Castiels face is full of confusion and before he can say anything, Dean presses his lips onto his. It’s a short kiss and filled with a lot of questions, but it’s probably the best First Kiss Dean ever had.
“It’s alright, Sam. I will “take one for the team”, as Dean expressed it,” Cas announces, addressing the quote with a crook of his fingers. “But I’ll do it on my own terms, if that’s alright.”
“I can’t imagine what he’ll do to me, once he knows…,” Eric starts, but immediately shuts his mouth. The sudden silence makes Dean suspicious.
In this moment, Dean couldn’t care less about any portals or weapons or defeating God. He doesn’t care if Sam believes their lie tomorrow, or if he and Cas will ever share a bed again.
One year.
Dean nods along, while Eric tells him the whole story about the night: the mom wanted to leave him, he had a few drinks, and he slapped her so hard she hit the side of their stone fireplace with her head. He also tells him it’s not the first time his dad used violence.
“Goodbye, Dean”
“Thanks, Charlie”
and like a miracle, there he is. Castiel lays flat on his back, his tan trenchcoat a hard contrast against the black all around them. Deans heart skips a beat, before he rushes to the angels side.
Carefully, Dean opens one of his eyes and looks at his brother, who just shrugs his shoulders and mouths “
Aquarius.
“Don’t worry, I loved it.”
“Really, Dean? “
It’s like a slap; the echo still ringing in Dean’s ears. There are tears streaming down Cas’s face and Dean can’t help but shake his head. He can’t do that, not now. It was supposed to keep an unsaid thing, but now Castiel had broken the silence.
“You don’t have to believe me; I just need your support for this. Most hunters don’t even know what they need for the spell. But it’s all in this book!”
“Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty…I call to you…Please return my one true love!”, Dean says again and still nothing happens. He feels the tears burn in his eyes, and his hand shaking on the coat. This is his last chance, and he can’t give up. Instead, Dean closes his eyes and takes a drive down memory lane. He remembers the first time he met Cas in that old barn, remembers the first time Cas actually laughed, remembers the first time they hugged. The pain of Cas’s loss and the pure joy of his return. And he thinks about that one moment, a few years ago: Cas and Dean had walked to the impala, while the angel had explained his favorite star constellation to the hunter. And Dean just looked at him and thought to himself
Dean and Cas depart soon enough, leaving Sam to deal with the rest of the concerned neighbors. Everybody seems to be too caught up in the drama to notice their quiet leave. They end up back in the diner, this time holding hands on the table. Surprisingly, everything feels the same and yet, completely different than before. Dean can’t put it in words, but for the first time in years, he knows he’s truly happy.
“No, I like it,” Cas decides, before pressing another quick peck onto Dean’s lips. “And I am fully content with cuddling you.”
what would he think about living with an angel of the lord and the son of Lucifer in an underground bunker? In the end, the answer always remains the same:
, Cas wants to say.
Castiel gives a hesitant nod as an answer. “Gabriel was one of the few angels who fornicated with humans. There was this whole thing about the Virgin Mary, I remember... But in case you forgot – he’s dead.”
There will be an Epilogue left after this chapter, but I want to thank everyone who ever commented on this fic, gave it kudos or even read it. I'd never thought I'd write fanfic ever again, but here we are.
Every star in the night sky represents either one angel or one human. None of the angels know why God did this, just another one of his unexplained miracles. But Castiel finds comfort in watching the stars and knowing it represents his brothers and sisters. He never counted how many angels there are in Heaven, but just like stars, the number almost seems endless. And somehow, Castiel managed to get almost every single one of them to despise him.
“His name is Castiel, dear,” Beth replies, eying the salmon pieces hungrily. “They said Sam’s working in IT and can do it from home. Clearly, an excuse, if you ask me.”
A middle-aged man bumps into them, and Dean stops talking immediately. There are far too many people around and if he says anything about the case, it could ruin their entire plan. The guests are spread all over the house, leaving no place to talk in private. Well, almost no place…
“You’ve got so pretty lips, wonder how they look stretched around my cock”
He doesn’t remember where he first heard the phrase, but it still rings clear as a bell inside his mind:
“Jealous? Don’t be ridiculous, Sammy,” the older Winchester mumbles, trying his best to not sound petty. “Scout’s honor, I’ll be on my best behavior.”
Inside, Cas reaches for the small bedside lamp, but a strong hand on his arm stops his motion.
Once Dean starts speaking, the words don’t seem to stop rushing from his mouth. Cas just regards him with those hauntingly blue eyes, his head tilted in a way that always makes Dean’s heart melt. When all is said, Dean feels like the air was punched out of his lungs, as he awaits his friend’s answer.
“No.”
Meanwhile, Sam had grabbed the old leatherbound book and reads through the mentioned page. He reads it longer than necessary, probably to give Dean the time to wipe away some unwanted tears. After a while, Sam sighs and nods.
“We are not a couple”
“I finally understand now, why I was so against your marriage. Because you two don’t belong together! Your whole marriage is a scam! You act all perfectly happy when in reality, you’re not even sleeping in the same bed anymore.”
“Dark or not, it doesn’t change the fact I’m probably going to miss my train,” the stranger jokes, but Dean can’t laugh. He’s gotta catch his train at the central station as well, and it’s not looking good for him. The transfer time was already very short but with this delay, it gets right impossible. Dean can feel the anxiety bubble in his gut, as he scrambles his papers from his bag. With the current delay, his transfer time will cut down a lot. Leaving him at…
Next, he slowly takes the head into his mouth, careful to cover his teeth with his lips. All of his received blowjobs had seemed so easy; now he is almost choking on one inch of dick. The taste is much saltier than expected, and it’s not long until Dean gives up. His jaw is aching more than he’d like to admit, but he still gives the guy a flirty grin.
“Is it my turn now?” Everyone nods in agreement.
“Aphrodite, goddess of …love and beauty, I call to you. Please return my o- one true…love”
“What the hell do you two think you are doing?” he yells loud enough to attract the entire house to the hallway, where they are watching them closely. Dean and Cas are still on the floor, slowly stumbling back to their feet.
The crowd seems satisfied for the moment, and Dean is about to lead Cas out of the house when a voice stops them midway. It’s Jack, who is shouting loud enough for everyone to hear: “Sam, I am your secret son!”
“Did you know the name Daniel means “
Dean flashes him a grin, as he steers the Impala away from the main road. They are luckily pretty far out, and the sky is clear before them. Once parked, they both exit the car, before Dean sits down on the hood of the car.
Dean takes a look at the person in question and shakes his head instantly. There are tattoos all over the person’s hands and neck, and his boots are drenched in dirt. Why would Cas even consider a punk like this? He probably drives a piece of shit car and lives in a sketchy basement.
“What’s their name?” Sam asks when Dean is almost out of the door.
Also, can we talk about how amazing the music video to this song is?
“Okay…,” Sam sighs, drawing the word out in a long breath. It sounds like he wants to say more but instead turns to face the angel. “Castiel, would you like to pretend-marry me?”
“I want to apologize to you, Cas”, Dean starts, not really sure where to look, or where to put his hands, and why is his mouth so bloody dry, what the fuck?! “I kinda…avoided you in the last weeks, because I – I didn’t know what to say to you. And I am sorry for that…”
“Of course, Dean.”
Retiring might be not something Dean ever considered, but it surely seems nice enough if Cas would be by his side.
“You just want me to stay, so your neighbors see this pretty lady leave your house tomorrow,” Mary jokes, earning some quiet hollering from her elder son and a laugh from Castiel.
It’s his own fault, for siding with the Winchesters. He betrayed his family for them; even killed some of his brothers and sisters. It shouldn’t surprise him how they turned against him, or how their behavior changes once they know who he is.
Castiel grunts in frustration. “What are you suggesting then, Dean? There must be something we can do…”
The young woman at the reception barely glances away from the little tv, as they ask for a room with a single king-size bed. The key feels heavy in Dean’s hand, as they head towards their room. Cas must feel his discomfort because he puts his hand on the hunter’s shoulder.
On his way from the kitchen, Dean grabs himself a beer, but Charlie already put liquor bottles on the table. The hunter was never a big fan of drinking games; he never needed a reason to get drunk. But now that Chuck is gone and they finally are free…Hell yeah, Dean would play a stupid drinking game with his friends. He and Sam sit down with the others, while Charlie pours everyone a drink. Castiel sits across Dean, and their legs shortly brush each other under the table. After saving the angel – no, not angel, he is now human – after saving the other human from the Empty, the interactions between him and Dean had been a bit awkward. Castiel left him with a love confession, and Dean was still trying to figure out what to do about it. So they just lived side by side in the bunker, only talking about safe topics and keeping their distance.
And as Dean watches his happy and fucked-up family, his hand tightly holding onto his husband, he just knows truer words were never spoken.
“Bet you still did an amazing job without me,” Dean returns, an honest smile on his lips. He holds his beer towards her, and she clinks it with her own.
“I am bisexual, do you know what that means?”
Ty gives him a smirk, before nodding his head to the side. Dean follows him with a spring in his step. They head towards the bathrooms, and Dean’s heart is beating faster. This is actually happening. He barely catches sight of the bathroom, because once he is inside, Dean gets pressed against the nearest wall. Rough hands hold his face in place, and Ty’s breath tingles against his lips. He lets him wait for another couple of seconds, before finally closing the gap and kissing Dean passionately. Most of his last hookups didn’t even bother with kissing Dean and part of him missed it. He’d never admit it, but kissing is one of his favorite parts of a hookup. Ty kisses him deeply, as Dean moans around his tongue.
, he thinks and Dean frowns at the voice inside his head. His attraction to the other man isn’t new to him, but the L-word? There were only a few people in his life he had really loved, and he didn’t even tell most of them. So, when Dean finally pulls away, he keeps the thought to himself.
The world around Dean falls silent, as he feels the tears still spilling. He wants to yell, scream, shout. He wants to say those little words over and over and over again until his throat can’t take it anymore.
“Guess we're heading back to the motel,” Dean finally decides, before clumsily standing up from the couch. If it weren’t for the awful neighbors, this place might actually be nice. The furniture for one thing is comfortable enough. And the closet sure gave him a few ideas what to do with Cas in the future. He takes a few steps towards the door until he notices something is missing. “Cas, you coming?”
“There’s no rush,” Dean simply answers, trying his best not to settle on the thought. If he’d ever marry someone, it probably would be Cas. His eyes are still fixed on the laughing figure when Claire continues speaking.
, Dean thinks. But he also knows that nothing would stop Dean.
“Thanks for having me,” Agnes replies with a shy smile, as she glances around at the other women. “It’s wonderful to have such nice and caring neighbors, my old neighborhood was so scandalous…”
“So…”, Charlie begins and looks at their little group. “Since it’s Castiel’s first time playing, I’m gonna let him start. Castiel, truth or dare?”
Not a day goes by where Dean doesn’t regret saying No to Michael. As a vessel, he wouldn’t have to worry about decreasing hygiene articles or their overall small survival chances. He’d just relax on the passenger seat, while the archangel might save the world from his brother. Instead, he’s busy organizing food supplies and toilet paper.
“How about the brunette gal over there? She is pretty…,” the hunter starts, but Castiel interrupts him sharply.
“Cas…,” he breathes, barely louder than a whisper. But Cas hears it, knowing fully well he’ll cherish this moment for the rest of his life.
Dean wants to say it, it’s on the tip of his tongue. But he doesn’t. Cas is clearly not himself right now and telling him now seems like bad timing. So instead, he tells him something else. It is still true and hard to say, but Dean hopes it will snap Castiel out of his state.
There are several attractive women in the bar, and Dean quickly scans if they appear to be alone. What kind of girl would Cas prefer? It’s not an easy question, and Dean regards if he’s ever seen him with a woman before. Sure, there was Meg all those years ago. So maybe a brunette? Once again, Dean lets his gaze wander over the crowd, before it lands on an attractive dark-haired woman in her thirties. She is casually drinking at the bar, and her black jacket reminds Dean even of Meg.
Would Cas even kiss back, if Sam initiated a kiss? The angel doesn’t seem the type for physical affection; hell, he only lost his virginity a few years ago! The image of Cas pressing Meg against the wall, kissing her passionately, popped back up in Dean’s mind. And then the image changed to Cas and Sam in the same manner…God, Dean’s gonna have to swallow some holy water to get rid of that mental image.
“Dean? Is it really you?” asks the familiar voice, and Dean freezes in place. Elliot looks pleasantly surprised, before walking over to him and Cas. He points at the car with a smile. “I should have recognized your car”
Whenever people teased them about being too close or being a couple, Dean just rolled his eyes at them. Their stupid comments weren’t even worth an answer. But it got harder once he and Sam attended the ridiculous musical about their lives.
Sam raises an eyebrow but doesn’t ask why his brother needed a moment to remember his friend’s name. Dean tries to keep a neutral face while his mind is racing.
Castiel’s eyes widen in shock, his mouths falls open a little. But there is still hesitation in his face, followed by anger. He is up from the bed now, crossing the distance between them.
He meets Elliot again several years after their first meeting. He and Cas just interviewed the police station, and when they return, two men stand in front of the Impala. One of them is obviously fascinated by Baby, and Dean watches them with a smile.
Once in the Impala, Dean is glad Sam decided to stay in with Jack tonight. Nothing is a worse mood kill than Bigfoot preaching about consent in the passenger seat. Still, he and Cas drive in silence, only letting the music play in the background. Soon enough, Dean parks the car in front of one of his favorite bars. A few years back, he visited it weekly, always taking a hookup back to the Impala or the nearby motel. Cas already wants to leave the car, but Dean grabs his arm in time.
Dean can’t help but gasp when the touch leaves him seeing stars. Behind him, the other man gives a small laugh.
“Nah, I’m good,” Dean replies, showing his beer can. Beside him are several more cans, and Cas already knows his friend will empty all of them. “Didn’t expect you to flee from the party, you’re usually so…embracing.”
“We can stop this anytime you want” It’s almost a whisper, but Dean knows it’s his last chance to bail.
“We need to talk,” Dean whispers, before dragging the angel into the coat closet. Some curious eyes seem to follow them, but Dean shuts the door before anyone else can spot them. The closet is surprisingly spacious, but the walls seem to suffocate him. There’s a bit of light coming in through the shutters, and he can see the concern written all over Cas’s face.
“Dunno…I like dark hair….bright eyes…a nice smile…”, Dean mumbles, more to himself than to anyone else. Only now, he realizes he perfectly described Castiel. Quickly, he tries to save himself: “It’s just got to be a good match, you know. If the personality ain’t right, no looks can fix that”
“We don’t choose who we love,” he continues and if Cas didn’t know better, it feels as if Father McKenzie is aware of his feelings for Dean. “And no matter what some people tell you, love can never be a sin.”
“Okay, any other suggestions? What about the man in the brown leather jacket?”
“And what do you need for the spell?”, Sam asks with hesitation in his voice.
The hunter still tries to find the right words, but Elliot keeps talking.
“Well then,” Claire says, clearly holding tears back herself. “I shall pronounce you officially hitched!”
“Yes, and I think Castiel would agree with you there,” Sarah speaks, before taking a long sip from her teacup. The reaction is immediate, as all the women start talking at once. The Winchester barely lived a week in the neighborhood, but they already produced the best gossip they had in a while.
Whenever Dean's hands slip into his boxers, he wonders if he would ever bottom again. Years ago, this would have seemed impossible. But then again, Dean also never would have thought he'd identify as anything else than straight. He even tries to watch gay porn a few times, but the actors moan too much and make sucking a dick seem so much easier than it actually is.
it. Sam is sitting with his arm wrapped around Eileen, laughing at one of Bobbys jokes. At a different table, Charlie shows Claire something on her phone, before both burst out laughing. Some people slap Deans back as he walks by and mutter a “Congratulations” to him. Dean is happy, happier than he has been for a while. But why does something inside hurt when he sees Cas?
And then it’s quiet.
“I met someone,” Cas begins before he corrects himself. “Some people. They are like a family to me, but…”
All his life, he expected monsters in every dark corner, and more than enough times Dean was proven right. He’s been long enough in the business to smell danger from miles away, Dean believes. Which is why he’s surprised to wake up to the sound of Castiel shouting his name.
“You’re not dragging me into a closet again, are you?” Castiel laughs, but willingly follows his boyfriend a few feet away from the crowd.
“Don’t want to steal your thunder, kid.”
“Uhhh – Lunch break,” Castiel answers stiffly, his eyes shortly glancing over to Dean. The hunter seems to have grown smaller by the second, as he fiddles with the menu.
“Some people just need somebody to talk to. There’s a certain relief in confessing…Would you like to try, agent?”
“Just forget it, Cas…Let’s focus back on the case.”
“If I were only twenty years younger…,” Beth starts, earning a peal of laughter from the women around her. “He’s very handsome, that’s true.”
“Because I was too stupid to realize it for the longest time. And then I just didn’t know how to say it,” Dean admits. He came close to confessing in the diner, but Beth interrupted them and afterward, Dean felt ashamed and stupid.
“We are best friends. And if you have to whore yourself out, let me at least share this burden with you. And we can never talk about it again. Just two bros, sharing a secret”
He can watch Tyler in the mirror, his hungry eyes focused on Dean’s behind. He’s got a small package of lube in his hands, and Dean even wonders for a moment where he got that from. The strong hands massage his cheeks, before moving on to circle his hole. The first finger enters slowly, almost hesitant. Ty clearly gives him the option of stopping, but Dean isn’t going to bail. Instead, he is enjoying the slow stretch. When the second finger enters, a low moan escapes from Dean’s throat. It’s pleasant, but he honestly expected more from it. He just wants to ask for another finger, but Ty angles his fingers differently and –
“Dean,” Cas whispers. “I want those things too.”
“Exactly what I thought,” Sam replies, turning his laptop back to himself. “Apparently there were several deaths within the last 10 years in this neighborhood, and all of them were classified as accidents.”
“There would be no thunder without you,” she confesses, and Dean can’t help but pull her into a tight hug. He never expected to have kids, but he loves Claire just like his own blood. Her first weeks in college were rough, he remembers. But every time she came close to quitting, she’d call Dean. At this point, she’s just as much his kid as Jack, and he couldn’t be prouder of the people they’ve become.
“Me too,” Mary chimes in with a laugh. “Even though I was patiently waiting for your back-up at the house.”
When he leaves, he tells Sam about an old friend he wants to meet up with. It’s a comfortable lie and whenever Dean brings up the “I’ll be dead in a few weeks”-card, Sam lets him do his thing anyway. The younger Winchester gives him a weird look; he knows Dean never had many close friends in the past.
It appears like everybody in the hunter community got the invitation: Sam and Eileen, Mary, Donna, the Banes twins, even Garth and Bess together with their kids. It’s not often hunters get to celebrate something, so everybody immediately jumped the opportunity. It’s a beautiful day, and at some point, Dean finds himself standing next to Claire.
“You… will call me Ty”, replies the man, his tone clearly showing dominance. Dean could rip his little body apart without breaking a sweat, but he can’t know that. This Ty-Guy clearly thinks, he is the one in control tonight, and this unshattered confidence stirs something inside of Dean. More than a simple want, it’s a
Quietly, Cas slips out through the back door of the cabin. The cold night air sends goosebumps down his body, but it’s a welcome change from the forced happiness inside. With a sigh, the ex-angel finds himself sitting down on the patio and starting to roll a joint. His hands seem shakier than usual, and he has to start over several times. Usually, he only shivers like this after nightmares find their way in his dreams again. When he finally manages to roll a decent blunt, the door behind him opens with a creak. From the corner of his eye, Cas catches a familiar figure, which moves to sit beside him.
“Whatever, old man. But if you ever want to tie the knot, just call me,” she says, shrugging with her shoulder. When Dean looks at her with a raised eyebrow, she continues. “I’m actually a licensed officiant, not that it would matter for you two anyways. Could marry you just like that –“
“I love you, too.”
Tonight, Dean wants to get fucked.
“Goodbye Dean”, Castiel says, before he throws the hunter out of the way. Dean crashes against the cold wall. The angel still wears a smile, when the Empty curls around him and Billie, pulling them into the Wall.
They all settle in the living room: Cas and Dean on the couch, Mary and Sam seated in each of the armchairs, and Jack sitting cross-legged on the floor. It may not be much, but it’s their own little screwed-up family. While Sam gets them beers from the fridge, Dean considers putting his arm around Cas. They haven’t had time to label their relationship yet, but they’re both too old to play games. So, Dean decides to go with his gut and wraps his arm around Castiel’s shoulder. The returned smile lets him know it was a good decision.
Warning: chapter includes homophobic language and homophobic acts of violence.
Once he had a proper drink.
At the bar stands a man slightly older than Dean. He is probably in his forties, but still looking classically handsome while drinking his Bourbon and wearing a classic black suit. His tanned skin contrasts against the white fabric of his shirt. The clothes remind Dean of someone else; someone he left behind. But now is not the time to think about the past. When the demon approaches him, the man lifts his gaze to regard him. His brown eyes seem to twinkle with mischief.
Fuck, this guy clearly knows how the game is played. Dean considers his options: he could either give in or try it at another bar. The other men in the bar aren’t even half as hot as this one, and he surely won’t find anyone else with this attitude tonight.
“What is wrong? There are so many beautiful women here and you aren’t looking bad either today, pal. Just choose one, and I’ll start the conversation for you.”
Humans are fragile, Castiel soon realizes. If he doesn’t eat enough, his stomach twists itself in pain. If he’s too cold, he ends up shivering so hard he can’t even fall asleep. Not to mention all the little cuts and bruises he ends up collecting over time. He couldn’t feel any more different than during his time as an angel, where he could heal and kill with a snap of his finger. Now he finds himself searching dumpsters for some food and sleeping in freezing alleyways, hoping to live another day.
Dean's journey on coming to terms with his sexuality.
“The Doctor. Rose told him she loved him, but they were separated before he could say anything. Did he love her back?”
“Damn, Cas. You have to talk to her…,” Dean remarks to his friend, pointing in her direction. But once again, he is interrupted by the angel.
Dean can’t help but laugh. “Oh Cas, you have no idea…”
The gossip continues happily: Tammy found out they only have one toothbrush. Irene asked about Cas’s job, and apparently, he’s working in a nearby library. And all of them agree, their marriage is weird. Whenever Sam touched his husband, it felt unnatural, and they didn’t kiss once the whole evening.
“I wish it were me,” Dean rushes before he can chicken out again. “Instead of Sam. I wish it were me you’re married to. And I know it’s all fake, and you’re just pretending, but it’s driving me insane. Watching him hold you and call you those cheesy pet names. Because - because it’s something I want to do with you…not pretending, but for real.”
Dean drowns his whiskey before he turns around. He is not going to let this feeling ruin their We-Defeated-God-Party.
Dean and Sam probably both raise their eyebrows at the same time, while Charlie just giggles and Jack grins at his father. Everyone expected Cas to choose the Truth, but he’s always good for a surprise.
“Cas!”, Dean shouts, before quickly approaching the angel. And he says it once more when he is only a few feet away from him. “Cas”
“I’m not gay either. You know, there’s more than just straight and gay, right?”, replies the other man with a kind smile. When there’s no answer, he keeps talking.
The question takes him by surprise, as he turns in his seat to face Dean. They are driving in the Impala, but Cas has no idea where they are. At night, every road looks the same to him. Sometimes he wonders how Dean always finds his way around the highways, never getting lost in the mess of interstates. But then again, the Winchesters grew up on the road, always driving from one place to the other. The ride was quiet so far, except for Sam’s occasional snoring from the backseat, where he is fast asleep.
“It’s true. The truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.”, Dean says in a quiet voice. Cas is so close, he could almost lean forward and kiss him. “I love you, Castiel”
“Wow, look at that beauty…I might not seem the type, but I love old cars,” Elliot exclaims, as he regards the car. “Damn, I really envy that lucky bastard who owns this one”
In the end, they just needed to pray. Turns out, Jack already saved Castiel from the Empty and they started rebuilding heaven together. And there he is, Castiel, angel of the fucking lord, just casually standing in their kitchen.
“I’m Dean, by the way,” Dean speaks, once their laughter dies down. He holds his palm out, and the stranger shakes it with a smile.
“Sammy, I can explain…,” Dean starts, but now Sam turns his attention to Cas. He steps closer to them, his pointed finger slapping against Castiel’s chest.
“Nice to meet you, Tammy,” the other man says again. “I’m Sam, and this is my husband Cas.”
Dean wants to throw a punch at his little brother, who smirks at him so knowingly. He specifically asked about a “partner”, not a woman. Sam must have noticed the change of behavior. It takes Dean a moment to answer, his eyes are pinned to a little scratch in the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Those are a lot of rules for something as simple as sexual intercourse. Why can’t I just go over and ask him to have sex with me?” Cas asks, his head angled to the side.
“The curly-haired blond on 7 o’clock?” Castiel asks next, his eyes focusing on a short guy near the jukebox. Dean takes a short look, before once again shaking his head.
The angel can’t even finish his greeting, as Dean wraps him into a desperate hug. Dean doesn’t care about Sam or Jack watching them, as he holds Castiel even tighter and buries his nose in the trenchcoat.
Past-Him might have felt ashamed of his attraction to men, but now he is free of any guilt. It’s a good feeling. Dean can’t remember a time, where he didn’t live a lie and now he finally couldn’t care less. He gets drunk if he wants to, he steals if he wants to and he fucks who he wants to. Sometimes, Crowley gives him an annoyed eye-roll about his behavior, but he never speaks up. He wanted Dean to be a demon in the first place, so it’s not his place to judge. And luckily, Crowley isn’t always with him; he still needs to run hell after all. Sometimes, Dean feels like a kid with a babysitter. Tonight, Crowley mutters something about taking the hellhounds to the vet, and Dean doesn’t even bother to ask before his companion vanishes in thin air. Dean waits for another few minutes, before hitting the road himself.
“Here, take my jacket”, Dean says and swiftly hands over the brown heavy leather jacket. He doesn’t even think about how cheesy this must look. Castiel mumbles a quiet “thanks” to him as he puts it on. Dean waits for another minute, before he decides to speak.
The first rays of sunlight creep into the cabin, and Dean closes his eyes to ignore them a moment longer. Just for a minute, he wants to forget their hopeless situation. He pretends they are living a normal life – or as normal as it would be for a hunter and an angel of the lord. They could’ve gotten a place on their own somewhere, with Sammy nearby and a big garage for Baby. Maybe even a kid, that would be something. The thought of him teaching a teenage boy driving in Baby leaves a sad smile upon Dean’s lips.
“Didn’t that lady get ditched on an island?” Dean asks with a smile on his lips, and Cas can’t help but raise an eyebrow. He didn’t take Dean for the type to know classic mythology, but then again, the Winchesters know a lot of old lore. And Dean is always good for a surprise.
Dean’s not stupid; he knows he likes men the same way he likes women. It’s been a long journey to finally find self-acceptance, but he’s finally contempt with it. That doesn’t mean he’s going to buy pride stickers and tell everyone around him he’s bi. No, it’s his secret and he’s the only one who needs to know about it.
“That’s roughly the number of the Milky Way, there’s countless more in the galaxy – How do you even know that number?”
The man in the trenchcoat is a few steps ahead of him, throwing worried glances back every now and then. Dean probably sounds like he is dying soon, his wheezing drowning out the noise around them. He’s ready to give up here and now, but suddenly a hand closes around his and he is pulled forward. Usually, he’d overthink holding hands with a stranger, but the adrenaline rush puts his focus only on their common goal.
“He’s not a good mate, trust me,” Dean simply states, drowning the rest of his beer shortly after. Finding a suitable man for Cas is surely not a task he can do sober.
Doubt. Shame. Love. Fear
Dean is taken aback for a second. Who the hell is Fernando? It’s only then when Dean remembers their lesser-used codewords. He can still recall how he wrote it down in his own leatherbound journal:
Carefully, he watched the way his brother and his friend interacted, and the sight made him feel uneasy. He thought it was a stupid idea for them to fake a relationship because it would just be weird. But now that he was watching the way Cas’s hand rested on Sam’s lower back, Dean realized it’s something entirely else: he’s jealous. It’s not a feeling he knows very well; after all, none of his relationships ever lasted long. But as he watched Cas laugh at one of Sam’s stories, their sides pressed together – it’s setting something inside of Dean loose.
Cas just huffs a breath as a reply. When they first started with Camp Chitaqua, Cas only took few women into his tent, those he felt a special connection with. But now, he couldn’t care less who sleeps beside him in the night. He knows Dean judges him for it, but Cas can’t blame him. He judges himself too. How can a fallen angel fall so far?
“I fairly doubt Chuck’s birthday is going to end up in an orgy,” he tries to banter, but there’s no punchline. It feels like a summary of his entire life now: an endless joke, with no payoff in sight. Cas finishes his joint in silence, while Dean opens a second beer.
“Do you think he loved her back?” Cas asks as Dean hits pause on the remote control. The hunter turns his head to look at his friend with a confused look.
“Time for your very first solo hunt”
One day Cas was one of the leading angels in Heaven, now he is a rebel. Angels used to shiver in fear under his gaze, and now even the lowest ranks are hunting him. It doesn’t get better once he teams up with Metatron, hoping to finally bring peace back to Heaven. Instead, the angels fall from the sky like the stars they represent. And Cas…Cas is left human, his grace stolen by Metatron.
“Castiel, I’m glad you came back,” Gabriel exclaims, when spots him. “Honestly, I never would have expected you to befriend humanity, but seems like you know them veeeeery closely.”
He is staring at himself, repeating the word again and again in his mind.
“Two hours,” the guy answers, after glancing over the display case.
“You’ve fallen in every way imaginable”, Hester had thrown at him, the pity and disgust clear in her voice. He had fallen from heaven, from grace – and he had fallen in love. It was easy to miss at first: his skin prickling, the strange feeling in his body, and the way he sometimes was at loss for words. But after years and years, he finally found the explanation: he’s in love with Dean Winchester.
The look on Castiel’s face is everything and without even words, Dean knows he feels the exact same about him. The room is quiet around them, and from the corner of his eye, Dean spots Jennifer amongst the watchers. At least their little distraction worked well enough for her to stay.
“I-I’m glad you are here,” Dean says instead while raising his beer in a toast. Castiel meets it with his own bottle, a strangely intimate gesture. He gives Cas a warm smile, before taking a sip. He’d rather have him as a friend for the rest of his life than to lose him as a lover.
“This got nothing to do with Fernando, this is about me and Cas!” Dean replies with an angry voice, before taking Castiel’s palm into his own hands. Cas gives him a quick squeeze, and Dean decides to have at least a little fun with the situation.
“Uh-Uh, no way I’m getting fake-married to Cas!” Dean protests once he finds the ability to speak again. His reaction was apparently a bit harsh, judging by the looks both Cas and Sam give him.
“Dean,” Cas simply says, putting a stop to Dean’s blabbering.
“I take one look at your soul, and I know about all of your regrets,” he remarks. “You are so filled with shame, it’ll never get boring with you”
It feels like yesterday, Dean thinks to himself, while he just orders a slice of apple pie. Castiel happily orders the same. They sit in silence for a while, but it’s not awkward. It’s the comforting kind of silence you only have with your loved ones. Dean looks over at the angels neatly folded hands on the table, and he must look away again. It would be too easy to just reach over and hold Castiel’s hand.
“Never mind, it’s a stupid joke. Not even true, if you ask me. But that doesn’t matter right now” He finally faces his friend again. By the looks of him, Cas is just as nervous as he is. Another step towards. Their faces are only inches apart, Dean notices, and when Cas speaks again, the warm air tingles against his lips.
Witches and conservative suburbs sure aren’t Dean’s favorite things in the world, that much is sure. But if people are in danger, there’s no way he’d let them down. Especially, if he might get to kill some fundamentalist witch.
“That makes it so much more fun,” the stranger rasps. “You need it bad, that is obvious. And I think I am your best bet tonight – so either get out of my sight or show me how much you need me…”
Cas takes a moment, looking like he is calculating all possible risks of his answer. Finally, a little smile tugs at the corners of his mouth.
“Do you mean like a relationship, or…just me loving…someone?”
“So, when you gonna put a ring on it?” she asks, nodding over to Castiel, who is chasing his little namesake all over the lawn in a playful game. Dean’s heart swells at the thought of this man being his husband. They hunt less and less these days, especially since Sam decided to move in with Eileen. It’s still a secret, but he and Cas recently bought a house in the same street as them. It might finally be time to leave the hunting life behind.
“Sometimes,” Cas sighs heavily. It’s not a lie, but it’s not the entire truth either. “I mostly miss my wings.”
“Fags,” he scolds, before turning around and leaving the diner with Sam and Dean. When Dean turns his head, he sees one of the strange men crying, while the other rubs his back in a comforting manner.
“Am I a human or an angel?” Cas continues, and after a short break: “Your friend, your lover, or just your campmate?”
“I just want,” Dean starts, the words twisting in his throat. He knows exactly what he wants, ever since seeing Cas and Sam casually holding hands and snuggling on the couch. But at the same time, he knows it’s something he can’t have. Angels aren’t supposed to have emotions, he knows that. But when he catches Castiel’s blue eyes carefully watching him, Dean can’t help but feel a spark of hope.
And if Dean loves Castiel and he's not around to hear it, does it even matter?
, Dean thinks.
“Of course he did, Cas. It’s so obvious! He was even crying in the end, he was probably just overwhelmed at the moment,” Dean arguments. He wants to add something else; something about feeling guilty and not wanting Rose to feel even worse, but he doesn’t. It hits too close to home, especially with the sad look Cas gives him. The silence stretches between them, like an elastic that’s about to snap.
“Well, we would need some roses, cinnamon, some possession of the person, white candles…we got all of that here”
So Dean starts praying.
– now things are getting heated. Dean presses even closer to Cas, their chests flushing together and their arms holding each other close. Somewhere, Cas’s back hits a wall and Dean pins him against it. The moan that falls from Cas’s lips is almost obscene while motivating Dean only further.
“There’s things, there’s people…feelings that I…I want to experience differently than I have before. Or maybe even for the first time.”
The angel blade hits her right in the chest. Her purple eyes glance downwards, where the blood comes rushing out of her body. Apparently, she was so caught up in looking dangerous, she actually forgot to ward herself. And with Castiel’s heavenly aim, that could only end deadly for her. Jennifer sinks to her knees; the purple flashes of lightning slowly disappearing from the room. It’s only then when Dean decides to approach her. Blood is running down her mouth, but she’s still alive, watching the hunter carefully as he kneels down in front of her.
Not every family contains of two parents and a bunch of kids. For them, family contains of two washed-up hunters, their time-traveling mom, a badass Irish huntress, a fallen angel, the devil’s son, and dozens of other people they got to know over the years. Bobby once told Dean, family don’t end in blood, but it doesn’t start there either.
“Happy birthday, boy!”
Carefully, Cas pulls on top of him, pressing Dean into the mattress with his weight. Between them, their cocks slide together and they both hump forward in the search of some friction. Dean’s hand wraps easily around them both, stroking them in a fast and desperate pace. He can feel he’s getting close to orgasm, and judging by Castiel’s fast and heavy breathing, he isn’t too far behind him.
“Hello then,” Dean grumpily answers, his eyes focused on the table before him. Of all possible times, Beth had to disrupt them just now. He remembers the way those nosy neighbors had eyed him at the housewarming party, and how it made him uneasy. But then again, he only had eyes for Cas that evening.
“We could throw another party. Maybe celebrate a birthday or a wedding anniversary. And you and Mom could handle the house in the meantime,” Sam suggests.
“You’re an abomination,” Jennifer yells again. “Dirty and sinful, and…”
He is in love with Castiel.
“It’s just protection – your angel blade won’t help against chlamydia.”
Trying to find lore on how to kill God turns out even harder than the Winchester expected; not that they had a lot of hope in the first place. But it’s another day spent researching in old books without an end in sight. Time is running out, and Dean can feel himself grow restless. With most of their allies gone or dead, a win over Chuck seems more and more impossible.
„What do you mean, you never played Truth Or Dare?!”, Charlie yells from the library, where she sits with Castiel and Jack. Surprised, Dean turns his head to look over and already sees the redhead waving him and Sam over. With a sigh, Dean places the dirty plate back into the sink. Whenever Charlie stays at the bunker, trouble is already around the corner.
“We do explore the nature of Destiel in act two,” Marie had said with a smug smile, and Dean couldn’t get the sight of the handholding teenagers out of his head for the rest of the day. He tried to bring it up with his brother, but the younger Winchester couldn’t stay serious.
The door closes heavily behind Dean, leaving Cas alone once again.
“Where did you get that ring from?” Dean asks, and Cas casts a glance over to Jody, who is currently trying to stop crying. They barely knew her husband, and sometimes Dean still feels a pinch of guilt they couldn’t save him. The ring, he knows, is not only a final peace offering but an official invitation to the family. Dean shoots her a thankful smile, and she just nods in return.
They invited their neighbors under the premise of Castiel’s birthday, even though the angel technically doesn’t even have a birthday. It doesn’t matter anyway, since Sam promised some BBQ and apparently that’s enough to motivate everyone to show up. Dean watches the spectacle from a distance, occasionally sipping his cold beer. He planned to handle the grill, but some bored husband hushed him away to deal with it instead.
“It was a joke, you can have as many as you like,” he explains, before pushing the plate a few inches closer to the angel. Sharing food should feel more intimate, but it feels comfortable with Cas. At least, until the waitress comes with their check.
“Honey?” Cas asks with a raised eyebrow, and Dean feels himself blushing yet again.
Here's to my first time writing smut. Cheers!
“I thought Eileen and I could maybe do it, but her leg isn’t healing as we hoped,” Sam thinks out loud, wincing at the thought of his injured girlfriend. The recent werewolf hunt was tougher than expected and left Eileen’s leg badly hurt. Cas tried his best to heal her, but she was still struggling.
“Lawnmower accident?” Dean laughs, as he re-reads the headline again. “Well, if this isn’t our kind of thing, I really don’t know what is.”
Dean reflects on his relationship with Cas, after the angel gets taken by the Empty (post 15x18).
“Are you going to make me do all the work, or are you still planning on fucking me?”
“I just…I just wanted a beer. And maybe some company?” Dean says and tries to put on his flirty smile. It usually works with the ladies, and the guy in front of him seems to be affected as well. He smiles at Dean as well, before he starts speaking.
“I don’t know. Part of me probably knew for years, but I never allowed myself to think about it. There was always another apocalypse, another hunt, another big obstacle in our way. Losing Cas as a friend was already hard enough, but to lose him as a…partner? That would have crushed me. But then he said he loves me and all I wanted to do was scream at him “
Everyone is looking at Castiel, and when he finally raises his gaze, he locks eyes with Dean.
The only time he manages to escape from his own thoughts is when he’s alone with Cas. Once the sun goes down, he finds himself at the back door of his cabin, knocking with shaking hands. Every night, he expects Cas to leave him standing in the dark, and yet Cas opens the door with an honest smile every time.
“Dearest, could you make space in the hallway closet for the coats?” Sam calls out to Cas, and Dean almost burns his hand at the stove. He had a few days to adjust to the idea of Sam and Cas pretending a relationship, but the term of endearment still surprises the hunter.
“I’ll drop by the community center first, they asked me to take over a case at the Harley Charles prison today,” Castiel says casually. Right, Castiel became a social worker, how could Dean forget that? He presses another chaste kiss upon the chapped lips, before pulling back.
[Set in Endverse]
“I got one”, Dean says quickly, already smirking at his little brother. There is a terrified look in Sam’s eyes. They’ve played the game a few times when they were younger, and Dean always chose the worst tasks for him.
I'm very sorry, Lisa Braeden. She was just the only long-term relationship Dean ever had and it just made sense for him to talk to her about it. I doubt canon Lisa would ever say something like that, but it just had to be done.
“Well, next time you look over to him, give him a small smile. Not too extreme, just a little hint to show you’re interested. But don’t constantly stare at him, just look over every now and then.” Dean tries to sound confident as he explains the 101 of flirting to the angel. If he could walk Charlie through this, he might also be able to help Cas.
“No, yours is,” Cas answers. “And Sam’s.”
Dean gives him a shy nod, before leading Cas to the car. They have barely driven a mile before the angel speaks up.
“You gotta say it, Dean. It’s not going to work if you can’t even talk about it with your brother”
“So, your star is in there?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam and Cas just look at him with wide eyes, indicating Dean clearly missed some important chunk of the memo. Castiel is the first one to speak, as he regards Dean with a raised eyebrow.
Say Hi on Tumblr, if you'd like [https://run-you-clever-blaine.tumblr.com/]
“What’s going on? Ever since Sam and I began working this case, you’ve been acting weird,” Cas presses on and Dean knows it’s finally time to come clean about his feelings. He doesn’t want to lose Castiel’s friendship, but he can’t keep lying anymore.
“Were you ever in love? Like really romantically in love?”
Dean must have stared at nothing because Sammy clears his throat.
“Dean, promise me you won’t act up,” Sam tries to reason. “We can’t risk the entire thing because you are getting jealous.”
It’s not a lot, but it sparks something else in Dean. Something, he thought to be lost for a long time: the will to live. Just a little spark, but enough to keep him going. It takes him all his strength, but he wants to fight. Fight for his little brother and for himself.
“10 years, next September”
It goes far more into depth of Dean's thoughts and feelings, but the song just perfectly fit this premise. Also, I'm kinda sad pride is over, but I'm still proud of each and every one of you :)
“What’s next? You’re gonna kiss goodbye on the porch when Cas drives to work?” Dean snaps at his brother, who seems confused by the sudden anger.
“Do you ever miss heaven?”
It took him a while to get used to the angel with his weird staring and lack of understanding for personal space. But at the same time, Dean was drawn to him. Castiel was a warrior and soldier, just like Dean. And just like the hunter, he had doubts about the world he was told to believe in. Falling in love with Cas crept up on him. Surely Dean realized quickly that the angel’s vessel was an attractive guy, but that was only half the deal. Whenever the angel tilted his head in confusion, Dean’s heart skipped a beat. There was something endearing about him, but Dean couldn’t name the feelings in his chest. He dismissed it as friendship and for several years, it made sense to him. Growing up, Dean never had a best friend and his little brother was only a cheap substitute. But Cas took him just the way he was: the good, the bad, and the ugly.
“And I want Cas back”
Cas finally breaks the eye contact; only to stare at his glass instead. Dean is still trying to figure out why he looks so sad, when the former angel rises from his seat.
“Jack”, Castiel finally says. “Truth or dare?”
“I’ve never begged for anything in my life,” Dean replies, before drowning his Whiskey. It’s a lie, and he knows it. He begged for Sammy’s life several times before, or for the life of other loved ones. But this was all before - this is his new life.
Jack and Mary greet them happily, and even Sam can’t hide his grin as he approaches his brother. “Well, if it isn’t the homewrecker himself.”
There’s blood in his mouth, blood in his hair, blood in his mouth…just blood
“Once he knows what?”
For me.
The night air is cold, but at least the sky is crystal clear. Cas is staring at the constellation, while the moon reflects slightly in his eyes. Deans heart feels like he is bursting with feelings, but he can’t bring the words out. Instead he talks about something he knows: his car.
“Dean,” Sam presses forward, clearly uncomfortable. Cas remains quiet, silently watching the interaction between the brothers.
It’s hard to catch glimpses of the movers, but she catches a few sights as she stretches out of her bedroom window. One of them has dark hair and is wearing a tan trenchcoat, the other one seems to be taller and is coated in a flannel shirt. Not really the type to be moving into this street, but they might turn out to be nice. She tries to keep an open mind, she tells herself, even though she doesn’t understand how somebody could possibly move while wearing a trenchcoat.
“The worst thing is how I still can’t let go. My family abandoned me, hurt me, betrayed me – but they are still my family.”
“Hello Tammy, Harold. Welcome to our humble home,” Sam greets the guests, as the couple enters their hallway. Cas takes their jackets from them, hanging them in the biggest coat closet Dean’s ever seen. Well, at least the house got some perks. Before he can think more about the architectural features of the house, his brother calls for him.
Dean lights the candles, before cutting deeply into his palm and letting the blood flow into a big cup. With the other hand, he clings to the coat on the floor. His eyes are closed when he finally begins to speak.
Dean almost feels guilty, whenever he leaves the cabin in the early morning. The camp is still mostly sleeping, and the few guards don’t pay attention to the insides of their grounds. Sometimes, Cas asks him to stay, only for a few minutes longer. But Dean refuses every time, knowing the first people will soon stalk the area. If they saw Dean coming out of Cas’s cabin…
When he finally meets the Winchesters again, Cas feels a shiver of hope arise in his chest. After all, Dean and Sam are his best friends and his second family. They drive him to the bunker, give him new clothes and even give him some fresh food. Life seems to finally look better for Cas.
“That’s nice,” Sam replies, before turning his attention back to his laptop. He doesn’t notice Dean walking down the hallway and entering the small bathroom. Dean closes the door carefully behind him. In the dirty and cracked mirror, his reflection is staring back at him.
For a moment, Dean considers telling Castiel the truth. He often wondered, if the angel also saw his memory after rebuilding him after hell, but Dean never asked. He was too afraid of the answer. So even now, he just shrugs.
“Cas, I think we need to talk…about what you said” Castiel doesn’t even look at him and stays silent, so Dean continues. “You said, you…”
Back in the Bunker, Sam is looking for his brother. Dean went out with Cas a while ago and they have not returned yet. Even through the world was safe, Sam still got anxious. Just as he thought about calling Deans phone, the door opens with a creaky sound. Dean and Castiel enter the Bunker, both smiling. Sam immediately notices their interlinked hands and smiles too. He always suspected their “profound bond” would be even more special.
It’s with a sigh that Dean finally agrees, knowing there are no alternatives left for him. As it turns out, the trip to Atlanta is actually decent: everything is on time, there’s plenty of room in the compartment and the place couldn’t be cleaner. Which, of course, meant it would all go wrong on his way back.
“I usually only spot the Big Dipper, so you gotta help me out here, man,” Dean laughs, as he pats the spot beside him. Cas sits down gently, as he regards the sky before him. It takes him a moment to find what he’s looking for, but afterward a little smile tugs at the corner of his lips.
When he pulls away, Castiel is looking at him and he almost drowns in their blue.
“Cas? I wanted to talk…”
“Whatever you need, buddy,” Dean replies, while trying to hide a winning grin. Besides him, Sam just shakes his head in disbelief. If they survive their upcoming fight with Chuck, Dean will forever tease his brother about him winning this argument.
“You! You really thought destroying my altar was enough to stop me?”
It’s almost like he said his thoughts aloud, because the crowd of people move slightly, and Dean sees the angel sitting alone in an armchair. Well, he is not an angel anymore, his grace was the price to get out of the Empty. Castiel seems even smaller in the big chair, like he is trying to hide in plain sight. As a new human, this party must feel overwhelming, Dean thinks to himself. He takes a step forward, as Cas catches his gaze. Only a second, then he inspects the wrinkly skin at his fingertips. They used to stare at each other for minutes, now Cas can barely look at him. They haven’t been alone since Cas’ mysterious return, but their last conversation still haunts every one of their interactions.
“What the hell, Sammy? Dearest? What kind of weird pet name is that even supposed to be?”
“Dean…,” Cas finally breaks the silence, but Dean interrupts him before he can speak more.
“Let them know, for all I care. It’s the end of the world, who gives a shit if we’re messing around?” Cas whispers while pressing soft kisses onto Dean’s shoulder blades.
“Same thing, really,” the angel answers, his gaze gliding to the ground as he tries to figure out how he could ever explain his situation to a normal human being. The comparison reminds him a bit of Dean, and how he always put John on a pedestal. The Winchesters learned far too young to only obey their father, and it’s amazing they finally overcame their obsession in favor of free will.
“Sorry to interrupt, but I don’t think this will work,” Dean chimes in, putting his hand on Cas’s arm. He gently grips Cas by the elbow of the dozy trenchcoat, pulling him away from the stranger and back towards their table. The other man yells something after them, but Dean won’t hear it. Castiel is far too good for somebody like that.
“Uncomfortable?”, chokes Dean. His heart is racing. Castiel said it again like it’s the easiest thing in the world.
Dean checks the crowd again and again, but finding another single gay guy on such short notice. All other men, who could be described as handsome, are paired with women. Besides him, Cas grows restless.
And here we are. A big thank you to every single person who read my weird self-insert coping story, a big thanks to every kudos and every comment. It's been a crazy few months and I can't wait to see what will happen next. This was the biggest writing project I've done in years, and I had so much fun with it.
Cas is about to answer when another idea hits him. “Pull over.”
Like a miracle, they reach their gate and to Dean’s surprise, the train is still parked. A breath of relief passes over his lips, but it soon enough vanishes to a coughing fit. Damn, he really needs to start working out again. The other man moves his free hand to push the door open – and absolutely nothing happens. He pushes the button again and again, but they both just stare at the closed door. A second later the train sets in motion.
Retiring was never something Dean seriously considered. Their lives were too busy anyway, and how would retirement even look like? Dean tries to picture a little house with a white picket fence and a bench on the patio. Now add a beautiful wife and some screaming kids, and it would be the perfect dream for most men. But Dean knows it’s not for him. He’d always be a hunter first, no matter how much he would try to leave it all behind. Normal people could never understand why he’d keep a gun with silver bullets in his drawers or buys salt in bulk packages. He tried with Lisa before, but normal life doesn’t do it for him.
Male.
“Guess he got over it quickly then,” some other woman giggles. “Have you seen the kid too? Sam can’t have been older than maybe 25 when he was born”
It starts out innocent and gentle, just like the way relationships start. But then Cas opens his mouth a little bit, letting Dean lick inside and,
At the end of everything, Dean met Castiel.
He is only wearing a faded grey hoodie and some jeans, his usual clothes were soaked in his own blood.
Dean never asked to become the leader of their broken little group.
And then there is nothing.
“It’s a slight detail, but look how the cooler is placed. There was clearly work done, but it’s splendid. A beauty like this needs a lot of attention….,” one of them says enthusiastically, while the other just nods along.
When it’s Sam turn to ask his brother, Dean chooses Truth this time. Knowing Sam, he would probably dare him to kiss Castiel right there and that’s a risk Dean can’t take.
Once again, Dean is surprised by the refusal. It’s almost like Cas doesn’t even want his help in the matter, and the hunter can’t help but feel slightly offended. After all, Cas asked him for his help and now he won’t even acknowledge his suggestions. The door opens and a gorgeous redhead enters the bar. Her curly hair falls perfectly over her shoulders, as she walks seductively towards the counter. On her way, she catches sight of Castiel, and even shoots a hinted smile in his direction.
“Take off your pants and lean over the sink,” Ty demands with a smirk and Dean obeys at once. It crosses his mind to give the guy a bit of a fight; maybe he’ll get some slaps for it. But with the Mark, it’s still a risk. One bad move, one bad remark, and he’ll crack his pretty skull open on the tiles. The sink feels cold against Dean’s skin, but it’s solid and he can see his face stare back at him in the mirror.
“Damn, I could really use some sleep now,” Dean yawns, stretching his arms. A short glance at the clock lets him know it’s almost 2 am and they gotta hit the road early the next day.
This story wouldn't have been possible without the amazing support from my clown queens. I love y'all so much, and thanks for accepting me with all my weirdness.
Dean steps back, ready to hide from Castiel’s anger, but it doesn’t work. Barely a moment later, Cas is already in front of him. His hand closes tightly around Dean’s arm, keeping him from turning away.
The Bunker is filled with people and Dean
“You want me to come along?” Cas asks, and Dean just nods.
It’s not a natural thing, Castiel knows. The angels already hated him for betraying Heaven, but falling for a human? Some angels would kill him instantly if they knew about this sin. Humans are lesser beings, they told him. They are angry, dishonest, impulsive – the list goes on and on.
“There are one hundred billion angels?” Dean asks surprised, his eyes shortly wandering over to Cas.
“Sure…,” the hunter answers, trying to sound calm. He can only hope this time will go smoother than that night so many years ago when they were thrown out of the brothel. “We shouldn’t waste any time. Give me 15 minutes and we’ll head to a bar.”
How many more remarks until Dean would decide he didn’t want Cas in his life anymore?
Pride.
No way Cas is hooking up with this yucky fella.
Please enjoy my humble offering of mostly 3k words destiel smut.
“What about me?” Cas chimes in, all eyes turning to him. Dean didn’t even realize the angel entered the room. “Since we are not related, it might be less awkward to pretend a relationship.”
(See the end of the chapter for
This is the song that started it all! I remember listening to it over and over again, until this story came to mind. I wanted to write about Endverse since forever and I'm glad I finally got around it. Kudos and Comments will literally brighten my day :) Thanks for reading
“Yeah?”, Castiel says, a smile in his voice. His heart already feels like it’s going to explode, but suddenly Cas is kissing Dean and wow, this is a good first kiss. Dean kisses back, and only smiles against Cas’ lips when the light bulbs in the room shatter with a loud bang.
“Told you, they would get together before midnight! You owe me 10 bucks!”
“No idea, but there’s no way I’m letting you do it with a hooker. You might end up with an STD, for all we know,” the hunter exclaims, drowning another drink. He might not have any idea if angels can actually get STDs, but it’s a risk he’s not willing to take.
Before he can put his mouth back on Cas, the angel pulls his face upwards. His breath tingles against Dean’s lips, before he kisses him again. The kiss feels softer and sweeter than before, and it sends shivers down Dean’s entire body. He can feel Cas’s hands graze across his body, halting at the hem of his underwear. Dean just nods as an answer. His friend doesn’t hesitate, as he pulls the boxers down, freeing a throbbing erection.
His little brother smiles sadly at him. “How long have you known?”
“Hello Sam, Dea-“
“Don’t want us to get interrupted…,” he murmurs while tracing wet kisses all over Dean’s neck.
“I’ve got one minute to change trains,” he sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Too damn long,” Dean jokes under his breath, but loud enough for several heads to turn in his direction. Maybe he had a beer too much, but watching Sam and Cas acting in love isn’t a thing he can handle sober.
“Maybe one of us could team up with Mom?” Dean suggests but cringes once the words leave his mouth. “Urgh, never mind. I’m not very strong on the Oedipus thing.”
“Sorry for the way I acted earlier, it was just for show,” Sam says when he passes the beer over to the couple. “I’m actually glad you two finally figured things out.”
“What changed?” the Father inquires curiously.
And he’s totally going to do that.
It's silent again and Dean focuses on the weird pattern on his toast. Seems like they’ve got to buy a new one. For a second he imagines breakfast dates with Castiel and his heart grows heavy again. Life with Cas was just – better. Having Cas in his life was laughter over stupid jokes, and long night drives and cozy movie nights, where Dean would fall asleep halfway though the movie and Cas would always cover him with a blanket. But life without Cas was as empty as being dead.
Yeah, very familiar, Dean thinks and let’s out a sigh. Castiel was always by his side, a life without him felt impossible. Love crept up at Dean and hit him without even noticing. He had lost Cas around a dozen times now, and each loss hurt more than the last one.
The thought crosses Dean every now so often. He remembers how John used to talk about gay people, and it still hurts almost 20 years later. But then again, his Dad would have hated a lot of things that became normal for him
When they drive at night, Cas will sometimes catch a glimpse of the star constellations. He still recalls how some angels cursed God’s decision to also assign stars to humans, thinking only angels were holy enough for such a thing. But whenever Cas catches sight of Dean’s eyes light up with joy – what could be more holy than this?
“I’m not forcing him to do anything. I’m just asking him to take one for the team, and it’s not like having sex would be the worst experience in the world for him.”
“Don’t do this, Cas”
Cas doesn’t even try to hide the sharpness in his voice. They haven’t seen each other in ages, and this is the first thing Gabriel wants to talk about? Gabriel looks at him with raised eyebrows, as if his intention is obvious.
You really thought I'd write a whole story about Dean kissing and making out with other men, without giving you some Destiel in the end?
Tyler's business card is still in one of his drawers, neatly tucked away behind some old shirts. Sometimes, Dean looks at it, but he never calls. As a demon, he did a lot of things he regretted. His bathroom-adventure with Tyler might not be one of those, but he still tries to forget those months of his life. They still haunt him in nightmares and calling the guy would feel like a flashback to those times.
This must be the tenth time or so i wrote about the scene in 15x18, and I still got many more coming...This song made me think so much about Dean, I'm not even sorry. It's a short one, but I think it holds a lot of weight.
crosses Dean’s mind. He is just about to turn around and leave, when the door opens, and a young man walks out. He is around Dean’s age and doesn’t even notice the hunter, until they crash together.
. It takes him several deep breaths to finally stop shaking, but the dream leaves him uneasy.
Finally, the truth is out.
I kinda wish this turned out differently, but it's been such a stressful time lately and I am just glad to upload something again :)
Why the hell should he even have to come out? It’s not like he has a boyfriend. Absolutely nothing would change after coming out, so why even bother? And after all, how would he know he is truly bisexual? Dean has slept with many women in his lifetime, but only with two men. That surely sounds more like an experimental phase than a whole sexuality. If he came out as bisexual, people would probably think he is faking it for attention. Shit, even Dean thinks he is faking it sometimes, but that makes even less sense. How could he fake it for attention and keep it secret at all costs at the same time?
This is the end of my OCs, from now on only known characters.
“Please, don’t,” Dean whispers and Cas doesn’t argue. Of course, Dean doesn’t want to see him, Castiel suddenly realizes. He probably doesn’t even think of Castiel when they kiss, imaging himself with someone completely else. Cas just a distraction for Dean, the same way the ex-angel drowns himself in women and drugs. And yet, he takes what he can get. When he cups Dean’s cheeks, he realizes they are wet. When was the last time he saw Dean cry? It doesn’t matter, Cas decides, as he presses gentle kisses upon his cheeks.
The guy laughs, his rough voice echoing in Dean’s ears, before leaning over to him.
Castiel looks shocked, his mouth slightly opened. It honestly looks adorable, and Dean can’t help but laugh. Still smiling, he pulls the angel into a tight hug.
And then Dean tells him he can’t stay.
“Hello Dean,” he says, a bright smile on his lips. He looks happier than he did in years. “I’ve made some pie earlier, but don’t even think about eating it all. Sam and Eileen come over tonight”
“Your father or God?” Father McKenzie asks back.
“My real name is Tyler,” the other man says, before handing over a business card. Great, now Dean fucks people, who carry their own business cards in their suits. Or gets fucked by them. Same difference. Dean knows he won’t call, but he takes the card out of politeness. This dude still rocked his world, he owes him at least the hope of a repetition.
“You”
”?” Sam watches his brother with raised eyebrows, still laughing. “With two chicks or with another dude?”
There are a firm handshake and an awkward hug, but Dean is still smiling. It’s his seventeenth birthday today, and Dad promised him an amazing present. Part of him hopes he’ll get the Impala, but it seems too good to be true. But instead of car keys, John puts a paper file into his hands. Not really what Dean expected. He looks to his father with a confused look, and John gives him an encouraging smile.
“You are missing the most important part…”, Sam says and looks at his big brother.
Dean doesn’t even bother answering because Sam is already leaving the room again. When he wrote the bullet point, he thought about two ladies. But now, his mind wanders back to that night years ago that he spent with Marco. It was one of his favorite hookups of his life, and he surely would like another round of that. And after all, he is checking out soon, so no pressure to think about it too much. Hell, Sam would probably even drive him to a gay bar if he put it on his bucket list. A sad smile flashes over Dean’s face
“Well, Mazel Tov to you guys then,” Dean mutters, more to himself than to the other men. They don’t even look at him when he leaves the room behind.
They head to the motel in silence, the music filling in the empty space between them. The closer Dean gets to the nearby motel, the more anxious he gets. What the hell was he thinking? Part of him just wants to blow the whole thing off, but he knows he can’t. Not only would it be shitty of him to break his promise, but it would be impossible to find a suitable match for Castiel tonight.
“Sure…I’m Dean, by the way”
“Who was he?”
“Don’t worry, that’s what friends are for,” Dean exclaims, clinking their bottles together with a grin. “So, let’s see what the place has to offer.”
He is surprised how many results come up. The first place looks actually decent, while the other bars seem like glimpses into hell. No way he would ever set foot in such a place. But the first one…Dean decides to go. There’s nothing wrong with a straight guy going to a gay bar to have a beer.
They don’t pay any attention to Beth, who silently snaps a picture of them from the outside. It feels like the ultimate proof those two are actually having an affair; why else would they meet up in a diner during Castiel’s work hours? She can’t help but grin, as she sends the picture to her friends.
“And before you left, you said…you said all those great things about me. And I didn’t even say anything. I am so sorry for not saying anything, for just letting you sacrifice yourself for me and not even thanking you for it…”
“His name was David- or Daniel – maybe Damian?” Truth to be told, Cas doesn’t remember. So many people, so many bodies, so many names. They’ve all blurred together in his tiny human brain. In the end, they’re all just distractions, warm bodies to pass the time with. He just remembers that said guy ended up infected only a few days later. “Doesn’t matter, he’s dead.”
The words sputter out of him before he can stop them. He thought about his sexuality ever since Cas got taken by the Empty. Maybe this question already haunted him all his life. He thinks about Dr. Sexy, about Benny, and even about that one dude from high school he had to kiss during Truth or Dare. And he thinks about Cas. Always about Cas… Dean feels the bed dip next to him and finally takes the courage to look at Charlie. She smiles gently at the hunter.
Some angels try to find meaning in their placement in the night sky, but Castiel was never interested in it. In the end, he always considered them to be fantasies to pass the time. Why would he ever wear a crown, only to throw it away happily? It didn’t seem logical to him back then. But here and now, where is he sitting with Dean on the hood of the Impala in the middle of the night, it all seems to make sense.
“Please tell me your stupid charade is at least getting you somewhere,” Dean groans, once Cas is settled in his seat across from him. They decided to meet up in a close diner to discuss their next steps, while Sam is hacking the public security cameras from their house. Dean refuses to call it their “home”, hating the implication it’s setting.
Dean takes a deep breath, looking over to the familiar blue eyes, and the truth slips easily over his tongue.
“That I’m gay”
“They seem nice enough, but I heard Sam is unemployed. He just sits around all day at home and waits for his Cassiel to come back home!” Jennifer complains with a deep sigh. It’s no secret she isn’t the biggest fan of the new couple, but even she can’t deny the quality of the served meatloaf at the housewarming.
Sam fills them in with the details of the last hours, and how he watched Jennifer leave her home in a panicked state. She packed a few bags, before driving away with screeching tires. Well, another case successfully solved. They talk for hours while laughing about stories and eating the leftovers from the party.
“Huh?”
“Your lover here barked up the wrong tree…And then he paid for it,” Alistair snarls, with a smug grin on his face. Dean feels sick; he doesn’t know if it’s real or if it’s another fantasy. There’s red blood splattered around him, but when Dean tries to rush to him, he is held back by an invisible force. Behind him, he can hear the demon laugh.
. And at this moment, Castiel thinks to himself, the phrase couldn’t be any truer.
“Don’t worry, you won’t go to hell for liking men”, Elliot whispers as they part.
“Bonded?”
Typical, Dean thinks. Castiels first thought was the safety of the hunter, not himself. As a human Castiel will grow old, get hurt and eventually die. That thought frightens Dean and he slightly shakes his head to get rid of it.
Dean is left to answer, but his mind goes blank.
Cas looks beautiful, Dean notices as he watches his best friend talking to his guests. He’s wearing a light blue dress shirt and a pair of dark jeans, and Dean makes a mental note to thank his brother for finally getting Cas out of his usual outfit. Then he remembers it means Sam took Cas shopping at some point, and Dean’s gratitude turns sour in his mouth.
When he opens his eyes, all he sees is purple. The room seems to be painted in the color, reflecting on every surface possible. And in the middle of it all stands Jennifer, glaring at them with violet and angry eyes.
Castiel’s arm wraps tightly around Dean, cuddling him a solid embrace. Their faces are only inches apart, trading lazy kisses until Dean grows too tired to respond. He can still feel the soft press of lips against his forehead, as Cas whispers to him: “I’ll watch over you.”
When Dean comes near him, the angel wraps his arms around his torso and pulls him even closer. Once again, their lips meet in a kiss, growing more heated by the second. It’s with a sigh that Dean slowly pulls away again.
“We can’t be sure yet, but I bet something is going on. Dean surely looked rather unhappy every time he saw Sam touching his hubby. And Cas got some serious heart-eyes for his brother-in-law.”
Cas has felt the punch of disappointment several times over the years; he had no idea it would be so much more painful as a human. He should have seen this coming. Without his powers, he’s useless to the Winchesters. It was already kind enough of them to give him some clothes and food. He tries his best to keep his composure, as he leaves the bunker with a heavy heart. Dean’s gaze is prickling at his neck, but Cas doesn’t turn around.
Castiel releases an annoyed groan. “Can you just…you’re undermining this plan at every given opportunity, and Sam and I are getting worried you might risk the entire thing.”
“A few weeks ago, I also thought men weren’t your type. Seems like I was wrong…”
Kudos and comments make me the happiest person ever.
For you, who is reading this right now.
They drive several miles; the dark road winding ahead of them. Dean keeps tapping his fingers on the steering wheel along to the music, while he tries to hide his rising anxiety.
“I thought, we could take a little trip down memory lane today…,” Alistair purrs with a fake smile. Dean doesn’t answer. Whatever is coming next, won’t be nice. “Let’s talk about your boyfriends”
“Oh, poor Sam,” Tammy sighs, fiddling with her wedding ring. Being cheated on must be awful on its own, but having your husband fool around with your own brother? That’s a new level of tastelessness.
Dean can hear the people around them gasp a little. He wouldn’t be surprised if one of the elder people would end up with a heart attack due to all the fake drama being uncovered right now. Besides him, Cas draws in a deep breath, before speaking to his (fake) husband.
Before he can think twice about it, Cas finds himself sitting in the dark confession booth, while Father McKenzie takes place on the other side. Castiel never understood why humans found comfort in addressing their sins and asking God for forgiveness. God doesn’t care about them sleeping with their sister-in-law or stealing bread from a grocery store. But then again, God doesn’t even care about the big and awful things people do.
All Dean can do is cry.
“Absolutely,” Sam replies. “She was already one of our suspects due to some lucky incidents in the last few years, but when I was at her house, I clearly saw some witch supplies.”
The table is quiet once more. Everyone is pretty drunk at this point and Castiel seemingly forgot it’s his turn to ask. Dean can’t look away from him, while Cas looks everywhere but him. Charlie clears her throat.
“You alright?”, she asks, already knowing the answers. The Winchesters, and especially Dean, did not really talk about their feelings. She fully expects Dean to brush her off with a lame excuse, but finally he speaks.
Next thing he knows, there’s a steady hand on his back and he feels something big push inside of him. It probably should hurt, but Dean’s pain tolerance isn’t on a human scale anymore. Or the guy just knows what he is doing. It’s a moment until the push stops, and he just feels the pressure. Dean has to admit, there’s certainly an appeal to the whole thing.
“Hey Dean, were you ever in love? I know you had relationships, but were you ever truly in love?”, she asks. Charlie is one of those people, who get sad and lonely when they are drunk. She doesn’t mean harm, Dean knows it. But she might as well stabbed him; at least that would have hurt less. He holds his silence for a moment, while carefully rolling his liquor glass in his hands. Was he ever in love? Love is supposed to be this great thing, where you would die for someone, or fight against all of Hell to keep them save. People say, Love is greater than life itself, and if you love someone, you could never let them go. Love is keeping your partner safe and…
“How long are you two been together?”, she asks while handing out the menus. Dean almost chokes on his beer, but Castiel just gives the waitress a kind smile.
Dean shakes his head. All his life was black and white, not really a place for a middle ground. Dead or Alive. Monster or Human. Gay or Straight.
Nobody cares to comment about it, but Dean can see Castiel shift in his seat. The topic makes him obviously uncomfortable, but he tries to keep it cool. And Dean – Dean just drowns his liquor and pours himself another glass. They play some more rounds, until Jack is up again. Of course, he picks Castiel and when the former angel chooses Truth, Jack looks at him with big eyes.
Dean almost changes his mind, as he stands before the building. If it weren’t for the rainbow flag waving over the door, he never would have suspected it is a gay bar. He probably spends ten minutes pacing the few feet of sidewalk before the door, unable to enter it.
The voice of the waitress sounds shrill in the small diner and Dean actually jumps a little, when she appears at the table. She sets the single plate with pie in front of both of them, before giving each of the men a small fork.
No, Sammy can’t know about this.
“Okay”
. Dean thinks.
With no hesitation, Dean’s finger hooks into the grey boxers and pull them down in a fluid motion. The sight of Castiel’s hard dick shouldn’t be surprising, but it still leaves Dean breathless. It’s longer than his own, even though Dean is already more than well enough equipped. The head is swollen red, and the first hint of precum is smeared across it. There’s a short pause, in which Dean considers what to do next. Should he jerk him off? Or a blowjob? What if he tries to suck him, but chokes and the mood is completely lost?
All human emotions.
Everyone cheers when Cas pulls Dean in a kiss, marking the beginning of a new chapter. The rest of the evening passes in a blur: they dance, they sing, Sam proposes to Eileen, Claire and Kaia finally get together, and Dean and Cas once again find themselves fooling around in a closet. But it’s perfect in every way.
“Aren’t you supposed to be at work, Cas?” Beth asks, an obnoxious tone hidden under her sweetly sick smile. Right, Dean remembers, they told everyone Cas works at the library. Good enough of an excuse to spend their time there.
“Cas?”, Dean asks smiling. “I dare you to kiss me”
If he hadn’t acted like a child, he might have been the one standing beside Cas at that moment. He would have been the one holding his hand, laughing at his jokes, and maybe even pressing soft kisses on Castiel’s cheek. Nobody would even question their act, he’s sure of that. And then his mind kept wandering, back to the memory of Cas showing off his kissing skills. Except now it wasn’t Meg, but himself getting pinned against the wall.
“I love you. I love you. I lov-“
“That can’t be.” It’s Tammy’s turn to speak now. “I saw him the next day with a blonde woman in front of the house”
“What the hell just happened?”
Five months later, he kisses Daniel.
“Oh, okay. Nevermind.” A blonde in a low-cut shirt catches his sight next. He nods his head towards her, while keeping his eyes on his friend. “At 11 o’clock, blonde hair, black shirt. She seems nice.”
He is still smiling as Castiel finally closes the gap between them.
“Don’t worry, Dean. I’ll watch over you,” Cas whispers and it’s the last thing Dean hears before slipping into sleep. He doesn’t feel the trenchcoat gently being laid over his body, or how his head later settles on Castiel’s shoulder. Dean may hate taking the train, but this journey turned out to be one of his best yet.
After defeating Chuck, Dean barely slept, just spending his days drinking or researching a way to get Cas out of the Empty. And sometimes, not often, he would cry. The tears would creep up on him and before he could even notice, his breath was shaken up by sobs. Sam had tried to talk to him, but Dean rather found comfort in his liquor bottles. Or in books so old, sometimes pages would crumble under his shaking hands. He already read so many books, but none of them even mentioned the Empty. This doesn’t either, but the spell still sound like something.
“I dare you to text Eileen a love poem”
It’s shortly after 2am and Dean finally found what he’s been looking for all this time…
“Welcome to Sunday Brunch, Agnes,” Sarah announces, as the women settle down at her dinner table. It’s been a while since they had another brunch, but it was long-awaited. Today, a new face sits at the table with them.
“Forgive me, Fa - Why should he forgive me? He doesn’t care about me.” The words escape from Castiel’s throat before he can stop them. No one has seen God in millions of years; a confession in a small church in Utah won’t make any difference in that. For a moment Castiel wonders if he has offended the profoundly religious man, but the priest doesn’t seem surprised.
The suggestion takes Dean by surprise. Cas wants to go to a brothel? With a sigh, Dean remembers the last time they visited a place like that, and how uncomfortable Cas was. In hindsight, it might’ve been just gay panic. Are there even male prostitutes, who sleep with other men? Dean is sure they exist, but he has no idea where they would get one in the middle of Kansas on a Thursday night.
“Hope you put on your running shoes,” the other man jokes, and Dean shoots him a quick smile. They are both in suits, the stranger is even wearing a trenchcoat over it. Not exactly workout clothing, but it’ll have to do.
“Oh, sorry…Did you want to go in? It’s not really a good night, mostly old dudes and bears…I mean, except you are into that”
“Sammy? I don’t want to hunt anymore”, Dean says quietly, during his night in the hospital. His younger brother just nods and gives him a weak smile.
“So, for this bonding ritual…Are there any necessities for it to count?” Dean asks, trying to sound as calm as possible. He has a different question in mind, but he knows it’s inappropriate.
As a hunter, Dean always tries to keep his cases far away from him. If he thinks about them too much, about his regrets, he’d go mad. That’s at least what he told himself a hundred times before. And yet, some cases he can’t forget.
Charlie nods slowly beside him, her hand holding onto his arm. “Sounds familiar?”, she asks, smiling sadly.
“Cas, buddy, that’s really not…,” Dean starts, but the angel is already halfway out of his seat and striding in confident steps towards the bar. Dean is left to watch the scene from their table, waiting for the outcome of the situation. He expects the guy to throw his drink into Castiel’s face, or to slap him. Or at least make a disgruntled face. But the guy just laughs with all his heart, before holding out his hand for Cas to shake.
“I’ve never done this before, how do I…,” Cas stutters, when the silence between them stretches on. He doesn’t even know which sins he could confess. It’s not that he’s free of sin; it’s more an issue of explaining to a human priest how he set Leviathans free on earth.
Dean happily agrees as Cas leads them away from the central station. He knows the owner, he tells him on the way, and they spend the next hours just talking about their lives. They almost miss the next train too, both of them too invested in their conversation. The sun is slowly setting at the horizon, and once settled in the comfortable chairs of the train, Dean can feel himself grow tired. Cas sits next to him, a magazine about what appears to be bugs in his lap.
The drive to the motel is rather short, and soon enough, Dean unlocks the door to his room. Luckily, he had booked a room with a king-size bed. He rarely had a room for himself during hunts, so he had decided to enjoy that. Cas closes the door behind them, while Dean strips out of his flannel and his jeans. He’s still wearing a shirt and his boxers, but compared to a fully dressed Castiel, he almost looks naked.
