“Like I said, Bobby desgined it.” Dean shrugged. “And actually, all the rooms are this big and have their own bathrooms and such. I made sure of that, if I was getting my own floor for my family, then the rest of the rooms better be that same size as mine. And all the walk in closets are lager than standart so omegas or whoever else can make nests when they need it.”
“What the hell?” Dean asked no one, eyeing the bloodied version of himself as the rift closed in on itself.
First, there was Benny.
“You can’t stop me.” Dean shook his head. “No one could. But either way, now I can’t let you out of my sight. Not with Heaven and Hell on your ass again. I won’t let them touch you.”
There was still no answer.
“Hey, little man.” Dean smiled, scooping the boy up and holding him at eye level.
“I just do.” she giggled. "I feel it… do you want to feel it?"
“Sam and I are the perfect matchmakers.” he laughed once at dinner, eyeing the two.
He got a round of growls and hoots in agreement.
Roaring, he pulled out his phone.
“At least you’d still be you.” she spat back.
“Patients, Winchester.” She told him. “Now, Ah aam gowin tae say th’ spell ‘at weel place th’ mark back oan Cain. When it es done yur gowin tae ha’e tae exit th’ demon trap as quick as ye can. It’s gowin tae ha’e quite th’ backlash.”
“And that would be?”
“Didn’t do much.” Adam shrugged.
“So you can’t even do that spell until she is born?” Cas hissed looking at the brothers. “She is not to be trusted, she just wants our baby like the others. She wants to take her and use her for her gain.”
“He is still your son.” Cas roared, the room shaking with her power. “Your child.”
“That is not what this is about!” Cas exclaimed, getting closer to the alpha. “You were so good, you waited for me and now I’m telling you that your wait is over. So why are you even fighting this.”
Last chapter is here.
“You’re gonna wish you hadn't done that.” he sighed.
It was her heart.
“Say it one more time and I will.” he told her before quickly ducking his head and pressing his tongue into her folds.
“I always come when you call.” Cas smiled.
"Gabriel told me you were in Kansas." Dean told him, still staring at the pup awed and smiling wistfully. "A policewoman in my pack found you after that."
“I’m fine angel,” Dean assured her. “I know Sammy is looking for me, but I don’t want him to find me.”
“I told you to wait at the hotel.” Micheal sighed as they walked up the drive.
“I don't have time.” Dean yawned. “Between school and the bar, I can focus long enough on what the narrator is saying to follow the story.”
“I don’t think he is.” Adam assured. “But we’ll see I guess.”
“Hey!” Sam interjected, rushing through the door. “What’s going on?”
“Son, you can’t-”
“I don’t know,” Dean admitted. “We could send her to Jody’s.”
Next chapter will be out next Sunday.
“Don’t look like that.” Adam shook his head. “I accepted the past a long time ago. I don’t like him particularly but I don’t hate him, he did come to visit now and then. Gave my mom some money and took me to a baseball game. But I don’t really know much about him.”
“You can’t do this.” Naomi snorted. “We’re your parents.”
“You didn’t know it was coming this time?”
Narrowing his eyes he readied himself for the onslaught that was coming his way.
Though he was afraid of her, he had mad respect for her and Bobby. They helped him and Sam through a lot during college. And kept John’s poison away from them.
And with that, they parted ways.
He wasn’t even in there for five minutes before he was back out and in the car.
“To make you an offer.” Dean assured him. “To tell you that there is a way for you to take the mark but never hurt anyone again. Hell, you might even be reunited with Colette.”
Cas smiled, pressing his brow to Dean’s, cupping his face to keep him close for this moment.
“You really believe that.” Chuck roared. “That alpha doesn’t need you anymore. He got what he wanted out of you. He has an heir to his pack.”
Dean snorted at that.
“Why don’t you just get audible?” Charlie asked, they had just beat a boss in another RPG together and were taking a breather.
“I have every fucking right!” Castiel roared. “You would have killed me back in Pontiac! You would have killed my pup. You never respected my decisions and saw me only as a cash-out once I was old enough to be mated off. I left your pack six years ago, and have been accepted into a new one. I am not leaving no matter what you say. And if you don’t leave now, my alpha has every right to take whatever action he deems necessary since you are trespassing.”
Intruding on that space was suicide, so instead, he leaned against the wall next to the closet door and slid down to the floor.
“They went to Kansas.” Gabe shrugged. “Said that if you were to ever settle down anywhere it would be there. He’s been waiting for you. So you better not keep him waiting any longer.”
“Fine, just get it over with.” Dean groaned.
“He is so good with her.” Bess smiled, sipping on the herbal tea Cas made. “He would be a great big brother.”
“Mom!” Jack cried as Cas came through the door.
“Maybe I can-” Jack started to offer, but Dean cut him off.
Dean looked from her to the barkeep, who sneered at him. He smiled back, a strained stretch of his lips, and looked back to Jo. He nodded.
Growling, Dean spun on his heel and marched down the drive to his car hearing the door slam behind him.
That got another chuckle from Sam.
“Cas?” Sam asked as he joined them.
“Yeah, is this Micheal?”
“You want to kill your son?” Cas growled. “What kind of mother wants to kill their own child.”
“Then why are you here.” Cain hissed.
“You don’t have a choice.” uncapping the vial, he pressed himself against her fully pressing her harshly into the wall and gripping her chin so she had no choice to open her mouth. “There we go.”
Smirking, he pushed the door open and called out to his mate- his mate, gods was he beyond happy to call Cas that.
“Where should we start?” Sam asked, looking around.
“You heard me.” Dean murmured, the tears finally breaking free.
“There is a record of an omega living there going by the name of Clarence, he works in a convenience store. I’ve already looked up directions.”
Turning Dean found that Cas had fallen to her knees and was clutching her stomach as her eyes blink between her sky blue to glowing grace as their daughter clung to her side, tears streaming down her face.
“What did he do?” Dean asked again, reigning in his alpha.
“It’s our best chance Cas.” Dean reassured her. “She knows the magik to keep the angels and demons away from our daughter. And she can get this thing off me.”
“Your right.” Micheal agreed. “I’m sorry, like I said old habits.”
This would start to be a thing with them. She would come by the bar and when he was cleaning she’d start reading. Ellen put up with it because Dean worked faster when he focused on the story. After a while, Dorothy started showing up, and when Dean was busy with customers she would keep Charlie company. It didn’t take long for them to bond over books they’ve read and soon enough start dating, then mate.
And then he thought of the motel room. The floor and walls probably stained and tacky with drying blood. That is, if someone hadn't found him yet. And Cas... His head in a box a hundred and fifty yards away, his body in a motel, just lying there, like some worthless, lowlife monster that Dean and Sam hunted every day. And no matter what, they at least always gave the monsters a burial of sorts. They didn't just leave the body there like- like-
“Rough hunt? Sorry, it sounded easy for you two.”
"You stay here with him," Sam said. "I'll go check it out."
Dean would have laughed if he hadn’t felt bad about making Cas self-conscious. First heats were hard enough without worrying about the inevitable mess you might be making.
“I, uh, went through a bee phase. Stupid, I know,” he said, laughing, but it sounded forced. Dean smiled softly at Castiel, admiring the omega.
Christmas truly is a peculiar holiday, making Dean Winchester as happy as he is right now.
“Hey, you,” He murmured, cold lips ghosting over the shell of Cas’ ear as the seraph shivered. “How’s family bonding time been?” He jokingly asked and Cas rolled his eyes.
Their tongues danced together and Gabriel pressed as close as he could into the alpha, Sam reciprocating. But before things could get more heated however, there was a sharp knock on the door into the bathroom.
And then the alpha left, Sam shaking with fright and shock, still trying to process things, and Dean shaking with rage. Dean had been an early bloomer, and had presented as an alpha a mere week before. Sam was sure that if he hadn’t been around, Dean would’ve jumped right into the fray, defending his parents to the best of his ability and gotten himself killed, too.
“It’s true, and you should be.” Dean blinks at that.
——————————
“What about Jack?” Cas asked after a second, craning his neck around to try and look for the Nephilim. Dean shrugged.
“Boss wants you,” he told Sam, “In his office, now. Don’t be late.” Then he walked off. Sam blinked. Alastair never wanted to see him, and the last time he had talked to the beta had been years ago. Knowing better than to keep the man waiting, Sam made his way hurriedly to Alastair's office, still clutching his pail and brush.
“Hmm?” Came the sleepy reply.
“Come in,” Chuck's tired voice sounded from behind the large mahogany door. Gabriel nervously entered, reciting his plan in his head. He was taken by surprise, however, when Chuck saw who it was that entered his study and smiled.
Risking a chance, Gabriel cleared his throat and softly asked “Kevin?” He heard a bit of shuffling, then:
“Thanks,” He said and Alex nodded back at him.
Gabriel and Castiel managed to stay hidden from all eyes for eight entire years, changing their last names to Novak, Gabriel making money by playing pool and selling the artifacts he had stolen from the Shurley Estate. For eight entire years, the brothers were happy, moving from town to town and only staying in one spot for three months at the latest.
“So then when we escaped…” Sam started, a thoughtful look on his face.
Castiel hummed, patting the snow in front of him firmly as he packed the fluffy white stuff into a ball. Dean sat cross-legged across from him, also molding snow to the best of his ability. “Why are we doing this again?” He asked, voice more amused than frustrated. Cas answered happily.
“Just, let me finish?” He asked, frustrated. “Anyway, if it
I am going to shoot you both, I swear to motherfucking god!” Cas and Dean stared at him in shock. Gabe continued ranting. “I am going to go,
he had insisted. And the first time, since in Castiel's mind, his older brother could not tell a lie, he believed him. But Cas hasn’t missed the way that Michael had glanced at his brother with a smug look when they were out in the gardens, Cas doing his best to tape up his brothers ribs, not understanding why Gabriel didn’t want to go to the hospital.
Ugly Sweaters
“Dean, I don’t get it,” He said, turning to his boyfriend. “What is the point of making cookies again?” Dean, who had been talking with Jack, jogged forward to stand next to his angel.
Sam frowned, looking down at the sucker and then turning to try and catch Gabe’s eyes as the omega looked down at his lap, frowning. “Hey,” He said softly, looking worried. “You okay?” Gabe took a deep breath before looking up to meet Sam’s eyes, smiling as cockily as he could manage.
“Shush, you two,” Castiel whisper-yelled over to them, keeping a tight grip on Jack’s hand. The six-year-old was smiling, chest puffed out.
Feel free to tell me what you think!
“What do you think?” He asked, frowning slightly. Everyone turned to examine the mantle, and after a second nodded.
Sam let out an anxious breath, fiddling with his tie in one of the mirrors of the court house bathrooms. “How in the hell…” He started, and a soft laugh was let out behind him. He turned around quickly to meet eyes with Gabriel, who was staring at him with an amused look on his face.
I'm aware this doesn't really focus on what happened to Sam and Gabe like how I wrote the destiel epilogue, but I had a couple of ideas in mind for what I wanted to do for the sequels and this was my favorite option.
Feel free to tell me what you think!
_____________________________________
“No.” Dean froze, eyes wide and worried.
Gabriel is acting… weird. Which is honestly very confusing and stressful to Cas, because Gabe is his safety net, and his safety net is acting like a corgi that simultaneously is having a sugar crash and a caffeine high.
At some point, Cas’ hands had found his, and the warmth of the omega seemed to be slowly seeping into his arm, warming the rest of him up. Cas seemed unaware of this, and instead was tugging him through the woods, Gabriel leading the way and the brothers talked quickly, filling each other in on what the other had missed.
“What was that for?” He murmured, staring into the older Winchester’s green eyes. His husband merely shrugged, pressing another quick kiss to Cas’ cheek before pulling away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I would love to watch a chick-flick movie with you, Castiel,” He muttered but smiled when Cas beamed.
“Trying to erase the hellish image of what we just walked in on from my mind,” He muttered and Cas rolled his eyes but grinned at the man in front of him.
But he was briefly aware of his brother's voice calling out his name, sounding from thousands of miles away.
Cas pushed gently on the door to his and Dean’s shared bedroom, slipping into the dark room before quietly shutting it behind him, making his way blindly to the middle of the room.
Stuck between the indecisive panic of running away, like his brother told him to, or helping Dean fight Ruby, it was decided for Sam when the female alpha stalked forward to grab him, and Dean leaped in between them with more speed than Sam thought possible, tackling Ruby and both of them hitting the ground.
“It’s just...It’s good to see you so happy,” He says, leaning his head on top of Castiel’s. “How did I get so lucky?” Cas shrugs, blue eyes adoring.
“Cas?”
So happy holidays, and… wear your seatbelts?
“I almost can’t believe it,” He said breathlessly. Dean smiled at him.
“Okay.”
Cas was watching Dean with his head tilted slightly to the side, frowning softly. He was thinking deeply about something, but Gabe had no clue what. So, pretty much everyday of his life.
“Gabriel.” Awkwardly yet gently, Sam to his hand and quickly shook it, and Gabriel could feel the rough calluses that coated his palms. Then the alpha let go and stumbled to his feet, waving awkwardly again as a goodbye. Gabriel waved back.
I know this is kinda short and kinda sucks, but honestly I’m just spitballing and hoping for the best.
“Yeah, all the tension is killing me.” He said.
“No, it’s not your fault. I just…” Cas trailed off. During training, Casey had told him that they were going to try ‘something new.’
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have to try,” Dean piped in hoarsely. “We have to.” Gabe took a deep breath before nodding.
-Apple
“Okay? You somehow managed to escape—”
Cas, who was now flush against Dean's chest, glared at him, pulling away but keeping one of his hands tight on Dean's side, frowning at the blood-soaked fabric that resided there.
“You ain’t allowed to touch omegas, remember? Not after what you did to the last one. Keep your hands off this one.” He growled. Thing Two scoffed, but Gabe could tell he was nervous.
“Two ways,” Singer began, inspecting his shotgun. “One, we purchase ‘em. Nurse them back to health, the whole shebang. Two, we break them out. Call Alastair, keep him busy, give him a fake call on loose omegas, whatever.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You should paint on me more often,” he told him, voice rough. Cas’ smile could have lit up heaven.
Feel free to tell me what you think!
Cas hears a sickening crack and looks over for a split second to see Gabriel holding a heavy vase over the second masked man, who was crumpled on the floor. He met Gabe's eyes for no more than a moment and was then jolted back to the present by his left shoulder being jolted painfully out of its socket by the man on top of him.
Suddenly the door to room six opened. An older man in a white tank top and grey sweats stood in the doorway, looking bewilderingly at Dean, then Sam. He finally spoke.
"I love you."
Sam’s response came within 30 seconds.
colouring his voice. His eyes locked on Dean’s, watching him nervously. Dean held up his hands, leaning away from the bed.
“No funny business, I promise,” Dean said quickly, hoping Castiel hadn’t misinterpreted his offer. “It just... it doesn’t seem right to leave you like this.”
“Cas...” he said, his voice barely above a whisper. “Is this okay?”
The moose was still there, drool and Scabble pieces sticking to his face while he snored away, blissfully unaware of what was happening on the bed not five feet away.
“You got a problem?” Sam demanded, eyes blazing with barely restrained fury. The other man quickly shook his head.
The tears Dean had been trying so hard to hold back fell with a choked sob. Cas didn't want to keep talking and hurt Dean more, but he had to get this out.
He sees the guilt flash across Castiel’s face as what he’s saying sets in. After Dean had to see Alistair again. After Castiel asked him to pick up a blade again. After Alistair broke free and almost killed them all.
“Hot,” Cas groaned. “Tired. Hungry.”
Dean would rather be looking for monsters in a sewer than here with Sam interrogating him.
“I'm saying, there is nothing either of you can do, so don't try.”
Dean stepped outside the bedroom and pulled the door closed behind him. While he scrolled through his contacts, he moved down the hall so Castiel wouldn’t overhear his side of the conversation. He wasn’t sure how this would go, and he didn’t want to accidentally upset the omega any further.
Being human for a year now, Castiel was becoming more familiar with everyday human speech. He was getting pretty good at following along without becoming confused, and where he would have normally been literal, he now knew what was really being said and asked.
He and Sam were trying to play cards since the Wi-Fi and cable weren’t working at the motel, but Dean was having a hell of a time focusing. He wasn’t even returning Sam’s playful taunting. When he couldn’t even get through a game of crazy 8’s without throwing unplayable cards, Sam finally had enough of waiting for his brother to say something first.
When Dean started to whine, sounding desperate for more, Cas gave one last kiss that caused his hips to jump, before pulling away.
“Tell me- you tell me that's not true. That's not true.” Dean begged, his mind still trying to cling to the faint hope that the shifter was lying, even though he had no reason to. And that whatever was in the box most certainly wasn't the head of the angel who had changed everything in his life for the better.
Dean never forgot that.
He doesn’t refuse to talk to Dean, but he gives clipped, brief answers to Dean’s attempts at conversation. He won’t be charmed into letting go of last night’s conversation.
“No!” Cas yelped, honest to god
“Hey, no need to be sorry, just... is this normal?”
Dean nodded.
“Me and Cas were a...ah, well...we were together, if that's what you mean.”
Dean slid into the car and fired it up. The engine eventually screeched to life, as if protesting the very idea. Dean missed driving the Impala. He missed the deep growl and steady hum of her engine on the highway. Her throaty, challenging growl as she idled down, the one that made soccer moms lock their doors and look the other way when he pulled up next to them at a red light.
"Aren't you gonna do something about this? He assaulted me!"
Dean nodded, trying to keep his face as neutral as possible so Cas wouldn’t think he was freaking out. Which he wasn’t, mostly. He was definitely going to see if the bunker library had anything on angel heats later, though.
That may have been the closest thing to embarrassment Sam had ever heard from the angel. It was too dark in the truck t tell, but Sam thought Cas might have even blushed a little.
Sam didn't care. He leaned back against the kitchen table and crossed his arms. He was frustrated that Dean was keeping something from him right after they discussed how keeping things from each other always made the situation worse, no matter what. They were supposed to be a team here.
Dean wakes up then, and his throat is sore like he’s been crying in his sleep. Nausea swirls in his stomach, and when he sits up, he realizes he’s sweat right through his shirt and into the sheets.
“Okay, alright. Is there an alpha angel you trust enough to call?”
Within seconds, Dean found himself inches away from the man he'd almost forgotten about, his blade raise and pushed against the man's throat. Vaguely, he heard the man talking, as if pleading. He was sure it was directed at him, but it didn't matter, because he couldn't distinguish any meaning from the noises being made, and he didn't care enough to wait around and find out. He was going to end the awful noise of blood rushing and a scared heart pounding with adrenalin and nonsense noises that meant nothing to him.
“Just say horny, Cas.”
Dean’s heart lept into his throat, but he tried to get his emotions under control before he started to smell sad. It would just confuse Cas and upset him more. Instead, he moved the plate of sandwiches to the nightstand and shuffled over until he could gently pull Cas into his arms.
But there was no time to dwell on that now, for Alastair was gesturing to two chairs in front of his desk, still grinning like a mad man.
“Which is…?”
He had to hand it to Dean, the alpha had some rather brilliant ideas. Since, according to Jody, it was too risky going into town and risking getting caught, they were prohibited from leaving Singers Salvage until the court case, which will take place sometime next week, according to Pamela Barnes.
Feel free to tell me what you think, and see you on Wednesday!
“Sammy, I know we put Amy behind us! Will you just drop it? I said I will deal with it myself!”
It had been weird at first, but months later, Sam just nodded when Dean told him to get two motel rooms for the night. He thought it was nice that his brother had someone and was happy. Sam smiled, he still wasn't sure he would ever get used to his brother telling women who gave him their phone number that he was taken.
“I see you made a nest while I was gone.”
Regret hangs over Cas like a wet blanket. In some ways, he still sees Dean as his charge, his mission to protect. When he feels he’s failed, he’s extra hard on himself.
The band stayed on for about two more hours before they did their final song, Bon Jovi's "It's My Life".
The girl, her name tag said Beth, was about to tell Dean to leave, but she hesitated. For the first time since he came in, she really looked him over. He looked like he hadn't slept well in months, he had dark circles under his eyes and slouched and wobbled a little even when he stood. He looked sad and angry and confused all at the same time, but there was also something about him that she couldn't quite place. Beth only hesitated a moment longer before she grabbed a shot glass and a bottle from under the counter.
“After I fell... I didn’t enjoy the effect my scent had on others. It drew unwanted attention, and I didn’t always feel safe. I thought it would be easier if others just thought I was a beta. I bought the deodorant while I was still homeless, and another omega gave me the soap. I liked them both, so I kept using them.”
Dean hugged Cas closer to his chest, feeling the heat radiating off the former angel, even through both their shirts. The temperature concerned him a little. Castiel seemed perfectly lucid, just tired, but he had to be feeling the effects of staying so warm for so long.
Castiel’s falling was less violent and physical than Dean had imagined. Years ago, Anna had impressed him when she told him how she’d ripped her grace from her body and plummeted to Earth. But imaging Cas doing the same was upsetting. How would he even survive that?
,” Castiel said, and for a moment his voice took on all the strength he’d possessed as an angel. But behind it, Dean heard the fear.
That didn’t sit right with Dean at all. Castiel was clearly suffering, and the idea of him doing this alone for millennia was just too sad.
No answer.
"Cas? You okay?"
Dean would love to stay like this for hours. Feeling Castiel’s arms around him, enjoying languid kisses after days of feeling so distant, but he is too tired. He can tell Castiel is mere minutes from falling asleep too.
“Cas, you didn’t abuse me.”
Oh. Cas went on.
Dean dipped his head down until he could nuzzle at Cas’s neck, running his nose and lips over the spot that his alpha wanted to bite. He felt Cas shudder against him, breathing suddenly ragged, but his smell was all happy omega, so Dean kept going. He kissed and nibbled at that spot a little more firmly. Not anywhere near enough to leave a mark, but enough to tease Cas’s mating instincts.
They spent most nights curled up on Dean’s bed watching a movie or two. They took turns on that too. Dean showed Cas Indiana Jones, Star Wars, several westerns, and Jurassic Park. Castiel enjoyed it enough that he picked the next one in the series when it was his turn. Though he mentioned several times that dinosaurs did not sound or look the same in actual life as they did in the movie. That turned into a three-hour series of questions from Dean about the prehistoric animals.
“I understand why you did it,” Sam said easily, never looking up from organizing the trunk. “Why you killed Amy. You were right, if it had been any other monster, I would have ganked her too.”
“Okay, I can understand that. But why didn’t you tell me?”
Whatever Sam was going to say, Dean didn’t want to hear it. In fact, having another alpha try to tell him what to do right now was a bad idea. Sam knew this and didn’t grab him or talk him down. He just lent his presence.
And because Sam was a
Dean made his way deeper into the room, shutting the door behind him. He noticed another smell now, one he was sure couldn’t be there. His brain must be playing tricks on him, because there was no way, no reason, for Cas’s room to stink like sex.
“Don’t ask me how I know this, but... there are toys that could probably simulate that. A knot, I mean. If you wanted.”
“Girly.” Eileen smiled, taking a seat next to her niece and beginning a sign-off with her.
Sam was pushing now, and Dean knew he was doing it with the full understanding that his older brother might just lash out with a fist.
Looking at the rip and Chuck’s unconscious form he made the quick decision to tie the amulet back into place, grab El’s blankie from Cas’s limp hands and jump through the rip.
It was then that Dean realized that Sam was leaning as far from him as possible and the window was cracked. It had been a long time since he lost control of his sent output like that. It was this worried tang mixed with anticipating musk.
Six years have passed, did he even know Dean anymore?
“Not much.” Adam shrugged. “I know he was a bounty hunter, and he came to town when a pack of alphas were going around taking and attacking omegas and killing betas. He saved mom from them, but she was in heat, so he… helped her with it, and then ten months later I was born.”
“She isn’t just a child.” alternate Dean shook his head. “She is mine and Cas’s.”
Through their fire fighting, Dean and Benny met and drew in the two alpha cops. Donna and Jody were amazing women and ran their stations- the two towns right next to each other, and on either side of the pack lands- like a tight ship. No bullshit around them, despite Donna’s sunny disposition. They had adopted a couple of orphaned pups that were all little firecrackers themselves. Alex an omega was first, then Clair, alpha, then Patients a beta, and lastly Kaya an omega. Dean had taken every one of them under his wing as his own pups, whether they liked it or not. Clair fought it the longest. But now she would come to him whenever she couldn’t go to Jody or Donna. Dean always listened to her more or less childish whining and offered his two cents. This often ended in him taking her mini-golfing. Donna and Jody weren't mates. But they had both lost their actual mates before meeting the pack and found solidarity in each other. They were partners in both the force and in parenting, though loved each other like sisters rather than mates. It was a sweet balance that Dean and Sam often turned to when they missed their mom.
“Leave her alone.” Dean groaned around a mouthful of blood.
“I’ll try.” Cas told him letting his hand hover over the other Dean’s face.
“You shut the hell up.” Cas growled. “I don’t know who the hell you think you are, or what you thought you were going to accomplish coming here but let me make myself clear. I am mated to the pack alpha of the Winchester pack, Dean Winchester, I have no connection to the Novak pack other than they are blood. My parents have no say in my life and you are just some pathetic alpha who needs to get a head scan. Now, you are going to go back to my parents and tell them that Dean and I want to see them. This needs to end, so tell them to come to the pack lands around five and we’ll be waiting. Do you understand?”
I also have another fic about Destiel but this one is about that last episode and Dean and Cas meeting at the end, its call WELCOME HOME, DEAN WINCHESTER if you interested please give it a read.
“Dean, Micheal wants to talk.” Adam said, skipping the pleasantries.
“Where am I?” she echoed, clueless. “Dean, where are you? Sam has been looking for you. You vanished after the fight with Metatron. Are you alright?”
“Maybe she has a spell that will knock him out.” Sam shrugged. “Lock him in a dream world or something.”
Please feel free to leave a review or cretic to let me know how it was.
“Can’t you let me have this?” Dean sighed. “I can’t even have a proper vow ceremony because we’re still waiting for psycho-rents to come knocking on the door. Just let me bask in the afterglow of finally connecting with my mate.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas cocked his head letting that little bit of information sink in. All this time they were so close. In the same state anyway.
“Dean.” she whimpered, tearing up as she looked back at him. “How?”
“Of course he would pick there.” Dean snorted.
“Do it.” Dean told him.
They all froze at the small voice. Staring wide-eyed and terrified at the little girl who was looking up blurrily at Cas. Were they gonna have to explain to her that they weren’t her real family? How would she react to that? What do they do?
Soon enough, a woman came to the door. Dean recognized her. She was the head of the Novak pack, Naomi, the female alpha, and the tyrant of the pack.
A deep alpha growl that demanded obedience.
“Yes.” Jack chirped.
“No.”
“Sam, why don’t you take little Jack here to the bathroom to wash up for dinner, while I talk to our pack alpha and Castiel.”
Three, go back to his office, giving Cas space and getting some paperwork done.
But Cas stood his ground.
“Thank you.” Dean nodded. “I’ll try to get a hold of Micheal and see if he knows what's going on. Maybe he can pull them back if he’s with us.”
“Yeah.” Adam nodded. “I was trying to find some paperbacks to kill a weekend, started to feel feverish, next thing I know, I’m curled up in a corner whining like a bitch.”
“Um, well,” Sam started. “I’m a law student, dating a fellow law student.”
“Really?” Adam snorted. “Well, he never felt the need to share.”
“C’mon mom, I want to meet everyone.” Jack called.
“What do you mean?” Cas inquired, taking a sweater riddled with holes from the giant.
“I've been calling you for hours, you damn idjit! What's going on?” Bobby's agitated voice yelled through the tiny speakers, and Sam flinched, pulling the phone away from his ear, or be deafened. Ignoring the annoyance in his friend's voice, he stayed calm. He didn't have a lot of time, but he might as well tell Bobby now.
Dean slowly reached out a trembling hand, as if to cup Castiel's face, but stopped short and pulled back. With a sudden burst of energy he hadn't had in weeks, he flung himself off the bed and back peddled away from the angel. This was all too much. It was all too much. The rush of different emotions Dean felt at finding out that Cas was alive was too intense. It made him feel unbalanced and overwhelmed. He felt heady and shaky, and only then did he vaguely notice how badly his hands were shaking.
Dean had flipped. Calling his little brother all kinds of colourful names and tearing into him for implying anything about his and Cas' relationship. The angel had stood there silently through the whole thing, clearly confused as to what the big deal was.
Gary seem to gather some of his courage. He stood up a little straighter and scoffed.
“Have you always gone through these alone?”
Castiel still looks so pained, and now Dean can see how tired he looks. He’d assumed Cas had slept soundly last night like he had, but now he isn’t so sure that’s the case.
The angel looked perfectly fine now, cuts, bruises and swelling gone. He was standing fairly steady on his own, the only sign he'd been in a fight at all was his messy hair and rumpled clothes.
Dean wouldn't say boyfriend. It wasn't that he was embarrassed or ashamed, because he wasn't, he just wasn't about to open up that much to a stranger. Not until he got a better sense of what they were like and who they were. Plus he had never really thought of him and Cas as boyfriends, the term didn't seem to fit. They were just...them. Beth was confused.
Dean heard a noise to his left, and turned to look at the man next to him. He could hear the other man's heart pounding in his chest, terrified. Dean grinned at the fear he was causing in both strangers, and he fought to get free. He needed to stop that noise, the steady thumping and rhythmic rush of blood through veins. So close to the surface, so easy to get to. He wanted to feel it run down his arms and hands, dripping off his blade. He wanted to smell the coppery, warm liquid. He wanted to stain the walls and floor with it.
“Did you love Dean?”
The hunter downed the second shot.
Dean holds up his hand, stopping whatever Cas had been about to say. He can’t deal with whatever it was
“Those two idjits okay?”
“Well yeah, but...what if you were some kind of...I don't know, bad guy?”
“No, no, hey, don’t apologize. It was just a misunderstanding. I should have known.”
Castiel says nothing, but he nods. After a moment, Dean returns to his chair. Though he scoots it closer and resumes holding Cas’s hand before they go on.
“I... I’m sorry,” Dean says. “It just... seemed easier.” God, it sounds even more fucked up out loud than it did in his head.
“How many others?”
Castiel shook his head.
Once Cas was fully clean and rinsed off, he tried to return the favour, but Dean gently refused.
Dean set his phone back down, his earlier drowsiness gone. Instead, he settled in and tried to get back into the movie. He’d missed more than he thought because the bad guy was working with the good guys now, but he didn’t care enough to rewind it and see how that happened. Even in his sleep, Cas was still purring and giving off a happy omega in heat scent that was making Dean feel almost high. He tucked in closer and felt Cas hug him tighter in his sleep.
It wasn’t often that Dean looked so unsure. That wasn’t to say he never was, but he was adept at hiding it under false bravado and quick thinking. It took a lot for something to render him this open.
Before Dean could process the fact that Cas knew what he normally smelled like, the former angel was rolling back over to watch TV. A close-up of a weird-looking monkey was playing, but Dean could hardly focus on that.
Dean kept his eyes glued to the road and pointedly ignored his brother. Sam huffed and leaned back into his seat to stare out the window, watching a light drizzle begin raining down.
Castiel blushes, a sight Dean will always take pleasure in. That he, Dean Winchester, could make an angel blush. And not for the reason most people would assume.
he caused? An argument? A problem? “... this tension between us. I’m the one who made you feel like you had to leave. So, if I spent a few nights alone, that’s my fault, okay? If you need to blame someone, blame me.”
The decapitated body fell away, hitting the floor with a wet thud, blood quickly pooling out of it and around Dean's feet.
Dean was about to tell Cas that might get complicated if he didn’t want to have sex, but he realized he’d been in here with Cas for several minutes and neither one of them was even a little aroused. Cas smelled like heat and slick, but somehow that didn’t turn Dean on right now.
Castiel shook his head. He threw back the blankets, revealing that he had climbed into bed in his robe.
“Cas, people don’t growl.”
Dean opened the door, barreling inside only two feet before the sight in front of him stopped him like he’d hit a wall.
The three found a booth and sat down. Dean and Cas sat beside each other, the hunter on the outside, while Sam sat opposite them. They order a round of beers when the waiter approached their table.
be able to touch Cas this way.
He hesitated again when he reached the door, half expecting to open it and see an empty room. For a moment he though about leaving, but it was a fleeting notion, he wanted so badly to see Castiel again. Dean slowly opened the door and peered inside.
“We don’t have to,” Dean whispered, still only a few inches away. “You can tell me to stop.”
Carefully, so as not to damage whatever was in the box, he cut the tape, then put his knife away. Slowly, he opened the first two flaps, half expecting something to jump out at him.
But not so far gone that he didn’t notice Cas’s shiver. The shower room was all tile and poorly heated, it must feel freezing during a heat fever.
Soon, Dean’s breaths turned shaky and his movements erratic. He gripped the sheets so hard Cas was surprised he hadn’t heard them tear. But really, it was the way Dean called his name, desperate and low, that told Cas Dean was close. He stopped thrusting his fingers and instead reached deep and rubbed, putting constant pressure on that spot that had Dean panting out little
The Winchester took a few steps into the room, not sure where to sit or if he even should sit. The foot of the bed was really the only free space. The desk in Cas' room was messy and piled with books and papers that had also accumulated on pretty much every flat surface in the room. Deciding to just stay standing, he awkwardly hooked his thumbs into his pockets, not sure what to do with his hands. Realizing he was just standing in Castiel's room with Cas staring at him expectantly, he was glad the guy had no sense of awkwardness. Dean was tense and edgy as it was, and as a result it felt like every single thing in the room was staring at him.
“Good. Then no one is going anywhere.”
Everyone had called back. He'd checked every resource he had at his disposal, as well as a few he didn't, and he'd found nothing. He'd been reading up on depression, loss, and coping, and it all seemed like horse shit. No way Dean would agree with any of it. He'd been raise to hide his problems, and resolve them in private with booze and spurts of violence. All this 'talking it out' and 'try changing your routine' crap would not work on the hunter.
There’s a sudden lump in Dean’s throat as all the months, years really, of confusion and frustration and fear about his sexuality lift just a little. The knot that’s been growing in his chest for months tries to escape out of his throat. He can’t control the waver in his voice when he asks, “Really?”
“It was easier to have sex you hated than to tell me the truth?”
The crowd cheered and clapped when the song was over, and Dean had to throw in his own whistle of appreciation. He smiled at Castiel.
“Hmm?” Dean grunted. He’d been dozing off when he heard Castiel’s voice call him back from the brink of unconsciousness.
Cas rolled his eyes and set his trail mix down on the nightstand.
Dean can’t even insist he hadn’t lied, because he had. Every time Castiel and he had sex, Dean’s moans and encouragements and consent had been a lie.
Cas stood and positioned himself in front of Dean, grabbing the hunter's shoulders and looking him in the eye, waiting for green eyes to meet his blue ones. When they did, Castiel spoke.
Dean grinned and grabbed the remote for the TV.
“Yes, it is.” Castiel argued.
“Very much so. If you think that’s something you’d enjoy.”
The warmth turned to a cold stone that made it hard to breathe.
“No, but I really need a drink.”
He wasn't surprised that the idea of his brother being in love with a guy didn't bother him. Well, technically Castiel had been a 'multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent' and therefore had no gender, but he had been using a male vessel. Still though, now if Sam thought of Dean and Cas as a couple, it just seemed...right.
Dean, for all how he was usually brash and violent, was actually very tender and thoughtful when it came to things like this. He was gentle and slow as he kissed Cas, giving the angel time to adjust and settle in to it, or pull back if he changed his mind. Castiel could feel Dean smiling against his lips, and he grinned in return, leaning in again to kiss that smile. The one he knew he'd put there.
Some part of him is aware of the bed dipping behind him, but when warm hands touch his hips, he flinches. He tries to disguise the movement by turning to hand Cas the bottle, but from the small frown on the former angel’s face, he hadn’t hidden it as well as he hoped.
The not-problem was that Dean would spend all their time together in bed making Cas feel incredible, and then when Cas was lying there, shaking and panting post-orgasm, Dean would sneak a hand down between his legs and finish himself off. Furtive and rushed, before Castiel had a chance to get a hand on him. In the two months they’d been together, Castiel felt like he’d hardly touched Dean.
“Drinks are on me.”
Kissing was “safe”. It allowed Dean to relax, so Castiel kept it up for now. One hand carded its way through Dean’s hair, while the other rested against the pillow. Dean, however, was not so chaste. His hands were
Cas blushed, ducking his head and choosing to focus on his sandwich. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled.
He could feel his restraints warping, heard them groaning and creaking. The noise angered him more. Finally, there was a loud snap, and the pressure against his chest released.
. Actually, that’s kinda what I wanted to talk to you about.”
“Okay, we can do that. How about a bath?”
Dean laughed, not even bothering to deny it this time. He told her he would want to hear that story later and extended the invitation for her to stop by the bunker sometime soon. They said their goodbyes, and Dean was just about to go back to Cas when he realized he had one more phone call to make.
Sam wasn't sure what to say or do. He hadn't realized Dean had gotten to that point. Uncomfortable heaviness coiled through his gut at the thought of his brother being gone, thinking that the angel was dead too.
“I’m sure, Dean.”
“Will you... stay? For the rest of my heat, I mean. I know Sam is looking for a hunt, but it’s only a few more days, and-”
Cas paused again, breaking eye contact with the hunter. He toyed with a loose thread in the sheets, watching it like it was the most fascinating thing since sliced bread.
"Mike. Look, I'm just the delivery guy. Some guy paid me to bring a package out here, at exactly this time."
Castiel nods and relaxed a little, but there is still some hesitation there. Dean can sense that Cas is keeping himself at a distance while their new boundaries are being established. He’s scared of accidentally crossing one again, and while Dean understands that, he wishes everything could go back to how easy it was before.
“Definitely,” Charlie said. “If they aren’t putting out-”
Sam took in a deep breath. There was a very good chance Dean would react violently to what his younger brother was about to say, especially if Sam was wrong.
Castiel was about to decline when he heard his stomach rumble. Dean smirked.
“Cas, when did your heat start?”
“Dean.” he replied, his voice a little raspy from the drink.
“Thanks. I admit I haven’t slept that great these last few nights.”
Cas didn't have as many ties to his family. Other than his brother, Gabriel, Cas really didn't like his siblings or his parents. His dad was almost never around, Cas never knew his mom, and had mostly been raised by Michael and Gabriel. Dean doubted Cas wouldn't have much of a problem up and leaving.
He had been trying in vain to sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, all he could seen was Cas. His angel, covered in that black filth, his voice hoarse and deeper than normal. He saw him walking into that river and disappearing beneath the surface, as the same black gunk exploded from where he'd slipped beneath the surface. He saw when the leviathans had taken control of the angel's vessel. Heard when they told him Cas was gone, dead. Their eerie smile entire wrong.
"I'm fine. Let's just leave."
Sam's face was turning a dangerous shade of red. Gary quickly realized that had been the wrong thing to ask. When Sam spoke next, he practically spat his words.
Dean sighed, but gave in, knowing Sam would only get worse and more insistent as the days went on if Dean didn't give him something.
“Yeah, uh, Cas said it once, and I was...Sam, I was terrified to say it back. Everyone I've ever said that to, I've lost. Guess I lost Cas anyway.”
“Dean? May I remove your boxers?”
It had been three days now since Bobby had started calling other hunters and friends, asking about faith healers, and Sam wanted to know if the older hunter had found anything or heard back from anyone.
That was putting it mildly, but Dean didn’t want to go into detail. About how Aaron started dodging his calls, then was how he would duck into the back of the store when Dean came in. How Sam bitched when Dean started driving an extra half hour to the next town over for supplies, and how Dean didn’t know how to explain why.
Castiel grinned and nodded, allowing his own hands to run trails over his alpha’s shoulders and chest.
Dean wondered how long it would take before people started asking questions. Cas wasn't really the outdoorsy type, he was more of a book worm, like Sam. He preferred staying inside with a book to going camping. And while Dean like being out, he came up here almost every day he had off to see Cas, and he figured sooner or later, people would start asking where he disappeared to when he wasn't working. This whole thing was a house of cards really, and both he and Cas ignored to fact that sooner or later, it would come tumbling down, and neither of them would make it out unscathed. Losing Cas was already one of the worst things Dean could imagine. As for Cas, Dean was the first and only person he'd ever been with, and he cared about him deeply. If Dean suffered the same fate as Eddie Geller, Cas didn't know what he'd do.
“Dean, I wish I could take back what I did, what I became, there is nothing I wish I could undo more, but I can't. All I can do is promise that I will never leave you or betray your trust again. I care far to much for you to ever make that same mistake. Now, I am begging you, please, promise me you won't ever be reckless like that again.”
The bar was a ten minute drive from the motel. It was small, but it had a friendly, familiar feel to it. The lower lighting and constant hum of people talking and laughing made the place seem welcoming. The worn wooden floor and dark hardwood counter were stained with countless marks from spilled drinks. The booths weren't much better. The once bright red fake leather was now faded and had some holes worn through parts of it. The place smelt like beer, peanuts and sweat. Dean loved it immediately.
Because Jimmy’s soul had already gone to Heaven years ago, Castiel had decided to make his vessel his permanent body. The first part of the ritual had been to tie his true form to his new body permanently. The angels had been vague in their answers when Dean asked about it, only telling him that not doing so would leave Castiel vulnerable. They’d painted sigils on Castiel’s chest, hands, and forehead with the liquid from the bowl. Dean had watched closely, but the sigils hadn’t seemed to hurt Cas at all.
Castiel’s
He had a question of his own he had to ask, but it didn’t scare him like it would have a few minutes ago. He was pretty sure he knew the answer, but he still had to ask, or his mind would hold on to it all day.
They had definitely saved their best for last. The crowd was cheering and singing along, really getting pumped up. Dime a Dozen had done well on their other songs, but they nailed this one. The lead singer sounded a lot like Bon Jovi, and it was clear they all loved this song.
It wasn’t like Dean had never been shirtless around Cas. It wasn’t even that he had never taken his shirt off while they were having sex. But he always seemed hesitant, and Castiel has assumed that Dean was self-conscious of his surgery scars, so he kept his hands to “safer” areas.
“Bobby, get this. The faith healer, it's him.”
“You’re much better than an alpha. An alpha wouldn’t be able to remain in the room with me this long without mating. And during a rut, they can become... aggressive.”
They both took in deep breaths of the fresh air. It was nice after hours in the somewhat dingy and very humid bar.
Dean threw the game into the back of the Impala, figuring he could either bring it out as a joke the next time Sam complained about being bored, or throw it into the next dumpster he saw. It would depend on his mood that day. On the next hunt, in the next crappy motel room, Dean showed it to Sam and Cas. He hadn't actually expected them to want to play. He probably should have seen that coming. Of course the two nerds would be interested.
Dean doesn’t realize he’s crying until the first tear hits his hand. Then the floodgates open and he’s sobbing and wheezing and clawing at the pain in his chest where it feels like his heart is crushed. This time, he hasn’t waited for the job to ruin his relationship, or for a monster to take Castiel away. He’s gone and fucked it up all on his own.
"Dean, look. That night at the bar, after I fell and became human...”
“You sure?”
“Okay, so what you’re going through right now is an omega thing?”
Now Sam was confused. How could Cas not remember him, after everything they had been through? What was going on?
It took Sam four rings to answer, and when he did Dean could hear other voices in the background. He must be at the store already.
“Hey. How are you feeling?” Dean asked.
a flu, I don’t know what a doctor could do for him. What else would it be?” Sam asked, shutting his laptop and finally looking at Dean.
"Whatever. I'm not the one who came back from a hunt covered in glitter." Dean smirked.
Dean felt the back of his neck heat up. His mind was a little foggy, but he still remembered the shtriga hunt. He'd thought an old woman in the hospital with an inverted cross in her room had been the witch they were looking for. When they went to check it out later that night once the were sure she would be asleep, she had surprised Dean by being awake and yelling at him. Sam thought it was hilarious.
sounded and brought up a list of recommendations. Given that Dean and Cas shared an account, it varied the recommendations between weird documentaries and generic action films.
Well, I think that about wraps it up. Thank you so much to everyone who read my fic, I've never gotten such a strong response so quickly to any of my stories. PLEASE comment so I can know if I wrecked you day of if I should try and make it sadder to be more successful in my day wrecking goals.
“Then what? Because I know the leviathans aren't bothering you this much. Does this have something to do with Cas?”
“I’ll admit I could only eat one,” Castiel says. “Your brother mixed up the sugar and the salt containers while he was making the batter.”
And they did spend more time together. Besides continuing Cas’s training, Dean also started teaching him to cook. They started with the basics, and once Cas had ramen and sandwiches down, Dean got him to help with lasagna and burgers. Cas was a quick learner and soon became proficient in the kitchen. Though he and Dean discovered Cas
wants an alpha.
“Yeah, Bobby, I really think they are.”
Dean heard his phone start ringing. That was probably a good thing because it wouldn't have been much longer before one of the brothers either left or threw the first punch.
“-then how is this helping with your heat?”
Dean leaned forward and rested his arms on his legs. Sam stood up and started pacing the room, glancing at his brother every once in a while.
“Oh. My apologies, Dean. Please let me wash those.”
“You got it. Meet you back in the bedroom?”
Dean’s heart stops. He can’t remember the last time Castiel slept anywhere but in bed with him. They’d even squeezed together on Jody’s couch one night when the only other option was sleeping apart. It wasn’t even a fold-out. “
“Easy, alpha,” Cas said, amusement in his voice. “Are you gonna be like this the whole time I’m in heat?”
Sam wanted more than anything to be able to tell his brother that the monster was lying. That Cas was back at the motel, safe and sound and watching bad daytime T.V, eating chips that Dean had taught him how to steal from vending machines. He wanted to tell Dean that they would go back tonight and find everything just as they'd left it this morning, and that tomorrow all three of them would pile into the Impala and leave town, and the shifter would just become another bad memory. Sam wished with everything he had left in him that he could tell his brother all that, and he felt his heart break at the desperation in his brother's voice as he begged for reassurance that couldn't be given.
/“Shit.”/
A few weeks later, Dean and Castiel were sitting in a bar, celebrating their most recent successful hunt. A wendigo of all things. Dean wasn't a huge fan of the things, but they were less cleaver and easier to identify than their usually prey. Well, Dean was celebrating, Cas was more the hunter's ride home, seeing as how Sam had dropped them off at the bar and then took the car to go back to the cabin. He hadn't felt like drinking, mostly he just wanted to sleep. Dean could understand that. Sam had been the one to lug the gasoline jug all the way out to the body to finish the job the flare guns had started. A good four or five miles through rough terrain. He was was tired and sore and had told Dean he was going back to the cabin. Dean had just waved him off with a grin, before wrapping an arm around Cas' waist and pulling the angel with him to the bar.
Sam shook his head.
"Hey." He greeted, making his way past them and into the kitchen.
“Hey, no one is gonna make you do something you don’t want, okay? If you say no alpha, then that’s it.”
“I know. I know.” He squeezes Dean’s hand briefly. “That’s not fair of me.”
“Cas, uh... with this whole,” Dean gestured vaguely at the bed and then at Cas. “You know, heat thing. Is there anything you can do to relieve the, uh, pressure?”
Dean laughed again. “Not like
"I'll take that as a yes. There's dinner a few blocks away. They've got good food."
"Dean," he started out hesitantly. "It's time." he finnished weakly.
He'd told himself a few weeks after he'd burned Cas' body, that he was gonna get out of bed every morning. That he was gonna breathe in and out, all day long. And he clung to the faint hope that eventually, he wouldn't have to remind himself to get out of bed and just breathe. And that one day, he wouldn't have to think about how good he'd had it, how perfect.
“Thanks. See you soon.”
“Same sort of deal. She lived in New Orleans, so me and Sam had no shortage of salt and burns to keep us occupied for a few weeks. After we cleared her house, she asked me out to dinner. I figured Jill was a long time ago, I was probably fine now. But...”
“Put the gun down, Dean.” he said again, trying to keep his voice calm.
Three weeks. Three weeks of sparring, adjusting Cas’s firing pose, watching his fingers hold the blades he was carefully sharpening was all Dean could take. It was one thing when Castiel would pop in, do something hot as hell, and then pop out, but now he lived here. He wasn’t unreachable; he was right across the hall every night.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks.
Dean paused in front of the motel door, glaring at the grey six posted on it, as if the number were the cause of all his problems.
When Castiel didn't elaborate, Dean prompted him.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean can see Sam watching the exchange with wide eyes. That’s about the frostiest greeting he’s seen between them since they got together. Morning hellos were usually full of smiles, forehead kisses, and Dean handing Castiel a coffee and something for breakfast. Not... this.
"Hey, Deliverance! Why don't you shut your mouth!"
The room smelled like sweat, and Dean realized Castiel had probably been sleeping on the same gross sheets for the last four days. Normally Dean would wash all the bedding every two weeks, but with Cas being in his room so much this week, he hadn’t had the chance. Poor guy. That couldn’t be making him feel much better.
Suddenly, Dean's face cleared, before a light blush crept up his neck and reddened his ears. Both Cas and Sam noticed immediately. The younger Winchester watched his brother with some concern, while Castiel watched him with something akin to amusement.
“Y-yeah, buddy, it’s me. You’re still feeling shitty, huh?”
Dean hung his head.
Dean pulls back enough to see Castiel and blinks the sleep from his eyes.
As he allowed himself to be guided down the hall and into their bedroom, Castiel almost forgot about his resolve to have a serious conversation with Dean. Warm hands removing his shirt and soft lips peppering his neck with kisses had a way of making him lose his words immediately. He groaned when Dean found the sensitive spot just below his ear, and heard a husky laugh in response.
“Yeah?”
“Huh. Maybe.”
“Yeah, I’m here, just... god, that’s awful.”
“I don’t know! Some weird angel thing? Didn’t you say vessels sometimes have side effects after the angel or demon leaves?”
"I'm trying to tell you how much I admire you. And your pretty boyfriend." the thing continued.
“Really,” he says, filling his voice with as much conviction as he can.
The Winchester stuck his head out the bedroom door.
“What’s going on, Cas? Be honest with me here. This isn’t just the flu, is it?”
Dean just nodded.
Okay, the nature documentary might have covered estrous, but Dean had no idea what the hell
“I admit nothing.” the hunter retorted, taking another sip of his beer. Sam smiled at the little exchange.
He’d watched as one angel made a cut at the base of Castiel’s throat. Once she’d coaxed the grace out into a separate stone bowl, the second angel placed her hand over the cut, healing it instantly. The next part had been up to Castiel. He’d taken the bowl that held his swirling grace and began chanting in Enochian. As he began repeating the chant, the other two joined in. The grace shone brighter and brighter until it changed from a cool blue to a blinding white. From there, one angel cradled it in her hand, gentle compared to how she had to reach into Castiel’s chest to place it.
that would interest him enough to take his mind off things for a while.
“I miss him, Sam. Sometimes so much that I can't stand it. Why do you think I still...” Dean trailed off.
“Just...make sure you talk to him tomorrow. You can stay here tonight.” he said before stalking off.
Walking over to the monitors, one by one he turned them off, tears rolling down his cheeks as he did. The steady beeping and humming of the machines had become something he was used to hearing in the back ground. Silence seemed wrong.
At that, Cas lifted his head from the pillows to look at Dean. There was confusion and surprise in his face, but also hope.
Leaning in again, he pressed his lips to Cas', and felt fresh tears sting the backs of his eyes when Cas kissed back.
“Grow up, Dean,” Charlie teased. “Do you have any other questions?”
So, he'd carefully so as not to wake the hunter, crawled up on the bed behind Dean and wrapped an arm around him. Almost instantly, the hunter had settled down once more and relaxed back into a deep sleep. Cas smiled to himself and wiggled in a little closer, taking in the warmth and feel of his hunter again.
Cas watches him, sympathetic blue eyes locked on Dean’s.
“Five months,” Cas murmurs, though Dean isn’t sure if he’s talking to himself.
“You made a nest,” Castiel said, looking at the bed where Dean had piled pillows and blankets until the space looked cozy. “It’s something alphas do for omegas during their heat.”
“Hello, Beth.” Though he didn't smile, and his voice conveyed little emotion, Beth could tell he was friendly. She smiled once more at him before turning to Dean.
“Yeah, Cas, I’m good with that. Honestly, I’m about two minutes away from falling asleep standing here.”
“I didn’t know it was my heat,” Cas said. “I thought I had the flu again.”
Mike came back seconds later with a small box that was about a foot long, a foot deep, and just less that a foot wide. A carefully placed stickers on the front said "Fragile". Mike set it on the ground and back away, looking to the Winchester for any new orders.
Dean stirred a large scoop of honey into Castiel’s tea while he waited for Sam to figure out what he wanted to say. It didn’t take long.
“Dean,” Castiel says, so softly. “Whatever it is, please tell me.”
But Castiel doesn’t linger for long. When he leaves, he closes the door behind him. It would have been easier if he’d slammed it, if he’d shown some anger. Dean knows how to deal with that. But somehow the gentle click of the latch hurts more.
He bought them both drinks. The concession didn't sell beer, which was lame in Dean's opinion, so he got them Cas' favourite pop instead. They then found their spot. Dean was proud of his last minutes tickets, they were actually good seats. Near half court and close enough to make the game enjoyable.
“Thanks, man,” Dean said, slathering a thick spread of jam onto two more pieces of bread.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever been so happy before. Everything with Cas was just so easy. So perfect. Except...
Cas nodded, and Dean reached for the remote on the nightstand without jostling him too much.
“Oh, babe, no. You smell terrific.”
“Yes. To make the way easier for an alpha to...”
"I'm glad you're having fun, Cas."
“I know this probably isn’t how you wanted our first time together to be,” Dean said. “But I promise, we’ll do things at your pace-”
Gary slowly dropped his hand from his bleeding nose and stood to leave, but Sam wouldn't move out of his way. He wasn't getting off that easy.
Beth shrugged.
Dean stood up, taking a drink from his flask.
Massages weren’t something he had much experience with. Dean had given him a few in the past when a tension headache had gotten so bad it brought tears to his eyes. Staying up with him, loosening the knots in his shoulders and stretching the tendons in his neck until the pounding in his head subsided, and he could sleep.
“What?”
Now, he deliberately traced the scars with his thumbs, making sure Dean knew he saw them and wasn’t put off by them at all. He wants to lean down and kiss them, but the angle was awkward and he decided to save that for later.
“Whatever you want. I’m probably going to fall asleep soon.”
"I love you. We need you. I need you."
Dean's head whipped around, his piercing eyes locking on his brother. Sam felt himself tense up under that predatory stare. He saw no recognition on Dean's face at all. It was like someone, some /thing/ had taken control of his brother.
“What do you mean?”
"Come on, Cas. It's safe, I promise. If anything is in there, it's a guy with a joint and the munchies. No demons or monsters."
“But I felt like... like I didn’t know who I was anymore. I tried to be the Dean from before, but… after a while, I figured out that guy... he didn’t exist anymore. How could he, right? No one could come back from Hell unchanged. I had to learn who I was now, and... that took a long time. It got easier after a while, but… I had to come to terms with the fact that there were some things I was never going to get back.”
The third episode was almost over when they heard footsteps in the hall, and Dean growled. He couldn’t help it. He knew it was only Sam coming back with supplies, but his alpha only saw another alpha near his omega.
Castiel felt tears build behind his eyes at the hunter's outburst, hot and insistent, but he held them back. He had never meant to hurt Dean. Working with that demon just seemed like the only way to stop Raphael from unravelling all the work the brothers had done to stop the Apocalypse. Castiel hadn't thought the leviathans would be strong enough to take control of him like that, or that he would go power crazy. He was ashamed of how he'd acted, and what he'd done to his friends and family. Cas certainly had never wanted to cause any of them pain, especially not Dean.
The demon smiled.
“I love you.” Dean whispered as he started to drift off. Before he fell asleep, he was sure he heard Cas whisper it back.
The hunter was direct and to the point, no beating around the bush. He wanted answers. Now. There was barely restrained anger in his voice, as if he could snap at any moment.
"Why? It's dead now. What's it matter what it did?"
“Bullshit.” Dean called. “You're cheating.”
Dean doesn’t get the chance, though. Even if he could have worked up the nerve then, Castiel takes his coffee and cereal to the library. It’s not like having breakfast together is a rule, but it still hurts when Castiel goes to eat elsewhere.
That Saturday, Dean and Cas got into the Impala and drove off around six. Just as Dean had suspected, Sam was happy to stay at the bunker. He waved as the two were leaving, and then went back to working on his shifter theory.
Dean can’t think of anything more alright than that. He nods, a gentle smile pulling at his face.
He hadn't meant to fall asleep. His plan had been to stay until he was sure Dean was okay, then he was going to leave and go back downstairs to wait for morning to come. But being back, being with Dean, holding him in his arms again, he couldn't remember the last time he'd felt so euphoric, so good. He'd drifted off too.
“You can keep going.”
“Okay...” Dean tried gently, hoping the wrong thing didn’t come out of his mouth. “And you’re...?”
Dean didn’t bring up these worries with Castiel. Partly because he didn’t want Cas to feel pressured to hurry their relationship along. And partly because he was pretty sure he was being stupid and paranoid for no reason. But who would he be if he didn’t overthink everything?
“So why are you out here instead?”
Castiel’s eyes went wide, and he shook his head quickly.
“Is it true that you were looking for a faith healer for me?” The anger in Dean's voice was cold and clear. There was also a certain amount of sadness that he tried to hide. The fact that he had pushed Sam to the point where he was desperate enough to ask strangers for help was a sobering one for the older brother.
“I love you too, Dean.”
“Because it’s you,” Cas said simply. “I find your presence comforting even outside of my heat.”
“What else do you want?”
“I’m aware at this point in their heat most omegas are... more amorous-”
“He's in your room.”
When he enters the kitchen, Castiel is sitting at the table with a cup of coffee, reading his Russian book from the night before. Dean knows Cas prefers to read in the library, he’s even got a cozy little space set up in one corner just for himself. He’d furnished it with a garish chair that must have survived the 60s if the bright pattern of birds covering it was any indication. Beside it sat a worn end table, and a simple lamp with a pink shade. All of which they found at the same garage sale for the low bundle price of $20. When they were researching a hunt, Castiel joined him and Sam at the tables, but when he was reading for pleasure, Dean could find him in his chair.
"Oh...I- No, I'm fine. Thank you."
"I mean clothes for sleeping. You know, like sweats and a loose t-shirt?"
Dean laughed. The last omega he’d been with through a heat had been Lisa. He still remembered quickly driving to McDonald’s at 3:00 am while she slept just to keep up with her insatiable needs. That, and practically eating a whole loaf of bread for the carbs. Even so, he lost 5 pounds that week.
"Sam?"
“Cas?”
**********
Dean wasn't sure how to react to this, his first instinct was denial, or defensiveness, but really, what was the point now? The whole reason behind his usual reaction to that assumption, was to make sure no one could ever use him against Cas, or Cas against him. But now, he had no one to protect. If people found out about him and Cas now, what could they possibly do? Mock him? Whatever. It's not like he wasn't used to that already anyways. He slowly relaxed and leaned back.
Castiel shrugged off the blue sweater he had been wearing since Sam picked him up yesterday, one that Amelia had given him. She said it used to belong to her husband. Castiel hadn't missed the sadness in her voice when she spoke of him. Later, she'd told him that her husband had died in a car crash a few weeks earlier. The day she'd found Cas, she'd been out hiking her and her late husband's favourite trail, spreading his ashes. Castiel had felt sorry for her loss, and despite his social awkwardness, had done his best to comfort her as a friend might.
“I am Emanuel, this is Amelia.”
Cas grinned, turning enough that he could lean in and kiss Dean.
"I... I have clothes."
Mike nodded quickly. He still had his hands up, despite the fact that Sam had lowered his gun, and he pointed to the back of the van with his thumb. Sam motioned for the driver to get whatever he'd been sent to deliver.
And with that Dean hurried out the door. Beth went back to cleaning up the bar, but started giggling.
After grabbing a beer from the fridge that was actually working today, Dean settled down on the dusty couch to watch TV. The only channels they could pick up out here played nothing but Spanish soap operas and bad infomercials, but it was better than being alone, in silence with his thoughts. He just needed a distraction.
The drive back to Ruffus's cabin was painfully quiet. Sam refused to turn on the radio for fear Dean would start singing along to another sappy song, and Dean wasn't talking. Once they arrived, Dean said a quick hello to Bobby before immediately going upstairs to the room he'd claimed as his while they stayed here, ready to try to sleep. Like his brother said, he hadn't been sleeping well, so he tried to nap whenever he could.
Cas’s scent was getting more pungent as he struggled harder to hold back tears. He held on to Dean’s hand so tightly, and that’s when everything started to make sense to Dean. Cas was scared because he thought not wanted sex would be a deal-breaker. It probably didn’t help that Dean had barely touched him since he’d gotten home. Usually Dean swept Cas up in a big hug and lots of kisses after a week away. Now, Dean had been reluctant to hold his hand because he didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable.
"Supper?" He asked.
“Don't ever make me lose you again.” Surprisingly that didn't sound like a command, it sound like begging.
need to hear that from you.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
Sam's smirk grew and he nodded.
“Dean, can I see you outside for a minute?”
Sam nodded.
He hesitated at the question, searching for the correct answer. What was Dean's condition? It was also possible it had worsened since he left, and that whatever Sam described might be better than how his brother currently was.
A big, gummy smile broke out on Castiel’s face when the target was close enough to see properly. A few shots had gone wide and would have caught a shoulder or a hip, but there were two shots in the black right where the heart would be. They were the two best shots Castiel had made yet, and the pride on his face was so pure it made Dean ache.
Castiel sighs, finally meeting Dean’s eyes. But he doesn’t look reassured, he looks annoyed.
The look Dean gave Cas was almost pleading. But there was something else in there. A hope that the hunter was trying to hide. Castiel hoped that meant Dean felt the same.
“It won’t hurt you, but you may not want to touch it. It’s... my slick.”
“Whoa, no, Cas, you don’t have anything to be sorry about. It’s normal what you’re going through. The problem is this stupid bunker. They didn’t design it with omegas in mind.”
Dean made the first move. He covered the distance between him and the angel in a few quick, long strides, his face unreadable. Cas nearly took a step back, not sure what Dean was about to do. Honestly, he'd expected the hunter to take a swing at him. He would deserve it too. Dean reached him quickly, and without hesitation, wrapped his arms tightly around the angel, pulling him into a tight hug. Castiel didn't hesitate to return the embrace just as strongly. Relief flooded though him, making his knees week and his head light and a little fuzzy. He had been just as prepared for Dean to come back angry and yelling. The two wouldn't let go of each other, they both just stood there, shaking in each others' arms, and though Dean couldn't see them, he know Castiel's wings wrapped around him too.
It hit him with the force of a high speed accident. He would never again be able to hold Cas, to make love with him, to joke around with him. He would never again hear that voice, see that smile, smell that unique, clean musk that the angel left on his clothes and their sheets. The reality that he would never get to say goodbye to Cas broke him even more, as he slowly realized that this morning had been his last anything with Cas. The last time he would ever wake up wrapped up in the angel's arms, the last cup of coffee Cas would ever steal from him, the last kiss he would ever be able to claim from those lips. All of that was over, gone. Just like that. Dean screamed.
“Do I stink?”
Beth grinned at him, she hadn't expected to see him back here. He looked noticeably better, well rested and content. The bags under his eyes had lessened, and his eyes themselves weren't dull and glassy. They had a shine to them, they looked more focused. More importantly he wasn't asking for hard booze at ten in the morning.
Sam knew what the unasked question was; “Are you a hunter?”
“A woman, Amelia, found me and cared for me. A few weeks after I had been living with her, we discovered that I had... abilities, that I could heal people. Of course, I didn't know I was an angel at the time, and neither did she. To us these abilities were simply amazing. I started helping people, healing them. From what I understand, Sam was looking for faith healers and heard about me-”
“I am. I have decided I want your blueberry pancakes.”
“Mmhm?”
“So your body thinks I’m an alpha?”
Dean couldn't help the attractive snort that forced it's way out. Cas' confusion would never not be adorable.
"Dean, I know you can hear me. I know you're in there." His voice was ragged and tired, begging Dean to listen. Dean didn't, and landed another punch. He seemed fed up with fighting someone who wasn't fighting back, and grabbed Cas by the shoulder to hold him, while raising the blade above his own head, ready to strike the killing blow.
His own heart was racing now, and he struggled against the chains wrapped around him, furious at being contained. He pushed harder when he felt a slight give, it fueled him to keep trying.
Dean quickly made his way to the kitchen. Cas said he’d be fine, but his body had just gotten a dose of alpha pheromones and no sex, so he might not be as fine as he assumed. The next wave would probably hit soon, maybe in the next ten minutes. Cas should get some food in before that.
"Dean, it's me. It's me."
Sam had hoped Dean would start acting more like his old self if he knew he was forgiven. That for once, this was the only thing bothering him, and acceptance for his actions would be enough to pull him out of whatever funk he was in.
On the way back to the car, Dean thought over the night. Him and Cas had had a fun, easy going time. It had all gone so well, and they were both in such a good mood, Dean wondered if he should tell Cas how he felt. It would be a good night to do it, everything had gone so smoothly. But on the other hand, what if Cas didn't feel the same? What if after Dean told him, he got all weirded out and left?
But a much bigger part of Castiel needed to know. If it was something he had done or was doing currently, that made Dean hesitant to be touched, then Cas wanted to fix that. He wanted to be as amazing to Dean as Dean was to him, both in bed and out. And, as little as he knew about relationships, he knew honest communication was important. Lies and omitted details had caused enough problems for him and Dean before their relationship turned romantic. He hated to think of the same issues tearing them apart now. He couldn’t let avoiding an awkward conversation or two ruin the best thing that ever happened to him.
“Hey,” Dean said, gently closing the door behind himself. “How’re you doing?”
Dean dumped an indulgent amount into his palm, then handed the bottle back. Once his hands were lathered up, Dean began rubbing the soap into Cas’s thick black hair. It was about half an inch longer than Cas usually wore it, but Dean didn’t think Cas would feel like getting a haircut this week.
Castiel had been trying to defeat his older brother because Rafael wanted to start the Apocalypses again, and everyone Dean and Sam had lost and everything they had sacrificed would have been for nothing. The angel of Thursday hadn't gone to Dean for help, because the hunter had already give so much, how could Castiel ask him to give more? Dean realized that through everything, his angel had still just been trying to help him.
“Sam had to calm me down. I was crying so hard I couldn’t talk. I didn’t even know why at the time. The next day when I tried to explain it to Jill, she told me she would refund me the nights I paid for in advance, but she wanted me out immediately.”
Sam knew that if it turned out that Dean and Cas had been a couple, Bobby wouldn't see Dean any differently, right now he was just defending the hunter since he wasn't here to do it himself.
"Nah, Cas it's fine. You wanna hold my hand?"
to help, and so far it didn’t seem like there was anything he could do. Besides keeping Castiel comfortable and waiting it out.
"Dean! Dean, drop the blade!"
"Me? Nothing. Your brother could not have taken on the mark if he wasn't worthy of it. All I did was give him the missing piece."
“Care to explain?”
“Oh sure,” Charlie said. “If you’re asexual and you don’t want sex outside of your heats, then you aren’t gonna want sex
There was sarcasm there, and a little taunting too. But there was something else. Under the protective barrier of humour, Cas could tell it was a genuine offer. Dean was playing it off as a joke so Cas could do either, and neither of them would feel foolish.
“But sex is important to you,” Cas insisted. “I don’t want to deprive you. This is something your mate should be able to give you.”
been allowed to help Dean undress before, but those were usually because of injuries and were accompanied by concern and pain. This is different.
But right now, their whole relationship was a secret. The only place they ever dared do their thing was here, up at Cas' dad's cabin. It was hardly ever used, and so out of the way, no one ever came up here. Up here, they were safe. They could hold hands, kiss, have sex, without feeling like someone was watching. Up here, they could really be themselves, really act like a couple. At least for a few days.
Castiel went very still in his arms. For a terrifying moment, Dean thought he’d ruined this and wouldn’t even get the next couple of days with Cas. Slowly, Castiel shifted until he was facing Dean, a cautious smile on his face.
“Here he comes.” the shifter remarked dryly.
“You want some painkillers?” Dean asked. He’d heard heat cramps were awful. Lisa said the only time hers eased off was after being knotted, and that wasn’t an option here.
“I don’t remember you going through this before.”
After the song ended, the crowd went wild, cheering and clapping and whistling. The band smiled and bowed, thanking the crowd for coming to see them. Dean and Castiel both clapped loudly as the members left the makeshift stage.
Being human was hard enough. Good for Castiel if he didn’t have to deal with all the alpha crap. Not only that, betas gave off the same pheromones as anyone else, but their sense of smell was nowhere near as good as an omega or alpha. They couldn’t pick up on the subtle scents caused by emotions. Which, though helpful at times, probably would have been overwhelming for Castiel now. Dean counted it as another plus for him.
“Dean...” Cas said, looking so lost it hurt.
“The last time was after Purgatory,” Dean said. “When I thought it was my fault you were stuck there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Could… could we maybe go outside?” He murmured in a hushed tone to the omega, who nodded.
“Well, we do have to head over to Daddy’s workplace with Uncle Sam and Grandpa Bobby, seeing as Baby’s in the shop. Then how about you, me, and Daddy go to get those cookies at Uncle Gabriel’s bakery?” The blonde girl grinned, showing off white baby teeth.
“Cut it out,” He muttered at Cas, who was still shaking him. “You don’t shake it when it doesn’t work, Cassie, everyone knows that.” Sighing with relief, Cas let go of him, only to grab onto him again and pull him to his feet.
“That’s not gonna become a pet name, is it?” Dean complained. Cas shrugged, eyes twinkling.
-Apple
“Do you mind if I ask why you’re still here? I mean, it seems like you’ve been here for a long time, and it’s not like this is a desirable vacation home or something.” Kevin puffed out a breath.
Feel free to tell me what you think!
“So… interesting turn of events,” Cas told Dean later as they walked through the backyard of Singers Salvage, weaving between old cars. Dean, who was still leaning on Cas, snorted.
Enjoy, lovelies!
“Roses?” He murmured, slightly confused as he pulled back, freezing once he realized that he had essentially just scented the rather dumbstruck looking alpha. “Crap, Dean, I should have asked, I’m sorry, I just…” He never got to finish that sentence, however, as Dean’s arms shot out and pulled him into a hug, Cas quickly pressing his face back into the alphas neck.
Just at the sound of the man's voice, Castiel wanted with everything in his power to disobey him, and probably would have if it wasn’t for his brother, who was already heading towards the chairs. This just freaked Cas more, because when has his brother ever done anything that had been asked of him?
“Yeah?”
-Apple
“You’d better, ya idjit!” Bobby hollered back, before going back to work on another car.
“Cas, baby--” Dean croaked, trying to reach out for his love's hand. He couldn’t stand it. He couldn’t let Castiel hate him. He’d do anything.
“God, I love you.”
“Ooh! What about this one?” Castiel bounced over to another aisle in the Healthy Foods section of Target. He grabbed a bag of lettuce and held it up for Dean to see. Dean in question laughed softly at his boyfriend’s excitement and walked over to the ex-angel, pushing their already full to the brim cart behind him.
Castiel, who sat for hours outside just staring at bees and spouting random facts about them, Castiel who did not deserve any of this. So Gabriel did his best to shield him from it.
Geez, these guys really didn’t have brains, did they?
Feel free to tell me what you think!
“It’s not gonna be natural. Hopefully he won’t be too pissed at me for stickin’ with my dad, not leaving him at some point, but even if we’re on okay terms, my dad ‘n him hate each other’s guts,” he explained, pausing to take a deep breath inwards. “There’s no way in hell that’s it’s gonna end up good.”
The same, fiery smell continued on inward and I marveled at Sam’s lack of wincing. Maybe he’d expected as much though. Maybe he’d been perceptive enough, after all. It had taken me a good forty-five minutes to get fully accustomed to it, and by that time Bobby had arrived and prompted my dad to start his version of a house tour all over again, from start to finish. I didn’t see much point in being shown a house that I’d helped put together just weeks ago, but my father didn’t feel the same way. He didn’t remember the same way I did.
“Look at me,” Dean finally choked, watching in a delirium-fueled stupor as his brother listened, moved his eyes, and crumbled a bit more. “I…I-I…I need you to tell me. That it’s
“I do!” I shouted suddenly, snatching my coat from her extended hands and flinging it onto my shoulders in a movement much more graceful than Dean’s earlier attempt.
“What?” I mumbled, rubbing sleep from my eyes and distorting the sight of Cas’s cheeks rising high into his face, intruding on the bags under his eyes, as he plain old laughed at me, and I was at a complete loss for what he found so amusing after being so grumpy seconds before. He would have to enlighten me, and he did so by holding up a finger-I wasn’t keen on waiting for his explanation; why the hell was he laughing?- and bending over the mattress to retrieve something. I would be lying if I said that I didn’t watch, and that there weren’t rather distinct red marks lining the skin around his spine and shoulders, remnants of the events that had transpired in the hours before, and I realized that he did have every right to be tired.
The sentence wasn’t meant to be harsh, but I nearly took it as much after its presence startled me so much. Dean’s smile reappeared just in time and convinced me that his question was sincere, free of any negative emotion, to be taken with a hint of sweetness, even, though I was still at a loss as to what it could mean. He would have to elaborate.
Wow...did I actually finish something? All 141 pages of it? It truly is an accomplishment for me to have done so, since it's been so long since any of my projects have been completed, fanfiction or not. I owe it to everyone who's read, left kudos, or commented, of course; remember that this would not have happened without you! I hope you all found the end to be satisfying enough, thank you for all the support, and check back soon for more potential Destiel stories! I can never get tired writing about Dean and Cas's "profound bond." :)
“And when he started talkin’ about goin’ all the way out to Stanford, I tried to level with him, explain to him how god-damn impossible it is to get into a lawyer-and-doctor mine field like that, but he still wanted to try. Hell, he clung to the idea of gettin’ in there and moving away.”
“N-no...nothing like that…”
“Dean, what the hell? This isn’t your fault! It’s not your ‘job’ to make sure I don’t leave or that-”
Dad had shattered that job though in one simple phrase,
He’d truly been to hell and back, if he wasn’t still stuck on the journey home. Whether it be his lack of a father, the way he really did raise ‘Sammy’ to be the amazing young man Dean described him to be, what happened to their late mother, or just the constant pressure he was under from John Winchester even so many years later. He felt trapped, confined within the grasp of his estranged dad, and he’d tried to make something of a point earlier that day, but had failed miserably. His father wasn’t having any of it and Dean couldn’t understand it.
Kevin did not look consoled, not in the least, but I couldn’t be bothered with any of the formalities of friendship and “healthy work relationships,” and besides, I could see the first wave of customers rise over the distance, and I needed to focus. I needed to rid myself of distractions, and keep the farthest away from Charlie as possible. While I hated ignoring her, I wasn’t able to take her stares and her raised eyebrows and just the simple, plain fact that she knew. She always knew, but it felt like, on that occasion, rubbing salt in an old wound.
He was only drunk. There was literally absolutely nothing out of the ordinary about that. I could handle it. I could speak. I needed to speak.
Charlie, on the other hand, was a different story, a much more invasive, inappropriate, and troublesome story. Once again, Dean Winchester had stayed at the bar’s edge until the very moment we were closing (and he still denied my call for a taxi, prompting an undertone of worry that still hadn’t been extinguished four days later.), and while I was feeling the late night effects, Charlie had enough energy to split between the two of us. She chose to spend it on ruthlessly interrogating me though, and it went something like this:
“Dean seems...alone. He doesn’t tell people much about his life or what he’s going through at all, so I believe he’s simply confiding me to get a lot of his emotions and anger off of his chest, and not without the help of a couple drinks.”
Dean picked up his glass and turned it in his hands a few times, swishing the mahogany liquid in his cup around, and he examined it like a scientist gazing through the lens on a microscope. I didn’t think there was much to see within its small waves and spicy aftertaste, but Dean seemed to think differently. It was pumping through his very veins, of course.
“You LET HIM! We lost Sammy!”
Dean’s convinced him of a truth, for once.
Ring!
It took me a moment to remember that she couldn’t see my angered expression, my usual response to her endless remarks and one-liners, and forced myself to hash out a satisfactory text of annoyance to her.
“It’s not what I need,” Dean finally concluded. And his response was not one of the dozens that I’d run through my head. All possible strategies were abandoned.
“Like I said, just slip your number on his napkin or something, nothing too fancy.”
And they ached, too. Dean was no longer sure of just where the rusty nail in the dingy, battered barn’s wooden beam had pierced him. The pain radiated in dull, humming throbs, tendrils that spread like spiders across his back. Sam’s fingers returned dripping red when he pulled away from his back, but the hurt was everywhere: his spine, his gut, his ribs, his neck, his knees, his jaw, and his goddamn teeth.
That sparked Dean’s attention, even more than what he was already supplying me with, and he threw out a volley of words almost faster than I could process.
Wow...this part is a monster both in length and in content. I hope its endlessness did not detract too much from your enjoyment. Thank you for your support thus far, and don't worry, by the end of this story, Dean and Cas will do more than awkwardly converse.
“Jack meant to come himself. But he couldn’t make it, so he lifted me from the Empty. I…don’t really know the details. But –”
Dean simply shook his head no, further embedding his request for me to keep the excess money, and arose from the barstool he'd been practically glued to all night. Upon rising up and standing in his full height, I realized just how massive and intimidating his form truly was. Dean was well over six foot, with shoulders broad and clad in what I was beginning to wonder was an irremovable leather jacket, and his brow was cast in the dark shadows from the dimmed lights above. I measured a measly five-foot-ten-inches, and my shoulders' width was hardly comparable to his literal wingspan.
"Oh-oh, are you sure? It's a whole four dollars and seven cents…"
I approached Dean with shocking ease, probably driven by the long interval of time I’d been forced to properly carry out my job, but upon reaching his hunched form, shoulders low and weighted down by the load of his signature jacket, my throat decided to cease working, and enabled me only to stare in wait before Dean noticed my presence, and I knew one of those days my odd way of just watching was going to get to him.
He was staring right back at me.
“I’m so predictable.”
A deep, rumbling noise came from the base of my throat as I cleared it, alerting Dean that I planned to speak, and hopefully implied that it would be a statement of worth. And while I hoped he didn’t mind my prying, my desire for inquiry got the best of me, and I was rid of my self control.
Bobby threw in hand up in frustration.
Dean smirked, but reached for his shirt to remove it. Cas stopped him with a light touch to his hands.
Sam stopped and turned around in his seat.
"Tomorrow." He finally whispered.
It took all of Dean's will power not to let out the sob that was stuck in his throat. Cas didn't have a job right now, so he could come up here whenever, but Dean was working as many shifts as he could take at two different places, just to try and support his family. His dad owned a mechanic shop, but it didn't bring in much. Enough to pay the bills and stock up on liquor. Most of Dean's meagre income went to food. The rest he was saving up for his little brother. He knew Sam wanted to go to college, and there was no way John could send him. But Dean was determined for his little brother to have a better chance in life. So far, Dean had managed to save a couple thousand dollars, which his kept hidden from his dad. Once Sam was old enough, Dean would give him as much money as he could to get the hell out of this town and go to school.
A mix of relief and anxiety rush through Dean’s chest. On the one hand, he is grateful that they are on normal speaking terms again. He’d missed their easy conversations as much as he’d missed Castiel holding him.
“No,” Dean says too quickly. “C’mon, Cas, I’m good.”
Dean smiled softly, ignoring the sudden lump in his throat. He knew Cas didn’t trust easily, not anymore. That he not only trusted Dean, but took comfort from him in his most vulnerable moments, touched Dean deeply.
“Did he cheat?” she asked once the shot was done.
Sam huffed a laugh and kept working on the steaks.
“Okay, you just rest and I’ll be right back soon.”
When they heard Sam coming, Cas reluctantly pulled away, a question in his eyes as he glanced between Dean and the door. Dean just smiled and took Cas’s hand.
**********
“Alright,” Dean said, grinning. “What is it?”
The hunter finally sighed. His mind made up, he nodded and sat back down on the sofa. If right now Dean needed space, then space Bobby would give him.
Well, he was drunk at the time, so that didn't really count, but still...What if Cas /did/ feel the same, but they couldn't make it last? Dean knew it would be hard on him if he lost Cas after everything. It was probably best just to leave whatever they had alone and stay friends.
Flipping the first blade around in his hand so the mandible was sticking out the back of his grip, he moved it against his target's throat. He was going to savour this.
Cas smiled. “Okay.”
Just then, Sam came back inside. Bobby knew instantly that the drive had done nothing to calm him down. The older hunter decided not to get Sam's hopes up by telling him he had found one more person to try, and simply went about making a crappy little supper of beans on toast.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam nodded, it's what any good hunter would do.
Sam sighed.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. Castiel has a point. That is basically what Dean had done. He’d taken part to an extent, but the aim was always to make Castiel come so it would be over.
Dean shot a quick smiled at the fallen angel before turning back to organize the fridge.
Dean wanted to ask why Cas wouldn’t bathe, but he didn’t want to embarrass his friend any more than he already was. If Cas wanted to tell him, he would.
Cas did as Dean asked him, and Dean rinsed the shampoo from his hair, careful not to let any of it fall into Castiel’s eyes. When he was satisfied with his rinse job, he reached past Cas for the conditioner, repeating the message from before.
Castiel’s grip on his hand remains a steady anchor, and Dean is grateful for it. He continues.
When he got back to the cabin about an hour later, Sam and Bobby were awake and sitting on the couch. They looked like two parents waiting for their teenager who'd snuck out to go to a party. Sam looked up when Dean came inside.
"And many more have lived because of you." Castiel countered. "Dean, everything you have ever done that you think is wrong, you've made up for tenfold in the lives you've saved, the people you've helped."
“Dean,” Cas says, in a tone Dean rarely hears anymore. He sounds worried. “How many times have we kept something from each other?”
“A few months ago, Amelia was hiking through the woods nearby, and she found me wandering. Drenched and confused and...unclothed.”
Dean sighs.
Castiel doesn’t get into the bed right away. Instead, he sits on the edge and watches Dean close the door behind them. It doesn’t feel like he’s looking at Dean any differently. There’s nothing cold or withdrawn about his gaze. It’s still so full of the love and admiration that took Dean months to get used to seeing there. Even so, he worries.
They drove for a few more minutes in silence before Sam spotted a gas station up the road. Deciding now was as good a time as any to call Bobby, he pulled in and told Emanuel to wait in the truck while he went to pay for gas.
There was the angel of Thursday, wearing the trench coat, sitting on the hunter's bed, wringing his hands nervously. He looked up when he heard the door open. Relief flashed on his face for a moment, but it was soon taken over by a questioning uncertainty. He watched the hunter carefully, waiting for any indication of what was going to happen next.
“So, this guy is the real deal then?”
“Cas?” he tried again, a little louder this time.
“More than alright,” Dean says. “You have blanket permission for that.”
As he finished the text, he realized Castiel had gone silent and that his smell has soured. Something had made him worried.
“Will you roll over for me?”
Sam shook his head.
Seeing just how much Dean was enjoying this was a confidence booster. Any hesitation in his movements, uncertainty in his resolve, vanished. Castiel dropped his jaw further and redoubled his efforts.
“I can tell,” Dean said, no malice in his teasing, only relief. Despite his drooping eyelids and the slight slur to his words, Castiel noticed a lightness to Dean that hadn’t been there before. Where there had once been hesitation, now there was confidence. His movements were more relaxed, more sure, as he pulled himself closer until they were pressed together in one solid line of warmth.
He kept the thrusts of his fingers deep and quick, curling them against Dean’s walls and feeling them clench in tandem with his movements. It had him rutting down into the bed without his notice, but he didn’t care about his own pleasure at that moment. Not with the gorgeous sounds that were spilling from Dean’s lips and the way he shook under Castiel’s ministrations. Not from worry this time, but from uncontainable pleasure.
He took Dean’s hand and lead it to his boxers where he was soft. Dean’s eyes widened as he looked down to confirm what he’d felt.
“No, I never worked up the courage to say those three little words back.”
“It only happens every few decades. And... the cycle pauses if it’s not a safe time to...”
Castiel smirked, burrowing in closer to Dean, if that was at all possible.
“You so sure that's a good idea, Sam?” Bobby cautioned. "The last one you guys found wasn't exactly squeaky clean or innocent. How do you know you can find the real deal? Not to mention, I never heard of one that can 'cure' sadness. They cure sickness, don't they?"
Dean was glad he’d sat where he did. From here, Castiel couldn’t see the horrified expression on his face.
Sam, thankfully much quicker at realizing what was going on, held his hands up in surrender, titled his head to expose his neck, and allowed himself to be moved down the hall. Even as his brother, Dean’s alpha still saw Sam as a threat. It was a base instinct, nothing Dean could control. So Sam submitted. It was quicker than reasoning with Dean and would calm him and probably Castiel much faster.
“Of course I do, Dean. I love you. I want to make you feel as wonderful as you make me feel. How could you think I wouldn’t want you as much as you want me?”
Dean didn’t know why this stressed him out so badly, but something in his gut told him this wasn’t a regular, human illness. Cas seemed... scared.
not necessary.”
"Hey! Someone get the fuckin' fags outta here!"
“Is this alright?” Castiel whispered.
Sam was not prepared for what he saw, and his gasp was proof of that. Dean's eyes... His irises weren't quite the dark, blood red of a crossroads demon, and they weren't Azaziel's yellow either. Rather, they were almost a mix of the two. Bright, almost glowing red was only interrupted by the flecks of equally bright yellow. It was almost like fire, or flowing lava in its colour and intensity.
The younger hunter moved closer and sat down on the coffee table across from his brother.
“Can we sit?” Castiel asked. He didn’t want to have this conversation against the door.
Sam sighed.
Castiel was hurting, and he was confused, and Dean just hoped his answer didn’t hurt him more. But it’s not like he’d ever been great at getting his thoughts out clearly. He didn’t want to cause more misunderstandings.
“I did it out of habit, but I guess I like it.”
Dean was feeling his own eyes drooping when he heard his phone vibrate on the nightstand. Carefully, he reached it without waking Castiel up.
Dean nodded. Okay, so Cas got wet when he was in heat.
Dean sips his coffee, humming appreciatively when the faint taste of cinnamon mixes with the dark roast. Castiel likes to add a little to the grounds, and Dean loved the boost it gives the coffee. Between that and the memory foam mattress and the shower pressure in the bunker, Dean feels he’s getting a little spoiled. Motels and gas station breakfasts were never great, but now that he knew what he was missing, he got homesick on longer hunts.
He turned and walked out the door, closing it gently behind him. Just before he was out of earshot, he heard his big brother start to sob, and it broke his heart that he couldn't go back in there to comfort him.
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean said, feeling the familiar tug of alpha protection and affection he felt whenever Charlie was around. Cas being in heat probably had Dean’s alpha in overdrive, which was why he felt so strongly even without her in the room. “How have you been, kiddo?”
Now it was Castiel’s turn to frown.
The Winchester parked his truck across the street, got out, and made his way up the stairs to the front door, trying to keep his excitement down. He knocked and waited. A few moments later, a man answered the door.
“He did what he did...for me. And my brother. It backfired horribly, but he had good intentions.”
“And you?” Castiel asked. “Is this something you think you’d want to try again?”
Even though he did know, without a shadow of a doubt that they couldn't tell anyone, they both held on to the faint hope. Especially Cas. Dean had it a little easier, because before Cas, he'd dated girls and slept with a few of them. He knew he found girls attractive, and that he'd really liked having sex with them. So, as much as Dean loved Cas and wanted to be with him, subconsciously, he knew that if for any reason it didn't work out, he could start dating girls again. No one would ever suspect a thing. But not Cas. Dean had asked him about it once, and Cas had told him the thought of being with a girl like that grossed him out. He didn't even like to think about it. So Cas really was only into dudes. If this whole thing backfired, the brunet was screwed.
“Yeah, I was.”
The place was empty when he walked in, other then the bartender. She was about twenty six, she wasn't heavy set but any stretch, but she certainly wasn't a bean pole either, and had blond hair pulled back into a high pony tail. She gave him a surprised look. No one came to a bar at ten o'clock in the morning. Technically they weren't even open till six tonight.
“Have you asked Cas about it?”
That made no sense to Dean. Sure, this was Cas’s first heat, it made sense he wouldn’t have recognized the signs at first. But he shouldn’t have been feeling sick.
Sam hurried up the stairs and into the room when he heard the call, not sure what to expect. The look of anger on his big brother's face directed at him was certainly a surprise.
“Um...it's...actually, it's my brother. He really needs you. Your help, I mean.” Sam corrected.
“What?”
“Hey, what can I...Dean?”
“Dean?”
The last hit had knocked Cas to his knees. His face was bloody and cut in a few places, his jaw was puffy, and his left eye was swollen shut.
Matthew laughed. Sam got the impression he never called for backup, or at least, he never called Bobby for backup.
“What was that? Who are you?”
“Did that creature hurt you, Amelia?”
Cas fell asleep with his bedside lamp on and a book resting on his chest. It looks like something from the MoL library, but it’s in Russian and Dean doesn’t know what it’s about. Gently, he pulls the book away and marks the page, setting it aside. Careful not to jostle him too much, Dean sits down on the side of the bed and rests his hand on Castiel’s.
“I don’t like sex, Cas.”
Sam’s curious frown vanished, and he shrugged.
“Yeah, I'm convinced.” he muttered sarcastically, before closing the trunk of the car and getting into the passenger seat.
“Okay, so you said you two didn’t need condoms, and you don’t smell like you’ve been...” Sam waved his hand in a gesture Dean pretended not to understand. “What’s going on?”
“No, I just...I just wanted to say that I didn't realize how hard him dying must have been for you. I'm sorry that I pushed and tried to get you to talk about it. I know what you are going through.”
Dean stood there for a moment, opening and closing his mouth dumbly.
Magnus was smiling at Dean like he was some grand prize.
Suddenly the need to be near the angel was so strong Dean nearly jumped off his chair and ran to the door, but stopped short. He turned to Beth.
"What's your name?" he asked, his voice far less booming than before.
“No,” Cas says, pulling his favourite cereal out of the cabinet. When he turns his back to get the milk, Sam nudges Dean and gives a significant nod toward Castiel.
The man in the ball-cap continued to look over the symbols, adding a little paint to the ones the rain had worn out a little, but he directed more of his attention to the young hunter.
Dean loved when people underestimated him. He grinned a cocky smile, hoping to egg the other guy on.
“Yeah, but it's more than that Bobby. He keeps zoning out like he's thinking about something.”
Cas just leaned against Dean, panting and trying to calm down.
Dean lifts Castiel’s hand to press his lips to his knuckles. It was something he’d done as a joke months ago, but when it got a big smile out of the former angel, Dean made a point of doing it again. Now, he rarely did it consciously, but it could always brighten Castiel’s day.
Dean tried not to cringe at Cas’s word choice. He would never be so bold as to call it
“I understand why you didn’t tell me. I’m not saying it was right, but I can’t say I would have done things differently in your position.”
Dean looked up at him then, eyes shining, and for a heart-stopping moment Castiel worried that he’d said the wrong thing, overstepped some boundary. But then Dean smiled. Small and hesitant, but there.
“Don't worry, I don't judge. And don't worry about him being the exception. Stuff like that can't be put into quaint little categories, and it isn't a fixed thing. Who you love is who you love.”
“Ah, so this is Cas. Nice to meet you.”
“Oh, no,” Dean said. “C’mon, showers are one of the great pleasures of being human. Here, turn around.”
Cas shook his head, watching the TV as the documentary showed exotic, colourful birds doing weird mating dances.
“Honestly? I'd say he was heart broken, but let's go with some form of depression.”
“Sorry, I guess we haven’t touched base in a while. I’ve been busy.”
“Alright, uh... after you pulled me out of Hell, I spent a lot of time feeling like a raw nerve. I was scared all the time. Everything was overwhelming and bright and cold. Just... it was a lot to come back to after 40 years of... you know.”
“Sam. I was looking for you actually.”
Dean thought it was kinda funny, but he didn't laugh.
Once they were outside and far enough away from the cabin that Bobby was sure Sam wouldn't hear them, and that Dean would realize that, the man in the ball-cap turned to his adoptive son.
Fierce, protective anger flashes over Cas’s face, but he says nothing. Dean appreciates the restraint that he doesn’t think he would have in Castiel’s situation. But the only way he can get through telling this is if Cas doesn’t make this about his reactions.
“But you don't, Sam. You have some idea of what I'm going through because of what happened to Jess. The thing is, she never betrayed you the way Cas betrayed me. Jess didn't pull you from Hell, or rebel against Heaven to help you. Before she died, she knew that you loved her.”
Dean nodded and followed Cas to the foot of their bed. When they sat, Cas took Dean’s hands in his own, and Dean let his knee bump against Cas’s. Neither had undressed yet, but there was still a warmth that seeped through two layers of denim. Castiel focused on that, clearing his mind and putting his attention on the way Dean looked at him.
When Cas paused to look up at him, he saw that Dean’s pupils were blown, and his lips were red from him biting them, trying to hold his sounds in.
“Hmm, I did like it. I don’t know about the garlic bread, though.”
“No, I know it wasn't, that's not what I meant.”
Cas knew that Dean travelled a lot, switched cars, safe houses, everything, and the angel was so touched that his hunter had kept the coat throughout all of that. That each time he'd switched car, he'd gone into the trunk or backseat, taken the over coat out, and then put it in his next vehicle. It gave Castiel hope that he and Dean might still be able to get through this after all. Dean wouldn't have kept the coat if he didn't still care on some level.
Dean laughed and helped shrug off the offending fabric. Once it was gone, Cas wasted no time pulling his t-shirt off as well. His warm hands quickly found Dean’s chest, while his lips found Dean’s.
But he thought it would be different with Castiel. He wasn’t a civilian, he had no interest in a “normal” life. Hunting, protecting others, that was his life. And he was good at it. For the first time, Dean had someone other than Sam he could rely on. He didn’t have to be on guard all the time, Castiel could take some of the burden and let him rest.
“I need to make a quick call,” Dean said. “Why don’t you finish your sandwiches? I’ll be right outside the door.”
A few hours later they were walking through the doors of a packed, noisy bar. Dean pushed his way through the standing crowd, Cas right behind him. Eventually he found an empty booth, it seemed like most of the people wanted to stand. The band wasn't out yet, but the hunters were happy to sit and listen rather than stand and watch. A waitress came to their table after a few minutes to take any orders they might have. Dean and Cas both ordered beers, and once they arrived the two sat back and relaxed, waiting for the music to start. When the crowd started cheering, Dean guess that that band was coming out. He couldn't see them, but he heard the singer talking.
"Gary, get the hell out of here."
They continue living that was for two more days. Castiel and Dean pass each other around the bunker like work colleagues. Everything remains civil, professional, and impersonal. When he thinks about it too long, Dean wants to cry. He doesn’t even have a hunt to distract him. Not that he would be anything but a liability right now, anyway.
The bar tender came up to the counter behind him.
Dean immediately drifted into a deeper sleep, his face smoothing out and the tension in his body seeping out as he slumped further onto the bed.
Dean snapped out of his thoughts and looked over the car to his brother.
Dean's voice rose.
He would have liked to use a can of air freshener to get rid of the smell, but Cas always bitched about the chemicals in those. So instead Dean found some scented candles tucked in the back of the linen closet. He took them and some extra pillows to Cas’s room. The candles were nice, one was lavender and the other smelled like the sea. Dean just hoped that would be enough to cover the smell of sex that Castiel probably wasn’t enjoying. One of the bad things about living underground was the inability to crack a window once in a while.
Dean doesn’t know the answers, but he knows he has to try. He’s not giving up on this. Somehow, he’s going to fix what he broke.
“Dean, I...I didn't think it was broken.”
By now Cas is breathing more heavily against his neck, nose nuzzling down his shoulder in between kisses.
“No, Bobby called me asking about faith healers. He was looking for the real deal, right?”
“What are you sorry for?” Dean asked, gently rubbing Cas’s hand, trying to be the comforting alpha even when he felt lost. He wasn’t sure what Cas needed from him right now.
“Does this help you?”
Killing that man earlier was satisfying, but easy, and a little boring. Now, here he was with an equal match, a challenge, and he wasn't fighting back. Snarling, Dean hit harder, and faster, trying to get a rise out of his victim, with no luck. All the angel was doing was talking to him, begging him to- to do something. He could understand that much. Pushing past his momentary hesitation, he struck a final blow that knocked the angel to his knees.
“I know. But I could have helped.”
“I’m here when you’re ready to talk,” Castiel says, then carries on down the hall.
And because perfect moments couldn’t last long, Cas’s stomach grumbled loudly in the silence, making him and Dean laugh.
He had to talk to Dean.
“This was about you,” Dean told him. “I wanted to make you feel good. Don’t worry about me.”
Sam sighed, forcing himself to calm down slightly. He took a few deep breathes to control himself, then finished wiping down the inside of the truck so he and Cas could leave. He decided to call Bobby quickly and let him know that Castiel had his memory back.
“I don't think that's a good idea. At least, not right now. Dean is... I would give him until tomorrow.”
Cas nodded, unable to meet Dean’s eyes. Instead, he glared at the bed with enough force that had he still been an angel, Dean doubted the bed would still exist.
That’s how Sam found them a second later. To his credit, he didn’t gloat or make a joke. He just grinned at the two of them as he passed by, headed to grab the gun he’d forgotten to clean last time.
“Uh, I’d rather do it like this,” he says, hoping Cas will take the bait and just get to it.
Before anyone could say anything else, two more demons came into the store, eyes black and lips smiling. As Emanuel half jumped, half stumbled out of the way, the hunter grabbed his knife and got ready. The black eyed monsters slammed him against the wall with a thought, ignoring Emanuel completely. The hunter only hoped he had the sense to run. He'd only known Sam a day, and already he'd seen three demons. He should know to get the hell out of dodge at that point. Sam could only guess that the demons were after Cas. Crowly must have gotten wind that the angel was still alive, and had started sending his minions to try and collect him. The Winchester was sure the angel's betrayal had not been forgotten by the King of Hell.
Dean had to pull away from the intoxicating scent to think straight. There was no way he could have gone far, though. Dean rested their foreheads together, still surrounded by that gorgeous scent, but no longer drinking it in straight from the source.
Dean has only been awake for 20 minutes, and what little caffeine he’s dumped down his throat hasn’t kicked in yet. He sucks at these kinds of conversations on a good day, and he really doesn’t want to mess this one up. Last night he’d felt like he and Cas were on more solid ground, but today he realizes his lies have shaken their foundation more than he’d thought.
Dean sighs deeply as he wakes. He hasn’t slept so well in days, maybe longer. After his talk with Castiel last night, he’d wanted to stay awake for a while and soak in the feeling of being held for a little longer, but he hadn’t been able to keep his eyes open. Sleep came so quickly and deeply he is sure he didn’t move all night.
Dean feels his heart drop. Maybe Cas won’t stay after all. Maybe this is too big, and Dean just blew the best thing that ever happened to him. He could hardly blame Cas if he left after this, but that wouldn’t stop it from hurting.
Dean hated that Sam could always get through his panicky, mother-hen instincts and make him see the logic. It made his brother a smug bastard in situations like this. Of course Sam was right to suggest asking Cas, but somehow that never seemed like an option to Dean. But if Cas was going to live here, and Dean was adamant he did, then they would have to learn how to talk.
The last half of the ritual involved turning Castiel’s grace into a soul. Dean’s mind had raced at the implications. He’d asked if it worked the other way, if they could turn a soul into grace and make a human into an angel. The two angels had looked at him like he was crazy, or stupid. But Cas had said that it wasn’t possible. He’d tried to explain in more detail, but it was complicated and had something to do with souls being too powerful. Dean hadn’t really understood how a soul was stronger than something that allowed Castiel to fly and heal instantly, but he’d let it go. He’d only asked because he was curious, not because he wanted to turn himself or anyone else into an angel.
Getting up, he made his way down the hall towards Cas' room. It was across the hall from his own, and he could see the ex-angel's door was open. Glancing in, he saw Castiel sitting on his bed, reading a book from their library. Ever since he'd lost his grace, he'd pretty much made it his job to read every book in the Men of Letters' library. He was frowning in concentration as he studied the pages of his most recent text. Since Cas had been an angel there wasn't a single language, monster, sigil or spell he didn't know, however, he enjoyed going through the books and making corrections for future use. He hadn't noticed Dean standing in the doorway yet, to busy writing something in the foot notes of his book about extinct creatures. Clearing his throat, the hunter knocked on the door jam.
“What did you fuckin' say?” Dean demanded, refusing to believe that Cas had been involved in this any further than research. Even though most demons and angels knew about Dean and Cas, the hunters tried to keep it a secret from the monster world. It would be even easier for either of them to be used against each other if more people knew. If they kept it a secret, they could at least try and deny everything. Behind him, he could still hear Sam yelling at him to throw his gun down.
“Hello?” he answered, his voice raspy with the disuse of sleep.
Dean blinks against the sting at the back of his eyes. To think he’d slept soundly while Castiel was out here, thinking these horrible things, and reaching worse conclusions. They should have talked more last night before they slept.
“Yeah, Sam?”
Dean doesn’t protest as he stands to gather the ingredients. “Fine,” he says, leaning over to plant a gentle kiss on Castiel’s lips. They’re both smiling so hard their lips don’t really connect, but those are the kisses Dean loves the most. “But you’re helping.”
Dean got up after a moment to check the door and was pleasantly surprised to find Sam has sprayed Neutru in the hall. There was still the faint smell of strange alpha, but it was muted enough that Dean could ignore it without getting huffy.
Dean looked away.
Sam nodded vigorously. No matter what it took, he had to get Cas back to Dean.
Bobby didn't bother turning to face Sam, and Sam kept his back to the other hunter. Both still focused on the task at hand, but both were still able to talk and listen.
“Tell me he's alright!” Dean shouted at his brother, pleading in his eyes.
Dean was surprised that Bobby had taken that in stride, but then, it took a lot to faze an experienced hunter. The ball-caped man continued.
The next night, Sunday, saw Dean and Castiel sitting side by side on the hood of the Impala in the middle of a field. They gazed up at the blanket of stars that covered the sky, gently lighting the empty, quiet pasture. You could only really see the stars like this in the middle of nowhere. The ex-angel pointed out constellations or stars he knew every now and then, explaining them to Dean. The hunter listened and nodded, even pointing out a few himself.
He hooked his thumbs into Cas’s pants and underwear, gently pushing them down until gravity took care of the rest.
He seemed uncomfortable talking about it, so Beth didn't push for more about that part of the story.
didn’t.
Matthew didn't want to start talking about monsters to someone who didn't know they were out there, hunters had to tread carefully. Sam realized he still hadn't answered.
do not.”
"Uh...Cas,"
“Cas, it’s just... being trans? That’s something a lot of the people I was with in the past wanted to ignore, you know? It always felt like they were just pretending I wasn’t. So I got used to not asking for much.”
He was telling the truth when he said Cas was it for him. And that would be true whether they had sex every day and twice on Sunday, or whether they just kept doing this, or whether Cas left tomorrow. There would be no one else for Dean.
“Is it this vessel?” Castiel asks quietly, his gaze dropping away from Dean for the first time since they’ve been talking. “I know in the past you’ve shown a strong preference for women. I’m sorry if-”
It felt like Dean’s hands were
“Is it alright if I sit on your hips?”
“Are you alright?” Cas asked softly once Dean let go.
He felt bad about not having told Sam about Amy sooner, but that wasn't why he was practically climbing the walls. Part of him wanted to tell Sam what the real issue was. To open up to his brother and just get some of this crap out, but he knew it would just open up a whole can of worms he wasn't ready to deal with. Plus, they were finally starting to act themselves around each other again. Dean didn't want to fuck up that delicate balance so soon after they had restored it. He just wanted to pretend everything was okay.
“She told me, 'Go home, he'll come.' So, I went. Set all the traps and tests in the book, and waited.”
The ex-angel smiled sadly, a tear rolling down his cheek.
“What's your problem?”
“It was more unpleasant when you left,” Castiel said, taking a huge bite out of the first sandwich. Some jam dripped down his fingers and he eagerly licked it off. Dean waited for the shot of lust to hit him in the gut, but it didn’t come. “Worse than before you got home.”
Dean grins so hard it hurts his cheeks, but he doesn’t care. He felt like he was floating. The weight of this week, of the last seven months, really a weight he’s been carrying since Hell, lifts. Not entirely, it will take more than one conversation for him to fully accept that his sexuality will not change with Castiel. More than that, that Cas doesn’t
“Benny?” Castiel guessed.
“He begged for his life, Dean.” the shifter stated in a matter of fact tone.
“Yes you do.”
“Yes,” Castiel says. “You said you were worried I would reject you if we were no longer having sex.”
“Sam! Get your ass up here!”
"Hey, Cas. What's up?"
Grief like nothing he had ever wanted to feel didn't just wash over Dean, it consumed him completely. His entire body ached as he wailed and howled his pain. Each sob hit him like he'd been smacked in the chest with a two by four, his throat already raw from the force of his convulsive heaves each time he breathed in or out.
“Because you didn’t smell like an omega!”
“If you don’t want to, that’s one thing. But please don’t deny yourself because you think there is a single thing about your body I don’t absolutely adore.”
Castiel looks nauseated. Dean gives him a minute and watches as Castiel takes deep, shaking breaths that don’t do much to calm him.
“Hey, neither did you!”
His fingers glided through the slippery mess he’d made, gently finding their way to where Dean was silky and wet.
That was 2 months ago. Since then, Cas was becoming accustomed to being human. Slowly. Cornflakes and having to shower were still overwhelming for him some days. So when Dean noticed some behaviour that he secretly thought was
“Kill me, Dean.” the shifter taunted.
Dean laughed, imagining that must be a bigger part of the delivery driver experience than most people knew.
Castiel set his empty pistol down on the counter and pulled off his ear protectors. That something as simple as sound could now damage his body was something he’d known before but had a hard time accepting now. Going from unbreakable to fragile was a tough change, and his many stubbed toes and burnt fingers reminded him of it often.
“Do you want a cold cloth or something? Some Tylenol? It would lower your fever, make you feel better.”
Cas shifted in the nest, settling deeper into the pillows.
Today was the first day they’d had the time, and energy, for anything beyond a kiss, and Dean took advantage of it the minute Sam was out the door. The latch bolt had barely clicked shut before Dean was giving him a look that straddled
“Well, obviously I can’t decide someone else’s sexuality or anything, but it sounds to me like that omega is asexual.”
He’d probably thought Cas was asking if he could remove his boxers, and let out a sharp, surprised exhale when Cas lowered his head to mouth at Dean through the fabric. His lips and tongue gently worked over the thin material where Dean was hard and wet, pulling noises from him that sent white hot lines of pleasure through Castiel’s core.
“Besides Lisa? Four.”
Emanuel simply stared at him. Sam almost smiled, the angel hadn't changed in some respects. He forced himself not to though. He had to remind himself that this technically wasn't Cas. This man didn't remember anything, and now was not the time or place to tell him. Sam wasn't even sure if he should tell him at all.
Sam squatted down by the box, looking it over without picking it up. It was just a plain brown, cardboard box, the top taped shut with standard packing tape.
s when Cas found a particularly pleasant spot.
“Sam, I'm fine.” Dean interrupted, annoyance as well as a warning laced his voice.
Dean's voice shook, Sam's heart nearly broke at the emotion his brother was demonstrating when he talked about the angel. It was so clear now that they had been together, how had he and Bobby both missed it?
Fuck. No, he can’t. He can’t because Cas might not be an angel anymore, but he would know how uncomfortable Dean is the second he sees his face. If he’d waited until tomorrow, if he’d just given Dean another day to come back to himself, Dean would have been able to fake it face to face.
Dean’s eyes shone with emotion, but he was smiling too. The next deep breath he took was steady and relaxed.
“Is there anything you want to ask me?”
Castiel doesn’t exactly avoid him for the rest of the day, but he does an excellent job of timing his exits right as Dean is entering the room. When Dean comes to the library, Cas is already halfway to the hall, disappearing to the bathroom to take a shower. When they run into each other in the kitchen for lunch, Castiel is just finishing up a serving of leftover lasagna and leaves shortly after.
“Sammy, that wasn't your fault.”
Sam laughed. “Aww, did Cas tell you that?”
“Oh,” he said, because there wasn’t anything else to say to that. Though, to Dean’s credit, Sam hadn’t known.
Dean was really uncomfortable talking about this with Bobby. Sam was one thing, but Dean wasn't so sure Bobby would be as accepting. And he didn't know what he would do if Bobby wasn't okay with it. The guy was family, and the Winchesters didn't have much of that left. He would hate to lose any of it because of this.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I should’ve been there.”
“But if you thought she was dead, why aren't you with her right now? If my guy came back like that, I would be ecstatic. You don't seem all that happy.”
“Look, I had a lot of years between Hell and us,” he gestures between Castiel and himself, “to figure this out. And you know what I found? People like me get dumped the second sex is off the table.”
Cas smiled as he nodded in agreement, drinking down the last few sips of his beer.
Dean took in a few deep breaths to try to calm himself, before he got out of the car and made his way inside the cabin.
“Alright, what is it? You two idjits pissed at each other again?”
“I love you too,” Castiel says, his voice slurred with the edges of sleep creeping in.
Sam towered over most people, and Dean and Castiel weren't small either. It was obvious
This time Sam saw who it was. Some older, slightly heavier guy in a camouflage vest and torn jeans a few seats to the hunter's left. Sam ground his teeth in an effort not to cause a scene. He noticed he was gripping the edge of the counter so hard his knuckles were white, and his body was vibrating with tension.
Every time one of those little mundane things popped into his head, it was like a punch to the gut, and he could feel his heart clench painfully again. He had gotten so used to having it so good, so perfect, just for a little bit, and now the bed was too big and too cold with only one person in it, and Dean couldn't sleep without dreaming he was holding his angel again. And every morning he woke up from that imagined bliss to find the bed painfully empty and cold beside him, and he fought back the lump in his throat, and made himself get up. Because he had to.
Bobby shook his head, wishing he could rid himself of that memory. The boy was like a son to him, no parent ever wants to see their kid go through something like that. And though Bobby didn't know exactly how Dean felt, because the circumstances had been drastically different, the gruff hunter did know how it felt to lose someone you love like that. It wasn't something that he would ever wish on anybody.
He remembered how betrayed he'd felt when he'd found out that Castiel was in cahoots with the king of Hell, and not only that, was actually working against them and trying to open Purgatory.
"When do you have to leave?" Cas asked, and Dean could hear the strain in the other man's voice.
Cas looked reassured by that, and Dean offered him a calm smile.
“Sam?”
“We’ve been under the spray so long, I think we’re clean enough.”
Dean hesitated, wondering where the boundaries were for this sort of thing. He was the one with the most experience as a human, and he knew how to make someone who was sick feel better. But Cas was learning his new body, and with that came making mistakes. If he wanted to lie in his own gross sheets, he could learn the hard way that it would just make him feel shittier longer.
He was across the room in a matter of seconds, the blade raised and ready. His free hand was around the man's neck before he even thought to do it, squeezing tightly enough to cut of his air supply and slow down the blood flowing through the arteries in his neck.
After that, Sam had taken off, refusing to talk to Dean, only sending him a text to let him know what room he was in.
Dean, on the other hand, looked worn out and tired, like he hadn't slept well in months. There were dark bags under his eyes, and a slight sluggishness to every movement he made. He had lost some weight, Cas guessed his hunter hadn't eaten properly in a few months either. The smell of booze was stronger on the blond than usual, but it was clear why, if the bottles that had littered the floor were any clue. Castiel's heart sank, he knew that Dean was like this because of him, and he wanted so badly to help.
Castiel purred again as Dean massaged his scalp, paying extra attention to the temples. Cas tended to clench his jaw, and as a result, sometimes got headaches there. Dean rubbed gently at the spots, hoping to relax them.
Castiel frowns, and his grip tightens on Dean’s hand slightly.
“Cas... are you breaking up with me?”
"Dean, I'm fine."
The hunter reached into his back pocket and pulled out his silver switch blade, flicking it open with practised ease.
“Drop the gun!” Sam instructed again, his tone starting to worry Dean.
“Cas, that's not a word.” Dean told the angel, attempting to sound out the strange word in his head, his lips twitching and a frown growing as he did.
“You... want that?” Dean asked.
Dean was still moving around the kitchen, opening and closing cupboards and the fridge as he put the food away. Shopping might be Sam's job now, but Dean would be damned if he let his kid brother organize /his/ kitchen. He waited and listened for Cas to answer.
They agreed that Sam should go and Bobby should stay behind to keep an eye on Dean. After all, he was the only one who could get the dejected hunter to eat anything, and Colorado was a good sixteen hours away. Sam was more accustomed to long drives, and he planned on leaving that day. With enough coffee and some luck, he might be able to be back late in two days. Maybe sooner if Emanuel drove a bit too.
Now there were only two flaps blocking his view of what the delivery man had been paid so high to bring out. The hunter frowned at the dark stains that he could now see on the flaps of the package.
“Thanks, Cas. I thought about telling you so many times. Almost did, more than once, but I just... I don’t know if I’d survive if I’d lost you-”
was going on, and he wouldn’t disrespect Cas enough to try to convince him otherwise.
"But you didn't. We're both fine."
His brother fidgeted uncomfortably, something he only did when he really felt he had to say something, but wasn't comfortable saying it.
"Dean," He said again, more forcefully.
“Clean sheets. The ones on my bed are dusty. I don’t want to spend another night sneezing.”
Sam sighed and shook his head in defeat before he went to sit at the table. He listened as Dean asked Bobby about a case the older hunter had found.
Dean gave a final shudder, and Cas knew he was done. Gently, he removed his fingers and turned to rest his head on Dean’s thigh. A smug grin pulled at the corner of his mouth when he felt it tremble faintly under him.
Dean froze, and Sam saw his brother's clenched hand slowly relax, until it let the blade fall to the ground in a clatter. His eyes cleared, going back to their normal green, and the mark stopped glowing.
Dean was having a hard time holding up Cas with one arm and trying to fish his phone out of his pocket with the other. He almost had it, when he felt something smash hard against the back of his head. Surprise sobered him up and made him let go of the angel as he turned to face his attackers, getting ready for a fight. He noticed the broken bottle on the ground, but ignored it for now. He was pretty sure he wasn't bleeding, just had a killer headache.
“Uh....yeah. He. I'm not...it's just...I'm not gay, but I don't know, he's different. I've never even looked at a guy that way before or after him.”
Castiel is quiet for a long moment, and Dean lets him take it all in. He knows it’s a lot. When Cas finally speaks, his voice is strained.
Sam smiled.
Groaning as he moved to stretch stiff muscles, he heard the bed beneath him creak and strain under the weight. He slowly became aware of a warm, pleasant weight against his back and around his waist. It felt so familiar, so comforting, so full of love that Dean was sure this must be a dream. Yup, a dream. That's why he didn't have a hangover, and why there was actually sunlight in the room. Even half asleep, he knew that last night the only window in here had been covered up with a towel. Still, even as he convinced himself he was dreaming, the warm embraced didn't fade away. He could swear this is what it used to feel like when Cas held him. That's when Dean noticed the smell. It almost smelt like...but it couldn't be. It smelt like Cas.
“What's in the fucking box?!”
Beth looked at Dean in confusion yet again. He sighed.
Bobby wasn't sure whether to laugh or ask Sam if he was feeling alright.
“It’s complicated,” Castiel said. “When I became human, I thought that meant this was over. But...”
“Your brother is this close to having a meltdown.” Bobby told Sam as he entered the cabin. Sam sighed.
“Heart broken?”
The hunter smiled, letting out a breath he hadn't known he was holding.
Dean knew what Sam meant immediately, but he really didn't want to talk about it. Not with his brother and especially not now, so he feigned innocents.
“Dean, give me your gun.”
“No!” Cas said, his grip on Dean’s hand tightening and the smell of fear growing in the room. “No, Dean. I love you. I have for years. Why would I want to break up with you?”
Dean doesn’t get more than half an hour of sleep at a time that night. The bed is too empty without Castiel, and he keeps waking up each time he rolls over, expecting to feel a warm body and finding only cool sheets. After the first several hours of unsuccessful sleep, Dean gives up on not being pathetic. He pulls Castiel’s pillow to his chest, shoves his face into the fabric, and inhales the smell of coconut shampoo. That gets him another half an hour before the nightmare starts.
“Sorry,” Dean says. “I saw some almond milk in there if you’re dead set on something not from a cow.”
Dean looked to Sam. This was the first time his brother had admitted to understanding why Dean had to kill Amy. Even though she only started dropping bodies to save her son, who's to say she wouldn't have started again, now that they had a taste for it? Sam continued, now looking at Dean.
“Dean?” Sam said cautiously. Dean hadn’t even realized Sam had followed him.
“Actually...” Dean says, and he feels Castiel tense in his arms. “What if I asked you to go back to our room with me?”
“I do, Cas,” Dean rushed. “Really. I just... don’t want you to be disappointed.”
But Dean being Dean, he worried. Was Castiel unhappy? Did he not feel comfortable enough, or safe enough with Dean? Was there something Dean was doing wrong? Did he ever scare Cas because he was an alpha? Was it the knotting thing, because surely Cas knew Dean had the self-control to pull out before that happened, right?
"Yeah, Cas?"
Something in the parking lot caught the hunter's eye, and he found himself chuckling.
“Uh, actually, Sammy...” the hunter started, unable to meet his brother's questioning gaze. “...hoath is a word. I didn't recognize it at first, 'cause we were saying it wrong.”
Dean couldn’t deny he’d wanted to get Cas naked for a long time. Sure, he might have imagined it in other circumstances, but he’d take it any way Cas was offering. Castiel got up and took Dean’s hand, leading him towards the showers, and Dean eagerly followed.
Bobby groaned and rubbed his face.
Here, Castiel paused, and Dean wondered if he should say something. But he was more lost now than he had been two minutes ago. It really seemed like this was something he should have known about Cas before, but he was sure the former angel had never brought this up before. Clearly talking about it embarrassed him.
Dean watched his brother's reaction to the box, and now he was worried. Had he not needed to stay and guard the shifter, he would have already been halfway across the field. Whatever had just happened between his brother and the guy in the van, it had been much too far away for the hunter to see or hear anything.
