"Huh."  A hand drops to his cock, squeezing, and Castiel bites back a moan, hearing the low laugh.  "That's what I thought.  You'd spread for anyone right now."
Castiel considers adding a general mess as well, depending on the feasibility of Ichabod's power grid allowing maintenance of individual kitchens; it might be prudent to minimize their requirements of the power grid once they have a contingent in place so that Tony can verify how much power they can afford to use.  The area in back of this building could easily be cleared and cultivated to reduce their demands on Ichabod's resources.  While Ichabod's agreement will doubtless be to supply them here in return for labor, there's no reason that those living here shouldn't also contribute to the general food supply as well.
, come on. I'm saying, maybe someone should remind Dean promotions based on his sex life--"
"Gonna be fine, now shut up. My business, Cas," she says, not looking at him.  "Yes, do it.  Now."
"I had them write their reports so anything of interest could be discussed before they went back on duty the next day," he answers absently, wondering what else he missed in those reports.  He can remember them, yes, but the experience of taking notes makes him think re-reading them might be of assistance.  "It reduced the amount of time I had to spend listening to inane attempts at casual conversation or blank staring."  Dean scowls at him.  "You need to know them, Dean; they're your soldiers.  In your case, listening is educational.  You also seem to enjoy it."
"How long until Andy…." He stops, realizing something else. "He'll wait for me, right?"
"They wanted to kill you?"  Cas's expression doesn't change, but Dean knows him, and that says everything.  "They actually tried, didn't they?  They tried to kill you."
"I lied to you." Castiel watches as the color drains from Dean's face.  "There is someone left who has both the ability and the power to manipulate space and time.  All that would be required is meeting the price he would set in payment for the favor.  How does this story end, Dean?"
"I've never lied to you."  After a few seconds of ignoring Dean's patiently stare of are-you-fucking-with-me, he rolls his eyes. "I don't think what either of us say when we argue counts.  If you feel differently, you've made several statements that I feel require clarification on their veracity."
Well, yeah; she wasn't a potential murderer who listened to Cas laughing after a barrage of gunfire that should have killed him.  He hopes they heard it in their dreams every goddamn night.
"One one thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand," Njoya recites as she and Neeraja extend their arms for Sudha to hold when she shifts off the bed to crouch on the floor, eyes turned inward as her abdomen seems to visibly ripple.  "Four one thousand, five one thousand...."
"Then we'll save as many as we can until then."
Before Cas can start again with all the other fun things you can do with a cabin of invisibility (cabin of death, of lots and lots of dead monsters) to fuck with people (gods, angels, werewolves, vampires, this list is getting way to long), he makes himself stop and take a long drink before moving on to practicalities.
"Where--hat," Dean says vaguely, in lieu of any of the other dozen questions that spring to mind as he crosses the room.
"It's--" She tightens her lips.  "I've never seen him this still."
Either the result of necessity in the face of extended illness or sheer, constant exposure, Cas is slipping, and in the most ridiculously mundane ways possible: fumbled glasses never hit the floor (Cas never seems to fumble anything, ever, but he and Vera aren't blessed with reflexes that may or not possibly break the sound barrier if required), trays of food are never overturned by anyone's sudden movement (it happens, he's tired, hospital corners, did he mention
"Angels wanted to fuck humans to get closer to God?" Amanda asks blankly.
"Of course not," he interrupts impatiently.  "I simply wanted to assure she wasn't upset unduly.  Why didn't someone--"
"Five."  He blinks at Dean, who shrugs.  "Dean's cabin's fine."
"Five hundred was what we were told, but that really is a guess; entire families were gone in days," she answers tonelessly.  "Not just Laredo: we're talking Brownsville to El Paso, and a lot of towns on either side of the border, and no one has the number for the Mexico side, even us.  No one really paid attention who didn't live there; a lot of it happened on the wrong side of the border or in the wrong neighborhoods on this side.  The living conditions in some areas were--" She swallows. "The landlords only do what they have to, and if they can get away with not doing it, they will, so when it hit, it was bad.  Usually, the old and very young are the most vulnerable, but this strain…we lost twenty-five witches under fifty and all the older apprentices. There were four doctors, nine nurses, and several EMTs among them. The younger apprentices--like me--had been put in full isolation with
"Got it; you can wait," Dean says, nodding with barely leashed impatience.  "Now what--"
"Amber didn't like who she was living with; I said she could move in with me," she continues.  "Then Brenda had a fight with her boyfriend, and I had two roommates to hang out with.  Amanda and I sparred twice a week; once in her specialty, once in mine.  I learned surgery from Darryl and how to sew from Vera and how to drink from Ana and how to conspire against my team leader with Joe.  I practiced every day I was in the camp, and after a month, I knew I had the master dances
"Judgy," Alicia says, tipping her head sideways to regard the air above Cas's head thoughtfully.  "And not in awesome way that gets you a cool superhero name, but the kind where you want to invent new mortal sins just to offend her more. I had a list."
"If you're looking for Cas," she says after taking a drink, "he's still with Jeremy."
"Because the team leaders were all dead, and I had no idea what I was doing."
"Not," Dean grinds out, wondering how to explain or if there is a sane explanation for this, "helping."
Motioning Dean to one of the sleeping bags spread on the floor in her team's room, Alicia locks the door and takes the other one, settling cross-legged and uncannily calm.
"More than that," he says without thinking and quickly adds, "Just the useless parts. No one'll miss 'em.  Dangerous buildings, people, shitty combination, it's fine."
"So you just pulled 'Ichabod' out of thin air?" Dean asks Alison dubiously as he follows her toward the city square, feeling dusty and awkward and like he should be a lot more impressive as the leader of  Kansas's only working army against Lucifer.  "What was the name of the town before, anyway?"
"The ones coming in now aren't in great shape," Alicia continues, expression darkening  "Dolores is opening a second infirmary for the ones that need treatment on Third, since that's the official and only entry point.  Mostly frostburn and exhaustion, nothing too serious yet."
Their return to the camp is interminably long and utterly silent.
"Teresa helps when she can."  She shrugs, taking another drink.  "Noise shared is noise halved, or something.  I concentrate on her, she can help me block out the rest. Mostly."
Teresa and Cas look at each other, and no, he doesn't miss the way Cas rolls his eyes and Teresa's answering slight nod.  "Perhaps," he says (to Teresa, very obviously), "the earth simply hadn't actively noticed him before then; his offering wasn't done here, after all, and without a formal introduction, she would have no reason to pay him specific attention.  There are so many people in Ichabod, and the sheer number entering--not to mention Sudha's labor and your efforts to protect the town--
Cornelia seems to shrink.  "She is my daughter," she whispers.  "You would have me send her to madness among the shades?"
Because to Vera, the most important thing for survival is knowing people, their buttons, and how to push them.  She said some secrets are meant to be kept, and this was one of them.  She might kill Cas by accident, but somehow, his chances were still higher with her than anyone else.
"Did I mention using her blood to…"
"I’m strangely less surprised than I should be," Cas admits, and Dean takes him in, slumped and loose-limbed, hair a mess, and fights back the now-automatic reach for him.  Three days, he thinks depressingly, and he's already a junkie looking for his next Cas-shaped fix.
Getting up, Cas extends his hand, unrepentant.  "You're going to be late, and I'm not sorry at all," he says in satisfaction, pulling Dean to his feet and turning toward the rifle leaning against the foot of the bed before Dean's grip on his hand pulls him up short. "Dean?"
The shivering eases, then stops.  Curling into the growing warmth, he surveys the stretch of Ichabod before him; if he had this night to do again, there's nothing he would change.
"You want to throw me off, don't do a six play run," Dean tells him smugly.  "It's just your luck you're manipulating?  Tell me I'm right, I'm on a roll here."
"How many?"
"It's not as effective," Cas says slowly, and kind of like maybe he's talking between his teeth, "if it must combat two of their senses at once."
Death is the least of their concerns at the moment.  "It's complicated."
"If Dean could only see you now," Cas says softly, mocking.  "His loyal lieutenant: he would put a bullet in your head and cut you throat with Ruby's knife."
"I would tell my partner," he says, ruthlessly suppressing the urge to laugh.  "But right now, I suspect he'd agree with anything I said, no matter how inane, including the steps by which I could disembowel him."
"Thank you," he answers, shaking her hand politely before his gaze drifts to her assistants--like her, dressed in the proper attire for dealing with Croat-infested bodies--and finally come to rest on the stretcher, two sheets folded discretely on top of a folded body bag.
"And yet, you dramatically missed the point," Cas answers.  "Payment rendered is and must always be from yourself alone.  You never had the right to force others to make payment for you."
"About a large number of people, though not specifically that," she replies, and Dean files that away as 'probably will have to find out what else' though fuck if he want to.  "Kat was acting--she seemed calmer," she says suddenly, lowering her eyes, and Dean wonders if it's personality or something else that keeps her so contained, that just seeing that tells him how much stress she's under.  "She's always been an extrovert, and I assumed company was helping her.  Under the circumstances, I didn't think to intercede or report it."
"Food, then report," Joe says firmly, and Dean goes with it because there is, actually, bacon. He can
"One of the this year's tribunes of the plebs," she tells him, looking scornful as the man raises an arm in awkward oratorical flourish; even Dean winces seeing that. "Not an inspiring lot to be sure, but he surpasses all in mediocrity."
"Had my moment of revelation?  Yeah, which says a few things about me I'd rather not know," Joe says ruefully as Dean looks between them in bewilderment. "Let me give you the demographics: five mayors, two were women; five deputies, three were women; but our personal security force of ten, all men.   They sat at the back of the room, didn't say a thing, but on a glance, it looked like a lot of men with a few women and--"
"Thank you," Amanda tells him, grinning at Dean.  "Give me an hour, I'll have the kids sorted out and update Cas before we hit the town.  You anywhere before then...."
"That's it," he whispers as more appear, each faster than the last; she's learning.  "It's perfect."
He fights down any sense of reassurance from that.  "Is this a tragedy for the ages, an adamant disagreement, or a fight?  I defer to your expertise."
Giving Dean surreptitious glances, James hands Cas the remote before they start toward the mess in a fast walk, vanishing behind Cyn and Jane's cabin while Cas goes to crouch beside a box near one of the posts and places the remote inside.  Staring at Cas's back, Dean takes a deep breath; so this is going well.
"I didn't, not until after Lucca's conception," he answers. "When I completed the reversion, it showed me its mind in hopes that would buy it mercy.  When I saw…." The blue eyes chill.  "I took it apart, of course, and found it all, and what it used against you in defiance of your correction and your will."
Looking surprised (relieved), Cas drifts to the foot of the bed and sits down.  "It couldn't tell us very much, even if translation and context weren't a problem.  The corruption of the earth would have been its priority, and I doubt it even noticed--or cared--what was actually happening in the church itself, it not being earth," he answers, pulling one knee against his chest and frowning.  "Even if it could, however, I wouldn't release it."
"Or they came together," he says absently.  Those who catalyze violently tend to be both physically close to each other and from the same towns and even families, their reactions almost simultaneous.  While correlation doesn't equal causation, it does make him wonder if familiarity was also a factor; if one's brother or close friend became catalyzed, it would raise the chances of a similar reaction instead of being frozen.
"An hour before dusk, not including merchants or vendors who arrived early for setup," Cas tell him quietly.  "Dusk was at four thirty-eight."
She nods before closing her eyes, and after a minute of watching her, Dean turns his attention to Cas, who just looks like he's inventing new geometry for the next time he reorganizes the pantry.  It's pretty boring, but every once in a while Cas looks vaguely surprised, so there's that.  Fortunately, it doesn't take long; Alison opens her eyes, looking thoughtful, and Cas's frown deepens, but nothing continues to happen.
He raises an eyebrow. "I have no idea what about that scenario could possibly be questionable in either intent or result."
"I remember."  She looks guiltily surprised. "I overheard you talking to Cas--never mind.  You never said anything, and I appreciate that."
"How was she?"
"I found it in the attic when Dean and I went to…I told Dean we might need Bobby's books," Cas says, voice wavering briefly. "He didn't notice it among the other boxes."
"Over fifty that I could see," she says.  "And a lot I couldn't, since the lights aren't that big.  They said it's over three hundred and counting."
(Whatever that means.  He's not certain any school in all of history recommended tossing Croatoans across state lines just to see what happened, but its effectiveness argues it definitely should have been.)
in command of the camp.  Front,"  Vera's eyes widen as he flips the first page, "and back.  Ask me how many of these he wrote?"
There's a brief, uncertain silence that lasts two sides of tape before Dean blows out a breath.  "You forgot one part."
"Sam is Lucifer's vessel.  He said yes," he answers, throat tight.  "I'm the one who said no to Michael, and that's why the Host left."
Dean, jerked out of comfortable misery when Cas's hand stops moving, thinks he's never heard a single word able to encompass death and dismemberment and dry leaves in unmentionable places, a lot of them, and that's just how it
"Then we have a deal."  Standing up, Castiel removes the chair and steps back, watching Dean sit up warily, hands deceptively loose at his sides.  "There are seven hours left in the day.  What you do--" As expected, Dean's on his feet before he finishes the sentence; catching the punch easily, Castiel turns him before shoving him into the wall hard enough to knock the breath out of him.  "That was incredibly stupid."
"The camp," Cas answers, like he's wondering about Dean's sanity.  "Your soldiers.  Those who lived on the porch for two weeks and only with an effort could Vera and I assure them you were well enough that they could leave.  There was praying and singing, I'm sure I told you about that.  Your entire fever had a soundtrack of morbid hymns, depressing
Shifting them back so he can lean against the cliff, Dean gathers him closer and tells him everything.
"Good," Dean says.  "Then you'll appreciate what I'm about to tell you.  I'm gonna give you a choice."
"No idea," she answers, glaring at him.  "This is you; you do stuff like this."
"Yeah," she says softly.  "Your Spanish for tourists was better than Zena thought; how did you find out she was at risk if she tried?  They wouldn't have talked about it in front of you.  And for that matter, how'd you figure out she planned to make the offering?"
"Yeah.  If Micah knew she'd be here, he knows why, whether he was helping her or not. Just--make sure Cas and Vera are protected, and Amanda, too; Erica holds a grudge, she hates them and she hates Cas and Amanda even more because they were the only ones that could kill her and didn't pretend they wouldn't if she stepped out of line even once.  The only thing that kept her from a suicide mission when they failed at the cabin was she hated Lucifer most of all, and that's saying something.  I know her, Dean; no matter what she's doing or why she's here, Cas, Vera, and Amanda are going to be targets."  Her face crumples briefly, but with another breath, it smooths out again.  "I won't run, I won't hide, I won't fight, I swear, I get what's coming next.  Just--just let me see Andy through this first, please."
"Yes," Cas says slowly, blue eyes suddenly finding something really interested in the wall by the bedroom door.  "In the sense I assumed you would appreciate the privacy."
Castiel is unpleasantly startled by the appearance of Kyle, who drops down on the other side of Alicia's body.  "Why isn't she... Alicia, wake up!"
"So how long until ice baths become a feature, anyway?" Dean demands roughly.
"Why," Dean asks suspiciously, "does this feel like you're also trying to get out of going?"
," he answers bluntly.  "Opimius grows swollen with pride and power, more by the day; thus far, your name has not been added to the lists, but I would not trust in the Senate's mercy.  The daughter of Africanus might be overlooked, but not the mother of the Gracchi.  The sister perhaps, but the wives and children of Tiberius and Gaius, never."
"Yeah," she answers, licking her lips nervously.  "I want him here, too.  So sue me, but this is the first time I've done it, and I'd like my instructor to tell me I'm doing okay."
"I'm fine--stop that!" he says, outraged when one hand lands on his forehead as she looks at him intently.  "What the hell?"
"Castiel of Chitaqua," he answers politely, and her eyebrows rise curiously.
"Bless you," Joseph says, getting to his feet to investigate.  "Two days on MREs, my boots were looking good."
That's also a valid point.  "This is going great so far," Dean tells him glumly over the rim of his bottle.  They're going to kill each other, sarcastically.  "What do you think?"
"I don't know if the number of ways is actually infinite or only seems to be, but it seems I'll have the opportunity to find out."  Castiel glances at Dean.  "Follow my instruction exactly.  If you slip, I'll catch you."
--this time, he's slumped against the wall, chest riddled with bullets and sightless eyes staring into Dean's; there's not even enough left for accusation--
"You think I don't
"Right," Alicia says, catching it between her forefinger and thumb just above the hilt and letting the blade slide between them until she's holding only the dangerously sharp tip before flipping it higher with a delighted smile, for Alicia also very much enjoys what she can do.  "I saw hers at Insert Winter Holiday and didn't even steal it--though I could have after shot five of vodka and maple syrup--and regretted that I didn't all night until I saw this on the table the next morning when I got home."
"Yeah, I was wondering about that," she answers, looking around with a baffled expression.  "Are you drunk cleaning or something?  You do that?"
Despite the short period of time they were in HQ, Fourth Street already hosts a considerable number of the celebrants, including several vendors of alcohol setting up on the sidewalks as well as those with goods for trade.  Unsurprisingly, the eastern side of Fourth Street has the greatest concentration so far.  Roughly two hundred feet from the last standing building and within Teresa's ward line (and the revised patrol route, he assumes), the bonfire is located in what appears to be the parking lot of a strip of stores, though all that remains are concrete foundations and badly cracked asphalt.  The rubble was only recently cleared and set in discrete piles for use as another barrier against attacks, which Tony and Walter are currently working on designing.
"Come on, supervising the militia in Ichabod for a few days isn't a reward for anything," he says reasonably.  "More like a really subtle way to fuck with you, if you think about it."
"Grace without direction or purpose is very deadly, but that much released on the earth at once would have other side effects as well," Cas tells her, straight-faced honesty better than any lie could ever be.
"There's always a choice," he argues.  "She's doing this for
"No, that part, I get," he interrupts.  "Knowledge is power, and just knowing some of it--if I got desperate, I could fuck shit up badly." It's not like he hasn't done that pretty thoroughly without access to way too much power.
"I don't know, Master," she whispers.  "Sometimes--I thought it was--it felt like I was supposed to come here."
"…tell Chuck to make me papers.  I know how to cross, you know that."
After a moment, Sappho says, "The reason your mother's dislike of the children of Cato the Elder's eldest son has often eluded me."
"I'm still dealing with you learning human via TV," Alison says, setting his cup in front of him before seating herself again.  "That explains a lot."
Blinking, he does, and belatedly braces himself when she uses it to guide her momentum on a quick jump onto the gurney, straddling his chest without putting any pressure on his ribs, knees pinning his arms just above the elbow.  Placing one hand on his forehead, she firmly eases it back onto the thin mattress and frowns down at the man severely.
"You're angry at me," Cas observes intelligently.  "What would help with that?"
She sits back, eyes narrowing as she gazes at him over the rim of her cup.
"How Sherlock Holmes of you," Dean observes.  "I know your feelings on morphine, but you ever try the seven percent solution?"
Amanda's elbow bumps his just as Mira manages to herd Nate toward the dancers while Kamal and Anthi snicker quietly over their cups. "Any way you can find out if this is pre-emptive or something definite?" she murmurs, jerking her chin at the back of Alison's head.
Which Chuck would know really well.  "He mentioned a tattoo."
"Wait," he says, taking a step toward the balcony and Evelyn neatly pushes him back. "Stop it!  Alicia!"
Wetting her lips, her mouth trembles on the next words.  "That's not fair."
"Not at the moment."  Especially with Dean breathing in his ear.  He wonders if smiling would help; he suspects--from the expressions of the three across from him--it would not.  "It's nothing to be concerned with," he says reassuringly, which doesn't seem to help, either.  "Nate, I suspect contamination is the reason that you were able to successfully repair Winchester House."
"What the--" Okay, fuck that. "Come here.  Wait, get the first aid kit and
"I won't," Dean promises, resting a hand on Cas's shoulder before starting back toward the jeep. "So, Pinky, what are we doing now?"
"Joe transcribed everything," he answers.  "Why?"
Cas regards him seriously for way too long, then nods, like he just came to life-changing decision.  "If you can't tell the difference, ask me."
Dean looks up and smiles and Crowley is the room with the Master of the Pit and an angel in Hell with full access to the entirety of the Master's power.  The only reason he doesn't run now isn't that it wouldn't matter (he'd still try), but he can't quite get his legs to move.
"Hell's ruled by corrupted angels," he explains.  "The last angels in all existence, in fact.  She wouldn't trust a Fallen angel to resist them for long, or perhaps even want to.  They are--technically--still my Brothers."
to leave it there.  What we take with us is only what we need.  They say there's no mercy in Hell; that's a lie, too, here's the truth.  The rack is mercy; it's what shows us exactly what we need to keep.  I broke an angel of Hell on the rack and they're still on it; they can't get up even now, they can't take it.  A human, though; we can take
He keeps smiling as he watches her go to get the chair, dragging it the other side of the coffee table and sitting down to look at him in polite interest.  Cas didn't ever need to tell him she used to be a Marine; one look at the flawless posture, the kind of upper body strength he wouldn't mind having for himself, and brown hair pulled back into the most severe ponytail in the history of ponytails and he got it loud and clear.  Not to mention her default when not sitting is 'parade rest', which was definitely a clue.
Despite himself, he's curious.  "People lie to themselves a lot?"
"Cynothoglys was the last born of Ether, brought into being at the very cusp of the beginning of all things, and perhaps because of that, she was different; she observed the cycles of creation and saw beauty not in birth but in the cycle of decay and death.  She watched the heat death of the first newborn star and found ecstasy in it.  She was like her brethren in this much; she was a child and thought nothing of sharing her discovery with all.  She was called the Mortician of the gods: to look upon her was ecstatic death, and none were exempt from it."
"Still wondering how the hell anyone can fuck beside half a goddamn cow."
fucking the frozen moon that is Cas?  Is that what he's saying?"
"Thirty this time," Amanda observes neutrally as she falls into step beside him.  "Look better than the last few groups."
"No one," Dean interrupts, "is gonna fucking deal for me."
"The barrier?" Vera sucks in a breath.  "You think whoever made it in the first place is--recharging it, whatever?  Why?"
"Yes," she answers in surprise.  "Lewis and Alicia convinced her to take a few shifts, get her out of her building and around people, do her some good.  I wasn't sure about her being with Sudha last night, but it turns out...." She searches his face.  "Dean?"
Dean smiles at her, all teeth.
"Does it bother you because it's Sidney--which is understandable, though he improves a great deal when hostility is absent--or because Dean was involved with Jane?" he asks and earns himself a glare.  "Dean was involved with many women in Chitaqua, so why…." He stops himself; Dean's initial inhibitions regarding involvement with anyone in the camp were the result of both unfamiliarity with them and discomfort with the identity he was assuming.  Time and familiarity, however, have made both irrelevant, and Jane is admittedly the most physically attractive woman in the camp, if one appreciates Rubenesque brunettes with perfect marksmanship, which is everyone sane.
"There's that," Dean agrees, finishing his own slice and eyeing the remaining third that Joe's hand freezes in his reach for.  "Split it?"
He should have asked Cas more about those that left.  Even if he didn't want to tell who was at his cabin that night, Dean's pretty sure by now he could guess by Cas's reaction to their names.  "Just say it."
A warm body drops beside him, coat brushing his arm.  "So.  How's it going?"
"What did she say to you?" Dean demands.
He's glad he can't actually imagine what that must have been like; on a guess, 'sucked' is probably an understatement.
This is Relationships 101 shit (see, Sam, he's got the basics down fine), Chitaqua Edition: there are things you just don't dump on your significant other. There may be circumstances in which this kind of thing should be shared, but he can't think of any unless they run into a dreamwalker or something who can manifest dreams into reality, in which case yeah, a heads-up would probably be appreciated by all.
"Thanks.  That means a lot coming from you."  Glancing down at the gun, Dean takes a deep breath before grinning at him.  "Let's do this."
"No."  She laughs outright, and Castiel wonders if he's the only one that hears the relief in it.  "You think there's anything I wouldn't do for you?  Kill me; I'll let you, if that's what it takes to prove it."
"How'd the Host get you, anyway?"
"I meant to ask," Castiel interrupts, hoping to return the conversation more stable ground, "why you returned early.  I thought you were staying until tomorrow afternoon."
"Dean, it's a celebration taking up a single street," he persists. "Unless you want me to remain at the picnic table all night, there's nowhere to go where there aren't people and many of them."
"…just saying, kind of ironic I was called on the carpet for being late--"
"It's obscene," he answers calmly.  "They'll be found, their names discovered and their faces recorded, and their bodies given a clean burn and the ashes buried with salt to assure their mortal remains are not desecrated.  Those who bear responsibility for their deaths will be found and will make full payment for their actions, to me if at all possible."
Her expression softens briefly. "Anything else?"
"Sixty-seven," Cas answers, starting to frown.  "Why would that matter?"
"We did."
"You're enjoying this."
This isn't the stupidest thing he's ever done, but he can't know for sure, not until he knows the reason he's doing it.  Starting down the road again, he supposes he's given himself plenty of time to find out.
"There is, actually," he says, keeping his gaze strictly on the world outside the windshield.  "I'm just not sure what it is."
Castiel thinks: I do know better than this and I don't care.
"No," Cas says flatly, and Manuel gets a stubborn look that Dean recognizes from his own face.  "Cathy already deliberately infected one person with Croatoan--"
"Find Publius," Sappho says, grabbing a frightened looking man and staring into his eyes. "He is on his way to the market; tell him we have need of him and to run."  As soon as he nods, Sappho follows in Cornelia's footsteps.
"What else you got?"
"Mission comes first," she counters.  "Like I told Dean, I get what happens next--"
"They don't," Dean interrupts, watching Cas's profile.  "You do."
Author Notes (belated): So you're probably wondering about graphene.
Crowley wrinkles his nose with a moue of manufactured hurt.  "You wound me."
"Oh God, shut up. I wasn't--"  He blows out a breath.  "Teresa thinks I should--I mean, she offered--she asked me to consider becoming her apprentice."  He glances at Cas, who nods and says absolutely nothing whatsoever.  "What do you think?"
"Maybe not telling at all," he suggests.  "Ever?  You practically told them if we're not careful, we might end up as mind-controlled robots under Alison's psychic domination forever--or until Lucifer kills us all, which may or may not be worse, I'm still thinking."  Cas doesn't respond, but his jaw tightening minutely, and that's what he calls a red flag.  "Come on, what's going on?"
"I will be right outside," Cas says after a few seconds of Dean staring at him significantly. Some moments aren't meant to be shared (or even exist, but he's accepted he's going to have a lot of moments like that in his immediate future).  "Very well, please attempt to avoid falling and concussing yourself before I can stop you."
Dean blinks, startled.  "Uh--"
"We all have secrets, Dean," she interrupts, hand white-knuckled around the head of her cane, tendons bulging in stark relief against the thin skin.  "You, of all people, should know that."
"I promise to keep to my side, which feel lucky, because Sam, you never know how the hell you'll wake up." He looks into the distance, remembering.  "Could be sweating to death with octopus arms or burrito in progress beside you while you freeze your ass off."
Coming in behind her, he sees Drew slumped against the left wall on a sleeping bag, the position of his arms behind him indicating they're bound and a torn bedsheet wrapped inexpertly around his thigh that's worryingly red.  Phil is curled on his side with his head in Drew's lap, arms also bound behind him and frighteningly still.
"Amanda?" Dean asks after a moment, raising his eyebrows as Amanda makes herself comfortable against his side, throwing a leg across his thigh for balance while Leah scoots to a slightly more upright position. "Really?"
"But that's nothing, right?  Not compared to how you and humanity got started."  Castiel freezes, unable to hide it from that penetrating stare.  "So that's it."
This stillness, however, isn't like that, and Dean honestly doubts that Cas lets himself do this very often; like the strength and speed, he minimized what couldn't be hidden, and like those two things, with Dean, the habit seems to be slipping.  Of all the times to realize that, this may be the worst; this conversation already has the earmarks of something that Cas didn't like to think about (forgot?), and Dean wasn't excited about doing this before.
Felt like longer, but when you have to do half the work for your goddamn torturer, time gets weird.  "It was supposed to be this way," he says, hushing Cas when he starts to protest. "It had to be, Cas."
Dean clenches his right hand against the mattress and knows Cas sees it.  "Part of the entire, uh, dream--hallucination sequence thing. That part lasted a little longer, I guess."
"I think we hit the bottom of the barrel," Dean continues, reaching out to flip back several pages and craning his neck to read the list of Chitaqua members with experience on patrol before shaking his head.  "Everyone we got left hasn't been out of this camp except for supply runs since that first statewide survey you did--"
"Does he always pull shit like this?" Dean demands.
"Joe," he says, "help me get this up on a table by those other maps."
"Thank you, Spock of Camp Chitaqua, we'll call that option one," Dean drawls after a significant (annoying) pause.  "Or the more believable--and sane--option two: same master, two separate plans, both part of a much bigger plan with the probability there are more parts."
Sean nods jerkily, and Dean goes back to the railing, peering down at the still-silent masses who really need better hobbies, but until then he'll just have to keep them busy himself.
Blinking the sand from his eyes, he ignores the waves lipping along the vague impression of a shore just short of his boots.  A quick inventory of his injuries is aborted before it starts; nothing more depressing than realizing you shouldn't even be standing, much less fighting.  Today's to-do list: drive back to Chitaqua (fuck it, he doesn't need a babysitter), steal some painkillers, sleep for a day, and if anyone wants their shit, feel free to come by and watch him set it all on fire in the front yard; he'll barbecue dinner over the flames.
To his surprise, Cas smiles at him, some invisible tension easing, and it hits him how alone Cas is right now.  End of the world, his leader dead, hiding Dean, doing a job he doesn't know and hates, and lying to everyone about pretty much everything because the alternative is worse.  Thinking of Sidney, of Cas's aborted 'they', he adds in 'may be in danger of being killed' and has to admit he'd be drinking like a lifestyle choice by now.
"Oh.  Right, got it." She shifts again, biting her lip before peering up at him, a flicker of humor in the blue eyes.  "So in the morning, you'll tell me if it's okay to do again?"
Alicia whimpers like she's dying but raises her hand, while Jody and Matt, sitting on Alicia's other side, both give a tired thumbs-up, which for some reason makes Alicia--who's apparently hit the crazy part of post-adrenaline rush--starts laughing again.
Turning away, Dean gives the circle a wide berth on his way to the back of the church.  Taking a deep breath, Castiel forces himself to move, stepping into the circle and crouching as if to study the char again, though all it tells him is fire was involved at some point; the design itself was burned away entirely.  It's an excellent excuse, however, to pretend not to hear Dean as he approaches, footsteps echoingly loud in the silence before coming to a stop directly behind him.
"You--" He stops, still staring at him in surprise.  "Lucifer is very proud, and refusal tends to--bother him.  Once I refused, killing me would be admitting he lost.  In this case, there's no urgent reason for my death; I'm not a threat to him, so he can afford to indulge his hurt pride and try to wait me out."
"Whatever."  He rolls her eyes at her faint grin. "Look, I trust you, and not just because of that.  You did good at Alpha; shows leadership skills and diplomacy and shit."
Closing his eyes again, he fights down panic, the sound of his own too-rapid breathing filling his ears: a monotonous day stretches before him, the endless drag of time broken into discrete units and filled with anything, everything he can find to do, sex and drugs, chemical euphoria and the long, slow crash before it begins all over again.  His existence stretches to the beginning of time, but since he Fell, he learned the meaning of forever; it's mortality, the march of linear time where seconds last years and days eons and never seems to end.
"Oh, that's all," she says, one corner of her mouth curving in reluctant amusement.  "You know, I'd bet on you.  Too bad we don't have a time labyrinth to keep them distracted while you figure it out.  Or something more interesting than a baby former god and a--Nate."  She tips her head toward the door.  "If there's nothing else, I'd better go--"
"Fentanyl with a potassium chloride chaser, added a lethal dose of cyanide because why not?" she continues dreamily.  "Brought that one with me, glad I did, for did I need it?  I did.  No mistakes: this time, had to get it right first try.  Grabbed a box of syringes and some gloves, I was ready for just about anything.  Moved them from in front of the door first--"
"What? Why--"
"He said the same of you." He finds his smile widening in response to Gaius's.  "Thank you."
"Yeah, I think I am, thanks.  Promise, I'll be gentle this time."  She extends a hand across the table, grin widening.  "Don't be afraid."
Dean blinks.  "Wait, she just--offered up her land over dressing and cranberry sauce?"
"You were restricted from touching anything that could be a weapon for two weeks in training by Cas's order," Dean continues, enthusiastically taking a bite, the lack of flavor improved enormously by the taste of Joe's sheer horror.  "So here's my question: how many left feet do you have?  Amanda--"
"Very little Dean did made sense to me," he offers. "You get used to it."
"He'll be in the first floor isolation room," Callisto is saying, and he nods belatedly, stepping back.  "We turned on everything for--anyway, it should be fine in case we can't burn soon."
Burying his face in the mattress, Dean laughs so hard he can't breathe; faintly, over the sound of his own hiccuping gasps, he can hear Cas doing the same thing and that just makes him laugh harder.
"Alicia--"
Chuck blinks, uncurling a little to give Dean a searching look.  "He said that?  That he didn't have a choice?"  He frowns, eyes distant.  "Huh."
"Good."  Sitting down on the edge of the bed, Dean toes off his boots, but there's a sense of unreality that he can't shake off, like everything's just an inch off where it should be.  "Dean?"
"We're almost at the gate."
"Now you know," Amanda says, taking another drink.  "It was like a weird sex Wikipedia or something.  The thing with the Bacchanals…."
2.) The chapters have been jumped by two, but I still have two chapters that are see-sawing close to my (now) 30K limit because
"Yes, tonight, as in roughly three quarters of an hour ago.  Dean, tell her what you told me," Cas says, leaning an elbow on the table.  "Specifically, what you were dreaming about tonight."
"She prayed."  He feels himself smiling.  "By a very loose interpretation of 'pray' while she was engaged in single combat with a demon armed with only a shepherd's crook and a strong sense of personal affront.  She couldn't possibly win," he adds more quietly.  "She also didn't particularly care."
Layering up graphene into a Theoretically Awesome Graphene Wall was impossible, but I had a second option: bilayer graphene sheets chemically bonded to silicon carbide like a really awesome skin; third option, a single bilayer of graphene stitched between bilayers of silicon carbide over and over like a layer cake with lots of layers (billions) (before you say "holy shit" no, my idea was the silicon carbide, not the stitching); fourth option: get some graphene powder and sprinkle it on the silicon carbide like baking powder in a cake.
Joe swallows the rest of the tortilla like a machine who likes flatbreads too much.  "Huh?"
Dean glances at Cas, who's frowning.  "What?"
As soon as they're gone, Dean turns to look at Cas.  "Sorry, I forgot."
Frantically, Castiel reviews his early arguments and realizes that point is covered nowhere in them, and while there are several possibilities, there are holes in them all. "Our agreement with the Alliance--"
It's not that they couldn't kill him after that--part of your submission is verbally acknowledging their right to do just that but with way more words interspersed with pauses for recreational groveling--but see angelic sensibilities and their thing for order; they can, but as long as he plays inside their rules, they
"No."  He stares at his hand very hard. Either Cas is hiding utter horror better than anyone ever (not impossible) while doing a fucking expert massage or--  "There's more. At Volunteer Services, I thought you were dead."
"Cain and Abel both loved God," Castiel says incredulously.  "In case you weren't aware of this, that story did not end well."
Blocking Mark's next punch, Dean surreptitiously glances around and nods to himself, finger throbbing almost frantically; time to wrap this up.  Straightening, he ignores the audible pop from his back; that's not good, but he'll care about it maybe never.
Castiel ignores the charged silence as they sort through the cardboard box of tea bags, choosing their favorites from the variety available.  To his surprise, Dean picks over them for several seconds before fishing out two, dropping one in Castiel's cup and then his own.
"What?"
"It's not kindness."
during tribal assembly.  The mob was incited by my fellow Senators who feared the loss of their power," a deeper voice says, and she glances up with a shy smile at Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus as he rests a hand on her shoulder.  "I died in the service of the People of Rome; I would do it again without regret.  The waters of Lethe may not have it.  I refuse their offer."
Alicia's had enough of her choices taken away today (and during her whole goddamn life); short of suicide by Cathy, she gets to have this one, even if its shitty.  From the corner of his eye, he sees Manuel and Anyi waiting and moves to his least favorite subject.  "Kat?"
Micah shifts impatiently, then takes a step forward and meets Ana's hand and looks like he's not sure whether to be insulted she did it or horrified to realize he's actually been pushed back an entire step.  "Joe, what's the hold up?"
Dean lets out a breath.  "So we're at foot traffic only."
Dean looks at the windows, the door, then at the chair where Cas was sitting that night, watching them taking their sweet time to get into position.  "You're kidding."
ran through the streets clothed only in the fresh skin of goats, any woman who wished for a child would stand so they might be struck with the blood or flesh of those skins and be granted fertility.  Sempronia was struck as they passed, and thus, fertility was granted and she gave birth to a daughter, named Fulvia in accord with her father's
"Yeah," he answers.  "Mel's team back?"
and this?" Dean points at the stretch of not-road.  "Probably the most interesting thing you've run across since you Fell.  I mean, eventually, anyway."
Dolores's lips tighten.  "She didn't deny it, no.  Even if Kyle was source, mine knew better than to listen, much less spread the word.  I apologize, Dean, and tell Alicia everyone involved will be doing the same to her personally."  She pauses to take another drink like she's bracing herself.  "Which is the second reason I'd like her here, at least for a couple of hours.  I don't want this to go an inch further; everyone sees her here working with patients just like always, that will do half the work."
"Nervous," she answers promptly, rocking her hand.  "Staring at breakfast like it might kill him, but since Penn's cooking…."
She nods, waiting.
, a fucking video game!  Shoot, get out of their way, shoot again, it's
"I'm not," Dean breathes, feeling the smile spreading across his face as warmth sinks into his bones.  He's not afraid at all.
Sappho hesitates. "Your mother--you think she is ill?"
, and maybe
He'd guessed that much, but hearing it is a whole other story.  '"And Darryl--"
"Six is a
"To disapprove of everyone," Alicia explains.  "At length. Pace yourself, that was my motto: only when she quoted Old Testament and use the word 'thy'. Otherwise: see poor Justin--"
"Yes, Master," she says breathlessly, worshipfully.  "Thank you, Master." Stepping back, she vanishes, and Dean steps off the cliff just as on the side closest to the border, the four idiots step onto the grass and abruptly look confused, because sometimes, everything just works out like that.
"Dean?"
"This will." He spits, but it doesn't disperse sour taste growing on his tongue.  How long did it take him to be affected by Jeffrey?  Longer, he would have thought, but at the moment, he can't be sure.  "Kill me."  Or worse, it won't; if last time was any indication of the progress, it could be weeks intensifying before it starts to ease off.  Maybe months, depending on how much he retained in his system.  That's a very long time to be without full control of himself, and Alicia
"About?"
"I know exactly what they bought," he interrupts.  "They should get what they paid for."
"Amanda, and Manuel is currently on duty for patrol while Teresa assists Alison in their social duties on behalf of Ichabod and the Alliance."
She stares at him for a long moment.  "One of your lieutenants has been suborned."
Dean hesitates before nodding grudgingly.  "I was okay until you actually cut the crust off of the toast."
Dean looks between the box and Cas and decides to just ask.  "If this is weird sex toys--"
"Still sulking, got it.  What about, who can tell--the ways of Castiel are mysterious and kind of fucked up." Annoyed, Dean drops into his seat, one leg hooking over the opposite arm, and after a moment, Castiel feels long fingers threading through his hair, stroking slowly.  He manages to resist the light pressure for all of a moment--which may be a new record--before leaning his head against Dean's thigh.  "Tick-tock, we're on the clock, people, so let's get this show on the road," Dean tells someone mildly, which is as good as a promise of a very, very horrible immediate future.
"Everyone's fine," she interrupts, smiling down at him. "You did it."
"Demons want to save the world?" Nate asks weakly, like he's not entirely sure he heard that correctly or--more likely--is rather terrified of the answer.
"What?"  Cas suddenly looks around the mostly-empty room, focusing on the table of medical whatever with an offended look (yeah, saw that coming) before looking at Dean again. "Where are we?"
Getting abruptly to his feet, he picks up his coat from the corner where he tossed it and frowns at the unexpected heaviness.  Reaching inside, he finds an unfamiliar box within one of the inner pockets and after a moment, recognizes it as the candle Wendy gave him.  The sense of power is obvious when he removes the lid, and taking it out, he closes his eyes; even unlit, the sense of calm and peace tucked in each curve of smooth wax is unmistakable.
"It might work," he adds, because he thinks it just might.  "She's going to try and distract Erica while I summon Crowley."
"Don't."  Satisfied, Dean's fingers trail down his cheek, thumb following the line of faint stubble, running the pad against the grain, and Castiel remembers--for no reason whatsoever--that he forgot to shave again today, a new habit picked up for reasons (Dean) a few days ago.  "It's a good look for you."
"In addition, certain protections can only be established in places that someone claims as their habitation--their home, in essence, or in any case their residence."
"Screaming," he whispers, eyes squeezed shut. "Please, Dean--"
"All his clothes," Alicia clarifies, grimacing.  "Mine, too, and Amber's bra, but who sorts out the laundry when engaged in mindless rage?  Kind of defeats the 'mindless' portion of rage, am I right?"
"So, we could be eating sandworm shit instead of freezing to death.  Thanks, Cas."
"I don't remember agreeing to that when she asked me to observe," he notes, taking another drink.
"Stretch your fingers so I can be sure the tape won't pull." As Dean complies with his request, he tries to think of another question, aware of Dean's pulse speeding more with every moment of silence.  "The asphalt was worn down from the tanks?"
"No, but that doesn't make it true," Crowley answers.  "The circle was untested; confirming its existence and that it was functional was the only goal.  Despite what you may think--or I, for that matter--humans can, on occasion, fulfill their own desires with the application of a sufficient work ethic--"
"Such nonsense," Sappho states, frowning. "You are of excellent health and sound of limb: he may wait a score of years in vain."
have done it," Dean says more softly, and from the resigned sound of his voice, he's been waiting to say that for some time.  "That's on me, Cas.  Ran out of there, forgot all about them."
"An unintended consequence," she answers promptly, and yeah, straight answer, who needs 'em?  He does, but no one's asking him what he wants.  "I was born, and when I was seventeen years old, I was supposed to die.  I didn't, because when I called, I got an answer.  And when I was asked, I said yes.  No one says no, Dean, not if they're worthy of the question.  You--" She shakes her head, smirking at him. "You'd know. You never said no in your life."
"It was like question and answer hell," Amanda says in bafflement. "Why yes, my stress ball is a gun but not
"Cranky as shit," Alicia translates.  "What was Dean doing at the daycare, anyway?  Wouldn't have called that one."
"Yeah, that talk I have to have with her tomorrow, I thought I should tell her when to show up."  Dean taps the stack of reports.  "Though Jesus, she went above and beyond reporting.  Gloria introduced her to grits, you know that?"
"Dean."  Alison groans, closing her eyes as her head thumps back against the chair.  "He's going to kill me.  Ran his boyfriend out of town
He thinks he gets why Cas was surprisingly reluctant to go into detail about exactly how much overlap there was between him and this Dean.  Even in a camp where he knows, just from observation, sex is everyone's favorite hobby, this Dean and Cas would've only been entirely sure of where they stood in relation to the women here over the last two years if the room contained only Amanda and Ana, who being the only two lesbians, knew nothing in the personal about their cocks or what they did with them.  Everyone else was an eternal crapshoot that took a lot of not thinking about it to work at all.
"About what?"
"Chuck, unless you possess knowledge of time and space that I don't, I don't think you're fit to judge what might be useful."
Dean's aim has never been less than flawless, cutting into the raw edges of an open wound that even time could not bother itself to heal.  He doesn't understand how after all this time it can still hurt like this.  "Is there anything else?"
Cas nods, eyes closing in honest to God relief, and just like that, Dean loses any motivation to stay pissed.  "None of them have any experience in patrol except James, and they felt inadequate in their new duties.  Despite my best efforts while sober, they didn't seem encouraged by my assurance they would improve with time."
"It's not you," he says finally.  To compound the horror, he spies a pair of scissors on the sink (how did he find them?), but a quick look verifies Cas hasn't done a chop-job on his hair, still tucked behind his ears, but now that he's looking, even that's off--too neat, lying there lifelessly when honest to God, Cas's hair has a personality of its own from the moment he leaves the shower and starts a war with him the minute it begins to dry.  "You doing this just to fuck with people or because you think…." He's not sure how to finish that.
.  One cockroach, how could it hurt me? I don't care:
she wanted bullets would have me signing anti-gun petitions just so she would never get one!"
Clairvoyance, too: what the hell, Apocalypse?  "When you became a psychic?"
"Fine, just tired, shit to do," he mutters before turning toward Alicia and her team.  To his relief, they seem to have missed the drama that is his fucking shitty health.  "First, what was the Third Street entrance point like?"
you--thumb working expertly over the slick head on the upstroke.  Christ, he's almost dripping; this isn't gonna take long at all.
"I'm her friend," Sarah answers quietly.  She and Melanie and Kat have been roommates almost since they arrived at Chitaqua, but he didn't realize how close Sarah and Melanie were. For that matter, until he saw Sarah with Kat after Andy died, he wasn't sure she was close to anyone, or had any desire to be.  "I should have anticipated--"
In a single turn, the second knife flashes out, and the child's dance again, thirteen dances to reach masters, five plus one to complete it, and then the final one he built with her those long ago days when it was near midnight and why not.  She does it last, when strength and reflexes have been strained, body pushed to the edge of its limits; everything in it is everything she knows, a test of nothing but pure skill, bone-deep training and repetition until she could do it in her sleep.  It's when she has nothing left to give, she told him once; when she can't breathe and can't think and only wants to lie down and has to stand back up and fight.
"So three days on patrol, huh?  Anything interesting happen?"
It takes him two tries to say it. "Made wrong."
"He didn't know about any of it," Amanda says, nodding when Carol looks at her disbelievingly.  "Look, they're dead and everything's different now.  If you let Vera talk to you, she would have told you--"
HE doesn't even try to unfist his hand; that way lies possible whimpering. "Bathroom," he says in a decent imitation of his normal voice.  Stroking down Cas's back with his left, he drops a kiss against his hair without thinking about it and wonders when he started doing that.  "Be right back, okay?"
"And they'd go along with that?" Alison asks incredulously. "Please help me go over the wall to see a demon?"
"You need to stop doing that," she states.  "You're delirious.  Terrible for thinking: don't do that. Or move, for that matter. No way to stitch you up otherwise, am I right?"
"Make one sound and I'll cut your throat here and now," he says pleasantly, and Micah chokes back the burgeoning scream.  "Cameras are off; you attacked me and I had to defend myself.  If anyone asks, I mean, and honestly?  No one will.  Now, answer me: how long?"
He keeps his focus on her hands, keeps his mouth shut, keeps his expression neutral; if he has to do it for her, he will, but he wants her to have first option on it.
"They're hunters; they'd concentrate their efforts in infected zones providing either supplementary containment of the Croatoan threat in the cities and on the borders or assist the local populations affected by the rising level of supernatural activity.  It's also likely they're the source of some of the supplies that get passed across the border by the guards, though the markup is probably considerable for the zone residents."
"You gained it in Lilith's bed."
She rolls her eyes, which he takes as agreement.
He nods when Haruhi looks at him and she jerks her head at Derek before heading down the hall with him on her heels.  Dean watches as long as he can before plausible deniability ends and he has to face Vera.
The world is right again as Cas remembers he really doesn't like him all that much.
"I am your mother; I should have
He began just after Amanda left at noon the previous day, and his mood, while not particularly cheerful, degenerated rapidly despite an impromptu trip to his shooting range that afternoon.  Rage and grief resulted in the destruction of many, many, many targets until his right hand shook too badly to even hold a gun, fingers refusing to even close, and his left little better; for the first time, Castiel was forced to stop him before he did himself serious injury.  Dean didn't even seem to notice as Castiel treating his blood-streaked palms, skin a mass of broken, oozing blisters between the bright swells of new ones growing beneath the developing calluses.  Glancing at his still-bandaged hands, gauze wrapped up to his wrists, he looks away before Dean catches him; Dean may not have noticed the damage he'd done to his palms, but he never stopped looking at the half-healed outline of teeth just above the wrist until it was covered by the gauze, expression a mixture of blind rage and blank curiosity edged with uneasy fear.
.  Among the topics discussed freely among them," Sappho says, committed to moving that chair like an eighth of an inch, "Sempronia's absence was noted and commented on, of course.  Among the older servants--whose age I'm sure must excuse them much--it was remembered that their marriage was--somewhat difficult." Publius nods casual agreement, and encouraged, Sappho continues.  "It was also said that Sempronia was subject to spells of dizziness and was often--clumsy, due to them coming upon her unaware."
Reaching for his not-bleeding arm, she pulls him helplessly toward the doors, grabbing her--staff?--on the way, and they emerge into an impossible summer day, all bright sunlight in a clear blue sky scattered with fluffy white clouds and rolling fields dotted with fluffy white--
"Lucifer."  Okay, so that changes things.  "Why would he care what was in that church, Cas? The design?"
"Interesting," Cas says in the voice of scientific curiosity. "You resisted catalyzation.  That may be another reason we have had so comparatively few actual incidents; there is resistance, and it may need time to wear down--"
without even a goddamn warning--"
"And not just the isolation room," she adds more quietly.  "Infirmary duty: when Dolores calls for all hands on deck, that means anyone who knows anything about bodies, even if it's just dead ones.  And everyone knows sometimes--there are some things Dolores can't fix and it's just a matter of time."  Her eyes fix on the truck ahead of them.  "And decide how much time is too much."
General notes for my extraordinary readers
Mark and Leah are charged with the responsibility of caring for Chitaqua's private liquor supply, nodding obediently at Dean's order to protect it with their own lives if necessary.  Looking pleased with the flagrant abuse of power, Dean's head snaps around as the smell of cooking meat strengthens, frowning at Amanda's reminder that it will be at least an hour before the time designated for dinner.
She stares at him blankly.  "That's supposed to be better?"
(Some things couldn't be written, and even more shouldn't be, and not just for Dean's sake; those things were private, meant for no ears but those chosen to share it.  In the bedroom that night, Amanda told him more, spilling words between sobbing breaths that described life in the wake of a tragedy that left no one untouched.
Huh.  "She sees herself in Cathy's place and doesn't like it."
Dean's grin takes on an edge of pleased malice, and he finds himself thinks of his own counterpart again, this time with a sense of unreality; he had to have known what it would mean to try and claim Creation itself and accept the worship of all humanity.  The limitations of an angel are nothing to those that bind a god; even dimly, he must have guessed how much he would lose.
"A thousand people," Alison says softly, eyes distant.  "Birth to death."
"Before the messengers came?" Sempronia nods.  "Has she the Sight?"
Dean looks at Joe, then Mel (no help whatsoever) and gives up, deliberately turning to look out the window.  Crazy people.
except for when someone is bleeding.
"Bit more complicated than that," Crowley demurs.  "But in essence, yes.  I do my part, everyone does theirs--whoever and whatever that might be--and the contract is satisfied once Lucifer is caged or dead while Dean Winchester is still alive and well on planet Earth."
"I'd love to know how they got the 'where'," Dean says.  "Good thing it was right in front of you, or you'd have been killed by those demons before you even knew I was still around."
"Manuel's correct; contagion can take as long as two hours to manifest in some cases," Cas tells Andy, cleaning his hands with an offered cloth before stuffing it in his pocket. Reaching out, he smooths away a non-existent wrinkle away on Andy's shoulder.  "You won't be alone even then, and I can be with you for as long as you wish.  Do you understand?"
"The other towns?"
"Risa?" Dean asks so casually that he might as well have added 'and this is not a casual question, in case you missed it'.  "She was one of the team leaders, right?"
Dean realizes belatedly Cas is waiting for an answer.  "You have a better idea?"
."  He meets her eyes.  "I can't bring her back, and I can't change the world so she never got infected at all.  But I can do this.  It's up to you what you do with it."
He closes his eyes.  "Professional pride may be a factor, yes."
"When did you decide that?" Cas asks neutrally.
Tossing him the keys, she starts to wind her way between the cars back to town, and Dean sighs, tossing them to Cas.  "You have the magic night vision, fine.  You drive."
"Teresa?"  She nods.  "I was wondering about Manuel after walking through patrol with him. They were partners before they got here, right?"
There's no way to mistake the guilty relief; it would help a great deal if Dean would admit he was relieved, but he supposes narrowly avoiding Dean attempting to prove how open-minded he is regarding Castiel's sex life is really enough of a victory.  Another week of thinking and it's possible he may have gotten to that.
"As soon as I figure out how," Dean agrees.  "Until then, I'll settle for you wanting to save yourself.  I'll give you every reason in the world to do it, but you gotta meet me halfway here.  The only thing you got to risk is disappointment, and--seriously, is it better not to give a shit about anything at all?"
"Before, you weren't there for the after," she says with a giggle, lifting a hand and waving it mid-air.  "Theory.  Practice.  Adrenaline.  Fun."
It's an effort not to smile.  "And you waste that time here because….?"
Interesting, and something he's gonna follow up one day.  Tipping his head back, he tries to think what they've got to work with realistically.  Mobilize everyone not needed to keep them in working plumbing and food, split up the state, and send them out for a fast and dirty check of what's going on.  The reports will be unreal after over a week under Cas's paper fist, but they'll also be thorough as hell.  Straightening, he looks at the kitchen table; he needs a map, like, now.
He wonders if he's supposed to respond to that.
Even if they can hardly remember the vague shape of what it was like to walk beneath an open sky, to wear flesh that never belonged to anyone else, that sliver of time they were here in an existence that spans eons in a place that strips them of everything that made them human, that, that much, Hell always lets them keep.  They know that they were human, once, even if they have no context to define the word; they know that this is their home, even if they lost what that means; that both of those things are true and that they'll never have them again.  No one could hate humanity as much as those that have been exiled from it; no one, even Lucifer, could possibly hate like a demon does, a hatred that Hell shapes into defining them.  "Billions, and that's just the start."
"Said she wanted to check on something and would be back."  Vera gets to her feet.  "Want me to send her over when she gets back?"
?  Even then, I didn’t think that would go over well.  But some of our routes to her suggestions went through there," he adds.  "Back then, no google maps, so no idea if that was the regular route, but on a guess, she was just double checking her conclusions on me.  Not that she even hinted she figured it out," he adds.  "She left that to
"Drew, Phil, get ready," Sarah says, not looking away from Kat. "Sorry, Alicia, she moved too fast for me."
.  "Maybe we all did, but we didn't give up, we kept trying.  Plain old humans, but we still did it; what the fuck is your excuse?"
"Just a few months in the
"Naresh," Dean says, extending a hand as Naresh gets to his feet.  "How's it going?"
"It's not inexplicable, one, and two, it's not just that, though that's all I'd need." Dean snickers briefly, shaking himself.  "Anyway, yes or no--could them not remembering that they signed be part of the contract?"
He nods.  "How long--never mind.  The child?"
"--didn't tell them he was dead!  Why did you…"  He has no idea what Dean is saying to him, only that it abruptly comes to a stop, and Dean's staring at him from only a foot away with an expression that Castiel can't remember how to interpret.  "Cas?"
"They would have found her immediately," Castiel agrees, scanning the road.  The Croats vanished into the semi-urban wilderness of northern Ichabod and are moving south; a perimeter was established immediately to protect the occupied streets, but despite that, some still appear at random intervals on Second, Main and Syracuse, though thankfully all are reported in lockdown, and no one living remains in the streets.  "Mark and Amanda were both instructed on what to do to protect her.  He'll take her to Chitaqua if Mark judges the situation untenable, and I told him exactly what that meant, in detail."
"What," Alison asks, "the
He didn't expect that.  "What?"
"Generally, it's more difficult to notice what's absent, rather than what's there," Cas answers, taking another drink.
Glancing into the kitchen, he sees the table is still littered with the detritus of lunch (noted: finished, excellent) but the chairs are still pulled away from the table, as if their inhabitants vacated them unexpectedly, and combined with the above....
"It doesn't hurt."  It hurts, but everything hurts, so it is not as if it's a distraction.  "He has always had poor impulse control.  It's like dealing with a spoilt child."
The stack of clothes on the toilet isn't a surprise; on a guess, they appeared while he was in the shower, around the time that the mirror got hung, and then Cas waited patiently in the freezing bedroom to make sure what Dean saw this time reflected at him what was actually there.  When he fit this plan (or knew there was a thing that needed a plan) into his morning between patrol, worrying about Dean's reaction to last night, and getting a game plan together for worst case scenario is anyone's guess, but of course he did.
.  Easy to fix: apply work ethic to practice and go."
When he returns, Dean checks his expression in the rearview mirror and can't stop himself from asking, "So what did Kamal say?"
"They didn't think they'd fail."
"I'm surprised you even noticed her," Cas adds casually as if in emphasis of the fucking obvious.  "Apprentices usually bore you, especially ones this early in their training."
"That's a different type of memory," Castiel argues, unable  to help himself.  "In any case, what does that have to do with--"
If you've read it, you just went "...oh boy."  Yeah, it was definitely that, but also this; Raj covers the end of British colonial rule of India through the eyes of Jaya, daughter of the Maharajah and Maharani of Balmer, who becomes basically Regent Maharani of Sirpur and I really can't explain the rest.  This book is one of the reasons I took several classes in Indian politics and culture (which turned out super-useful, since well over half my coworkers right now are Indian nationals).  It's incredible, let's put it that way.
is okay with his minions wandering around the greater Kansas area without a leash?"
"What?"  Andy looks down at her, then at the dingy bandage still covering his forearm. "Wait, I--I remember...."
"Break your ankle," she answers in surprise, and from his side comes a suspicious huff of laughter.  "Left, where you broke your foot and cracked the bone.  It'd be clean break, don't worry: no mobility problems later, but healing will be a bitch."  Straightening, she glances at Dean. "Anything else?"
"Good, I thought this would be difficult; don't become one.  Anything else?"
he's leader of Chitaqua: when it's his fault.  "Amanda briefed you?" She nods impatiently. "You tell me; what should I have done?"
"Which will be tonight."  Dean looks at the church again, then at the world that surrounds them, the unmoving blade of grass.  Maybe.  "If all the gods die tonight, then you--"
She scowls. "Fine."  She carefully shifting her legs to the ground and turns in her chair to face him, performing a picture-perfect attitude of rapt attention.  Oscars have been given for far less.  "Now what?"
Castiel wishes he could nail his feet to the floor, but if he concentrates on that, he'll move and make it very pointless.  "No."
Dean nods, unbelievably grateful Cas made him lie down when the room does something a lot like spinning in place.  "Exactly.  I'll make it an order."
--then shakes himself; what Cas needs right now is a partner who can deal.  Circling the bed and crawling up on the mattress beside him, he looks at Cas helplessly, then sits carefully beside him, watching for Cas to flinch or move away, before--tentatively--resting a hand against the hunched back.  After a moment, he starts to rub slow, light circles, not sure if that does shit but at least lets Cas knows he's here.
"More weapons," Cas explains, following him up to their room, where the arsenals come out, spread out on the floor for Cas to peruse with the concentration of someone deciding the fate of mankind.  Which, he remembers, is actually one of Cas's angelic skillsets.
Cas's eyes widen, never a good sign.  "As if it wants you to notice it?"
"Worship is not all that he wanted from you."
"I probably should be," Cas agrees, slumping into the couch and surveying the bounty curiously, one bare foot hooking casually over Dean's ankle and promptly erasing any memory of what Dean was doing and replacing it with what they should be doing right goddamn now.  "What do we have?"
"No, that's not necessary."  Dean's anger in their room tonight was unexpectedly intense, and at this moment, he can't predict what his reaction might be.  It's more than likely it was simply the strain of the evening--he could have handled that better, he supposes uncertainly, but time will certainly give him the opportunity to gain experience--but Dean enjoys his visits here far too much to sour them even in this small way.  "His lectures on appropriate behavior are well-meaning, but I wouldn't wish one of those on my worst enemy.  Or you."
Dean ponders that for an excessive amount of time.  "Dean?"
"With this development, one--very big--problem was solved, but it gave us another, which turned out to be surprisingly easy to deal with," she continues, playing with her cup.  "The earth couldn't, or wouldn't, reject you--and to be fair, I'm not sure there even
"Yes," Teresa agrees. "Except you weren't supposed to, not exactly.  That part--well, no one saw it coming."
"The cast on your ankle, provided you continue not to aggravate the injury by trying to walk--as you tended to do during the fever, much to our displeasure--should come off in four weeks," Cas says when they reach the halfway mark, sitting back as if he's not waiting to see if Dean's too tired to finish the glass in one go.  "The wound on your right arm is showing great improvement as well.  There's no further sign of inflammation or swelling, the flesh is beginning to close, and the danger of sepsis has passed entirely.  Vera checked the sutures this morning and thinks they can be removed in two weeks if it continues to progress at the current rate."
Dean sucks in a breath.  "You didn't say anything earlier."
"If I think you want to leave, we leave," he says quietly.  "Look, we get done on the training field today, we can go back home, no problem."
Castiel finishes his (fourth) cup of coffee, forces himself to his feet, and tries not to look worried when he sees the hectic flush spreading over Dean's forehead and cheeks.
"You think they were trying again in Ichabod after failing the first time at that church with the same kids? Why?  Dean snorts.  "They couldn't have been that stupid.  Why not use the people they infected for Croat duty instead of attacking a goddamn town to get those kids again?" Still scowling, he reaches for Amanda's report and skims to the relevant portion for this conversation and pausing, scowl fading.  "Amanda asked good questions."
Dean tries to flex his right hand and regrets it; the shock of pain arrows up to his shoulder.  "You don't go anywhere near Cas--"  Even he knows that's stupid.
"That's what humans call an upgrade."
"All five are still recovering in the infirmary under guard," she answers soberly.
"She'll want to go back on duty ASAP," Vera says, which doesn't surprise him at all.  "And no medical reason not to, in case you were hopeful.  Ankle will be fine with a brace, so she's clear for wall duty or anything not requiring a lot of running or heavy lifting.  I'll be honest; when she reports for duty, just nod and assign them something to do."
"Don't," Joe says, hand on his chest before he even realizes he's moved, as more of Ichabod's patrol start pushing through the crowd, and unmistakably, that's Christina vaulting the fence, her team doggedly on her heels.  "I'm speaking officially for Alison; Chitaqua's leader cannot get caught up in a riot.  Or any of the Alliance mayors."
Satisfied he can defend at least one of those two lines if needed, he pitches his voice to reach through the heavy wood and metal (though those on the walkway can probably hear him speak in a normal voice; the wind is in his favor) and says, "Please open the gate at your convenience.  I'll wait, of course."
"I need time."
"I can probably do it," he offers as he drops gratefully onto the edge of the bed, not sure of that at all, but Cas mentioning it makes him want to try anyway; it's not like this needs advanced construction skills.  It's a goddamn door.  "Use your leader power for personal gain and send everyone on a mission for a door.  But make them measure it first or something."
"At least they're no longer camping outside the front door." He makes a face, sinking more deeply into the mattress.  "Joseph led group prayer in five languages and several denominations at all hours of the day and night until you were confirmed to be recovering. The repetition was becoming annoying, so I taught him two in Enochian for the sake of variety.  His accent was much improved by the tenth rendition."
," the girl says, straightening in her chair, and Dean wonders suddenly what that has to be like--not just to be a slave, but to live as one, future always uncertain, changing on the whim of a master (or mistress), fate not and never their own.
of all names: if there is any suspicion that Caesar Octavianus was compensating for something, I can confirm he very much was."
Dean stares at her, mouth half-open as if undecided on which part of that to address first or even wants to.
Yeah, he called that one.  Turning his attention back to Cas, he contemplates the infinite ways Cas can radiate smug self-righteousness like breathing. For a guy who got himself shit-faced on possibly semi-mystical moonshine last night and has sex in a group setting, it's pretty fucking impressive.
"You know," he says slowly.  "I never asked you and I really should have, since you'd know: is luck real?"
"Invitation's always open," Dean tells him absently, threading his fingers through Cas's hair and Cas lifts his head.  "When you use it though, come alone: admit one only."
"Magic makes everything sketchier," she agrees.  "I'm not saying it'll change everyone's minds, but it's a place to start. It's not like Chitaqua hasn't earned some serious props the last few days.  We can use that."
"Cool."  Setting down his cup, Dean pulls it across the table and flips to the last page, holding out his hand.  "Pen, Cas."
fan," she says in satisfaction. "I knew it."
, in goddamn
"What do you see?"
"You," Dean starts, the wide grin at odds with the severe tone of voice, "are that fucking rock that guy kept trying to push up the hill and never made it.  Maybe the hill, too, fuck if I know."
"Personally." He hears the quiver in his voice and hastily clears his throat.  "Uh, so--I'm guessing nine months later, surprise new member of the family?"
"Yes," he answers reluctantly. "I took her advice and the number decreased. Which does make it ironic that despite the fact she was right about that, I still disbelieved her when she said it was rare that such things simply go away.  Even if I controlled for all variables, as it's impossible to control for variables I don't actually know exist or rather, don't exist
"That can be dealt with," Cas says softly.  "We can leave Chitaqua."
"Dean--" Cas starts, again.
Chuck's mouth works soundlessly before he manages to say, "I'm saying, this is dangerous.  I mean, toilet paper is great and all, but--"
Everyone has a price.
, that's where Cas got that shit.  Chewing rebelliously--at least she's showing less 'animal watching for headlights'--she swallows, Jesus Christ, what the hell?  "I don't need anyone to protect me."
"I fit well," Cornelia protests as Sappho grins widely.  "One foot, perhaps--"
"Genocide, murder, torture, rape, abuse: they're so common, they're barely worth commentary.  Your birthright was free will, and we saw no reason to act when your crimes were only against each other unless ordered to do so.  With rare exceptions, of course."
Pausing briefly halfway up the porch steps of Dean's cabin, it occurs to him that as of this moment, he's probably actually now supposed to live here and nearly stumbles on the step before he jogs up the rest and makes himself go inside.
There's a sound of rustling clothing from the backseat before Chuck's head abruptly appears above the seat between them.  "What?"
," Dean argues, scowling at him.  "If you don't see something wrong with that, I don't even know what to say."
"--go, yeah," Teresa agrees, falling into step with him on their way to the stairs.  "How'd you know?"
"And Bobby," Cas confirms.  "His expertise and skills were invaluable.  When I was with him, I could do anything that his wheelchair would make difficult as well as protect him from harm, though Dean explained that part I was not to at any time mention to Bobby."
Here's the thing about Phil: he's crazy, but he's the kind of crazy with one streak of absolute genius, the kind that must come standard for stalkers: they're observant as hell when it comes to the object of their crazy.  That it's basically in literal metaphorical code just means you gotta know the code, and once learned, it's not the kind of thing you forget.  Dean's read every report Phil's ever written (morbid curiosity and duty fuck you forward and back there), but getting the last three weeks of 'em all at once reveals this isn't random variation on a theme.
"Yes.  The closing sequence is of a different pattern than the whole.  Think of it as a binary door; it's closed or open, but nothing between.  It's a compromise; instead of having to do the whole at once, they only have to do a quarter at once.  Not a bad trade-off, in a horrific sort of way."
"Our fearless leader," Vera says, raising her cup.  "All hail Dean."
Sucking in a shocked breath, he tries to orient himself, his entire body screaming in pain for a few agonizing moments before it settles into a mid-grade ache in every muscle: even his
"You're cleared tomorrow," Dean says, crossing his arms.  "Vera's not, so your team is still in stand-down from patrol.  We still need to talk about what goes on the list for the border, but go around the camp and find out who needs info and how much.  I assume you can get me an estimate on how much this'll cost us?"
Ichabod's mechanical experts, Melody and Tyrone, are still in the process of examining the vehicles, but their initial findings are as confusing as the rest: many of the vehicles had engines that were barely serviceable, but some were brand new, as if taken from an empty dealership, and few showed signs of regular maintenance and very recent at that: oil changed within the last six months, sufficient brake and steering fluid, dashboards with signs of cleaning, engines repaired
"Yeah."  Vera licks her lips nervously.  "Okay, fine, they think maybe you--Jesus, this is hard."
"Pulling people out of a river doesn't require initiative, it requires common sense," Dean says stubbornly.  "A rope helps, but that just means problem-solving capabilities are in order when you don't have one, and he doesn't seem to have any of that either."  He blows out a breath.  "You weren't kidding about them being new at their jobs.  Six people in all four teams were on regular patrol before this, and dude, we know more about the job than they do."
"Through the bricked door." He can feel the flash of heat in his face:
"How long do you need--"
"Could happen," Dean offers, and gets an approving smile from Amanda and a cuff on the shoulder from Joe.  "So who won?"
"Practice is awesome," Dean agrees huskily, tugging Castiel into another kiss, rough and over far too quickly as Castiel drags the jeans and boxers down enough to touch him. "Speaking of, I need some more of that.  Hold up."
," Dean protests, coming to a dead stop.
"Oh God," he breathes, looking at Cas incredulously while hating Phil forever.  "Ichabod isn't goddamn Babylon!"
Esperanza when it started," she adds. "Mama didn't take any chances; she kept us there until a full month after the last case, no one in, no one out.  When we got out and they told us…I was the oldest apprentice still alive.  A generation and a half of witches, gone."
The rules are, there are no rules, and forgetting that was Mark's biggest mistake.  From the corner of his eye, he sees Amanda's off the fence, but right now, his attention's on Mark.
He shrugs, wondering if it's getting hot in here or something.  "It's only a start--"
.  They
She flinches, skirt fluttering around her legs, but she doesn't move, staring at him with black-filmed eyes.  Crowley's smile flickers.  "Go.
"Give me that," Cornelia orders, and hiding a smile, Sappho demurely crosses to her chair and hands it over.  Cornelia glances at the text for a moment and shudders before rolling it shut.  "It's a metaphor."
"Tony's sending two teams for clean-up," Manuel says mildly, wrapping a hand around Dean's wrist and easing it down; by habit, he flicks off the safety and manages to unlock his fingers enough to let Manuel take it. If he works at it, he can almost pretend he doesn't hear multiple sighs of relief.  "Cas, would you mind supervising until the prisoners are in quarantine? Anyi can take it from there."
"Really?"  Dean bites his tongue, but Vera can't even manage to maintain the offended expression a second before bursting into laughter.  "Sorry, you're--fine, really.  Really.  Had worse, trust me."
"It was a Hellhound!" she answers hotly. "Was I supposed to let it get away?"
"Of course not!"  Cas shuts his eyes briefly.  "I only meant that I could--"
"I do know."  She wets her lips, fighting hope and losing, and that makes it infinitely harder.  "When you reach your full potential, you'll be the most powerful psychic ever to walk the earth."
Taking each painstakingly folded shirt, Cas shook it out with an abstracted air at odds with the careful way he laid them on the bed, and Dean watched, fascinated, at the emergence of a collection unlike anything he would have expected.
"I am endeavoring to achieve the same."  He fumbles the bag, almost dropping it, hands oddly clumsy.  "As this is the first time the world has ended, there's a lack of reliable information on the exact progression of events.  This wasn't--" supposed to happen, he thinks.  For a second, he can't see anything but Dean's body cooling in the grey afternoon, air choked with the smell of roses.  "I don't know how long we have."
You send Erica when you want to win and don't care how.  How much she knows about what's happened in Ichabod is up in the air, but demons can smell when someone's desperate, and she knows Alicia.  "We can't send Alicia out there."
Margarita died, the countdown began: ten days after my twenty-first birthday, the border would collapse.  I had to be so careful," she adds, mouth quirking.  "They
"When Sam went to Stanford, he didn't take much with him," Dean says, picking up one dog-eared Ursula LeGuin, eyes prickling unexpectedly as he carefully opens the cover and sees
He'd be surprised by what he saw if he could: every time Dean glimpsed him around the camp those early weeks, pinning someone against the wall of a cabin in two foot high weeds or wandering out of another one on a lazy afternoon rumpled and comfortable in his skin; every time Dean came to those team meetings to stand invisible witness to Cas's goddamn post-coital glow; God, when he stood in the doorway of Cas's cabin and just watched, forgetting how to stop or even how to want to: want more?
"Oh, we're doing it here," he answers, waving a hand dismissively.  "No worries."
Yeah, he doesn't like this part.  "I was thinking about that.  If she doesn't show, there's a Crossroad past the ward line--"
He wishes that he wasn't thinking pretty much the same goddamn thing.  There's dealing with the fact someone you care about tried to kill you, and then there's doing it while having to see them, give them orders...no.
"Put down your gun!" the bearded guy shouts, and Dean so doesn't like the way he can't keep that barrel still.  Sure, that raises the chances of missing
Sempronia snorts as she gets to her feet.  "Nonsense: I have never been a great scholar.  My understanding is no more than average--"
. " She frowns, shaking herself.  "From what they said, the first time they felt the earth was probably the first time I went into the fields.  They said they start following me because well, that's where they knew they were supposed to be."
"Exhausted," Dean tells Crowley, stroking down Castiel's back again, and Castiel shifts into the touch like a cat.  "Had a really long day. Or days, maybe: lost track.  Getting him cleaned up after that was a bitch, but we got it done."
Alicia gives him a filthy look, but hey, it's a genuine, honest to God reaction; he likes those. "I just had to--it's private, okay?  She was pissed, and with Andy--Kat's still, you know--"  She glares at him.  "Why are you doing this?"
Chuck scratches his head, giving Dean a considering look before moving back to his chair, pulling it a couple of inches closer before sitting down.  For a second, Dean's suddenly aware of who Chuck is,
"But my chances of being shot are still pretty low," Kamal points out.  "Not a lot of what we fight carry guns." His expression turns serious.  "Translation issues are pretty much my thing, is what I'm trying to say, and I learn fast, but if you help her give me context now, I can do it a lot faster."
Where they're getting their supplies is also in question; the abandoned cities are the obvious answer, but while he hadn't seen many perishables, they definitely had meat and that had to have come from somewhere.  They could be trading locally or something, but there's also the possibility they have to hunt, which considering this is Kansas makes him wonder uneasily
"What?"
"If it had felt like this when I saw you, I certainly wouldn't have attempted doing more of it."
"What the hell...."
Dean sits back, feeling a little overwhelmed.  "You want to
"He's ours, yeah," Dean agrees a little blankly.  "Do with him what you will, but be kind. Uh, who stayed with Chuck?"
"I'm hearing screaming, I feel that goddamn knife...it's happening to me, too.  Just slower.  Except what I'm afraid of--"
Sitting on Cas's left, Joe drops his pencil, looking at Dean suspiciously. "You got them in on it now?"
"I'm dying," Dean protests half-heartedly, the soft wool smooth and warm against his cheek; his eyes are closing before he can stop them.  "Remember?"
"There was a rumor that group was in possession of the Colt, but by the time we tracked them down, all were willingly possessed by demons," he answers.  "There were six; Jeffrey was the only one allowed to leave when we verified he didn't have any information."
"That the reason for someone hitting pause on the world?"
Amieyl frowns.  "What?"
"Really?"  Crossing his arms, Dean's eyes narrow.  "Sam doesn't have leftover angel mojo and he can beat me seven out of ten times when we spar and sit on me when he gets bored, so it's not like I'm not used to losing a goddamn fight.  Yeah, I liked the junkie, you know why?  The junkie told me I was pretty--"
"Give an opinion, maybe.  Since it's pretty obvious you don't think I should go."  There's a brief, frustrated silence before Dean says, "Cas, put that down and look at me. You can be as anal as you want later, okay?"
"I thought about that," Cas says, sounding annoyed.  "But I don't--I may not have been clear enough on this point, but I don't actually know what I'm doing.  Patrol, at least, I had experience with from observation, but this…."
.  "You done?"  She looks at her plate in regret before nodding reluctantly.  "Good.  We're leaving; smile and look really happy about something while I take our dishes back to the kitchen."
The pup begins to wiggle, jumping from her arms when she's almost close enough. Almost: Dean catches it before it hits the ground, holding it up to get a good look.  "Look at you," he croons, keeping half his attention on the increasingly distressed looking idiots. Barking happily, it licks as soon as its in range.  "My bad, I haven't visited, sorry."  Too long, come to think: the last he saw it, it was just a newborn bag of bones and patches of fur barely holding together, because Lilith's work ethic was (according to Cas) really lacking when it came to sufficient gestation.
"You even know what you mean?"  Dean looks at the blackened outer ring, shaking his head.  "So what your goddess did wasn't enough?  Divine fucking fire?  You can't even see it anymore."
"You know what? Fuck you."
The only thing he doesn't know is
.  "The point stands, however."
"--but what circumstance could lead you to believe that Dean would be jealous the activities of someone he's living with and has no desire to have sex with?" he says viciously.  "I'm assuming you speak from a position of greater experience."
Privacy, isolation: so similar, yet really not. "I'm okay with you being here."
?--but the last one she holds in her hand for a long moment, staring at the seal before setting it on the desk.
"I gotta go," he says abruptly, getting up before that thought gets too far, but Alison just opens an eye to regard him thoughtfully.  "I need to--"
"Got it," Jeremy says, just barely avoiding a salute, and Dean nods as seriously as he can as he pushes off the desk.
Moving another pawn, he braces an elbow on the coffee table and gives Castiel a thoughtful look.  "Interesting."
Dean wakes up in hell.  Kind of.
"--may appear closer than they are," he finishes in disbelief.  "Meatloaf, really?"
that stumbled into our world by sheer accident; the earth calls who it calls.  They let you go because they thought you wanted to go.  That doesn't mean they actually
There's some faint, polite laughter, like they're not sure that's a joke.  Glancing at Chuck holding the box of keys, he just catches the tail-end of his expression, not enough to identify but enough to make him wonder.
As soon as Callisto and her people are within the salt lines, Castiel signals a shaky looking Hans; beyond him, a determined looking Anyi and other members of Ichabod's patrol are spread out in a row, guns at the ready for anything that might cross the salt line.
Andy nods, licking his lips. "Okay."
Cas became simply Cas.  He doesn't know how to explain that, not now, not and be believed.
Then Cas slides the door open and stills, revealing it's already full night, and vanishes outside.  Taking a quick breath--Christ, get over yourself--Dean follows him out onto the wide stone balcony--divided from Office of Marble and What the Fuck's with a dividing wall (why?  Don't even want to know)--lingering by the doors as Cas looks around Second Street.  Creepy-ass building is three floors plus at attic with ridiculously high ceilings; this is the highest point on the street and no obstruction to his view east or west at all.
"He had Croatoan, already advanced in second stage," Castiel says reassuringly, though the connection eludes him.  The workings of Dean's mind never cease to baffle him sometimes.  "He was already experiencing disordered thought and was a danger to those around him.  It's likely he didn't even realize he'd been infected.  If he'd recognized the signs before Dean did, he probably would have killed himself.  It's possible he was distracted--"
"He wants to conquer Kansas for cocoa," Castiel tells her.
"When we were working on you?" she asks in bewilderment.  "Uh, no.  Not that we have any you wouldn't tear through without noticing.  I put you on a fentanyl drip to twilight you while we worked--Darryl taught me that much and Dean could keep watch while I worked when I told him what to look for--but that was for pain control.  It seemed to be working."  Her expression darkens as Castiel winces, the throbbing beginning to return.  "So that's why you were knocked out; demon's blood was hitting your pain threshold like the fist of a sadistic demon.  We probably made it worse messing around in there and keeping you out of it in the process."
He nods agreement.  "Ceramic coating over titanium alloy core."
"Was she always that tall?" Dean asks blankly.
They were also in agreement with him that Jeremy's hunting skills--learned at age fifteen--are extraordinary, which is a fact he never realized how much he wanted to share with others.  He looks forward to speaking to them further; from what he understands, the daycare's mid-year examinations have yet to all be graded, but there's no doubt in anyone's minds (including his) that all the children passed far and above any possible expectations for their various ages.
; you deserved better than that."  Amanda looks startled.  "Their families never asked what happened to Aunt Amanda…." He stills, and it's weird, watching Joe right now, seeing an outsider react to a fact of his and Amanda's lives.  "They never knew about you?"
Dean licks his lips, eyes never leaving his face.  "How--"
--"  He starts to shake his head before stopping mid-motion, an arrested look on his face.  "Before I even came here the first time, he didn't want me to be Michael's vessel."
"Not bad." She takes a drink, frowning thoughtfully.  "I wondered how many would show after the recent attack, but human lesson: as pens are to swords, gossip based curiosity is to fear."
The daycare in the town square, now hosting God knows how many kids, must be the best thing since the death of Disney World.  And that takes care of every subject he can think of while they're both staring at the (really goddamn big) wall.  "So--two gates?"
"Nothing," Cas says finally.  "Teresa, you're sure something touched the ward line
Vera blows out a breath in annoyance, shifting her head to lean back against her shoulder.  "Fuck you."
Cas takes his time putting everything away before returning to lean against the side of the bed with an unreadable expression. "Dean--"
Cas is silent, but he's getting the feeling that it's because he's not sure how to answer that.  "No," he answers finally.  "It knew the difference."
Vera starts. "Yeah.  We checked twenty-five miles out, and there's nothing."
Dean searches the cramped room with professional efficiency and a hunter's flawless instinct, but there's very little to search and nothing to find.  The rusting metal headboard creaks as he strips the bed of the sagging, water-stained mattress, springs squealing shrill protest, eyes skimming the dull wooden floorboards before he moves on, checking the doorway, fingers sliding down the splintering wood to feel for anything that he might not be able to see, checking the floorboard before going to the window, the grimey window looking out on a scene of devastation that must have been his first view of this world.
"I have no idea if they were delicious," he says, not without regret, and Alison's cheeks grow pinker still.  "Nor would I ever describe any person with whom I had sexual relations thus, for that is an excellent way to learn what 'cut off' means, as more than one person learned in Chitaqua. Some," he adds in distant horror, "didn't even have working showers."
"You have sheets," he observes as Cas flips back the blankets and lowers him onto the bed.
"Hey, Dean," she says with artificial enthusiasm, demonstrating exactly that.  "How's it going?"
with this place.
"So before Chitaqua, he was building camps to train hunters?" Dean asks slowly.  "That's why he needed a new way to teach them."
"Sure do," she answers immediately, leaning back to grab it.  As Vera fills Alison's cup, murmuring something that results in Alison smiling tightly, he turns to see both Manuel and Mercedes watching the dancers as well with similar expressions and wonders if it would be politic to tell them that Dean, given someone to protect, doesn't need an army to be successful doing it.  Certainly not in a crowd of civilians.  "So--"
The flush turns into a warm, sensuous heat as she imagines what he'll do to her--what
"You can win at craps, but you can't make anyone play against you.  Ace-deuce," Dean answers, meeting his eyes, rolling the dice and almost immediately covering them with his hand.  "You can increase the probability of getting what you want when you roll, but you can't fuck with what I get."  Lifting his hand, he shows Castiel the dice: one and two.  "Or how I cheat."
"Very soon, yes."  Crouching gracefully, she looks into Sudha's eyes.  "Rest for a moment, little one.  We shall not abandon you."
He doesn't like Kyle, and while Kyle doesn't hate him, it's only because they don't know each other well enough for the depth of feeling that would require.  He trained Kyle, which means a surprising amount, but he trained Luke and the other team leaders as well, and he'd killed Luke without hesitation.  Luke, however, was part of a group bent on assassination, while Kyle simply made a mistake under personal emotional duress and didn't choose his place or time very well (read: actively chose the worst possible time currently available).
"Thank God," Dean breathes, finishing off his coffee in a gulp; it's not that he doesn't like babies, but adding in a daycare rotation is gonna put Nate back on kitchen duty and oh God, no.  And also, babies in a militia camp fighting the Apocalypse, of course: bad idea, no time for any of that.  Like there's going to be a world left for the kids already here to grow up in.  Like they'll have time to grow
Glancing to the north, he verifies the lack of Croats, which could complicate this situation unduly, especially if the rest of the pack decides to grace him with their presence.
There's not much of a reduction in the number of Croats coming after them, almost underlining how wrong this is especially for a new demon who there's no fucking way Crowley trusted out of sight, much less running a collection call.  And he's still not liking how they slow down in their crazy, headlong scramble when Alicia's team does one of their things.
At her nod, Cas leads Dean to a nearby corner, where Dean leans gratefully against the wall as normally as possible, wondering what the hell is wrong with him (honest to God, if this is a fever, he's rounding up every brownie on the planet and introducing them to the words 'extinction event').
Dean's found exploiting Cas's level of comfort a distinct advantage post-fever; he won't mention Dean looks tired as long as he's comfortable, and that chair is a fuckload less comfortable than getting half a mattress to lounge on.
"You know, the thing outside; time bubble around Ichabod."  Or however far it goes.  She blinks at him slowly and he can't resist. "Time's like a river," he starts, adopting Cas's exact tone when dumbing down Creation for human (his) benefit.  "You can dam it--bad idea, like fireworks--or make a bubble around an area and slow time down inside it.  Hidden in plain sight, like, you know, the slow part of a river."  He shrugs casually. "Happens all the time, like a party trick.  You never ran into one?"
All at once, Derek puts his empty bottle with the others and starts toward the fence, and Dean couldn't look away if his life depended on it.  "And?"
For some reason, this requires more personal attention and less mojo'ing; as his feet touch a solid surface that he hazily identifies as the floor, he belatedly realizes he's soaking wet.  His t-shirt clings to his skin, boxers rucked up in wet, uncomfortable bunches against his thighs, water sliding down his bare legs and dripping onto the floor with almost audible plops and puddling around his feet.
Castiel thinks:
Haruhi and her team arrive almost as soon as he's dismissed Melanie to the second floor, Britney's team in tow.  He directs Leon to usher a shaky Evelyn from the desk and to the second floor while Mads taking her place with a determined expression. Britney and George--whose nephew Finn was killed in the earlier attack on Ichabod and took his place in Amanda's class--he sends to the mess to see what is available for consumption that isn't alcohol, though he doubts anyone will be much interested in anything else.
"Second floor, third door on the left," she begins, and Dean starts for the stairs, taking them two at a time: they switched up the rooms when they got the daycare cleaned out for reasons Dean's pretty sure were good ones but right now he can't remember, like he can't remember what group's in that room.
Dean grins at him and picks up his discarded cup.  "How about two?"
Alicia shakes herself.
"Yes, about that."  Cas's pause this time doesn't seem to be for the purposes of dramatic timing.  "I mentioned the problem with range.  The sigils summon Grace, but to do anything with it, they need a conduit for the Grace to take it where it is supposed to go."
"Better to ask forgiveness than explain to Alison why I wanted it," Dean says wryly, fingers expertly working the length of his foot.  "Anyway, we told the Alliance that we sent for the rest of our people at Chitaqua, but hell if I know if they can get through this shit even if they go off-road.  The roads are backed up at least ten miles and that's just a guess.  Goddamn hills: when did Kansas get
"Take care of her," he whispers into the fading warmth.  "And give her peace."
, and while he'd normally appreciate Cas literally unable to come up with anything to say, this isn't normally.
"Ichabod."  Now he gets it.  "'The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of God is taken.' First book of Samuel. " Her mouth falls open, and really, he never gets tired of that.  "Kid was barely born and already lost his parents, his family, even God was gone because Israel lost the ark.  Sucked to be him."
"So that 'without a trial' thing is bullshit," he continues.  "Only counts if we like 'em--"
It cuts off when he shoves a knife through their throat.
"What consequences?" Dean shuts his eyes.  "You don’t mean--"
"Because it will help you concentrate on learning the routes in the city if you don't also have to navigate them at the same time," Castiel answers patiently.  Again.
She raises an eyebrow.  "When I met you the first time--this was just a feeling."
Cas's partners are double digit at least (and in multiples), and he lost count of his own years ago, when he realized what those kinds of numbers probably meant for his future.  Cas is his best friend and knows him better than anyone but Sam ever could or will, but that's a two edged sword.  Ideally, learning the less than positive shit should come after your partner's invested enough not to run away screaming (to get a restraining order, a license for a gun, and a new home security system and not necessarily in that order: that's called being realistic).  Sure, there's a different standard when it comes to another hunter, and even that one doesn't apply when it comes to Cas, but that's the entire goddamn problem.
"I can make coffee," Cas offers, not missing a beat and already turning toward the pantry.  "If you have no objections."
.  However, I ended up following along with research on graphene because I can't tell you, it's like the way I follow rare cat breeding even though I don't breed cats, don't want to, and honestly can't say before the moment I discovered this exciting field I actually cared.   Yet stabilizing the Savannah breed for the long term is a thing I follow.  Go figure.
"I want you to come back."
Though the Apocalypse made the economic viability of life lived in urban versus suburban centers with commute irrelevant, the leftover construction equipment from half-finished mid-rise buildings and new row housing proved extremely useful to Tony and the city services crews (after they learned to use it, at least).  Their efforts were by general consensus concentrated on larger buildings to promote high-density housing for both mutual self-defense as well as cultural preference. Many of the contractors who were in the country on work visas came from cultures that encouraged multi-generational residences, and Tony, Alison, and Teresa and Manuel came from extremely extended families who lived with or very near each other and had for generations.
"Okay," she says mildly.  "Time's up.  Talk to you later."
Dean jerks himself upright: holy
Castiel tries and fails to imagine sitting for hours doing absolutely nothing but communing with the earth.  The sheer
"I like them," he tells his companion. "Yours?"
"Not just power," Teresa corrects her.  "Power's useless without knowledge; where to get it and more importantly, how to use it.  They couldn't bind him with a deal--human to human, that's what lawyers are for--but he didn't even hesitate.  When it was over, he walked back into the circle and let them take it away, didn't even care as long he was sure it was over."  After a moment, she shakes herself.  "Back to subject: assuming this is a geas--and everything points to that--all we need to find out is origin."
Still grinning like her muscles froze that way, she stands up, handing him her empty coffee cup.  "Thanks."
after I see to Nia.  Germanica's visit was very welcome, but I missed several days of study and I have much to do."
"I'm not--"
"Dean," Vera says blankly.  "What are you doing here?"
"That," Cas interrupts, "has yet to proven.  Though I admit, I can't think of a less horrific alternate explanation."
"It was designed to that purpose. The only limitation is practical: the size."  Crowley's expression remains unchanged, but even from his chair, Castiel can see him swallow.  "A town?  A state? A country, perhaps, might be difficult, but considering the amount of power that can be gained, there's no reason not to try.  Drawn once and closed, it's done; all that's left to do is kill those who entered it before was closed.  Humanity and Lucifer have been engaged in competition for humanity's destruction for eons; I don't think adding demons as another competitor will increase their chances for survival."
"That much I guessed. What I'd like to know is why."
"With
Amanda frowns, thinking.  "Should be coming off perimeter, I think."
thought that word meant 'hug': he was not, it must be said, a shining example of intellectual profundity.  Feeling optimistic, he continues to the next sentence.  "What about it?"  Though the logistics of hugging a hippo are--
"Yes."  He'd do far more than this for Dean's smile, offered to him and him alone.
"This is more…theoretical.  Or something, I don't know." She looks at him hopefully.  "Day after the meeting good for you?"
"I should have asked for more details regarding how the game of 'telephone' works," Cas continues, resuming the massage before catching Dean's eye.  "That's how the changes in the geas as it spreads was described to me."
Dean makes an unidentifiable sound.  "So you're distracted."
"What did Matt and Jody say?" he asks curiously; it's a given that Andy probably didn't notice due to being very busy having feelings.
"It wasn't you."  He makes himself look at Dean. "Even you couldn't compensate material that was irreparably flawed."
"I was very different then," he starts, and like that, he remembers that morning in Alison's kitchen.  "A thousand people."
"What are you doing here?"  Sitting up, he's almost painfully aware of the fact that despite his best efforts to the contrary, he's somehow managed to achieve perfect sobriety, and he's not sure how he allowed that to happen.  There's also something wrong with the room, though he can't make himself focus enough to work out what with Vera staring at him.  Peering up at her, he takes in the twists of hair piled into a messy knot away from a tired-looking face, the dark skin, like her unbuttoned jacket, jeans, and boots, liberally sprinkled with dirt and dust.  Distracted, his gaze drops to the worn grey t-shirt, noting her sidearm in its shoulder holster, and flickers a glance at the doorway, where her rifle leans against the wall.   "You're on patrol?"
He doesn't ask why she asked him to wait; the answer comes through the door at considerable volume (and many words) before Sarah gently comes outside and shuts it firmly behind her.  "I think she would rather wait--if possible--for our return to Chitaqua."
Cornelia stares at him and surreptitiously licks her lips  "Four."
More appear, spreading out nameless and faceless, one for each click of the safety on each gun.  When the last click ends, he asks, "Why do you want to know?"
Cas tilts his head.  "What?"
"That would be Herman Melville and Shakespeare," Castiel answers blankly, almost ashamed of how surprised he is.  "How is your Dante?"
."  When he wipes away the blood again,  they aren't any more healed: still open, still waiting to bleed again.  They'll bleed forever if you let them and sometimes even if you don't.  "You aren't weak."
Sempronia smiles faintly before her expression melts into seriousness.  "That scroll--you think it is more than the simply unpleasant ravings of those who are overly fond of questionable fungus?"
Like he heard Cas, Andy looks at them, wet brown eyes meeting Dean's like a punch to the gut.  "Hey, Dean, Cas.  You want to--" He looks around the room exaggeratedly. "Not a lot of chairs, sorry."
"That was a manifestation of my Grace marking your soul," Castiel answers, feeling his lips stretching into a faint smile when Dean rolls his eyes. "It's not an actual physical injury to my body.  It'll be gone before dawn."
He swallows. "All right."
"What I'll do if you can't lie to me better than Castiel could in my world."
"It doesn't matter if I agree with you or not, in any case," Castiel answers doggedly.  "It's your decision to make."
"Mel to control a sitch, Amanda if you want it dead, and Alicia if you want to know what's going on," he agrees.  "And James to find things.  That's a real thing they say?"
"Close that, burn it, and bury it beneath the next new moon," Cornelia orders hoarsely.  "And we shall never speak of this again."
"Hey, Cas!" Castiel lowers his cup at the sight of David coming down the street, face wreathed in a cheerful smile.  From the way his eyes fix on the half-empty coffee cup before he straightens, caffeine would be welcome. "So--"
"You keep trying when it's here, and when it's not, wait for it to get back to try again," Nate explains diffidently.  "And someone asks where you've been for the last three days after a couple of hours priming a room for a fresh paint job, you roll with it.  It happens, you deal.  Mostly, no one notices."
Right, and he gets that (mostly).  "But not like this." Then, because he can be fair, "This about the mess?"
He has no idea how to answer that.
"That's not a no," Dean points out smugly. "Break it down for me."
"That," he observes raspily, "is a lot of sheep."
"True," Cas says after just enough of a pause for Dean to know exactly what he's thinking: until those buildings in Ichabod are done for their new, permanent camp in the town Dean's spreading capricious fucking beams and leave Cas in solitude in a camp he's absolutely certain won't try to assassinate him, which is the saddest standard for livability he's ever heard of.  Because Dean's happier in Ichabod with fucking
"It's not a log in Virginia, no," he concedes--wait,
"They'd shoot on sight any stranger showing up by policy."
"Alicia?"
"I'm sorry," Publius says softly.  "The burdens you bear are greater than anything that should be asked of you."
He tilts his head at the sight of her mouth starting to tremble.  "Is there anything I can do to help?"
Dean snorts.  "Dude, we don't have to do shit to them to be a threat; we
She blinks, focus breaking.  "What--"
"It's cold, and you're warm," she says, balancing her weight on her knees and waiting for him to move before settling on the blanket between his legs, warm against his chest, and rearranging the blankets around them before tucking her head under his chin.  "Jesus, much better, thanks.  Believe it or not," she admits. "I kind of missed you, too."
"It's a construct, so replication isn't based on biological rules, but math, and Croatoan isn't nearly as complicated as a true virus.  Between eleven and thirteen hours before you're no longer contagious, and thirty-six until the virus is eradicated entirely.  And  you'll survive, of course."
Dean doesn't look in the mirror, taking care of business--okay, two different kinds of water-related business, and God,
"And the animal--stuff."  Teresa winces.  "You, either?"
"No shit," he says, a little awed.  "Anything else?"
have to watch."
"I'm guessing--and this is a guess, but it's what I would have done with this if I made bad plans that I wanted to work somehow--that the original plan potentially had our first arrivals showing up four or five days before the party and steadily continue in large but less traffic-intense groups," Alicia continues.  "Sure, way too many people in one space, but to give them credit, there was no way around that part, since getting them here was the goal; at least they were mitigating it by spacing it out a little more and the roads into Ichabod wouldn't be Tokyo on a bad day.  Instead, the earliest person to be told about this who's arrived in Ichabod got the news three days before the party.  I'd say this plan was put into action at most five days ago to account for people not doing what they were told immediately or packing, whatever.  And they did pack," she points out.  "Saw it myself, trunks were full."
"You want me to tell you the truth," he says tightly.  "You're going to need to be much more specific on when that's acceptable and when you'd prefer a lie so I don't upset you.  As a guideline, only the truth if you want to hear it is far less useful than you might assume."
"I can do that."  She tilts her head toward the door.  "I'll wait here.  Just call if you need me."
"I have no idea what I was going to ask."  There are so many questions, after all, and none he actually wants to ask out loud.
"Hey," Dean says abruptly, interrupting his thoughts as he leans forward in his seat.  "Stop here."  Obligingly, he stops as Deans squints out the windshield intently before reaching for the door, asking belatedly, "Any reason I can't take a look around?"
Amanda goes still, and Dean can almost see the moment it clicks.  "Me?"
"We're only ten minutes past the five hour limit," Joe says reassuring, and Dean is reassured except for the fact he's one of the few (two, including Alison) who know the estimate was four hours and his only regret is he's among those who know that.
"That's against other angels."
"You're quoting her, aren't you?" Twisting his head around, he looks up at Cas incredulously.  "She actually talks like that?"
"Micah was a lawyer before," Joe says, and Dean nods at the check for confirmation: sure, why not?  "Anyway, this is sketchy territory, but me and Naresh thrashed it out.  We can't take him out of the building, but he won't insist one of his people be in the room when you're questioning him.  Two restrictions: only one of us in the room with him, and we're on the honor system; don't do anything he's not allowed to do.  There'll be a check in an hour, but since we don't plan to beat him up--yet--I figured we'll go with it."
"Doesn't mean I don't want to hear what you have to say," Dean says, bracing a hand on the mattress behind him.  "We'll work on that."
Castiel must use his new god mojo at some point, because the next thing Dean knows is he's in bed again, light flaring in his peripheral vision.  Wincing, he blinks the afterimage from his eyes as Castiel sits on the edge of the bed, holding--something, Dean has no idea.
Hans swallows, taking in the group behind him before focusing on him again.  "Cas, one, it's an hour after dusk, and two--"
"I won't ask for details of what occurred last night or if anything occurred at all; that's a personal matter.  However, if something did, and if you received a request from anyone that they be left alone, you should respect that request.  Unfortunately, I lack confidence in your understanding of appropriate behavior."
Cas gets to his feet and goes to the kitchen before Dean's got the last word out, getting the stack of maps by shoving everything else to the floor and then ducking under the table briefly before returning to the living room .  Dumping a second bottle in Dean's lap, Cas kneels to spread one out on the scratched surface of the coffee table--he tries to remember if he'd always had one of those or if it's a new for no particular reason--anchoring it with a bong (used recently, he notes in private amusement) and an empty bottle fished from under the couch.  Unearthing a broken pencil, he makes a mark on the map.
"Yes, I'm sure Dean would be happy to speak to a psychologist.  Do you know where we can acquire one?"
"Prophecy is divine," Cas answers dismissively.  "Chuck's last prophecy was of the Host leaving; after they left, he said there was nothing there."
For a moment, Castiel can't breathe, staring at Dean mutely.
"I'll check in afterward," she assures them.  "Verbal report okay?"
."  Dean glances at the building beside them, sheared off mid-way up its length with razor precision.  "I get there were bombings when Croatoan went epidemic, but some of this--is it like this everywhere?"
"I understand each and every word of this,
--before beginning to squint, tilting his head far enough that they're about three seconds from James becoming one with the floor.
"Allowing you to seduce me," he answers, reaching up to cup Dean's face and swallowing when Dean leans into the touch.  "Please continue; you're succeeding very well, but then again, I understand I'm easy."
"Not many left: they did know how to run," she answers, an edge of mockery in her voice.  "Those nurses and doctors, they had orderlies when their patients got grumpy; I once wrestled a guy twice my size onto the ground and got him bandaged up while his wife--probably not entirely unjustifiably, our acquaintance was by necessity limited, but he was a total dick--shot at us both from the front porch of their house.  Domestic violence and attempted homicide, more likely than you think: I got to see statistics in action every day."  She gets a strange expression on her face.  "It was so quiet."
"Because angels are lucky, and seriously, you're
Dean swallows in a dry throat before saying, "Joe, Amanda.  Looks like Erica's finally ready to get to the point."
Dean's mouth falls open, and Castiel grins; it was definitely worth it. "I give to no one else what's yours."
"What does that have to do with--"
"What?"
Joe isn't Cas; they have lunch on the coffee table like sane people and not ones that Cas absorbed from Vera and a lot of sitcoms.  He waits for Joe to drag the chair over and sit down before saying over his sandwich (something green, something meat, spreading no idea and thank God), "So you almost stabbed yourself to death with a butter knife during training?"
, and two, the people who think strangers are to be shot on sight wanna get down with people they've never met
The silence stretches impossibly, and he has to force his fingers to close around the next piece of tape without ripping it apart. Then, finally, painfully, Dean says, "Do you think--do you really think I'd--"
She raises an eyebrow.  "What am I doing?"
Dean frantically reviews his memories of training again, looking for someone outright terrible, but nothing.  "Okay, not that I can remember seeing her out there--"
"Not for long, no," Crowley agrees critically.  "But 'long' is relative; it will take a very long time for your body to burn it out, Castiel.  Far simpler--and less agonizing--to simply use it for its intended purpose."
"I spent more than one night hoping the Host might find me just so I wouldn't have to face morning evaluations," Cas mutters under his breath, looking at his empty cup like he's wishing for something harder, like whiskey or maybe cyanide.  "The first time Amanda complained about an evaluation during training, I told her about Amy.  She never did again."  The blue eyes fix on Dean and narrow.  "You'll probably like her."
"Holy shit, you have
"So should you."  He sold his soul to Hell, and Castiel sold his to godhood; both of them went into it knowing the consequences, but that didn't make having to live with them any easier.  "I never wanted…wanted you to do this.  Not for me."
"I was on a crew that repaired buildings for a few years," Nate answers warily.  "My first--only job, I guess, after I moved to San Jose. I learned a lot."
Mira snorts, which he decides to ignore in the spirit of not bickering with one's subordinates.  Glancing at the door, he reluctantly decides against a professional check-in.  "Keep me informed if they need anything," he says
The stark, unrelieved black of her dress and
"Your guess is as good as mine," Chuck admits, frowning uncertainly before shaking his head, brown eyes hardening as he looks at Dean.  "No one expected Cas to survive, no matter how it fell out.  Everyone thought he came back because Dean was still alive, which what other reason would he do it, but still, he was here.  Except Dean's dead, and the only reason Cas survived is because of you.  The only reason he's still here is because Chitaqua is the safest place on this planet he could take you.  So question: what happens if Chitaqua stops being safe?"
"It's eight inches now," Dean says, wondering if maybe he slept longer than he thought.  A glance outside confirms no, he didn't.  "When did you leave Ichabod again?"
She stiffens; while no one's allowed to see work in progress (even Dean, fuck it), everyone's very aware Cas is perfecting Act 6 of his latest installation and is always pleased to get new material for his drafts.  Her eyes abruptly narrow; following her gaze, he sees Cas and Vera pacing the perimeter, Fido, Spot, and a pup at their heels.
There's another sound, like something heavy dropping, and then someone--a couple of someones, he thinks vaguely--are crying.
Sean turns around and God, the look on his face; great, but Dean is kind of not okay with the reason he's seeing it right now.  And this is doing nothing at all for Cas right now, especially after yesterday.
Relaxing, he smiles back.  "You're welcome."
"Most of it," he says, though he's not sure that's true. It's all images that he's kind of fighting slotting into any kind of order; those glimpses are enough, thanks.  "You didn't answer my question.  Why didn't you tell me?"
Dean flickers back a smile not unmixed with triumph.  "Didn't need to. He came to me."
She hesitates, one finger drawing absent circles on the table.  "They didn't get what they wanted," she says finally.  "He wasn't very specific, and he lapsed into Enochian a couple of times, but I got the gist."
That sounds about right.  "If.  If you can't. Find one--"
to tell Vera to get over here," he says, not sure how Vera might react to Alison taking the direct approach.  "Joe can listen to them debating whatever the fuck they're doing.  Can you find out where Alicia--"
"Actually, I was thinking--"
"Dean--"
"Me," Alison says blankly, looking at him, then at Teresa.  "But I don't have any power. I just--do it."
."  Cas looks away.  "When did you figure it out?"
to protect--one of the people who tried to kill him!  Who does that, Dean?"
"Stop there," Dean says; he can almost understand this and he likes that.  "So it won't be--I don’t know--weird."
Go with it, he reminds himself firmly.  "Fine, whatever.  What the hell is going on?"  Looking around in sheer frustration, he realizes what's he's missing--that sound.  "And why do I keep coming back to this church?"
"I should have known," Cas corrects him, turning his head so his lips brush Dean's palm, and Dean wonders what the fuck just happened. "Perhaps you'll allow me to perform a less--formal atonement?"
Something flickers across her face.  "He's a lawyer.  He's used to getting a jury to believe utter bullshit.  I'm not saying you're particularly credulous, but he's a masher, you're a potato, and potatoes are mashed, get what I mean?"  She stops short, looking uncertain. "Also, all people are potatoes, I should have started with that.  Some, Irish potatoes."
?  "Or--hey, you don't have to talk about--"
"You believe that," she says.  "Not many do.  People can fake anything, but we always know the difference."  She sighs, sitting back.  "When we talked a few weeks ago, I was trying to find out what you remembered.  I was also trying to decide whether I should approach you about what you did in Laredo and tell you what happened. I wanted to, don't get me wrong, but that was the problem; I couldn’t be sure it was also the right thing to do, for the earth, Ichabod, or you."
Dean snorts.  "We kept everyone entertained, huh?"
for the King of Pontus?"
"And the rest of it?"
"Tell me."
Castiel fails to remember a time anyone refused an offer from Alicia; in theory, it must have happened, but everyone at Chitaqua is sane (mostly).  "That's unexpected."
Vera frowns at him.  "Wait, there were 'shadowy crevices' in there somewhere."
"How long did you wait to tell Cas what his job was again?"
Dean looks at Cas in fascination.  "You make worse deals than I do."
," Dean states, punctuating the word with so much intensity the air itself seems to be withdrawing from the room in reaction, "is to get us that agreement.  Is this getting through?"
Yeah, that.  "We can definitely reproduce it," he says, because he doesn't know physics, but he does remember Cas checking for that like a dozen times.  "So it'll--it's good wall stuff, right? Work okay?"
"It's fine.  And yeah, but that's not the only reason."  Alistair grins at her.  "No one can see it unless me or Cas let them."
"To be fair," Vera says reluctantly, "I didn't get the feeling the other mayors didn't want to, but--"
"No!" Cathy takes a step back, looking horrified.  "I'm fine, just--just an accident."
"That was true before," she answers, voice barely a whisper.  "But not now.  You can't hide this, not from Cas; you don't deserve to have to live with that. He doesn't deserve any of this, but all the options are shitty. It always chases you, Dean, your past, and I've had a good run, but that's all it was. It caught me, and I'm not running anymore; time to get this done."
"Damn straight," Joe interjects.  "So I can tell them what I think of them.  After your better fucking be loving reunion, that is."
Dean takes his time before answering.  "Five minutes."
Dolores, an RN and their Medical head, had two LVN's and a paramedic with her when they showed up just as the appetizers were getting low, which is when Dean started slipping, though there was definitely a Karl and a Lewis in there somewhere.  Tony showed up for the main course after putting his kids to bed, with Dennis and Walter for city services, at which time Dean's brain shut down entirely, nodding on command for the town's other specialists who kept the town working, ending with the town's council, which as far as Dean's been able to tell, was them, twenty people picked in quarterly elections, and possibly everyone who shows up to the meetings, because he can't say this enough,
"How many of you does Crowley have right now?" Cas asks.
"Dean," she repeats more strongly, eyes watchful.  "I'd like to report that Kyle's been stalking me since we broke up and maybe before.  If I'm not in my room or with my team, he finds a way to be nearby where I can see him; this includes the infirmary when I'm on duty, when I'm on assignment, and when I'm off duty.  I saw him twice when I met Cathy for breakfast at the general mess, he was across the street last night when I went to Karl and Pedro's building for dinner, and outside Naresh and Suma's when I was there for lunch three days ago."
The sound of screaming jerks his attention back to the empty street just in time to hear gunshots, and fuck his life, that's from Volunteer Services.  Before he can think about it (overthink it), he's running straight toward it, reaching for his gun just as he bursts through the door and into a perfectly silent room.
Alicia stares at him wordlessly.
Cas meditates that for a few moment, leaning closer to brush a kiss against the back of his shoulder.  "I'm not entirely sure I know what qualifies as weird any longer," he admits, lips moving against his skin.
"You're wrong," Dean snaps, shifting his ankles tentatively to see if maybe--no, that's not gonna work.  "So shut up and let me think here!  My goddamn camp needs lights, it's gonna get lights!"
"We should be getting back."  Sliding off the jeep, Dean hesitates and looks up at him, expression abruptly serious.  "You get just because I get pissed doesn't mean anything. I fought with Sam all the time, and we didn't kill each other in our sleep.  Attempted, maybe, but everyone survived, so doesn't count."
"Right.  Give me a minute." Dean stares at nothing for a few moments before nodding to himself and looking up.  "Okay, first thing; this is probably my fault.  I thought maybe you wouldn't notice for a little while longer, give me more time, which yeah, that's on me, but it wasn't like you were miserable or anything.  A warning would have been nice, just saying."
"Better?" he asks, closing his eyes briefly in appalled horror at the sound of his own voice and hoping desperately that Dean's too distracted to notice.  With an effort, he makes himself let go at Dean's dreamy nod, opening eyes gone vague and soft before slumping back against the trunk of the tree behind him with an audible sigh of heartfelt satisfaction.  With no effort whatsoever, he can think of a dozen ways to assure Dean looks like that several times a day, even taking into account time needed for camp duties, regular meals, Dean's current strength, and his corresponding need for more sleep.
"He's an angel, and so was I, and in this much, we're the same.  That," Cas says into the silence, voice so quiet it's barely a breath, "is something I would do."
"Dean will doubtless wish to speak to you tomorrow himself, so report to me no later than ten tomorrow morning so he has time for coffee and to think of what he'd like to tell you." Kyle's face drains of color, as if he belatedly realizes just how much worse this could have been (and for that matter, will be tomorrow morning).  "I'll inform Robert to check with you before he returns to Chitaqua to pack whatever you need for your residency here and have it brought to you."
--before Cas slowly draws back, but still close enough for Dean to feel every warm puff of breath against his lips.
"It's Sean."
"Has to be experienced," Joe says smugly.  "More than one way she helped me out when Erica's team was my border escort."
Immediately, Cas covers his mouth again; Christ,
Even through the blood pounding in his ears, he manages to answer.  "I don't know what--"
"Give me a minute," he says. "Trying to decide if this is better.  Demon, assassin--look, your subconscious, what can you do, but any chance a dream with me, I don't know, taking you to a movie or something--anything--that doesn’t involve me doing lots of murder?"
He stares at her, trying again to see her holding a gun and pointing it at Cas's cabin; it doesn't work.  He sees her at the kitchen table with Cas in their cabin in the morning, bright and relentlessly cheerful; the scars on her hands when she was flipping that knife on New Year's Eve; in the Situation Room, defending the infiltrators who caused that first attack on Ichabod still carrying the memory of those four kids in isolation she gave mercy; climbing on top of Cas when he was seizing to keep him still so Vera could start the IV and talking herself hoarse like it never occurred to her he could rip her apart by
