“You can feel my erection jutting against your stomach, isn’t that telling enough?” Cas’ blush deepened.
“It’s not funny, Cas. I can’t remember the last time I struck out before even trying to swing,” Dean kicked Cas under the table and then squirmed in his seat. The hunter tugged hopelessly on the hem of his t-shirt, smoothing out the wrinkles in the material.
“Insulting me at…at…” Cas grabbed Dean’s wrist and inspected his watch, “at 5:03am is not the best idea you’ve had.” He stood there, his chest heaving in genuine displeasure, his hair unkempt and his eyes wild with contempt. He was not a morning person.
Castiel tilted his head slightly to the side in confusion, pondering his intentions. Eventually, he nodded and collected the knocked over bucket from the ground. “Mind if I help?”
“Dean…” Sam murmured and Dean turned to face him, but his eyes were trained on the window—he had to look. “You did everything you could.”
Instead he decided to take it in stride and give Dean what he wanted and hoped that it made the hunter happy.
“I haven’t had opportunity,” Cas confirmed. It didn’t feel like a complete lie, as he couldn’t honestly remember anything he had tried listening to. He eyed the stack of tapes peeking out slightly from behind the stereo. He saw, with horror, that the stereo was still switched on, the light blinking a tell-tale red. “I’m sorry. I will listen to them later. I promise.”
Dean scrubbed the hood of the Impala and felt immediate satisfaction as the dust and dirt washed away to reveal the stunning black paint job underneath. So much crap had been on his mind as of late that the car had been neglected. With each hurried drive to another portal, most located along abandoned dirt roads and muddy trails, Baby had lost more and more of her beauty. It pained Dean every day to walk past her dusty hood, clouded windows, and mud-stained hubcaps. He knew his father would have tossed a fit were he still around to see how the car had been treated. And Dean wouldn’t blame him. Instead, Dean would have hung his head low in shame and apologised in a meagre voice.
Sam must have suspected as much. He had always been good at reading his complicated older brother, expecting things of him and rarely surprising himself by being wrong. He knew Dean too well. He had rightfully come to the conclusion that any mention of Cas would now burden Dean greater than it had before.
“If it means anything at all… God brought you back a couple times. Well, you from this world, anyway,” Dean said eventually.
He resented the distance, hating it as though it could feel his wrath and cower. As if hating it just enough would force it to surrender. He knew it was pointless. Nothing but his own foul attitude came of being so hateful. He so often spit livid words at Sam since it hadn’t sufficed to spit them solely at himself. Dean could hear the raw aggression in his voice and he despised the sound. His arguments were childish nothings and each insult slurred out completely unwarranted. Sam didn’t deserve to suffer him, but did anyway. Sam endured him. Perhaps far better than Dean actually endured himself. It was inexcusable behaviour but Dean found himself incapable of change.
Dean nodded faintly and his hands gripped tightly onto his knees. He was inexplicably cut by this. “Right.
Oof, so that was... a wait. Again, I apologise. In any case, I thank you so much for reading and I hope you enjoyed this chapter! If you like, you can follow me on Tumblr where I usually try to post whenever I upload a new chapter. http://gemminycricket4.tumblr.com/
“Fuck, Cas… I don’t know what I’m meant to say here. I want to tell you it's fine and that this feeling will pass, but I’ve been saying it since you first showed up here without your grace and it hasn’t meant a damn thing.” Dean held up a hand before Cas could interrupt. “It’s not your fault. This isn’t a guilt trip. I just mean that—shit, I don’t know what I mean. Just that I guess… I don’t know where to go from here?”
Cas was quiet, focused solely on his beer as he opened it and fiddled with the cap, rolling it slowly between his fingers. He suddenly felt Dean lightly kick his thigh and he apprehensively peered up at him. Clearly, there was something Dean wished to say, but Cas was almost entirely certain that it wasn’t something he wished to hear.
Dean grinned and set the jar back in the trolley before taking the lapels of Castiel’s coat, pulling him in, and just very barely touching his lips with his own.
Mary had to be alive, because he needed her to be. And he couldn’t bear to live without trying to find her. For him, as good as dead wasn’t enough. He needed to see for himself whether she was well and truly alive or dead. Though he was, quite honestly, unprepared to find out one way or the other. And all of Sam’s harsh rationalisations hadn’t been deemed enough to give up just yet—Sam still resented himself for never searching for Dean when he and Cas had been swept away to Purgatory. He wasn’t about to repeat history now with his mother. No matter how long it took.
He honestly hadn’t known that he had been screaming into the night, but the news didn’t come as a surprise to him. Cas had, on occasion, woken with the terror still ripping from his throat, the sound so startling that it took a moment to realise it was coming from him. But neither Sam nor Dean had ever heard him before. Their rooms were simply too far away from his, and they were usually absent from the bunker anyway. It hadn’t ever been an issue until now.
Cas slowly got out of bed and ventured out into the hallway, unsure as to whether he could truly trust his legs to keep him upright this time. He tread carefully, trying not to wake Dean as he left, and kept the door slightly ajar behind him. Even in the dark, he could sense the narrow hall and the exact way it shrunk inward the further he went.
Dean knew Benny would find a way to keep the list going on forever if he didn’t give a straight answer. “Castiel. His name is Castiel.”
“That’s what I’m asking you,” Dean answered carefully. He puckered his lips innocently and looked to the ceiling in an attempt to mask his true motive. This, of course, didn’t escape Castiel who knew Dean well enough by now to know when he was thinking only with his stomach.
It was naïve, he realised, to think that nobody had ever eyed Cas like a treat to consume. They inevitably had; different people on different days in different places, but the same intrigue. And Castiel carried himself so similarly. Of course he gained the same kind of attention.
As did the rain, so it seemed. As the rain once again picked up, Castiel couldn’t make out any of the road signs. He cast his eyes down to the map and up again, fairly sure he hadn’t drifted in the wrong direction. Were he to make it to Richmond in the next hour or so, he would have to depend almost entirely on the change of scenery; the sudden development of buildings and civilians. Until then the exact distance was a guessing game.
Cas got up from his desk slowly, wincing at the tightness of his bandages. But the discomfort ran deeper than that. His hand hovered over his chest, his instincts deluding him to try and heal an incurable wound. Even the power of his grace wouldn’t be capable of such a feat. Angels can’t fix heartbreak. And yet he tried anyway, pretending just for a second that some small, withered piece of himself was still there deep inside. Then he’d be well and whole again. If he found himself buried in the recesses of his core, he wouldn’t need to break Dean. Cas willed it with his eyes clenched shut, pushing his hand to his chest with more and more force.
Sam dabbed at the split in his lip with the back of his hand and shifted hastily from one foot to the other. It was apparent that he was at a loss as to what he ought to do. Which was disquieting since Dean was depending on his brother for answers. After all, it was no secret that Sam was the smarter of the two, and probably the more reasonable and grounded as well. Dean knew he could always turn to him. But this time Sam wasn’t just unsure, he was troubled too.
Dean’s mouth was hot and wet against his and his kisses moved to his neck where he nipped and sucked at his skin. Cas leaned down into him with his hands planted on the bed either side of Dean, the sheets clenched in his fists as his erection prodded at the hunter’s stomach. There was no need now to conceal his arousal from Dean, and the pleasure of the friction alone was enough to keep him from trying anyway, but there was no keeping the instinctive blush from reddening his cheeks. This didn’t escape Dean’s notice as he once again pulled back for breath and gazed up at Castiel. Dean caressed Cas’ face with his thumb gently brushing over his cheekbone, his swollen, wet lips quirking into a crooked smile as his eyes flashed with recognisable adoration.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean insisted stubbornly and edged his way up to his feet, using the wall for support.
Castiel thrust into him again. And again. And again. And again. Dean was still so tight; the sensation of him rocking Castiel’s mind into a kind of oblivion—the most glorious kind there could possibly be. In many ways, he felt almost outside of himself—all the shivers of bliss inside his core but the mania of it all drawing him to the outside. It was as though his skin was alight with divine fire; the heat of his skin flush against the heat of Dean’s until he couldn’t actually distinguish the difference anymore.
need me. I’m afraid of leaving him alone. I’m afraid of what he might do. I try to sleep at night and I just keep thinking of what would happen if I came home and found him—.” Dean’s voice trembled and he took a long, shaky breath. “Thanks, Sam,” he whispered finally before hanging up.
Before Dean could argue, Sam resumed his phone call and left the room. Then it was just Dean and Castiel. The angel stared at him and Dean glared back. The ache in his chest that lured him to Castiel intensified. In turn, Dean grew resentful.
to want to talk to Sam and Dean, yet he didn’t. He took their unanswered phone calls as an indication of their continued survival and saw no reason to respond. Even now, as he sat and selected ‘Continue watching’ on the screen, he realised how little he remembered from the previous episodes, but also how little he actually cared. The stories he once sought to lose himself in could no longer captivate his attention. Nothing felt important anymore. And he could rationalise why it ought to matter, why he should get up and occupy his time, but he still couldn’t bring himself to act.
Castiel awoke to a figure looming over him. He jumped and nearly fell from the bed, his legs flailing without any cover to contain them. Dean laughed heartily, his eyes alight with misdeed and amusement. Cas gripped the mattress tightly to regain his balance and knocked the corner of his bedside table with his elbow, causing the stack of books there to fall. Dean grinned, unbothered by the mess. He sat at the edge of the bed and leaned back on his elbows with one knee propped up.
Honestly, Cas wasn’t in any rush to get a wardrobe of his own; these clothes smelt like Dean: like whiskey, spiced cologne and a faint remnant of gunpowder. It was just very Dean, and Cas found it easier to relax when he could breathe in the scent. It made it easier to cope with his own tormented thoughts.
Cas shuddered as the glass was offered to him. The last thing he wanted was more water in or on him. The very thought made his insides churn something fierce. The debilitating sense of drowning forced its way into his head and struck too many chords to count. It was a memory he would not soon forget, and one that he wanted so desperately to drive away.
“I am,” Cas agreed with Dean. It often felt easier to agree rather than argue, even if he felt worse for it. It wasn’t as if there wasn’t any validity to Dean’s comment. Lying didn’t come naturally to him, and he was slow to learn at the best of times. Now, with his mind elsewhere, all previous teachings had been forgotten.
This wasn’t the end, and Dean wasn’t about to let the angel disappear from his life after fate had brought him back.
Castiel shivered a little and his skin tingled in unexpected anticipation, though he didn’t know what for. This wasn’t the first time Dean had done this, and nothing had ever come of it, so there was nothing to say that something would come of it now. It was so light and unassuming, yet Cas still thought that the touch lacked innocence somehow. And a part of him was certain that Dean thought as much too.
“You’re very firm,” Castiel commented, sliding his thumb through the slit of Dean’s cockhead that was slick with pre-come.
Now that he’d noticed, the silence turned deafening and he shifted in his seat, tapping his thigh restlessly with his hand until Dean suddenly groaned and let his head droop forward for a few seconds.
Cas hastily dried his hair and wrapped the towel around his waist; realising too late that he had left his change of clothes on his bed in his haste to get a door between himself and Dean. Again, rationality dictated that by once having his naked form not only appraised, but also caressed and kissed by the hunter, there was no reason for being uncomfortable in having Dean see him with his genitalia concealed only by a towel. If anything, any amount of coverage was now pointless, for what had been seen could never be unseen. And he certainly couldn’t forget the feel of Dean’s body beneath his hands, and what’s more: he didn’t want to. He took a heavy breath and stepped out of the bathroom, his shoulders gleaming and wet and his hair dripping into his face. Dean had his back to the door, unceremoniously shoving everything back into their bags and Castiel got the distinct impression of being ignored. The towel slipped further down his hips as he quickly gathered a fresh set of clothes. When he turned back around, he saw Dean’s eyes diverting from him back to the task at hand.
He was glad to once again be clad in some warm attire with his—Dean’s—slightly oversized shirt. The sleeves hung down past his wrists, which convinced him that the shirt must also be a size too big for Dean as well. The jeans were worse, however. Where the length fit him well enough, the waist again was a little too big. His leaner frame always struggled to keep them up, and left him with the annoying task of pulling them back up over his hips if ever he forgot to wear a belt. The belt which he now couldn’t find despite believing he had left it in the bathroom the night before.
showed. Always with hot cups of coffee in handmade the way Cas liked it— and occasionally with a new cassette he had made tucked into his pocket.
“I hope so. I swear all things that go bump in the night only come out to play when I least want them too. Whenever I’m itching for a fight everything goes dead silent. It’s shit luck.”
“For everything. And I know you said that apologising is just air better spent on breathing… but I’m fighting for it right now. All of the amends I need to make and all of the breaths I need to take, they’re all better spent on you.”
Dean grinned at his naivety. “Come on, surely you’ve heard that one by now,” he said and sidled in a little closer. He continued to look Cas up and down but was now taking his time, his focus shifting slowly. Cas swallowed hard, suddenly self-conscious with Dean staring at his crotch.
“Sorry to disappoint, Sammy. Castiel and I have been keeping it pretty PG,” Dean muttered. He went to leave for the bathroom but Sam blocked the doorway.
He didn’t have an appropriate response prepared in case Dean brought it up, but apparently he needn’t had worried, because Dean didn’t say a word about it.
“Mmm,” Dean hummed distractedly, now biting at Castiel’s shoulder. “But I kinda like you when you’re bossy.”
“You can’t know that for sure,” Sam said. As he took an additional three steps back, Dean took a juxtaposed three steps forward.
Castiel truly felt. But he didn’t want to. Humanity had come as a curse to him, rather than a blessing—rather than a saviour from the apathetic and corrupt. Dean’s affections were essentially poisoning him.
Worse because he’d seen something just like them before, back when his soul was trapped and tortured in Hell. These creatures were the things of his worst nightmares. They were the memory of his 40 years in Hell; being torn apart and tormented endlessly, all the while begging desperately not to exist anymore because the agony was more than he could endure.
He swept through the halls swiftly with all the tapes clasped to his chest, his breath coming out fast, hot and heavy as the adrenaline coursed through his veins. The halls were ominously quiet with no indicators as to Dean’s whereabouts—he could only assume that Dean was already in the bathroom, or at least he hoped so. At Dean’s door, he knocked quietly only once, dreading the possibility of it actually opening. But it didn’t. The room was remarkably empty, and it looked as though Dean himself hadn’t been in there since returning to the bunker. His bag wasn’t in the room and all the permanent fixtures remained untouched. Cas sighed with relief and hurried inside, again forgetting in which drawer the tapes actually belonged. Flustered, he opened all of them until he found the right one. He hoped Dean hadn’t had some kind of order to his tapes the way he seemed to with the rest of his belongings. Cas noted that none of his books or the tapes left out on his desk had any kind of organisation, alphabetical or otherwise. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t missing something. Dean often seemed to handle his property in a way that made sense to him and no one else. There was no time to fret over it now, however, so Cas tucked them in as neatly as he could with trembling fingers and pushed the drawer shut.
Castiel peered up at him, his expression forlorn. He was burdened with the fear of what Dean would say or do. After all, he had completely violated Dean’s privacy and drawn attention to something Dean obviously hadn’t wanted to share.
There was evidence of angels in numerous headlines: unexplained miracles and an influx of missing people as the angels took on vessels in which to roam the Earth. Castiel’s chest felt heavy and his stomach started to churn as he had been reading the paper for far too long; forgetting his initial plan to avoid falling ill. But something felt different this time. It wasn’t just the travel that was making him unwell. It was guilt.
It didn’t matter that Dean had tried his best. He found no solace in the thought. It didn’t matter how it happened or how far he tried to reach out, because it didn’t change anything. Dean was here, and Cas was there; probably dead. All those months without the angel did nothing to prepare him for this, it didn’t make the loss any easier.
“It’s pie-like,” Dean assured him, inhaling the scent of ruined apples. He picked a slice from the pot between two fingers and winced at the heat, not even taking the time to blow on it before popping it into his mouth.
“Bath salts,” Dean repeated, actually blushing a little, “lavender scented. It makes the bath nice.”
A car pulled out of the lot and cast its headlights past the Impala which gave Castiel just enough time to see Dean’s face in the light. His eyes were shut and his mouth agape in an overwhelmed desire, and Cas was intrigued by the swelling of Dean’s lips where his kisses had left their mark; claiming them as his.
“I begged for it,” Purah recalled. And Cas knew exactly what she meant. He knew what it was to call to it like a terrifying saviour.
“Last night… you said that ‘if I had to ask’…” Cas murmured weakly, “what did you mean? What did I have to ask?”
Sam made a face and near shuddered at the sight of Dean’s coffee stained dribble hanging off his chin. Clearly he found Dean disgusting. He tossed the slightly damp cloth to him and continued as Dean wiped his face. “Well, I think until then we’ll just have to keep him here,” Sam decided finally. He didn’t look or sound thrilled by the idea.
“Until then? More of the same,” Dean gathered the dishes and set about putting them away in their rightful place. When he couldn’t recall the correct drawer for a kitchen utensil, Castiel wordlessly opened it for him.
“Okay, look, maybe I have seen one or two episodes, alright? There was nothing else on and I was bored so I watched it… besides, there’s something about that Samantha. She’s fiery. I like fiery women.”
“Well.” Dean mulls it over. “Town doesn’t have a lot in the way of clothes shops, but there’s a mall about an hour and a half away. I know you ate, but I didn’t, so if we swing through town so I can get a sandwich, we can get on the road pretty quick.”
“That’s true.” Charlie hands Castiel the cheese fries he’d requested when she’d gone to get them food. “These are nasty, dude, I don’t know why you like them.”
Castiel sits out on the dock by one of the lakes he’s fond of, dangling his feet in the water, sitting in peaceful silence. He had devised all sorts of disastrous scenarios for what might happen when he saw Dean again. Maybe Dean would blame him. Maybe Dean would be angry. Maybe Dean would throw him out of the Roadhouse and tell him he never wanted to see him again.
“Charlie seems like she’s doing well,” he says, rummaging around in his dresser for sweatpants and a tee shirt. “Lighter and happier than I’ve seen her for some time. Which is pretty cool.” He finds them and tugs his shirt off. “Nice to just hang out and shoot the shit with someone about TV, you know? I can’t remember such a long stretch of mostly being able to just shoot the shit with people. I never got you into
Castiel immediately tosses it in one of the trash cans they pass as they walk along the sidewalk of the city. “Excellent.”
“Maybe everybody’s got thoughts because one of you needs to take a step.” Sam licks a bit of mustard off his thumb. “Look, I’m not saying Dean isn’t also being an idiot, but he’s not listening to me when I tell him to talk to you, so I have to give you a shot. And by the way,” he adds. “He’s being an idiot for the
“Because you haven’t-“ Dean hears a buzz that sounds like it’s a voice on the other end of the line and he’s suddenly sure he’s speaking along with somebody else. “Replied to any of your texts since 11:53 am.”
They must have lost. He wonders where Sam and Dean are, where Jack is, what Chuck could have possibly pulled him out of the Empty for-
to do the right thing. I mean, hell, we’ve all done some bad shit, but you still just… believe so strongly that there’s a right thing. You throw yourself in the path of danger over and over for the right thing and don’t get me wrong, I don’t like that martyr bullshit in you any more than you like it in me, but the impulse is just. What makes you you. I think you’re good. I think you’re the best thing that ever happened to me, but I think you’re good on your own, too. You just… you just glow with it, you know? And I always wondered,
“Yes.” Castiel feels his lips twitch as he remembers Dean’s vaguely irritable prayer on the subject. “I know.”
But there is a point in the idea that perhaps not having to address it was, as Sam would put it, “a perk”, even if had never occurred to him.
Meg cackles from the couch, turning her telenovela down and looking at them properly for the first time.
Castiel won’t ask Jack to do something that frightens him so deeply. But there’s also a little part of him that can’t chance it, no matter how much he wants Jack to take Dean Winchester’s soul and shove it right back in his body, make sure he can live the rest of his life in comfort and peace. He can’t risk having to do what Jack asked him to. He won’t ask him to do anything that might push him into it, even if he thinks it’s so unlikely.
It’s more than he ever expected. More than he ever thought he’d deserve. It’s overwhelming, a little bit, the whole of heaven narrowed down to this one room, and this one man, in this one moment.
Castiel wonders for just a second if he’s using it as a loophole but there’s plain honesty in his face. “…okay. You can tell me about your day.”
He’s so Cas’s kid, and Dean guesses it’s gotta count for something that it’s not the kind of thought that slows him down anymore. “Sure, let’s go and see what’s in the kitchen.”
Charlie looks, abruptly, like someone who has just remembered she was not supposed to tell someone something.
Eventually Dean gives up and admits to himself he’s not getting any work done tonight and closes the book, putting the pen on the table. He heads over to the couch instead and sits on it, but he ends up staring into nothing from there just as much as he was at the table. He looks over through the window instead. He can’t see anything out of it thanks to the sun having set, but the trees are out there, which brings him a kind of comfort.
Charlies gapes, then snorts. “So you did it when you absolutely wouldn’t have to face any consequences, huh?”
“Alright, enough out of you, wiseass.” Dean looks around a little. “Think it should rain tomorrow. What do you think?”
“Well, in my experience with the angels I’ve known that have rebelled, it’s probably an even stronger sign you’re doing well.”
“Okay,” he answers. “Thanks… for considering it. Can, uh.” He clears his throat. “Can I see him?” The look the Empty gives him is unimpressed. He wants to shake it again. “Okay. I’ll be… bye.”
Castiel opens his mouth, then closes it again. “Those are… good points. But I’m maintaining mine as well. Not to mention I took
“Just driving to drive.” Dean looks in the rearview again. “Did you have something planned? We can drop you off-“
Dean looks amused. “Yeah, Cas, I bet that’ll go real well for you.” He takes his root beer back. “Gimme that.”
“Oh, he’s been busy. Rebuilding Heaven into something a little freer.” Rowena shifts on her stool. “Have you never heard of a chair with a back?”
“Why don’t you walk through the store? I’ll see if I can find you a section with appropriate graphic tees.”
Cas’s smile widens a little. “Me, too. I like my truck.” He looks around. “It’s nice here. I pictured it nice but it’s nicer.”
“I am, but, you know, trying new things.” Dean slides her a plate. “Quit your bitching and eat your food.”
“Will you tell Dean when you see him that I miss him? And I’m just… really glad that I got to know him.”
“It’ll be fun.” Charlie grins. “Me, Sam and Jack, Dean and Cas, and you to heckle. It’s gonna be awesome.”
Sam and Eileen go out to walk the dogs in the woods the next day, Sam bitching about doing Dean’s chores for him, and it means that Dean spends the morning gathering up all his notebooks, including Sam’s notepad from last night, and reads them all as carefully as possible. They all say more or less the same thing.
I mean, I guess the food’s gonna be insane everywhere here.” Charlie looks down at the Belgian waffle with strawberries and a side of bacon that’s just appeared in front of her. “I dunno what Heaven looks like for me yet. I guess that’s part of the fun of it though, right?”
They sit comfortably at the breakfast bar, Charlie seeming to understand that the dining room table is for research.
Meg is standing there, glowering at him, leaning against a cane. Her hair is brown again, and he’s as he remembers her before Crowley had been torturing her, black leather jacket over a purple shirt.
Cas looks amused as he opens up the shotgun door to the Impala. “You would think that it’s hilarious.”
“No, it can’t. Your body is new. Your stomach is empty and the cabin is a couple hours away. We’ll need to stop.” Castiel glowers. Jack seems unconcerned. “There’s a diner down the road. We’ll go there.”
Claire stares at him for another moment and then stands. She rushes to him and he’s half expecting her to hit him when instead she collides with him in a hug. A little startled, he wraps his arms around her.
She stands and wraps him in a tight hug. He resists the urge to lift her off her feet a little, even though he thinks she wouldn’t mind. She pulls back and beams.
“You’re way too uptight. What are you gonna get to eat?” She swirls the straw in her milkshake. “You give me fancy vibes.”
me to kill him. And maybe if I was a kid, you know, when Dad died, when I made the deal for Sam, maybe I would’ve. But I realized that I just… wasn’t that man. And that’s cause of you. You changed me, too, Cas, and I just-“ he looks down at his lap and squeezes his eyes closed. “You can have me.”
Castiel smiles and heads back to the fitting room to get his clothes in the shopping bags. He hefts them on the way out and Dean takes a couple.
Dean nods towards the birdhouse on the porch. “Go nuts.” He hefts the bag and puts it in the shed, closing the door as Jack carefully hangs it from the tree over near the window in the dining room. He’s got a set of binoculars set up there so he can see what new kinds are there. Sam’s expressed surprise that he’s become a “freaky bird guy” but, well, he’d really missed the birds when Chuck sent them away.
Castiel takes a few steps forwards until he’s about halfway into the room and stops again. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t know how to say anything he
There’s a pleasant little melody of a knock on his door. She could walk right in but he’s pretty sure she knocks just to fuck with him. Dean walks up to the door and opens it.
“Thanks, man.” Dean claps his hands together, which Sam sees now has a faint glint of gold to it. “I’m hungry. Cas, you hungry?”
Dean knows. It’s Jack’s favorite food. He starts pulling ingredients out. “So what have you been up to?”
Dean returns with a small sack of honey roasted peanuts and comes to lean against the railing with him. Castiel reaches out and takes a couple.
“Nah, makes sense.” Dean glances at him in the rearview mirror. “When Mom came back, she was real twitchy about me driving the car.”
Scrapper comes up and nudges Cas’s hand where it’s resting on his thigh. Cas reaches out and pets him. “You have a good dog. I fail to see why you’re up in arms about Charlie and Jack calling him Scraps.”
Dean sounds wonderful. He sounds at peace, and even when Castiel is drifting in the water, even when he lays in the stream and is permeated by melancholy, sometimes he will think of Dean, and his cabin, and his dog.
It’s her choice of setting, even if she doesn’t know it consciously. It’s the restaurant they got burgers at one time together, just the two of them. She had been confused but seemed kind of happy, and it means something to him that this is where she feels comfortable.
“No. It was nice.” Dean finally looked up to see Cas looking a little amused, eyes wet. “Take the compliment, Dean.”
Dean pulls him in for the hug he’s looking for. “Travel safe.” He can’t help but say it even though he knows Jack is pretty much incapable of
“I mean, listen, we’re not good at the huggy feely crap. Any of us. And I get that, you know. And I get, I mean, I could’ve said something, you know, I know that. I get it. I get all of it
, and I can’t, I can’t do it because it’s the line, if I do this once I’ll do it again, I’ll just cross that line over and over again and then I’m
“Hm.” Cas sounds endearingly suspicious and Dean can’t help a little grin, looking at the daffodils on his little table. “You’re not covering for having done something foolhardy on your ankle?”
He shrugs a little again. “Now I’m not. Everything’s got a little-“ he waves a little. “Perspective, now.”
Dean immediately makes his way out from behind the bar and rapidly walks up to Castiel until he collides with him in an almost forceful hug. Castiel returns it, the relief settling into his skin. He lets himself sink into the hug and pretends that he doesn’t know that despite everyone continuing their conversations, they have several sets of eyes on them.
It is a good cabin, Castiel thinks. Surrounded by woods and lake, the exact sort of place he would have pictured Dean in. It’s wonderful, but not as wonderful as what he can see right now.
Castiel appears in a rustle of wings to Jack, who’s sitting on the park bench reading a book that appears to be a
“Okay, well.” He sat down on the ground. Kneeling would be… too far. Too much. He was going to have to do this in a way that made sense or he was gonna panic. “Don’t… start freaking out.”
Dean’s still in the process of decorating his room. The shiny wood walls have very little on them. But he’s got photos of everybody up there, everyone he’s loved and lost, and sometimes he thinks that’s enough.
So in the afternoon, after he’s done more reading with one of Bobby’s books, he gives Scrapper a bone to work on while he’s sitting on the porch and heads out to start in on it.
Sometimes, after a while, Cas’s face is tinged with sadness, and once when Dean can see the forlorn traces in his face as he puts a vase of red carnations on Dean’s little table (a little cleaner than it was before all this started), he decides to bring it up cause Cas shouldn’t be forlorn, ever. He looks all sad and it’s… kinda upsetting.
“They are.” They were among the first portions of Heaven that Castiel had helped rebuild. He’d felt he’d owed it to them. “They miss you but they’re happy.”
is very good, by the way. I appreciate Charlie’s recommendation. I think she’d like being an Aunt Charlie.”
But you just, you give this whole speech, and you telling me that you just, you want what you know you can’t have? You never
“It’s okay.” It feels like it might never be okay again. “It’s fine. Don’t beat yourself up about it.” Jack gives him a look that is so painfully Winchester that his chest clenches, the look that tells him he’s said something extremely dumb. “
Jack gives him one of his little waves where his hand just goes up and doesn’t move before he turns and starts heading down the road. He doesn’t vanish right off. Dean’s not surprised. Jack likes the walk. Dean watches him go.
Cas rolls his eyes but holds out his hand. Dean takes it and the two of them haul each other up. Cas doesn’t let go of Dean’s hand. Dean doesn’t pull it away.
Cas made a similar noise. He quietly slid his ring on at the same time Dean slid on his. He stared at his hand, tilting it this way and that. The gold glinted a little.
“Dean seems happy.” Castiel makes a noncommittal noise, hoping to hear more stories about Sam’s son and grandchildren. “Hey, is it
Castiel smiles at him, trying to keep it fond and not so much amused. “I think that’s a very good Queer Eye, Jack.”
They sit in silence, Castiel keeping his arm around her shoulders, feeling her breathing slow as they stare at the wall of the restaurant.
“I’m thinking about how people… fear it. Because the lightning comes after. But it’s not really about the lightning. The ground becomes softer than it was before, the lakes fill. Flowers bloom. Thunder isn’t about lightning or rain. It’s about change.” He looks over at Jack. “People don’t like change, Jack.”
“Didn’t you once give me shit for looking like a lumberjack?” Dean asks as he swings the ax. “Joke’s on me, huh?” He can see the look Cas would have given him at that one, the way his eyes would crinkle at the corners as he tried not to look smug because he knew if he did Dean would point out that it wasn’t very angelic of him. “I’m making you do this for a while. See how snippy you get then about lumberjacks.” He stops praying then because it’s hard to pray and chop wood at the same time.
“No. I came to see you cause you’re my friend and I missed you and I wanted you to know about my life.” Castiel finally feels safe to look at Sam, who looks pretty peaceable if still amused. “Bothering you about this is just a perk.”
“I… hadn’t really gotten that far.” This is something he should have thought of. Can he just build a closet for himself somewhere?
Sam and Eileen spend a good chunk of their three days visiting keeping an eye on him until he tells them to knock it off. Jack hugs him extra tight before he leaves. Sam actually leans back a little when he hugs him when they leave, which is one of Dean’s least favorite things because it requires him to stretch, but he tolerates it and promises the two of them that he’ll call if the Empty decides to let Cas go.
Jack walks towards him and holds out his arms. Castiel almost collapses into a hug and feels Jack squeeze him tightly, and he wonders exactly how long he’s been gone, and what exactly happened.
Sam looks about the same as he did when he last saw him, hands shoved in the pockets of his flannel as he grins at Castiel, a little sheepishly.
“Everyone knows, genius,” Meg says. “You think Dean Winchester is just gonna die and everybody he ever knew won’t know it?”
He feels himself collapse, falling to his knees in an empty city, the pavement hard against his knees.
It was a gut decision. The sort you make without thinking through the implications, because it just feels right in the moment, and how could it be anything else later?
“All right.” Dean turns to Charlie, who is watching with a deeply amused look on her face. “Charlie, did you want another beer?”
“You’re goddamn right.” She punches his arm. “Come play air hockey with me. I want to tell Dean that I beat you when he comes later.”
“You can have as many windows as you want without worrying that something’s going to break in through them.”
“It was depressing and not depressing.” Castiel stands on his tip toes, looking at the wall that’s been torn down, and sweeps his arm. The woods rebuilds itself as though it’s been wiped clean, and the wall is gone. “It was unpleasant to see your visage being used so but it was pleasant to see your face.” He turns to her. “Would you like to sit down?”
“I think that might be… overwhelming.” Dean needs to process things at his own pace, which is a pace much slower than that of himself or really anybody in the family (and Castiel was that, he knows, even if he’s not so sure in what capacity), and it’s only been three weeks. He’s not sure where Dean’s at. He needs to give him the space.
“I can stop with the flowers, if it makes you uncomfortable,” Cas says abruptly after a prolonged period of silence.
It’s dizzying how black the void is. He glances behind him to see the shimmer and notices a thin gold thread extending from it. When he follows it, he sees that thread wrapped around his waist.
He stands on the dock and rolls down his pant legs, socks and shoes appearing on his feet automatically.
“Ah, that’s just-“ He looks down at it. Fuck. Hadn’t occurred to him he might have to tell Sam. “Just something I got for Cas. I’m gonna go change into sweatpants, okay? Come back for some food.”
He can’t believe he’ll succeed but he can believe Dean does and he believes that Dean will pray to him every day that he’s alive, and one day the prayers will stop coming and he will know Dean is dead and it will crush him for the rest of eternity, but for now he has them, and every time he gets one he resurfaces and he clings to the sound of Dean’s voice, to the story of his new life.
He checks his phone. Cas has sent him a blurry picture of a cat with an oversized thumbs up that is so close to the camera that Dean has to assume it’s his. It comes with a text saying
“Dean doesn’t even know I’m here. There’s precedence for angels visiting humans in their dreams. It’s the only way I was able to come.”
“Purgatory,” Dean answers instantly. “Thought I was going out of my mind. I was just…” he clears his throat. “Just needed you back. I knew we didn’t have much left time to live and I was just… was prepared to die out there so long as you were with me.”
The drive over is mostly spent quiet. Jack plays Carly Rae Jepsen over the radio. Castiel watches the landscape out the window buzz by.
He wants to go back to see Sam and Dean so badly it aches, but this isn’t several years ago anymore, when it was just the three of them, when it was just their lives.
“I’m thinking about setting up a DND game,” Charlie says, her feet up on the table in her little house. Meg is sprawled out on the couch, watching a telenovela. “Would you be interested?”
when he had his vinyl player going. It was… one of the best days of my life.” She shrugs awkwardly, looking down at her chocolate milkshake. “I never really had a family before I met the Winchesters.”
“Yeah.” He points at her with his spoon as he puts the hollandaise over it. “You know how much butter goes into hollandaise? This is the kind of shit that’ll kill you.”
“I just want to tell you about my day,” he says matter of factly. “I know I don’t need to tell you anything. But I usually talk to you about my day, so I’m doing it now.”
Dean got distracted just looking at his face for a few seconds, which had to be in the top ten dumbass Dean Winchester moments, but when Cas’s eyebrows went even further up his forehead he cleared his throat and started fumbling in his pockets.
“I’m on my own side, baby. It’s the best side there is.” She takes another one of his friends. “Call your boyfriend. I’m tired of him asking about you.”
“I’m not sure I do either, to be honest with you.” He can hear the twittering of birds from the trees behind them. “But I’m here. And you’re here. So we may as well figure out what to do with ourselves.”
When Dean leaves the house, locking the door behind him, he stops dead in the doorway when he sees the mushrooms that have abruptly cropped up in the grass near the porch in a specific pattern.
“Gotta go back inside soon, buddy,” he says, and just hearing his voice in person feels like it would be enough to have helped Castiel survive the Empty for another year. He chucks the stick into the woods again and puts the broom against the wall. “Hope you brought pie again, dude, that stuff you brought last time was-“ He turns to face them, still grinning, and stops dead. His hand lunges out to grab at the column on the porch and when he does Castiel can feel himself slow down a little, thrown by the fact of their eyes meeting.
The two of them sit on the chairs and look out at the sky. It’s nice every day, but it’s especially nice today, a brilliant blue shot with a couple clouds, Castiel assumes because that’s the way Dean would have liked the sky today.
“It is.” Jack takes a turn up a long road. “I thought about asking them if they wished to accompany me at any point, but I travel in a different way than they would, and I think they’ve had enough of travel anyway. It’s time to put down real roots. Sam and Eileen are in a nice little house square in the middle of a town and Dean is out this way, and everyone in the towns that know them thinks they are a little strange but kind. It’s the sort of life they’ve earned.”
Cas does look up then with a soft smile. “You’re my husband,” he replies, and kisses him gently. “Would you like to go find a movie to watch?”
“He’s very intent on a… hands-off approach when it comes to humanity.” Castiel looks at the floor. “He wishes to avoid the mistakes of my father. Much as I wish to avoid his. Much as Dean and Sam wished to avoid theirs.”
“I thought I should finish it.” Jack looks around, clearly satisfied. “I was thinking Dean and I could come here again.”
Castiel doesn’t know what that means. He hears the hope in Dean’s voice and is glad for it. He thinks about a cabin by a lake, and wonders what it would be like to sit on the edge of the dock and stare out at the water and the trees.
“Cas,” he says, steeling himself a little bit. “If this is bumming you out, you don’t have to keep doing it. I don’t want you to-“
But that had gone… well. They hadn’t talked about it. But maybe Dean wasn’t ready to talk about it. Castiel isn’t sure he is, either. It had been good to simply… see Dean. To be standing there in his presence again, to joke with him. It had been enough. It’ll continue to be enough.
Scrapper trots up to the porch. Dean gives him a scratch behind the ears. “Good man.” They head back inside, and Dean locks the door for the evening.
“The tire changing exercise was helpful.” Cas drops his duffle bag as well. “Especially since I will be continuing to use my truck.”
“Then I don’t think you should be contemplative, either. He’s going to be very excited to see you. He wouldn’t have a room for you if he didn’t.”
Mostly Castiel works on building little cities, big cities, great expanses of woods. He and Jack work together sometimes, and sometimes he helps Meg inspect where the walls were, which is mostly an excuse to walk around with Meg. He keeps himself busy, tries not to think about anything, like the look on Dean’s face before he was pulled away, or the vulnerability of the confession he had left hanging out there. It’s better to build a skyscraper than it is to think too much about it.
The sun is bright. It’s bright in a way he hasn’t seen in a while and he squeezes his eyes shut. His heart is pounding for the first time in a while. His lungs are going. He can feel the sun on his skin. It’s disorienting. He lets himself adjust slowly and when he feels capable, he opens his eyes again.
“Uh-huh.” Dean hands her one, eyeing her somewhat suspiciously. Castiel can’t blame him. There is definitely something a little too knowing in the expression Charlie’s wearing. She smiles sweetly. “Thanks.”
“Hey, Cas,” he whispers, and it occurs to him that he’d very much missed being called Cas by him. “It’s good to see you.”
“Sam.” The two of them hug, Castiel grinning. It’s only been what feels like five months or so since he’s seen him, but he’s missed Sam’s constancy. “Please tell me you died in a reasonable manner.”
dude.” He gestures at the wide expanse of lawn in front of them. Castiel’s heard him complain about mowing it but knows he could make it less if he wanted to, and that he secretly likes the mowing. “You could have
“You could-“ Dean clears his throat a little. “You could store them at my place.” Castiel blinks, giving him a startled look, and he gives a little shrug. “I mean, if you want to. I’ve got space.”
“I invite you over to celebrate the last of the work on the cabin and you insult me and my dog. You’re a dick.”
“I think he’ll pull it off.” Claire scuffs her shoe on the ground. “He’s the best of the lot of us. This restaurant is… a
“It’s.” Castiel looks around, a little perturbed at the question. It feels like it’s obvious. “It’s Heaven.”
, Castiel thinks, a thought too painful to dwell on for too long) they will no doubt want him to be polite. So he will be polite.
“Awesome.” Dean tugs the glasses off and rests them on the breakfast bar. “I’ll get my keys. You sure you don’t mind being in a car all day again?”
“Dean.” Castiel narrows his eyes. “Dean likes to ask sometimes if I’m doing-“ he raises his fingers like he’s going to make air quotes but he doesn’t bend his fingers, just keeps them up. “
“Got a thing up in Poughkeepsie,” she tells him, swirling her English muffin around in her yolk and hollandaise. “Vampire nest. Stevie and I were talking about heading up there. You in?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Point is, if it was just this, I’d be more worried. But it’s not just this. You’re just… doing what I’d do. And living as close to how you’d want as you’d like.”
They sit in peaceable silence before Dean decides to let his brain take a spin on the wheel of impulse decisions and land on one. He turns and very gently presses his lips against Cas’s, who jumps a little bit next to him before going very still.
The time that Dean spends at the Roadhouse is up for grabs. Sometimes Castiel swings by for lunch and the two of them hang out at the bar while he eats a burger. Most of the time he spends it with other people. Eileen is intent on teaching him how to ski, something he is doing his best with. He and Sam go out jogging. He and Jack go out shopping or watch television together. He sees Charlie. He sees Meg.
“I just… I don’t want…” He doesn’t miss the look she sneaks at the table. “I don’t want you to get too far inside your head.”
The first thing Dean does when Charlie leaves is clean the kitchen, putting the plates in the small dishwasher. Then he throws all Scrapper’s toys back in the toy basket. One of these days he’s gonna figure out how to train him to put them back in there himself.
“Oh. Yes, eventually you will see me again. But…” Castiel tries to parse the words carefully so they don’t come out all tangled and anxious. “Try to make sure it’s not too soon, Claire.”
But, well, nothing else is new. Dean’s arm is slung around the back of his seat and when Castiel leans back on the bench just a little bit he doesn’t move it, but keeps it where it’s practically sprawled over over his shoulders.
“You’re making quite the headway.” Dean’s scowl deepens. Cas looks around his room. “You should tidy up in here.”
“I think we’d like that.” She sticks her hands in her pockets. “This is the house where I died. I don’t really want to stay in it.”
Bobby had mailed him three new books this week and he’s still working through the first one. It’s slow going- Sam had always been the research guy, and he’d had to start learning new languages and new terms and new symbols. But he’s getting better as time goes on, and by now he knows the symbol for “the Empty” in five different languages.
“I… don’t know.” It’s true. He’s spent the past six months working exclusively on the new system that he’s not quite sure what to do with himself now that he can no longer pretend that it’s necessary. “I’m going to figure something out, I suppose.”
Castiel looks at the ground. He does know, is the thing. He can see it in the act of asking him if he’s okay at brunch. He can see it in finding him the coat. He can see it in building him the room. But as much as he may have spoken to the happiness being in the being, there is a great deal of fear in the asking. Because maybe he’s wrong. Maybe he’s misread the whole thing.
“And he’s not… the only one who was the best out of Sam, Dean, and I.” Castiel looks down at her. “You are an exceptional young woman, Claire, and I know that I can speak for the three of us when I say we have all been extremely grateful to know you. I am sorry for all the damage and wrong I have caused you. But I consider it my privilege to have known you. And I just… want you to know that.”
Dean gapes at him for another moment, then shakes himself out of it and sits down next to him with his notebook.
“Yeah,” he answers distantly. “Yeah.” He snaps the notebook shut and speaks more decisively. “Yeah.” He stands up. “Okay, we’re going into the living room.”
They settle into a booth, sitting across from each other in the high-backed section. “Of course there’s a table.”
“Jack insisted that we stop for lunch on the way.” Dean can read the tone in his voice clearly, that if he’d had his way they would have come right here, and his heart swells.
“So what do you want to do?” Dean asks as they look around, leaning against the dining room table. “We’ve still got Charlie’s magic credit card. We can do whatever you want.”
“I could’ve been. Isn’t knife skills a requirement? Anyway, I think this is gonna work.” Dean holds up
“Sam’s more fun than Dean is,” Castiel says, because he can’t resist it. Dean looks even more affronted.
Castiel drops the bags of clothes and strides forwards, colliding with Dean in a hug. Dean takes a few surprised steps back but then returns the hug just as warmly, squeezing Castiel tight. He presses his face into the juncture between Dean’s neck and his shoulder.
“I like the birds,” Dean cuts in, feeling a little needled at the same time he’s feeling a little warmed by Sam’s words.
“I’m, uh.” Dean doesn’t look at him while he says it. “I’m proud of you, too, you know. If you were anyone else, that kind of power would’ve been, well. Wouldn’t have been good. But you’re, y’know, you. So it was fine. And I’m really proud that you’re the kind of kid where it… would have been fine.”
Castiel blinks, confused, takes a step towards the voice, and finds himself in a diner. The diner is mostly empty (a recent build, he thinks, probably something from Balthazar, who finds them quaint), but there’s a familiar redhead who’s sitting in a booth, who grins when she sees him.
Dean can hear the smile in Jack’s voice and is kinda glad he’s busy making the pancakes because how big that kind of smile gets always makes him feel awkward and a little embarrassed. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Well.” Dean flips a pancake. “Yeah, I guess, you know, I know you like them, so, you know, in case you come by, I thought I’d have them on hand.”
“Yes.” Charlie throws up the live long and prosper as she walks backwards out the door and Dean does the same.
Dean and Cas jog down the stairs of the Bunker, duffle bags in hand. Sam notices that they seem a little looser in the way they walk, which is a relief. Both Dean and Cas have been holed up in their respective rooms for the past few weeks. It’s good that their trip to bury God’s book for Jack worked out for them.
“There’s not going to be any-“ Castiel feels the impulse to pull on the reins very quickly. “There’s not going to be any Queer Eyeing, Jack, I just want new clothes.”
“I used to watch you while you slept all the time,” Cas answers from where he’s seated at the table, cleaning knives.
He wakes up, blearily, to the sound of his phone ringing. He grapples in the sheets for it and peers at it. Sammy
“I… don’t remember any of my time in the Empty.” Castiel rests his hands by his sides, trying not to fidget. Fidgeting is not one of his favorite human habits that he’s picked up. He feels that it’s telling. “None of us do. Jack offered each of us to restore it but I believe we… all thought this was best. And then…” He shrugs. “Then I was working. And I wasn’t quite… okay, but I was working.”
“Yeah.” Dean settles into the couch, putting his feet up on the coffee table. “Yeah, I’ve got some more stuff under my belt. I’ve been, uh, I’ve been thinking about trying canapés.”
“Sure. Everyone needs a hobby. Seems like a fun one.” She peers at what he’s doing. “Is that eggs benedict?”
Cas makes a choking noise and Dean’s about to apologize for the shit joke but then the choking evolves into laughing, shaking his head.
“No. I don’t, either.” He’ll only return once Dean’s time has come, if Dean will have him back. Home is, Castiel had learned quite some time ago, wherever Dean is, even when he has been forced to leave it. “But I suppose I’m going to figure it out.”
Dean heads behind the bar and Castiel comes up to sit on a stool, refusing to dwell too much on the fact that he would have really preferred his hands to stay where they were.
Dean heads back into the house and Castiel stands, walking up to lean on the porch railing. The sunlight sparkles off the lake, and he thinks how nice it’ll be tomorrow, when the rain blurs the surface of it. Soon, he and Dean will have to prepare for the evening. Dean is going to show him the right way to make the potato salad, and pretend he’s not dithering about whether or not there’s a right way to stack the paper plates. He and Dean will set up the backyard shortly and when everyone arrives, the grass will not be trampled. The barbecue could be all set up on its own, but Dean likes to do it, and Castiel doesn’t mind it himself.
“Right.” Sam hangs up and Dean puts the phone down, watching the flowers sitting on his table quietly.
The park is where they spend the bulk of their time together, and when Castiel arrives Jack is sitting on the swings, idly looking up at the sky.
“I want to appear to someone in a dream. I don’t want to do anything else. That’s it. And if it’s something you’re uncomfortable with, then you don’t have to.”
“Yes. I heard.” Castiel pulls down another chunk of wall and watches as it vanishes into nothing. “I’m doing my best, Mary.” To be polite. He has no interest in doing his best to like John Winchester.
“He doesn’t blame me. And he’s looking forwards to when he gets to see Sam again. I think he misses you,” he adds thoughtfully. Castiel’s stomach drops down to his feet. “He didn’t say it. But he looked a little. I dunno, wistful? He was happy to know that you were okay.”
But seconds pass and nothing happened, so Dean slowly lays down on the couch and closes his eyes, waiting slowly for sleep to come.
“Rebuild Heaven. No more walls. No more being trapped. Anyone can go wherever they’d like. I think that’s only right.”
“Part and parcel of being human, buddy.” Dean gives him a clap on the shoulder. “C’mon. I’ll make us sandwiches.”
“Yes. I know.” He does. It’s still a little dizzying to see it in person. He looks down at the jacket. It fits perfectly. He sticks his hands in his pockets. They’re the right amount of deep. The color is so close to his old coat. “Dean, it’s perfect.”
Charlie looks up at him, now comfortably in her PJs. “I’m pretty tired,” she says. “Are you heading to bed?”
“I lived with my dad almost my whole young life,” he tells her. “Couple of times I went off on my own, but almost all Dad. Then almost all Sam. Even when Sam was gone, I was with Lisa. I think I gotta live on my own for a while, Charlie. It’s…” he struggles to find the words. He’s trying to do this, open up a little more, piece by piece, but it still feels like pulling teeth. “It’s good for me to have my own space. I like it. I like the feeling of nobody being around for miles but me and Scrapper.”
“His name is-“ he sighs. “Whatever, point is, no dumbass dog that Sam’s got is gonna be better than Scrapper. He’s a
Just a headsup that I wrote this right after 15x19, when I had much less understanding of what had gone on in the show since I stopped watching it than I do now, so some characters are going to be a little out of joint (Charlie especially I think) but honestly I like this fic the way it is, so I thought I would post it.
Dean pulls away, and Cas blinks at him, eyes very wide and very blue all of the sudden, before he gives him a soft little smile. Dean quickly resumes looking back at the wall, trying to muffle his own a little bit.
“He was never going to blame you.” Castiel glances over his shoulder at the new town, exactly the way it was when the four of them came. “You’ve constructed the rest of it, I see.”
He’s changing, up here. He can feel it. But it’s not the change he’s associated with heaven previously. It’s good change. He feels lighter. Better. He smiles a little wider. He laughs more. As he finds more joy, he is realizing, he is seeking further change, in little steps.
“This is part of my heaven. I haven’t really… fully tinkered with it. It feels a little silly for me to have a heaven.” He shrugs. “But sometimes I need someplace to go.”
“Yes, so I’ve been told.” Castiel peruses the menu. “I’m pleased you’re going to find your real Heaven.”
It’s beautiful, Castiel thinks, to see Dean marvel at the everyday realities of heaven. It suddenly occurs to him for the first time that this may be how Dean felt watching him adjust to Earth. He wonders if that would explain the amused softness he thought he’d caught glimpses of every now and again.
Cas reaches out and takes Dean’s hand. Dean tangles their fingers together. He passes Cas his beer with his free hand and Cas takes it, taking a sip.
“He’s pretty broken up about it, Jody says,” she tells him. “Jody and Donna wanted to be the ones to tell me but he told her to say he’ll call me.”
Dean finds the shimmer and steps back through it. The abrupt shift in worlds makes him stumble and Jack and Sam catch him by the arms, Eileen quickly pressing her hands against his front in case he falls over.
“So I think we should rebuild. Give people the tools to make their heavens what they want them to be. Tear down the walls. It just requires… restructuring.” Jack looks at him. “I’d like you to stay.”
“I don’t have to.” All the other outfits click into place looking down at this one. Everything else is going to fit now. It’s like seeing a new version of himself. One he likes. “This is it.” He looks up at him. “Thank you.”
There’s something to be said about how solid their relationship is these days, Dean thinks as he hits the little red button on the screen, cause otherwise Sam might get real shitty about Dean hanging up on him like this.
“Where are you even going to put these?” Dean asks as they walk out of the store. “Do you have a place to store them?”
not to beat yourself up about it. Is he…” he resists the urge to grit his teeth, thinking Jack may take it as anger against him and not anger against the whole situation. “Is he here yet?”
“I wasn’t sure which of us was supposed to talk about it first. But neither of us are talking about it, so I guess one of us has to square up.”
“Surprised we ran into you, to be honest,” Dean says, supremely unconcerned as he watches the trees go by. “It’s a big heaven.”
“You don’t have to take her side just because she’s your-“ he feels himself wilt a little under her suddenly arched eyebrows. “Because she’s Charlie.”
“I felt you were owed certain considerations,” Castiel settles in, looking around.”You weren’t who you were when you met Sam and Dean. You were somebody else. You died for us.”
“It’s a nice collection of cookbooks,” Sam observes about the shelf over the kitchen sink that’s been gaining more books over the past few months as he walks into the living room.
I’m-“ he moves around the table and hugs Dean, who allows it, and then Cas, who brightly returns it. “Congratulations, guys. Long time coming, I guess.”
“Yes. You and Sam sat here on the bench while Sam heckled Dean.” Jack holds out a strawberry ice cream to Castiel. “I think you enjoyed yourself.”
“I believe he’s out for a drive. And that he’s enjoying it. There’s peace in Heaven now, Claire. He’ll be at peace for eternity.”
Then he settles into his chair at the table and pulls out his notebook, squinting a little. At some point he’s gonna need glasses. He’s not sure at what point he started getting old. He definitely never expected to.
Charlie gives him the same look Sam had given him when he’d picked Scrapper out last year and said the same thing, sitting on the ground with the puppy and lifting his paws like he was a boxer. “Maybe his business is being called Scraps.”
“Yeah,” Dean whispers back, wrapping his arms around him so tightly that one of them comes up to rest lightly against the back of his shoulder. “You’re welcome, Cas.”
People are crowded around tables, some of them he recognizes and some of them he doesn’t. Bobby is in deep conversation with Ellen. Jo raises a beer in hello. Charlie is avidly discussing something with Kevin.
“Sorry I was a dick,” he says, dropping the pizza box right in front of him, making him jump. “Here’s food.”
Dean takes one long, shaking breath before he heads out of Cas’s room and closes the door behind him. He changes in his own room into a Zeppelin shirt and sweatpants and then returns to the main hall.
“I called Dean while you were looking for things because I forgot my jacket at his house,” he tells Castiel cheerfully. “I like that look on you! You look-“ Jack waves a hand vaguely. “I dunno, like you’re more… at home… in your skin?”
This is the kind of peace he’d imagined sometimes back at the Bunker sometimes, he thinks. Sam happy and fulfilled. No one out to kill them. Dean sitting here with his kid, fishing on a clear sunny day. It’s the kind of peace that’s almost perfect, and will be perfect, once he figures it out.
But Dean tries to ignore that feeling. He takes Scrapper for walks, fixes a couple cars for the people in town, fishes, cleans the house, learns how to make potato and cheddar soup, and does his best to not think about it.
“Still nothing, sort of.” Dean prepares the steak. “I’ve got some ideas, but nothing concrete yet. You still got nothing?”
Jack walks off and Castiel begins to wander through the store. He would have vaguely expected everything to be something that would specifically cater to him, but perhaps that would be boring. He picks up a few pairs of jeans and a few pairs of regular black pants. Jack returns with an armful of graphic tee shirts and pushes him towards a fitting room. He discards some things without trying them on, tries some things on and immediately discards them. The outfit he settles on is a pair of jeans that fit him nicely,
Course he doesn’t freak out. Why would he freak out? Just cause he’d googled every flower Cas ever gave him and almost all of them equated to some lovey dovey touchy feely crap isn’t something to freak out over.
He looks out across the park. This day, it started raining, one of those thunderstorms that comes out of nowhere. They’d all run back to the overhang on the ice cream shop, Dean chanting “shit shit shit shit shit” as they went, everyone’s jackets pulled up over their heads. Even Castiel had done the same, unwilling to waste the energy on drying himself off once they reached a place with cover. Sam had told Dean to have the good sense to not shake himself like a dog once they reached the overhang. Dean had done so just to stick it to Sam and ruffled Jack’s hair, laughing when it stuck up all at ends.
from Dean and a delighted cackle from Sam. It had been a normal moment in the middle of their chaotic lives, something soft that he’s always kept close to his heart. “This wasn’t here before.”
When Castiel lets go of Dean’s shirt and opens his eyes, Dean is a surprising and somewhat endearing shade of pink.
Scrapper stares at him, his stick in his mouth. Dean grins and takes it, tossing it into the woods. Scrapper charges after it.
“I’m… not going to find out.” Castiel reaches over and takes a sip from Dean’s root beer. “So don’t tempt me.”
“I’m not. I’m-“ Castiel swallows. “I know why you’re saying this. And I’m so… proud of you. I’m so proud of you.” He’s ripped into pieces. He feels like he doesn’t even know how to put them back together again. But his son is trying so hard to be a good man, and he can’t fault him that. He remembers having the power that Jack does. He remembers the job he’d done with it, back when he had it.
Dean hesitantly raises himself up a little. Cas goes very still, but doesn’t move away. Slowly, Dean leans in.
Castiel thinks about apologizing once more, but he thinks it will probably devolve into him and Dean kicking each other again. Instead, he opts for truth. “I’m more okay now that we’re speaking again.”
After a little while he hears footsteps and he looks up to see Meg and Charlie approaching him. Charlie’s cheeks are wet and Meg’s face is motionless, which tells Castiel enough about what she’s feeling. They come walking up and stand next to him for a second before Charlie gives Meg a hand to help her ease into sitting on his right and Charlie sits on his left. Charlie scoots a little closer and rests her head against his shoulder.
The silence is warm, and comfortable, and Dean swears that if he strained, he could pick up the faint smell of roses.
Fishing is a silent activity for Jack and Dean. They’ve done this a couple times when Jack’s come over, and neither of them are especially loquacious for it. Instead they sit quietly and comfortably at the end of the dock.
Dean and Castiel lean forwards as one. Castiel’s eyes narrow. He doesn’t need to look at Dean to know that he’s got a very sharp look on his face. Charlie inches away from Meg just a little. Sam rolls his eyes and Jack looks amused.
Castiel swallows. All these little human tics he picked up on Earth to associate with emotions. The butterflies in his stomach. Ridiculous.
He’s tried on several outfits and something about them has always been off. He hasn’t been able to figure out what, but he’s looked in the mirror and known something wasn’t right. Perhaps this was a mistake. The previous outfit hadn’t felt right, either, but at least he knew why.
Dean seems calmer, even just looking at him. He’s sweeping his porch off, reading glasses perched on his nose, jeans and a black tee shirt with a red flannel thrown over it. There’s something in the way he holds himself that’s different, something a little looser. He doesn’t look quite so haggard anymore, so dragged down by the world. A Border Collie that must be Scrapper comes charging up with a stick and Dean grins. The force of it makes Castiel want to stagger.
“The difference is you went to the Empty and you didn’t come here. You’d earned your place here and couldn’t. And, well. I could do something about you.”
“No. I don’t have any interest in using god magic for this.” Jack stretches a little. “I hope you enjoy the fish.”
“They’ll like this change.” Jack pauses, lowering his ice cream. “Do you think it’s selfish of me to go and see my mother first?”
The winter had taught Dean that he should have wood pre-chopped for the days he didn’t feel like it. Garth had thought it was funny that it didn’t occur to him that he might have to chop wood constantly during the winter if he didn’t have any ready, but what does Garth know about wood stoves, anyway? He doesn’t actually mind chopping wood. Thinks it’s funny that this is the least lethal thing he’s ever done with an ax, or the longest he’s gone without doing anything more fatal with one.
“I’m different now. Still me,” he adds hastily, looking a little worried. “Just different. But still me.”
Castiel is building a city. He likes building cities. He had always felt a certain sense of wonder being in them, the ability to watch humanity at its finest, simply… being humanity. He carefully lays sidewalks, builds house, places fire hydrants just so.
Castiel delicately rests his fork and knife by his plate and looks across the restaurant at the other people, cheerfully enjoying their breakfast. “You can make us steak and eggs now, if you want.”
Bowling is a curious team sport, Castiel thinks, in that there is nothing either person can particularly do to help the other when it’s their turn. There’s no communal strategy, really, nothing other than trusting the other person to do their best.
Sam watches, still feeling somewhat bewildered, happiness for them somewhere rolling around in that haze, as the two head out of the room, linking hands as they turn towards the hallway.
Dean snorts and puts his phone down just as Cecily says something along the lines of “and, well, you
“Son of a bitch,” he mutters before he rolls out of bed to hit the bathroom and then make some waffles.
“You see me,” he says, voice clearer now. “I feel like… I’m seen, when I’m with you, more than anyone I’ve ever really met before. And it scared the shit out of me, you know? I didn’t think I wanted to be seen. And eventually I realized that I… liked being seen by you cause you’re… you. Cause, Cas, you’re always
“Not yet. Time is… fluid in Heaven. We’ll see each other again.” He keeps his voice firm. There’s no reason for Claire to know his doubts and anxieties on the subject of reuniting with Dean. Claire needs the image of a united front.
“You’re the one who told me I should talk to him again,” he hisses back. “I don’t know what you expected, we were always going to talk to each other.”
He turns an even deeper shade of pink and points at him. “You, you are-“ he shakes his head. “You are going to be a
“I have your stuff,” he says. “It’s, uh.” He wishes he had his own water. His throat feels a little dry. “It’s everything I could find, it’s, um.” He stands because he doesn’t know what else to do. “The rooms are that way, there’s mine, and there’s a guest room, and there’s, uh, there’s yours, you know, if you want to stay. You could, um.” He runs a hand through his hair. “You could… you could, if you wanted to.”
“It’s still pretty bad,” Sam adds in a whisper of his own before Castiel can raise some objections to referring to his and Dean’s very reasonable dialogue as flirting. “Sorry, Cas.”
He’s landed in a cornfield. He doesn’t know where he is but knows it can’t be anything other than Earth. He makes his way to his feet and just starts stumbling in front of him, hoping that the end of the field is nearby somewhere. Eventually he can see blue sky and a road poking around the edges of the corn and makes his way out, coming to a stop abruptly at the edge.
“I mean.” Dean drums his pen on the table. “Charlie’s kinda danced around it, Rowena’s asked a little about it, Bobby’s… flat out said it. But you haven’t said I’m crazy. Or that I’m gonna fail.”
sits next to the house, the same shade as the house except with white little doors covering the opening.
, wrapping around the house. He can see two chairs by the door to the house, as well as maybe a little end table between them.
Sam and Eileen look at each other. Dean waits to see what they have to say, knowing there’s nothing either of them could tell him that’ll change his mind.
“See, it’s tan, so it’s kinda like the color of your old coat, so when you look in the mirror you’ll see something familiar, and that’ll ground you a little more, and you like familiar, right? It’s why you wore the same stuff for so long. And it’s a little bit loose, cause you liked the freedom of movement with the trench coat, and I, I made sure the pockets are deeper than they even could be down on Earth cause you always like being able to shove tons of stuff in your pockets.”
“Sam and Eileen’s town is bigger and they’ve made friends. Dean lives all the way out here and he’s got his hunter friends but the people in town like him and he likes them. He spends some time with the mechanic and her friends sometimes.” Castiel can see in the distance a cabin approaching and something in his chest tightens. “He likes the quiet.” Jack looks over at him and sees the expression on his face. “Are you ready for this?”
He turns the car on. “Shut up.” Cas reaches the radio before he does and, a little reluctantly, Dean lets him. He’s been stuck in the Empty for a year. He’s allowed to pick the radio.
“I’ll have more recipes to show you when you get back,” Dean says instead, picking the spoon back up. “I think this bolognese might really work out. Can’t go wrong with a meat sauce.”
Castiel peers out through the windows of the skyscraper, looking down over the town for any irregularities. He could do this outside the skyscraper, of course, but he likes this. He even took the elevator up. He likes elevators. He thinks they’re cute.
“Make sure nothing touches his portion we’ve set aside for him. He’s got to make it himself. Put…” Dean had mentioned offhand once that he would have liked to set up shop one day, if things ever settled down, a communal spot. “Put the Roadhouse as his landing spot, Ellen and Jo wanted a break from running it after it being their heaven for so long, and send-“ Castiel thinks it over rapid-fire. It could be John, but he can’t be sure, and he
It’s been a busy day. Castiel’s accompanied Dean on trips to the butchers where he dithered over meats, gone with him to the grocery store as he dithered over the right potatoes for potato salad. He’s helped him pick out tablecloths for the long tables the food will go on, he’s put up a fence in the backyard because Dean insists that a fence is right for the barbecue. He’s helped and worked with Dean all day, thinking
There’s silence on Dean’s end long enough that Castiel worries he’s overstepped when there’s a sharp shot to his ankle. “
“That’s what people who have something that isn’t fine and something going on say. Dean’s gonna come bowl with me later, you know, you could stay for-“
He holds up his hands. “That’s it. That’s all I’ve got to say on it. I’ll be good now. Scout’s honor.”
“Awesome. Let’s go eat breakfast.” Dean raises his voice. “Hey! Who wants to come up here and play bartender for a little while?” Charlie, Garth, and Bobby all raise their hands. “Bobby, doing this means you’d have to make small talk with people for a little while.” Bobby’s hand goes down and Dean sighs. “I dunno, you two flip a coin.” He grabs his jacket from behind the bar. “Let’s roll.”
“I’m getting out there, man, trying new things, new experiences.” He looks up at Castiel over the menu. “And the amount of burgers that you ate during that whole thing with Famine pretty much permanently excludes you from talking shit about me and burgers.”
Jack smiles. “There’s someone you want to see. You can tear the wall down there. Let me know who it is you want and I’ll… say goodbye for now.”
“Not on purpose.” She rolls her eyes at the expression on Castiel’s face. “He comes by to see Charlie and sometimes I’m there.”
“This seems like…” Sam’s quiet, looking like he’s considering his words carefully. “The dumbest thing you could do.”
The thing is, Dean does water it, though. He’s still not singing to it- you’ve gotta draw the line somewhere- but he follows Cas’s schedule, cause, well, it was a
“Maybe I care about you or something.” She steals one of his fries but Castiel suspects that has more to do with proving a point than it does wanting one. “Fuck me, I guess.”
“Are the flowers on purpose?” Cas asks, and Dean knows what he’s asking. He takes a deep breath and swallows.
“It’s a nice day for it.” It’s a bit of a silly thing for Dean to say, truthfully. It’s always going to be a nice day for it, if that’s what Dean wants.
“Well,” Jack says, with a tone that suggests he is attempting a low key Queer Eye and not entirely sure how to go about it. “What do you like to wear? What makes you happy? Or feel good?”
So when Cas gives him violets, Dean doesn’t say anything except thank you, even though his stomach flips when he gives him the vase, even though something in his chest constricts every morning when he sees them.
“Yeah.” The road up to the house is long, just as he’d wanted it. The single story cabin made of wood with a long roof extending over a porch and propped up with wooden columns sits right next to the lake, a little dock extending out into the water. The cabin is surrounded by trees, nobody for miles. Dean remembers when Sam and Bobby helped him build the shed nearby to hold his fishing gear, lots of bitching back and forth about who was supposed to be holding what nails. Doesn’t look too bad, kinda surprisingly. “Me, too.”
their deals on band shirts. I used to come here to take Sammy when he needed new clothes when we were kids, when we had that kind of cash.”
same reason you’re being an idiot. So it’s not like he’s dodging you because he never wants to see you again. At this point he’s as worried about giving you space and not wanting to deal with it as you seem to be.”
“That this is very simple. And that you two just don’t want to deal with it. Because Sam told me about how when I was dead the two of you gave each other the silent treatment for a while cause you weren’t communicating properly and this is like that except now you like each other.”
“Oooh, they have soft pretzels.” Jack perks up as he and Sam come down the stairs into the alley. “I could go for a soft pretzel. I promise I will not use anything other than my already natural abilities on this game.”
The trip to bury the book in a remote corner of the country had changed things, softened them, slowly but surely, until after five days, Dean plucked up his courage.
“Oh, I, uh, had a couple spots. One was when Sam and Dean and I were in Moondor and it was just… nice, you know? I mean, scary. But the other was, uh. One time when I came to see Dean and Sam, Sam was out on a job and he didn’t get back until late, so it was just Dean and I and we… had a really nice day. We hung out in the Bunker, we made cookies, we, uh, we danced around to
“No,” he says. “That would suggest that the two of you are divorced. I did watch the movie with Charlie to try and get tips. Have you seen it? It’s very sad. These parents divvy up their children-“
marathon. Maybe he’ll go into the garage and work on the Impala while Castiel sits on the porch in one of the chairs and watches the storm come in. Tomorrow can be anything. The day after that and after that and after that will be anything, for the rest of days.
Cas sits at the dining room table, looking out the window while Dean gets him a glass of water. He gently puts it down next to him and sits in the chair next to him.
And okay, so, maybe the flowers are okay. Maybe Dean likes having gifts from Cas. Maybe he likes waking up and seeing them in the morning.
“…I believe you.” She walks over to the table and sits down. She looks small and alone and there is a part of Castiel that thinks he did this to her, that if he’d done more, she wouldn’t look like this. He walks over to one of the tables and tugs the tablecloth off before carefully wrapping it around her shoulders. She gives him that look she gets when he does his best to convey emotions with her, the one that seems a little amused, a little confused, maybe even a little fond. “Thanks.”
“I don’t know everything.” Castiel stands and offers Jack a hand to help him up. “But hopefully I know enough.”
you." Dean can hear him putting the vacuum away. It’s apparently the big cleaning day over at their place. “I think it’s nice.”
“The recipe called for making your own chicken stock,” Dean says, chopping carrots as he watches the bolognese tutorial. “But that seems a little advanced for where I’m at right now, you know? I mean, maybe not really, but I dunno, small steps. Storebought’ll be fine for now.” He accidentally cuts one of the pieces of carrot wrong. “Fuck.” He tosses one to Scrapper. “Your lucky day, bud.” He picks up his onion and squints at it. “Hey, at least the knife skills come in handy for something other than ganking demons, huh?” He gets to work on the onion. “So I worked my way through the second book, too. Not much there, either. I’m keeping notes, though. I know I can think of something with enough time. Everyone’s keeping their ear to the ground for me.” He dumps the onions and the carrots in the pan with the pancetta. “Hey, we cooked together that one time in the Bunker, you remember? I was making burgers and you wanted to learn how to cook so I, uh, I walked you through it, you’d just gotten out of the shower and you were in sweatpants and I said
Dean turns to Jack. “Jack, can you get me in the door?” Jack hesitates. “If the answer’s no, it’s no, buddy, I’ll figure something out.”
“Time moves differently here. But yes, I see your point.” Castiel cuts into his sausage. “I can’t be on a plane of existence different than Dean’s for too long.”
“You did find a nice little spot, Dean,” she says quietly as they come up on the lake. “I like it here.”
“Eileen’ll be along soon.” Castiel takes a bite of his hot dog and grimaces. Sam had wanted them and he thought he would try them but he never liked them very much on Earth and he doesn’t really like them now, either. “Time is different here.”
“That’s good.” Castiel leans a hand on the car as he lowers himself down just enough to see through the window. “Are you enjoying yourself?”
alright, I give, I give”. Castiel rests his chin on his hand, elbow on the table, and looks at the bustling restaurant, unable to keep himself from grinning.
Castiel eyes the Impala warily, a certain amount of foreboding that he is not necessarily familiar with associating with the car resting in his gut.
Castiel is out for a walk with Jack, musing as they wander through some mountains. Jack is experimenting with hiking, and mostly he does that with Sam but Castiel had offered today, needing some time to think.
“I’ve been kicking your ass at everything since we were kids, Sammy.” Dean lines up the roll. “I don’t know why you’d expect now to be any different.”
“Okay.” Sam picks up his book and goes back to reading it. Dean heads into the rest of the Bunker and hesitates outside Cas’s door before he opens it up.
“I wander.” Jack smiles. “I do a lot of work remaking Heaven. It should be a proper Heaven. The kind where you can go anywhere you want. But when I want a break, I wander. And I come to see Sam and Eileen and Dean.”
Castiel supposes he’s not surprised. Sam’s always been the most easygoing of the three of them when it comes to Jack. It’s good for him to have one reasonable parent. He still shoots a warning look to Meg, who just looks bored.
Dean’s hands had slipped around his waist in the kitchen, his fingers daintily playing at the waistband of his jeans and then slowly undoing the buckle to ease his hand inside. And Cas had melted back into him with his breath hitching in his throat and his legs buckling beneath him. And with Dean’s mouth around him, Castiel had felt whole.
“No,” Cas mumbled. But he did. He still heard their echo; their pain. He would never stop hearing them.
Castiel stood upright and frowned at him, confused. Dean sighed but inwardly smiled. He got up from the table and joined him at the stereo, pulling out his favourite cassette from the stacked pile next to it. Castiel eagerly watched him, immediately fascinated by whatever it was that had actually managed to perk Dean’s interest. Truthfully, Dean had been hesitant to commit to a conversation with him and grunted most of his responses without care. Though of course, he tended to feel guilty for it later on. This was the first time Dean had gone out of his way to speak to him, and most certainly the first time in a long while that he hadn’t done so grudgingly.
” He squeezes her shoulders. “Sam loves you just as Dean did. He may be accustomed to grief but he is still suffering. He wasn’t ready to speak to you yet but he wanted you to know. And soon he will be ready to speak to you again. He won’t just forget you.”
wrong. Sometimes life just pulls some crap, alright? Sometimes it just screws you.” Dean turns to him. “Wasn’t your fault. And I’m gonna get him back. So quit beating up on yourself, sit your ass down, and eat some pancakes.” He points at him with the spatula. “I don’t give two shits about thwacking God with a spatula, Jack.”
“Right,” he says, a little unsteadily. “So it’s loud. If Cas comes with me, it stops being loud. And Cas, you know, he’s got an in with the man upstairs now, he ain’t ever coming back.” Even if Dean has to shake it into Jack. He doesn’t think he’ll have to. But he’s ready. “So if you let him come back, he’s gone from you, forever. And it’s quiet again. Forever.”
They’re quiet now, and Castiel serenely soaks up the moment. A sunny day streaming through the window, the sound of people enjoying their breakfast, and Dean.
. Both? Weird. All sorts of weird. Can he keep a secret of not telling Cas he knows? He’s good at keeping secrets, right? Hell, he pretended to be emotionally stable for most of his life no problem, right?
“I… think he’d like it, anyway.” Dean had been so pleased when they’d found the Bunker that there was a place to put the car, and Castiel thinks it was probably what he’d envisioned a stable home to be like- somewhere where there was a place for your car. “Plenty of space in the garage for tools because even if she won’t need maintenance here it calms him down to do it. Probably a big backyard for people being over. I think… he’d like to have people over.”
“Heliotrope?” Dean demands after Cas tells him what the new one is, little purple flowers in a glass vase.
“I did.” Jack looks extremely satisfied, like he does whenever they come across a section of heaven he built. “I’ve been told teenagers like malls. Come on. There’s a Penney’s in here. It’s where we went when I was first getting my clothes.”
“You want something to eat?” Dean asks as he walks back towards the house, Jack standing on the porch with his hands linked behind his back. “Work up an appetite god-ing around?”
“It’s not your fault. But I know.” They release each other and Mary looks around. “So, tearing down the walls, huh?” She grins at his expression. “Jack stopped by before you did. He had some apologies of his own he wanted to make.”
For three weeks, Cas and Dean had hardly spoken, too uncomfortable, too awkward, until Jack had asked them for help, and if there was anything they could not ignore, it was their son coming to him when he needed them.
Rowena blinks at him, part of her red hair piled on top of her head in an elegant bun. the rest cascading over her shoulder, wearing a long sleeved and long skirt black dress. “Since when do you wear those?” she asks, gesturing at
“I was. In a manner of speaking. It’s complicated.” Hesitantly, he rests a hand against the back of her head, same as he might do for Jack. “I’m sorry.”
Castiel feels a surge of relief. He feels like he must have known. It’s hard to picture a world where he isn’t alive. “Good for him.”
got thoughts.” Castiel can’t take a step these days without someone asking him about when he’s going to talk to Dean. It’s one of the reasons he likes cities, at this point- plenty of people don’t know that he knows Dean.
“Yes,” Castiel finally allows to be pulled out of him. “I would like that very much. If Dean would like it.”
in his hands. It’s tan, with four pockets, two on each side of the jacket. “Give me the one you’re wearing now.”
“I know. There’s no part of this that’s fair. And don’t. Don’t blame Jack. Jack is… doing his best.”
Castiel shifts from foot to foot a little. “Thank you.” A thought occurs to him and he points at Dean. “You may only judge my shirts on how they look and not the music they represent.”
But maybe it doesn’t matter. They’re doing it now. They’ll be doing it the rest of their lives. They’ll be doing it after.
“No, it’s this movie, well, two movies, there’s the original and the remake, but it’s about these kids who were separated at birth by their parents and the kids spend the movie trying to invent reasons for their parents to spend time together so they get together and get married again. It’s actually a pretty fucked up movie for a kids movie if you ask me, but no monsters.”
Scrapper comes up and eyes Rowena warily. He never seems sure how to feel about Rowena, whether she smells like friend or smells like foe. She pulls a dog treat out of what might have been thin air and tosses it to him and, satisfied for now, he trots off back to his bed with it.
It caused more low level panic, however, after the two cheap gold rings had been purchased. He looked down at them in the little plastic baggy they’d given him at the pawnshop.
“I mean.” He blows all the air out of his cheeks. “No. And yeah. I was getting into the swing of things, you know? Got my dog, got a job at a mechanic’s. Was gonna… go straight. Everything was still hard and there was still, y’know.” He glances into the restaurant himself. “Was still shit I was processing. But light at the end of the tunnel, right? Just a goal or something. And then, y’know. It’s jarring.”
“Except it isn’t,” he counters immediately. “Because Jack is gonna pray to Cas for me every day if you do. And Jack’s gonna be around a
I’m so glad it was you. And I want to be doing this with you for as much forever as we get, so. It just… made sense, even though it kinda makes… no sense. I want to do all this with you anyway. The rings, they’re just… they’re just giving it a clearer name than it had before. And if you don’t want that, then it’s fine, because I’ll be here with or without them.”
“So Sam and Eileen have a dog?” Castiel asks eventually, feeling a little guilty he hasn’t asked after Sam earlier. He knows this. But he needs to ask something and he doesn’t know where to start.
Dean grins as they step off the porch. “I’m gonna have to do the initial call cause otherwise Sam’s gonna get a call from my phone and you’re gonna answer and it’s gonna freak him the fuck out.”
Castiel stands uncertainly against the back wall of the restaurant, not sure where he should really be standing, waiting for her to notice him from where she’s sitting at the table.
Castiel smiles and in a blink he’s leaning next to Dean on the porch, looking out at the lake across from his home with the little dock. Dean jumps.
Jack starts the car back up and starts driving. Castiel tries not to grab at the armrest on the door. As it is, he presses the flat of his hand very intensely against it.
“So you just convinced yourself that there was just, there was something you couldn’t have. And it never occurred to you to ask.”
Castiel isn’t sure that’s true but lets it go. “Sam and Dean have had their lives mapped out for them by Chuck. They feel like they were… rats in a maze. Like they never had any choices. So I can’t make any choices for them about what their heaven looks like. Jack and I know they don’t want to be in a city, so we won’t drop them in a city, but make sure they know they have the choice to go to one, if they want. Whatever they want.” The plot looks alright, just as he knew it would, but needed to check in on anyway. “They can go wherever they want, do whatever they want, build whatever they want.”
“It’s got its perks too. You know—you see a lot, meet some interesting people, save some lives and all that.”
There was no rewriting the past and no pretending it never happened. They had explored each other to the very core; traced each and every line of one another and encased the memory permanently in each and every corner of their minds. At least Castiel couldn’t go back to the way they were. He didn’t think it were possible. Whether Dean agreed was another matter entirely, and Cas wasn’t quite prepared to discuss it with him. They had decided to keep
Dean chuckled and took the apron from Castiel’s hands. He tossed it onto the counter and laced his arms around Cas’ waist, pulling him in closer.
Castiel leaned back in his seat and watched Dean as the next song played. It was much softer than he would have expected, having heard the vibrations of heavy instruments and shouted lyrics resounding from Dean’s car many times before. It intrigued him to see the hunter tapping the underside of the steering wheel in time to the words, his head nodding gently to the beat, but what captivated him most was Dean’s smile. His lips were quirked to the side in a crooked grin, his features softening into something almost serene. That alone suddenly made Cas decide that he did like the song, and that from now on he could call it his favourite if anyone were to ask.
“What?” Cas asked. He was so startled he almost dropped his towel. Tentatively, he reached up and touched his damp hair, wondering what was wrong with it.
“That’s fine,” Dean replied easily, already digging through his pockets for cash. “We’ll take it for three nights.”
“He’s dead,” Dean said. It sounded too final. And so very wrong. And he suddenly realised he hadn’t said it before. Where Sam had voiced the truth of it time and time again, Dean had held it in with bated breath. The words settled over them both, yet acceptance and release still evaded Dean—instead he felt more aggrieved. He shook his head, swallowing the words down as though he hadn’t said them at all.
Castiel leaned back in his seat and withdrew his fingers from the keyboard, hesitating to type another letter. His posture had become stiff and he stretched against an ache in his shoulders, forcing himself to retreat entirely from his task. He could let it wait just this minute, he reasoned, as the ticking clock in his head struck another hour closer to despair. Time wasn’t on his side, but neither was Dean and right now the latter was hurting him more. He hadn’t seen Dean in a few days. The halls had been missing the sound of his music and the smell of his cooking and even the heavy tread of his footfalls. Dean’s absence was a pervasive void and Cas felt it through and through. He yearned for him desperately.
For lunch the next day the two of them settled into a booth at a pub in the next town over, Dean looking at ease in a familiar environment while Cas had yet to really understand the appeal of uncomfortable chairs and music that played too loudly.
“You’re hurt,” Cas stated. He knelt down at Dean’s side and took his arm into his hands, manoeuvring him gently so he could get a better look at his collarbone. Dean’s eyes flew open and he looked at him, surprised. Cas pulled the material of Dean’s shirt down slightly and prodded carefully around the wound. From what he could tell, it wasn’t bad at all, but he knew humans were prone to infection and didn’t dare risk it. “How’d this happen?” he asked.
Dean rolled his eyes but didn't argue and stood to follow him. Cas led him to the bathroom and forced him to sit down on the edge of the bathtub before looking for a clean towel he could use. He had to duck out to the linen closet and took a short detour to find bandages before returning. Cas was pleased to see that Dean had stayed where he'd left him.
“Fifteen minutes,” Dean repeated and cautiously approached the cabin. Castiel wound up the window furiously and watched the hunter as he slipped in through the door. Then there was nothing.
These dangerous fascinations and his lust for a human life had strengthened over the years but had since ceased almost completely.
And in those three days, Dean talked more than he had in months. Benny actually appreciated the light banter; it helped make the time pass quicker and helped him see the hunter more clearly. He’d known for a while that there was a whole lot of good in Dean, more than there was bad, but he hadn’t realised just how free spirited he truly was. He had both the most immature and most mature sense of humour at the same time; laughing like an eight year old but usually at the dirtiest of jokes. And he was loyal. It was loyalty unlike anything Benny had ever encountered before.
Dean hated to think that Castiel was there purely because he had to be—because he had no other choice.
Dean had spent each night since praying for him to be alive, but each desperate word had apparently fallen onto deaf ears, because Cas had never returned to him.
“Aww shucks, Cas. You’re too kind.” Dean said brightly and playfully brushed Cas’ cheek with his knuckles. Watching him, Cas thought Dean had never looked more youthful.
“Dean?” Not a prayer at all this time. Sam’s voice echoed from the end of the hallway. “Cas?” And grew louder as he approached.
Castiel edged his way around the countertop, his fingers tracing the surface for stability, and put a flour-dusted hand atop Dean’s clean one. Dean didn’t retract his hand, nor did he tense up the way Cas fully expected him to. He gave Dean’s fingers a gentle squeeze, testing the limits of what Dean would or would not allow. At face value, it seemed a little inane given their history and what more they had done with each other. But Cas knew that permission and comfort could be revoked and that this caress of Dean’s hand was just as intimate as anything else.
“I don’t think you understand,” Castiel glared at him, “what Cas did was unforgivable. He doomed us all. You and the rest of humankind as well. Nephilim are to be destroyed before they’re born, and the angel responsible for its conception along with it. And anyone or anything that stands in the way. Cas should have been slaughtered for his betrayal—”
“Dean.” His name was like a prayer. “Please. I wouldn’t bring any of this up without a reason. If nothing could be changed then I wouldn’t think to burden you with it.”
“How many is that now?” Sam asked. Dean looked up again with a furrowed brow, confused. Sam tilted his head to gesture to the empty beer bottle.
to leave.” Dean’s accusation hit them both abruptly, leaving them both silent and still and stunned. And evidently they both wished it could be taken back. They both wished the words had never been uttered. But only one of them knew it wasn’t true, and Cas opened his mouth to say so but Dean stopped him. “I… I get it, okay? Life here isn’t… it isn’t exciting. And the bunker is, well, it isn’t
They laid amongst a bundle of blankets with torn strips of Saran wrap strewn around them and littered in knots at their arms and legs. The near empty bottle of hard liquor sat by Dean’s hip at a constant risk of being knocked over. Castiel’s tongue felt thick with it. His head spun with every movement, so he rested his head on Dean’s warm chest and listened to the slowly steadying beat of his heart. He traced Dean’s ribcage with his fingers, focusing on the heat of his skin and the gentle shift of his body as he breathed. Cas already felt the edges of sleep creeping in. His eyelids felt heavy and he forced back yawns with varying levels of success. He could quite easily fall asleep there, but he didn’t want to—not yet.
Cas stiffened when Dean’s shoulder brushed up against his and their thighs pressed flush together as they tried to both fit on the chair that wasn’t equipped to fit two fully grown men. Dean made himself comfortable though there wasn’t much room to share; leaning against the armrest on his right and wrapping his left arm around the back of the couch behind Castiel’s head. He could feel the material of Dean’s sleeve brushing against the back of his neck.
He quickly gathered everything and went back outside, quickening his pace when Dean looked up at him. Cas silently vowed to hold his tongue and hoped that, with time, Dean would open up to the idea of discussing what had happened. For now, he had to practice patience, and he knew that wouldn’t be easy. Not when the evidence was right there on Dean’s skin—serving as a constant reminder and making him long for more.
“Do you ever think how much time people spend worrying about putting names and faces together? Does any of it really matter?” Cas asked, sitting up with his back against the headboard.
Dean sighed heavily and ran a hand roughly through his own hair, obviously debating with himself whether he ought to persist or not. Instinct seemed to be telling him to press Cas further, but his fear of upsetting Cas told him not to. When Cas kissed along Dean’s jawline and pressed a leg between his thighs, the decision had been made. Dean turned them around so Castiel’s back was pressed against the wet shower wall and he took to kissing down his body. Cas leaned his head back and his eyes fluttered shut. He focused on the feeling of Dean’s lips on his skin and the hot water that licked at his side. Dean’s hand slid down Cas’ thigh to the back of his knee and he hooked his leg up. Castiel thrust against his body.
“Hey, that’s not true. I watch stuff with substance,” Dean argued. It didn’t fail Castiel’s attention that Dean’s arms crossed at the mention of Sam. Finally, Cas’ shoulders could relax now that Dean didn’t have his hand almost brushing against his left shoulder.
Dean’s fingers brushed through his hair and slipped down to his shoulders, pulling him in nearer. Castiel’s hands sought whatever part of Dean he could touch as he finally began to lose every shred of self-control he had. He clasped at Dean’s biceps and clawed hungrily at his back, soon tracing down his chest and holding his hips before repeating the process over again. He was far more manic now than the hunter; almost stunned by the sensation of touch and compelled by the warmth of another person, and he took Dean’s bottom lip between his with far more reckless abandon.
When Castiel eventually awoke on his own accord, he’d usually find Dean slumped on the chair in front of the television with the volume down low; his eyes glazed in an inconceivable boredom. Cas recognised the impatient foot tapping and the restless motion of his hand brushing back and forth through his hair. And Cas would remain still for a few more moments with one eye open watching him. He found it almost picturesque—the sight of Dean in a state of domesticity, with the hotel backdrop acting as a substitute for the white picket fence life Cas believed Dean truly deserved.
“Oh, you aren’t driving,” Dean replied quickly and placed his hand protectively over a lump in the pocket of his jeans.
It was just putting the most horrendous pressure on his stomach and he almost wished he could eat just to have something to throw up. But then the idea of food had him spitting the excess saliva again, the kind that slicked his mouth in preparation to retch. The taste of that alone made it almost possible, despite the absence of stomach contents.
He eased the car forward alongside the gas pump and got out to fill up the tank. Misty rain dusted his skin and settled on his hair, making him shiver and desire the comfort of Dean’s warm bed. The rain had come and washed away the sludgy snow from the road, but the air was still crisp and it bit through his coat. Cas tried his best to ignore it and focused his attention on the task at hand. It did no good to dwell on what he couldn’t have; a warm bed and a roof over his head. He had no right to take the unfortunate weather as an omen—he knew exactly what it meant when he left.
As they went, Cas was starting to recognise that he did in fact have his own preferences when it came to music; liking the softer songs that occasionally appeared between Dean’s more fast paced rock. It honestly excited him to have something he could call his own, and now he had a descriptor for what he liked. Hearing everything through human ears gave him a sense of splendour that he couldn’t find before. Maybe this was all part of what Dean called the ‘human experience’.
“Didn’t know what else to do except call for reinforcements and make what I hoped was a lucky guess. Stopped at every gas station along the way hoping someone had seen you. All the good that did. They’d seen too many faces to remember. I left each joint feeling like it very well could have been the one and I would never know.”
Somehow the sensation that Cas sometimes felt below the belt had a way of finding him even at the worst of times—even now as Dean’s infuriation intensified.
“Nothing,” Dean dismissed. He again shifted and scratched absently at his chin, averting his eyes from Castiel’s as the ex-angel looked him up and down in case there were any injuries he had missed.
“Again, anatomically, some may have male genitals but no human vessel is just one big—” Castiel started seriously.
“Wait here,” Sam instructed and retrieved the demon blade from his belt. He hesitated only briefly before stepping through the portal, the edges glowing brightly for the seconds it took for him to travel between worlds.
“I don’t know how long. Just a few more days, maybe a week… a week and a half, tops,” Dean murmured. “Just turn them inside out and get an extra day’s wear out of them. Or go to a laundromat like a normal person.” A long pause. “Why didn’t you just stay at Jody’s?” Another pause. “Okay, okay, I get it. You’re too considerate. But surely she understands… well, maybe not. How are you meant to explain a depressed ex-angel, even to someone like Jody?”
“Cas,” Castiel near spat, and then looked immensely guilty for it. “Cas,” he repeated, more gently this time, all the venom removed from his voice.
“Well, he won’t like it,” Dean sniffed stubbornly. He glared at his laptop, urging the words to come back into focus, but it was no use.
Dean was remembering it all over again in perfect clarity. The way Castiel’s hand slipped out of reach; the way he fell further downhill, defeated. Purgatory had drained the angel, weakened him beyond repair.
“Bullshit,” Dean rejected the notion immediately. He knew Castiel when he saw him—albeit a little different to how he remembered him last. This was Cas, and there was nothing that could, or would, indicate otherwise. It didn’t matter how the angel now carried himself much the same way a proficient and unwavering soldier would—the way he had all those years ago upon their first meeting. It didn’t matter that there wasn’t any sign to suggest that Cas even recognised them. There came no acknowledgement other than disdain, or perhaps, worse still, complete disinclination—as though killing them would be as trivial as swatting a fly. No matter what he saw at the forefront, Dean knew that Castiel was there somewhere deep within; even if the angel didn’t know it yet.
Cas had felt Dean tossing and turning throughout the night, huffing and muttering under his breath restlessly. And with each movement, Cas had flinched and recoiled, his drunken mind swirling with guilt and confusion. Dean had been angry. So angry as not to cuddle him for the first time. And Cas had woken to find himself cold and without blankets, Dean curled up snuggled in all the covers as far on his side of the best as he could be without falling off the edge.
“The storm should pass in a few hours,” Cas said, trying to sound hopeful for Dean’s sake. If Dean hated him then perhaps Cas would find it easier to watch him go. At least then he could find comfort in knowing that Dean didn’t want him anymore. That all that begging for him to stay was a thing of the past; a hollow sentiment that no longer applied. Then at least Cas could remind himself that he couldn’t go back to the bunker when he was no longer welcome there.
“I wouldn’t call it an interruption,” Dean reassured him. Castiel reached out to touch the car, presumably to clean it in an instant. Dean quickly took his hand and stopped him. “I’d rather do it manually if that’s okay?”
Castiel sighed and tried to stretch, but the restraints kept him securely in place. Dean made no move to assist him. “Sam tries too hard to appeal to my better nature. He insists we’re friends—” The angel wrinkled his nose and his lip curled.
“I uh, well, yeah? I think so?” Dean seemed uncertain; as if he too was dumbstruck as to why the simple question held so much weight. They both pondered the thought that maybe the weight was there purely because they had put it there. “I just… I don’t want you to think that going back home changes anything.”
The first time Dean distinctly remembers wanting to kiss Castiel, was when he found him by the edge of the stream in Purgatory. Long before that, there had always been some kind of magnetism between them. The times they locked eyes for too long, the deep blue exploring the bright green. The times Dean found Cas standing a little too close—gradually Dean started to sense him before actually seeing him; he could feel the shift in the air, the subtle rise in temperature like another body radiating warmth.
Dean wanted Cas to understand that they had both made mistakes, had both done things that got them here, and Cas didn’t have to punish himself for it. He didn’t have to die to make up for all that he had done. Dean wanted to embrace him and make him swear that he would never again sacrifice himself for the sake of Heaven or for Dean, because no amount of bad could ever outdo the good, and nothing could stop Dean from wanting Castiel.
“It was more the thought of, uh.” Cas coughed and tried again. “The thought of you… jerking off to the porn.”
Only now, Dean wished he had stayed awake a little bit longer. He wished he had spent more time watching him and really focusing on the details that had since become lost to him. There were holes in his memory that he could never get back.
“It wouldn’t be your fault. It’s just the way it is, you know? You still think of them as family,” Dean scooted closer to Castiel and held onto his wrists, trying frantically to explain in a way that would hurt him the least. What Dean didn’t seem to grasp was the fact that Cas already felt the edges of himself dying a little. Broken at the thought that Dean could ever believe Castiel was capable of abandoning him now.
“I feel I kept you away from home for far too long. It wasn’t right nor fair and I’m sorry,” Cas said. He knew the apology was long overdue. Despite all his guilt around Sam’s longstanding unofficial banishment, Castiel had never tried to bring him home to the bunker.
“I’m telling you that I’ve lost hundreds more of my brothers and sisters since you trapped Lucifer in my world. I’m telling you that you’re the reason why we’re starting to lose the war. I’m telling you that what you did has devastated us, and all you care about is your mother.” Castiel fought against his chains, the cuffs cutting into the skin of his vessel but healing just as swiftly as it bled. His eyes were manic, his pupils large and pointed—burning into Dean.
There were so many things Cas wanted to ask and painful things he thought he ought to admit. But instead, he said; “If I gave you a list, could you get a few things for me?”
Castiel blinked dazedly and riskily eased himself off the hood of the Impala. He swayed on his feet for a moment before steadying himself with a hand against the metal. He spat again, his whole mouth now slicked with the metallic tang of his own blood. He tested the wound in his cheek with his tongue and winced. The voices were gone. The ear-splitting, shrill siren had disappeared, but his ears were still ringing. His stomach turned. His pulse slowed. He couldn’t feel the world beneath him; not yet.
“I don’t think he even left his jacket at my house, dude, I don’t think I saw it until he called me asking about it.” He folds his arms. “You think this is the kinda something we gotta worry about it?”
“What Sam means to say,” Cas cuts in, taking a step forwards. “Is that we will miss you on our hunt and hope your ankle feels better soon.”
“Wandering around the magnitude and majesty of creation.” Jack sits on a stool. “Beholding the wonder of the world.”
“But it works out pretty well for you.” Castiel squints but she keeps going anyway. “Are you gonna bring it up to him again when you see him?”
Dean grins, looking back at the sky. “You waited to tell me you loved me until you never had to deal with the repercussions, man, you don’t get to give me shit about avoiding anything
“I’m thinking about expanding the amount of pies I make,” Dean tells Scrapper while he’s sweeping the porch. He’s taken a break from writing out recipes on index cards for the new recipe books. “I mean, apple, pumpkin, cherry, I got those
Castiel orders blueberry pancakes, an omelet, and home fries. Jack orders chocolate chip pancakes and sips at his lemonade.
He looks up to see a triumphant Dean, grinning and looking entirely too pleased on his part. “Did you just kick me?”
The position he’s in is currently pretty untenable as far as his body goes. “Alright, Cas, you gotta help me up here, this hurts and it sucks.”
is something. Castiel worries about how much Dean feels the need to self-isolate after something traumatic, how prone he is to pushing people away. If he’s reaching out to Charlie, that’s good news.
generous), he takes Dean’s hand. Dean grins a little out the windshield, wondering if there’s anything he can catch Cas up to date on that he doesn’t already know.
“Do, uh.” He held out the bag to Cas, who took them with a vaguely baffled expression. “Do you want to wear these?”
“You should come down for the day at some point.” Dean whisks the batter. Cinnamon and nutmeg are the secret. “There’s a carnival that comes through in September every year here. Lots of fried dough, carny games, whole nine yards. We can go out. Make a day of it. Sam and Eileen can come down.”
It’s just grass, which is exactly how it should be. But he maintains it. Keeps coming back to make sure. He checks on Sam’s once a day, but he checks this one several times a day, just to be sure.
Shortly after, Dean hears gentle footsteps padding up towards the table. They’re not as heavy as Sam’s, and they’re muffled slightly, like they’re wearing Cas’s favorite fuzzy socks. The chair next to him is pulled out and they sit together in the quiet.
The rest of the day progresses pretty normally. He just swings by the butcher’s and picks up a little extra steak. Mows the lawn. Erases one key little bit of the demon wards he keeps up. Cleans the windows because he’s having a hard time seeing the birds. Once he comes up on the evening, he pulls up his cookbook and reads the recipe over a couple times.
“Meg says there’s no real work left to do and you’re just doing it because this whole concept stresses you out.”
“You have been around longer than I have.” The leaves start shifting back to green, a brighter shade than they previously were. “But Meg has also been around for a while and she says you’re both emotionally constipated.”
“I want to.” Cas gives him a smile so soft Dean wants to avert his eyes a little bit. “Thank you, though.”
“You don’t have to ask him to-“ Castiel says at the same time Dean goes “whoa, I don’t want to take away from your time with-“
Meg stares at him, then calmly swaps their plates out and starts eating all his fries, eyes never leaving his.
“Yes, well.” Castiel grins at him. “If I knew self-sacrifice was the sort of thing you made a habit of, perhaps it would have been a different moment.”
They’re both quiet again, Castiel struggling to decide if he should say something, until Dean looks at him, his face much calmer than he would have expected, and points his bottle at him.
“It won’t be long,” he says. “Just a few weeks, and then I think I’ll have the ropes enough. Tell me what I need to do.”
Jack and Cas walk towards the cabin, Cas dressed just like he ever is. When Cas sees him, he falters.
“I’ve just started walking and looking for restaurants.” Dean’s got his hands shoved in the pockets of his favorite jacket. He doesn’t wear his big leather jacket anymore, even up here. The relationship with his father, Castiel knows, is still thorny and complicated, and he thinks that wearing something of his father’s is probably too much to deal with. His favorite jacket is a good look on him, however, so Castiel certainly isn’t complaining. “Checking out places that are uh, brunchy, you know? I like breakfast, I like lunch, I figure it’s a winning combination.”
Jack’s not alone. His stomach lurches as he grabs at one of the columns on the porch holding the roof up.
He rests the bag on the floor when he sees that the comforter isn’t pulled up all the way. He gently tugs it up so it’s resting comfortably over Cas. “Don’t want you to get cold,” he mumbles before he carefully lifts his purchase out of the bag.
” he says, jumping, looking to see that Scrapper’s just thwacked him with the stick. Scrapper drops it and looks at him expectantly. “Dude.”
Charlie curses as she makes a mistake. It’s something Castiel truly admires about humanity: many of them get to paradise and insist on getting some things wrong sometimes because otherwise it’s not fun anymore.
, but it wasn’t, right? It wasn’t always gonna be us, Chuck said as much, so that makes it… better, doesn’t it? It makes it better cause we did it ourselves. Even when we didn’t know we were working at it together, we were working at it together. And I’m so glad it was you. Of
“I like the stools.” Rowena’s stool grows a long and elegant back that she settles into comfortably. Dean narrows his eyes. “You’d better change that back when you go.”
Cas’s eyes crinkle a little at the corners when he smiles, something that distracts Dean to no end. “Yes. Very.”
Slowly, Claire stands. She brings her chair around right next to Castiel’s and leans into him, resting her head on his shoulder. He wraps his arm around her shoulders.
He grins, unable to tamp down the happiness he feels on seeing her. It’s been quite some time. “Meg.”
“Somewhat.” It hadn’t been nearly as enjoyable doing it on his own when he’d been away from the Bunker, but perhaps that had been because it was an activity he didn’t enjoy doing on his own as much as he had with Dean.
Didn’t you notice that when you two met he wanted to fuck every girl he met and that went away after he knew you for a couple years?”
Sam and Eileen exchange a look that they probably think Dean can’t see but follow him in, both of them sitting on the couch.
“Yeah, me, too.” Dean looks around, satisfied. “Nice little setup.” He leans against the back wall, arms folded. “Jack says you’ve been keeping an eye on where the walls are.”
“Um. I mean, I can’t read your mind, Cas, but-“ Cas gave him a very particular look. “Yes. Yes, those are… what you think they are.”
Dean shrugs. “I fix cars for people in town sometimes. But I think I might just… I dunno.” He looks back. “I kinda like being retired. I mean, we’ve got the money from Charlie to just kinda… do whatever we want for the rest of our lives, right? So I might just… do whatever I want for the rest of my life.” He’s gonna keep learning how to cook. He thinks he might like to learn how to do something with woodworking. He figures he’s just gonna… find new things he wants to learn how to do until he dies. He’ll help Cas with whatever he wants to learn how to do, too, unless he wants to do that stuff by himself.
“So being on the same plane of existence is what you need but so long as you never ever speak to him-“
“I know.” He resists the urge to fidget in his lap. “It doesn’t piss me off, either. You just liked the lead-in.”
of reading on the Empty. It wants quiet. It wants peace. Cas is probably not giving it any peace cause. Well. It’s Cas. So it might just want to boot him. And I can make my case.”
He’s sculpting a library today. He likes libraries. Humanity craves knowledge so badly that they build monuments to hold them. Sometimes he and Jack do this together, Castiel musing on the things he likes about people and Jack adding input or asking questions, but today it’s just him. The stone works up easy, and he sets to work on the stained glass windows he thought would be nice for it. First he will construct them from the outside, and then he will look at them from the inside to see if they’re just right.
Charlie gives him a small smile that tells Dean she knows what he’s going to be doing, and she walks up to him to stand on her tiptoes and give him a kiss on the cheek. “Sleep well.”
They still haven’t talked about it. It still aches in Castiel’s chest, that they haven’t discussed what’s been said, that he doesn’t well and truly know how Dean feels. But he could do this the rest of eternity, he thinks, even around not having talked about it. Just himself, his family, and Dean.
After what isn’t really long enough but feels like the right amount of time, Castiel pulls back, trying to pretend his eyes aren’t wet.
“Cas?” Dean sounds just as thrown as him. Castiel emerges from the fitting room to stare at Dean, who’s handing a jacket to Jack, who doesn’t look at all surprised.
“I’m keeping your Grace. That’s mine now. You know, I think I’ve earned it.” It raises its hand. “Goodbye, Clarence. And it had better be forever. I was promised.”
Dean stops at a sizable place that may be nicer than any of the eateries they’ve stopped at previously. Castiel wants to rib Dean somewhat over the fact that this may be the first time he’s seen a cloth napkin, but he lets it go at how pleased Dean looks.
His knees buckle out from under him and his knees hit the dirt. Cas is jogging now and he skids along his knees to meet Dean on the ground. They collide with each other, chests bumping into each other as they hug tightly. He feels Cas bury his face in his shoulder and, a little dazedly, he puts a hand on the back of Cas’s head.
“I know.” Sam settles back into his chair. “Dean, if it was Eileen, I’d take as long as I needed to try. And it’s not like. Y’know, it’s not the only thing that you’re doing. You’re learning how to cook. You’re fishing. You’ve got this whole… thing with the bird feeder.”
Cas’s smile softens and they could have been doing this for years, Dean thinks. If either of them had pulled their heads out of their asses, they could have been doing this for years.
He narrows his eyes even further. “Anybody else you ask for input about my relation-“ he catches himself. “About me and Dean?”
“Need ‘em to see,” he answers, which is a pretty dumb response, but he’s gonna cut himself a little slack on this one.
Dean scowls at the ankle he’d twisted last week, resting on a pillow on his desk. “It’s really not that-“
One day, at some point (time is so hard to tell here), Dean tells him all he would have had to do is ask, and if he had a heart he would feel it in his throat, and if he had a body he would use it to crawl to the Empty that is wearing his friend’s face and he would beg to be allowed home.
It is easy, to sink into the blackness of the Empty. A flat misery, submerged in an exhaustion and despair that makes it almost logical to fall into, to become one with.
It’s a small vase, the six red roses within crammed into it a little bit. The bag’s a little wet cause the water kinda sloshed around, but not too bad, there’s still plenty in the vase. He gently sets it on the nightstand Cas has next to his bed and pushes them in just far enough that they won’t fall off the nightstand and just close enough that Cas could probably touch them, if he wanted to.
Cas smiles and reaches out to scratch the top of Scrapper’s head. Scrapper happily noses at his hand. “Hello, Scrapper.”
“Are these poisonous?” He shakes them at her. “I’m gonna remind you that if you kill me that’s gonna put a real damper on brunch dates or whatever it is you do with Sammy.”
“She’s pretty great.” Charlie accepts the beer Dean hands her as he sits next to her, spilling a little duck sauce on her plate next to her teriyaki beef. “I like her a lot. We’re gonna move in together.”
about it, all of it, that I won’t do it and that I want to do it-“ He’s crying harder now. “I can’t save the people I love because it’ll make me into a monster and if I can’t use this power then what’s even the point of
“Sam is texting Eileen every single chance he gets,” he says. “Dean has been extensively texting with Charlie and is surreptitiously browsing positions for a mechanic. They’re not okay. But they’re coping better than they were a week ago.”
“Right, eventually, but.” He stares very hard at the wall. “Maybe, uh. Maybe one of us isn’t so good at… talking about feelings. And they need a little while to work up to it. So they need to take… small steps before they go around… verbally admitting to something.”
“I don’t mind the exception every now and then.” Jack swirls his piece of pancake in his whipped cream and syrup. “I like that you’re not really drinking anymore, though.”
. But I like a good key lime pie, you know. Or a lemon meringue. I think I could handle a lemon meringue now.”
Sam glances up from where he’s taking notes. It’s got to be approaching midnight now, but Sam doesn’t seem particularly tired. “What?”
“I liked the Grand Canyon.” Jack accepts the glass of water that Dean slides his way. “And there is something about the simple grandeur of Antarctica.”
Dean shrugs. “Never know.” He pulls the steak off the pan and leaves it to rest, standing across from Rowena with his water, leaning against the breakfast bar. “I saw him a couple weeks ago. Seems like he’s doing well.”
“I don’t have to for me to know they’re flustered.” She punches him in the arm. “But today it’s cause I want tacos. You’re not paying me to wander through heaven, so you’re buying.”
“I’m a vexing lady.” She takes a bite out of her fry. “You know, if you stayed here, you wouldn’t have to deal with it for another like forty years.”
“Back. And I’m gonna get you back. But… dammit, Cas.” He leans forwards like he’s actually arguing with him, talking to him in person. “You couldn’t have
“Then you don’t.” Then Dean figures out how to jailbreak him. He never stops trying. He goes until he’s dead. “Look.” He turns around slowly, arms held up at his sides. “No weapons.”
It’s a dizzying experience. He attempts to piece things together. He remembers Dean’s face being the last thing he saw, even if it was heartbroken and alone. He remembers the sensation of the Empty swallowing him up. And then…
“Don’t worry. I’m not gonna get reckless when I’m hunting.” She rolls her eyes at the look Castiel shoots her. “I am less likely to be reckless now than I was before.”
“Hang on.” Dean looks up as he stands in the middle of the room. “Jack! I know you can hear me! Family meeting!”
“It’s not rocket science to figure out that Labs aren’t that smart, Dean.” He slaps him on the back before he pulls back. “But it’s good to see you, too, Dean.”
Castiel takes a long breath and looks at the tree in the little park, the one his son built because of the one good day they had here.
“I’m trying a… hands-off approach. I’m restoring things to how they should have been and then I’m stepping back.”
“Went alright.” Dean dumps his duffle bag on a chair. “Cas and I got married. Taught him how to change a tire.”
So Dean stops asking what’s going on with them, except to ask what kind of flowers they are. They flow in through his room, red camellias and red and yellow tulips and short little sunflowers. He keeps watering his ferns and he throws out the dead flowers and puts new ones in their place.
“Nope.” Dean takes a couple steps forwards and leans his hands on the bar. “I don’t blame you, Cas.”
vibes from her but that’s fine, if she just wants to wander around heaven and pop in sometimes I can roll with that.”
“Pain in the ass. Alright, fine, but I’m still taking that as a win on my part.” Dean pushes the glass to the side. “Should have made us more steak and eggs down at the bunker.”
“I’m not staying.” Castiel takes a fork and pulls his French toast with sausage towards him. “I’m returning to Earth as soon as I’ve finished here. Shortly, I hope.”
“I have a suggestion for someone who could be helpful, even if they can’t do the rebuilding.” Castiel stands back. “Would you like me to help you?”
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice is quiet and soft in a way that makes Castiel determinedly stare at the restaurant for longer than is probably necessary. “Guess so.”
“Right. Back to Dean.” Charlie dips a French fry from the plate of them that’s suddenly appeared into her milkshake. “End of the world do anything to get one of you to talk about it?”
“Cas, if it was the other way around, I’d be in the Impala halfway back by now.” He tilts his head back against the wall, unable to stop staring at the gentle white and yellow of the daffodils against his wall. “I’ll make sure to text you a couple times today, let you know I haven’t fallen and can’t get up.”
“I made the choice. You asked and I made the decision.” Castiel takes a breath. “I could have said no. And I didn’t.”
“I bet he’s good at fetch.” Jack almost absentmindedly snaps his fingers as Dean raises the Coke to his lips and he’s about to ask him what’s up with that when the beverage passes his lips and he groans, putting the bottle back down.
It’s so easy. This conversation, the implications, it’s so much easier than Castiel would have expected, and even if Dean’s so calm he knows it’s the same feeling for him, too, the quiet relief. “That’s not why I did it, you know.”
Sam’s Labrador Retriever, the second he jumps out of Sam and Eileen’s car, is extremely enthusiastic.
One morning Dean wakes up and there’s these weird purple flowers sitting on the little table he uses to throw his shit on.
There’s a soft whooshing sound and Jack walks out from the hallway to where the bedrooms go, sitting in the armchair to Eileen’s right. She absently gives him a pat on the shoulder, eyes still on Dean.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Just let me get to my point?” There’s no rancor in Dean’s voice, not even a hint that he’s really pissed about any of this. Which Castiel knew, anyway. Dean’s easy to read. He clamps his mouth shut and waits, but tries to adopt a look on his face that suggests Dean is not allowed to give him shit for something
Dean didn’t trust him at first, not by any means, but eventually trust didn’t seem all that important anymore. He needed to rest, and Benny provided a set of eyes to keep watch so Dean could finally close his. The first time Dean woke up after a brief hour and a half of slumber and realised he was still miraculously alive, he decided this was an arrangement he could get on board with. The vampire would sit solemnly for an hour or two every couple of nights whilst Dean slept, guarding the vessel that would get him through the portal to the other side. It was a system that worked best for the both of them; the rest keeping Dean sharp and ready to fight.
Dean groaned into the kiss, humming into his mouth when Castiel hit the same spot again and again. Neither of them could believe it. The intense craving for more when they already had so much of each other. Even still, it didn’t feel like enough. Castiel wanted to feel and taste Dean all at once, as he quickly lost the very last shred of control he had.
“Erm, I suppose?” Castiel said doubtfully, “angels once had their own Enochian war chants. I don’t suppose that counts?”
to make. You don’t deserve to die for that. So I’m not going to let some asshole angel shank you out of some misdirected vendetta.”
“They don’t, Cas,” Dean responded as he wiped the remainder of the shaving cream from his face using a towel.
Dean peered at him. Castiel furrowed his brow and puckered his lips. He, too, was wringing his hands together in front of him. With Dean’s eyes panning up and down his body, Castiel shifted his weight from one foot to the other and his eyes bore into Dean—the stunning blue piercing right through the hunter and capturing him in place.
“But.” Cas granted with a shaky exhale. “But I’m not able to serve it. Not fully. Because I don’t… I don’t feel full, Dean. I’m not whole. I’m more a part of this body than ever; I no longer share an adopted blood or muscle or bone. I age in this body now. These scars on my skin are solely mine to repair and it shouldn’t terrify me as much as it does that, I can’t make them fade. This isn’t a vessel that contains me anymore, it’s just me and mine. And yet I feel otherwise…”
Cas didn’t answer at first. He had been chewing on the words for so long that the tough rind had worn down his teeth and thickened his tongue. There was plenty to say—altogether too much—and it was so exhausting to hold on and yet so impossible to let go. As his silence grew heavier and meaner, he recognised Dean’s growing fear and watched as it collapsed into stoicism. Dean was an impenetrable wall; it was the battlement of bricks he built only when faced with a conflict he least wanted to be part of. He didn’t want to fight. Perhaps he couldn’t. And Cas didn’t want him to waste away waiting for a war neither of them wished to wage. His own bricks had no place here; he took them down one by one.
Castiel shifted back along the bed so his face hovered precariously close to Dean’s cock and then proceeded to kiss Dean’s inner thighs; paying extra attention there as the hunter had become so fond of teasingly touching Castiel there himself. Dean groaned out Castiel’s name with obvious displeasure as the former angel was touching everywhere except his erection. Cas held Dean’s hips tightly and traced over the bones with his thumbs. Dean’s fingers tangled into Castiel’s hair.
Dean grinned slyly and nudged Cas up into a sitting position. He sat up too and cradled Cas on his lap, slowly moving his hand up and down his back, purposely dipping into his waistband every now and then to keep him in suspense.
Castiel would fade into the abyss, solitary and lost. Whatever grasp that took his life would linger over him with menace and loathing. It wouldn’t be sweet company.
Dean scoffed and kicked the ground again; a little more forcefully this time. He had heard the speeches one too many times. There was always something: his drinking, his aggression on hunts, or the constant refusal to communicate. He’d heard it all time and time again.
He couldn’t watch as he pulled the blade from Castiel’s body, but he saw the blood coating the metal as he gripped the handle tightly in his hand. The sight of it made everything real, somehow, and his own life no longer seemed to matter anymore.
“I know who you are, Sophia. Our brothers and sisters only ever spoke highly of you… they said you were a good soldier. They said you were kind.”
Dean stood again and took to pacing slowly, his arms still crossed. “We’re trying to get you home. And we want to save our mother—”
Castiel had returned the tapes without being seen. Were Dean to come in now, he could easily claim innocence and say he was simply retrieving the tapes for the first time. With the lie premeditated, Cas thought he may very well present it convincingly. It was a pure answer that would leave very little room for doubt. Dean was sure to dismiss it immediately and carry on without pause. Cas smiled to himself and turned to leave. There, on the floor with the corner just peeking out from under the bed, was the magazine. It was open to a random page, most likely having fallen that way when he had been in the throes of ecstasy. His heart sank to the pit of his stomach. Cas bent down and picked the magazine up and tried to straighten out the bent pages before tucking it back under Dean’s mattress where he had found it.
Dean’s hand slipped from Castiel’s wrist but just barely grasped onto his fingers. He eagerly bounced up and down on the spot and turned to Castiel with pleading eyes, purposely pouting his lips in the most pathetic way possible.
“I don’t mind,” Dean allowed, “I don’t think he would mind either.” Dean cleared his throat again and sat up, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and his chin rested in the palm of his hand.
Cas nodded approvingly. He rinsed the towel under the tap and tended to Dean’s injury with care, ignoring Dean’s illegible mumblings all the while. Once it was clean, he could see for sure that it was nothing to worry about, but he was still careful to bandage it nonetheless.
Dean gazed down at Cas with what seemed to be longing, watching Cas as he slowly pulled his jeans down his legs. Cas trailed his lips down Dean’s thigh as he went before sitting up again and nipping at Dean’s hipbone with his teeth. He hooked his fingers into the hem of Dean’s boxers and took them off too, tossing them aside with the discarded jeans. The hunter stood before him, naked and vulnerable and undeniably beautiful. Cas took in the sight; every curve, edge, and muscle. The solid body of a man raised to be a warrior—much the same way Cas had been. But, unlike Cas, there was a softness to even his sharpest of edges. It was the human part of him; the compassion, and the significant gift and curse of mortality.
He looked up and saw the store clerk watching him with his eyebrow raised, only shaking his head and looking away when their eyes met each other. Cas assumed that meant he had done something wrong, since he had seen the Winchesters appraise him the same way a few times in the past. He set the magazine back in its rightful place and picked up another. Fleetingly, he wondered what exactly a Kardashian was and whether it was just as awful as it sounded; like a disease or a fungus of some kind. As he flipped through it, he recognised some of the names in the article headlines and supposed that this was the celebrity gossip that Sam sometimes mentioned in passing. This he doubted he would ever understand; though he thought that perhaps it was comparable to how the angels looked up to God. Humans certainly seemed equally devoted to their Beyoncé and Justin Bieber though he wasn’t really sure why.
After a couple nights together, Castiel had made sense of the routine and often opened the door as Dean walked down the hall. He would grab longingly at Dean’s hand and pull him inside, very barely getting the door shut behind him before leaning in for a kiss.
Dean peered up at him, a little taken aback by the quiet sadness in the angel’s voice. Castiel had expressed rage and resentment and even a sense of agony—but this was different. This was human-like mourning—something that angels weren’t adept at feeling. It wasn’t in their nature to actually grieve their losses; what once was and would never be again. Angels became fallen comrades and nothing more. But, Castiel actually seemed to genuinely care. And Dean suddenly felt a real pang of guilt. It was true that he hadn’t given much thought to what banishing Lucifer to another world would mean for those existing there. Maybe Sam had, considering he had expressed time and time again that he wanted to impact as little as possible in the mission to find Jack and save their mother. Dean had obviously agreed, thinking how he didn’t want those worlds—and their own particular breeds of horror—to creep back into his life.
Castiel shivered at the thought and found that the idea appealed greatly to him. Though it was inexplicable as to why. The reasoning completely eluded him yet he decided that he really wanted nothing more than to hear Dean call out his name in a desperate need for his pleasure. Though Cas knew that there was no part of him that would hesitate to give in. His cock twitched at the thought of it and he moaned loudly as he bit Dean’s hipbone.
“What part of it? The blood and the screams? Having every monster under the sun try and rip my head from my shoulders?”
Dean’s leg hooked around Castiel’s, allowing him to thrust up against him, impatient to feel skin against skin. Cas trailed his kisses across Dean’s jaw and gnawed gently on his earlobe. Dean shivered at the sensation of Cas’ warm breath at the nape of his neck and his leg clamped down harder, pinning Cas in place.
Dean sat on the hood of the Impala and watched Cas as he opened his arms to the wind as it picked up speed. It was a good day, as far as the bitter beginnings of winter would allow. The sun was combatting the cold breeze that Cas knew would steadily evolve into a gusty flurry of snow. Sooner rather than later, the sun would lose the war and they’d all be temporarily pitched into days spent bundled in many layers, warming their hands in front of the heater, and kicking the slush out of their shoes.
“But don’t you want it to end one day? Just to stop and stay in one place? To be with someone for more than a night?”
Dean stood upright to kiss him with his hands pressed against the wall on either side of him. Despite the warmth of the shower, Castiel shivered. He was trapped between Dean and the wall, and that excited him. Dean dominated him, turning him around so he was facing the wall. The hunter held Cas’ wrists and moved his hands up above his head, palms pressed flat against the tiles, and ordered him to keep them there. Castiel obeyed, automatically arching his back and grinding his ass against Dean. He felt the stiff prod of Dean’s erection and groaned impatiently.
“Well, alright, uh….” Dean sighed, falling quiet for a moment or two while he thought of what a sufficient distraction would be. “Alright, I’ve got something. You haven’t heard the story of my fight in the quad at high school when I was fifteen?”
But he still did as Sam said and pressed down harder on the accelerator. If there happened to be a police officer patrolling the area now… well, Dean would likely end up with worse than a ticket. Particularly since there was the distinct possibility he was above the legal blood alcohol limit if they happened to breathalyse him—and, at the speed he was going, they most certainly would.
He was fiercely loyal and cunningly brave and undeniably strong. And where Dean had flaws, Castiel matched them with flaws of his own. Castiel was created in the perfect image of God and yet he was as imperfect as the humans that the other angels so deeply resented and looked down upon.
Dean wasn’t okay with this…not at all. And he made the feeling absolutely clear to Sam without having to say it in words. It was quite possible that Castiel wouldn’t recognise the objection in the tilt of his stance and the tension in his folded arms, but Sam certainly would.
Castiel couldn’t answer. His voice was gone, cast away into illegible, choked whimpers. They wouldn’t like what he had to say. He had run to the Winchesters and hidden in the safety they provided, allowing them to embrace him with forgiving and protective arms. He had hidden in the bunker, living something that at least resembled a life whilst the world he’d once known fell to pieces just outside. Cas had done nothing to help until now. He hadn’t even tried.
Sam rubbed between his eyes with his thumb and forefinger, clenching his eyes shut tightly for a few seconds. Dean had evoked a similar reaction from Sam before, and usually from a very similar argument, though about a much lesser creature like a newborn vamp or a peculiarly empathetic werewolf. Sam was always so insistent on trying to save whoever he could, were it human or otherwise, whereas Dean took to a much stricter way of doing things—the way John had taught him—to kill anything that wasn’t human.
Cas knew that his sleep tonight would be perturbed by more horrific nightmares. For the first time in a long time, he would have to endure them alone. He would wake sweating and breathless, almost shivering as the sweat instantly cooled against his skin and his mind struggled to free itself from sleep. And he would be alone. Alone and curled up on a strange backseat with peeling faux leather sticking to his clothes. Dean wouldn’t be there to comfort him and kiss him and hold him. Dean wouldn’t be there to make him laugh—the one person who could make such a humourless world light up with laughter.
Castiel was none of those things. And he easily accepted that; the only trepidation being that perhaps he was too selfish to let Dean accept it too.
Castiel paused, fully expecting Dean’s face to flare up or for his tongue to swell three sizes in his mouth. When nothing of the sort occurred, he allowed himself to turn back to the kitchen counter and resumed melding the flour and butter into a crust. He had lost all faith in the recipe and failed to regard it with the same diligence he had at the start of this ridiculous endeavour. But why was it so dry? Cautiously, he added more water and watched in dismay as it trickled off the counter onto his feet. He masked a shudder and swallowed hard against the sudden burn in his throat.
It was all Dean really knew, but that hadn’t kept him from dreaming. He had sometimes imagined a life with homemade meals, with meat he’d just taken off the grill and vegetables that hadn’t come out of a can. He imagined a proper Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner with the table laid with glorious, rich splendour, a turkey perfectly cooked for him to carve and his family to feast upon. He had many times fancied the idea that maybe, just maybe, there would come a time to live the way normal people did.
“I think actually swimming may be out of the question,” Dean decided too late and reached out to grab Castiel’s arm. The hunter dragged the former angel in closer and huddled him protectively into his side with his hand snaking around his back. “Dare to dunk your head under?”
Now it all seemed foolish. Since apparently Castiel wouldn’t go to him even when he was able to hear him. He’d listen to the begging and the suffering and do nothing.
“One room, two queen beds, if you’ve got any spare. Just for one night,” Dean said to the receptionist who flipped through a large book, her chin resting heavily on her hand.
Dean must want to be held by strong, calloused hands; to feel a man’s muscle beneath his hands; to have the hard prod of an erect cock at his ass. Castiel groaned again, stroking harder and faster, his other hand grasping wildly at the sheets beneath him. He imagined taking Dean’s cock into his mouth and licking from the base to the tip, pulling a gasped curse from Dean’s lips. He imagined the vulgarity. The absolute filth Dean would say in the midst of passion, each word more immediate and desperate the closer he came to climax. Castiel wanted to do that to him—to make Dean lose all control.
From what he could understand, the lyrics described a journey, not unlike the one they had just embarked on together where there wasn’t an end in sight—ultimately the destination didn’t matter. It was a voyage into the unknown with assured pain and glory, a life loose from any restraints. Cas suddenly understood the appeal it held for Dean; after all, it was just like the only life Dean really knew: just himself, Sam, the Impala, and the road.
Cas was unique. He, like the Winchesters themselves, had imperfections. He didn’t quite work the way he should; just like that broken handle and that bent hanger. Yet that was precisely why he fit. Those peculiar flaws were things that made up the man Dean loved. And Dean had never wanted him to change.
Sam raised his hands in immediate surrender, and Dean watched him, perplexed by the obvious tension in his expression and in his forever brooding posture. Sam was afraid of Castiel. Dean didn’t have the good sense to feel the same. After all, this was
