“Dean is my mate, and I am proud to carry his pups.” Castiel spat. The fear he had a moment before was slowly turning to anger; he could not sit there and listen to these knot heads talk about his mate and his pup.
“Sam, I know sorry doesn’t even come close to covering seventeen years, but I am truly sorry. I want to make it up to you boys. I just don’t know how.” John said.
“Yes, I’m ready.” Castiel said, his voice shook slightly, betraying his discomfort. The doctor approached Castiel but stopped when the quiet growl began to get louder, bursting out of his chest, teeth bared.
“Then let me take you home. You can’t be here while you’re in heat, you’ll have every alpha in the school trying to take advantage of you.” Dean said.
“You look tired Dean.” John said. The older alpha sat down in front of his son, looking concerned. “Is everything okay?”
“The new kids scent got to me.” Dean said, he felt a blush rise to his cheeks and he locked eyes with Sam.
“Well I’ve got plenty of time to listen son.” John said. Dean looked up at his dad and suddenly realized just how much he had missed his dad.
“I’m worried about Dean and this omega. The omega seems young.” John said after a moment of silence.
“Just a minute please. I really wanna fuck you without the need of heat.” Dean said. He licked a stripe from Castiel’s shoulder to his ear.
Dean decided not to quit and soon the news that Castiel and Dean had sex had reached everyone in the school.
“I know, and I don’t plan on it.” Dean said. “He is still living with his guardian and I am staying at my house. It will be hard to not be with the three of them all the time, but I believe being apart will help when he goes into heat.”
“I’m pregnant?” Castiel asked slowly. “I’m only sixteen, I can’t be pregnant. I haven’t even finished high school!”
“I don’t think anyone noticed, I’ll let Dean know you went to the bathroom, so you aren’t marked late.” She said.
“In the nurses office. He got in a fight with Lucifers group, they tried to rape him in the bathroom, and he fought back, but he’s hurt.” Sam said.
“Let me help you with your omega and your pup.” John said. “I’ll be there for you and be the best grandpa.”
“Don’t worry babe. I’ll talk to her; you stay here and wait for me.” Dean said. He let go of Castiel, pulled on his jeans and shirt before stepping into the hallway. The man took a deep breath and stepped into the living room where Castiel’s guardian was sitting, waiting for him.
Dean sighed and looked back at Castiel and he knew in that moment that he would not leave Castiel to deal with any of this on his own. He would figure it out. He opened a new message, typed in Bobby’s number, and texted him.
“Hey Dean, did you notice you have a new student starting today?” Sam asked. Dean turned to his seventeen-year-old brother, where he was staring at the computer at the alphas desk.
“Dean, you were in rut and if this student is in fact your true mate no one can fault you on that.” Donna said. “Please reconsider resigning.”
“Call me Dean, and please let me take you home.” Dean said. Castiel nodded, not sure if he could speak as his heat jumped up ten notches: leaving him breathless, needy, and hot. Dean called to the office and asked them to find someone to cover his class for the rest of the day, that he needed to go home before leading Castiel out to a big black car. He helped the teenager into the passenger seat and asked him how to get to his house. Castiel forced himself to focus long enough to tell Dean where he lived before nearly passing out again.
Dean moved to the teenager, wrapping his arms around him. He inhaled the omegas scent; it was sweeter than he was used to but still smelled like Cas. The older man gently kissed the teen.
“Um, Dean.” Sam said, approaching his brother. “I can smell your arousal from across the room, you might want to put on some blockers.”
“I’ve got some pretty strong suppressants in my backpack, you want one?” Sam asked. Dean nodded and Sam pulled his prescription suppressants from the small pocket on his backpack, handing one to Dean. Dean popped the pill into his mouth, swallowing it dry. Within a few minutes his alpha went dormant and he was able to face his class.
The stop sign was gray and I almost missed it, even though stoplights and signs are altered to be noticeable in black and white.
he thinks disgustedly, kicking pebbles down the dusty sidewalk. He remembers Dean Winchester’s taunts, the accusations of
He shouldn’t accept. He should just keep walking and never speak to Dean Winchester again. But for the first time in his life, Castiel feels brave.
The bell jangles cheerily as I push my way into the tiny pastry shop. The wind howls outside, snow whirling past in a chaotic tangle. I’m frozen to the bone and probably look like crap, so I brush the snow from my face and shake out my icy hands. People look at me sympathetically from their cozy booths as I take jerky steps up to the counter to order a coffee. There’s a line; it’s a terrible day to be outside.
“Icebreakers are fool things made up by middle-aged pricks,” Bobby begins. Castiel has never loved anyone more. “But we don’t all know each other here, and since we’re a team, we got to get to know each other. Cas—Castee—” he frowns. “New kid. Novak. Say something about yourself, son.”
After a few minutes of general chaos, Bobby finally brings the team to order with a hoarse “shut up!” The boys quiet, settling into a sort of messy semi-circle. Castiel desperately hopes for a talking-free practice.
A jolt of panic runs through his body and he gets up so fast that he nearly falls out of his chair. “Coming, Uncle!” he calls back, trying to steady his voice.
It seems like a cruel joke at this point. Names, peppermint tea and sitting in a shop… is this really happening?
“Now, this is a bit, um, well, you might wanna scroll through some of this,” explains Charlie, wincing at Sam’s look of utter disgust, “But the overall story, it’s… ugh, it made me cry. I still can’t listen to Elvis.”
Sam’s complaints fall on deaf ears, and she blithely decides on the most famous fic out there, one that will definitely either traumatize or intrigue Sam. Maybe a bit of both.
The spell breaks; Dean opens his eyes, flinching when he sees Castiel just standing there in the doorway.
Castiel doesn’t look at him, and he walks home alone, swinging his bag and kicking the pebbles. Things never change, he knows that. Nothing ever happens to him, even when he tries.
, thinks Sam. But there’s no way out. Charlie’s got that look on her face, and Sam knows the only way to get her to shut up is to read this fanfiction.
Bobby shakes his head. “You’re done, boy. Team! Idjits! Say your names and then we’ll start doing what y’all are actually here to do.”
She grinned, she couldn’t seem to stop doing it and I couldn’t stop staring at the dimple that creased her cheek.
Sam sits at the table, flipping through a huge, ancient tome. A stack of books rests next to him, waiting to be studied. Cas is not at the table, a noted absence.
Pause. Something catches Dean’s eye. PAN OUT to the road— to the IMPALA, shiny as the day she came off the line.
They don’t really know what Cas and Dean talked about, but judging from the sounds that leak out of Dean’s room an hour later, it must have gone well.
“Hot elf girls… Fifty reasons why Harry Potter is the best thing to happen to the world of fandom… Tumblr…” Dean looks up. “Huh. This is what you do with your free time, Charlie?”
“Ah, I see,” says Cas knowingly. “But why would Dean be uncomfortable with the concept of that? He and I are close friends.”
“I need to get you to a doctor. You’re fevered too.” Dean said. “Sorry to cut our visit short Dad, but my omega and my baby come first.”
The rest of that week was spent fucking anywhere they could, eating when they got the chance to and learning more about each other. Dean learned that Castiel had been in foster care his entire life, he did not even know who his parents were. He wanted to go to school to become a gynecologist and he loved cats.
John watched as Dean rushed around, making sure Castiel was okay while he put on pants and a clean shirt and making sure Sam was going with him leaving again after just getting home.
“Fucking hell!”  Alistair yelped. “Lucifer hold him still. I’m gonna teach this bitch a lesson!” Castiel glared at the alpha in front of him, dodging the hands trying to grab at him. He threw his elbow back and caught Lucifer’s nose making it bleed. Crowley jumped in then and grabbed at Castiel’s arms while Alistair finished stripping him. The alpha pulled his cock out of his pants but before he could do anything Castiel threw his leg up, kicking Alistair in the crotch. The alpha howled in pain and rage, he pulled his arm back and swung his fist into Castiel’s jaw, grinning in satisfaction when he heard a snap.
“I thought you took those home.” Dean replied. Castiel shook his head and walked towards Deans room.
“Charlie, shut yer cake hole. I’m trying to teach a class.” Someone said. Castiel looked up at the teacher and his heart pounded in his chest. The teacher was young and handsome with dark blond hair and emerald green eyes.
“More like ninety percent. We need to do an actual ultrasound to see for sure.” Doctor Ricardo said. “We can set that up now if you’d like.”
A clatter from the kitchen had all three of them looking towards Sam in the doorway. A metal bowl was rolling on the floor in front of him and he was staring at the oldest alpha with wide eyes.
“I’m not leaving you alone. You’re going to stay with me until Missouri is back.” Dean said. He led Castiel into the trailer, careful not to wake Sam as he searched the medicine cabinet for ginger pills. After thirty minutes Castiel crashed on Deans bed with exhaustion. Dean sat in his desk chair watching the teenager for a moment before reaching for his phone and texting the one person he promised himself he would never text.
Castiel stepped back in the room then, letting Dean know that he was hungry, and they were dismissed. Dean took Castiel to the nearest diner and got him some French toast before heading back him where they the next few hours talking to John.
“Well, it looks like you are pregnant. That would definitely explain the vomiting. You are probably experiencing morning sickness.”
“Shit, shit. She’s going to kill me.” Castiel muttered. Castiel got up and began pacing the room; the smell of rotten apples filled the room. Dean immediately grabbed Cas, pulling him in tight. Castiel automatically buried his face in Dean’s neck, inhaling his scent to calm himself.
That Saturday when they woke up Castiel no longer smelled like heat and he was not burning with fever. Dean pulled Castiel to him, kissing the back of the teenager’s neck, making him purr.
Castiel’s pregnancy progressed normally for a while, but as he reached his third trimester he began to have complications. He started throwing up again, he spent a good majority of his time in the bathroom with his head in the toilet. It got so bad that he was not able to go to school because he was throwing up too much. Dean finally had enough and booked an appointment with the doctor to find out why the teenager was sick all the time and Castiel was diagnosed with Hyperemesis Gravidarum, or extreme morning sickness. He was prescribed medication to help with the nausea that helped most of the time and he was able to return to school as long as he did not get around fish or milk; these were his triggers.
“Dean, you’re my mate. You’re supposed to unload on me.” Castiel said looking up at the man. Dean kissed Castiel gently, his tongue tracing Castiel’s lips. Castiel let out a quiet whimper, surging forward to deepen the kiss; the teenagers stomach chose that moment the growl loudly, letting them know just how hungry Castiel actually was.
“We didn’t want things Dad. We wanted you, we needed you to be there for us.” Sam said. He sat down on the couch across from his dad. “When I made it to the science fair finals in fourth grade the only people that came to see me win were Dean and Mr. Ryans, when I made Mathletes in seventh grade Dean was at every competition even though he hated every second. When I had my first kiss in eighth grade with a boy named Eric, Dean promised me it was okay to like both boys and girls. In ninth grade when I presented as an Alpha Dean was there for me during my entire rut, he made sure I had everything I needed and just a few months ago when I found out my girlfriend of three years had cheated on me with my best friend and is pregnant with his pup Dean sat with me while I cried and screamed and got pissed. All those times I needed my dad to be there and since you were absent all the time Dean stepped up and became the dad I needed.”
“Mr. Winchester, I know you are Castiel’s boyfriend, but I can’t have you in here. You are not his guardian.” Mrs. Tran said. “You may wait outside until Mrs. Mosley comes to get him.” Dean growled loudly, not wanting to leave his omega and unborn pups. “Dean, if I have to I will sedate you and then you will be of no use to anyone.”
“You don’t have an alpha little omega.” Crowley chuckled. “You aren’t claimed, you’re just a whore, sleeping with teachers, getting pregnant with their spawn.”
“I’m probably going to go to sleep. I feel like hell Dean.” Castiel groaned. The teenager leaned into his alpha, not having the energy to move much.
Dean and Castiel spent the rest of the day weighing the pros and cons of both choices and by the time they went to bed that night, curled up in Castiel’s full size bed together, they had made the decision for Dean to claim Castiel. That night Dean made love to Castiel for the first time since their mating nearly three months earlier. Dean slowly pushed into Castiel, groaning at the feel of being inside his omega. He had not realized how much he craved this, craved the closeness, the intimacy of being connected to his mate. Dean draped himself over Castiel’s back as he pressed into him over and over again. He reached underneath them to grab the teenager’s cock, jacking him in time to his own thrusts. It was not long before both of them were panting and moaning as they neared their orgasms. Castiel was the first to fall over the cliff of pleasure, moaning Dean’s name into his pillow, Dean followed behind him, clamping his teeth on Castiel’s neck until he tasted blood.
“I could be sent back into the system for this?” Castiel whispered. A low growl rumbled out of Dean’s chest and he pulled the teenager to him again.
“No, they won’t.” Dean growled. “I’d have to give up my rights first and there’s no way in hell I’m doing that.”
“Mrs. Mosley, before you say anything I want to start by apologizing for not talking to you first and by explaining the situation. I had no intention of being with Castiel. He went into heat at school on Monday and I brought him home, trying to keep him safe from other alphas at the school, unfortunately his heat threw me into rut. I have been with him all week and I don’t intend to leave now. I realize it is unethical with me being his teacher and an adult while he’s still a minor, but he is my true mate, and I will not leave him. If he ends up pregnant I will take care of him and the baby, I will take full responsibility.” Dean said
“I’m coming right now okay.” Dean said. Castiel did not respond, he could not as he continued to throw up. Dean came into the room a couple minutes later with an empty garbage can and the keys to his Impala. Dean helped Castiel up and into the car before rushing him to the nearest insta care. Once there he explained what was going on, they checked his temperature to see if he was running a fever, asked when his last heat was; he was due for one any day, and asked him what he’d last eaten before getting him back to an exam room where they took blood and urine samples. After twenty minutes an ultrasound tech was sent in to check on him. She ran the camera over his stomach, looking for anything that could cause him to throw up the way he was.
I think that helps a little. While I’m waiting for my life to settle back down I’ve been trying to figure out hobbies. I thought I had spare time for hobbies before, but it turns out I did NOT and now I don’t know what to do with my life. My roommate suggested puzzles, my brother baking (which I already do, so it’s not so much a hobby but a plea for me to make my famous oatmeal chocolate chip cookies for him), my co-worker suggested knitting, but I’m pretty sure she was teasing me. I’m tempted to pick it up out of spite now. Which is a great motivator by the way, spite. I dunno, it looks pretty badass. Take all that yarn and make a fucking sweater. Tiny little baby booties. Got any suggestions? I’ll take any suggestion.
“What are you gonna do today?” Sam leaned against the kitchen counter, coffee in one hand, toast in the other.
The glass on the store’s door rattled. Dean pushed away from the counter and peeked through the door: Pamela Barnes. “Pam, what the hell are you doing out here. Freezing your ass off for fun?”
“Boy, you guys sure know how to set the mood.” She pulled a tin of mints from her purse and popped one in her mouth. “Mint?”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and snuggled close. “In five years, this could be us. Kids would be younger, but it’d be like this.” She kissed his neck and stepped away. “It’s a nice feeling.”
Ha, I don’t think I’ve got any stories like that. What do you even know about the mating habits of cats? I think I’ll just do what I do every year and get wasted. Not a great plan, but works strong after all of these years. Honestly, my friends and family aren’t that bad. They’re just looking out for me. My roommate can be the worst of them, but she’ll protect me from the worst of them too. It just sucks because this year, I really wish I did have someone. This year has been such a mixed bag. I’ve got great friends and family that’ve let me lean on them, but things are different when you're in a relationship. You can be vulnerable in a different way, you know. Maybe I’m getting older and more wistful (who would’ve thought I’d ever use that word), but I’d be nice. Maybe once the new year starts I’ll look into finding someone. God, I’ll be going in with the rest of them. Better to try then give up, right?
I’m sorry to hear you’re not doing well, but as long as you’re open and honest with your therapist you’ll get the best care. Not that I don’t think you aren’t already. I know I can’t do much over the computer, but do you have a fall back plan set up with someone close with you? Perhaps your roommate? Anything to catch you when you find yourself spiraling — I think that’s what you were looking for.
The kids’ table was more and more appealing. “Coming.” April waited in the doorway for him, balanced on her tallest heels, her dress swished and shimmered.
“Well, I’m pretty sure you’ve only been a dick to me, so you don’t have much to worry about. And you haven’t done it since, so I’d say the you I’ve gotten to know the last couple of months is a better reflection of you. I like the real you.”
“I know, but I also know you were pretty cut up about the store closing. Don’t argue with me that it didn’t fuck you up a bit, we’ve long gone past that. It’s okay to have a friend to reach out to. Like NYC418.  I’m glad you’ve got someone else to talk to, besides them.”
I think everyone in life regrets something at some time or another. God knows I do. I honestly wish I had your power to say something. When I want to say something I either clam up or say something stupid. Once they’ve left and it’s all said and done is when I finally think of something and I hate I never get to say it in the heat of the moment. Maybe if you give me all your good lines I can finally have my moment and you won’t have to feel weighed down by the regret. It’s not a perfect solution, but it would be better for both of us then the path we’re currently running a rut.
“Yeah, but I’d like to know when my brother is taking on a major corporation. I knew you said they were close, but you really weren’t kidding. That’s like pissing on your territory.”
I’ve recently been in a — transition and it’s made me too nostalgic and whatever. Not a great combo with the depression and whatever, but therapy helps me process it. My roommate’s good about making sure I don’t wallow in it. But everything is finalize and I can’t go back. That part of my life is officially over now and it’s left me wonder what in my life will change beyond the obvious big parts. Hence the waxing poetic over movie credits of all things.
Cas had done many stupid things in his life, but going to Dean Winchester’s apartment was high on the list. He should never had done it, it crossed all kinds of boundaries. Yet the irony was that he had passed his apartment so many times. They could have met anytime in the street, yet they hadn’t met until he walked into his store. He should have waited and approached him in a more professional setting. Add it to the mountain of Problematic Things Cas Needed to Work On. One, boundaries. Two, separating work life versus personal life. Three, letting go of his parents influence. Four, give April a proper apology. Needless to say, he had a lot of work ahead of him.
Ugh, I feel like I’m about to make a bad decision, but I can’t really go into the details because it breaks our no family, no names, no jobs clause.
Cas steps to the side next to the kids and looks them over. The older one smells sweet like late-bloomer omega. The younger one couldn’t be older than six. “Are you alright?”
However, instead of you, I met someone who I’ve only interacted with recently and sparingly. And it always ends disastrously. I honestly wish you were there. I finally came up with a come back that 1.) didn’t suck and 2.) actually landed. But when they flinched I felt like shit. I’ve had a stressful last few weeks due to work related issues (issues that this person is related to), but that doesn’t mean they have to be my punching bag. I want to take everything back. And if I’m honest, after reflection, it flared my depression (Is that even the word? Fuck if I know, I’m deep down the hole right now). I’m working, everyday I’m working, but maybe after my work related stress is out of the way and settled I can go back on meds. I stopped before the holidays because it was just too much too fast. I’ve kept up with the sessions, but it doesn’t feel like enough right now. And with my anxiety jostling in the back seat I don’t know when it’ll creep back up.
No, I understand. I too have suffered through many an awkward family dinner. I’ve grown quite apt at changing subjects to anything less grating. I don’t think I have much advice though beyond that. I’ve found the mating habits of cats and daily activities of worker bees throw people far from the dating questions. With any luck, you’ll make a convincing case this year to get them off your case or you’ll find someone so they’ll cease their campaign, of course that brings its own set of questions. Much of life’s interactions circles back to well meaning and well intended people. And we all know what the way to Hell is paved with.
Dean, I’m sorry I stood you up. There’s a lot about me that I’m coming to terms with and it’s hard to accept a lot of myself. However, you’re human too and have feelings. They’re probably hurt right now. I can’t take that back, but I can work towards repairing the bridge
“Ugh, Clarence you would not believe what I had to get through to be here anywhere near on time. I am lucky to be alive.” Meg leaned against his shoulder and took the second coffee from the carrier. “The Lord knew what he was doing blessing me with an angel like you.”
“No, the business is selling books, not buying so many you can start your own bookstore out of your house. Keep it for the public.”
“That’s great.” He finished off his beer. He needed to tell Sam before they froze out here. “I know this isn’t ideal after all your great news, but I’m closing the store.”
“I don’t know what to do. I broke up with April and I thought that would get rid of my problems, but it didn’t.”
He leaned on the bar, not close enough to get his gross sick germs on Castiel, but close enough he could see the red-orange Gerber daisy petal stained the tips of his fingers. “Like, do you just want to talk over the phone or like actually hang out and stuff. Or be those friends who always tell each other that they’ll get together and never do.”
The holidays were approaching — Claire and Jack would enjoy a day out in the city, the cold nipping at the exposed parts of their faces and they’d warm up at a fancy tea or perhaps a small cafe. He could help them pick out presents or decorate a tree in his apartment.
“And holiday shopping starts at the end of November. Gotta think about this stuff in advance. Don’t your D and D campaigns last awhile?”
Dean glanced over at the clock. “Shit, I need to get going.” He dropped his mug into the sink and hurried past Charlie on the couch.
Cas sighs and pulls the day’s newspaper from under the counter along with the change in his pocket. “Go on and have fun. Please stay dry.”
They wandered around until they found the fair Claire mentioned, not too far from the stores location. They must have had to take a detour as parts of the street were blocked off for a fall festival. Claire and Jack pulled him in each and every direction, following the sweet smells, loud games, and colorful prizes and areas. He watched them closely and coaxed them to indulge in all the festival had to offer. He more than likely would never have children to spoil and love, so Claire and Jack had to be his surrogates. He cheered them on at games, took them to a face painting booth, and even managed to squeeze himself in a toy car ride with them.
Sam frowned and leaned over the kitchen sink. “Are you gonna go outside? Sun’s good for you and all that.”
The doors opened and he rushed them down to his apartment. He sat her down on the couch and went to the kitchen to get her a glass of water. “Here. How do you feel?”
She cracks a wide, honest smile he hasn’t seen in two weeks.“Aw, you’re the best sugar daddy a girl could hope for.”
His increased sense of unease around her after their romantic dinner turned sour night should have been his second.
“I’m looking for a book my friend wants me to read. She said it’s about a princess who lives with dragons?” The girl’s voice rose at the end as if she wasn’t sure she remembered right.
“Kevin, and it was a fucking accident. Christmas has got of a bit of haze on it. He probably doesn’t remember though.” He paused. ”No, wait, I think I did tell Krissy once. She didn’t think I had it in me to date anyone. Had to prove her wrong somehow.”
He listened to her shuffle around containers and baggies and focused on his breathing. In. Out. In. Out. Base for tortellini soup: tomatoes, white onion, chicken stock, heavy cream, basil, rosemary, salt, pepper, a touch of butter.
After meeting Dean and learning he was ImpalaGuy everything tumbled together. April would not fix his problems with his parents. He should have recognized his problems long ago, but he stubbornly ignored them and everyone who pointed them out for years. He ignored himself. Not any longer. If he continued like this he had a strong feeling Meg and Gabe would stage an intervention.
She pressed a kiss to his forehead. “Of course.” She left. He heard the water rush then stop. She padded back in and sat it on the nightstand. “Call me.”
“An alpha followed us back to the motel we were staying at one time. Called me an omega whore, told me I must be fertile since I already had a kid and he’d like to put another in me.” Dean snorts and looks down at his hands. “I heard that a lot ‘cause of the age gap between me and Sam. Fucking alphas.”
He could approach him, but he didn’t want to come off as accusatory. He wanted — he wasn't sure. But he didn’t want to squabble with him like children. The revelation about his corporate personality made him stumbled. Meg worked with him, clarified what she meant, and it was — eye opening. He knew change wouldn’t happen in a day. It would be a long road to becoming the person he thought he was, and that’s not to say he would drop his entire corporate personality, but he wanted to be better. And being self-aware is the first step.
She turned away from him and sighed. “Why couldn’t you do it sooner? Why keep me attached for so long? Why introduce me to your family, your parents?”
In the late afternoon, his arms were of full prizes, balloons, and a memorable goldfish. Claire and Jack lagged behind. Something quiet would do nicely, a place to stop for a moment and recuperate.
What a dork. Yet here he was, months since he first struck up the idea for them to hang out and almost half a year since he first met Dean. And it was nice. “Sometimes you have to treat yourself.”
and after that I'm not too familiar with the others. I've always had a packed life either dictated by my parents or my job. I do remember watching
But most importantly, I do want to continue. I look forward to your e-mails and I wouldn’t want to lose our friendship due to my error. I hope my misstep won’t be too much to forgive.
He shrugged. “I think it was a long time coming. We were good during undergrad, but we’ve got different ambitions. We’re still good friends. Get together every now and then for coffee and catch up. She’s moving to Colorado after the new year. Got a job lined up at an art place with an old friend of hers — Sarah I think.”
“Ooo, story time. Can we go in?” Claire pointed at a large sign of an open book with the words “Story Time Saturday” with an analog clock set to three.
She’s a part of their younger college group—the ones who’ve left the nest and are managing fairly well, but every now and then need an adultier adult. Slap a beard on either of Cas or Dean and they could make out as early forty. It worked well when Cas got Claire and Kaia’s old landlord to break them out of their contract early for sexual harassment. Dean gave Jack, Kevin, and Sam’s landlord the riot act after ignoring one too many of their complaints.
Gabriel dropped a hand on his shoulder. Let the invasive family questioning begin. “Gabriel, good to see you.”
He stood up. “No, no, no. I’m just. I’ve never.” He pushed a puff of air in frustration. “I promise it’s not you, April. I thought what we were doing was enough. I’m sorry I didn’t notice. I promise I’ll make it up to you.” He kissed her cheek and brushed past her to get to the kitchen for cup three.
“You know you can hire people to move your stuff.” Gabe plopped down in the barstool and pulled a slice out of the box.
He shifted the box and sat it down next to kitchen island. “Just set it next to the wall and grab a slice. We can take a break.”
“Hey, we’ll work something out to get you and Dorothy together sooner. You practically live over there now. Will you even need to move anything?”
“It’s a valid question. You two where hissing at each other like cats up until you announced the store was closing. What am I supposed to make out of you guys hanging out?”
NYC418: Everyone copes at different times and in different ways. Would you look down on someone who needs pain meds after a surgery?
“That’s nice, April.” He gripped her arm and waist to help guide her into his apartment on her tall heels. He should have sent her back to her apartment, but he knew she would sigh, say she was okay sleeping alone, and sulk. Another point where he conceded to her frustrations instead of his comfort. Add it to the long list of ‘Reasons Castiel Has Let This Relationship Go on For too Long, Resulting in Harm to Both Participants’.
“Okay, let’s get you out of here. We can go make our apologizes to Billie and then head back to the apartment.” She set his plate on a coffee table and pulled him out of the armchair. “I’ll make it quick and painless.” She guided him through the small groups and leaned into Billie’s side. “I’m so sorry, but we have to jet. A bit of an emergency just popped up.”
Castiel shifted from foot to foot. He was over thirty for Christ’s sake, but his parents still treated him has a kid. A pat on the head for a job well done before a dismissal so the adults could talk.  He was glad his parents wanted the private tour or they would have made him a fool in front of the investors. In front of anyone but his parents he was well versed, strong, and a leader. With his parents he was still the fourteen year old boy sniffling through their lecture because he received a ‘B’ on an essay. “Mother, Father. Don’t you have meeting at lunch?”
It was crisp outside, a bit of sunshine, no flurries when he first came into the store. It neared five when he finished up. The packages and sign would be picked up tomorrow, the store put on the market, and that would be it. The end of an era.
He swirled his straw. “I do want to. There’s a lot of pressure to meet my parents expectations. I don’t think I mature past childhood in that department. I just didn’t realize I was such an assbut about it.”
Sam laughed and squeezed his large frame through the window. A blast of warm air washed over him and he heard laughter from the living room. He stopped by the kitchen to grab a beer and joined the group in the living room. A round of charades had sprouted while they were gone and Charlie was miming out — something.
“I’m well aware, but they’re both consenting adults and we are here to have a business meeting. Business first, gossip second. To the second floor.”
“Uh-huh. She learns how to use magic and fight and she’s always got Kazul by her side. They’re pretty great. I always keep a couple in stock so I can share them. Isn’t that the best part about reading? Getting to share the stories with others?”
He started running numbers after the post-work rush went through, letting Krissy guard the front until the store closed. Now after hours, he thought he was alone. “I wanna get ahead of the storm. Milton Books is gonna fuck me over, but I want to prevent as much of it as possible. I’m not letting this store go under.”
He rolled his eyes, dropped his slice, and pulled the top box off Gabriel’s stack. “It’s part of the business.”
A voice over. “Castiel Novak, member of the Milton family and executive of Milton Books east coast, had this to say.”
He paced. All of the reasons it was a terrible idea tumbled over in his mind. He had a reputation to uphold. His parents, the stockholders, the
“Maybe we should do that sometime. Order take out.” She leaned over his shoulder. “Put on a movie.” Draped her fingers down his shoulder to his chest. “Get to really
He headed towards the front, passing stationary and book notions, nearly walking into a display of Milton Books mugs.
Well that could be anyone. “You can’t come up. I’ve got a cold. I’m contagious.” He coughed into the speaker. “I hacked up green gunk into the sink this morning. I’ve got an orange juice IV in. I’m not fit for company.” There was a knock on the door, not too loud, polite. Well, shit. Someone must have let him inside. He threw on his robe and stuffed the strewn Kleenexs into his pockets and kicked them to the side. He peeped through the peep hole and it was Castiel Novak, a bouquet of Gerber daisies in his hands. He ruffled his hair and opened the door. “Do you really want to come in?”
They opened the window and crawled out onto the fire escape. The snow flurries swirled and stung his cheeks. Too cold to be out for long, but he hoped it wouldn’t be a long conversation. “How’s Cali? I’m surprised you didn’t bring Jess with you.”
Dean could live without the extra people at the grocery store. That’s what he got though for his last minute trip for baking chocolate. Charlie blew into the kitchen and requested his dark chocolate cake with puppy eyes. Like he could say no to her puppy eyes. He couldn’t say no to Sam or her. Which left him, literally hours before Thanksgiving began, in the hellish grocery store. He browsed through the baking chocolate, he had to find the right cocoa percentage. And his brand was on sale. At least there was a bright spot to this trip to Hell.
Dean shifted in his chair. He couldn’t deny he did the same sometimes. A lot more frequently lately than before all of this shit started.
ImpalaGuy: I’m sure it would be better if I actually took the meds they prescribed me, but I’m not sure how I feel about it. Shouldn’t I feel better just talking to someone? Isn’t that bad enough?
Honey zoomed back through, sniffed the edges of a window, and padded towards him. She shoved her head under his hand and he obliged her as he opened the pizza box.
Aw shit. “Hey, I’m just really glad you’ve found someone you love. I’m proud of you. Let me know when your commitment ceremony is gonna be. I’ll be there on the first row.”
He hung his coat on the hook and untied his shoes. Honey, nowhere in sight, must have been shut in the bathroom. “For what?” He walked to the table and ran his fingers over the white tablecloth. Was this even his. “It’s not an anniversary, right?”
Meg snorted. “Sure Mr. ‘I Can Move My Own Belongings’. Please tell me, do you plan to take your new couch on the subway or will you spring for a taxi?”
Preferably sugar cookies. I’ll be making them with my younger relatives, and while I’m sure they’d love plain chocolate chip, but I’d like to include them in the baking process. Rolling out dough and cutting them into shapes is easy for kids, right? (This being a genuine questions as I don’t spend a lot of time with kids. I would hate for them to get frustrated with something I want them to enjoy.) I did not know homemade dog biscuits were a thing, so I would love if you passed the recipe on to me. Honey doesn’t get too many treats (I can’t take her outside for runs as much as I’d like to), but I think the holidays asks for something more, don’t you think?
, is about Princess Cimorene who is frustrated with her princess life and wants to do more. When she learns her parents are arranging her marriage she runs away and finds a group of dragons. She convinces Kazul to take her ‘captive’. Everything is fine until wizards start to invade the dragons’ territory.” He handed it to her and held out the other two. “Then there’s
Dean shrugged his shoulders. “Look, what’s done is done. I’ve said my piece, you’ve said yours. Can’t really get the store back, so no use crying over spilt milk, you know?”
“I’m keeping it positive. They can’t close us in a day.” He clapped and rubbed his hands together. “We’ve got a store to open. Can’t let this drag us down.”
He tapped his fingers on the table and glanced at his watch. Dean should be there any second. He stared out the window and watched the pedestrians scurry past. The cusp of spring brought new life into the city. Yes, things were looking up.
The waitress returns with their drinks and gets their orders. Cas tilted his head and grabbed two sugar packets. “It depends. How well do you work with other people?”
She grabbed his face and made him look her in the eye. “Listen, your parents have done a number on you. You are capable. You are a leader. You just don’t know how you command your presence. The guys would probably appreciate if you ease off their asses.” They were at the front of the line and Meg ordered for them. “I didn’t know things were that bad.” She snorted. “Should’ve known.”
“Don’t let him weasel his way out,” warns Sam, slowly beginning to smile. “Please. I mean, this has been so long coming… It was driving me insane.”
“See you around, Novak,” Dean calls as Castiel is leaving. Surprised, Castiel pauses in the doorway, sneaking a glance over his shoulder. Dean is carefully not looking back at him.
The weather is perfect, as usual; pillowy clouds roll gently across the bright blue summer sky. Seagulls squawk obnoxiously and pick at the french fries littered on the pavement. The air smells of fried food and lake-water, a strange yet surprisingly enticing aroma.
As the song plays, Dean sees people standing by the road— old  friends, old lovers, old rivals, old members of his family. There is CHARLIE, waving frantically, a grinning KEVIN by her side. There are JO and ELLEN and ASH in the Roadhouse, bickering among themselves. There are MARY and JOHN, young lovers again, looking at each other with hope in their eyes. There is PAMELA, there is JODY, LISA, JESS, countless others they’ve loved and lost. JACK even blips in to wave hello.
Cas doesn’t say anything, and Charlie peeks up at him, suddenly remembering how powerful he actually is.
Cross-country practice is the part of the day that Castiel simultaneously loves and dreads the most. Through running, he can escape from his loneliness and boredom… but he has to face the fact that no one really talks to him. The only person who seems to have any interest in him at all is Dean—and Dean makes fun of his clothes, his way of speaking, his uncle’s car (all deemed “pretentious” and “stuck-up”).
An older Dean finally perfecting his pie recipe, passing the plate around the dinner table, looking pleased with himself. Contented.
I sat there, astonished, while we stared at each other, eyes hungrily drinking in this new sensation, the explosion of color that overtook our senses.
“Whatever, man,” Dean scoffs, kicking a pebble that skitters over the pavement and lands next to Castiel’s shoe. “Come on, Sam.” He grabs the skinny kid by the arm and they start walking towards the parking lot.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps suddenly, and crumples. Castiel skids to a halt, panting hard, hands on his knees.
During practice, he runs with his head down, staring at the ground in front of him. The rest of the kids clump in various groups, making occasional jokes and comments that evoke a spattering of breathless laughter. Castiel focuses on his form, relishing the burn in his calves and the sweat on his brow. He’s not the fastest runner in the group, but he’s definitely in the top half, almost neck-and-neck with Dean. Occasionally, he’ll catch a glimpse of Dean looking at him, then speeding up, like he’s trying to outrun Castiel. They run around corners, across streets, behind churches, over meadowed paths, in the weirdest, most jagged route Castiel’s ever run. Tourists and townsfolk alike give them a thumbs-up as they go past.
Castiel sleeps, his face serene. Morning light spills in through the window, the drapes gently fluttering. It’s a beautiful scene, almost like a painting. The song “THANK YOU” by Led Zeppelin begins to PLAY. PAN TO Dean in the doorway, awkwardly holding a plate of eggs and mug of black coffee. Dean’s face is softer than we’ve seen it in a long time. He hesitates, not wanting to disturb his friend.
Dean kisses him. “Thank You” by Led Zeppelin resumes. Cas pulls him in, closer. It is a beautiful, tender kiss, a movie kiss.
Cas stumbles, falling to brace himself on the wall. Both Sam and Dean reach out to grab his arms on either side.
Before I realize it, we’ve been talking for an hour and Cas hisses with surprise as he looks at his watch.
Copper Beach High School has a tennis court, a baseball field, a soccer field, a football field with a track around it, and a few dilapidated buildings that Castiel assumes are used to house the actual classes. The fields themselves aren’t in the best condition, either; the grass is patchy, and the tennis court fence is rusted through. Still, a track is a track, and a route is a route. You can run anywhere.
They’re just up the road. (He takes a sip of his beer.) You have a lot to talk out. Bad memories to work through. But you can do it, with time. Work it all out.
The field is golden and beautiful, yet as ragged as Dean remembers it. BOBBY SINGER sits on his rocking chair, beer in hand. Dean walks up to the porch. He takes his time— he has all the time in the world, after all.
Castiel Novak stares at the blank page in front of him, twisting his pencil fretfully between his long, skinny fingers. A slight breeze from the open window rustles the pages of his notebook, and he sighs, putting down his pencil and rubbing his aching temples. He likes to write, sure, but this kind of generic narrative essay bores him to the point of exhaustion. It’s nearing mid-August, and he dreads the beginning of school. At least in the summer, he can seclude himself and pretend it’s by choice.
Dean chokes, blood pooling from his mouth. His eyes are glassy and fighting to stay open. SAM’s eyes are filled with tears--he can’t believe it.
“It was Destiel fanfiction, okay? It was a really, really sad story that made me want to rip out my own heart and was
, Castiel thinks resignedly, constantly pushing himself past Dean at practice so they don’t match pace.
To his side, the skinny kid with the messy hair winces, just slightly. But he doesn’t say anything to stop Dean.
Dean throwing popcorn and Monopoly pieces at Sam, chasing him around the living room as Sam raises his arms in protest.
That was how it started. We never got married, but we both wanted to; in fact, the ring was in my pocket.
The words just come out and I can’t take them back. Cas stares at me, eyes wide and shocked. I’m surprised at his reaction, since most people look uncomfortable and offer condolences. But his eyes…they look like mine when I look in the mirror.
, the scornful looks, the avoidance. Maybe all of it is true. Maybe he deserves it for not being brave.
She drags him over to her sleek black laptop, sitting open on the table in the bunker. He sits down, half-scared, half-curious.
The next few days he walks home from practice, bag thumping against his hip as he slowly learns his way around Copper Beach. There are a lot of restaurants, ice-cream shops, and souvenir stands—for the tourists, of course. Castiel isn’t really a tourist, but he’s new, and the novelty of it all both excites and frightens him. Back home, he stayed in his room or ran the same familiar route around the neighborhood when he wasn’t at school. There were family trips to Italy, to France, to Tokyo, but all were strictly regimented and he had to stay with his brothers the whole time. In Castiel’s entire life, any element of freedom had been out of the question.
I smiled to myself as I plucked a box of peppermint tea from the rack. Lisa was crazy for the stuff, drinking a cup with honey each morning and night.
Panting and sweaty, Castiel staggers back to the school after his three-mile run. He hasn’t run all summer, and he’s paying the price now. Most of the team has already completed their runs and are waiting at the school for Bobby to dismiss them. As he jogs up, some of them give him disinterested once-overs, like they’ve seen boys like him before and don’t much like what they see.
“I’m sorry, I am. Um, I-I really have to go.” I attempt to get up from the table but accidentally knock over my coffee. It spills across the table, staining its perfect wooden gloss. I only stand there, watching it spread.
Shoelaces are quite hard to tie with shaking hands, Castiel finds. He swallows and knots the laces hard, still kneeling on the sidewalk.
“It would be nice if you could find a ride home,” Zachariah says as soon as Castiel gets in the car, tapping his fingers idly against the wheel. “I have clients in the evening, and picking you up interrupts my schedule.” This meant, of course, that he would not be picking Castiel up from practice any longer.
I’ve wanted to say it back. For so long, Cas. But I— I didn’t think— I mean, you were an angel, and there was Lisa, then Purgatory, and the Mark, and Chuck, and everything against us— it was never right, and I never thought you felt— (he breaks off, swallowing.) I never thought you could. Love me, I mean.
The drive to the school is tense. Castiel begins to chew his lip, a nervous habit, and stops when Zachariah sends him a look of disgust. They park just behind a battered pick-up truck, which opens to let out a stream of boys shouldering bags and water bottles.
, and this time Dean isn’t having it. He pushes ahead of Castiel, shooting him a stony glare. Castiel shakes his head, sweat dripping into his eyes, and runs harder, elbow brushing Dean’s bare back. They run like a pair of wild horses straining at the bit, feet pounding the cracked pavement. The sun beats down on their shoulders.
thinks he is about to speak— but he remains silent. Cas merely looks back at him, at the face he thought he’d never see again. The awkwardness is mostly on Dean’s side, which is not a surprise. Castiel seems content to merely look.
I pocketed my change and hurried out the door, bags of groceries swinging from my hands. The wind buffeted the thin plastic of the bags, and I cursed myself for not using the cloth ones we always kept in the backseat. I drove fast, humming along to my favorite song and tapping the dashboard to the thrashing drums.
, she’s shipped it for so long and so much, and these idiots have barely made any progress, and she’s
And Castiel is staring. This is the first time he’s seen Dean not act like a puffed-up jock or a protective brother or an obnoxious ladies’ man—this is Dean in his natural state. This is Dean when he thinks no one’s watching.
“What is your plan for your classes?” Doctor Ricardo asked. “Castiel still has one more year of high school does he not?”
Dean groaned; he had been fighting with his alpha since class started. Castiel was in heat and his scent seemed to fill the entire classroom. He finally could not do it anymore and he dismissed the class early, calling Castiel to his office.
Dean smiled as he closed the door, making sure to lock it before climbing into his car. He started the engine, rolled down the window and popped a Led Zeppelin cassette into the tape player. The alpha pulled away from the curb and sped off towards the freeway, trying to ignore the anxiety building up in his stomach; it had been a long time since he had seen his dad and he was nervous. After a quiet twenty-minute drive Dean pulled into the parking lot of the San Jose International Airport. He pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to his dad letting him know he was there and where he would be waiting. Nearly an hour later an older man, who looked a lot like Sam, stepped into the little coffee shop where Dean was sitting, staring into his coffee.
Dean sighs, swinging his feet from their place on the counter and pointing to the shelf next to the soda machine. “Gum’s there.”
She pulls out a silver knife, slashes it on her arm. She lets Sam pour some holy water on her hand. She goes through every test, staring at Sam’s face, willing him to believe her.
“Well, don’t get your panties in a twist,” the man says. He adjusts his grungy baseball cap and sticks out a thick hand. “Bobby Singer. Your coach.”
of it. “You—” She points at Cas, “And him,” she motions towards the open door, “are in love. Just admit it, get over it, and move on with your lives as a happy couple. I can’t fucking take it anymore.”
Air hisses through my teeth. “It’s just that my former girlfriend… that was her favorite drink. And it sounds so…so stupid when I say it like that, but you remind me of her and…yeah, I’m having a rough time.”
Dean’s smile falters. He glances at Sam— they both feel guilty for leaving Cas behind. Castiel catches this look, and is about to speak, but winces. A curl of blue Grace floats from his mouth, winding into the air and vanishing like smoke.
They’re brand-new Nikes, clean and sleek. In comparison, Dean’s shoes are scuffed, worn, generic store-brand. Castiel’s stomach churns uncomfortably, aware of something off-balance, unfair.
Dean glances around. They’ve outpaced everyone—it’ll be a while before anyone catches up. “Yeah,” Dean mutters unhappily. “Thanks.”
“Uh, some people in the fandom think you and Dean should, um, be, you know, together. In a romantic way.”
Cross-country camp at his old school in San Francisco was difficult, but at least he had his brothers to run with and someone to drive him home after practice.
“Who the fuck is this asshole?” Castiel hears one of the boys say to his friend. The boy has dirty-blond hair and freckles, lots of them, dotting his face and his arms. His ears start roaring, and he doesn’t hear what the other boy says in response. When his ears roar, Castiel knows, his face turns bright red as an accompanied humiliation. He turns away, his chin dropping to the ground as he takes one deep breath, then another.
The house lights were on and the door was unlocked. I left the groceries in the car and fumbled with the doorknob.
The world isn't as vivid as it was. It’s softer, in muted maroon instead of bright red, stormy periwinkle instead of sky blue. The world’s calmer, when I’m with Cas, not the wild, passionate whirlwind of Lisa.
Dean, you’re not gonna find anything. Not this time. And I’m— (he pauses, smiling slightly. He looks calm, at peace.) I’m happy. And I can say that now, without fear. I can
Sam’s hand hovers around the wound, as if trying to cure it. Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t want to die, but he’s past the point of no return.
“Don’t let that dumb kid rattle ya, okay?” Bobby’s gruff voice says from above. “It’s growin’ pains; he’ll settle down and make nice soon enough.”
They walk back to camp, Castiel supporting Dean while Dean swears viciously and hobbles on his left leg. It doesn’t take that long, but to Castiel it feels like an eternity. Dean’s hand is warm and sweaty on his arm, and Castiel feels its imprint a long time after he leaves.
Dammit, Cas, let us help you. You saved my skin at the cost of your own for the hundredth time and— and I won’t let you do that.
Dean moves to sit on the bed, a respectful distance away from Castiel. He sets the plate and mug on the bedside table. Castiel shifts into a sitting position. Dean looks at Cas, and we think he is about to speak—
“Oh, it’s you,” Dean says, cheeks flushing a deep, embarrassed red. “What do you want, Novak?” The unfriendliness is palpable in his tone, so different from the relaxed, even happy state of a moment earlier.
Dean snickers. “Crying over hot elven chicks, is that right? Damn, Sammy, I know you’re desperate to get laid, but this is a new—”
Finally, Dean in a hospital bed, surrounded by his family. He grasps Sam’s hand, looks at Cas like he’s trying to memorize his face. They are all old. They are all satisfied with their lives. Dean smiles, closes his eyes.
Sam sits at the table, hands in his hair, still poring over the books. His plate is empty— Dean is a good cook. He is unaware of the conversation his brothers are having inside Castiel’s room.
Thought you’d be able to magic yourself one of those from thin air, up here. Service not working lately?
“No shame.” Dean gives her the laptop. “I have worse on my—anyway. You were crying over Harry freakin’ Potter, Sam?”
Behind, there is a flutter of wings. The light bulbs blow out, glass shattering on the ground. Sam freezes, hoping against all odds—
Dean flips the omelet off the pan and onto a plate, setting it in front of Sam, who barely looks up.
And then, as the song concludes, Dean pulls to a stop. At the end of the road is Cas, and Sam standing behind him, waiting. They stand on a bridge that stretches over a river. The sun is just beginning to set. Dean gets out of the car, closing Baby gently.
Scratch that about loving Bobby—Castiel has never hated anyone more. “Um.” His heart begins to thump inside his chest as he meets the gaze of the blond boy, the one with freckles. He quickly shifts his eyes to the grass. “My name is Castiel Novak. I moved here from San Francisco this summer. I don’t know what else to say.” He looks appealingly at Bobby.
Castiel took the cup from Sam and downed the entire thing in one go, basically inhaling it. Once it was gone he stepped further into the bathroom before closing the door. Dean and Sam wandered into the kitchen to began preparing breakfast. For a time, it was quiet, neither brother talking.
“Charlie! Shut up.” Dean growled, not really angry just annoyed. Charlie shut her mouth and looked at Castiel with a guilty look.
that now. I know I drove you and your brother away from me.” John said. “I never meant to push you boys away, I wanted you to have the life I never had. I went without a lot of the luxuries I gave to you.”
“Dean, I don’t know if I can. I have never had a family, never had anyone to look up to. Technically I’m still property of the state.” Castiel said “If my social worker finds out I’m pregnant I will lose the baby. The state will take them.”
Castiel leaned against the bathtub, trying to will away the nauseous feeling. He had been sitting on the bathroom floor since two that morning and it was now two-forty, but any time he moved he would feel sick again. Finally, Castiel could not handle it and he pushed himself to his feet, ignoring the sick feeling as he moved back to his room and grabbed his phone. The teenager dropped onto his bed, hoping that whatever was left in his stomach would stay there.
Dean sat down at his desk to begin preparing for the next class when Jodi Mills, the assistant principal, walked into his room.
“I figured you’d want food and coffee even though you’re leaving.” Sam said handing both of them to his older brother. Dean grinned at the seventeen-year-old.
“Brady. Apparently they hooked up after the football game a month ago. When I told her, I wouldn’t go to the party at his house. They got drunk and hooked up.” Sam said, his voice cracking. “I broke up with her.”
Dean packed up his classroom, making sure all the tools were put away and nobody had left garbage in the shop or the classroom. He was just about to shut off the light when Benny; his best friend and co-worker, stepped into the classroom.
“Please, when can we do it?” Dean asked. Doctor Ricardo turned to the computer in the corner, looking at his own schedule.
Castiel woke sick to his stomach and the teenager whined pitifully, rolling onto his stomach hoping the feeling would pass. When it did not, he pushed himself up to search for Sam when a sudden bout of nausea hit him, and he rushed to the bathroom. Castiel dropped to his knees in time to violently throw up in the toilet. The omega whimpered when his stomach cramped again, he gagged hoping for some relief. The sound of the Impala had the young omega yearning for his alpha. He pushed himself to his feet, flushed the toilet and rinsed his mouth before going greet Dean at the door. As soon as the door opened Castiel could smell another alpha and he cocked his head curiously. Dean walked in the trailer with an older man behind him, the older man looked a lot like Sam, but with Dean’s green eyes.
“Babe, you okay?” Dean asked. He pushed himself out of bed and wandered into the hallway, leaning against the bathroom door.
“Hell yeah.” Dean replied. “Lemme just text Sammy and tell him I’ll be home late.” Dean grabbed his phone off his desk and opened the last message he had sent Sam.
“Hey babe, is everything okay?” Dean answered after a while. His voice was thick with sleep and Castiel suddenly felt bad for waking him up.
“I don’t know if it is or isn’t but let’s get you an appointment with an OB and see what we can find out.” Dean said
“Give me a moment to get dressed and I will come talk to you.” Dean said. Missouri nodded and stepped out of the room, pulling the door closed behind her.
“Well you can start by being there when I graduate in June.” Sam said. John nodded, his eyes on the floor.
“No, I’m scared Sammy. But I can’t let Cas know that. I have to be strong for him.” Dean said. “I’m the alpha.”
“In labor? Are you sure? He still has two months.” Sam asked. Castiel picked that moment to let out a loud yell as another contraction washed over him. “Never mind, I’ll get dressed and be up there with you guys in a minute.”
Dean went back into Castiel’s room to grab his phone and noticed that he had two messages from Sam and a missed call from Bobby. He opened the messages from Sam.
“Cas, babe you okay?” Dean asked. Castiel nodded and leaned his head back against the wall, closing his eyes when the slight movement sent pain shooting through him. Dean took a deep breath and stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him. Missouri picked up Castiel fifteen minutes later and took him to the ER to have his jaw checked. He was told his jaw was fractured and that they would need to wire it shut until it healed completely. After his jaw was checked an ultrasound tech was called in to make sure the pups were okay, once it was confirmed that they were all fine Missouri was given the okay to take the omega home where Dean was anxiously waiting for him.
“Yeah, I know. Worry about Cas okay?” Sam replied. “Now go jerk.” Dean smiled at the youngest Winchester before leading Castiel out the door. John turned to his youngest son then, studying him. Sam was tall, about six feet and he had lean muscle. His hair was a bit shaggy, but Sam had always kept his hair longer than his brothers.
“Let’s go to my place and I’ll introduce you to Cas.” Dean said. Dean led John out to the parking lot where his baby was sitting. John smiled at the sight of the beast of a car. He ran a hand down the side of the car, admiring her.
Dean set his phone on the couch next to him and wrapped his arms around Castiel, pulling the omega closer. The young man fell asleep not long after that, feeling content and happier than he had in a long time. An hour later Dean was woken by Castiel pushing back on him, slick had soaked the front of his jeans and his cock was hard and leaking. Dean groaned, grinding his cock on the teenager’s wet ass.
“Cas, you want my knot?” Dean gasped out. Castiel nodded frantically, pushing back on Dean’s cock, trying to get the large knot in his hole. Dean came quickly after that, his knot expanding fully and locking them together. As he came down from his high, his common sense came back, and his stomach suddenly felt like it was full of rocks. He looked down where he was tied to the teenager and he began shaking.
“Castiel is Dean’s true mate.” Sam said in explanation. “The school and the state didn’t see anything wrong with what happened. Dean went into rut because Castiel was in heat, he can’t be faulted for that. Plus, they haven’t had sex outside of that one heat Cas has had, not that I know of anyways.” Sam said. John sighed, trying to ignore the normal parental instincts he had to be upset about his oldest sleeping with and knocking up a minor.
“Before you two go Castiel I would like to get a urine sample. You were saying that you haven’t been able to keep anything down in the last two days. Have you had any fevers?” Doctor Ricardo asked.
“Just something I need to do.” Dean said. He walked down the short hall to the bathroom where Cas was resting his head on the sink. The omega looked a little shaky and Dean suddenly felt bad about leaving him.
“Yes, please. That helped last night.” Castiel replied. Sam wandered into the kitchen and came back with a glass of water and a ginger pill.  “I am starving.”
“Dean, please sit down. What I need to talk to you about is important.” Donna said. Dean sat down next to Castiel and looked up at the beta expectantly.
“Cas, babe? You okay?” Dean asked as Castiel moved away from him. The teenager had gone white and looked ready to throw up again. Castiel shook his head before vomiting once again, all over Dean’s pants and shoes.
“You will do no such thing.” Dean said, pulling the omega closer. Movement under his hand made the alpha smile until he heard Castiel gasp. “Hey you okay?”
“Cas, I can’t. You’re not even eighteen yet.” Dean said trying to pry the teenager off of him. Castiel wrapped himself tighter around Deans body, grinding his hard cock on the man’s leg. Dean took a deep breath, trying to keep himself calm, but instead inhaled Castiel’s sweet scent. Dean’s alpha roared to life then, shoving logic out of the way and Dean pushed the front door closed, pulling the omega to him, and kissing him roughly. Castiel purred happily, sucking Dean’s tongue into his mouth.
“Ok, lets go to bed.” Dean muttered, leading Castiel to his room. The omega lay down, closing his eyes. It was not long before the only sound in the room was his deep even breathing. Dean leaned over him and kissed his head, careful not to wake him before stepping out of the room and finding Sam in the kitchen with a thermos of coffee and a paper plate with bacon and two pancakes on it.
“Hey Dean, we got you guys some waters, gatorade, several microwave meals and those power bars you like.” Sam said. The teenager seemed completely unfazed by seeing his older brother naked and tied to one of his classmates.
“Don’t worry, all alphas have an instinct to protect, and that’s not a problem. What is a problem, is not controlling yourself and causing problems with other alphas.” Doctor Ricardo stated. The doctor then turned back to Castiel and asked him to lay back on the table and place his feet in the stirrups at the end. Castiel followed the instructions, keeping his eyes on Dean the entire time. Doctor Ricardo performed a basic exam on Castiel, before pulling out a scope and sliding it up into the omega to see his uterus. A grainy black and white image appeared on a screen to Dean’s left and both Dean and Castiel cocked their heads trying to make sense of what they were seeing. “Castiel is indeed pregnant, as you can see here there are I believe three pups. I can distinctly see two heads and what could possibly be a third, but it is too soon the know for sure.”
“Dean, what did you need?” Mrs. Hanscum asked. Dean looked up at the sweet beta and gave her a small smile.
“Dean, I believe I am in labor.” Castiel panted. He tensed as a contraction hit him. “Dean, we need to go, now!” The omega pushed himself to his feet with Dean scrambling to get up behind him. Dean pulled on his pants and a shirt before sliding his shoes on and grabbing his keys off his nightstand. He had not realized he had been making so much noise in his rush until both Sam and his dad stepped into the room.
“I’m sorry. I feel like this is better and you might feel the same way when you hear my reasoning behind my choice.” Dean said. “I had a student go into heat in my class last Monday and I took them home, with the plan of dropping them off and going home myself, but I found out that they are my true mate and I was thrown into rut. Donna I had sex with a minor, a student of mine and while I personally don’t regret what happened I don’t know if the school board will feel the same and allow me to still work in the district anymore.” Dean looked up, tears had built up behind his eyes and he tried to blink them back only to have a few escape and roll down his cheeks.
“I’m sorry Dean. I am uncomfortable and my back still hurts.” Castiel said. “I will just go sleep on the couch.”
“Th- three!?” Castiel squeaked out, his eyes widening comically. If it were not for the situation Dean would probably be laughing at the look on his boyfriend’s face; his own face probably mirrored the look on the teenager’s face.
“Now get out and let me get ready for class, go find Jess.” Dean chuckled, pushing his little brother. Sam blushed slightly at the mention of his girlfriend; he had met Jess when they were in ninth grade and when they both presented it was an instant connection.
“De’ is Cas pregnant?” Sam muttered, stepping out of his room. Dean turned to his younger brother. Sam had obviously just woken up, his shaggy hair was sticking up all over the place, he was squinting at the hallway light and he was still wearing his lounge pants.
“Alpha’s are supposed be strong, not show weakness.” Dean said. “Especially if I’m going to be a dad.”
“Well, he’s throwing up and you just suggested making an OB appointment. Not really hard to figure out.” Sam yawned. “You want some ginger Cas?”
“Donna needs you to come to her office. I can sit in your class until the meeting is over.” Jodi said.
“Yeah, she left last night.” Castiel replied. “Will you come…” Castiel stopped and sat up quickly before violently throwing up.
“Stop fighting bitch, you’ll love our knots. They’re bigger than Winchesters.” Crowley growled. Castiel growled back, snapping his teeth on Alistair’s cheek as he tried to scent mark the omega.
“It’s fine. Missouri has me listed as an emergency contact for you. I can check you out of school and get a sub for my last class that day.” Dean said.
The older alpha smiled politely at Castiel and put his hand out for him to shake. Castiel took his hand, shaking it firmly.
“Mr. Winchester I want to make you aware that there are risks to Castiel being pregnant at a young age, there are possibilities for many complications. I want you to understand that the pups might not make it, they might be early, or they might have some complications after birth. There are also some risks to Castiel as well, though that is less likely than the pups.” Doctor Ricardo said.  Dean let out a distressed whine at the thought of anything happening to his family.
“No, Castiel. You’re in heat, is there someone that can take you home?” Dean asked. Castiel shook his head.
“Dean, this is not normal morning sickness. I cannot keep anything down.” Castiel whined. “And I’m even throwing up when I have nothing in my stomach.”
“Mr. Winchester, I am extremely disappointed in both you and Castiel. I am concerned for what will happen to you should the state or district find out you had sex with a minor and I fear what will happen to Castiel. He is still in the foster system as I have not been able to finalize his adoption papers yet, they could take him from me.” Missouri said. Dean frowned slightly, thinking. He was about to reply when he smelled fear coming from the hallway behind him. He turned around to see the sixteen-year-old staring at them.
“Thanks Sammy.” Dean said. “Cas decided to go back to sleep, just let him rest, he had a rough night.”
“No, I’m on suppressants. I can’t be in heat.” Castiel said. Charlie shrugged, but did not press the subject.
“I’ve just had a very long talk with both Castiel and the boys who attacked him, this was not the first attack, but it was the worst. Castiel let me know that these attacks started just after you two had sex. Now I am not saying that I am surprised that it happened, I was hoping it would not and I wish it hadn’t. Lucifer, Alistair, and Crowley have been expelled and arrested for assault and attempted rape, but I fear that other alphas may try to knot Castiel. An unmated pregnant omega may look like fair game to some alphas and that worries me. There are two things you can consider; one is to have Castiel moved to an omega only school or you could claim him.” Donna said. “Now I normally wouldn’t condone the mating of a teenager, especially by a teacher, but in this case I would make an exception.”
“I think you’re in heat.” Charlie said quietly. Castiel’s head snapped up, he had not considered that; he had been on suppressants since he was ten.
“I should feed you.” Dean said pulling back before he was tempted to kiss the omega again. The alpha turned back to the griddle where Sam was pulling off the last pancake and starting the bacon. Soon the sound of sizzling bacon filled the air and the smell had Dean’s mouth watering. Castiel sat down at the table eying the stack of pancakes hungrily. Dean smiled, pulled a plate out of the cupboard as well as the syrup and set both down in front of the teenager. Castiel grabbed two pancakes, poured syrup over them until they were swimming in the sticky, sweet liquid before tearing into them like he had not eaten in days.
“I’ve put in my resignation. Once school is out I will be working with my uncle and my dad at their auto shop.” Dean said. Doctor Ricardo nodded thoughtfully.
When he was able to focus again the alpha was dragging him into his trailer and he could smell the intense arousal coming off the man in waves. Castiel purred quietly, nuzzling the alpha; trying the get his scent on him.
“Juss, a frashure.” Castiel muttered between his teeth. Dean pulled the omega to him, burying his face in Castiel’s neck, inhaling his scent.
“Dean it is okay.” Castiel said. “Do you think I’m not scared? I’m only sixteen, a junior in high school who is in foster care. I have no idea where my parents are, I was ditched at the police station when I was six and I’ve been in foster care since.”
“Alright babe, lets get you home.” Dean said pulling Castiel up with him. Dean drove back to the trailer court and stopped in front of his own trailer.
“Not yet baby. I need to talk to your guardian first.” Dean said. “But I’ll be more than happy to knot you again.” Castiel whimpered and nodded frantically, breath coming out in harsh pants. Dean pounded in a few more times before coming so hard he nearly passed out. When he came down from his high the front door to the trailer opened and Bobby stepped in with Sam right behind him.
It was not long before Dean had Castiel stripped and presenting on the couch. Dean licked his lips, his eyes glued to the teen’s ass. Slick dripped down Castiel’s legs and the omega scooped some up with a finger, sucking it into his mouth. He let out a low moan, eyes never leaving Dean’s green ones. Dean growled loudly and lurched forward, pressing his mouth to Castiel’s perfect ass, licking the slick straight from the source.
Just as they were about to strip off their boxers Castiel’s bedroom door opened to reveal a very stern looking Missouri. Dean jumped up, ready to defend himself before remembering that not only was he wearing the thinnest boxers he owned, but he was also sporting a massive erection. His face heated up, but he kept eye contact with Missouri.
“Oh, Dean!” Cas screamed out. “More please.” Dean pulled his mouth away, pulled his cock out of his jeans and shoved into Castiel’s hole, bottoming out. The sound that escaped Dean’s lips was inhuman as he finally got what he had been fantasizing about for the last two months. Dean pulled out to the tip and slammed back in roughly, repeating this action over and over until he felt his knot starting to expand.
“And I’ve gotta talk to Cas’ guardian.” Dean said. Castiel’s eyes went wide and he looked up at Dean.
“I won’t let that happen.” Dean said, kissing the omegas messy hair. “Mrs. Mosely what do you still have to do to get his adoption finalized?”
Castiel and the girls were released two days later, in time for them to hold a small funeral for Robert. As time wore on Dean and Castiel learned how to care for two pups, attend school and work. Castiel graduated with honors a year later and Dean surprised him with a beautiful farmhouse paid for by John. That summer Dean and Castiel were married and moved into their new home with their two rowdy toddlers. Sam moved in with them a few months later since their house was closer to Stanford then the trailer or even Bobby’s house was.
Dean's tapping and humming merge as one with the machines. Cas could watch Dean's hands as he sorts and cleans for any number of hours. He’d never caught Dean’s scent in the seven months they’ve worked together. Between Scent-B-Gone, the scent neutralizer sprays on the main floor, and so much soap and cleaner Cas could barely smell himself after a shift.
His Christmas confrontation with Gabe and New Year’s affair with Dean should have been his third and fourth clue, but apparently he needed it printed out in large letters: it wasn’t going to work.
. This is just a new development that’s caught you off guard. You’ve were able to keep the store running after your mom died and I know it killed a bit of you too, but you’ve done a lot of great work with it. Don’t let yourself get down because you aren’t living up to your memory of the great Mary Winchester.” She squeezed him tight and he was glad he had her to support him. “Now what are we doing tonight?”
