When Steve reached the kitchen, he discovered Tony broiling bacon on the stove, with the griddle warming and a packet of pancake mix besides an empty bowl. Wordlessly, Steve took over making the pancakes, leaving Tony to concentrate on not burning the bacon and, ten minutes later, they sat down together in the semicircular dining area looking southeast and, still in silence, ate their very belated breakfast.
The beam struck the shield and bounced back, the vibranium steel alloy doubling and redoubling the power. It struck War Machine exactly where Tony had intended, on the faceplate, sending it, and whoever was inside it, tumbling through the air. Tony, who was looking for it, saw the lights behind the helmet's eyes go out and punched the air in triumph, even as the flailing War Machine hit the valley side in an uncontrolled roll, dived downwards, still under power, and crashed into the rocks of the currently dry creek.
Tony might have known that, with SHIELD in charge, Coulson's funeral and sort-of wake would not go entirely to plan - at least for him.
Steve stood frozen in fear, staring at the surface of the ocean and finding no trace of machine or human. He activated the communicator in his ear. "Tony? Tony!" He could hear the note of panic in his own voice. "Jarvis, is Tony—?
But something, some impulse that he could not fight, drew him back to the shore, where a red and gold robot was falling from the sky, its eyes glowing white, as were the palms of its hands and the soles of its feet.
"You messed up my plans to keep the Avengers operational and able to meet the alien invasion that's almost certainly coming," Tony interrupted. "This business with Hydra, even with Barnes, is a distraction."
"Yeah, yeah. You're talking to a guy with an electro-magnet in his chest. I know about physical cost."
Maybe he should tell Lori that the instant Howard needed a safe place for his son and his... friend... to hide out, he had thought of the cabin, trusting her to do her best to keep them safe.
"The suit and the reactor were affected by Asgardian technology," Tony retorted stressing the last word. "I am not a ghost or a zombie, damn it."
Lightning struck – and in its light Tony could see figures materialising on the beach. Even as the light faded, waves crashed about them, then abruptly retreated, leaving them untouched, darker shadows against an angry wall of sea, battering at nothingness.
"Just bruised." Tony used his grip on Steve to haul himself painfully to his feet. "You've got battlefield first aid experience. Help Jan with Hank. I'll check the damage, see if I can contact Jarvis."
There was a (very) short attempt to use the prisoners as hostages, but Iron Man blasted into the cells, and guarded the prisoners as they made their escape.
"Easy, easy. Betty, hold your fire," he said, dropping the helmet he was still holding and raising both hands, palms towards the pilot. "Jarvis, is this Colonel Danvers?"
"I'll send Happy on some errand or other," Tony decided. "You can travel with him. Save on expenses because the airlines can't charge for an ant. You know, you're going to have to be careful with this when you go commercial. I'll get Pepper to— Or perhaps I won't. You want Jan with you?"
Jan was looking at him shrewdly, but what she said was, "Rules are made to be broken: that's my motto."
Judging by Steve's position, leaning against the door frame with his arms folded, showing off an inordinate amount of muscle, that suspicion was returned. "Name's Steve. Function: cook and bodyguard," he said, ignoring Tony's grimace in his direction.
Except, now he came to consider it, he didn't know why he thought that, could not isolate what was wrong, couldn't remember what air normally tasted like.
"Oh." Much as he tried to keep it in, a huge grin spread over Tony's face. "So can we have engagement celebration sex?"
One man, though, wasn't clad in the ubiquitous pyjamas but what appeared to be a green and yellow spandex suit that had been attacked by shears, and he was haloed in crackling light, his hands resting on a thick cable.
The instant the truck was stable, Happy emerged at speed through the rear doors and the rain. Iron Man gave him a lift up to the driver's door, and told him to, "Wait until we've cleared the way for you, then reverse this thing into the road and head back the way you came. Stop after half a mile. I'm sending a jet down to pick up you, your passengers and gear."
Tony was pretty damn sure that Hank was laughing at him, but he kept his expression neutral as he made a show of shaking his sleeves into place and pacing out of the room as if he wore a dress in public every day.
"Tesseract?" There was an eagerness in Rhodey's voice that told Tony that he ought to have watched his tongue.
"Really," Jan said, supporting Steve. "Somehow his abduction and Shuri's, not to mention what happened to the Hulk, are all tied together."
"And you're not a stranger here?" the agents' leader, a tall, Asian woman, demanded. She, at least, was not intimidated. "Whose side are you on?"
The odds were that someone – and someone known to him personally, one of his trusted inner circle – was leaking information to SHIELD, and someone or several someones in that collection of spies was promptly passing it on, maybe passing it out wholesale.
"That does it," Steve said. "You need a few hours sleep before you can even think about messing with delicate electronics.”
With her always-surprising strength, Natasha rolled Steve off Tony's chest and felt his neck for a pulse, then rolled up an eyelid. "Seems okay. Still out cold."
Thor – and there was no doubt about who he was now - thrust his hammer into his belt, though he did not move his hand far from it. His companion, who wore a green hooded cloak that hid his identity as securely as a mask would have done, lifted his head, revealing just a hint of dark blond beard, and raised a hand to signify caution.
Iron Man moved upwards, until his helmet and shoulders were above the water – or above the water intermittently, because the sea was choppy, despite the relative calm of the eye.
"Yes, I expected that – they'll have taken a look at Dad's patent and found out it isn't commercial without my upgrades, which aren't patented because I need to keep them out of anyone else's hands, at least for the moment. Point out to them that if they won't accept our terms there are other countries that will."
"Did you never refuse to obey an order, Cap?" Tony snarled. "'Cos that's not the way I heard it from Dad. He said you always did what you thought was right, and damn the consequences. That's why you're here, and not on the helicarrier."
The flight attendants, who were all male, possibly because Tony's reputation had preceded him, had not answered anything more complicated than questions about what wines were stocked. Queries about the time and place they expected to land had produced nothing but a smile and a headshake.
"It would be the first time since you hit the Academy." Tony squeezed his elbow. "I know what I'm doing."
Her handshake was firm, but her blue eyes assessed him without revealing her conclusions. "Pepper, please, Captain."
"According to Jarvis, it did. If I hadn't been – if Nat hadn't listened – if you hadn't been so damn reckless– I was on the other side of the continent and I nearly lost you!"
"Colonel James Rhodes," Steve amplified. "I know Tony said he'd tell you when and if we located him, but there's no trace—"
"They asked some ants. This is now my life. Have you listened to yourself? Those words coming from your mouth are just, well, wrong."
Natasha nodded. "Yes, but the public only count until the election votes are in. Washington takes far more notice of the special interests Stark's pissed off. Do I have to list them? Not just in the US but worldwide? The military, the oil companies, the power generating companies, the auto industry, the ship-building industry, the climate-change deniers, the gun lobby—"
This morning he had watched with an uneasy feeling in his stomach as Tony and Bruce dismantled the Vita-ray machine, then with disbelief as Hank and Jan
The device had been designed that so it would destroy anything up to Cap's shield. It should certainly deal with the wall, and, as a bonus, the light would overload and burn out the sensors of any digital cameras (or old-fashioned film cameras, come to that) that happened to be surveying the room.
"If I can't find it, we'll lay the explosives. If they don't work we'll have to get Tony or T'Challa," Steve told her.
When Tony picked himself up, he found that the temple was empty of life. Only the statue of the Panther god stood untouched, eyes glowing amber in the dust-filled air, their light falling on the bodies strewn across the crazed marble floor.
"Little busy right now, Rhodey," Tony replied as he checked the stealth function was active, then descended from the tree.
And the Hulk ... shrank, so swiftly it left an afterimage, as if he had been animated. Then there was just the Hulk, two inches tall, bewildered and furious.
"Be dead, I think." He took a deep breath, and Tony felt the hands on his shoulders tense. "Tony," Steve said, very carefully. "I don't ... want to spend tonight alone."
The warrior nodded a greeting from the middle of a ring of bodies, then put the tip of the sword to the blood-soaked ground and leaned on it. His eyes, blue as a summer sky, fixed on Iron Man.
Or because he hadn't offered to upgrade the War Machine? Rhodey must have seen the level of weaponry that had taken down more than one of the huge alien machines that he couldn't even move...
But even if that would work, even if Pepper would come back to him – and the odds on that were depressingly low – even if he could trust her – and he couldn't, not really – it would be using her. He had done enough of that in the past, placed her in danger too often, made promises he couldn't keep. He would not do it again.
"There are Asgardian ships that might match that description," Thor admitted, thoughtfully. "How large was it?"
Steve sat, carefully upright, on one of the seats flanking the massive irregular table that seemed to have been cut from an ancient redwood because no other tree could be that large, surely, while Tony talked his way through a series of phone and video calls – and what did he mean by telling Ms Bartowlski she was 'going to have to change the will yet again, sorry'? He knew better than to interfere, though once or twice he shook his head at some of Tony's more extravagant threats.
"You'd better be careful around that steam-punk pteradonish object," Iron Man told them cheerfully. "Captain America saw what he describes in his usual forties idiom as 'bombs' in the belly of the beast. Actually, they look more like giant eggs – fragile eggs with rotten contents. They could contain anything from smells to smallpox."
Steve shoved his hands in his pockets and stared moodily over a landscape that was as strange to him as any he had seen in the twenty-four years he had been awake. Evening was closing in, mercifully shrinking the vastness of sky and fields down to a more human scale, though the setting sun touched the blades of the ridiculously tall windmills – wind powered turbines, apparently – blood red as they turned relentlessly.
Emergency vehicles were still racing to the scene, so Iron Man intercepted an ambulance, offloaded the unconscious ornithopter pilot with instructions to call the cops, and took off again, with Steve still clinging to his back.
"And you can? See in the dark, that is?" Tony asked, even as he obligingly climbed out of the driver's seat and let the Wakandan take his place.
There was a sound of a window winding down and he could see the back of the driver's head as he leant towards it.
Jan laughed. "There is one place Tony likes to be underestimated, and that's in business." She hesitated, then went on, much more seriously, "My Mom once said to me that until he turned eighteen, everything Tony did was an attempt to gain his father's attention, and everything he did after that was an attempt to piss him off. Apparently successfully."
"Jarvis nailed the location of three cameras covering the area around Carter's grave. I thought that was overkill at the time, but only one of them feeds into this security system. As for that one, I don't think I ever came within camera range, either tonight or yesterday afternoon, but there ought to be footage of you laying flowers on the grave and there doesn't seem to be anything at all. Nothing with a time stamp for today, in fact."
"It was after the alien invasion and the Battle of Manhattan that we were contacted again, this time via our own communication systems. Whoever it was was very angry. According to them, Mr Stark, you had gained access to the vibranium we had refused to supply to them – and they were convinced we had supplied that vibranium, however much we might deny it.
"Run!" he snarled, pushing her back towards the doors because he couldn't leave Happy like this and—
" Tony's rising voice reflected the horror of the revelation. "Wong told me the Infinity Stones are singularities. If an Infinity Stone has a quantum existence and just manifests as a Stone in Space-Time, its destruction would affect every instant, every location..."
When he entered, he found Thor was leaning against the wall beside the door, and no longer wearing his armour. However, the jeans and tight red tee only served to emphasise his size and muscle, and with his hammer lying on his crossed arms, he was plainly guarding the exit.
"Good morning, Captain," Jarvis greeted him. "It is 10:30 am, EST. The weather is fine, with a light cloud cover. Outside temperature is sixty-five degrees Fahrenheit and humidity is at seventy-five per cent. There is a ten per cent chance of rain in the afternoon."
Fury rolled his eye and ignored that. "Hill says you went looking for Captain America, even after she told you he was as good as dead."
"You could always put my clothes on over your clothes," he suggested. "They're big enough but not too big."
Not to Tony, though, because the HUD contact looked more like War Machine than any of the other contacts.
Jan braked. "I could murder a cold beer," she said, and Steve waved her towards the cooler. "Do you want me to make coffee?"
Pain tightened in Tony's chest and, for a moment, he couldn't breathe as memories overwhelmed him, of sitting with Pepper and Steve, candlelight limning their beautiful – loved – faces, arguing long into the night with all their passion and wit and intelligence, lost beyond recall.
Instantly, every weapon the War Machine possessed – and there were a lot of them – was levelled at it.
Admit it, he lectured himself. It's not because she's Stark Industries CEO, it's because she's Tony's girl, and you're not at all sure if she trusts you. And you suspect that, if she decides she doesn't want you here, Tony will go along with her.
Iron Man landed a few feet in front of him, causing panic among the SHIELD agents, with much levelling of pistols and rifles.
"Remember to hack the alarm. We don't want to wake anyone," Steve said as he leaped down to land lightly amid the plant containers on the roof terrace outside Tony's suite. He was already reaching for the handle of the French doors when Tony's urgent voice snapped over his earbud, "Cap! Wait!"
"Well, Captain Rogers appears to have loaned it to a C.S.J. Danvers who filed the flight plan. That, from the security description, is the woman who forced her way in to see me, demanding I put her in contact with you."
Bracing himself, he glanced down at the dressing, which was crusted brown with dried blood, then screwed it up and threw it towards the wastebasket. His hands were shaking so much he missed.
Until, quite suddenly, he was awake and aware of a different set of voices. He did not bother opening his eyes, but tuned in on the low-voiced conversation, some voices familiar, some not.
Fury ignored him, his one eye still fixed on the Chitauri transport. "There's an airfield up in New Hampshire. Almost completely disused now. Parts of it are polluted, which makes it unsuitable for building. But you know this because you own it. Your Grandfather built airships in a hangar that's still the largest in civilian hands on US soil."
The shower was perfect and cleared his mind as well as cleaned his body. And the first thing that occurred to him with his newly awakened memory and reason was that the last time he had woken, Jarvis had called Stark immediately.
There was much muttering around the table and angry glares directed at the Ancient One as well as at Tony and Natasha.
"Yeah, even I can pour Cheerios into a bowl. Off you go." Tony gave Steve a slap on the rear and made his own exit before Steve could contemplate retaliation.
The suit was already dismantling itself and flying into a semi-circular niche in the curving wall, where it reassembled and powered down, leaving its occupant standing on the dais, clad in a rumpled dress shirt and expensive black pants.
Tony leaned his elbows on the table, avoiding the empty coffee mugs, his chin on his hands, and eyed Clint and Natasha over the top of his sunglasses. He wasn't going to be subtle. They didn't appreciate subtle. "You owe me and Steve a real big favour."
"Teleportation?" Tony suggested. "Or maybe they just disintegrated. Could be a failsafe mechanism. It's what I'd've done if there was a possibility another race might get their hands on them."
"Excuse me, Ms Romanoff, but that is not the case," Jarvis said. "There have been no wifi communications, either at the Triskelion or the helicarrier, or between them since the evening of the ninth. There is none now."
"Yeah. All hunky-dory," Steve sounded harassed but at least he was alive. "Widow, do not, repeat not engage hand to hand. Once down, these... things... explode. Hawkeye, use long range weapons only."
"Well," he shot back, "you can argue possession with the Mayor and SHIELD, if you can shout loud enough to be noticed."
"I'll never say 'no' to you. I found your shield, by the way," Tony went on, moving to rest his forehead against Steve's. Though his face was hidden, he was shaking slightly, and his voice totally failed to hide his emotions as he said, "It's a bit scorched. Will need a new paint job."
Except that he couldn't, couldn't have done so anyway, with Jan injured, and with the certainty she would have insisted on coming with him – and right now he couldn't even argue with her.
"Well, thank you for finally being honest," Tony said, his voice raw with irony. "When you had no other choice!"
He had so few friends, and he wanted, strongly, to be friends with this woman. And he didn't have much time. Perhaps it was worth the risk,
"It isn't. Not while I’m in the suit. Also, I have Jarvis, and he can keep an eye on me for you, if you really feel like that."
He really had no choice. "You have it," Steve said, even as he draw back his own shield and took aim, hoping he could down the aircraft if it kept heading for the house.
For some reason it appeared that this was not welcome news. Tony looked dismayed. "Do you also remember using Hawkeye's real name to Pepper?" he demanded.
There was no point at which their lives really touched, no shared experiences or points of reference.
It turned out to be astonishingly easy. Plainly, the builders had assumed that fear of the Panther God would be enough to keep intruders at bay. The stone at the rear of the temple was more rough-hewn, heavily weathered and easy to climb. It took them less than a minute to scale it and, crouching low, make their way across the roof, which formed a square around what Steve presumed was an open light well in to the temple.
Scratch that. Steve had simply reached across, found the edge of the hidden compartment, and wrenched it free, throwing it out of the car before, pulling out the Stark Special pistol and cocking it. "Get us off this road!"
"She doesn't need to. Jay, check on a Twitter hashtag called 'herospot' for sightings of the War Machine armour in the hours before we were attacked. See if there are similar hashtags and check them too. Also, Facebook. There are bound to be dozens of pages tracking superheroes. See if you can plot War Machine's path and trace it back to source."
He wondered if he should offer to upgrade these, given the number of backdoors and general hole-iness his AI had discovered.
"SSP?" He hoped it was just an engineering problem. Though the Stark Special Projects manager had his cell phone number and wouldn't be calling through the Tower anyway...
Pepper ignored her. "I see you lost no time in renting out my room now I'm not here to take out the trash, Tony."
Iron Man was first on the scene of the crash, but the air above the seething water was crowded with a mixture of SHIELD vehicles, all looking a little unsteady because they were overloaded with people. SHIELD command must have had some warning then, to be able to evacuate that many of its personnel.
"Tony's right about calling the Iron Man armour, particularly if you don't want to involve your people. Apart from that, our priority must be to separate the Hatut Zeraze and White Wolf's other allies from their outside support. That means finding and destroying the portals here in Wakanda."
Steve hadn't known what to expect, but it certainly wasn't the huge mansion behind its high walls and wrought-iron gates. Tony drove the ordinary-looking but, he had been told, supercharged, convertible through those gates and along the sweeping drive between the manicured trees and lawns. He parked in front of the house, where a number of teenagers were sitting or standing casually on the front steps, plainly interested and trying not to show it.
Howard looked at him assessingly. "Okay." This time the smile wasn't forced; indeed, it was more than a little smug. "Oh, I've been meaning to tell you – Virgil Potts called. Pepper arrived back yesterday. I told Virgil to bring her on over tonight. Consider it an additional birthday present."
"Bruce wouldn't—" Steve stopped dead, his eyes on Tony's pain-creased and bloodstained face, because, while Bruce might not, the Hulk plainly would. "How badly are you hurt?"
"The point of that proverb is that one bad apple will make the whole barrel rotten," Steve pointed out. "But there's no use worrying about it tonight – this morning. You need to sleep."
"A hostile alien from another dimension," Tony said, at much the same time. "Though I won't dispute that it eats people."
West would take him even deeper into this type of country, with California, that he didn't understand, beyond. North was still cold. He feared the cold, feared falling back into sleep never to wake again.
"What is Thor's reaction likely to be when a second hammer arrives," she asked now. "Will he be able to trace it here?"
Pepper nodded, though she was still looking at him as if he had grown a second head. Perhaps the Van Dyke was coming in faster and thicker than he believed.
And got that wide smile that was so unlike the plastered-on grin of the propaganda films. "Just a Brooklyn kid from the '40s."
being leased to SHIELD without my knowledge and despite my explicit instructions? What did you do there? Slip it in with a batch of routine paperwork? I don't think so, because you know that I speed or skip read most of that, and that the ship's name would have leaped out at me. I think you forged my signature – and your ability to do that was one of the reasons I hired you, remember?"
"Perhaps. Are you afraid I will attempt take the three Stones you carry from you? No, Mr Stark, the Time Stone is already too much of a burden. I do not envy you."
His immediate assessment was that they had no intention of killing the woman, but the numbers involved seemed excessive. The danger came from the men with the automatic weapons, though what they were looking for remained unknown.
Swallowing a comment about mixed metaphors, Tony said, "So they set that booby trap in his apartment."
Danvers strode across the tarmac, heat haze rising about her like the foam around Aphrodite, as if she owned the world. Steve, at her heels, his face carefully expressionless, could only admire her
"If you cannot see the display," Jarvis said, "it would appear that I did not deploy the filters in time... Also, the room is full of some sort of gas. My analysis is not complete, but it appears to be toxic—"
"If I had they would have been dead. And perhaps Steve and I would have been too. It wasn't an accident, Pepper."
"You really don't want to know, Pep. Really. Sealed lips, huh?" He leaned across the desk and kissed her soundly.
Those weren't the only things from the mine that were loaded onto the plane. The four crates containing what turned out to be refined vibranium were also placed on board before T'Challa's people left, along with a note from the Panther himself, which said, simply: "Because you didn't ask or try to bargain for this. And because I want you to succeed. Guard it well."
He hoped the storm was going that way, but much faster than he was. He certainly did not want to surface in the midst of it, but if it came to a choice between surfacing in rough seas and his oxygen running out – or, more likely, the carbon dioxide choking him – then he would have to risk the wind and waves.
It was not unexpected. Pepper had no real connection with New York, while Tony had been born there. "Do you want to borrow the Malibu house for a while?" he asked.
Under the city-smog-hazed stars the swimming pool rippled with eerie blue light, reminding him uncomfortably of the Tesseract and the portal it had generated. It was the first time since the Battle of Manhattan that he had seen the pool with the underwater spotlights switched on.
Tony lifted their joined hands to his lips and kissed Steve's knuckles. "No, I trust you not to let me let it happen. And I might be imagining the whole thing."
"Steve." Howard reached out and turned the chair, so he could grasp his shoulder. "Steve, there's no mistake. Both Tony and I saw you on the SHIELD helicarrier when you were on life support. You're not easy to forget. And you've seen the Army photographs and film dating from when you fought in World War 2, though you were wearing the Captain America uniform in both. And there's the way your wounds healed. That's the super soldier serum, which has never been duplicated."
"If I was going to sleep I would've gone with the others. Better beds," Tony answered, lifting his head, but making no move to back out of Steve's embrace. "There's something I – we – have to do first."
As they entered the house, Jarvis said, "The aircraft carrying Lieutenant Storm is due to land at Travis Air Force Base in seventeen minutes."
He took half a dozen deep breaths before closing his eyes, bending forwards and sliding down beneath the water surface.
There was a good thirty seconds of silence, then Clint said, "Nat, we have accomplished a miracle: we have silenced Tony Stark."
"Indeed, sir.  If you had dialled this number from New York, Captain, you certainly would not have reached any number in the UK without adding 011 44 and subtracting the first zero.  Furthermore that is not a Winchester number, but a London one.  Or it would be if it were not a digit too long. I cannot find it listed in any telecom company records, either here or in the UK.  I suspect it transfers to a cell somewhere in the United States."
Knowing better than to remark on it, Steve just held him tightly and waited for some kind of explanation.
"Oh, and the rest of the so-called 'Avengers'? Are they funded by this 'charity'? Or are they just some kind of tax dodge?"
To his delight, he'd made Betty chuckle. "I'm sorry to trouble you over there in LaLa land," she said. "Have I interrupted anything?"
These dismal thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of tea – hot and sweet – and soup; consommé for Tony, borsht for Natasha, followed by noodles with chicken and vegetables. Neither felt hungry, but they knew better than to refuse the gift of food when it was needed. With the first mouthful, they suddenly realised how much they needed to eat, and wolfed the lot in record time. It was an odd meal, but it seemed to be just what they needed. Tony, who professed not to like any kind of tea, was coaxing a last half cup out of the big pot when there was a bustle at the door, and the Ancient One entered in company with a brown-skinned woman in her thirties, with her hair tied back in a long plait, and the red dot of a married Hindu woman on her forehead. She was also carrying the proverbial medic's black bag, though it was not as proverbially little.
"Now," Tony said, settling next to Steve on the long seat underneath the windows, "tell us the whole story. Jarvis, record this please."
The plane having come to a stop, Tony straightened, picked up the suitcase containing the armour and bolted down the steps. A still-grinning Steve followed at his heels.
"I've established the links that mean I can take down our technical barriers from here," T'Challa said, his voice muffled not only by the White Wolf mask but because his head and one shoulder were inserted into the space behind an access panel that was lying at his feet, "I must again remind you that two levels of deception protect Wakanda: the technological and the magical. I can do nothing about the latter from here."
"Magic of magnetism," Tony said, but he was shaken. From the moment he'd walked into the room he'd been trying to take control of the Doombot's circuits via Extremis, and failing. Now this... thing... controlled his armour, apparently without effort.
"The armour has some unexpected design flaws," Tony said, with a grimace. "No room for a full-on hard-on in the suit."
"This is your patient," the Ancient One said, completely ignoring the presence of Tony and Natasha. "He was involved in an explosion that was both physical and mystical. He has been unconscious since then."
Tony's guffaw was spontaneous – and very relieved. "Bad guess. And why stop at one woman? After all, I never commit to anyone, do I?"
"I was frozen in the Arctic; I woke up in New York. I have no idea how long I was in their hands before—"
Jarvis broke in urgently: "Captain, that aircraft is exactly like the one Colonel Danvers was flying when she flagged down Iron Man."
"Let Stark go!" Captain America, in full uniform, strode into the room, pausing in front of the open elevator doors, shield raised. "You wanted me. Here I am. You have three seconds to release him."
When he'd got the water out of his eyes he was relieved to find Steve hadn't left but was sitting on the edge of the pool, his legs in the water, watching him. Tony folded into a cross-legged position beside him and removed his shoes, shaking the water out of them.
Tony shrugged within Steve's grip. "I thought you'd have realised that we have to pick up Thor and his people. Every minute they're on the road they're in danger." He tried to step back, but Steve wouldn't let him.
"Hey—" Tony began, only to find Bruce's hand over his mouth. He chewed at it, and received a rap on the back of the head for his pains.
"Isn't it?" Tony was almost giddy was triumph. "I don't buy this great-niece thing either, Carter. It doesn't explain why you look exactly like Peggy. Only blonde."
Steve didn't say anything further, just wound arms and legs around him and kissed every inch of skin he could reach – which wasn't half enough, if he'd asked Tony.
appearing weak, and in front of Captain America of all people... He couldn't say 'thank you' or 'sorry' – he just couldn't – but he was too frightened by the thought of being left alone again to snarl at him.
"They've said much the same about you and me – and Bruce too – or if they haven't then they certainly will," Tony retorted. "But they're all too fucking ready to
to the World Security Council – but at least the US had permanent membership of the WSC and it was packed with their allies, so it gave them the illusion of control. So when you made it damn clear that the Avengers were going to be an independent force, financed by private capital but based in New York, practically every politician threw a tantrum."
"Jarvis" he shouted again, snatching up North's knife and severing the ropes around his ankles. As the armour came rocketing towards him, he spread his arms and it enfolded him like a lover.
"You haven't answered my question," the President pointed out, as she rose and made her way over to the door, silent on stockinged feet. "Are you here to kill me?"
Instantly, he twisted in the air to hit that glass feet first. It starred and cracked but did not shatter, throwing his feet to one side. Then he was sliding down the fuselage, scrabbling for purchase.
That did not take long, and then it was Tony's turn to leap across to the log. His jaw was set hard in a way Steve recognised, but he knew better than to say anything. T'Challa was plainly ready to catch him if he toppled, but Tony was plainly equally determined that he was going to prove himself capable of anything the king of Wakanda could throw at him and he traversed that gap and the improvised wharf successfully.
The rage building inside Tony exploded. "So it's 'my country right or wrong' now? Even when you're working for unelected thieves? Jarvis! See that Colonel Rhodes leaves the Tower without taking anything with him, then revoke his privileges."
Almost before he had time to decide on a plan, Steve was swinging over the balcony rails. He dropped the thirty feet to the terrace above the drive that curved up the mound, rolling on impact and coming to his feet already into the first stride of a dead run, jumping the terrace balustrade and pounding up the drive towards – he hoped – an entrance to the house or armoury.
If it hadn't been for the beacon of light that was Stark Tower, Steve would have found it difficult to make his way through a nighttime New York that reminded him uncomfortably of wartime Blackouts. At least there were no buildings in flames to distract him, and the headlight on the Harley was perfectly legal, though he would probably not have considered weaving his way down the wrecked streets if he hadn't had enhanced senses and reflexes.
"They didn't know until I arrived there," Tony's voice said from behind him. Steve looked round in time to see him shrug. "Just another coincidence."
Steve guessed that Howard was hoping that the sight might jog a memory, but apart from the growing feeling of dislocation, of a world just a little out of kilter, there was nothing.
As the SUV continued along a dirt road hidden beneath overlapping branches, Tony suddenly said, "This was my mother's favourite place. She used to breed horses here – Arabs and Andalusians. Her will left the pasture and stock to Lori – her farm manager – and her family. But the wild land beyond and the cabin on the lake are mine. Until last week they were held in trust for me. Something Stane never got his hands on," he added grimly.
"What's what?" Tony didn't appear to expect an answer, because his faceplate dropped down, giving him access to technology that far outstripped Steve's serum-enhanced vision.
So did Tony. "Okay, okay," he said, unable to keep defeat out of his voice. "I can't stop you leaving, but at least wait until you're stronger, and give me time to set up a trail of accounts that you can access but can't be traced back to me, so you'll have money for clothes and food and transport at least."
Tony touched Steve's arm, nodded towards Hank, then stepped sideways, the Hulk's eyes following him as he moved clear of Steve, drawing the beast's attention.
Disorientated, he raised his head and peered through the blanket of fog, unable to discern where the shore might be. Or, to be honest, and if it hadn't been for gravity, where the sky was. "Iron Man?" he asked into his com. Then, when there was no response, "
Tony waggled his eyebrows at Howard. "You want me to take his fingerprints too? I daresay if they have records I can find them. Though I'd have to break into the Pentagon if they're on paper."
"Not a secret anyone could expect to keep. Besides, Stark, someone made Rogers disappear from our systems."
"No, what you need to know is who's going to answer that cell," Tony said firmly, because it was a puzzle and he wasn't letting go of it yet. "Jarvis, is Fury using his cell?"
At first under the darkness of the smoke, then in the darkness of evening, Steve worked side by side with the rescue teams.
Jan, clad in what looked like loose cotton pyjamas, was sitting cross-legged on a low bed covered haphazardly with brightly striped blankets. Now she leaped to her feet and flung her arms around him, ignoring the fact that she was hugging a suit of armour, whose presence Tony also regretted.
As Tony stepped forward to greet the pair of ambassadors he deliberately donned his public persona instead of the tux he wasn't wearing. Unfortunately, his always wayward imagination immediately dubbed his visitors 'Laurel and Hardy'. One was tall enough to make Thor look, if not small, at least average, but straight and lean, wearing a tuxedo of surpassing quality, while the other was short and rotund and wore white robes and an embroidered cap.
"And out of jail. Yeah, I know. Must keep your schedule free, Dad." Tony flashed a smile at him and accelerated into a jog.
Steve, who had faced down Panzer tanks heading straight towards him, was almost knocked from his feet. Somehow, he managed to retain his balance while catching her up so that that force of her rush was, at least, dissipated.
"So, you're supposed to be the engineering genius, Stark, and I guess you are. You also claim to be a patriot. Will you construct gear to help us move this – damn it, I refuse to call them 'space dragons'?"
Steve gave himself a mental shake; so he was in the future. Deal with it, Rogers. "Can you tell me how to work the shower?" he asked.
The armour encased him then, and he locked the elbows and knee joints so that he would not drop the man in his arms, the man who had also lost everything, and now, because of Tony himself, had probably lost everything twice over.
"And your evidence of his existence, let alone that he is here, is still ..." Tony looked them all up and down insolently, "...absent." Out of the corner of his eye he had spotted at least one civilian making a break for it. Keep their attention on him and more might escape.
"Jan, if anyone tries to go through the portal, stop them!" Tony ordered, preparing to blow a hole in the rock wall.
Thor's expression was grave: "In Asgard, he came close to choosing death – and it was your name that called him back to life."
Tony had first seen Cap in the ice while he himself was under sentence of death as a result of his encounter with Mallen, SHIELD's own super-soldier experiment gone wrong. After taking a tiny dose of Extremis himself, and becoming enhanced physically and mentally, he thought he understood a little of what the man had gone through.
Tony waited five minutes after Clint had gone before he climbed down the fire escape and made his way back inside.
If Steve was relieved to see T'Challa, it was nothing to that he felt when he recognised Tony following in their wake, alive and on his feet, even though his hands were tied behind him and he was being guarded by four members of the Hatut Zeraze.
In the aftermath of the devastating events at Panther God's temple, there are still enemies for Tony to face, some of them unexpected...
was Tony's instinctive reaction, but he knew Jan just as well as she knew him; too well to say that aloud.
Tony took a deep breath, plainly steadying himself, then said, quietly. "We make a good team, Cap, and we have a better chance of finding out who attacked us and why – and preventing them from trying again – if we work together. Even if there are just the two of us, we're the Avengers. Now, please, come home."
"Jury's still out on that," Clint said. "I'm reduced to attempting internet genealogy with Jarvis's help. How sad is that?"
"Steve's still recovering from his temporary demise, and I've been in the armour for hours," Tony said, hoping they couldn't see the dressing strapped to Steve's back.
Pepper ignored that in favour of turning a gimlet stare on the Gulfstream's pilot, who had approached quickly on sighting Pepper.  His response was to pause a good ten feet away, looking as if another step would take him into quicksand.
"Hush." Steve reached out and rested the back of his hand against Tony's forehead. He fully expected the other man to shove him away, but, unexpectedly, Tony leaned into the touch.
Fuck it, he really should have loosed that worm in SHIELD's computers. "Yeah," Tony said, "Bruce mentioned that in his analysis. What about the body in the lobby?"
"Can Huginn and Muninn speak to the Prince of Lies even on the Isle of Truth?" the enormous man asked.
"Shields to maxim—" Tony yelled at Jarvis before being silenced as Iron Man was tossed aside by the storm of falling rock, which battered him to the floor, burying him beneath its weight, leaving Tony bruised and gasping.
"No problem." Tony was scribbling on the pad. Not just his name, then, but a personal message. He tore the paper from the pad, folded it, and handed it to Parker. "Look after him."
Tony's breath caught in his throat. He imagined Bruce – intelligent, cautious, his shoulders' hunched, hair unkempt, eyes haunted behind his spectacles – and shook his head. He was trembling as he tried to contain his anger on behalf of his friend.
Steve couldn't imagine why he'd tried to avoid this. He slid his hands down the curves of Tony's back, found his ass, and lifted him a little, fitting their groins together, letting his arousal speak for him. And, oh, God, Tony was just as hard, just as aroused.
Footsteps approached, loud enough to be made by boots worn by someone heavy. Something metallic poked into his shoulder.
"Maybe not with that, but the same people kidnapped him and Princess Shuri," Steve said. Then, as Tony turned to glare at him, he added, "And they were using the same tech as the mercenaries in Wakanda. Including their transportation portal."
"Who were those guys, anyway?" he asked Betty and Jan. "And why did that helicopter crew kill their own men?"
"So would I." Steve meant it, but thought it odd that Pepper was now concentrating so completely on the steaks. And that she didn't mention Bruce. "You knew Phil Coulson?"
Knowing that his first thrown stone, had, of necessity, probably done just that, Steve shrugged. "This one seems to be the leader." He knelt down and began to search the unconscious man. "I hope he's carrying the portal control. Keep watch for me while I try to figure it out."
He was fascinated by Tony, awed by his brilliance and courage and horrified by his reckless arrogance at the same time. Everything he had been told about him before they met had suggested he embodied all that he hated about the twenty-first century, and that seemed to be confirmed in Stuttgart and on the helicarrier. When they had started working together away from Loki's influence, fighting at each other's side, they had been instinctively in tune, a disturbingly perfect partnership.
." There was love as well as exasperation in Miss Potts' voice. "You've sent the Avengers away, made yourself the only visible target – and I could have come home to bury you..."
"Fuck it, give me some warning if you— Steve?" The other man was limp in his grip. "Dear God, did those things get you?" Stupid question. Plainly they had. "I'll get you to hospital—"
Pepper gave him a long hard look. "Business. So I— your friends – come way behind business and science and fucking anything that moves. Okay, Tony, you win. Keep your damn secrets. And tell Whitney that I wish her luck."
Hawkeye and the Black Widow arrived just as Tony had composed himself into the epitome of casual, Clint bouncing ahead of Natasha. He had affected long hair and a pointed beard and managed, despite his obvious intention, not to look in the least like the comic book hero Green Arrow.
After all the angry words that had been exchanged – and boy, was he still mad at Tony for getting them into this – sharing a bed with him, however necessary was, well, awkward.
Relaxing in the hot bubbling water, highball glass in hand – because he had little hope that Steve would arrive with anything alcoholic – Tony finally felt the tension ease out of his muscles.
Tony put a finger on her lips, but he noted that she was angry rather than heartbroken even though her eyes were brimming with tears. "We had maybe three dates, Pep. Nearly a year ago. I've moved on. I supposed that you had too."
Then Tony's hands closed around his as they lay on the table, strong and warm and calloused – workman's hands that no expensive manicure could disguise.
"And you were 'unavailable' all yesterday, according to Jarvis. Now the internet is full of rumors of your possible death in a road accident, which, considering how you drive, is by no means unlikely—"
Steve grinned at that. The feeling that there was a lot more to Happy Hogan than there appeared on the surface was growing stronger all the time.
"Army brat, remember? Research scientist on a top secret project. Yes, Tony, I know how to keep a secret."
Glancing around the room, he spotted a sink with a cupboard above it and one of those coffee machines that seemed to do everything except make an ordinary cup of java besides it. There were several mugs on the drainer, all bearing the Stark Industries insignia. Steve turned on the hot water, gave one a final rinse, and ambled back to where Tony was sitting. Propping the case containing his shield against the side of the tool chest and ignoring the threatening whirr from one of the machines, he picked up the half-empty bottle of whisky resting beside Tony, filled his mug, then folded into a sitting position at Tony's feet, where he was completely unthreatening, his eye level well below the other man's. He figured he could probably finish the bottle before Tony needed a refill or at least keep his consumption below danger level. Of course, that depended on how much Tony had had already.
"You ran away. Captain America ran away rather than tell me face to face how I'd offended him – you."
With Sam, it had been more like being back with the Howlers than with the Avengers where, even though Tony called him the boss, everyone was more than likely to do their own thing rather than follow his orders, even in the field...
"No wonder the Security guards wanted to know how you were. And no wonder you didn't take off what remained of the jacket where I could see it."
Steve had turned in his seat – Tony had yet to persuade him to wear a seatbelt, and it gave him some gratification to see Captain America blatantly break traffic laws even though he was likely the one who would go to jail because he was pretty sure the LAPD wouldn't be convinced that he hadn't been carrying illegally – and was aiming carefully at the oncoming armour.
The black Makluan ring was glowing with power, and, before it, a familiar blindingly-bright portal was forming.
Which made Steve smile. "You are prejudiced. But she was the first woman I'd ever wanted. You have no idea what a relief that was, for a fella like me, back in the forties. Then there was the serum and, well, wow!"
There was a short pause, no doubt while Bruce scrolled down the texts. "Wow, that's nasty. She's learned a lot listening to you, hasn't she? No, Tony, I don't think she's going to marry you."
Steve hurtled through the hatch and down the concrete stairs as the voice in his ear said, "Stay back, Cap. We have intruders and—"
He didn't even have to make an effort – there were already half a dozen women hanging with him right now, letting him buy them drinks and trying to get his attention. All he had to decide was which one – or maybe two – to take home with him.
"For both of us to be naked, to have all the time in the world, to talk, to make love as quickly or slowly as the mood takes us, without enemies waiting somewhere beyond the gates."
"Furthermore," Jarvis continued, huffily, "there is no county stated – it should be Hampshire – or its abbreviation 'HANTS' and, even worse, no postal code – the equivalent of a ZIP code."
The most luxurious of those hotels was directly behind him, had supplied the fine cognac in the balloon glass he was cradling, not to mention Tony's whisky in the cut-glass tumbler that sat on the stone balustrade a few inches from his right hand. The hotel was where Tony was right now, arranging for their evening meal to be delivered to their rooms ... suite? Even that word was inadequate, as Tony had taken possession of the whole top floor. At least at this time of year the hotel hadn't had to eject anyone else to accommodate them.
"I can't," Steve whispered, trying to find the words to explain when the simple touch set his guts churning and his heart thundering . "I can't, Tony. I need you. I don't mean sexually – though I want... to... I'm—" He shook his head and tried again. "You're my anchor. Without you, I'd be even more lost than I was in the ice. Everyone I... knew... is gone. I couldn't face that a second time, Tony. Could not. You've made me want to go on living here and now – but only if you're here. I need you," he repeated, hating the note of desperation creeping into his voice.
"See if you can plot us a clear path to Bleecker Street. Nat, grab the shield." Using the armour's strength, Tony lifted Steve into a fireman's carry. The dangling hammer made it awkward, but not impossible.
AWOL for like for seventy years? And officially declared dead. Produce his birth certificate, Colonel, and I'll match it with the official declaration of his death from the Chief of the Casualty Branch. I'm sure Dad must have kept it somewhere.
After a while, Steve looked up to eye the camera. He could not bring himself to break the habit of thinking that Jarvis was lurking behind it. Besides, he always liked to look into the face of whoever he was talking to and this was the nearest he could get with the AI.
Thor spoke again: "You are safe in Asgard, under the care of the Queen of Asgard, my mother, the Lady Frigga."
Tony threw up his hands in a gesture of surrender and left. He didn't want Steve to think of him as a kid brother, but if that would help him, he'd give it the good old college try.
Tony looked around for a place of safety, then held out his hand and pointed with a gauntleted finger to a flat rock standing proud of the rubble. Jan climbed painfully to her feet, and stepped onto it. One he was sure he still had her attention; he pointed to her wings and turned the helmet slowly from side to side.
"You just pointed out that Rhodes has crossed some of those lines before, and Tony forgave him. He doesn't give up on people he loves."
Tony took a couple of steps towards Steve, hands clenching into fists. "It was his choice to put himself at the mercy of the Air Force. I've asked him to quit and work for me often enough – and he knows whether he does or not he'll have the best legal protection that my money can buy. He also knows, better than you do, Rogers,
Steve was already kneeling beside the man in the floor, feeling for a pulse in his neck. It was strong and steady, if a little slow.
Jan broke off from enthusiastically kissing Hank to remark, "You should have filed a flight plan, Carol. As for yours, Tony, it's safe in the Van Dyne Enterprises hangar. My plane is still in Washington. It's all spreading confusion to our enemies."
He chose a direction at random, let his face down into the water again, and counted twenty-five strokes.
"Even that name is borrowed! I don't remember how it happened but that has to be my fault. There has to be a way to get him back, to make it right."
"More a case of what I can do for you, though if some people find out you may have to shield me from non-avenging furies."
Had he died? Had the serum put him into suspended animation again to save him? Thor looked just the same as when they had fought together in Manhattan, but then Thor was an immortal, or near enough—
Steve suddenly recognised that cold, focused expression on Tony's face. He'd not seen it often since the Helicarrier, when he had been its target. Tony was white because he was blazingly angry, though Steve had no idea why.
Tony was still staring at Pepper and trying to make sense of her presence when she stopped in her tracks. "Tony! What are you doing here?"
Even if Tony hadn't been out beyond the fuselage, surfing the wind in the Iron Man suit – and maintaining strict radio silence – they couldn't have shared anything, really, not a fleeting kiss, a swift hug, even though Danvers was currently in the cockpit with Jan and Clint, because John Storm, not to mention Natasha and Hank, were still within view.
"Even if we did – and aren't Jan and Betty waiting for those clothes? – it's not what I want right now."
– probably but not certainly someone else – also wants me dead. And they want the ARC reactor. Or the Iron Man. Maybe both. It's great to be popular. And I'm beginning to think we might be better off watching each other's backs than operating on our own."
Tony glared at him. "Because it's affecting us right now. It insisted I bring it here with me and I'm certain it's what's been calling us back here to the cabin. Maybe it even has something to do with our... relationship."
He said, "If this is what we think it is, Jarvis, I'll try reason and when that fails we'll go to plan B."
It took half an hour of blasting across the continent for him to calm down enough to tell Jarvis to "Get me Dr Banner."
As the noise abruptly cut off, he raised his head and snapped, "JARVIS, I told you—" breaking off abruptly as he recognised Steve. For a moment he looked startled, and possibly a little worried, but the welcoming smile appeared genuine and there was no slur at all in his voice, as he said, "Hi, Cap. What're you doing here? No, never mind. It's good to see you. Grab yourself a drink."
"Do you mean before or after Mr Stark confronted Ms Potts over her involvement with SHIELD?" Jarvis sounded very dry, very ironic, very
"Mine," said Hank. "Take it. You can load that onto the plane and there won't be anything around to trace back here. The truck'll be more useful to us, given a lick of paint. Also, the helmets will be an excellent disguise."
Did he mean...? Even if he didn't, Tony could do this, could be there for him, whether or not there was sex involved. Though he hoped like hell there was. He said, "You won't. Promise."
He would have sold it, but his mother had loved that house, and so had Jarvis – God, he missed the original real live Jarvis, more than he missed his parents, which was something he didn't want to think about too closely – so perhaps it needed to be used again.
For a long time before the Chitauri invasion, SHIELD had known far too much about both him and Stark Industries. So he had tightened security and tightened it yet again after the invasion. SHIELD had also tightened security – he had believed, at the time, that it had been a result his and Jarvis's hacks – but he had evidence that SHIELD had been leaking classified information in other directions ever since.
Tony stood in the parking lot of the Stark Industries complex, now shared with Stark Energy and Stark Special Projects, watching the contrails spread and cross and fade. The last of his designated engineers had flown out in the last hour, some on commercial flights from Sea-Tac, others on rented aircraft from Boeing Field. If anyone had been watching for departures from the Stark-Seattle airfield they were going to be disappointed. So were government agents (and others) searching for the power units containing the natural vibranium cores that would bring the ARC generators to life – and more – in key sites around the world. Those were in the repulsor-powered transporters, masked by stealth technology and piloted by Jarvis. Both transporters and the units themselves were keyed to each installation engineer's fingerprints and retinal patterns. It should keep the technology – and the engineers – safe.
Incredible had been right. It had been Hank's experimental particles that had shrunk the giant Chitauri machine to something they could load into the back of a helicopter. And his lab at Culver had been ransacked only hours after he and Jan had moved their equipment to a Stark facility.
"The Maria Stark Foundation accounts are open to the usual inspections," Tony told her. "Yes, the reporter from Reuters?"
"Help yourself to beer or whatever you want from the cooler, then sit down and talk to me. How d'you like your steak?"
T'Challa nodded. "That will be at your disposal, just as soon as we remove the SHIELD agents currently occupying the airfield. Does Ms Van Dyne's aircraft have a pilot?"
Tony hesitated just a moment, sipping at the amber liquid in the glass in his hand. Then he sat down at the piano stool, lifted the keyboard cover and began to pick out a scale. After a few moments, that changed to a sequence of chords and then a simple tune, which eased into syncopation...
Cap stepped aside to let him pass, as he raced out onto the Iron Man landing pad, the armour already waiting to close around him.
"No you may not. I need to think. Give me some loud metal, Jarvis, and I don't want to hear from you unless less there's an immediate threat or Air Traffic Control needs me to re-route."
Right now, something was urging him to get to his feet, or even to don the armour. Well, least he could rule out separation from Steve as what had been calling him back to the lake house.
"What?" Even as he spoke, Tony had taken back control of the Ferrari and put his foot flat to the floor. "That's not Rhodey!" he shouted at Steve.
"Nothing," Tony gasped, trying to restrain a fit of giggles. "Nothing, punkin'. Just... just... some experimental animals escaping."
"Something that isn't his," Tony replied. "But that list Pep's put together comprises a large number of properties, though most of them are industrial or commercial. Also, some of the ones Mom left me had been sold by the trustees. How did you figure out where I was?"
If it hadn't been for T'Challa's gift he would still have been waiting for enough fuel to be manufactured. He wondered how much the King of Wakanda knew or had guessed of his purpose. Too much, possibly.
He was, Tony realised, almost certainly cruising, though whether for female or male marks was open to question.
Steve woke to dimness, and to pain that pounded through his head and jaw. Since the serum, he had almost forgotten what toothache was like, but now he was being forcefully and unpleasantly reminded. Groaning, he forced himself to sit up and take notice of his surroundings.
"Bruce... er... definitely did." Banner himself shambled across from the doorway, but the hug he gave Steve was hard and warm. "It's good to see you. Is Tony behaving himself?"
It was a challenge that Tony was determined to win, even though he kept slipping into a state of half-dream, until the bed dipped and a powerful arm fell across his shoulders. He snuggled close to Steve, reassured by warm skin and familiar scent and the knowledge that Steve's anger had been dissipated, and his questions diverted; Tony let himself sleep.
"Oddly enough, Natasha, I'm still patriotic enough to have faith in the constitution so no, I have not hacked the White House or Congress. Though I am now reconsidering in the light of this new information."
"Doctor Pym has been most hospitable," T'Challa said easily, rising and offering his hand to Tony, who clasped it firmly. "I was lucky that the one person who remained in the Tower in what was plainly an emergency actually knew me, though it was your A.I. – a most remarkable creation and I do congratulate you on it – which recognised me and alerted him."
Even if there still was an Avengers team, Steve wasn't sure that was a good enough reason. He worked well with Iron Man, and they had agreed to forget words spoken in anger under Loki's influence, but faced with Stark's blazing intelligence and arrogance, he tended, he knew, to give in to his combat instincts and strike back – or even strike first.
It was a helluva thing to be spending your nineteenth birthday party avoiding the girl who'd been one of your best friends through high school, who'd covered your butt on innumerable occasions, who'd saved your life in the flying battlesuit that you'd built for her at her request – he wasn't mean enough to call it nagging – and who most people, including her, assumed that you'd eventually marry.
"What about you?" Tony shoved back Steve's cowl, making him wince. His fair hair was matted with blood. "Damn it,
When he finally had eaten enough to take his time experimenting, he discovered he liked his coffee with a spoon of sugar and a dash of cream, and made a note to remember it. At least, he hoped that he'd remember it.
The HUD was showing the overlaid radar and sonar scans and Tony's heart suddenly lifted. "Uhuh. Stand back, Cap." Iron Man's repulsors blasted at the rubble. Seconds later, in the light coming from the chest plate, they could see a narrow metal stairway leading down into the earth.
Tony opened his eyes, blinked the room into something approaching focus, sat up, slapped his pockets, and then asked Steve to toss him the suit jacket he had discarded on arriving back in the penthouse from the boardroom. Seconds later, he had found and extracted his cell, his fingers shaking a little as he flipped through the menus. His heart was racing with excitement, or was it dread?
Betty took the hand gingerly, but her grip was firm. "Captain Rogers." Her eyes assessed him. "And forgive
Tony by-passed Pepper's protesting PA and swung lazily into her office. "Hi, Pep," he greeted, kissing the top of her strawberry-blonde head.
The sun was prickly on his skin and blinding even behind his sunglasses, despite the narrowness of the valley as Steve picked his way through the rampant vegetation.
As Tony approached the cabin, he could not see any sign of how Jean – if it was Jean – could have reached it. No horses were visible this time. Their own SUV, parked under the lean-to, was the only visible auto, there were no canoes or boats, let alone a seaplane or 'copter on the lake, nor had there been any sound of engines of any kind. The forest around was undisturbed.
He was far too big to sit properly at the pilot's station, and most of the controls made no sense, but that had to be the control stick, and that jerking needle must indicate the speed at which the wings were flapping, so the lever beneath it probably controlled that... and there was a rudder bar on the floor which probably controlled the position of that long tail...
"That is a greater honour than any I have offered you," T'Challa said. "I accept, with thanks, but, as you say, there is a great deal to do here. And Tony, if I may call you by that name?"
Tony flew alongside the plane all the way back to the States, though occasionally he left piloting the Iron Man to Jarvis and tried to drift into sleep.
Not offering his hand would have been ungracious, and Pepper would have kicked him. He did so and she didn't. "Pleased to meet you."
"It is not an Avengers matter, Captain. Mr Stark... needs a – human. Would you please follow the lights?"
"Not working," Okoye said, with annoyance, as she pressed one of her victims' fingers on the gun's trigger. Steve was relieved to note the barrel was pointed upwards as she experimented.
Steve saw no way to soften his reply, and he didn't think she would want him to. "Yes. Is that true?"
The ornithopter's wings thumped harder, but the right one also dipped. The machine began a slow bank, losing height despite the frantic beating of the wings. Steve was sure there were ways to correct all of this, but he had no idea what—
But it took Steve too long to catch his own breath afterwards. By the time he had it under control his victim was showing signs of returning consciousness. Pulling himself together, he grabbed the pillows from the bed, pulled off the pillowcases and ripped them up, using the first length to gag his victim and the next to bind his hands.
Maybe it would have been better never to be found, because he couldn't bear to have his chance of happiness snatched away a second time...
"That is incredibly generous of you, Stark," T'Challa said. He looked slyly at Tony, head slightly tilted, a smile just twitching his lips. "Would it offend you if I did not accept?"
Only before he'd gotten the top button undone, he saw oncoming headlights reflect from the rocks and scattered fragments of metal, which must have come from War Machine rather than the car.
He descended on the Tendring Tower like the wrath of God, guns rattling, with the loudspeaker booming out his message, "Step away from your machines and lay down your weapons."
"Then why should I?" He knew though, that he was not going to leave until he had satisfied his curiosity; what was wrong with Tony Stark?
Fuck it, at that rate his shields would be useless if a couple more hits and they were coming all at once. He'd never stop all of the—
"That's kinda sudden, isn't it? You gonna have to work to convince anyone of that. Meanwhile, if I were you I'd leave these hired guns to the Feds. They should be here in a couple of minutes – if they're still alive." Lowering his hands, the soldier walked over to the MV Augusta F4 motorcycle that he had somehow found time to put on its stand, straddled it and started the engine.
The sound of a police siren tore through the silence. Steve could see the lights in the rear view mirror without lifting his head.
"Neither." Jan cradled the mug in her hands. "Tony was totally devastated by your supposed death in Wakanda. Then, when he went ahead and broke up with Pepper – well, I was relieved I had a cast iron excuse to stick close to him. I was honestly scared he'd do something stupid. So I got him to visit Betty and dragged him into the business of Sue Storm's missing DNA sample. But then he took off for Malibu and I didn't have an excuse to follow him."
"Sir," the voice of Jarvis said. "The War Machine has entered the workshop in Stark Tower. Lieutenant-Colonel Rhodes expected to find you there, and is most upset that you are not. He refuses to believe that Ms Potts does not know your current location and he knows, of course, that I am lying when I tell him that I do not."
Still no memory but, even though he felt a stab of distaste, the pistol fitted comfortably into his hand. Despite its soaking, it seemed to be in working order. He fired a single shot to make sure, and was startled by how quiet it was.
And Tony both loved and hated the armour at that moment; loved it because with the faceplate closed Steve could not see the expression on his face and hated it because he had to fight not to raise it, to kiss Steve. That would be disastrous.
Steve glanced at Tony, a smile on his lips, before answering. "You're wrong, Natasha. Tony was there both times I met Agent Carter; he needs no other motive."
"I do not know for certain that you were or were not," Xavier answered, "but now you can be who you want to be. There is no reason for you to take up that mantle, though I think you fully capable of it. You have a fresh start, Steve. Be who you want to be."
"I don't need payment, Steve. I'm a billionaire several times over. But, in fact, you repaid me by saving my life this morning, remember? And putting Whitney in a position where we can help her."
"Yeah," Danvers said, "and the Black Widow here heard every word. At my request, I might add. I need you to trust me, Stark. The Secretary's
When he woke again, he was alone, in what he now realised was one of the guest suites he had assigned over to the Avengers while he remodelled the floors below.
He was trying, very, very hard, to keep his mind on task and ignore the implications of Natasha's last report, received just before he, Danvers, and Jan, in her Wasp form, disembarked from the plane. She and Clint had made contact with Thor, but the Thunder God had not heard from Iron Man since the latter headed into the hurricane.
Steve grasped Tony's arm and moved towards the strange vehicle, the black-clad man beside them and their escort a few steps to the rear.
All the same, Steve had to wait for him on the threshold. "I get now why you prefer to fly," he said, as he rested a foot on Iron Man's left boot and flung an arm over his shoulders.
While it was not something that Tony wanted to hear, the ice in his stomach melted a little. He tapped Thor gently on the chest. "I had you to help, Goldilocks. I just hope you're right about Cap."
He's Pepper's, Steve reminded himself. And there's no hint, not even in the tabloids, to suggest he's interested in men, no touch of that kind of scandal. And I guess the gutter press will have looked hard for it over the years. So, he is trying to embarrass me. Well, two could play that game.
It was worth every concession to have her back as CEO, though he would have preferred to have her back in his bed. Maybe that would be possible. A man could hope.
Once Tony was settled in, Steve shoved the covers back to waist level and rolled towards him, so they were almost, but not quite, touching.
Gritting his teeth, Tony put all his strength to the task. He was soon panting with the exertion, but half a dozen efforts opened the crack to maybe ten inches, and there it stuck.
"And you're smart. Yes, it is. Dad didn't know what he was building, didn't even know what Vita-rays were, and I'm betting that Erskine didn't really know either. What's more, that metal in your shield – vibranium – doesn't fit into the normal periodic table. That's because it's not composed of normal protons, neutrons and electron shells. Oh, it's not anti-matter, but there's something different about the arrangements of the quarks—"
The hangar was further away than he had thought, its size deceiving him, though he had been here before. Despite his speed, it took him far too long to take shelter under the concave sidewall. Part of that had broken away, and Steve dived  through the gap, orientated himself, found a metal stairway and pounded up it, noting rust and bent metal as he went.
Steve reached up to turn Tony's face towards him. "I know you and people like you are trying to correct that but... seventy years, Tony."
Steve had accepted Fury's offer to fly them both back to the Tower in a SHIELD helicopter and it said much for Tony's current state of exhaustion that he had made no more than a token protest. It might be the reason he had activated the faceplate. It was not, however, in Steve's opinion, the reason the chest and shoulders of the Iron Man suit seemed to be locked into an upright position. That, he suspected, had more to do with those bruised ribs, just as his own position, leaning forward slightly in his seat, was adopted to avoid pain from his back. That also felt damp, itchy and uncomfortable, which probably meant the dressing had been blood-soaked and was now drying. Luckily, this uniform was waterproof.
"Tony? Tony!" The voice was familiar and close at hand, and there was a hand on his shoulder. It shook him gently.
"On her way to a private clinic, with high security. I owe Obadiah that much," Howard said. "Not to mention that she originally stole the mask from my vault. They'll report on whether she says anything but right now she seems to be in shock."
"Jarvis, guide Thor through to the kitchen and order whatever he wants. There's plenty to snack on while he's waiting for delivery. In fact, see if the hamburger and fries are salvageable. We have beer, Thor, but Erik Selvig said to tell you they have beer too. In New Mexico. Lots of it. Though I can't vouch for the quality. Jarvis, get Dr Jane Foster on the phone so Thor can talk to her and make his apologies for not taking time out to go see her on his last two visits in between battling aliens and gods..."
Steve – it was good to have a name, and one he quite liked, even if he didn't recognise it – saw the resemblance at once. They had the same regular, handsome features and the same vivid blue eyes. Howard's hair was a shade or two lighter and he wore a neat hairline moustache, while Tony was a couple of inches taller, with wider shoulders and more muscle, but both were slim, graceful and elegant.
"Not that many eyes around here. I have to risk it, Cap. We gotta find Tiny-Hulk before he turns into Tiny-Bruce who'll be a target for every predator out there."
"I do not," Shuri said, "find that at all believable. I do not believe it is possible to synthesise vibranium. I do not believe that Hunter would ever do harm to Wakanda. And I certainly do not believe my brother would join your 'Avengers'."
Tony watched with apparent indifference as Velasco's team of RED HORSE engineers attached the small boxes with their faintly glowing undersides to the scales of the fallen Chitauri troop carrier. The Colonel himself was looking on with a much more interested and critical eye, with Hill beside him, though both seemed uneasy with the arrangement as well as with the crowds who had come to see the fun. Probably neither wished to appear on You-Tube.
"Yeah, and that made him change his mind. Same information didn't shift your opinion, did it? Stubborn bastard."
"Yes, I do," Tony snapped. "It's my fault, Steve. I should never have brought him here, never have brought Hank and Jan here, or that fucking Chitauri machine—"
The silence in the car had lasted from Xavier's school, across the Whitestone Bridge and through the heavy traffic on highway 495. Tony had been unable to think of a way to break it. It was not until they had left the highway and were nearing home that the problem solved itself, by the ringtone that signified his father. He told the cell to, "Put him on." He waited a couple of beats then said, "Hi, Dad. We'll be back at the house in five minutes."
That night, they went to sleep in Steve's bed. Tony was no longer troubled by his parents having slept – or even that they had had sex – there. Besides, they were both exhausted. Even though Gene had gotten rid of most of the evidence of alien – and Doomian – incursion, clean up had taken a while, and their helpers had performed a sort of Farewell symphony. The first person collected had been Clea. Her transport had arrived in a traditional puff of smoke; a man dressed very untraditionally in blue tunic and tights, plus a red cloak with an ear-high collar and a huge gold broach clasping the cloak at his throat. Tony envied him the neatly trimmed facial hair, but not the white streaks at his temples or the lines in his face.
A few moments later, Jan's voice came softly over the comms (And bless Tony for having spares on hand even in the Malibu house, and Jarvis for reminding him that Danvers and Betty needed the.).
"Seems like I'm out of the loop," Tony said. "I need to make some calls, because this is important. Damn it, I need Rhodey."
They were in a short corridor or guard room, which seemed to have been recently occupied, in all probability by the warriors currently lying bound, gagged and unconscious only a few feet away.
Bruce blinked at him. "I might have known. Jarvis is his alter ego. Anyhow, Betty isn't working in gamma radiation any more, but she's knows most of the people who've worked in the field and when she saw what happened out in Seattle she tried to alert them. She hasn't been able to contact any of them."
Peering under his lashes, Steve could see Tony's fingers flying over what appeared to be a keyboard made of light projected from his tablet – StarkPad, whatever – even as he continued his conversation with Pepper.
"I said it was theoretically impossible for an arc reactor to fail or run wild by accident," Tony corrected him. He paused, letting the silence linger in what was possibly the vain hope of disconcerting Fury. "But this wasn't an accident, was it?"
It shocked Rhodes into nearly a minute's silence. Finally, he said, trying for innocence and not quite succeeding, "This means that someone has perfected the super-soldier serum, right?"
"I'll get you your darn coffee," Steve snapped. He reached into his T-shirt drawer, pulled out the first one that came to hand, threw it at Tony's head, so it hid his widening grin, then fled to the kitchenette.
"You and me both," Tony admitted. "There's someone out there who can hold the Hulk captive. And he's not vulnerable to Kryptonite."
"He was in Washington at the Triskelion. He will be here in—" Hill glanced at the dash display. "—seven minutes."
Tony smiled at the press from behind his custom-made sunglasses as Jarvis helpfully displayed their names and employers on the inside of the lenses. Though Jarvis could also talk to him, the head-up-display was in some ways less distracting and definitely less detectable from outside.
Bruce looked startled, and shot an uneasy glance at Steve, only to see the grin widen, then disappear as Steve made a zipping motion over his lips with one hand.
With the Hatut Zeraze in pursuit, the sensible thing would be to get out of Wakanda as soon as possible, right? But whoever said Tony and Steve – or their new ally – were sensible?
Tony glared at him. "Don't humour me, Rip Van Winkle." An idea occurred to him. "Anyway, I intend to close the meeting before I open it—"
"Not intentionally," Tony said, after another too-lengthy pause. He went on the attack. "You say you can use the Time Stone to see these things, so you know the answers already."
"So that is how Klaw got here," Hunter mused as the portal situated at the very feet of the massive – and astonishingly lifelike – statue of a big cat that dominated the interior of the temple flared into life. "And it is why you insisted on coming here with me, North."
Tony drew a shaky breath. "It's obvious you never someone with a full dose of Extremis," he said, as calmly as he could. "You also saw the video of what I found on the crashed helicarrier." He raised his voice in command. "Computer, compare the wartime photos of Steve Rogers with your scans of our guest. Any points of difference?"
"As Loki found out, I don't bluff," Tony lied cheerfully. Well, he wasn't bluffing. Not this time. "Oh, by the way, in case you hadn't guessed, Jarvis has been recording since I landed. The Wakandans will hold the vid against a double cross.”
He reached out with improvised tongs made out of suit nanites, and shifted the remaining stones into pockets precisely sized for them he had formed within the armour.
There was a moment's silence, time enough for Steve to mentally cross his fingers, then the reply came, "Nothing. Guess it's a wash," and he didn't know whether he was relieved or annoyed.
Pepper's admonition against facial hair had suddenly made him more determined. A Van Dyke, maybe. Unlike a goatee, that had a moustache and would therefore annoy Pepper. It would still be different from his father and more dashing.
Jan shook her head. "Hank won't rest until it works on humans," she said. "I have a theory – but that's our problem, not yours. You solved yours." She was looking at the shrunken Chitauri war machine. "I wish I could have seen it," she said, unexpectedly, her eyes widening, blazing with passion. "The battle for New York, I mean, and those things slipping down through that wormhole, and you guys taking them on. Why didn't the people fight with you, Captain? How couldn't they?"
"And I was... was never attracted to women, but then they weren't attracted to me, so... And if I was occasionally attracted to men, well, it was too dangerous. An' they wouldn't have wanted to... "
"Hank!" Jan was exasperated. "What have I told you about keeping your ant colonies confined to their tanks?"
"Yes. One moment." Seconds later, a soft light lit the interior of the vehicle and the face of its driver, though Steve could see nothing beyond its edges. "The road leads to the border and they will expect me to take you there. But the border guards will already have been alerted and I am not sure which of them I can trust. I cannot risk letting you cross tonight. There will soon be an opportunity to retreat to a safe place."
"I'll be okay," Steve insisted, not understanding himself why he was so reluctant to show weakness in front of Tony Stark. "I heal fast."
Outside, an occasional light danced randomly in the darkness. But Tony knew that all that meant was that he was still at some depth, where animals brought their own illumination. Iron Man would have been right at home, if the ARC reactor had been functional enough to emit more than the faintest of glows. The armour was still ascending, though by no means easily and the HUD compass told Tony he was being swept out into the Atlantic.
Jan's pilot – who, contrary to Tony's flight of fancy was female, though he'd been right about 'armed to the teeth', which cheered him – was now told to relax for the next week or so. Tony and Jan then had a short argument about who was going to pay her a huge bonus, but Happy was frowning and Marilyn was tapping a pointer against the side of her StarkPad, so they settled on scissors/paper/stone to settle it, and Jan won.
. Mac got through on the landline, but it seems there are intermittent power outages and none of the generators are working properly."
"I always am," Tony claimed, with a grin that, he suspected, was about to become permanent. "About what, this time?"
"On my way back to you." Tony sounded a little harried, but there was no alarm in his voice. "Contact was just a two-seater prop on a night flight. I think I scared him out of his skin, but he was good enough not to crash his ride. He's far behind and far away now. I'm about to hand over to Jarvis and resume an attempt to sleep. Over and out."
She hadn't. Indeed, one of the men was now lying still beside the SUV. The other was struggling to hold onto the woman who broke free using a classic defensive move.
Clothes had been laid out on a chair next to the bed; white boxers, a soft blue button-down shirt, grey chinos and black sneakers and socks. To his astonishment, they all fitted perfectly.
"I wouldn't say that." The voice was John Storm's. He had followed Steve into the cockpit and was now hanging over the radar screen. "Got this weird ping. Tiny but strong – and movin' like a bat out of hell. It's coming up our tail, boss."
Damn. He knew he could get the shield up before she pulled the trigger, but then there was Jan  lying on the ground a few feet away; full sized, wingless, wearing nothing more than a bra and pyjama pants, and completely helpless.
"Your decision," Tony said. "Keep your current office. I'll see your PA moves to something more suitable. Meanwhile, send in your contractors. Jarvis will keep an eye on them and make sure they don't miss anything."
In the full light of the huge penthouse windows, Carter was stunningly beautiful in black slacks and white shirt, her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, her skin flawless. The resemblance to Peggy Carter's World War II photographs was striking, particularly as her jaw was set as hard as Steve's own.
Howard, Steve noted, was watching him with a fond smile, though his comment, as his son disappeared, was a muttered, "Good luck with that."
Hill sighed. "I don't know why Fury thought you'd give me anything. You going to give me a lift down?"
There was silence for a while, which was finally broken by Natasha's voice: "Iron Man, report your status."
"I'm sure that neither Pepper Potts nor Tony has been ignoring you – and I certainly won't, particularly if I can make Hank jealous," she added, with a grin. "Not that that'll work when there's a scientific problem to be solved." She stopped outside a door and rose up on tiptoe to let some sort of mechanism scan her eyes. "And Tony provides those in quantity."
"Is he still in Wakanda? If so, when's he coming back?" That was Natasha's voice, a long way away. "Stark?"
The sound of the explosion wasn't particularly loud, but it had come from inside the laboratory complex.
"Why should we believe you?" This was another voice: a woman's, with an odd accent that was, on the surface, English university with a slight French intonation, yet underlying that something both strange and familiar.
He was just in time, because the trucks were braking, spinning sideways to block the road in front of the SUV.
Steve had no idea where the Asgardians had their farms and factories, and no ships sailed the bright seas or aircraft flew the skies, carrying trade goods.
It was frighteningly erotic. Steve wanted to run, though he was not sure his knees would hold him, so he gritted his teeth and refused to take even a single step backwards.
"Me too, and that's the problem. I'm used to travelling, and travelling light. Normally I'd also pack formal wear, but that would be in a separate pack and, anyway, I don't need it."
"Actually," Jan cut in, "I was the one who insisted we try to find them." She shrugged. "Hey, I wanted to test the wings and weaponry. So, my bad."
Tony leaned back against the pillows he had propped against the padded bedhead, and rotated his head and shoulders, pulling a face at the crack of bones in his neck. He stared up at the ceiling, ignoring the dance of shiny indistinct afterimages. Jan had retrieved one of his highly upgraded personal tablets from his workshop, and Steve a pair of reading glasses from his bedroom, which had made things easier, but he was suffering from information overload. Some of the jigsaw pieces seemed to be slotting together, but not enough to make sense of the whole picture.
It was Natasha who interrupted it. "Wasn't – what's his name? Lin? – supposed to be updating us on Steve's condition?"
Surely no one had been fool enough to put the stones together in a Gauntlet – and the ones on Earth had been destroyed in one or other of the Snaps, including his. Everyone on that battlefield knew better, knew to keep the stones separate before they were returned to the moment and place from which they had been removed.
Tony sent a drone to follow it, then watched it disappear into the far distance, heading out over the Sound and towards the open sea beyond.
He had had every intention of following at Stark's heels, but, instead, was inexplicably drawn towards the workbenches.
"Do you think she's in danger?" Steve asked sharply. "We could ship her out to join you. I know Tony's suggested it before..."
Tony closed the faceplate. "I'll be in touch," he said. Then he opened the faceplate again. "Oh, one last thing," he added, trying for Peter Falk as Columbo and just missing. "How the hell did you know I'd be here at this time?"
"If I'd wanted to take you out, Lieutenant," Jan's voice said, "I could have done so without you even knowing I was here. These aren't for show – but I'm not pointing them at you, right?"
The scarlet convertible, which Tony informed him gleefully was a Ferrari 550 GTZ Barchetta Zegato, of which only five existed, was a design dream, though it was impossible to fit his shield in its case anywhere but in the trunk, and it wouldn't lie flat in that.
"That is possibly wise, Captain. All the same, leaving it behind is inevitable, given current levels of airport security and your need for anonymity. Mr Stark expects you in the security office at the loading bay in one hour."
Natasha's fingers were wrapped around Tony's chin, a fraction away from a stranglehold. Not that he could breathe, anyway. Maybe she would just kill him and then he wouldn't have to explain.
"No trace, sir. The computers in any one unit may be connected by fibre optic cable, but they could not network between the ground and the helicarrier," Jarvis said. "They may have resorted to sneakerware."
Steve wasn't so sure. Those sharp bends in the corridor – a corridor, he noted, without any visible doors – looked to him like a defence measure. And, within minutes, he was convinced that this was the case but that, if there were computers, they were behind invisible doors, that they could neither locate nor open.
He waited for Steve to elaborate on the feelings that had brought him to tears, but he shied away from the subject just as he had previously shied away from Tony's touch.
Before Afghanistan, she'd been his right hand, smoothing his path as he veered between the playboy and the engineer, forcing him into being the businessman on appropriate occasions. Then, when his world had blown apart, she had become essential to his continued existence. And she was funny and kind and beautiful and intelligent and brave and loyal and in love with him, so she deserved to have everything he could give her, including returning her love.
She couldn't have heard his intake of breath, so she must be reacting to his expression. Fuck. Even though there was no need right now to keep his voice steady, Tony fought to do so. That it came out harsh and cold didn't matter either. "We were suckered."
The clearing was silent, save for the clatter of rain on stone and the plosh of feet splashing through mud as the stragglers from the crowd fled.
"Are you sure you're alright?" Steve asked him, voice and body both stiff with tension. "This was why I needed to leave, because I wanted to hit you and your ribs are bruised and you have restricted lung capacity and unless you put on the damn suit I'd seriously hurt you."
There was another squeal from behind Thor and rapid female voices talking in near whispers. "A good amount," Thor said. "I can call up a wind or create one."
Steve was sure he wouldn't be able to do so, was waiting for an attempt at hypnosis or some other trickery, but though Xavier had not said a word, was not even looking at him, the room slowly faded into blinding sunlight.
"I don't think you would, willingly. Just don't underestimate your effect on him when you're making your choices."
As they entered the elevator, Jarvis informed them that Hank had called and left a message for Jan – which sent her hurrying to their quarters.
Tony was laughing as he hitched a hip onto the edge of the laboratory bench and said, "Okay, Jarvis. Put him on."
There was a brilliant flare of light, and he clamped his eyelids shut against it, throwing up his arm to protect his eyes even though he was seeing through the eye-slit sensors. The floor shook under him, the combination sending them to his knees.
"I'm not. I'm angry with SHIELD in general and Fury in particular. I don't like being lied to, and I don't like being manipulated. You've been Fury's tool in both. I have no reason to trust you."
Sitting below the window, practically in Tony's lap with his new lover's arms once again wrapped tightly around him, Steve would have been happy never to move again, but...
"Right," Tony agreed. After all, if they hadn't wrapped this up by Christmas they might as well be dead – probably would be.
"By tonight the place will be crawling with cars full of reporters," Jan said, "so we'll be forgotten. Of course, they won't find anything. That is if the mini-Hulk is still back there with you, Hank."
Tony reached out a long arm and placed the phone on the table – situated precisely where it was easy to pick up a drink which would not be contaminated by splashes from either the pool or the spa. Unfortunately, his own glass was empty.
He wriggled his right arm cautiously, and found it surprisingly easy to free it from the strap over his chest. Apparently it was not meant to disable him from escaping, but simply to hold him steady in whatever it was they had imprisoned him.
Steve let the huge number of things that he did not understand in that little speech slide. He had more urgent questions. "How did I get here? I... Thor said I died..."
The blue eyes moved away. "I am astonished that you live," he said evasively, "but glad all the same."
The road wound North into the Santa Monica mountains, their slopes brown with bare earth and sun-scorched grass and scrub, then took what was plainly a private road running up a steep wooded valley – arroyo, was it? Though narrow and hugging a slope rising steeply to the right, while on the left the ground fell over twenty feet into a rock littered dry creek bed, this road was better surfaced than the public one on which they had previously been travelling.
"I know. I'm sorry." If Steve had ever doubted that Jarvis felt some kind of emotion – if not exactly human emotion – the last few hours would have dispelled it forever.
"Pasta," Steve replied curtly. "Now get changed. I'm not cooking for you to eat in the dining room in that outfit."
But these people had been holding him captive, hadn't they? And they'd left him to die on some sort of huge aircraft as it had fallen from the sky.
The tag team of Stark, Bartowlski and Potts, meanwhile, accelerated negotiations with a number of countries to place manufacturing facilities in what would, effectively, be free port enclaves, in return for access to the new technology. Capitol Hill and the Joint Chiefs called this 'treason' and Stark called it 'good business.' Conspiracy websites suddenly began carrying detailed information about an apparent government attempt to suppress the new Stark green energy technology and linked this with the attempts on the inventor's life. A surprising number of Senators and Congressmen suddenly went on the record in support of Stark Industries, particularly after opinion polls showed a similar opinion amongst the general public.
"You never did like Whitney," Tony said, which was the absolute truth. "But she's had a pretty rough time of it." Also true. "And I'm damn sure you haven't been celibate and pining for me, Pepper, any more than I have for you."
Tony took a step towards the portal, then half a step back, as from its blinding brightness, a nightmare head was emerging, studded with many sickly green eyes, red pincers and short tentacles or possibly antennae surrounding a slitted mouth, large enough, as Tony knew, to swallow a human with ease. He'd seen Doom snatched up into it. Behind that head, he also knew, was vast segmented body, many legged and armoured.
Tony flung himself into a chair and spun round several times. But waiting for Jarvis to crack the codes wasn't in his nature. He needed to share, but he was still furious with Pepper. Besides, this was Avengers' business, which meant that the only other person available who ought to hear it or see it or whatever he was going to find on the machine was Steve.
"Well," Hill said, with total composure, "I suppose there are comparisons between New York and Anhk-Morpork, but I see a distinct lack of wizards here, Stark. Unless that's how several of these things came to vanish." She put her head on one side and eyed him dangerously. "Director Fury wondered if you could ... explain ... that."
Tony said, "I think you'd better get that aircraft of yours into this hanger. Not that that'll do any of us much good if that really is a tornado-spawning mini-supercell up there."
"Yes, yes. Just the ambassadors. No bodyguards. If they don't trust me they can sit down there until Pepper gets back." Tony looked wildly about him, spotted a reasonably clean jacket on a hanger, and grabbed it. "Okay, Steve, let's find out why East Africa is descending on us."
But Jarvis was overriding him. "Ms Romanoff and Mr Barton are now crossing the lobby towards your private elevator. I instructed the security guards to let them through. I trust this meets with your approval?"
Steve gave her a quelling look, even as Danvers' eyes snapped towards her. "Who the hell are you, anyway, Annie Oakley?" the pilot demanded.
"Do not touch the ring." The voice was harsh, coming from an inhumanly tall figure in strange, spiky black armour that had appeared from nowhere. Even with the head of Yogthulu in the room, he filled the rest of it.
Once Rhodes and Lori had gone, the former clutching a map of the area with the position of the armour's electronic signature marked, the latter to make her excuses to her family and employees, Steve took Tony's hand and led him into the living area.
The man sitting by his bed was sharpening a sword blade on a whetstone gleaming with oil, each stroke smooth and measured, his expression one of pure concentration.
"She donated it to an experiment while she was still at Culver. When the samples were examined prior to destruction, hers was missing."
"Are you telling me he dressed like that?" It was a silly point to hone in on, but Steve wasn't sure he believed the rest of it.
It turned out he had a motive for that. "Steve, may I borrow your shower?" he asked. "Pepper is going to yell at me, and I'd prefer to be able to just fall into bed and ignore her. I'd also be grateful for the loan of a clean tee and a pair of sweat-pants or pyjama bottoms."
"We've been under attack," Steve said defensively. "Jarvis identified you a little too late. Tony will see you right about your... aircraft. If your errand was that urgent, maybe we can help."
Steve, standing on Iron Man's right boot, with his fingers hooked into the holds made for them, looked around at the line of cars, the forge, the complex machinery that did who-knew-what, the small kitchen, the battered leather Chesterfield, sitting in front of a small – for Tony – television screen, the model aircraft, the family photographs that were missing from everywhere else in the house, and said, in revelation, "This is where you actually lived."
And it occurred to him the place was far too quiet. He hadn't asked for music, Pepper was presumably in Washington and, anyway, he had removed her entry privileges. Steve...was gone.
Steve was frowning. "I might have done, if Loki and the invasion hadn't happened, but before then Fury and I had an ... understanding. SHIELD is the successor to the SSR—"
"No. No, I don't think that about you," Steve protested. "That's what makes it so terrible. You ask me how old I am, Tony. I don't know! Sometimes I think I was born just over a week ago."
It had been five days since he had last seen any of the other members of the Avengers Initiative. Fury had sent Natasha and Barton off on some mission or other, Thor was somewhere in Asgard (and boy, was he having problems getting his head around that), and Bruce had, apparently, taken up Tony's offer and was now quartered in what was left of Stark Tower. Steve himself had ignored Fury's orders and, in Army fatigue pants, combat boots and t-shirt, had spent his time helping to clear up the mess that Loki and his minions had made of New York.
"We were running for cover," Jan said. "Tony told Betty to come in if necessary. We could have headed for Stark Tower, but I figured they'd expect that and I knew he'd reopened this place, so here we are."
"If there wasn't a government program," Jan said, "and I don't see how there could have been because those things cost a bundle – more than you can hide under today's level of research appropriations – then it must have been bought from an outside supplier. And the ones we know about are years behind NASA itself."
Meanwhile, Tony opened his backpack, dropped it on the ground, and let the armour encase him. Though Steve had disappeared from sight as he made his way across the roof, Tony knew instinctively that he was heading for the skylight that led to the kitchen at the rear.
White teeth flashed in what might have been a grin or a snarl. "In that Hunter is White Wolf," he said evenly, "I am the Black Panther. You may address me as 'Panther'."
Tony padded into the kitchen in stockinged feet, but even so Thor turned his head before he was through the open door, and put down the glass he was holding. "Anthony. How is our shield brother?"
As Tony and Steve climbed out, there was a high-pitched screech, and a petite brunette came racing from behind a row of storage racks to fling herself into Tony's arms.
"Yes. He's been here most of the time since he brought you to Asgard, but the Lady Frigga has an appointment today that she must keep, and Thor and Sif – I suspect they would say they are protecting her, but they are also witnesses if Loki—" Fandral put out a quick hand, stopping Steve's involuntary move to rise with astonishing strength. "No, rest easy. You are in no danger from Loki, though he undoubtedly would take revenge if he could for your part in defeating him and his allies."
"I remember the last time you flattered me, Tony. Unlike you, I learn from my experience. So don't hold your breath. Give my love to Pepper. Ciao."
Tony and Jan arrived back at Stark Tower from West Virginia just as the sunset was gilding the skyscrapers with red-gold light. The city was at its most gaudily beautiful, and it cut Tony to the quick to know that Steve wouldn't be on the roof with sketchpad and watercolours to capture it.
Not that the serum was much use without the so-called 'vita-rays', whatever hid beneath that code name—
Steve bit back, "Jarvis tricked me," and "There wasn't anyone else." Instead, he looked straight up at Tony, and, without trying to control his expression or the emotion in his voice said, "Because someone very clever worked out how much I know about losing people. And what it's like to be totally alone."
Steve stepped forward, but Tony put out a hand to stop him. "That wasn't polite. And I have to tell you, pal, I know only one man who can pull off the caped-crusader look, and you aren't him."
Lieutenant Storm and his prisoner – if she was a prisoner, because they only had some very untrustworthy testimony for that – had made their escape while changing planes. According to the only eyewitness, the guy who had been in charge of securing the boarding ramps to the hatch, the woman had tripped at the top as they disembarked and had, by some enormous mischance, crashed into both of Storm's escorts. Storm had seized their guns, grabbed the woman by the arm, and scooted underneath the plane and into the nearest hangar.
Something shifted to the rear. He glanced back along the neck to the body-fuselage and saw a row of translucent spheres with cloudy interiors, in what looked very like a bomb rack, rubbing against each other and the slats holding them in line.
Indeed, less than a minute later he and the bike were deposited on a handy roof, and Iron Man was landing beside him.
The scrawl of a signature at the end might have been anything, including an attempt by an arthritic hand to hold a pen. The first letter did look like P, though.
"Indeed, sir. But I am programmed to protect you and your interests. And you were out of touch," Jarvis said, with subtitles. Tony shoved aside his curiosity about these with some difficulty.
"Then I don't have to tell you anything. Except out of the goodness of my heart. That's when someone does something because of compassion, Hill. I know Fury doesn't acknowledge compassion exists, but—"
Very carefully, Tony untangled himself from Steve, climbed off the far side of the bed and limped awkwardly into the bathroom. Once there unzipped his fly and hurriedly jerked himself to orgasm in a few quick strokes, then leaned against the tiles and tried to catch his breath.
Tony was suddenly cold. "They could not have known I'd be in the limo. I didn't know myself. Christ, Pepper. Pepper was going to take the limo..."
"Ma'am," Steve said, holding out a hand. "Forgive me for being unfit for company, but I'd just come in from a run when Jarvis gave the alarm."
If that possibility was alarming Thor, it needed to be considered. Tony thought fast. "Not if I go in underwater for the last few miles," he said.
"What?" Tony heard the rising note of near hysteria in his own voice and fought to bring it down to a near whisper. "What on Earth were you doing in the bathroom for nearly an hour? Steve?"
Steve went willingly into Tony's arms and rested his forehead against his, as all the adrenaline-fuelled energy drained away, leaving him aching and tired.
"A little," Tony admitted. "Mom thought I needed a broader education and music appealed to me more than painting or acting."
He knew he could get out of the spa and go for a swim without hesitation. He operated the Iron Man suit under water every few weeks. He often stood beneath the shower with water cascading over his face, even if he still had to brace himself to do it.
Outside, snow had started to fall, the gyrating flakes forming a white curtain. Afterwards, the two men stood together looking out into to see the lights of the skyscrapers winking in and out behind the snowflakes, and the white lights of the tree behind them reflected in the glass as bright as stars.
Together, he and Pepper ran towards it. Beating her there by virtue of not wearing high heels, he flung open the driver's door and reached for the neck of the man slumped against the wheel. The pulse was strong against his fingers and he let out a sigh of relief. "He's okay. I'd never have forgiven myself if he'd been hurt."
"Vanished," Hill repeated, interrupting his babble. "Three of them. Not a trace. One went that first night after the battle, the other two yesterday."
"No you damn well aren't. Jarvis says you have only two thirds your normal strength and speed, and your reaction times—"
"So..." Tony clasped arms with Clint, then mentally checked Natasha for obvious weapons before leaning over and pecking her cheek. "Welcome home, Nat."
"Nope. Retrieved it. After all, I made it. Well, part of it. I don't do shrinkage." Tony gestured towards the open doors, through which he could hear the babble of voices. "Shall we?"
Shock rippled through Tony – surely she couldn't know? – and it must have shown on his face, because Betty put a hand to her mouth.
Tony kissed him gently. "Steve, darling, even when I was your age and building my playboy rep, I didn't have your needs or your stamina. There's no way I can keep up with a twenty-something super-soldier. But I have hands and a mouth and a lot of skill. There may be times when I won't want to do this, but right now, until I'm ready to go again I'm enjoying being able to do it for you."
Just how much would the information that they had done so be weighed against the safety of his fellow Avengers?
He tried to take a step forward, to confront it, but he was frozen in place, his body refusing to obey him.
Rogers looked at him assessingly for a moment, then let him go. "I miscalculated," he said tightly. "I thought they'd be too disciplined to open fire in that confined space."
SHIELD would make a bad enemy. He rather thought that that was what he had made it, though Fury was a known quantity and one with which he could deal. As for the military, he had years of experience of negotiation with them and the government and to fall back on. But this new threat, if it was a threat, worried him. It worried him even more that he should have anticipated it and hadn't.
Tony whirled on Storm. "Well?" he asked, his eyebrows up. "Do you have any idea why you were abducted?"
Being here with Stark was dangerous. Staying within reach of an organisation controlled by a shadowy political body willing to destroy New York, and that regarded the Avengers as a danger to mankind when it wasn't using them, had seemed stupid then and seemed stupid now. It was the reason he and Romanoff and Barton had scattered in the first place, with Tony's money behind them and Tony's expertise to remove them from SHIELD's computer records while his device was still in place in the Helicarrier. He'd also created new identities for them. Maybe the Widow and Hawkeye were still together. He hoped so.
"Thanks." Steve beckoned Happy to come with him, which he did without demur. Once they were out of Iron Man's hearing, he asked, in a low voice, "You got a first aid kit in there too?"
When he pointed this out to Clint, the response was bitter: "You really don't like us, do you, Stark?"
"The fire teams are withdrawing," Steve said. "There's heavy rain forecast and the fires can be left to burn themselves out."
"Good enough," Tony said, and Steve started breathing again. "Welcome aboard, Colonel, Lieutenant. Jarvis, find quarters for these people, please. They look ragged. Hank, you and Jan are excused. Nat, Clint, could you help Danvers and Storm to get settled? And fed. Definitely fed. Food is good. I have to talk to Thor, so there's that. Selvig and Foster too. Then there are things I need to do in the workshop. Steve, for God's sake get some sleep. T'Cha—"
"Yes, I did," Steve said. "She was gorgeous, bright, tough, and having to fight for her place in the military just as I had. She was wonderful. And I was attracted to her." Steve chuckled, but Tony heard the note of bitterness in it. "She seemed to like me, but I think now that was just pity."
They were silent as they surged about the warrior, following him out of the doors which closed as silently behind him, cutting off the sunlight, though the room was little darker. For the life of him, Tony could not figure out where the light was coming from.
A cocky-looking man, whose ginger hair clashed uncomfortably with the coveralls, grinned at him. "Just waiting for you, sir."
Tony's heart was somewhere down near the foyer and he didn't seem able to call it back. If Bruce and Steve left he would be alone here, waiting for an enemy even he could not fight by himself. Though he would try.
"He isn't dead and isn't hurt, as far as we know," Jan said quickly. "But he is missing in action. Tony and Captain A—
"And to New York air traffic control," Shuri muttered, She was also plainly in avoidance mode. "So you really know these people, brother?" she asked brightly. "Don't tell me you're actually a member of their ridiculous group!"
He tried to roll in midair, with no idea where the floor was, and hit hard on his side, his head banging against the floor in reaction, all the breath driven out of his body.
"Don't bet on that," Bruce said dryly, taking bananas from a bowl on the workbench and a mango from the crisper.
"I am sorry, Ms Potts. I am afraid that is not possible," Jarvis answered, before Tony could recover his wits.
"Ah." There was satisfaction in T'Challa's voice. "It is as our ally that you may do Wakanda a second service. I have a dilemma. I have no wish to continue to hold the SHIELD agents captive, but further interference from that organisation cannot be tolerated. Nor will I do this man Fury the honour of negotiating directly. If he wants his agents returned to him he must give cast iron assurances that he and his agency will not attempt to enter Wakanda again. Will you act as a neutral negotiator for me? I know you will reveal nothing of Wakanda."
"My mother used to say that, and she was a nurse," Steve said. "Of course, it may just have been the sort of thing you say to kids. But why risk it? Come on, Tony, sit."
"Make up your mind, Tony." Marilyn sighed. "Even your father didn't make as many changes to his will as you do."
The pool was close by but the spa was over eight feet in diameter and the jets had stopped automatically a few minutes ago.
And on those displays black clad SHIELD agents were piling out of their SUVs, weapons that he did not recognise in their hands.
"Jarvis reports something large, non-metallic and slow moving—" There was an audible plop, presumably Tony's mouth gawping in astonishment at the sight before him; Steve knew his was.
"Shhh. Hot tubs don't work miracles and I don't heal as quickly as you," he muttered against Steve's mouth. "C'mon. Let's take this to the sofa and get comfortable."
As he padded through the living area he discovered Tony, still fully dressed and curled up on the couch where he had been sitting the night before.
"Oh, for God's sake!" Tony threw the nearest object – a quarter-inch flat head screwdriver – at U, who had been scurrying about the workshop, trying to tidy away various pieces of armour that Tony had laid out carefully for rearticulation and then been distracted by a SI research report on the power cells of the Chitauri fliers. "I do not need your help. I do not need any robotic help
Remembering his father's idea for flying cars, he smiled to himself. He could do it... but he was in enough trouble with government agencies as it was. Better leave that one for a more auspicious time.
"Their standard 'inform HQ on sighting' is in force, I believe, sir. Also presumably for you, Ms Romanoff, Mr Barton and Doctor Banner."
Howard was unconcerned. "That doesn't explain the Doombot. Or that they tried to get in here without alerting us."
"In one of the tunnels leading from an ancient mine shaft, perhaps the oldest of all, dug into the mountain with stone tools. My sister and I found it some five years ago. It is one of the few places in Wakanda of which Hunter is unaware."
"Sounds good to me," Steve said. At least this crisis seemed to be past and if sex was what Tony was willing to give him, then he ought to take that and be thankful. At least it would allow him to watch over him and keep him safe.
That was occasionally uncomfortable, but often effective, particularly if he framed his strategy to allow them leeway to employ their own tactics.
Though he had only controlled his own reaction with the greatest difficulty, Tony applauded, gauntlets ringing against each other. "You're jumpy, Mr Grumpy."
Steve threw White Wolf's gun to Tony who caught it in midair with his right hand while pulling the yoke back with his left and stamping down on the left hand pedal.
"May O'Hara, Fox News: By what right have Stark Industries appropriated national icon Captain America?"
Every door was shut. He could start opening them, but that might mean discovery and once again having to hurt people who had done no harm. It was unlikely that whoever had the Infinity Stones, the Pym Particles and the wrist controller (not to mention Mjolnir) would let them out of his or her sight – particularly if that person were Tony. But if it wasn't Tony, and if he could find whoever-that-was, he might be able to negotiate them back.
Steve was warmer now, breathing normally, his eyelids fluttering in REM sleep. He was also hard and, to his own astonishment, Tony found his own body responding. That didn't seem possible, after the intensity of their earlier, wildly passionate, sex.
Instead, Tony pushed him to arm's length and frowned at him.  "Hey, baby, just how far did you run this morning?"
"Asgardian witch?" Steve once again felt the world dropping away. "What Asgardian witch?" He glared at Tony who, perhaps wisely, remained silent.
Though Tony was now pretty sure she was in the clear, it was time to cast some more bait. "If you're not supporting the Pentagon over Cap, they may have turned elsewhere for help."
The Ancient One and the Master had been watching this conversation with the air of spectators at a sport they did not understand.  Now the Ancient One inclined her head at the Master, who left the room with a muttered, "As you order, Sorcerer Supreme."
Pepper could not have guessed how much that attempt to shift the suspicion would fuel Tony's anger, but that didn't stop the blind rage that threatened to destroy his remaining control. "Steve knew a lot of things that SHIELD never found out, and didn't know a lot that SHIELD did. Unlike you. Did you tell SHIELD I was going to Seattle that day? Yes or no."
Which was where Hank Pym lay, unmoving, unconscious or dead, the shrunken Chitauri transport tumbled beside him amid the splinters of the shattered lab bench and sparking electricity.
"Then let's get on with it," Tony said, trying to ignore the feeling of dread that set his heart pounding and closed his throat. "Should be interesting.
The repulsors glowed brighter. Slowly, the giant alien structure lifted up from the pavement. It was uncomfortably reminiscent of its original descent from the Tesseract-created portal.
Steve put his arms loosely around him. "I'm sorry I pushed last night, but not that I know. If you're going to do something like that again, warn me. You need a spotter."
"And you believed him?" It was said mildly enough but it was a question that plainly shocked Natasha.
Just before he fell beneath the fog, he saw tiny white balls of repulsor energy strike the aircraft—
N'kendi lowered the nearest window, stuck his head out of it and spoke to the warriors in a language that Tony did not understand. Then he said something in the same language to the driver and the doors of the SUV slid open. "They need to check over the vehicle," he continued, in English. "We will enter the palace compound on foot. There is breakfast waiting for you."
"Well," Bruce said, in such dry tones that Steve knew he had also detected the falsehood, "let's hope no one coincidentally finds this place. I don't want to call out the Other Guy." His face vanished from the air, leaving his voice lingering like the Cheshire Cat's grin.
He also began to realise that he might have softened towards Steve too soon. But seeing him so weak and... defeated... had hurt far more than he had anticipated. He had spent the night planning how he should react to Steve... what he should say.
Steve sat down on the marble steps and listened as the music grew more complex, Tony frowning in concentration. Steve had thought he knew jazz, but this was different, sparer and often puzzling. One more thing that had changed while he had been frozen in the ice. He wasn't sure yet if he liked it or not...
Even before it closed over him his lungs were screaming for air, his heart thundering as the old terror gripped him, but he forced his body into obedience, hands hooked under the rim of the underwater seating. He had beaten Ten Rings then and their legacy would not defeat him now—
"They're good," Bruce said. "She manages him, he puts the brakes on her impulsiveness. And he really didn't mean to offend you, Tony. Not all talk of building weapons is a reference to your past."
Steve was examining the contents of the newly restocked refrigerator when he heard a noise behind him – the sort of small noise that someone makes when they want you to know they are there without startling you. Steve looked round to find Jan hitched up onto a stool at the breakfast bar, looking at him thoughtfully. She was still wearing the blue pants, together with a white shirt that was far too big for her and therefore was almost certainly Tony's, but her feet were bare and she looked cool and relaxed. "I forgot you can cook," she said. "I was expecting to have to do something myself because Tony certainly can't. Can I help?"
"I could talk to her," Tony said. "Stark Industries was a major donor to her last election campaign and possibly to this one, though that's now Pepper's business, rather than mine. I think she might spare me five minutes of her time."
"Odin has returned unexpectedly. He's summoned Thor and Frigga to the throne room. We need to return you to Midgard right now."
"I'm not allowing Happy to drive," Pepper said firmly. "Director Fury is providing us with transport, so, unless you've actually located your attackers, you can head back here right now. SHIELD wants to debrief you."
"I take it Storm's in the left hand C-5," Danvers said, having come to the same conclusion as Steve. "We'll take it from here." She raised her voice. "I'm Colonel Danvers, acting with the authority of the Secretary of the Air Force and the base commander. All of you will stand down. Put away those weapons and report to the base commander with an explanation of your conduct. Now.”
"It's the Pentagon's business," Rhodes shot back, confirming Tony's worst fears and feeding his growing sense of betrayal. Rhodey could, at least, have given him a heads-up before arriving at the Tower.
Steve, still confined to bed most of the time and to Thor's apartments when he was not, had little to do at first except study Thor, his mother and his friends.
How had his mind come to be imposed on this body – and, more importantly, how could that imposition be reversed? If he knew what had triggered it he might be able to take the first step to correcting it.
Once the shirt was draped over the back of a chair on top of the jacket, Tony knelt to pull off Steve's boots, then reached to unbuckle his belt. "How does this work? Oh, nice. Invisible and intangible Velcro. Good trick, Asgard." Then Tony was pulling at his waistband and stripping him naked.
"Colonel, might I remind you that you are not in command of either this base or this mission," Fury snapped, all pretence at protocol gone. "SHIELD has been given overall command by the President—"
Oddly, Steve avoided his eyes, saying merely, "Water, meds, then coffee if you can keep the water down."
"Not compared with this," Steve made a wide gesture that took in Tony, Bruce, the computer display and the whole lab.
"You're making assumptions again, Stark," Steve shouted to Tony over the rush of wind, as the Wakandan flier jinked through the jungle night, tearing leaves and vines loose and tossing them into the air with its passing. At least their driver, whether by luck or skill, was missing the tree trunks and the bigger branches. "Something blew that hole in the outer fence."
That jogged Steve's memory, the voice of a man now dead: "Shuri is in France and oblivious to what is happening."
Tony blinked at Mrs Arbogast. "Yes, fine, really, just let me have the numbers and the minutes as soon as they're ready."
The man with the sword in his right hand was taking aim with the gun in his left when the ship and its occupants began to... fade.
"It is. Or rather, it contains the computers Stark needs and is one of the places where our enemies appear to come and go at will."
He'd buried that memory so deep that, for a moment, he didn't understand what she was talking about. But now it surged up, renewed and overwhelming, redefining his relationship with both Steve and Pepper...
She didn't know. Not that it really mattered any more. His best protection was the truth. If a selective truth.
Iron Man – Tony – flew again and again into the heart of what remained of McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, his sensors tuned to discover any trace of life, blasting aside the steel and stone with his repulsors. Steve followed up each of his calls, with the team that had congregated around him; medics, firemen, demolition experts, military engineers and SHIELD agents.
Tony slid into the awareness of the Time Stone, pleading it with it to stretch out the seconds, caught up the Power Stone's energy, found the Reality Stone which flared as it emerged from the Quantum Realm.
"You looked really cute then, Romanoff. I told Pep..." His voice faltered, and he cursed himself. "I told Pepper I wanted a Natalie Rushman of my very, very own."
It wasn't by any means a new feeling but, despite all his efforts to dismiss it, it was growing stronger by the day.
Steve woke to the sound of metal sliding against stone. Opening his eyes just a slit, he looked quickly to left and right.
"Sir, we have visitors, possibly hostile," Jarvis said, showing an infrared scan on the head-up display. A couple of dozen men and women were lurking in the skirts of the jungle. Occasionally a breakaway group would make a little sortie out of the trees, but then would take one look at the Iron Man and retreat.
All the same, intrigued and no longer bored, Steve said, "Sure, tell him I'm on my way," and headed for the elevator.
He was back within five minutes, with the news that no one was watching for them – at least, no longer watching for them, and would Captain Rogers be so kind as to throw their 'cargo' across to him.
But Danvers was already on the PA: "Everyone hang on tight. If you aren't in your seats it's too late!"
His hand shook as he reached to take the glass, and Steve did not let go until he had it clasped tightly in both hands.
"Thanks, Hank," Tony said. "Steve, don't bother packing anything that you can replace once we get back to New York. That includes all of my stuff. I'll just pick up my leather jacket."
"Why didn't Howard destroy this himself?" he asked plaintively. "Why put it onto me? I don't have enough information about this time to make a correct decision."
"I've been drinking too, Tony." Pepper turned and called out to the SHIELD agents who were still pouring down the steps. "We need a medic here!"
Jan said, in sudden alarm, "Our 'Unknown Enemies' have Bruce. D'you think they’ll be able to access the Oklahoma labs?"
Like he believed a word of it. This was pure Barton revenge, probably on Tony, with himself as collateral damage.
Despite there being no one to see him – no one human, in any event – Tony raised an eyebrow but otherwise remained impassive, for all that his heart was thundering in his chest. Well, at least he didn't have to worry about the shrapnel any longer.
"Yes. What I am not doing is getting up and limping around in front of Jan and Hank, thereby confirming their worst suspicions about our sex lives. If you're worried about either of them ogling my chest when you're in the room wearing clothes that give spandex a run for their money..." Tony shook his head, his expression sad, though his lips were twitching. "Well, you're wrong. But you can pass me one of your T-shirts. Considering how tight they are on you they should fit me perfectly. I'm much more worried about talking to Hank without any caffeine intake."
"Nope. Not going to spoil the surprise." And Tony proceeded to talk about everything from automatic gear boxes to the history of spaceflight as they climbed into the hills.
"And if Director Fury tries to use his cell while I'm controlling it, sir?" Jarvis's voice was at its most pained.
But no one, not even Tony, was listening to what Rhodes was saying any longer. Steve had started to move even before the door to the lab was flung wide, setting himself between Tony and the strange figure in the opening, outlined by the bright light behind it.
The three men turned to face the slender, dark haired woman, who stood with her hand resting lightly on her holstered handgun even though she had a dozen black-clad SHIELD agents at her back.
And it wasn't, Steve realised. God, he'd been slow. Middle of the night slow. One of the first things Tony had said to him, back on the night when Jarvis had called him to the Tower to stop his creator drinking himself to death – and incidentally changed Steve's own life – was that
Almost overnight, Avengers Tower, as he was trying to persuade everyone to call it, had become a centre of cutting edge research. How had that happened?
Unfortunately, one of the things that his father had been right about when he spoke of Captain America was his inability to follow orders if anyone at all was in danger. And Steve had never forgiven himself for James Barnes' death.
"He was a friend," Tony said. "Not just mine, but Pepper's too. He was stupid, to tackle Loki alone, but yes, dammit, I need to be there, if only as a representative of the Avengers."
It was also guarded, and not by Wakandans. Four men in green camouflage battledress and carrying obvious energy weapons were gathered close to the portal; two of them were talking to each other, but the other two were covering lines of sight.
But they could be shot just as easily with a handgun by one of the two men in dark suits who were hurrying towards them, waving at them in an attempt to warn them off.
Steve saw Tony's eyes go black, dangerous and... inhuman, dancing with specks of light that looked oddly like lines of reversed text.
When the robot had landed facing him, only a few feet away, he still felt no fear. And when the face of the robot lifted away to reveal that of a man he was not surprised, and not surprised by what he could distinguish of that shadowed face, lit from below by the light glowing in the metal chest.
"Only about twenty-fo—" Tony broke off as, to his astonishment, a reversed version of those words appeared in the air in front of him. From Jan's viewpoint, though, they would be perfectly readable. "Fascinating," he said, in his best imitation of Spock, running a finger through the letters as they hung in the air and leaving them undisturbed. Then, "I bet I could build one."
Tony spread his hands. "Who knows? We'll let them cool their heels for a while, let them think we're going to starve them out. Not that that isn't tempting. It might be interesting to see who claims 'em. If no-one does I'll call Fury and let him take care of them."
He had hesitated for too long. Iron Man gripped his arms and lifted him up through the air, setting him down behind the wall that concealed the elevator machine rooms and the entrance to the access stairs, all of which were undoubtedly locked tight.
He waited until Tony had shambled off towards his own bed before shedding his uniform and peeling away the dressing. The bleeding had, as he had expected, stopped, and by peering over his shoulder into the bathroom mirror he could see that the scratches were already scabbed and healing, though the bruising would not, he supposed, look its worst until morning.
"I'm still human," Steve said. "No more courageous than any other. Unenhanced friends have always fought beside me, did what I did, against the same enemies."
"Name given by said scumbag, whether he was CIA or military or Al Qaeda was Cornelius E. Moorcock. The account on which he drew his cheques has been cleared out, but he was representing a holding company based in Singapore. Which I'm not going to identify for you, just in case it's legit."
His voice overridden by explosion after explosion, the still-standing trees stark against the intermittent flares. Hot shock waves flecked with fire buffeted both armours and shook the still reversing truck. Only Thor seemed unaffected.
Tony had just finished disposing of Steve's clothes when the man in question padded into the living area, clad only in a towel.
Steve needed closure. If Bruce wouldn't let Tony trawl the internet or set loose the worm in SHIELD's computers, there might be another way to achieve it.
"Stark," Summers said coldly, and his voice wasn't much warmer as he added, "Steve," with the distaste of a man forced to use a first name because he hasn't been given a surname.
The cab driver took the opportunity to dive into his vehicle and speed off in a scream of abused tyres.
He almost tripped over the rubble which was all that remained of a lab wall and, perforce, stopped, putting out a hand to keep Tony from tumbling as he heard him stumble.
Pepper took one look at his expression and said, to the man and woman sitting opposite her at her desk, "If you'll excuse me for a moment, there's something I need to deal with." To Tony she said, "Conference room?"
He could have been there now, but it wasn't the same without Tony, who was so much brighter, so much more experienced than he was...
But she didn't run. Instead, she elbowed her attacker viciously in the solar plexus, a precise and well-judged blow.
Steve shrugged. "I didn't ask. I take all this—" He waved a hand at the tangled cables and disembowelled circuitry, "—means you weren't able to contact Jarvis."
If she was anything like her relatives, and he would have bet his shield she was, Steve was inclined to agree. He also confirmed some suspicions. He inclined his head towards Shuri in respect. "Thank you for engineering Lieutenant Storm's escape."
Oddly, Steve also seemed much more relaxed on their journey to JFK, but Tony attributed that to the fact they were finally on the move and, he hoped, to the knowledge that Tony was going with him.
However, during the next hour they turned up precisely nothing, so when Jarvis said, "Ms Potts is trying to contact you, sir," Tony was bored enough to welcome the lecture he suspected was coming.
"You were the one he was always complaining about," Tony said. The one who'd been his rival at Flight School and always a step ahead of him on the promotion ladder. "He never told me you were—"
"Checking NCIC database. Possible identification as petty criminal Maxwell Dillon. Dillon was apparently involved in an accident and gained some minor ability to store electricity in his body."
"Yeah, yeah, any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic," Tony growled. "And they both kill—"
"I don't see how he can resist," Iron Man said, rising into the air, with the transporter floating on its repulsors beside him. "I'll be in touch. Take care."
Tony nodded. "We know she had family. And, though Dad was dead by then, Stark Industries would have helped financially if necessary. He'd created a trust for the survivors of the wartime SSR who were in need." The dark eyes blinked. "You know, I never thought of it before, but I guess that's all yours now, because you're the only one left. I'll get the lawyers to look into it.
Steve's hands dropped to close on Tony's, partly to reassure him, partly to stop him finding out how arousing he found that thought. "I'm not a one night stand type," he said, wishing he could see the reflection of Tony's face in the window. "I know you used to be. And that trying to be again didn't seem to work for you."
Less than an hour later, in his most expensive bespoke grey suit, white shirt and grey tie, he was standing at the head of the table in the boardroom, his eyes roving over the immaculate men (and one woman) who made up the Stark Industries board, seeing the curiosity in their eyes, despite their bland expressions.
When Steve came back to consciousness, it was to the sound of voices, and to pain. That had shifted. It was now at the front of his chest, just beneath his collarbone. He was used to enduring pain; it was the one thing that had remained constant in his life before and after Project Rebirth. Pushing it to one side, he listened in on the conversation.
As far as Tony recalled it had clouded over around midnight, but some of that cloud had been thin. However, he was surprised that even one person had been neither asleep nor parked in front of their television screens. "Anyone see a boy on a bicycle too? Everyone was as jumpy as hell that night. I'm surprised they didn't see everything from the Four Horsemen to the Millennium Falcon."
"They can both talk to me when I get home." By that time he would have his excuses ready for Steve, and as for Pepper... "Bruce first."
. He says he's become aware of secret briefings between the Generals and the CSAF -- sorry, the Air Force Chief of Staff to you non military types – is out of town and he can't locate him. Which is why, I guess, he didn't want details – just gave me carte blanche to do what I have to do.
"Yeah. I came off the road because Dr Selvig wrenched the wheel round when he saw a big blue glowing circle right in the road in front of us."
He spread his hands. "Well, y'know, they might be watching tonight's game and not the skies. And it used to be Tony."
There was a slightly uncomfortable silence as Tony called the elevator, which lasted until they stepped into the car. At once, Pepper spoke, but not to Tony. "Jarvis, could you ask Steve to come to the Penthouse. I need to talk to him."
"I was not. As you know, communications with my main servers were lost when Iron Man entered the hurricane, and the Jarvis-download was wiped during the fight in its eye."
T'Challa looked surprised, then nodded decisively. "You are right. Now is not the time for ancient protocols. We need to speak together urgently, with no misunderstandings."
"I have no intention of using the Stones," Tony said quickly. "One experience was enough, thank you. They should be returned to the place and time they were taken from."
"Please. If you can operate that thing." He nodded towards the fearsomely complex coffee machine. "I always expect it to blow up or take off."
He downed two of the former and one of the latter, together with the coffee, while U created a supplementary double espresso.
"Were good enough," Steve retorted. He deliberately softened his voice. "Though I'm real grateful to my partner for the assist."
"I thought leviathan was a sea-monster," Steve said, pedantically deciding that he was going to continue to call them 'troop carriers'.
Tony whirled in a circle, and, yes, there was the Hulk, further up Park, thrusting two yellow cabs aside as he strode between them. How had he gotten there?
"No I didn't. And I don't sleep with anyone out of kindness. If anyone took advantage it was me. I've been trying to keep my hands off you for months."
Steve had never tasted food like it. Tony had plainly briefed Miranda, for Steve's plates always held at least three times as much as Tony's. His own wine glass was filled with the appropriate amount for each course, but Tony, apart from a glass of champagne with the crayfish, stuck to water.
"Cap!" That was Iron Man's electronically distorted voice, so it was coming through the air itself and not the com-link. "Can you stay afloat? I need to get this fool to hospital."
And Steve was moving, shoving Hill to one side, Happy to the other, and throwing himself between the whatever-it-was on the hangar roof and Tony-and-Pepper, shield held high.
"I need you here," Thor said firmly. "To be the calm head and to keep my friends and my mother safe. Now, go, while you have time."
"So am I," Steve said. "And that it appeared out of nowhere in a city with water on two sides and a major canal cutting through the isthmus. The beast must have crossed a dozen major highways without being spotted. Jarvis and I have been trying to track where it might have come from, but, while the Internet is full of monster sightings, there are none recently in within three hundred miles of Seattle that could have been this one."
He wasn't sure how long the silence lasted, let alone what Tony was thinking. Then his friend closed his eyes and leaned into Steve, all the fight gone out of him.
"There's no one left alive down there," Tony reported, his faceplate raised for what must have been the first time since the armour had closed about him. He looked desperately tired, dark circles ringing those deceptively soft brown eyes, emphasised by skin that was much paler than normal, as if the stress had leached the tan away.
"There is someone or some organisation which has been trying to kill me. That organisation has what appears to be the equivalent of a
Tony looked back. Lights blazed in the darkness, growing ever closer. He said, "Back in the States, when you interrogated me, you had a cloaking device. We sure could use it right now."
"Really?" Steve could hear the anger in his own voice, but it wasn't Jan's fault or even T'Challa's. "Tony didn't mention that when he briefed me about what happened while I was... in Asgard."
"Damned if I know. Because he wasn't at NASA. He was taken off the astronaut program and reassigned nearly a week ago. And here's the odd thing, Captain: the guy had the best scores of any astronaut trainee since Armstrong. He was all lined up to fly co-pilot on the new orbiter—"
"I'm fine." Steve shrugged, then winced. "A bit sore. I'm sorry to bother you, Tony, but I really, really could use some food right now."
"Not if I can help it!" Iron Man took off, shot through both doors and shattered the French doors before following the aircraft into the black sky.
But there was another sound. Steve had been hearing the rhythmic noise of a helicopter for some time, but now it was growing louder and louder. When he looked he was expecting to see a police helicopter—
"Do you think they were spying on us?" he asked, remembering uncomfortably how close he had come to breaking down in Tony's arms yesterday.
"Long story," Rhodey said. His attention having been brought to Steve, he was eyeing him with some suspicion. "You are?"
He had no more time to experiment with the vehicle controls. Tony aimed it straight at where he thought the gates of the inner compound were situated and gunned the engine. With his thumb, he shoved the gun's control to full and aimed at the gates as they emerged from the twilight, firing a long burst, raking from left to right.
Fury, however, merely shrugged. "You'd have done the same if we'd actually let you into that lab again. So would your friend Banner."
"That thing is still under examination. We don't know who made it or what it does," Tony snapped, though even as he spoke he was wondering why it had had no effect on Pepper.
"We're still looking, and Jarvis is also looking from the other end, trying to track the state of Ross's project or its spinoffs."
Pepper used it regularly, Tony occasionally, but Steve was more often to be found in an employee gym or out running on the streets and in Central Park. But this morning it was too late for him to do either without attracting unwanted attention, and Tony found him cutting through the water with more power than technique, but still at a speed that an Olympic champion would envy.
He swarmed it at speed but, remembering the shots, he paused just below the roof and peered cautiously over the lip...
That was all very plausible, but... "The Black Widow reports he seems to have been more interested in Captain Rogers than me," Tony said.
Pain stabbed his chest again, greying his vision. It was an odd sort of grey, though, more like the smogs of his early life, in New York and later London, tinged with orange.
Steve, resting his arms casually on the wheel, saw the moment of realisation when the stranger figured out that his 'gnome' might be worth money and this casual young woman might be about to deprive him of his share of it. He wondered what Jan would have done if the guy hadn't got it. Probably dropped even larger hints.
"Or your ally. Okay, okay, after we make the rendezvous maybe you can have a chat with your god. And maybe Steve can have a chat with his. I just wish I could have a chat with Thor. At least I know he's real. And not a Morgan Freeman look alike."
He had no answer and no time to work it out, so he just ran towards the explosion, ignoring the pain in his chest, his arms and his feet.
Something else fell, something small, gold and black and gleaming, which rolled across the floor until brought up short at the edge of the rug on which the coffee table stood.
Steve's hands eased their grip, though he did not let go. "You're shaking," he pointed out, and his own voice was not steady.
The man threw in his hand and rose. His eyes met Tony's and it was either Clint Barton or his double. He inclined his head in a "follow me" gesture, and Tony trailed casually after him, through the emergency exit, up the fire escape and onto the roof.
He turned left and continued to wade, following the shoreline until, quite suddenly, the mud cliff dipped into a creek.
Steve heard Tony's intake of breath, felt it against his back. "That came out wrong," he said quickly. "I don't regret you... I can't... but today I stood beside Peggy's grave, and realised everyone I knew was gone. I hoped you'd help me forget the grief. I didn't realise you'd drive everything except you out of my head."
"Developed from that," Jarvis said. "Which is why in the UK they consist of letters and numbers while in the US they are just numbers. They are also used by route finders and electronic mapping. Those for Winchester start with SO, for Southampton, the nearest large city."
"And because you and Steven are my shield brothers, and I wish you every happiness, for as long or as short a time as you have together."
Behind him, he could hear more blasts from Wasp's stingers and grunts of pain that sounded distinctly masculine, so he was not surprised that, when he turned back, it was to see that only one man was still on his feet and he was scrabbling to retrieve a pistol from the floor. He had it in his hand a moment after Steve began moving, but that was not quickly enough. A stinger blast sent him staggering backwards, and then Steve was on him.
Forty, maybe fifty strokes this time to take him past his starting point and as far again away from it. Each one stretched his burnt skin painfully. He didn't think he was bleeding, though and, anyways, it was not as if there were any sharks in the lake. At least when he'd crashed in the Arctic Ocean he'd had the Red Skull's plane to keep the sharks, or maybe polar bears, at bay.
"The idea crashed and burned. Think of what the FAA would have said. I had enough trouble—" Tony applied the brakes hard, so the War Machine shot ahead, spun the car on its axis and headed back up the road. The gates and their guards were a better proposition for cover. "—with getting permissions for the armour."
Satisfied, Steve thought back to their arrival at the cemetery. What had actually happened? He didn't think there had been any other embarrassing moments, but...
"Now that I have to see," Steve said, as they skimmed through the swirling fog, which would hide them from prying eyes. No doubt the Iron Man sensors allowed Tony to steer accurately. A stray thought caused him to ask, "Can you actually roller skate, Tony?"
"I've had Pepper crying at me, then telling me to break out and get over there, then yelling at me—"
When that contact was made the shock was almost as painful as putting on the Infinity Gauntlet. What was more, he sensed something else, deep within the Soul Stone's heart, alert and inimical.
"There'll be listening devices, possibly even cameras, in your apartment," Tony told him with complete certainty. "Your phone was bugged."
"And if they'd come for you somewhere else? Some other workplace? Sure, you might have been able to take them out, but would you have even
"Sourced from here in the USA," Pepper's voice interrupted him, rising on a note of near desperation.
He reached for the tablets and a bottle of water, then in direct defiance of Steve and Steve's no-doubt-long-deceased mom, washed the tablets down while still lying on his stomach. Which process needed more water than he might have expected.
"Yes, if you haven't thought of any more since then. I like to think of your will as my continuous masterpiece in progress.”
Steve was grinning. "It appears that you got picked up by a spy. Or a reporter. Or possibly both, judging by the way the pair of them were using the cameras on their smartphones. They were quite blatant about it. I suppose they thought I was too out of touch to know—"
"No and yes." He was going to be bawled out by Jan, but there was no use delaying it further. "Could you get Jan and Hank right now? They'll need to know that Steve's okay." Even as he spoke Tony was wondering why it hadn't been Jan who called him.
But Bruce certainly wouldn't mind. And Jarvis had already received his orders to lock Pepper out of all the Avengers and research floors except the penthouse itself. Hank and Jan were currently taking possession Bruce's research lab, after which Jarvis had been instructed to guide them to one of the Penthouse's guest rooms.
His first task was the most urgent one of relieving himself. That done, he stepped under the shower and, leaning his arms against the tiles, put his head down and let the water batter him until his skin began to wrinkle.
"You lost a lot of blood. That odd metabolism of yours is probably the only reason you're still alive," Stark told him. "Well, that and how close we were to the Tower, and my flying speed, naturally, not to mention the sealant I've been playing with that I used to close that wound and stop the bleeding. Half an inch closer and it would have sliced into your spine. Add a few upward inches to that and you might have been de-Cap-itated and would you for fuck's sake lie down before you fall down and I have to go get the suit to move you
Tony rounded on him with an expression of what Steve could have sworn was relief. "Everyone has a fucking choice, Rogers! He made his bed, now he can lie in it!"
For a moment he wished for the familiarity of the clothes SHIELD had provided for him, but he had realised, even before he  moved into the Tower, that the contrast between his apparent age and the outdated look had made him far too noticeable. He didn't need to be asked again if he was from some sort of fundamentalist religious community. So he'd left them in his SHIELD apartment, together with the uniform they'd given him.
The black-clad man's eyes narrowed, then widened very slightly in surprise. He spoke sharply in what was presumably Wakandan, not to Steve or rather, not to White Wolf, but to their escort. It was plainly couched as an order. The warriors looked at each other with uncomfortable expressions, then at Steve, who nodded, once.
At a signal from North, one of the soldiers had walked over to Steve and kicked him in the ribs. But it was Tony who had given a choked-off cry; there had been no reaction from Steve even as his body had rolled a couple of feet by the impact.
Steve had so far kept silence, because Bruce seemed to have a better handle on defusing Tony's anger than he did and he was reluctant to put the tender shoots of his partnership with Iron Man in jeopardy. If Tony could react with such anger to the man who he'd allowed to keep the stolen War Machine armour, despite the ever-present danger of that technology being accessed by people he undoubtedly – and correctly – mistrusted, he might also react badly to what sounded like criticism from someone he'd known for so short a time. But the other man's pain was all too evident, and he could no longer stand idly by. "Tony, have you thought this out?" he asked tentatively. "Rhodes was between a rock and a hard place. He didn't have a choice."
He began to make his way methodically along the corridor, pausing at each door to listen for voices. When he reached double doors carved with symbols he did not recognise, he finally heard the murmur of voices. He leaned his head against the wood, and words became clear.
Steve shoved the cowl back from his face and tried to smooth down his hair, which he knew must be a mess. "We had a small problem, ma'am," he said, not sure how to describe the recent encounter with the ornithopter in an unalarming manner – though if Miss Potts lived with Tony she must be used to alarms. "Tony's gone to talk to Director Fury about it." He bit his lip in annoyance with himself, unsure if Miss Potts knew anything at all about Fury or SHIELD.
Steve came awake in an unfamiliar room flooded with sunlight. Instead of the lowering towers of Asgard – or New York – the window wall looked out onto sky and sea and it was, at least, an Earth sky, pale blue, hazy and crossed with contrails. Sunlight sparkled from wave crests and there were ships making their way to and from port, honest to God modern ships like those he had seen every day from the windows of Stark Tower.
But he hadn't really had much involvement in running Stark Industries since, oh, hell, since he had actually inherited the company. There had been his father, then Obie, and he had let Pepper do most of what little was required of him, signed on the dotted line.
Pepper had shed the Rescue armour. Now she turned to Tony as he sauntered into the armoury, trying to disguise his nervousness. Her expression was both apprehensive and determined.
Behind this motley crowd rose a massive building made of some black stone, sitting on a podium carved in low relief with stylised big cats – lionesses or leopards – with wide steps rising to a portico where squat, fluted pillars fronted another wall, though the carvings, if there were any, were in shadow. The actual entrance to the temple was through the mouth of a giant snarling stone cat.
Pepper leaned forward and kissed his cheek. "I'll take care of the car if you take care of yourself. Deal?"
But Steve was troubled. He often seemed to drift off into a painful reverie, his eyebrows drawing together in a frown, mouth turning down, and he would look at Tony as if he was something precious that he was about to lose.
"Sir," Jarvis's voice said, as Steve chased the last piece of bacon around his plate. "Ann-Marie has just delivered your packages."
Iron Man dived forward, sliding on one knee, repulsor rays shooting from his left gauntlet to strike the War Machine on the chest, blasting the suit from under the path of the falling tail and instantly taking its place. The repulsor in Iron Man's right palm glowed sun-bright, blindingly bright, and the tail's fall halted, just an inch or so from the gauntlet. Iron Man brought up the other hand and carefully rose to his feet, balancing the tail on the repulsors.
At least Thor would have left by now, in search of his Jane, and staying in bed with Steve, even with cloth barriers between them, was too fucking much of a temptation. He needed coffee, at least, with maybe a large shot of brandy.
Steve waved a hand at the holograms. "Jarvis and I have been analysing all the sightings of what could have been your creature."
"I suspect so," Betty said, without any hint of reluctance. "He was here at Culver about the time you and Hank suddenly weren't. We had an uncomfortable conversation where he once again tried to get me to resume the work Bruce and I had been doing on gamma rays. When I told him I still had no interest, he tried to get me to admit I'd been in touch with Bruce after the battle of Manhattan." She pushed her long dark hair back from her face in an unconscious gesture. "At that point, I hadn't but I'm sure he didn't believe me."
The flames on the gutted car were dying, allowing Tony to see that the trunk had snapped open on impact. If Cap's shield was still in there it would be intact, but too hot to handle.
, who had stupidly, casually, as if his own life hadn't mattered, laid it down for Tony on a ridiculous chance and who was now riding up in his elevator as if nothing had happened, as if there hadn't been that horrible, endless gap in his own life when there was no hope left.
"That does not fill me with confidence, Tony. I would have preferred to be asked if I wanted to share my lab space with a prickly biochemist and his graduate student-girlfriend."
"Here goes nothing," Tony said to his suit computer as the unibeam picked out a hole where an engine had been torn away in the explosion.
Steve's heart was pounding as he waited for Bruce to open the tunnel to the Quantum Realm. The case containing the Infinity Stones was heavy in one hand, Mjolnir light as a feather in the other. Steve kept his eyes on Bruce, not wanting to look at either Bucky or Sam, in case either made an instinctive mental leap to figure out his plan. It was an effort to respond to their banter, but he forced himself to answer in kind.
by George Orwell (at least there was one familiar name.) Steve had downloaded a digital copy and been horrified that someone could write with such conviction about such an oppressive society so soon after his war had ended.
While he could probably take the vibranium blade away from her, there might be a cost and he had a responsibility to her, her brother, and everyone else on the planet. So he took a step backwards, lifting his hands, palm outwards.
The missiles exploded like strings of firecrackers but much, much louder. Even just one would have shattered the creature. As it was, the shock waves flung Iron Man backwards in the middle of a hailstorm of dog-bear flesh mixed with a driving rain of blood.
Yes, Steve – he presumed it was Steve – it had better be Steve – had moved away. Possibly out of the workshop and out of his life.
"No bones broken," the unknown, familiar voice replied. "He wouldn't hurt Barnes, even in an emergency."
However, by the time they parked the SUV in the apartment building's private lot, the yellow cab had vanished.
"Stark, have you gone to sleep in there? If not, why don't you let us get on with our job and go mind your own store?"
For a moment he seriously considered heading south to his old home in Malibu and putting all this behind him.
"Couldn't bar Jarvis from my lab," Hank said cheerfully. "He's just like you, Tony; he doesn't shut up until he gets what he wants."
"In a burst of gamma radiation," Iron Man added, and even through the distortion, Steve could hear a whole gamut of emotions, anger and fear at the front of them. He threw a glance at Tony, but the faceplate was still firmly in place.
"I need to go take a look outside," he told Tony, making a half- hearted attempt to extricate himself.
Steve thought about the vulnerable skyscrapers, the subway system and the low-lying islands with growing alarm. "Have you told Tony?" he asked, hoping that his partner would have some ideas.
And Tony gawped. He wasn't sure what he had expected, but it was not an ancient-looking ship floating about six feet above the surface of the sea. It was brightly painted in red and black, its high prow carved into some kind of bird – an eagle, maybe – with an even higher stern. Its single square sail, made of what looked like unbleached canvas or linen, stood out in a curve, as if in a high wind. A long banner, red without device, also streamed forward. But the ship didn't move. And there wasn't any wind.
"Well, maybe he was mistaken. All the same, I know you don't normally sign autographs, but he'd be over the moon—"
Steve was silent, his head turned away from Tony. Plainly, the answer had been all too obvious last night.
And Steve was leaning on him, as if using the armour's strength to keep them both upright. "You're alive," he said, as if he hadn't quite believed the evidence of his eyes. "Oh, thank
"And speaking of portals," Tony said, the hologram displays swirling around his hands, "Selvig's started uploading his work on those pesky portable quantum-bridges. Hey, looks like Foster's had some input too. She thinks they're more closely related to the sort of Einstein-Rosen Bridge used by the Asgardians. Which, you know, would make sense if whoever created it was working with rogue Asgardians – or Norns, whatever."
"Rhodey, Stark International is a multi-national company, with research labs in most of them, plus we fund research in more than a score of universities—"
"It is possible the plane is maintaining radio silence with stealth tech switched on," he added quickly. "Jan has my stealth on her personal jet, so she may have remembered it. If so, there's nothing we can do but wait. And deal with the Panther's problem. So how can we help, T'Challa?"
"SHIELD is still maintaining that there were no casualties," Tony said, leaning back against the lab bench.
Tony's voice said in his ear, and this time only in his ear: "Her father is Army Lieutenant-General Thaddeus Ross, also known as 'Thunderbolt'. She and Bruce were working for him on replicating the super-soldier serum when Bruce's 'accident' occurred."
Tony slumped, rubbing his hands over his face. For a moment there he had felt that all the profound exhilaration of working with the Avengers again. But now it was gone, and all the weight of the changed situation lay on him. Because he had sent them away. For their own good.
Good. He'd managed to distract her. "Like nothing on Earth. It isn't even a world in the way we know it: a mixture of wildly advanced technology and Dark Ages society and things that look very much like magic, at least to me."
"No." Steve's voice cut into the conversation. Everyone turned to stare at him as he drew himself to his full height. "Hogan is primarily a chauffeur, and nowadays he guards Ms Potts. Iron Man is my teammate and my partner. Tony Stark is my boss and pays my salary as his bodyguard." Steve's expression was stern, and the glint in his eye and the tilt of his head dared Tony to contradict him.
Tony was suddenly intensely curious as to how it scanned through the inserts in the hood that masked the eyes of both the Black Panther and White Wolf costumes.
"Obviously not," Steve said. "Though Loki and his allies couldn't have expected to conquer the Earth with what we saw come through the portal."
"When I did so, I saw your friend materialising at Stark Tower, alone. But almost before he drew breath, the case he was carrying exploded, you both appeared from nowhere, and the Time Stone had simultaneously fallen into my hand. The Soul Stone, however, had shattered. I heard your conversation and saw you collect some of the pieces. That was the Event. And you caused it. Somehow."
"Incoming drone," Storm reported, excited but well under control. "And incoming calls. Sound a little panicky, maybe because we're off their radar. Should I—?”
"Betty Ross?" Even the memory of her lifted his spirits slightly. "Put her on speaker. Hi, Helen of Troy. Needing any wooden horses today?"
"Not in the Burke and Hare sense," Tony replied, "but people have been buried with jewellery and expensive guitars and even Cadillacs – oh, and stealing flowers used to be a thing, I think."
The wedding took place twenty-four hours after Steve had been pardoned conditionally when Tony stood surety for him. Steve was sure Tony and Pepper – and possibly Fury – had applied pressure in Washington that might cost them dear. It was conducted by the mayor of New York, who was not only an old friend of Tony's but owed him favours which, until now, Tony had avoided collecting. The only other people present, apart from the prospective husbands, were the Vision, Natasha Romanoff and Virginia Potts. Both grooms wore blue suits, red ties and white shirts. The flowers were red and gold. Tony had made the rings himself, but the vows had been written together.
