Steve shook his head. “No idea. T’Challa didn’t tell me anything.”
"Have
“What the hell?”
He stood in the center, arms crossed over his chest. In one hand, hidden in the crook of his elbow, was the insignificant weight of a flip-phone that felt as heavy as the whole world.
She gave him a tentative, shaky smile. “Yeah? It’s...good?”
“That is not what I meant, although I do enjoy being the Black Panther,” he said with warm eyes. “What I mean is that I am grateful for this. This moment right here. Talking to you, the woman who changed the world once and has yet to stop.”
the table in what Toni assumed was supposed to be some kind of intimidation tactic that didn’t appear to be working in the slightest if Strange’s cavalier smile was anything to go by.
“If you have any problems with the arm you let FRIDAY know.” She didn’t turn around as she spoke but Bucky wasn’t really expecting her to anyway. “Doesn’t matter what it is. If your reaction time is point zero three fifths of a second off I wanna know about it. I don’t
“Hey,” Sam gently cut in. “Don’t do that. It’s not all on you, okay? Toni’s just shit at communicating in general. It’s just the way she is. Maybe we should’ve gotten the truth out of her but maybe it wouldn’t even have mattered. Things just escalated so quickly and all of us were way in over our heads. So you’re not the only one to blame. We all made a choice. We could’ve stopped it at any time if we’d just
Toni felt her face heat up. “Has anyone ever told you how nice your voice is? I mean is that a kingly thing, because I’m a girl at heart and being a princess has always been a dream of mine. Are you taken?”
was a
“The Compound,” she replied. “Happy told us what happened to the plane. What you did. We went to find you.”
Toni almost laughed. Healing. Such a funny,
Clint didn’t have anything to say to that because it was an age-old debate that he’d never given much heed because during his entire career with SHIELD and the Avengers, the lines had been
Toni waited until she heard Laura go inside before tilting her head up.
“Cowards,” she snorted, then sobered, gazing down at the kids, down at where Scott was making funny faces at Nate, who looked like he didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. “Since we’re in the mood for sharing…” Hope trailed off, her entire demeanour now hesitant and tentative, and Toni had to give her credit for looking Toni in the eye as she said her next words, even as Toni’s own heart sank. “Scott told me something. It wasn’t his place but...I think he just wanted everything to be out in the open between us, so.” Toni already knew what she was going to say, but her jaw was glued shut and even if it weren’t, she didn’t know that she wanted to stop Hope from saying what she was going to say next. “Scott told me about...about what happened in Siberia.”
The sound of Steve’s humming was interrupted by the front door sliding open and King T’Challa walking in followed by-
She lingered for two more seconds, nodded sharply, then walked past him, her standard issue boots making muffled thumps on the floor as she left.
She’d given Pepper the redacted version of Siberia, same as Rhodey, but whereas he kept his disbelief and judgments to himself, Pepper had no reservations calling bullshit.
From a man named Yinsen.
By the time Toni had got up to leave Pepper was already picking up her phone to call SI’s trusted PR team to inform them that they were going to be outsourced for a massive contractual gig very soon. They were given the bare bones of the Accords and Toni’s plans for when it came to the Rogue Avengers - Toni cringed at the name - but Toni had faith they’d be able to come up with the right kind of spin. They’d pulled her out of more than a few scandals in the past, after all.
And it made warmth and guilt in equal measure rise up inside of him.
“And eight more countries ratified the Accords just this week,” Vision supplied with a nod that could only be described as proud. “We are, as they say, making very good headway.”
so that’s what I’m doing here. Because if I don’t say it now I’ll keep putting it off and I just need you to know that you are so special to me and I’m so,
When Stark whirled back around again, she
“Helen said something similar. I suppose I could do with the extra time,” Toni mused in a funny voice. “I have other things to do. Like with The Room. And...a new suit. Maybe I’ll release a new tablet. And that thing with Helen. You know me; busy, busy, busy.”
“Yeah, we named her.” Laura nudged her shoulder. “We called her all sorts of names.”
So perhaps he’d breached something very important by waving aside his self-imposed boundary; privacy was very personal to humans after all, but all his life...all his virtual life, rather, he’d safeguarded the privacy, the
She could’ve said
Before she left, his eyes already getting heavy as she made her way to the door, she added in a soft voice that made his heart soar,
What was it?
as he watched the hallway beyond Steve’s room with a clenched jaw. Sam’s attention was focused solely on Steve, a concerned furrow between his brows.
“Our main issue is the power source and Helen and I had to tweak the compound that it’s made of somewhat. It’s similar to the energy created by the arc reactor but we’re gonna have to manually finetune the modulation to match your neural frequency, otherwise things are gonna get a little...glitchy. Which would be useless because as much as I’d pay to watch you inadvertently punch yourself in the face every five seconds...well.” She smiled loftily. “I don’t think Cap’ll be too happy if we mess up that pretty face.”
“Too far,” he whispered.
to create, to build or invent. It was artistry in its own way, addictive and more times than not obsessively and darkly so.
“Sorry,” she murmured after a time. “I’m being self-absorbed and fatalistic. I tend to make things about me. It’s a character flaw.”
“How does it feel, Colonel?” Helen asked, a shaky smile on her lips. People might have mentioned bedside manner and a doctor’s duty to distance themselves from the patient but seeing the crack in her composure and the genuine emotion on her face was beautiful. It was the
chosen Vision instead. And she might’ve had she known of Vision’s stealth mode capabilities because some of the shit that Peter got up to was enough to give her twelve heart attacks and a fucking aneurysm.
She shook her head and blinked rapidly against the night that kept closing in, closer and closer until she was inside of it, until it was all she knew.
The anticipation in shaking fingers that traced down the side of her jaw. The need. The
Laura opened her mouth to say something, then seemed to think better of it and just sighed, heavy and weary.
He felt Nat look at him with something that felt like regret, maybe sympathy. He barely felt her gentle pat on his shoulder before she left, leaving him with an epiphany he didn’t know what to do or how to deal with.
“Got into a school here, actually. Tennyson’s Green? It’s a prep school. I was gonna surprise you tomorrow but then I met
After what felt like minutes Stephen licked his lips then pressed them tightly together, inhaling once, sharp and shuddering through his nose, and Toni’s heart broke at the look on his face.
“Yeah,” she rasped, then cleared her throat and said louder, “Yes.”
, Nat’s mind helpfully supplied - and she did indeed have wings, buzzing, fluttering things of beauty. They retracted and disappeared entirely when she turned around, and Nat had a spark of recognition when she saw her face.
Vision chuckled. “I shall leave that to the Colonel.”
, in her open palms.
, how was anything okay?
“I will never understand why you two dislike one another,” T’Challa said, the corners of his eyes crinkling with humor. “Shuri says it’s because you both like to think that you found me first and neither one of you are good at sharing. I did not tell her that I am very aware of her silent war with Mr. Keener when it comes to impressing you with inventions and groundbreaking scientific theories. Somehow I don’t think she would’ve taken it well.”
It was subtle, barely perceptible to the naked eye but
“How did you get in here?”
And when he spoke it was quiet, bereft of anything other than the truth.
She’d said ‘okay.’
Ultimately his one failure in trying to understand her justifications behind her actions was the fact that he didn’t know anything about her.
She glanced at the door then back at him. “No more resistance than a door usually exerts,” she said slowly.
“I,” he said on a quiet exhale, with restrained longing, like he couldn’t bring himself to
Helen’s shoulder lifted in a vague shrug. “It’s your life.” Then she reached into her pocket and pulled out one of those generic orange bottles, filled with small blue pills that rattled against the cylindrical walls. “Take one before you go to sleep,” she murmured, looking her right in the eye and it was only then that Toni saw the haunted nightmares that cast brown and purple shadows under her eyes, hastily hidden by a layer of concealer.
“Thanks FRIDAY.” He smiled at Toni, tired and strained. “Guess I should be getting to bed. It’s a long drive.”
God, she felt like jumping off a cliff without the suit. Or groveling. In that order.
“The stuff’s all contained,” he panted, like he was running. “There’s some dude tied up but no sign of Spider-Man-”
“He never said a word.”
The concept was...strange, Bucky thought.
When he finally spoke, he sounded a little lighter.
A sharp pain, brief like a the flash of a camera, lanced outwards from the center of her chest, right behind the arc reactor, and shot down her arm. She winced almost as an afterthought, absently rubbing the tips of her numb fingers together beneath her rubber gloves.
“Oh, fuck, sorry,” she stumbled, unwrapping his hand then, before she could grab a new roll, brought it up to eye level and squinted at it, the wonder in her eyes a glowing, blue light. “Wow. Speed healing sure is something, huh?”
Too close.
I had to do everything myself.
And yet there you are, standing over the spot where you had once forced me through the ground, using the very powers that
of his soul filled the chamber and rested against the edges of her consciousness, and she opened her eyes, tugged into the present from her half-doze. His hand landed atop hers, alerting her to the sting of her nails digging into her thighs, and she made a conscious effort to relax her fingers until she could lace them through his.
“Yes.”
Toni nearly jumped at the honest-to-god, no other way to describe it,
Lila and Cooper scrambled to comply, obviously eager to get back to whatever they were doing before dinner. Lila caught Toni’s eye and smiled shyly, murmuring as she passed, “I hope your arm gets better soon, Aunt Toni.”
. And maybe, just maybe, it was going to be okay. “Thank you for this, y’know?” He tossed the phone in the air and caught it again.
“Help me get him to the car.” It wasn’t a request and were she not clearly worried about jostling him and causing more damage, T’Challa suspected she likely would have and could have carried him herself.
Just a jagged shape around the door, and she had walked right through it.
He knew it down to his bones, down into sinew and marrow, down to the very components of matter that made him
She sat up.
to call her by that title!”
Strange stood smoothly, straightening out his clothes. “Don’t worry about me, Ms. Stark,” he said, and she watched him perform a small, almost careless circular gesture with his hands, opening up one of those fizzing portals Agent Fern had been grumbling about. “I can see myself out. I look forward to hearing from you.” Then he nodded at Peter and Shuri, both of whom seemed too intrigued by the portal to say goodbye, and with a parting grin at her he stepped through and disappeared.
you even?”
She blinked, staring at a bunch of concerned faces from around the table.
“My mother had one of those bracelets,” Toni recalled as her heart slowed in tempo. “My dad gave it to her.” She didn’t need to mention that it was probably after he’d stolen enough vibranium to make Cap’s shield and had been waiting for someone special to gift rare Wakandan jewellery to. He got the gist of it. “I liked it. Don’t know where it is.”
many lies.
into the more tender parts of a person’s soul.
“And you’re being an idiot,” she added, as she settled down on the bed beside him.
“It’s gonna be okay, y’know?”
“Shh,” Wanda shushed just as the hum from the TV audience died down.
Laura sighed. “What do you need me to do?”
Just an unspoken word that hung between them like an open wound.
she kept forgetting - turned around, lowering his hands. His forehead was shiny with exertion and his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Cloak was hovering over Shuri, who seemed to be conversing with it and showing off her findings using exuberant hand movements. Vision was, once more, using the Mind Stone to seamlessly solder two wall panels together.
She hummed sympathetically but it was aimed at him rather than the fact that HYDRA had managed to get away with a very advanced piece of technology, the intended use for which remained unknown by anyone other than HYDRA themselves. He suspected that Toni had burdened herself with so many things that this was just another sugar cube on top of an already precarious mountain.
was becoming treacherous if the number of times she’d been resting on his bed only for FRIDAY to alert them that Wanda was outside looking for Vision was anything to go by - just so that she wouldn’t have to encounter any of the others.
Her hair was frizzy, the curls unwound, and they would have fallen in haphazard cowlicks had she not tied it into a short, low ponytail. There was a small stain from a coffee splatter on her left sleeve. Dirt lodged under her nails. Small scars on her hands - burns, cuts, calluses. Some were fading, others were new.
And a lot of us girls got into a huge fight with them about it and I pushed a kid off his chair and told him that Iron Man can be whatever she wants to be. Then we all got detention,” she laughed, spinning around in her seat.
Stephen chuckled softly. “Always looking at the next step.”
him to catch her and smiling as she did it because she
She’d been there for Toni when the Avengers had fallen apart and Toni was unspeakably grateful to have her here when they were trying to put them back together again.
The arm had come to life only moments ago when she had fitted in the core, blue and bright not dissimilar to the appearance of her arc reactor but a fraction of the size. He’d been fascinated by the lines of starlight blue and silver running along the interior of the length of the arm, starting from the base of his shoulder to the skeleton tips of his fingers.
Even more surprising was the fact that Scott had been the one to sit with Barton and toss ideas around. Bucky wondered whether they’d bonded over the shared experience of leaving kids behind. He got a smile on his face whenever he read certain comments in the margin and would say things like,
at him.
that stopped Nat short of decking the woman herself.
,” was Shuri’s deadly certain response. “I’ll analyze everything FRIDAY has given me but I’ll need more-”
His own thoughts about the Accords were complicated to say the least. But he understood them. He understood people’s fear and he understood his own. And he’d seen what Stark and the others had done, how they’d worked hard to ensure they wouldn’t and couldn’t be used as attack dogs. He particularly enjoyed one of the remarks she’d scribbled on the UN Emergency Clause:
She replayed the words over and over, just so she could memorize Peter’s face as she said them, in some morbid sort of self-punishment.
in her ears. When her hand met the door handle she pushed down, urgency, muted and distant, forcing her feet forward until Wanda disappeared, but her ears
“You went to see her,” he said, and it wasn’t a question.
Cloak’s collar
Perhaps it was the grandmotherly patience and the slow way that Ueno spoke that had her hackles lowering until she could think clearly again. Because of course Ueno was right - she usually was.
are the only one with the powers to do so.”
“Yes.”
“I’m putting myself in charge of the Avengers Multi-Organizational Task Force since the last head decided to fuck off after Cap left.”
Clint supplied loudly, grinning tightly, “what if the patient wants us to be there? Y’know, for moral support? Or we might actually
And it fucking poured that night.
Steve looked down at his feet, a thousand regrets and a thousand more arguments swirling around in the muck of his mind. Or maybe it was the other way around. To many maybes. Too many almosts.
Dummy and Butterfingers whirred in the corner, making claw-paintings. They’d given Natasha one before. Toni wondered whether it was still up on her wall.
She huffed a laugh. “Yeah, well.”
“Tennyson’s Green. Yeah, I know it. Your mother moved you guys here for that?”
“Already done, Boss.”
“Noted,” Natasha replied. “We’ll keep this close to the chest until a formal contract has been issued. And Toni,” she said, genteling her tone, “don’t worry. We’ll find him.”
“You guys go break the Compound or something. And if you screw up the landscaping I’m sending Happy the pictures. See if he takes you guys out for hotdogs ever again.”
Her lungs constricted.
“I have always respected Toni. With our previous training under Captain Rogers, I did not get to spend as much time with her. The Civil War changed that.”
bad people.
Even Hope, ever prickly and high strung didn’t look ready to jump across the table and throttle Toni. That felt good too. She was still settling into the team, made harder by her first impressions to Vision and Natasha and the dark blue bruise on Toni's face that Rhodey hadn’t been happy about in the least. But Toni had allayed everyone’s reservations when she had FRIDAY pull up scans of the Wasp suit. It was a beautiful piece of tech, complicated and finely-tuned in a way that Toni couldn’t help but admire. Once they were all on the same page about Hope’s capabilities, Natasha had promptly called for a training session with her and Vision.
Peter’s mouth felt like sandpaper and he licked his lips a couple of times before speaking.
And, Toni realized just then, as the situation settled around her like an invisible layer of
,” he interrupted urgently, taking her face in his hands and looking her dead in the eye. She couldn’t have looked away if she wanted to. “You need to promise me that you will not take on any more unnecessary responsibilities that may jeopardize your position within the Avengers.”
“Because I wanted everyone to look at you. Because I wanted Bruce to see what he was missing when the pictures came out online.”
A bitter laugh welled up inside her throat. “Haven’t you heard?” she asked, standing as well and looking him dead in the eye. “I can’t really be trusted with my own creations.”
He sighed and pushed himself out of the chair, surveying the room around him. When he’d first walked in after months away he found it exactly the way he’d left it, down to the partially open drawer and the leather jacket he’d tossed onto the bed. And it had been too much of a reminder, felt too much like he’d been left behind while the world moved on.
Wake up!”
“Things I couldn’t control. Things
Still, he was doing good and for a kid who had done some of his best work wearing a pair of modified pajamas, she was proud and happy for him.
So whatever ideas of her own that she had when it came to Laura and her kids, she kept them to herself for now and continued, to fiddle with things around the house, trying to make the Barton family’s life here just a little easier.
She was over the motherfucking moon when T’Challa threw up the first batch of personal contracts on the holoprojector and saw nods and thoughtful note-taking from more than a few representatives because yes,
She nodded, dithering in place and staring up at him like an idiot while T’Challa’s expression became increasingly concerned and HR woman’s impatience carried down the hallway like a frosty breeze.
Some nights it helped. Some nights she couldn’t stop shaking and let Vision’s deep voice wash over her until she fell into a half-doze against his shoulder.
“You didn’t call.”
“Nope.”
But the sound of the door swishing open had her heart ratcheting up into her throat and suddenly she was as wide awake as she’d ever been.
“How’ve you been, Vision?” she found herself asking. Because it was important. He may not have been hers, not in the way JARVIS and FRIDAY were, not in the way the bots were, but she’d had a hand in it. And she’d never be so cruel as to let him know that in the beginning she’d hoped for something else but gotten him instead.
She wrote until her fingers ached, until her neck stiffened, until the sun rose, until Laura peeked through the door that was slightly ajar, gazing in awe at the numerous screen projections floating around Toni like a halo of magic and technology.
Therapy. Evals required to be made by an independent psychiatric board. He was confined to the Compound, save for special missions, until the Panel was satisfied that he wasn’t a danger to society. It made Steve’s insides twist but Bucky just nodded like it was to be expected. It was obvious they couldn’t submit any of Shuri’s work with Bucky seeing as no one, not even the Council, knew where he was. He wondered how the Avengers intended to explain that. Or whether it was just an unspoken thing: an I know you know and I know you know that I know but we’re going to keep pretending.
be concerned over his well being...
“I’m listening.”
And in that moment it was just the two of them in this space of quiet, in this second where all the doors were open, where every hurt was unveiled, and he thought that if he could only just
“Oh, right. Sorry, Mr. War Machine sir!”
After a long moment Toni’s expression smoothed out again but Laura continued to stroke her hair until she was satisfied Toni wasn’t going to wake up.
She knew. She knew that really well. Oh, she could do it if it was Ross but she’d rather not think of the amount of paperwork, or dirty dealing she’d have to do to get him to yield. Or what it would cost her in the long run.
the injury. Whatever will is either off-world or hasn’t been invented yet. One day, though.” Unlike before there was a little spark in the good doctor’s eyes. “We’re so close I can feel it.”
Stilted politeness, awkward silences, overall avoidance of the Rogues, although that term didn’t exactly apply to them any longer, especially once the Council and the Panel received their contracts and their individual signed copies of the Accords.
Steve stared at his team, the team that followed him even though he didn’t deserve any of it. Even when things were bad, even when the world was falling down around their ears, these little moments filled him with warmth and steeled him for the challenges that he was certain were going to come.
Laura bit her lip. “Who’s ‘we’?”
he was gonna do? He wasn’t gonna just let it be. Peter doesn’t just give up and walk away from a fight just because some asshole like me tells him to. He’s...he’s so
“I...what?”
Ackerman and Ueno briefly shared a passing look before turning back to her.
is what she didn’t say but T’Challa probably heard it anyway, the intuitive bastard.
A long time ago Jarvis had stood with her on the cold grounds of the Mansion and taught her that the universe beyond Earth was more beautiful than she could ever imagine. New York and a nuke had robbed her of the brilliance of that memory. And now, for the first time in forever, it was like she was back on those familiar grounds on a cool April night with the person she’d loved the most in the entire world standing right behind her.
“Why does Stark sleep in your room?” Vision remained silent and Wanda took a step closer. “I’ve felt her presence in there almost every time I came looking for you.”
“We’ll monitor your neural activity over the next few days but,” she trailed off, something like hard-won relief in her smile, “I think it will.”
There were bags under her eyes.
hate Toni.
“Okay,” she began, tapping a rhythm on the outer edge of the arc reactor. “Let’s see. You ever seen Brady Bunch?”
She counted his footsteps as she made his way towards her, feeling somewhat disconcerted by his very
“Space and
Barton was standing in the doorway of his bedroom, mouth parted in shock.
“You want it?” Van Dyne challenged -
By the time they’d removed the penultimate component of the implant and gotten started on the section that was actually embedded into Barnes’ bones, nine hours had passed and every doctor and nurse present was sweating, hungry, thirsty or all three all at once.
“Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, ladies and gentlemen. The man I want to talk to you about today. A man framed and wrongly accused of a murder he did not commit. A man tortured and experimented on by HYDRA for
the city if she stood on the roof. But down here she could pretend even as they walked the perimeter of the giant monument of memories.
Natasha’s eyes never strayed from the screen; her expression was blank but Toni knew her well enough to see the way she broke the interrogation down to its smallest working parts, memorizing every nuance in the perpetrator’s tone, every facial twitch and analyzing every single one of his words as Toni might analyze a piece of tech.
The fact that Hope had held her own against each of them earned her respect at least and Toni was pretty sure Natasha had upped her game when Hope had actually managed to clock her in the face. That had been hilarious to watch and Toni derived a smug sense of satisfaction when Natasha punched her right back, quick and deadly.
(See the end of the chapter for
She stood and Toni allowed herself to be tugged to her feet.
” Toni declared, perhaps more forcefully than necessary. “Oh my god, no, c’mere, you.” She practically dragged Kamala over and wrapped her arms around her, getting a faceful of luscious brown hair and the scent of rose water and black tea. “How could I
“You should be ashamed of yourself,” Sam muttered.
She opened her mouth to argue - and defend both her dignity and her abilities - when she took in the playful glint in his eyes and saw how hard he was trying not to smile.
Irreparable.
“I’m also really bad at this whole…life thing. I don’t function like most people. People used to have to pull me out of alcohol and drug-induced comas. It wasn’t pretty. Lots of vomit cleanup. Now it’s caffeine but, if research is anything to go by, that’s pretty shitty too.”
, ghosted through her like a cold breeze through leafless trees.
, but I was so goddamn tired.” She finally turned around, thankfully not crying, but Toni couldn’t deny that the poor woman looked worn out.
“With the Accords,” she said, and Toni could see that it was probably the most honest thing that could have come out of her mouth.
Alone.
That was...that was
If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
way his eyes followed every movement Stark made.
, of all people, would want to help him after you nearly tried to kill him. After you very nearly
since they’d been back and Steve still felt as purposeless and adrift as he had in Wakanda.
she asked again, taking a moment of relief when Peter swung down from the building with the last of his rescuees. “Who the hell’re you?”
“And then I came along. And brought all my problems with me,” Toni stated, feeling small.
“Jarvis,” she said aloud, not entirely certain whom she was addressing because both would’ve given suitably dry responses. “What do I do?”
“FRIDAY,” she gasped, stretching her hand out far in front of her but she couldn’t see it, she couldn’t
hard to touch him. While Nat herself had done her fair share of public announcements and declaring her stance, she was a smallfry compared to the likes of Toni and Steve.
“Well, you stepped into superhero-ing very gracefully. Almost panther-like,” she teased.
“A worthy pastime, I’m sure,” he said, the corner of his mouth quirked upwards in amusement. “And I am ashamed to admit that right now I would much rather be sitting in a pillow fort psychoanalyzing our childhoods or watching dubious pornography with you than working towards the betterment of my country in my own home.”
She owed Nat a goddamn break. She may have most of them fooled but Toni knew her trip to Wakanda tomorrow was weighing heavy on her mind.
“About?”
“You really don’t, do you?” she murmured, as if to herself, and Toni had the strangest urge to reach out and pat her shoulder.
Peter fondly rolled his eyes at them and shook his head before looking up and meeting Toni’s eyes. He waved enthusiastically and Toni smiled back, feeling her lungs slowly start to thaw and the sounds of the training room enter her ears once more.
to it that Toni was familiar with. It was the kind of silence she let seep out of her when people tried to ask her about Afghanistan or the wormhole. It was the distant look Natasha got sometimes when she saw ballerinas on TV, or how Rhodey would cut a training session short and step out of War Machine, claiming his legs were tired even though the suit took all of his weight.
She narrowed her eyes at the seemingly inconspicuous door, trying to see what he was seeing, and let out a small “oh” when she found it.
It was the only sound she could hear. The word rang like a bell and tapered off into nothing and yet still its echo lingered in the silence.
“Can I...is it all right to watch the procedure?”
“Hey.” Steve looked up at Bucky’s barely-there nudge. “You okay?”
In his moment of distraction, he didn’t notice the large robot coming his way until the chart exploded wildly in front of him and he was suddenly face to face with a giant
The others, who had been torn between Toni and the evidently important exchange taking place behind them, were looking both irritated at the interruption and anxious, Wanda’s eyes flickering between red and grey-brown.
Toni felt her good mood drop and settle like mulch in the base of her belly. Just one more, she kept telling herself. Just one more step and she could get over this hurdle.
After several long moments he spoke again.
P.S. as always, this fic is beta-ed by myself so if I miss anything, I do apologize.
“Later, Wasp,” Natasha called hurriedly. “I need someone on level thirty stat!”
, Rhodey. How the fuck- I mean she’s
This was...not that.
Bucky looked at the ground, squeezed the wrapped up shoulder once more, then let his hand drop and rose to his feet.
“Just a contingency,” she said slowly and just a little too lightly. “While we’re modulating the internal powersource so it links to your nervous system there’s a...
Toni sighed, leaning back in her chair. “And I’d rather hide in a pillow fort than face…” She waved her hand vaguely. “All that.”
He nodded slightly and tried for a smile. “We’ll get there. You hear me? We’ll get there.”
“FRIDAY, throw up the schematics for the prosthetic implements I was working on at Laura’s.”
The reverberation of metal against glass.
Had she made it for anyone else she would’ve thought it was fucking cool.
“Then I will be with you when you do it. We will fix this.”
the wrong thing to say if the weight of judgment in glowing red eyes was any indication.
Hope pulled a face and Toni sent Harley an exasperated look across the room. “Gee, I wonder why. Vision, how’s she looking?”
“Thanks,” Steve murmured, grimacing at his hands. “You’re doing a far better job at holding the team together than I am at the moment.”
.” She hated being called that. “And I dunno, maybe a year ago? Isn’t that the going rate these days?”
The words were caught in her throat, a dozen of them warring for dominance, but ultimately her lips remained stubbornly shut.
getting better at your own style.”
But she loved it whenever she was sat somewhere with Vision or T’Challa, passing notes and holograms back and forth, and Kamala would come over, hover nervously for a moment before Toni made space next to her, and proceeded to show her all the cool things she’d learned to do with her body.
“No,” Toni said softly. “I wouldn’t do that to them. That would be cruel.”
“You mean the shoulder or me having to go under?”
than that.
“Awesome,” Toni said distractedly, fiddling with the monitor for one more moment before stepping back. “FRIDAY, we got an uplink?”
They could do this.
All the things that she might actually want to hear.
“I...I uh…”
She looked at him with something like wonder and swallowed thickly when he leaned in close, his expression so open and genuine and she might have fallen a little bit in love with him right then.
It would be easy to get used to this.
His eyes never left hers and Toni felt the challenge in them:
“Ms. Van Dyne,” she greeted carefully, stepping forward, and Nat already could see her eyes breaking apart every single component of the other woman’s suit. “How’s dad?”
was, he was discovering, even more crucial now than it had been before he’d first put on his army fatigues.
Toni nodded. “First law of thermodynamics. A basic yet fundamental rule of the universe. Even if the universe has
you to let it alone.”
,” Peter interjected, sounding equally as excited as he grinned at Toni. “Those portals would be hella useful in the field, depending on how quickly he can make one. Whatever the case I can
. The
“Yes, it does and you
Cooper nodded with a thoughtful expression, so similar to Clint’s that she wondered how Laura could stand it sometimes.
So she had her lawyers draft up a contract if ever Kamala intended to pursue a career in Avenging and hero-ing - which Toni was becoming increasingly convinced she would considering how starry-eyed she got watching them all train together - and started working on a basic suit for her to accommodate for abrupt changes in size. Hope had been fantastic in that particular aspect of the suit and they’d worked so well together on it that by the time their first prototype was done Toni was fairly certain that Hope’s perpetual desire to knock Toni’s teeth in had dropped by at least twenty-five percent.
“My duty,” he repeated to himself, conflicted.
imagine what it’s like for you now, as a king or as the Black Panther. But I know you’re doing better than your best because that’s just what you do. And if you ever need help you have more people than you know who are willing to give it to you.”
When he finally spoke it was just three words.
“You mind hooking him up for me, Vis?” Stark asked, stuffing the colorful wires back into the machine. “I’ve almost got this sorted.”
“Take a seat.”
she might have asked. Please save him? Please talk to me? Please, please, just
that she could practically
Toni didn’t have time to dwell on that rare and momentous occasion of synchronicity, and tore out across the grass towards the gate before T’Challa had even fully jumped into the passenger’s seat.
, that it was important, it was
If he closed his eyes he could almost imagine being back on the farm on a summer’s day, the doors and windows all open so everyone could hear the TV; Cooper would be out back creating one of his wooden modern art pieces that he was obsessed with; Lila would be at the kitchen table pretending to be an anchorwoman and Laura would be standing behind Nathaniel and helping him walk on chubby legs.
“Toni.” Hearing her name from those lips shouldn’t have been this painful.
in everything the word encompassed
It was like forgetting how to breathe.
Bucky frowned a little. “I never said that I didn’t want you to be the one to do it.”
“Damn right. Sometimes I don’t know whether to just let them run free with all their crazy ideas or cover them in bubble-wrap.”
The three of them shared a glance before Toni turned back to Maria, face expressionless.
“Wanda.” The name came quietly from her lips, barely a whisper, and scarlet sparked in her periphery, causing her heart to seize in her chest. Stephen, casual and quiet, came up by her on cue. “This is—”
“What-?”
He only hoped Toni had this, wherever she was.
“Oh,” she said quietly, then slammed her hands on the table, making Peter jump. “You want to-”
“Because they flouted the
of what he’d done.
“Evidently he
“FRIDAY, Mrs. Barton,” she said in a quiet but cheerful tone. “I believe Boss has mentioned me several times. It’s a pleasure to be able to finally meet you.”
opened up for
” he snapped, unable to stop himself and finding that he had little want to.
The twittering of lights translated itself to AI laughter and Toni basked in the nostalgia of it as the first of Peter’s first person recording was brought up. She settled in the chair and just watched.
As if Toni
“On my way.”
was your one free pass.” She smiled and it wasn’t a nice smile at all. “Try anything else without asking first and I’ll blast a flamethrower in your face, got it?”
Bucky knew it well.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, and the two of them situated themselves behind the couch that Clint and Scott had commandeered.
“I love it,” she’d cried, holding the plain black outfit out in front of her. “Oh my gosh, I love it! Thank you so much, thank you, I can’t- I can’t believe you made- Does this mean I can be an Avenger one day? Because that would be awesome and I wanna be like you guys and help save people and- Guys, this is just so cool! Now I just need a hero name!” She proceeded to cry and threw her arms around a rigid Hope’s waist first and then around Toni, who awkwardly patted her on the back. Then she ran off declaring that she was going to try it on and that everyone had to stay where they were.
to look at the decisions that have led you to this point. I ask you to look and what you want for this world and for the people in it. I ask you to look at your people.” She looked at hers once by one, even the ones that weren’t here. Vision nodded at her, Rhodey smiled, Nat was a pillar of strength and T’Challa looked so, so
“Well, then,” she laughed, dry and mirthless, “We’ve all got our work cut out for us, don’t we?” Then her face changed and she smiled, small but real, at some unseen point on the table. “Then again, with the fate of the world resting on our shoulders, we always have, haven’t we?”
When Nat finally set the jet down on the Compound’s landing pad at four in the morning on a Saturday, Vision was already waiting for her. Seeing as their relationship consistently maintained a certain level of distance and professionalism in equal amounts, the fact that he was witness to her return was unexpected to say the least.
“Am I?” he asked tightly, crouching low to swipe her feet.
Rhodey took a step forward, his hands hovering - not touching - the parallel bars. His braces stood against the wall. He’d always need them, at least until she could find a permanent fix for what he’d lost, but here he was. Walking. Unaided. By himself.
Was she okay? She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been okay. Was it last week when she and Peter had spent time together in one of the training rooms, just hanging from the ceiling and thirty feet of empty space below them? Maybe it had been last night when she and Vision had walked around the Compound for the last time when it was just them. Maybe it was when T’Challa had slipped a woven bracelet, glittering with tiny flecks of crushed Vibranium, around her wrist and said,
“The second session will resume in an hour,” FRIDAY informed her gently. “You have a while-
. I passed out, thought I was gonna die, which would’ve been preferable, mind you because it was fucking cold. But then I woke up. And I realized that nobody was coming, that I’d been left there to die. Like vermin.” Her lip curled and she felt something ugly twist inside her chest where the mangled parts of her heart were being slowly shredded by weapons of her own making. Because it had been like Afghanistan all over again. “So you know what I did? I crawled my way out. Like
By the time Toni looked back over her shoulder, the space through small square window in the door was already clouding over with a crackling sound as Stephen manipulated the mirror dimension, locking her out and sealing Wanda
“If I’d known I was going to be the princess of Wakanda’s magical test subject, I would’ve activewear.”
“That in itself seems to be a problem. Additionally, you seem to have conveniently forgotten that you and five of your friends are currently labelled international terrorists and are hiding out in a country that has only recently revealed its true self to the world.” She sent him a dry look followed by a punch that got him in the ribs. “You are essentially pampered prisoners. A gilded cage is still a cage.”
Laura nodded grimly. “Or both.” She let out a frustrated huff and ran her fingers through her hair. “She shouldn’t be having to play mediator like this. It’s not the child’s responsibility to create level ground between her parents’ bullshit.”
For someone who couldn’t help himself when it came to defying authority and standing in the middle of chaos of his own making, Steve seemed to covet structure and taking orders.
“No way,” Peter exclaimed. “I love deep fried macaroni balls!”
“Listen,” she continued with a dragged out hesitation reserved for people being taken to the gallows, “I know you’ve...probably seen the news and all that stuff on the Accords and contracts and all.”
She gazed down at their entwined hands. “Really?”
“Toni?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
And there was-
to Toni before she disappeared.
Toni leaned forward, elbows on the table as she rested her chin in the cradle of her hands.
“I’ve watched you since I was a little girl. I
“Back! Everybody get back now!” she shouted, shooting the larger pieces of debris into harmless dust before they could compromise Roxxon and the tentatively contained explosion that was still going on inside that green sphere. Seriously
from the place where metal met flesh, something clicking into place in his brain and he
Toni narrowed her eyes, her shoulders tense and Vision was hovering by her side in less than a second while Nat got onto the comms and started murmuring orders about increasing security and double-checking for any more HYDRA threats. Only Coulson looked unaffected,
On screen, Toni was a vision. Steve had never seen anything more beautiful than he did in that moment when she uttered one strong, breathless word.
“Tell me, Steve,” she demanded in a low voice. “How far did you go?”
Thankfully she was saved from having to come up with anything more when FRIDAY’s voice filtered through the room’s speakers.
There were words thrown. So many words thrown. And as much as he loved Steve from the bottom of his very cold and very unworthy heart, not all of them were undeserved.
T’Challa nodded solemnly but there was an edge of excitement bubbling beneath the surface of his skin, like conviction, like
“I love you,” she blurted and there was a very long, very uncomfortable length of silence where she’d somehow managed to render the Black Panther and the king of Wakanda speechless. When he finally opened his mouth to speak she spoke over him again. “Pepper says I need to work on it. Telling my friends and the people around me how I feel. Specifically telling people how I feel about
Hope nodded, her expression betraying nothing but understanding, acceptance and maybe even agreement.
to take a look inside this girl’s brain and find out everything she knew about everything.
There were no words of comfort Toni could offer, none that could ease all these new and rapid-fire emotions that Vision was both discovering and learning to
She wasn’t sure whether that was rhetorical so she tread cautiously. “No. But for what it’s worth, you look like you’re doing a great job.”
Something exploded, sending marble blocks and debris onto the officers below and Toni had three seconds to grab a couple of feds before they were flattened.
nor the faintly derisive tone she used to refer to the former Avengers. “She has grown very fond of you and has even detailed a list of initiatives to ensure you and your family’s safety. I believe she will start working on them when she returns to New York. And while we are all extremely grateful to you, Laura, for looking after our creator, I believe it is time for her to return home.”
The Avengers needed to be ready.
“Show me everything, KAREN,” she hastened, shaking her head of the memories, as if she could rattle them right out of her skull. “Everything Peter’s been up to. All his missions and small jobs. I wanna know it all.”
She wanted to fix this. He needed to know that her thoughts and feelings on what was going to happen didn’t
Toni hissed and stood, and goddamn but in these heels she wasn’t intimidating anyone, least of all Natasha.
Steve’s heart wrenched in his chest even as he grinned back and nodded.
“Thank you,” she breathed. “For everything.”
And that
“Yeah. I’m ready.”
When you choose to plant yourself like a tree, someone has to compromise. Someone will have to move.
Rosie rolled in on her little wheels with a tall glass of something green balanced precariously on her back. Toni bent down to pick it up and patted the happily chirping robot on her visual implement before the little bot zoomed back out again, likely to tell Vision that she’d successfully completed her mission.
She pressed the palm of her free hand to her forehead and rubbed circles around the budding migrain, wincing under her breath.
Her lips were parted in an almost-smile the likes of which he hadn’t seen since their first fight on the Helicarrier, and there was something similarly flinty and razorlike in her wide eyes.
And then he heard Nat’s quiet footsteps and the tempoed click of Rhodey’s cane as they both entered through the single door in murmured conversation.
“I can help with the eggs,” he said, pulling out a bowl and a fork. “Scrambled’s easy enough.”
Toni grimaced behind her mask at the flesh that was weeping blood and puss. “In addition to his healing factor, going into cryo so often must’ve been slowing it down all the while. It was a good thing he decided to go under in Wakanda or this could’ve been worse.”
Toni met Kamala Khan on a Friday night a few weeks after the HYDRA incident, when one Harley Keener turned up on her doorstep with the girl literally hanging off his arm.
She was silent for a long moment and when she finally spoke Vision had to close his eyes at how
of Wanda, of her power, of the red that had seeped into her mind and turned her vision bloody and made her see nightmares of her own making. Neither had she forgiven Wanda for that
. And it was adorable and cool but also kind of embarrassing and Toni felt very undeserving of such hero-worship and genuine awe. She also held Rhodey in high esteem, blushingly calling him ‘Mr. War Machine’ which made him get all awkward and stuttery in return. Toni suspected Kamala might’ve had a little crush. Natasha amazed her and intimidated her in equal parts but a week after Kamala returned to normal she was invited to Natasha’s now infamous training sessions, which helped her lose some of her nerve, especially after her hand grew in size and she nearly would’ve swatted Nat into a wall had she not backflipped - of course she did - right over it in time.
T’Challa had only had to glimpse her face for a second once they’d met outside, before getting Okoye and Ayo to escort her to the nearest bathroom and stand guard.
Natasha had forgotten - how had she forgotten - that the press was allowed in for Toni’s speech and Toni’s speech alone, which meant that this would be
The edges of her vision began to blur, a blackness, the darkest black in the universe, began to seep in, and she stumbled, catching herself against a wall.
,” she whispered so quietly but it cut him to the core. “How far did you go, Steve? You and Barnes?
This time her laughter was real. “You’re sounding better than last time.”
“Okay. I believe you. How...how long do you think it’ll take?”
Instead she stood there, waiting, because she had infinite patience and was very determined to see Toni Stark squirm.
. That’s
Maybe she’d always hate them for what they had taken from her, for what
He could see her in a bedroom at the end of the hallway of a house on a farm.
By the look on Wanda’s face, she was surprised as well.
He didn’t ask
Sam stood quiet but his thoughts, his unyielding
She grinned. “Peter, Shuri and Agent Fern. The grunts tell me she once strangled a man with a bikini bra. I figure she can handle anything.”
After a while that got boring and Toni was practically vibrating in her seat because she decidedly did
“Yeah, yeah,” Toni muttered, and Nat took that as her cue to lead Van Dyne on.
that the same truth from two separate super soldiers could make her feel very different things. So she decided quite promptly to steer her thoughts away before she could dwell too deeply.
Not as much angst as the previous chapter but a heck of a lot of Bucky and Steve and Toni time, with a few sneaky additions here and there. I really hope you all enjoyed the chapter and I'd love to hear your thoughts and theories about what's to come. :)
Her chest clenched painfully, constricting the breath in her lungs.
And Stark owed him
Silence settled between them, murky but not entirely uncomfortable.
Nat knew she wouldn’t. Probably. But Van Dyne didn’t know that.
Also, just a heads up, there will be no chapter next weekend because I'm going on holiday to China (no Google, guys, why). And honestly, I deserve this holiday because I haven't had a break in a year and work has been killing me and also I need to recharge my batteries as well as my muse for this fic because I'm suffering from a serious case of burnout. I do apologize but, well, I've been working on this story for five months non-stop so far so burnout/block was bound to happen eventually.
it,” Kamala agreed. “I wanted to be
Once the AMOTF came back - and Toni was fairly sure that wasn’t the same acronym from before - the Compound came back to life just a little bit more. It was no longer just the three of them, even though they tended to keep to the West Wing and rarely forayed beyond the cafeteria. But it was a quiet comfort when Toni and Vision would work all night until sunrise, then through the open window, hear the sound of syncopated jogging in the distance.
Nobody spoke. They barely moved.
Steve blinked. “Um.” He shook his head. “Sources?” he prompted, raising a brow. T’Challa’s placid smile was surprisingly telling and Steve sighed. “My team?” he stated wryly.
. It was irrational but he was her only link to the others and when she saw him walk down the ramp, as calm and cool as Vision ever was, she had to bite her tongue for fear that she would voice one of the continuous streams of questions and demands that ran through her head.
Back to her.
He licked his lips then nodded, only realizing that he’d been clenching his fist under the table when the tension in his palm and forearm released like a relieved sigh.
He reached across his body with his flesh hand and cupped solid metal.
“Where’s Toni?” she asked once he was done and they began to walk across the grass to the Compound.
.” She almost laughed. Because it was the same old case, wasn’t it? Regardless of who else was fighting, regardless of who else was on the line, as soon as Toni Stark took a stand, everything was on
“He’ll say yes, I know he will. If you tell him we’re working on it together he’ll agree even faster. He-” Shuri cut herself off, shrinking in on herself and looking away awkwardly. It had only been a day, after all. “He trusts you won’t put me in any danger.”
his mind supplied, subconsciously reaching out to touch what appeared to be his breathing rhythm. Molecules of light exploded outward, sounding like tiny fragments of crushed diamonds being poured into a velvet bag, before they gathered back together again.
“-so I go and help her, right? Except when I ask her if she’s okay she punches me in the face with a
“Yeah,” Toni agreed, stroking his hair with an affection that T’Challa knew was hard-earned in its sentiment and made even more precious by the action. She looked up and he met her rawly vulnerable gaze in the mirror. “He’s the coolest.”
“Still an asshole, then. Nice outfit, by the way. Modified carbon fiber and nanite webbing?”
she’d said on the first day.
“Toni.” It was softer this time and Toni could’ve given in. She really could have because it sounded exactly like the woman she used to know. But a very large and very hurt part of her was also
Somehow that even seemed likely.
this just as she said she would.
T’Challa had only mentioned her briefly in passing but she knew that all weapons at his disposal were the creation of one girl alone.
deserve it—”
And even as she walked away and her eyes blurred and pain shot up her arm and the sound of a wormhole rang in her ears, there was enough simmering fire within her to think
Toni blinked slowly. “Send Fury my regards.”
for every single thing you’ve managed to accomplish since I met you.”
. Because Steve may have been wrong about a lot of things. But he wasn’t wrong about
“Did you say somethi-?”
And in that moment, for those short, few seconds, he hadn’t been a monster.
“When will you learn,” T’Challa began slowly, and it took her several long beats to realize that he had spoken, “that people have the right to make their own choices and are therefore bound to the consequences?”
Toni may not believe her own words. This might have been a carefully constructed plan to give the people something to talk about, something to
with yourself whenever you outmaneuver Peter or Hope and I
Then there was B.A.R.F. and most days Toni was blessedly distracted from the Barnes side of things and had immersed herself instead in the study of Vibranium in its various fascinating forms and interweaving Wakandan tech into it, now that she’d had T’Challa’s permission.
She frowned, looking worried. She needn’t have been.
He could never regret saving Bucky.
,” she breathed, eyes wide behind her protective glasses. Then she nibbled on her bottom lip, a small furrow appearing between her dark brows. “Do they feel pain?”
Before he could ponder for too long Stark deftly fitted another piece of the arm into place, then sat back, eyeing her work with narrowed eyes.
His bark of a laugh echoed in the room and Toni resolutely did not flinch at the sound.
“I am relaxed,” Bucky felt the need to reply, and Vision, with his rather intrusively piercing gaze, looked from him to the monitor that had just started tracking his heart rate and made a noncommittal hum in the back of his throat.
. In the same country, on the same soil, in the same
“Hey, Clint.”
So she was immensely grateful when Lang and Hope finally broke away from their groups, meeting somewhere tentatively in the middle. There was a moment where neither of them spoke, hovering in a moment of disbelief and
the cause.”
“Thank you.”
Steve’s arms and thighs were already burning from the continued assault and his bruises barely healed before others took their place. He got into position, cleared his mind as best he could, and moved when they attacked.
“Vision will bring Barnes down to the lab tomorrow at ten sharp. FRIDAY will deal with anyone else who wants to come,” was all she said before the door slid shut behind her back with a cold, mechanical sort of finality, leaving him standing there and not knowing
Pepper signed off and Toni beamed at all of them.
“Guess I’ll see y’all on the other side, huh, pal?”
Laura gazed at the shitty car one more time.
knows that something went down in— in Siberia.” And even after all this time, the name
She remembered...Rhodey’s legs had gotten tired so he’d finally sat down on one of the sofas. Wilson had been standing by the door one minute and sitting by Rhodey the next. At first neither had spoken. And next she knew, Wilson had shook his head, staring down at Rhodey’s legs.
He heard Clint’s footsteps as he came around behind them, strolled over to the fridge, opened it and pulled out a carton of expensive-looking grapefruit juice that had the initials
As usual, any and all errors, spelling mistakes etc. are my own.
There was more than one outcry of shock and protest from the observation room but Stark didn’t even blink, and continued to patiently gaze back at Bucky, who had the sense that he was being
She closed her eyes as Natasha dabbed on the concealer - and Toni thought that the amount she used was  a little bit rude because she didn’t look
Steve rubbed at a phantom ache in his chest, feeling...just
“Yet you told me anyway,” he gently retorted, a smile briefly softening his features.
of the words still felt raw and bloody, but T’Challa’s presence soothed her, like the weight of a heavy but not oppressive hand on her shoulder.
Barnes who had decided, whether through guilt or just
“So,” he said after a while, and Toni immediately knew where this was going.
“It’s
She saw planets and beings. She saw empires rise and fall. She saw growth and death in a cycle of cold and heat.
But Vision was...different. And not in a way she felt particularly comfortable around. Not anymore. Nat prided herself on her propensity to strip a person down and see what they were made of and what they were hiding. Whether it was the fact that he wasn’t even
“Tastes like shit.”
He could almost reach out and
but she knew that something was
A choked sound, like a punch to the gut.
“Well, ‘emotionally charged’ is a new one but the sentiment is the same. Another character flaw. Just as dangerous as all the others, depending on who you ask.”
“How can you be sure?”
Without further ado, on with the chapter~
And she’d been sitting here for almost twelve hours doing...what, exactly?
They had no other choice.
was what she didn’t say but Toni heard it anyway.
“He loves us,” Harley called over his shoulder, already dragging a laughing Kamala away by her wheelie stool.
“And I bet you just
He dropped his hand, feeling tired, so tired, hopelessness rising like a gray wave and threatening to destroy what little faith he had left.
“Bucky? I thought the next session was-”
Instead, Natasha just nodded once and stepped away, though not before Toni caught the way her throat bobbed when she did so. Well, tough fucking titties.
“I’m sure, kiddo. Say hi to Aunt May for me.”
“What times’ it?” he asked around a yawn and Toni sniffed, space and starlight retreating from the edges of her vision until-
Face your demons, and all that.
“I was supposed to be staying with Ned tonight so it’s all good,” he interrupted, his words slurring slightly. “I’ll be fine by tomorrow. She won’t even notice a thing.”
, well she’s...” She shook her head. “She’s something.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Psychoanalyze the significance of pillow forts in adolescents and list out all the ways the lack of such activity in our childhood has affected our psyche?” She shrugged nonchalantly. “Or we could watch porn and make fun of their faces.”
“I’m working on it.”
He could hear her laughter, the surprised, uncontrollable kind that would bring tears to the corners of her eyes and make her face all red.
Rhodey shot back smoothly, though absolutely nothing about his stance indicated that he wouldn’t make good on the threat. “Don’t worry, I’ll let you keep one. That’ll fit your name better, eh,
Toni didn’t know what time it was when Laura finally found her. Today had been a hard day. She’d held Nathaniel a little longer after feeding him; she’d braided Lila’s hair only to take it out and re-do it four more times; she’d helped Cooper put together three separate pieces of art, all the while avoiding his knowing gaze, and she’d forced Laura into a seat and made dinner.
Then Spider-Man landed in front of her blocking his view and the moment was over, the walls coming down with a resounding boom and Toni was unreachable, untouchable in every way.
While Doctor Cho spoke, Stark silently operated the 3D interface so they had a visual accompaniment to the entire sequence.
what day he meant. “That’s the one day that I can’t seem to recall. No matter how hard I try. It’s always just-” He raised his hand, fingers curled as if he could pluck the memory from the air in front of him. “Just
he wouldn’t let her fall. She knew he wouldn’t let her die and there was not a modicum of doubt in that seemingly insignificant little jump.
A grim, unhappy frown flitted across Steve’s face before he sat down on the bench, pressing his side into Bucky’s. There were times, still, where it was difficult to reconcile the sheer
They made it to the roof and Nat had a brief second of panic when she realized Toni was barefoot in a t-shirt and sweats and had
“They’re not my friends,” she replied promptly with a cavalier that she didn’t feel.
', ” T’Challa began slowly, so careful and
He could still feel the cold, sharp pain from where the look in her eyes had pierced him right through the heart.
Everyone was staring at her with various degrees of alarm and surprise.
Then Toni smiled and an irrational
Toni nodded. “Let me know if they find anything. You guys good here? Because I got a
“For you, Ma’am,
“I was wondering,” he began haltingly, then stopped. Toni suspected it wasn’t hesitation so much as uncertainty that made him pause before continuing again. “The day we arrived. You said you had an arm for me. Several. Arms.”
not Clint. A soft chuckle escaped her and she reached out to gently extract a lock of dark hair from Toni’s open, quietly snoring mouth. She recalled coming to Toni’s room to work out battle plans after putting Nate to sleep but didn’t remember closing her eyes for a brief respite. She was grateful the kids didn’t have school in the morning.
He spared her a nod before heading over to the punching bag which Shuri had reinforced at the hook so he and Bucky wouldn’t keep knocking them from the ceiling. There were far more advanced machines in the room but for this at least, he liked to play it old school.
Steve’s chair clattered to the ground as he stood abruptly, eyes wide.
As he left he lab, he couldn’t help but replay the moment Stark had threaded her fingers through his. There had been no fear, no rage or grief, just joy.
“We’re really doing this, huh?”
When he found his voice, it sounded like boots crunching on gravel.
Vision nearly groaned.
“Um. You said that Toni shut you off before she left. So how come you…” She trailed off uncertainly.
and therefore didn’t possess the same tendencies or whether he had just developed a spectacularly solid poker face in her time away, all Nat knew was that her usual skillset wasn’t going to cut it.
“So you are.”
Toni smiled but made no comment as she got to work.
people, Toni knew that she couldn’t afford to make the same mistake with Kamala as she’d done with Peter.
Shuri scowled but there wasn’t any heat, just a rather tired and wistful girl whose worry about her brother competed uncomfortably against her desire to science. Toni had been in similar situations on more than one occasion.
She let out a huff of laughter, still trying to get her bearings. Star Trek’s ending credits were playing on TV. Kamala was asleep with her entire body draped across one of the couches. Shuri was sleepily flicking through her tablet and Peter and Harley were dragging their feet as they cleaned up the drinks and popcorn bowls.
“Inevitable?”
I firmly stand by the notion that Tony loved his mother and that Maria loved him back fiercely. But I also think Maria had her own problems that kept her from being the mother she should've been. Still, I think she and Tony shared a bond, which was made pretty clear in CACW, so it's my hope to emulate that here in this fic as well in future.
So old.
“—just another example that
But T’Challa wasn’t ruffled in the slightest; in fact, he looked almost as if he’d
“I’m mad at me too.”
And the resulting internal political tension was to be expected, no matter how much anyone had
“I’m sorry, Laura,” she said quietly until Laura lifted her gaze from the countertop and offered a small, tired smile.
“I seriously need to buy a box of this stuff before I go.”
Ayo surveyed him with slightly narrowed eyes. “Your ego is surprisingly large if you think you are required in every apocalyptic situation.”
Some unfamiliar emotion passed over T’Challa’s features just then but she didn’t have time to study it as he looked over his shoulder at Shuri, who was still standing, nervous and worried, in the open doorway.
“The longer you put it off-”
“You’re perfect,” she said, then turned his hand over and threaded her fingers through his smooth metal ones and squeezed.
“Hey, Vision?” she called, sliding out of bed.
“And who’s that? SHIELD employs quite a large number of intelligent people.” Coulson remarked loftily and the man snorted disbelievingly, sitting back in his seat.
Had Vision been attempting to emulate human behaviour he might have rubbed the bridge of his nose. Instead, he drifted further into the room, surveying the familiar area with something that felt peculiarly like sadness and loss.
Trying to imagine what she would’ve said. Whether she still would’ve walked away from him.
She arched a brow. “You want me to
“Just because you can take a hit doesn’t mean you should,” Okoye stated flatly, pointing the head of her staff at him.
that tasted like bile at the back of his throat and made him grimace as he pressed his thumb into the center of his palm.
“Toni’s kid,” he replied smartly. “She’s grew me in a test tube.”
It was spoken so quietly that Toni almost didn’t think that she’d said anything at all.
how...If it was me, I...I don’t know that…” She let out a slow breath and placed a hand on Toni’s shoulder, squeezing slightly. “You did good, Toni. Really good.”
No, they wanted Toni Stark to tell them a story. Because people
The corners of Vision’s lips turned upward and he gently patted Dummy’s claw.
And at the same time she couldn’t help but think of another man who had looked like that as he held his metal arm up for the first time and gazed upon it in such
“What- what’s the-!”
Toni always liked to say that the only thing that travelled faster than warp ten was gossip. And apparently that extended to the Compound. There’d never been much for anyone to go on. The team knew to varying degrees that
Ackerman sighed, and to her credit it was almost apologetic. But Toni knew an unyielding woman when she met one.
was a little bit unfortunate, and Toni tried to ignore the sting of rejection at the fact that clearly, Shuri wasn’t her biggest fan.
“There’s food in the fridge or if you like the cafeteria in the other wing is open until nine,” Nat informed them, ever practical. The she gave them a wry grin. “Might be full of recruits, though. Just a warning.”
She gave them all hugs, real hugs, and through it all she could feel Rhodey’s heavy, measuring gaze. She saved Laura for last and had to blink away the moisture that had crept into the corners of her eyes.
There was a smattering of quiet but sincere laughter, a few nodding of heads.
Last Christmas Toni had gotten a faceful of a hallucinogen thanks to some deranged scientist, had crawled into a highly amused Nat’s lap and proceeded to make out with her to the symphony of catcalls and wolf whistles from the others.
And with that needling little voice that sounded strangely like his own came the deluge of images and pained accusations, the whirring of a repulsor, the screech of metal and the clang of vibranium against something both indestructible and fragile.
“Steve.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She didn’t buy it for one second.
Tonight she turned her back on a Siberian bunker. Tonight
It didn’t stop her from discreetly getting FRIDAY to monitor any and all communications within the room and flag up anything that even
for everything the world had in store for her, seeing Cooper smile and knowing she had Laura on her side…
“Toni’ll be happy to see you’ve done your homework.” The remark was loaded with a million things that Steve couldn’t hope to deconstruct so he settled for a somewhat weary,
Steve struggled not to let the entire mood of the room get to him. The longing looks from Wanda, the stoic disinterest from Vision, Clint’s prickliness, Nat’s decisive placement in the room, Rhodey’s professional frostiness and Steve’s own mental turbulence told him everything and nothing about the current state of the team.
She closed her eyes. A flash of metal. Fingers digging into her chest.
“I’m a quick study. And I like to show off sometimes.”
And who knew synthezoids could lie so smoothly? But was it really lying if everybody knew about it?
“You look tired, Ms. Stark,” T’Challa pointed out, almost apologetically so, over a glass of wine.
“No I didn’t,” he admitted, feeling foolish and dumb but also incalculably warm that she’d
Bucky recalled several times, both during and after missions, where his shoulder bled and ached something fierce, and all HYDRA’s doctors would do was extend the shoulder implant just a little further across his collarbone.
The fact that they had the Council and the country reps listening to every word - and ol’ Thaddy looked ready to bust a spleen - showed her just how much they had it handled. There were looks, of course. Looks that asked, where did all these extra amendments come from? Who made them? More than half of said looks were aimed at T’Challa, who weathered it all with enviable impassiveness.
Then she came around the couch to face the music.
Also Shuri! I love that girl so much and I have plans for her, let me tell you.
Toni maintained her focus on her hands wrapping and unwrapping the bandages around Peter’s wrist.
She couldn’t. Not yet. Maybe not ever.
There was a time, not too long ago, when Steve had been on the receiving end of her trust.
at dealing with crying people. “And I’m not even counting the fact that I have a small farm to run and I have to cook and
“We’ll have to run it by T’Challa,” Nat spoke for the first time. “But I don’t think it’ll be an issue. Your input will be helpful with Scott Lang’s case. We can start today, if you like.”
Bucky leaned his weight on his elbows that were resting on his knees, trying to meet Steve’s eyes. He sighed, and when he spoke he tried to channel the Bucky that had gripped his friend’s shoulder after his mother’s funeral and told him that he didn’t have to do it alone.
A voice still whispered in her ear
of my friends-!”
“He has very little regard for personal boundaries. It grows on you after a while.”
“...eight, sev—”
a little gap in reality where the mirror dimension had pulled away from the real world, like the dry spot in the center of coalescing water droplets.
- then stilled when she realized her very uncharacteristic lapse in control and looked at Toni carefully. “I didn’t mean it like-”
“You know you’ve never said anything bad about them in front of me?” Peter interrupted her sharply. “Ever. People say stuff. The news, the internet. But you never have. Not to me or Harley or Kamala. I’d wager not even to Shuri or Mr. Strange. And that’s—” He sucked in a breath through his teeth. “You could’ve told us what went down. What happened after Leipzig. But you haven’t. And I get it; you’ve gotta keep some things to yourself. You want all of us to be as objective as possible when we finally meet your old gang. You want us to be able to trust them. But Toni,” he implored beseechingly, “how can we trust them if you clearly don’t?”
The edges of her lips stretched into a bitter smile. “I didn’t. I just sent a suit, plucked him out of the water and told him to leave the matter alone. Apparently someone’s been stealing alien tech to make weapons. I called the feds so they’ll be on it.”
“I thought we had once had a fairly long discussion about how psychic abilities should be used,” Vision said and he was surprised at just how cold he had sounded.
“I love it,” she murmured, smiling up at him. “Thank you. All of you.”
Because James Barnes was so good that Captain America fought the world for him to prove it. Because had their situations been reversed...James Barnes would not have done what she’d done.
When the news switched out to some situation in Lesotho, Clint disappeared off into his room as he’d taken to doing these days, but not without a tired but genuine look at each one of them - except for Steve - before he left.
Between the loud music and packed dance floor and Vision’s human disguise, they’d bought themselves enough anonymity, at least for a couple of hours.
They had probably left to discuss things, Toni thought. That seemed...likely.
Toni let her gaze rest on them instead of looking up.
“I apologize,” he quietly stated, frowning to himself. “It is not my intention to seek consolation of any sort. I am merely trying to filter through and make sense of these...emotions.”
This was what was going to change things for the better.
“You wanna know why I sanctioned this project.”
In the week after her return to the Compound Toni, Vision and Rhodes made an average of twenty calls per hour every single day between them. Toni confirmed and re-confirmed meetings with her lawyers - Shanthi McMahon had exasperatedly informed her that
“It’s gonna be okay, y’know?” Bucky said, repeating Steve’s words from earlier. And it was testament to the depth of their bond that had spanned seventy years that Steve looked at him and knew exactly what he was talking about.
The memory of their parting was clear and
“FRIDAY, babe. Am I having a heart attack?” she asked breathlessly, pinching a rather painful point of muscle just below her collar bones.
But before his reincarnation, his
I saw and I studied every single call you made,” Shuri told her like her heart was breaking. And maybe it was. “Because you were the hero I wanted to be. You were the
Toni blinked, surveying the team, the first flutters of flustered panic twirling around in her chest before they settled into something that resembled anticipation.
He knew Sam was right, but it didn’t stop from feeling like a punch to the gut. His mistakes were heavy collars that kept slotting themselves around his neck, one by one and dragging his face closer to the dirt.
“I saw,” Toni agreed, feeling restless with the kind of anticipation that always preceded a new project. “He’s been working out a way to miniaturize the tech so we can implement it alongside all the other barriers without compromising on the ionic structure.”
Soil got under her fingers as she dug up the turnips with Laura until Cooper shyly gave her one of his dad’s gardening gloves. Yet another reminder. She sweated, her skin browning in the sun, and her hair frizzed. If she closed her eyes she could imagine herself in one of her assembly plants with the rest of her workers, face behind protective gear and the heat of machinery all around her. That had been good, honest work. This, cringing away from earthworms and feeling ill when clusters of bugs crawled in and out of the dirt, was good and honest work too. And in spite of the ache in her back and her sore hands, she felt something like relief settle into her, at least for a little while.
He blocked her by
When she finally spoke to him it was louder and clearer, not modulated by the suit or transmitted through a television.
“I know,” he admitted. It wasn’t the first time they’d had this conversation. And it wouldn’t be the last. But Sam was unfailingly, almost indiscriminately patient with him. And Steve felt like a hell of a jerk for putting that kind of pressure on a man who had been nothing by loyal to him.
Wanda closed her eyes and tears slipped down her cheek but Vision remained firm, remained impassive and stoic in the face of it. He did not enjoy inflicting pain. But in this he would not relent.
“My sources tell me that you have been...moping.”
with her.
At this Toni’s expression morphed into one of sympathy and she gently clapped Nat on the shoulder as she stood to go and gather her kids.
ignoring the way the stone stirred against the synthetic skin of his forehead.
She continued to work, her body quickly re-adapting to the admittedly absurd hours it used to be put through. It was cathartic in a way, like an internal clock being reset and her limbs sinking into a familiar sort of ache. The perpetual fatigue even helped her to sleep a little better, a little deeper, and she took the time to appreciate the blessing while it lasted.
so, so she figured out what happened.”
“I can come with-”
that had her face warming.
“...Toni?”
“You need anything you just let me know,” she told her simply. “If I can help in any way…”
What wasn’t, though, was how Toni, after she and Shuri spent the better part of two hours fixing the boy - Peter Parker - up and working around the spider venom in his blood, she refused to leave the room and had elected to sit right by his bed just watching him and “monitoring his vitals” even though FRIDAY could’ve done it for her.
“Can I ask you something? Or it’s...I have a question…but also a confession. And I like you, man, I really do. Mostly. But I also…” On the table next to her Vision was patiently listening to Shuri explain how kimoyo beads worked and on her other side Rhodey was making surprisingly easy small talk with one of the Dora - Ayo, her name was. The other Dora - Okoye - was standing outside, pretending to smoke even as she kept watch.
The concept of
“Yeah, if you want. You’re a doctor -
“How.” It wasn’t a question.
currently living in Wakanda.
When Shuri had shot her that short message, uncharacteristically riddled with typos, Toni had been in the middle of checking some of the equipment for Barnes’ surgery with Vision. She vaguely recalled shouting a garbled combination of an instruction and a reassurance that she’d be back later, followed by an equally jumbled shout at FRIDAY to call T’Challa and have it redirected to the nearest private room available.
And suddenly Natasha had the vaguest idea of what had happened in Siberia.
“That sounds like fun. I mean, if you have time when you’re not busy n’ stuff.”
that for some reason he
They shared a smile, a real one, tinged by sadness and regrets, and Toni surprised herself for her openness for the second time that day.
“Water skiing,” she finished, rubbing his back. “I heard.”
Van Dyne nodded and clasped her hands behind her back, composing herself with an ease that Nat was almost proud of.
That could’ve meant any number of things regarding her marriage with Clint and there was little in the way of advice that Toni was able to give, so she remained silent and hoped that her presence was reassurance enough that whatever Laura needed from her, all she had to do was ask.
The thought was unsettling.
Natasha had hummed because she remembered a period when all Toni had was herself and palladium poisoning. Maybe that was all on her, though. She, like Nat, was good at pushing people away.
kids. But we all do behind her back,” she winced. “But no. I mean yes, it’s probably in your best interest not to be the direct or indirect cause of any harm that comes to them but what I’m saying is that...and you can tell me if I’m being too forward here, sir, but if you wanna get to Ms. Stark you’re probably gonna have to go through them first.”
Just before she walked out of earshot, she hear a hesitant but sincere, still mistrustful, still pained, “It’s Shuri, Ms. Stark.”
that someone was going to come and get me, to help me. But nobody came.” She looked at T’Challa, feeling something like wonder emanate from inside of her. “
- she sniffed at the word - somehow temporarily healed what was broken, re-wired all the disconnected parts of his body and made them whole, if only for a moment. Then she wondered if he could do it permanently, and if he could, why didn’t he?
of you. This was-” She gestured vaguely, her hand never leaving the cocoon of the blanket. “-This was months of hard work from everyone. N’ I know you don’t sleep,” she said with a small grin, “but it’s not like it was
“I’m sorry.” It was all he could offer. It wasn’t enough. It wouldn’t be enough. Not until he was home, not until he could see her, see his kids, look at what he’d left behind. “I’m so sorry, Laura.”
It was enough, he thought as Bucky started counting down, his voice muffled by the mask.
Shuri frowned dubiously. “What about Hermione?”
“Are you- fuck it,
So many lies.
Her phone buzzed before she could say anything and her screen flashed with a notification from FRIDAY with the subject matter
“How is she, Nat?”
Fifteen minutes later and Laura hung up, bid farewell to FRIDAY, who disappeared back into Toni’s phone, and just sat there next to a still sleeping Toni.
SO. Shuri! ❤ Some of you might already know this but I love Shuri so much. But I wanted to angst up her character just a liiiittle bit because we didn't get to see much about how she'd felt after her dad's death in Black Panther so I wanted to give her something a little different here. I hope this chapter gives a little bit of an insight into my take on her and the reason why she was so stilted and cold around Toni. I think disappointment in an icon, in someone you BELIEVED in is a pretty powerful thing, especially when it's someone you looked up to and wanted to be.
about it openly we could’ve come to some sort of understanding.”
But she brushed the thought of Barnes away, of that hopeless expression of resignation and self-resentment when she had pulled her hand from his, even as the sensation of cold metal pressing into her palm and between her fingers still lingered like an afterimage.
weird," Hope had scoffed, then proceeded to add in a cape to the image anyway.
It sounded like one of those pretentious getaways people always talked about to
“Y’heard what he said, Stark,” Clint drawled and Steve could’ve sworn out loud because he knew how long Clint had just been
so powerful that it transformed her face into someone Toni didn’t recognize and yet was intimately familiar with, someone who should never have had to experience so much so young. “I wanted to kill him too.”
If he had, she wouldn’t blame him, she’d understand; Vision was in all ways that mattered,
“I’m sorry, kiddo,” she whispered, because these days it was all she had to give.
Bucky couldn’t help but smile, his breath coming out as an almost-laugh. “So I won’t have...I mean. I won’t,” he swallowed, looking for the words, “I won’t change into…”
“Myself, the other AIs and the bots, of course,” FRIDAY replied, then added in a gentler tone, “and a number of humans who would very much like to see her again.”
“D’you know what this is about?” he murmured quietly, brows drawing together.
A holographic bust appeared above everybody’s heads, clear and impressive.
on the side. Steve felt his heart sink and Nat closed her eyes, shaking her head as Clint drank straight from carton. When he was done, he lowered the carton, mouth twisted in a smug grin as he said, “We wanna watch. You cool with that?”
She stood beside the king in a blazer and jeans and a small, quiet smile on her lips.
“Are you two done?”
Toni stared at her back for a long time, realization of the intensity of Laura’s grief and anger rendering Toni
She looked over her shoulder at Laura who was standing on the porch, the overhead light creating a halo around her head, a guardian angel.
Toni had just pushed her very stiff, very achy body to its feet when the main entrance door hissed open. She froze for a fraction of a second and relaxed almost instantaneously when she saw long dark hair and a pair of flannel pajamas that she recognized immediately.
“Better than the new bites I gave you?” Toni sang and she could practically see Natasha’s wicked smirk.
She hadn’t cut her nails in weeks; the jagged, uneven edges were making painful indents into her thighs.
“I- I need- I need to
Granted, everyone, including Shuri, had said Toni Stark was the best but
“That was gross.”
Aneka interrupted smoothly, if a little irritably. “My king requested that Sergeant Barnes be awake for the first airing. He may remain with you until Princess Shuri returns in two days.” She gave an uncertain-looking Bucky a nod, then left as quickly as she came.
There was a long moment while Bucky stared at his upraised fist that hovered just inches from his face, and the socket wrench that was gripped between solid metal fingers. After a time he lowered his hand, simultaneously letting out a slow breath, and then looked up at Stark.
to fill the empty silence that Toni had left behind.
She ate her food pretty quickly after that just so she didn’t have to feel Laura watching her.
She strolled over slowly and casually, but
He’d spent the rest of that night sitting in that dark, empty kitchen replaying their short but gutting exchange, imagining how she would’ve looked at him if he’d just said that he was
She’d never felt more like scum than she did right then.
The stones on her rings glinted in the golden light and she counted them one by one. Sapphire, amethyst, ruby, emerald, topaz and-
And without it…
Toni’s thumb was being gnawed on within an inch of its life until Stephen’s large hand came down on her shoulder. He didn’t say anything at first and she removed the abused digit from her mouth and crossed her arms, tucking her hands into her sides and practically hugging her body for strength.
Harley declared, brandishing his creation in the air like God himself might elevate it to the heavens.
“Thank you, sir. The feeling’s mutual.” She paused for a brief moment then continued, “You’ve not met them yet? Ms. Stark’s interns? We’re not sure what they’re actually interning as, though. Usually there’s another boy with them, Peter Parker. Not sure where he is today. And Princess Shuri is usually with them whenever she’s in town.”
Coop set a glass of cold water on the ground, twisting it firmly into the soil. She almost smiled; he was learning.
Pulling back, Toni looked at her, this woman, this strong, hardy woman with so much heart. She could see why Clint loved her. She was so terribly easy to love.
They said their goodbyes a few minutes later, and she and Helen continued to sort through their own notes, going over the steps of the surgery thrice more before Helen was satisfied they could proceed to present it to Barnes.
Toni sped to the nearest officer who looked to be in charge and though he gave her a double take, he immediately informed her of the damage so far. People in black suits. They’d blown up a truck carrying diesel right outside the building to create a diversion as they swarmed in the front entrance. When she took to the air she could already see fire trucks coming down from all four sides.
“Yeah. That I have one less thing to worry about.” Feeling a little bit lighter, she hopped off the high stool and grinned at them. “So, Platypus. Wanna try on your new legs?”
Knew that Stark had made it for herself, then altered it for him. An act he still could not comprehend.
“As I said, Mr. Barton,” he spoke with an almost irresistible gravity, “you owe me no apologies. But perhaps, I would pose a question back to you; had your positions been reversed and you were home with your family while your friends were forced to take refuge here, would they have been entitled to my offer of aid?”
