Sherlock sees the grass becoming thinner a moment before it’s too late - all colors are starting to look the same as the sun has begun to set.
“I wouldn’t pin your hopes on Mr Chatterjee, he’s got a wife on the mainland nobody knows about.” Sherlock drums his fingers on his leg impatiently. “Well, nobody except me.”
There is no glass - anyone can get to Sherlock. But he slipped his line to John away. John can't touch him. Sherlock is an island. Sherrinfort is an island.
Is he meant to stay in this cluttered, tiny room, listening to this horrible noise and the rain and the thunder by himself? Not knowing what’s going on, how John’s about to deal with this issue - lock up the horses and barricade all the grooms in the stables? What of the pastures, what if--
“Really?” John props himself up on one arm, peering over Sherlock’s body to squint at the light out the window. “Should’ve gotten me up earlier.” He throws the quilt off, piling it atop Sherlock.
“Then how did you tame Gladstone?” Sherlock asks, watching two men carrying another one between them by his arms and legs. He imagines the man must be groaning between the two about his head, for his hair is mussed and he's missing the hat he clearly once had, but the beach is too far down below for him to actually hear anything. “He ran forwards while we raced. Mostly.”
The wind has its mortal fingers buried deep in Sherlock's hair, tussling and confusing it. Sherlock turns away. “So?”
Is Mrs Hudson in? There’s a faint, pungent reek of herbal soothers downstairs. Mrs Turner must’ve been over last night for cards. He locks the front door, too, because Lestrade doesn’t have a key, and it won’t do to have Mrs Hudson exposed to the mad fray of London’s people.
Sand sweeps across his cheeks, and the cold numbs his hands, bites his gloves. He clenches down harder on the leather reins, grips the horn of the saddle for balance. Tries to orient himself. He could have run this race with only John; John, who he could have trusted. These are all men who would like nothing more than to thunder over his broken body in the waves, who wouldn’t mind if it meant their winning.
It’s like the night in the sitting room. He finds himself daydreaming about how to prolong this encounter, because the other night did not last long enough to satisfy Sherlock.
John thrusts again, and the electricity shoots through Sherlock’s veins more intensely than anything before. He’s absolutely on the verge of death, gasping, and John is panting into his collarbone. Sherlock hooks a leg behind one of John’s knees, drawing him in and allowing John more space to shove his cock against Sherlock’s.
He lazes around the rest of the morning, fixing tea when Mrs Hudson leaves to visit Mrs Turner next door. He watches her all the way until she’s out of sight with the Ford, and then raids the fridge.
Stamford is looking at the blackboard with intent. He hums when Sherlock speaks, turning to look back to him.
Although he doesn’t seem to know everything — Sherlock’s actions in favor of John would cause the champion stress, he knows, that overprotective surge within John would push forward, and he could even grow angry with Sherlock — he certainly knows
“Just tried to get me out of the Races,” Sherlock informs John, “Nothing new. You can see the cliff edges from where you shot, you saw what happened.”
It should settle him, this ease into island life, these sounds of home, but he’s unable to grasp how wrong it is to hear these drums at this time. There’s a mass of unwelcome tourists pouring around him.
Lestrade regards Anderson, turning when he begins to speak, and then back to Sherlock. Unlike pesky, bad-haired, sea-wishing Anderson, Lestrade doesn’t take their partnership with any bad tone. He uses it like a good officer would, as a way to collect more evidence. “Was Watson with you? Did he get a good look at the man? Epona, it’s bad enough
--” Lestrade tipped the castle one way, and the large castle began to slide off its base. He quickly righted it, and the monument went back to its place in the middle of the painted board. Finally, Lestrade, red in the face, managed to get the angle just right for the thing to fit through without breaking anything, scraping the wood polish off the door, or letting the castle topple off to the floor. “Jesus!” Lestrade exclaimed, lowering the thing to the rug.
Silence is not a problem. Still, Sherlock finds himself longing to talk with John. “What are you writing?” He asks, although he knows it's John’s helpful hints and reminders to himself about the competition.
as badly as John does? Now his skin begins to crawl. There is no way Moriarty could know the depth and the ways in which John wants Sherlock, he’s spent all morning thinking of him. What has Moriarty spent the morning thinking of? Something in his chest squeezes tight, an anger and overprotective streak crashing over him like the water at high tide.
Does he plan on Sherlock helping? John’s eyes are black in the shadows and sharp swaths of light from the bulbs above. Over his shoulder, across the aisle, Sherlock can see more horses all beating themselves against the walls.
Skarmouth in the dark is entirely different than the one during the day, where weak light can reach even the deepest of alleyway corners. Night washes the whole town in blue - the paper lanterns waver and clink in the soft breeze, glowing bright on telephone wires overhead. All of the buildings press against each other and peer into the endless cobblestone beneath them, clinging to the cliffs.
back. Her long nostrils flare red and ears pin back at his words, iron chain draped over his face all that is keeping her from running to the ocean. Smoothly she moves, she is always listening.
Ahead, a pair of battling horses recoil from the bulk of eels and charge across Sherlock’s path into the shallows of the water, hot wicked teeth clacking at each other, misting Sherlock with ocean water. The new horse barrels into the two of them, the water slashing at its legs. Its rider tries to wrench the horse away, barely succeeding to slow his mount.
Hm. He’d have to edit around the parts where John is a magic knight from another reality. Maybe Sherlock can write him as some competent detective’s companion.
There is no mistake about it, no backwards way around it. Moriarty knew he would be with John, here, at this hour. Henry was a convenient messenger, but Moriarty knew.
. It could be proven that these horses weren't strictly native to Thisby, that they had descendants, things that were like them, elsewhere, though perhaps not exactly the same. It could be proven that it was not all magic Sherlock is salivating, thinking about the taxonomy.
Slowly, the spider removes his gloves. He carefully plucks them off, finger by wet finger, and throws them both to his side, onto the ground. “I cut loose all those people just to get you to come out and play. A couple of murdered tourists, a stolen file, and
Though water is glazed over the cement and he runs the risk of slipping, Sherlock tears his hand out of John’s grasp without a second thought to rush to the second to last stall. `
hiss when the poles touch them. The rings of bells and iron charms is ceaseless, every horse is adorned in braids and decorated breastplates, painted in sigils for speed and half-muzzled by bits of braided leather.
Sherlock scoffs, rolls his eyes. John does not look happy about that. Sherlock goes on, rattled, “There isn’t anything he can do to me.” He says. Nothing that Moriarty can do that Sherlock will care about. Mind John.
Sherlocks nods. He spins a wayward piece of hay between his fingers, plucked from the bale he sits on, looking dejectedly down at his feet. Grains of sand are stuck in the seams of his shoes.
on the sand, and this will all be over. Sherlock sets his shoulders. He does not shiver, even when imagining the
After scanning the note, Sherlock shoves the paper into John’s chest. John reads, his other hand held up high under Gladstone’s hairy muzzle, the bridle firmly in his grip. Gladstone’s salty breath fogs up and rolls over in the air.
Further down, there is a man up to his calves in the foamy water, stopped in the middle of falling backwards as a
Sherlock manages to crawl from the burrow of duvets, pulling a deep purple one over his shoulders as he shuffles to the door. Hair a tousled mess, tired and limp from the briny wind and a missing bath, Lestrade is the one to greet him.
“No. I was in love with you. John, I saw Moriarty at his core. He didn’t care about you or your horse. He cared about what owning Gladstone meant to you, and me, and everyone on the island. I was in love with you, and,” he wavers, “and I didn’t want you to know. Not yet.”
Sherlock, explained that "there are no real graves, we refer to the day before they were born, and some of the dead, some life one hundred years ago and he was not dead and buried."
Sherlock Shirts in order to take advantage of, is my turn now. We sat down when you got into my hand grabbing his shirt. Wander around and just try my hand around his bare chest. There is a scar. He will break his lips to see my beloved. His chest and shoulders have healed.
John and Sherlock start walking to their lockers. “You know you’re brilliant, Sherlock. Don’t pretend you’re not always dragging. What’s the news you wanted to tell me?”
Sherlock is confused. Is Jean trying to cover up the fact that he’s a douchebag or does he actually think that they had a good time? “Eh, yeah of course. I really like spending time together”, Sherlock lies. She’s not a good liar, but Jean seems to believe her.
“Miss Holmes, miss Watson, what are you two talking about? Come on, share it with the rest”, miss honey says.
"Sherlock," I will whisper in distrust. I was always aware of the fact that he had all the fight you have a sore, but there are so many of.
Sherlock keeps walking down the quiet street. There’s no one else there. If someone were to attack her, there would be no one to help her.
“Who doesn’t like flowers?” Sherlock thinks about her afternoon with Jean. He’s the most annoying person she’s ever met. Are all boys like that?
Jane speaks again. “You were always spying on us whenever we were here. Did you think that nobody would see you? Did you really? I’m disappointed in you, Sherlock! How did I know where you are and what you’re doing all the time? Simple. You are tall, noticeable, and I have my people spread around town. You only have yourself and your pet, John! You always want drama, but life isn’t about drama!”
Together they learn about communism, Russia, the rise and fall of the Soviet Union, and Stalin’s life.
“Clean your face first, love”, mummy laughs. She gets a napkin and cleans Sherlock’s mouth then she gets another napkin and cleans John’s mouth.
Sherlock and John turned around to see Mycroft standing in the garden in blue silk pyjamas and duck slippers.
“Hello, Sherlock”, Jane says as she sits down on the other swing. Her black hair is in a ponytail. There are a few stray locks around her face.
“You’re one to talk.” Sherlock takes the cigarette out of Jane’s mouth. Her heart is beating in her throat. “I believe this is mine”, she says as steady as possible.
“What a beautiful dress, Joan. You look like a princess.” Mummy keeps talking while making lemonade. “Do you also want something to eat? I have strawberries.”
Later, in the afternoon, Sherlock and John were taking a walk over the fields surrounding Sherlock’s parent’s manor. The sounds of the nearby village where Sherlock used to go to school were a nice background noise for every silence that fell.
When we met, I was 18 years old, he was 21 years old. It's a long story how I started, but very gently.
“It’s dangerous there. Why don’t you play with dolls or something? Maybe you and John can draw or craft together? There are lots of thing you can do without getting dirty”, daddy closes the discussion.
Neither of us for an instant believed the other. We went on our way still smiling; it really was a lovely night.
John thought — ears pinned, plunging forward, then staggering, already torn, bloodgleam spatters soaking into the earth, and the hounds close on him; and John, not understanding his own impulse (
In the dream, Culverton Smith has disappeared. John and Sherlock are in the mortuary. John punches Sherlock; he punches him again; he knocks Sherlock to the floor. Sherlock describes a curve on the mortuary tile. Sherlock covers his belly. As one does, when being kicked. John kicks him. John kicks him. Blood comes out of Sherlock’s body and spreads around him. This is not an unfamiliar sight to John. John kicks him. The impact reverberates up John’s leg. Kick, kick, kick. Sherlock has stopped bleeding. John kicks him. Sherlock is quiet. The impact of John’s foot indents Sherlock’s flesh. The foot withdraws, the indentation fills. Again. Sherlock is beyond recovery now. There is no mercy for him but death. What John has started, he must finish. Finish quickly. For mercy. He has caused the suffering and he must bring it to an end. He kicks Sherlock over and over. The head, the belly. The back the head the belly the back the head the belly. As hard as he can. Only death will end Sherlock’s pain now, he is so badly injured he cannot be saved John must kill him. Tears stream down John’s face, he howls ugly hoarse sounds like the sounds he made when Mary died, he splits apart like a prisoner dropped from a great height, he is hanging upside down by a rope he is a murderer he is kicking and kicking and still Sherlock does not die and with each blow John knows himself to be more monstrous, he can redeem himself only by ending Sherlock’s misery, over and over his boot smacks into tender flesh, but this will never end, never, John is a monster he cannot stop hurting Sherlock and he can’t save Sherlock from the wounds he himself has inflicted and he kicks and kicks and still Sherlock does not die: Sherlock loves him.
Sherlock read the lines aloud; the soldier looked down. “This passage means a great deal to you?” Of course the soldier had already told him so. Sherlock placed the index and middle finger of his left hand on the translation, and with his right hand covered his eyes. Between his fingers he watched the soldier watching him.
But the sitting room is dark, the kitchen shadows are cast only by streetlights, no light spills along the brief corridor to Sherlock’s room. John closes the bathroom door behind himself as quietly as he can, washes his face, brushes his teeth, then finds himself sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, unable to stand up. A little time passes before Sherlock comes in.
“‘But’!” she cried. “Don’t say ‘But’!” All at once she was ablaze, and I was reminded of the fury with which she had revenged herself upon Gruner. I even braced myself to spring upon her, lest she attack Holmes; but in the next moment I saw that her emotion was not rage but the passion of one pleading the cause of a beloved. She was thinking of her Janie, I realized — with some fellow-feeling, for would I not have been as ardent to aid Holmes, were we in similar case?
Well, that was enough of observing; time to begin the approach. Will Holmes took a turn around the room. It wouldn’t do to rush, and besides it was . . . an odd feeling to be among so many people all at once. Sherlock had got used again, mostly, to walking outdoors, selves and eyes everywhere, yes, but passing quickly and then gone; he was walking miles upon miles these days, between fixes, getting himself back into condition.
John had stormed out of Baker Street with the key to the flat in the pocket of his trousers and — he recognizes the implication with some shame — never got round to mailing it back. But no matter that the key is a loophole he’s left himself, he’s forfeited the right to use it; so he rings the bell and then stands back where Sherlock can look out the kitchen window and see him. The window's open and the curtain, caught by a breeze, lifts and falls against the brick. Even from the pavement, John can see how Sherlock swallows hard at the sight of him. The reaction seems as reflexive as anyone else's startled pain. John's heart hurts at the sight. “To apologize,” he says to Sherlock in the window, answering the question Sherlock doesn't need to ask.
“Dammit,” Mycroft said to his empty office. A second brain was needed, one like his own, and no such brain was available or ever would be. But with that thought the embers of old anger were brightening again, so he turned his attention to the satellite data on troop movements in eastern Ukraine, and set the remembrance of Sherlock aside.
“‘Attention,’” she repeated, scoffingly. “No. ‘Attention’ might be watching the sway of a girl’s hips as she passes, and giving her a wink. Or giving her a card with sentimental verses out of a guide to courting. That’s flattering enough in its way, but plain flattery wasn’t Adelbert’s trick. No, what he did was to make us feel ourselves seen — seen as real, proper persons, I mean. We women are desperate to be seen, Dr. Watson. You can’t imagine how rarely it happens or how it enlarges our spirits to feel it.”
“I have no idea,” Sherlock said. “Someone may have appropriated it by now.” In the distant past he had taken a man’s head between his hands and rubbed his groin (his cock: soft or hard) against it. More than one man’s head, though each on a separate occasion. Now he felt as though he could half-hear a line of music that he once knew intimately. If he turned his head he could catch the direction from which it came to him. He could follow it —
Sherlock noted with interest that Watson had left an aluminium cane in the road as he turned his patient toward the clinic. The cane was an ugly thing, besides which its abandonment suggested a hypothesis. “I don’t want a record of this visit.”
The catastrophe strings itself together like the life-undoing inverse of that trivially lucky throw everyone makes sometimes: the chewed-up pen cap ricochets off the end of the bookcase and onto the windowsill, whence it bounces onto the rim of the waste bin just so, and in. Nothing you could replicate, however long you tried.
It’s the first thing Sherlock’s actually said to Watson. Before this, their interactions were strictly Watson’s commanding tone to keep Redbeard away from the beaches, and him asking Sherlock if he was alright after the altercation with the mad blonde mare.
There comes a ascending wail, the sound of a scream underwater, a whale song, a baby crying. It’s meant to carry for miles.
“He promised you he’d race, then,” John observes. But Sherlock was already doing that. There must have been a new equation in the mix, something that nobody was telling John about. Something
“The names of the books, John, the other stories! I need you to maximize your visual memory. Try to picture what you saw? Can you picture it?”
It’s dark outside when Sherlock shoves the paper bags into the backseat of the Ford, having completed the shopping for Mrs Hudson, trying to arrange everything on the floor so nothing will fall over. Damn Mrs Hudson’s love for oranges. Those are
When Sherlock snaps his eyes up from John’s arms to behold John’s countenance, John is fiddling with his notebook, which he has drawn from his pocket. Sherlock closes his mouth.
Here, she is immortalized in stained glass, in beautiful artistry. Even sans religion, Sherlock can appreciate the craftsmanship that had gone into creating these colorful windows for St Columba’s all those generations ago. Reared and striking, Epona looms, not unlike the branded white mare and Gladstone that Sherlock had seen in his mind in the back of Hooper’s Bakery. Her mane flows in panels of black and white, fracturing glass, beautifully spun into the window.
No feasible way Sherlock can explain this without sounding mad. And finally - there’s an exciting, outrageous turn in the case! He can’t afford to be booted off of it now. If he was, he’d continue his investigation outside of the Yard’s jurisdiction, but that comes with its own set of problems, namely getting lectured from Lestrade.
The stable doors are closed but unlocked, rolling in their tracts as Sherlock pushes them open enough to slip inside.
“If you’re here to attempt talking me out of the Races, I would advise you spend your valuable time elsewhere.”
Outside again, the mare goddess is dancing in the streets, a woman in a taxonomic horse head waving to and fro, side to side on the cobblestone, sprinkling pebbles where she goes with human hands. Smaller children are following her, looking for the one shell she will drop tonight, which by tradition will grant them a wish. Traditionally, her feet are bare. Given the size of them and the build of the woman under the costume, Sherlock deduces that it’s Irene Adler under that mask tonight.
John huffs out a short laugh, his shoulders shaking. It’s calming, refreshing to see. Sherlock wouldn’t have expected sex to include so much laughing. As long as it isn’t directed at him, he’ll allow it.
“Just before the funeral. Yes, you’re always like that, alright. But, look.” Mike traces a finger along a line.
At once, Sherlock is standing back in the ocean with the waves crashing up against him and the rocks and kelp pulling at his feet, desperately watching the Races from the water. Water horses shriek and crash over each other like the waves, all rolling thick like smoke over the sand. But he’s not in his mind palace, and he can’t remove himself from the sea—
Unfortunately, racing is now a requirement of him, from the mouth of the spider of Thisby himself. He’s been told to stay away from the Stockyard, but that doesn’t mean that Moriarty can’t seek him out of his own volition. Strangely, Sherlock finds himself hoping he will do so. He won’t tell John this. There is much to uncover about that man in every interaction. So much swimming beneath the surface.
The notary’s office - Sherlock hasn’t been here in awhile. Since the festival, and the rider’s parade, he hasn’t wanted to see Anderson, and before, it only served as a reminder that he wasn’t going to be receiving any letters from Mycroft.
He closes his eyes. There's a puff of breath, and the huge body rocks forward, pulling a reluctant Redbeard with sheer force of strength.
John leans off Gladstone’s side, grinning ridiculously. The water horse turns his face just slightly, regarding his rider. “
Or so the Thisby tales go. There is something wrong with the ocean, but he doesn’t believe in magic by any means. Really, it’s as if everyone’s head is full of saltwater and sand! The only inhabitants here are people born here, and nearly everyone besides Sherlock has gone mad with it.
It was stupid of him to develop these emotions for John, for his safety and wellbeing and happiness. They do not fade, even as Sherlock’s mind detests its own weakness. Because he failed at keeping his distance, he will fall.
The revolver is pointed towards Hope. The grey’s eyes are rolling as it shakes and shivers with restrained power. The bells over its reins rattle and quiver.
“Yeah,” John shrugs off his jacket, then peels Sherlock’s coat off with some difficulty, ridding them of clinging cold. Sherlock cringes when he has to bend his elbow to free his arm from its sleeve. Grimy mud and bits of Thisby grass from his struggle with Moriarty cling to the soaked woolen fibers. Mrs Hudson will have a hell of a time washing that. “That
“You--” Sherlock sputters, taken aback and utterly thrown, “you are five-point-one centimeters tall.”
All these island accents, mashed up together. Old ones, new ones. Sherlock used to mimic the old island accent in the hours before he slept, when he was young, when he still had the lingers of a lisp. It’s something rumbling around the ‘r’ sounds that he could never get right, until he spent literal weeks stalking Skarmouth and listening to conversations. He's very fluid with any island accent, now, as well as multiple languages.
But Moriarty’s done more to John in the process of looking for Sherlock’s attention than he’s ever done to Sherlock.
Mike smiles, his glasses budging up his cheeks a little with the broadness of it. Immense relief writes itself in his posture, relaxed and without the heavy anxiety from before.
“...Wish you were answering me. You always ask me what's going on and,” the voice softens, “how I worked it out.”
There's a knot of fighting horses somewhere. It's a petty disagreement between two killer horses, but they're all sharp hooves and teeth.
It's the mare goddess. The woman, Adler, is in a bright red tunic and wearing the horse head on her shoulders, dwarfing her human body, and a whispy tail sweeps the ground behind her as she drops more pebbles. It’s impossible to tell in the dark whether or not it’s real horse hair, or frayed rope and string. She hands Fletcher a wooden bowl with a flourish. The bonfire pops behind them, sending sparks high into the dark.
is a thin and gaunt equine figure, black as the night with blazing white hair tied in flat braids, wet and pasted to its skin and bones. Gone is the heavy muscle trained so hard for; a cadaver of a horse waits in the water.
He dashes about his room, simultaneously putting on his coat while snatching John’s from off his desk chair. Why did John leave it upstairs last night? It couldn’t be to dry. Sherlock was wet while he had it on, but the jacket itself is almost untouched.
Moriarty stands now, his long fingers pressing into the vast, dark polished chestnut desk before him. On it, barely in John’s peripheral is the seal, the one that had stamped waxen death to that tourist man, an execution order.
Sherlock tightens his hold on his reins, but does not move. He’s more confident, now that he knows who this is. He’s spoken to Mrs Hudson of him (complained, really, right after he got back from the beach with Redbeard - she’d seen him and asked what on earth was wrong, and Sherlock had snapped back, ‘John Watson!’ and then gone to bed, not to sleep, to think), so at least she’ll figure out something if Watson’s come to murder him.
Sherlock talks right over him, “The idea that it is mere coincidence that two bodies should arrive in the same place within such a short period of time remains preposterous, although the butcher’s son— Hank? Stupid name— Although Hank remains in officer custody and will for many years. And he was arrested before the man was poisoned.”
like rider’s sweat and disappointed, fearful nerves. He knows there's sand in his hair, clothes, and all over his skin, rubbing him raw in all the wrong ways. He knows he smells like the enemy.
Moriarty had brought Sherlock’s invitation to the cliffs with him, resolving the nasty situation should it have been discovered in his office.
Sherlock begins to turn and make for the door, having grown tired of being around people who are distinctly not John alone, “Haven’t you heard? John Watson said he needed to speak with me.”
are clever. Corpses don't often wash up on the beaches, the only places bones are found is in the sea caves carved by the ocean years and years ago. No theories would've been born.
The figure smiles. Closer now, and in the light of street lamps, in the light coastal music that is being played in the streets deeper into town, Sherlock recognizes him. Henry Knight, the mainland monger that he had met, just briefly, the first time he’d ever visited the Stockyard.
“What?” John shrugs off his jacket. The sight of his strong arms against his dark waistcoat makes Sherlock’s heart pick up. He is so unlike any of the other men on this island. John looks at the bed, and rubs the back of his neck, throwing the jacket over the chair with apparent disregard. “Yeah.”
Unsure, Sherlock tilts his head, staring up at John’s quarter profile. John’s looking out at the ocean, not at the froth of the ocean beating against the rocks going on below. Perhaps he is ignoring it, or allowing his eyes a rest from all the carnage they tend to see. The glints of the waning sunlight off the waves in the water reflect in John’s eyes, turning tidepool blue into light, merry brown. He studies the lines beneath them, the crease over John’s brow as he squints against the shining sun off the ocean.
Redbeard knocks his nose on his stall door, snorting. His ears prick forwards, no doubt wondering where Sherlock has been. Not working him today, or yesterday, will be good. He will have had plenty of time to rest before the Races tomorrow morning, and none of his earned stamina will have faded.
“Please,” he whispers, breath warming Gladstone’s pelt. The worry in his chest extends, clogging his throat. It works with the magic, tugging at his neck as if to suffocate him. There is no wind in the stables, but cool air makes the white mane brush his cheek. Sherlock swallows.
“The toxicology says he only had around a concentration of point oh-two-eight milligrams in his system, per kilogram.”
Redbeard’s blood fizzles under the saddle. Sherlock touches his neck, and the horse jumps and whinnies nervously. Sherlock is reminded of the mares and the young fillies and colts at the Stockyard, which reminds him of John Watson, which irks him. He wretches the reins left and pushes his heels into Redbeard’s side, a touch too harshly.
“Lestrade will have his pocket contents at the station, if anywhere.” A thought strikes him, and he looks at the paper again, studying its density through flushing anger.
cannot race!’ Like most of the lesser men on this wicked island, Hope is seeking support from the masses, not addressing Sherlock like a person, because he will not be strong enough on his own, and in the masses Sherlock will be felled. Redbeard. It must be Redbeard. All the things the horse has done for him feel as though they are nothing.
John holds his ankle gently and works off one shoe at the end of the bed and Sherlock toes the other off for him, growing impatient. Not for a conclusion, but for John to fit nicely on top of him again. John shifts up, kneeling between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock’s breath goes shaky, ever so slightly out of time with the beat of his heart, when John’s palm brushes over his cock. It’s electric, somehow far dirtier than their literal grinding. John squeezes, pressing the heel of his hand down on his trousers in the parody of a stroke.
Sherlock resists the ingrained urge to need to look at someone when they speak. It’s refreshing to be unbound by social convention. “No, they won’t get anywhere with museums.”
“It’s their own fault. The rules should’ve been more specific. Has no one ever tried what I’m doing? If so, I find that hard to believe.” Mm. No, Sherlock doesn’t. This island is full of many morons and few exceptions. Still - having Sherlock on the beach should be a balm to the seasoned racers, he'll be an easy one to beat. He rolls his shoulders back and preens. No, he won't.
Gladstone’s withers twitch and shiver. Sherlock had never forgotten for a second that he was there, but now, Hope seems as though he has.
It's cold, but a sweat appears on his brow beneath his curly fringe. He dares not move. Men yell, down on the beach, their voices almost eroded by the wind.
Everything about this figure is difficult to discern. The clothes are too big for him, or not his own, his hands, uncovered, and rough and strong, so a manual laborer, and Sherlock can’t tell whether he’s a fisherman or not because he can’t see these things up close, only from lengths away, in the dark.
Sherlock studies the marks on the blade. They are in no language that Sherlock can read. They may just be abstract symbols, faux runes, meaningless. Imprinted while the metal was hot, done by the blacksmith. A true professional, by the look of it.
The water shouldn't be this high. John's eyes sweep over him again, never focusing, and it rises imperceptibly higher.
Watson’s gaze doesn’t flicker, doesn’t glimmer away; he's unbothered by Sherlock’s deduction. It must be common knowledge that Watson doesn’t hail from Thisby. Sherlock’s getting slow, he can almost hear Mycroft’s tauntings in his ear while he watches the water horse arch its neck back like a rattlesnake. Mycroft, somewhere, sits behind a mahogany desk, prim and proper. He smirks, and his hands fold on the wood before him.
“Happens,” John says. He closes his eyes. “I’m getting up.” He doesn’t, and laughs when he opens his eyes again to find Sherlock staring down at his face.
It’s gone. There’s the scrape of rock, rustle of cloth and an exclamation, more thuds and gasps and shouts, and Sherlock feels smaller than he’s ever felt, smaller than he was on the beach, smaller than he was walking up to the rock, and to the blackboard, and—
John pulls his dagger from his belt, but otherwise doesn’t protest, stepping up onto the palm of Sherlock’s hand. Slowly enough not to throw him, Sherlock sets the knight onto the low table before the sofa, sweeping away stray papers. No reason for John to read them, or step on them. Who knows what sorts of things he has tracked his boots through.
There is only one thing on Thisby that would get him that kind of money. And now, he must be a participant if he is to find his brother and get off this bloody island.
Sherlock can see it from where he's gone back down from the cliff walls, once he's mustered up enough brevity to re-join the fray. He could look for more bowler hats. The other grimy horse mongers, there are plenty of them, someone should be willing to do fifths with him. But there's a mean, stubborn streak hanging in his gut.
“And believe me, Sherlock,” the dead eyes connect with his, “he will. One man can only tempt fate so many times. Sometimes,” he crushes the cigar’s end between his fingers, and tilts his head, “sometimes, fate snaps.”
John’s stomach turns with frustration. With a wide stance, arms down at his sides, he answers through gritted teeth, “The white half-blood.”
Suddenly, Redbeard lurches one way, as if stung, and Sherlock gasps, tasting rain, reining Redbeard in before the stallion can barrel into a baleful Hydria, which the horse clearly would like. The chestnut horse snaps its teeth, shakes its head, making them clack together like a rattlesnake. Sherlock leans away from it, but is alarmingly sandwiched between him and Hope.
The man frowns and turns to Hope, like he's just realized who he's insulting and what Sherlock is capable of dredging up from his past. Hope’s grey mare makes a hissing sound high in her throat as the chestnut regards Redbeard, legs cramping and feet leaving the ground for half a second before they return, shaking as they ever did at the scent of the sea.
He should be up there, ahead, that big black shadow of Gladstone and point of stillness that no one seems to touch. But he isn’t. Dread flutters in Sherlock’s heart, his ribs ache and his thigh quakes as he strains to keep his heels down. He risks a glance to the water - far away, in the waves, a head emerges here, an ear there, or a shoulder elsewhere. The ocean, tumultuous and unpredictable.
Gentle pressure settles over his lip again, and Sherlock parts them. Does he need stitches anywhere? He can’t bear to have anyone but John touch him. It’s this thought that forces him to open his mouth with intent.
Moriarty smiles again, eyes downcast to pull another, thinner case from his pocket. How benign he had seemed at first. Never more, Sherlock sees the intelligence behind those dark eyes. It rivals his own. It is too bad that Moriarty is insane. He might have, once, been someone to talk to. “I’ll have you stop lurking around my Yard.”
Then John shifts and the magic fades. It does not disappear. Gladstone is coiled tightly, and is now restless. Sherlock keeps his eye on the horse instead of John.
Something magic is gripping him. It’s wound tight around his heart, cast a net of frail spiderwebs and tugging downwards to the core of Gladstone.  It’s the
John laughs. Sherlock smiles, the tension diffused. The sweat-tinged air settles heavily over them again like a down blanket. John radiates warmth. Sherlock pushes his nose into John’s hair. The scent of woodsmoke and earl grey tea is bright in the room, but deeper, closer, John smells like saltwater and the sand at the shoreline.
Sherlock bolts, springing off across the field. Joyfully, Redbeard is pushed immediately into a gallop, tail snapping in his thrill. He hops over a small mound of grass, a largely unnecessary movement.
He removes his hand from his cock, wiping it on the duvet and placing it to mirror his other arm. John shifts on his knees and his hips stutter, unintentionally giving Sherlock a shock with more of his unending length. Sherlock fails to suppress a whine.
Putting more pressure on Sherlock's face, John pulls him in again, stopping just before they touch. Again; they are so close without touching. Sherlock is melting. Whatever temperature John’s perfect hand is in his, that’s his melting point. Sherlock carefully slides his own palm over John’s jacket, resting on his bicep, which he squeezes through the salt-caked material.
John lets Sherlock pick at the scarf and adjust the ends enough so that John is largely hidden, but aims a well-placed kick to Sherlock’s knuckle when Sherlock catches on his armor.
John’s blue eyes slide away to watch Gladstone. Hope has taken the reins closer to the halter. John is more bothered, it seems, by the scene before him than Sherlock’s lack of a filter.
Sherlock looks hard and away. He watches two waves smack heads together, down far below. They wash over the pebbles on shore. For this answer, he is unsure. He feels like paper carried away on the wind, something temporary.
The drummers throb on, the life force of the village, and how do they keep at this music so long and hard, for so many days in a row? They must have very strong arms.
“Stab wound. Sharp knife, victim bled out. She’s a tourist, here with her… brother? No, father, going by her heels,” Sherlock points out the purple color on her ankles, “Stab wound here…” Sherlock touches his middle and forefinger to his pulse on the left hand side, “Carotid artery. Slashing both sides of it will result in immediate unconsciousness, as blood flow to the brain will be cut off, death will be short thereafter. Slashing just one would result in a slower death, and she would’ve bled out. Lestrade,” Sherlock clips, and the silver-haired man looks up, “Flip her over.”
“And, the Golden Knight,” The girl murmured. She handed over a small, rectangular wooden box, like a casket. It could fit in the palm of Sherlock’s hand. He went to open it, but she slapped her hands over the box. Sherlock looked up at her with affront, holding back his comments on account of recent events and Lestrade's presence.
Sherlock locks his hands on wrists and exclaims, “You arranged to draw that sigil! This year and last! You wanted your own man to lose the Races! You
“I grew up in Scotland. F’ll of fantasies of these wild horses, the kelpies. They trick you into riding them,” the man extinguishes the end of his cigarette, pushing the ember into the table wood, “and they drown you. And then we come to learn of Thisby.”
Sherlock is suddenly by the finish line, feet stuck in the sand again, a taunt strip of ribbon drawn from the cliffs to a pole sticking up in the shallows. Barreling forwards is Gladstone. John is tucked low behind the serpentine neck to minimize resistance to the air. There are gathered clumps of mane in his hand, wound neatly into charming braids. John’s lips are moving, asking Gladstone for more and more, even as all the other racers are far, far behind. The Races aren’t a close win for John at all.
Sherlock fixes his hair to dodge the question. Product would benefit it at this moment. It doesn't look good at all - how could John stand to sit in the bakery and eat breakfast with him while he looked like this? “I'm training tomorrow. I'm supposed to be today, as well, but,” he glares at Lestrade with purpose and long enough that the man catches him, “it must wait.”
Sherlock will cry about that later on. His heart hurts and his fingers hurt. For now, he waves his hands as a gesture of hearing her but not caring about anything she’s saying, and leaves with Lestrade on his tail.
John is absolutely correct and fantastic, and Sherlock had been thinking the same thing. Although it’s not a good time for warm feelings to rush through his belly, they do. It must be the proximity, and the alcohol in his blood, thinning and twisting it.
"These are better rules, rather than courtly romance, gallantry, chivalry, and showmanship," Sherlock says, bending slightly to brush off his knees. All this shag dust and stray carpet filaments, it's a wonder the former homeowner wasn't constantly beside herself trying to hoover. "It's country regulation, with proper punishment when one breaks it."
John looks at him for an impossibly long time. Many things are said, in that lonesome blue gaze. Things- things that Sherlock can't identify, that he can't chart, or grid, that he can
He strides away from the quay, bakery, and tavern, towards his goal, his reason for coming into town today, and most days. His coat sweeps out behind him, and he adjusts his scarf. Crumpled, dry brown leaves flitter through the streets and back alleys, betraying the season upon them all.
“We haven’t gone through any of it, not that it’s unimportant. It’s racing season, and a murder is big, but there’s just too much going on to carry after it until after the Races.”
The scream is getting closer. Sherlock presses as close to John as he dares - John responds, wonderfully, by sliding one of his arms around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him tighter against him. Sherlock thinks this is for his own benefit before he feels that John’s arm is shaking slightly, and his other is strained against the lead as Gladstone drags them further into the black, veins on the back of his hand prominent even in the low light.
Watching him for a moment, and then breaking into a laugh, John giggles, “I forgot, you know nothing of Shakespeare.”
There, in its nose now, Sherlock can see the red berries, the nightlock. They spill out and flood the water around him, leeching away his life as John took the
Tipping his head, Sherlock rests his temple against John’s shoulder, feeling the worn material of the coat under his cheek, and letting his wind-blown hair tickle John’s neck. He’s taller, but even the cramp in his neck is worth nothing in this moment. His bones are weary, sore and content, even the cold has no effect on him, despite its bite on the exposed skin of his face.
“You drank more,” Sherlock accuses him. As much as his heart races for all the new possibilities that John’s letter has instilled in his mind, the cold is beginning to weigh on him. But he deduces that John, while tired, would still break into the station with him at a heartbeat’s notice. Twice in one night.
There's a bout of ruckus by the door, Sherlock does not turn to see why. Undeniably, it's some sort of brawl or argument over horses.
The short man - the black stallion’s rider - has the mare’s face pressed up against his chest, and Sherlock panics, expecting blood and carnage and organs to spill from beneath the man's ribs and out to the shifting ground. It's for naught, the rider hasn't been ripped open. The water horse's long neck is stooped low at an odd angle to do so, and her back hooves continually pound the sand, but her forelegs only quiver. She is huffing and puffing, her lips drawn back by the man’s stomach to show her teeth.
Perhaps Sherlock should not relax, either. Perhaps it is Jefferson Hope, come to drive him and Redbeard out of the Races for good.
What sort of things can someone slip a man that would result in this frothy spit, can cause the clearly agonizing signs of his last moments, and the crust and salt of sweat all over his face?
Finally, the inspector sighs. He closes the book. “Fine, yeah. Alright. I’ll get Donovan to pull the two of them in--”
Mrs Hudson is awake, it seems, for the window above the kitchen sink is open. The sky is already grey, and a breeze with low humidity floats in past the faded yellow curtains. There are also new dishes in the aluminum kitchen sink, and when Sherlock consciously takes a breath he sees two breakfast plates on the counter. The breeze will have made them cool, and Sherlock cannot stomach anything to eat at the moment. Peculiar that Sherlock’s quiet ransack of the kitchen last night had woken John, but Mrs Hudson’s cooking hadn’t woken John at all.
Watson is breathless. Sherlock holds tight to Redbeard’s reins as Watson dismounts, dropping from that incredibly high saddle and onto the packed earth. His hair is more windblown than Sherlock’s ever seen it, and he resists the urge to reach up and touch his own to judge the damage the race had on it.
The Thisby grass is so dry, Redbeard couldn't possibly find it good. He has hay, Sherlock has no clue as to why he insists on eating this stuff. But even the bales are composed of weak Thisby grasses. It's not good food, it's not the sort of food the horses at the Stockyard eat.
apparently, and it makes the center of his mouth quirk down. He doesn't want to seem lecherous, however, so he purposefully quells his expression. “No, well. You were in a right state… Alright, well, he seemed spooked, and the rest of the Yard is, as well. It’s a big storm. We’ve had it coming for weeks.”
He squints at them anyways, held in frozen fingertips, until they hit another bump in the road, and Sherlock looks to John. John shakes his head,
bone one summer when Sherlock was nine, a man’s femur the same year, bleached by the sun - old crab carcasses picked apart by gulls after Thisby storms. It was dried kelp pasted to the rocks in droves when he was thirteen, and an aimless John Watson by a tourist ferry later. Pieces of rider's breeches, a barnacle-crusted leather glove missing three fingers. Broken oyster halves. Remnants of discarded human charms, harnesses and single rusted bells, whose wearers have long since been reclaimed by the water.
Ruining the illusion, John clears his throat. “The horses that have been on land longer, they're more… complicated. You'd think they would become more placid,” John watches the ocean, “more calm. It's the opposite, really. They miss the water more.” Sherlock fingers dance around the edge of the thermos, which has begun to lose its warmth.
Down to the second, Sherlock estimates when John will be finished kicking off his shoes, and John returns to him, kneeling over Sherlock and settling down onto his elbows. Those arms that Sherlock has spent so long considering push up under Sherlock’s, hooking around his shoulders from the back. It draws him deeper into the pillows, near to John’s face, and being handled so decisively sends a curling thrill to Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock’s breath is coming in faster. He tries not to remind himself of Mary, and Mary’s shrieking, or the way she moves, the way they all move, and the way they always smell like something has curled up inside them and died, and they are breathing it out.
“You've trapped me. This is unfair, even for a giant,” The knight yells this as if giants are real and the knight is familiar with them. He brandishes the dagger again.
He can’t move. He sees Jefferson Hope’s spectacles in the bonfire of the rider’s parade, so reflective that they burn twin holes through his front, the same feeling he gets from Moriarty’s cloying stare. Hope’s throat is oozing blood.
“And if you could, the closet round the corner has the bath towels,” she continues, but Sherlock is already striding into the hallway himself. Everyone in this household is so slow. He throws open the door in annoyance, snagging the first thick red towel he sees, the one with Mrs Hudson’s initials embroidered onto the corner fold.
“I don’t have time for you, there’s a half dozen new pickpockets,” She says, pressed, “He’s in the notary’s. Not that you should go back there.”
Afterwards, John falls beside him. His breathing slows. The sweat dries on the back of Sherlock’s neck, an earthly reminder. Tingles shiver under Sherlock’s arm. John faces Sherlock’s profile, silver-blond hair sticking up by his neck, and turns over onto his side.
” Donovan exclaims. “You’re just going to let the Freak be alone with a crime scene? Without any supervision?”
Across the road, sheep wander loose over the mossy stone walls, the ones where the dead collie once was, when Sherlock had ridden up this path only days ago. He can still see the gleam of the wet eyeball in his mind. But he chases the image away, staring out at the fields he and Redbeard pass. There is no sign of the piebald that came out of the storm, and he wonders if it’s returned in the wake, or if an unlucky man has gone and caught her. Surely, no one would try racing that giant. She’s no Mary, but she’s no Redbeard. She was horrifying, stinking like the rot of the seabeds, and taken again by the ocean.
And, suddenly, John is giggling, and so is Sherlock, ducking his head and trying to turn away so that John won’t see his face, his pleased expression and the way he can feel the skin scrunching up at his eyes in some sort of wicked glee.
Beneath the cover of the duvet, because Sherlock is feeling brave, and because nothing is real in the nighttime, Sherlock tentatively settles his hands over John's. He can't hold them in this position, not really, but being able to cover both completely with his own palms is satisfying, because every part of John is warmer than every part of Sherlock. John's skin is sunlight embodied. The man is sighing against the shell of Sherlock’s ear.
“Me and the lads, we would go fishing alone in the streams. You could see the colts, sometime, in a body o’ water that small, which never settl’d with me, always made me think. Your
Lestrade looks confused. “I don’t remember that letter being in there,” he says, “I would’ve opened that.”
Like the mare goddess, John has a way with the sea. Sherlock tries, but there is no way John was in the costume on the night of the Scorpio Festival. Not the right body, height, anything. Sherlock thinks of the shell he had seen John slip into that jacket pocket. Why does it bother him so much, that thought always chasing him around? John had already made his wish. Damn it. What had it been for? For Gladstone? To win the Races again?
John reaches around Sherlock’s body, and Sherlock is floored by this simple movement. John pushes down on his hands, keeping the reins low. Sherlock thinks the wind is to account for how the hair on the nape of his neck rises, and not John’s warm breath ghosting over his shoulder.
Sherlock can see the muscles in the man’s cheek jumping as he clenches his jaw, stalking towards Sherlock, leading the mare next to him (one rule of Thisby is to never turn your back on a
Watson’s hand is outstretched toward the goddess’ costume. There's a white pinprick of an item, a spiraling shell in his palm, the same shell that Sherlock saw him tuck into his pocket after the rider’s parade.
im sorry this has taken so long...... so sorry my friends BUT the next chapter was halved off of this one because of length (wouldve been suuuuper long) and it has much more action than this one... good luck reading and tell me what you think!
“Tell him I’m coming. Oh, and John,” Moriarty turns, nonchalant, shuffling papers like he has something important to do. He makes his next statement in an equally unimpressed fashion, “I saw Sherlock Holmes this morning come up in that tatty old car of his,” a pause. “Gladstone is two-fifty.”
“She’ll be difficult,” John says, then gets distracted by the roar of a car engine, not Sherlock’s, don’t bother, “—difficult to handle as she’s being shipped,” John says cautiously, glancing around as he does it. He’ll always warn people against buying these horses — even if he’s not from here, doesn’t belong, the
“Not one bit,” Watson says, and before Sherlock can slide in some prying question and gloat over his, albeit small, victory, Watson goes on, “But it means that people don’t want you on that beach, because if they don’t beat you, then it means that they lost to Sherlock Holmes and his island pony.”
Repressed anger for the humiliating conditions that he and John had been forced to live under until the conclusion of the Races begins to rise in his throat, and when Moriarty comes for him again, Sherlock gets in a savage jab at his neck. Moriarty swings back a fist and connects with his jaw, sending him straight to the hard ground.
“Stop, stop it. We can’t laugh, someone died,” John calms, before breaking back into a ring of chuckles.
Sherlock petulantly stares out the other window, as if John were riding only in the seat beside him. In his head, he composes petty texts to Mycroft.
John crosses the yard again and pushes experimentally on the gate, which Sherlock had taped up. He tries harder, grunting. “There isn’t a need to imprison me,
The wind blows over them all again, and John stares long at Sherlock for a time, then blinks, breaks himself out of whatever hypnosis he was in, and retrieves a thermos from Gladstone’s saddlebag. It hardly even matters, it’s so far in the back of his mind, that Redbeard cannot hope to be faster than Gladstone, even with the thrall of the ocean.
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, and then feels embarrassed, because this is the line Hope went after him for, at the festival. He goes on without much pause, “Or some other idiot would've won.” Sherlock gestures vaguely with one hand. Gladstone’s eyes snap to the movement, the stallion stills instantly, his long ears whip back. Sherlock's breath catches, and he slowly lowers the hand to hold the reins again.
John crouches by the heater, the hinges squealing as he pulls open the cover to shove in a new log over faintly red coals. He stands, brushing his hands together like a carpenter after a long day’s work. The room grows hotter. Sherlock sticks his fists into the deep pockets of his coat, turning away awkwardly and fiddling with the Ford’s keys.
"Sure," Answers a new voice, "But all this will be feeding the horses, won't it?" Barking laughter from three men.
They wanted adventure and life teetering on the edge of death, and they get it, when they come here, but why would they want this version of adventure? Why not seek out something mysterious and rational and
He pulls the mobile from his ear and fiddles with the case in his lap, glancing out the window and away from John. The cityscape rolls by, accompanied by ordinary people on the sidewalk or in the windows of shops, all doing ordinary things. Sherlock squints, and they all become murderers.
Lestrade, the DI of the very small police force on the island, told him there was nothing to worry about when the letters stopped and Sherlock went to him.
Sherlock doesn’t bother with another warning and retreats to the kitchen. He glances at the vial of blood still poised over the Bunsen burner. There will be time for that later today, or tomorrow, or whenever he puzzles out the mystery of John Watson.
TW for assualt? Though it's pretty in line with the rest of the story. Thought I would say it anyways.
Sherlock’s shoulders shake with uncomfortable, restrained laughter. He looks over and John is smiling nicely at him, and it makes Sherlock's heart flutter and carnivorous butterflies try and eat the lining of his stomach. “No, no. Not my housekeeper. She's very adamant about that. It's her house. Well. I rent use of it. Well.” Sherlock shifts. His feet are cold. “It's complicated.”
“You won't race. Because of him. Only because of him. Can one man be worth the whole island, Mister Holmes?”
At risk of his life, Sherlock presses his forehead against the horse’s round, cold jaw. His fingers curl around the loops in his braided halter.
Drawn to the black figure, Sherlock pushes Redbeard behind in the hands of an unknown race official. His hands lift from the lead without care. He steps back past the finish line.
“Shhhh,” Sherlock pats the stallion’s shoulder, hushing him like the sea. He holds tight to the reins, pulling them over the equine’s head and using them as a lead to guide Redbeard back to the cliffs. They’ve gone pretty far from them. Redbeard’s ears flick towards him, seeking his voice as a comfort.
There is no time to let his heart thrill at a little pet name, even if it is mocking him, because the shark has arrived.
“They’d have to be fairly wealthy for that,” Lestrade says. They all go quiet for a moment. No one wants to suggest his name. Anyone nearby could overhear.
There. No worse words have ever been spoken to him. The implication that as some officers deceive Lestrade, John deceives Sherlock, has not been allowed into his mind before now. The idea grows. John’s wide eyes, his brilliance, it’s all too good for Sherlock -- isn’t it?
Something terribly dangerous doesn’t want to be extracted from such an embrace, but Sherlock manages it anyhow. John stirs at several points and so he has to pause, senses dulled by sleep and nightmares, and then he’s out. He needs to look like he’s been up for hours and has forgotten all about John’s hands on his navel. This aloofness will save him from further conversation, and John’s hesitance will stop the champion from asking at all. John is a tentative man in these affairs.
Sherlock is suddenly quite cross that his curls tend to tangle and hang limply in his face after an attack by the wind, because Watson looks put together, short hair scrappy from the rushes of air. Sherlock shoves his hair back, only to have it fall back again when he replaces his hands on the reins.
Sherlock pats his neck, belatedly noticing the mud caked into the short copper fur. He’ll need a rough brush when they get back. For now, however, Sherlock needs petrol for the Ford and to check what’s going on down at the beaches. The latter now and the former afterwards.
Redbeard has retreated to the beach, Sherlock can hear him squealing in panic and frenzy - Sherlock needs to get to him, he can hear and feel the savage water horses nearby, hungry.
He rolls his eyes. He is trying very hard, if the bones in his room have anything to do with it, but he's unsure why the man cares.
As his plan, Sherlock draws the iron red horse closer to the edge of the sea, relishing in the slow meander of his gait. The water beats against Redbeard’s motionless ankles. Almost everything is ready. The race officials are clearing off the pale road of sand between ocean and cliffs. An ocean of trouble rages inside Sherlock’s gut, thrashing in time with the masked beating of drums in the crowd above.
John doesn’t glance over. He hasn’t, this whole time. Sherlock would feel almost neglected, if it wasn’t for the fact that John just offered to shoot Hope, again, should he harm Sherlock.
When Sherlock could not find John on the cliffs in the morning light, or further up the beaches, he had come here, hoping to find him among the scuffles of the trifling islanders offering some advice.
Mrs Hudson looks at him. She looks upset. Sherlock wonders if she’d found out about the baker from Tholla’s two wives on the mainland. Mm. She’d be more upset at that, wouldn’t she? Of course she would. Sherlock’s eyes dart around the room - paper on the table. Training reports, they’re like the newspapers here. Someone’s died. She couldn’t be troubled over just that, could she? Someone she knew had to die.
The drop falls to the rock, mingling with the sheep’s and the other riders. Here he stands, letting his blood sink into the stone, and into Thisby. Traditions, island and mainland, mean nothing to him, they are far below and half are not worthy of upkeep, but tonight among the riders and caught up in their net, something akin to ancient pride festers in his bones.
position,” Moriarty crows, and then rolls his eyes, not at his own innuendo, but at Sherlock’s calm stance, remaining on the other side of the desk with a passive glare. “I can’t see the appeal. You could be far more relaxed if you sat down.”
Mrs Hudson pours the steaming water from the kettle into her meticulously-painted teacups. One, then the other. Sherlock watches her dreg the tea. “And miss it?”
Sherlock leaves his hold on John’s face. He’s warm and safe while encompassed by Sherlock’s hands, untouched by the danger of the Races. Dejected, Sherlock exhales, “Is there
Surprised, but not put off, John remarks, “He should've been better at taking it off. Don't you think he could've looked in a mirror before going out in public?” He slides his hands away from Sherlock, back to his own glass of scotch.
Watson looks down, an indecipherable expression upon his face. And then, slowly, he retracts the hand and tucks the spiraling shell into his pocket again. He looks at the mare goddess, and seems to draw a deep breath. He doesn't do his terse little nod, like Sherlock’s used to seeing him doing. He merely fidgets his left hand, thumb rubbing over his knuckles, and walks past the goddess, across the street, and into the next darkened alleyway, pavement scuffing beneath his boots.
After a moment and the exchange of a look with Donovan, Lestrade sighs and waves a hand for Sherlock to continue.
“Well,” Moriarty says. He offers a cigarette to Sherlock, and he accepts. Moriarty even lights it for him. They both watch the ocean while Moriarty removes a cigar from the thinner case, and draws the entire thing along his tongue, wetting it, before sticking it between his teeth and lighting it. The paper crinkles and oranges. He makes eye contact with Sherlock as he take a long drag and blows out dark smoke.
John’s hand launches out of the water, seizing a faulty stirrup. He grunts, arm shaking as he pulls himself up, soaking wet and gasping.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock assures through quaking teeth. Ugh. They start down the alleyways they had run through only a handful of minutes before, scenting the sea on the oncoming winds. Was it this cold before?
He throws open the door, glancing around in the streetlamps for their culprit. There, disappearing halfway behind the corner of a building. Sherlock runs, sees the man hunched and headed down the alley, kicking old cans and spooking a lurking cat, who hisses.
His gaze lands on the castle by his feet, next to his folded laptop, and the tiny, live knight staring up at him.
in disguise, come ashore to trick all of them, like the Scottish man’s mainland kelpies. Sherlock remembers the way islanders had considered Jefferson Hope’s comments about John’s tidepool eyes.
Moriarty forces Sherlock’s head up, twisting a strained hand in his curls. Sherlock’s hands fly up to grasp Moriarty’s wrist to relieve the pressure. Moriarty leans down.
Archie hands him the paper bag. Molly is somewhere in the back room, and Archie stares at Sherlock with wide eyes. “Are you really going to ride in the Races?”
High tide reaches up and hits the cliffs, eroding the white. In the water, amongst the many white caps, great shapes swim just beneath the surface, where dips in the water follow fast-moving bodies.
Sherlock's heart beats more quickly than it has ever before. It is the only sound, the only feeling in the world. The salt and the wind assault him at this vantage point.
Sediment from the cliffs crumbles down like broken brick onto the grains of yellow-brown sand… Sherlock whips around, then back, eyes wide, staring at the charmed painting.
They step out from beneath the shingles that hang over the door, blocking the water. The rain is heavy and assaults them both immediately and without forgiveness. John’s jumper over Sherlock’s figure is instantly drenched, and though he is once more wet, Sherlock is glad it is with freshwater and not salt this time.
At the end of December, amidst the billows of icy flurries and salted snow, the Scorpio Sea pulls ashore a black head framed by long white hair, snout leering low to snuff at the shells on the shoreline by his hooves.
Not to mention the teeth that would be pushed up against his chest, as Redbeard’s nose is now. Sherlock runs a fond hand through the copper horse’s black tuft of hair between his ears, careful not to encourage bad behavior. The rest of his mane and tail is rust red, like his coat, but there's little wisps of black up here.
“I’m very clever.” Sherlock keeps his voice very quiet, as if shy of the wind, to match John’s volume, neither of them wants to risk spooking Gladstone.
Watson’s grin pulls Sherlock back to reality. He shakes his head, stupefied. He looks at the ground, then back up, sighing contentedly. “I look at your face, and I wonder, Sherlock Holmes.”
He takes his time to observe the room. There is too much clutter and not enough organization. Mrs Hudson would be appalled. Sherlock identifies with it; his own room is much the same, only, skeletons take up quite a lot of space and they do not here. There are a number of equestrian health novels and textbooks stacked on a scraggly wooden chair with thin legs in the corner of the room near the heater. It gives the impression that both the chair and the books are meant for firewood, as they are so near the supply of logs in a basket.
Mrs Hudson is downstairs in the kitchen cellar, fumbling around several verdant oranges by the sink. The strings of dried herb bundles dangle precariously over her head, and along all the tops of the walls. There’s too much stuff, and too much tidying. Sherlock sniffs, and makes sure to step on the creaky steps to alert her of his presence. He’s fairly certain she knows he’s here anyway, she’s got that sort of sixth sense all elderly ladies seem to have.
“Yes. It’ll be simple to discern who did this, and someone did do it purposefully, not the baker, you idiot, when the specific type of poison is revealed. Importation records and all of that.”
Didn't hear him come up on that big horse at all. It's terrifying how silent they are. The only thing that gives the pair away, sound wise, as John rides him closer, is John’s hearty giggling. His biceps flex briefly under his shirt, straining the jacket he wears while he dismounts, and suddenly Sherlock's mouth feels wetter than it had a moment ago. He digs into the saddlebag on Gladstone’s haunches and removes a small blue notebook that was in his flat the night Sherlock stayed over.
“You weren’t aware you should be looking for anything,” Sherlock says. “There was no reason for you to be suspicious.”
In the sky, grey clouds are rolling over each other, mimicking the waves shunting onto shore, the whispers of a storm dredging through the heavy air. Sellers and buyers and owners are all down at the sand. For some reason, Sherlock is reminded of how Musgrave sounds when she's hissing, because that is the noise the men’s jackets make as they shift and move in the crowd, shoulder to shoulder.
Gently, his thumb sweeps over a bump, an item in his pocket. Without removing it, he knows it is the spiraling shell from the mare goddess. What wish was there to make? He’s wished to win before, but that isn’t what he promised this year. He'd lied to Sherlock about already making his wish. He had no clue in his head as to what he wanted.
Huffing, Redbeard turns and walks a few feet away from the edge, tracking with it. His neck bobs up and down as he goes.
“That's what it looks like. The man’s still got what he ate all over his face. Haven't checked for external markings under the clothes, we’re waiting for photographs. Looks like something chemical, allergic reaction, maybe.” Lestrade gives him the rundown as they leave the back of the bakery. The door swings closed behind them with a quiet squeak of old hinges.
Because there is no possible way that the murderer went out seeking John’s sword. Because it did not exist in a large form before it was stolen from the figurine, John’s sword came to
He hunches over, setting his elbows on his knees and his chin in his hands as he regards the red stallion, picking at the flake of hay Sherlock gave him, only moments ago. Musgrave has yet to make an appearance, as the barn cat often does. She might be ripping apart the seats in the Ford. Josephine is meandering slowly inside the fences. She doesn’t get out very often.
There’s no one in the flat. No one behind the sofa, or in either of the armchairs, or crouched in the doorway. For good measure, Sherlock rushes upstairs to the spare bedroom, but it's empty. He double-checks the locks on the windows upstairs, and returns to the sitting room.
His clattering through the cupboards must have woken the sleeping champion. He had most forgotten he was here.
To have a hold on Gladstone is to have a hold over John, to own John is to own Sherlock. He knows that, now. Sherlock should’ve realized it all sooner. Perhaps in that case, he could have manipulated Moriarty’s beliefs to his own advantage. There is no hope for such a thing, it’s too late for that now. Sherlock must play the hand he has been dealt.
twice. Does that mean he’s… acted with the other books in mind? I feel like we’d have heard something about someone murdering a king to take a throne. Especially if it was as close as Scotland.”
Mister Tyler chuckles. “Okay, Sherlock. I’m sorry if I scared you. Nothing’s wrong. The opposite actually! Your school results are outstanding and we, the school, want to give you an opportunity”, Mister Tyler explains.
I put my hand on her cheek, let them wander. It is, explores the face, neck, hair. I hear the soft nagging.
“I’ve known you for a long time and you’re not good at hiding anything. You have to practise with lying, you know?”
Sherlock, it is a sign that it is you up to be able to refrain at all times. When he was a child, his finger was a brilliant blue, blue mutirnnal grows very hands.
“I saw her with Seth. Joan is not your pet, Sherlock. She won’t always follow you around.” Jane smirks.
Sherlock tells who he is anyway. “That’s Mark. He lives two streets away from me and gives me flowers every once in a while.”
To serve not to do, to postpone, procrastination is hand to hand. A man with sharp blue eyes, beauty of the ear of the heavenly four-poster bed. Harry knew when she warned in the morning, immediately on the garden gate.
Mycroft raise eyebrows. "It's good for you." And now the peak gray ear and mouth. "I'm in tomorrow, I slept at all that you want to have a big meeting."
John’s mom puts her hand on John’s shoulder and pulls her with her, leaving Sherlock alone. The playground is almost empty at this time of day, because everyone is having dinner. Sherlock walks home. She fiddles with her flower bracelet. The way home isn’t long, but it seems so when you’re alone. Sherlock is sad that her plan didn’t work, John’s mom saw how dirty they are and knew where they had been.
Have you laughed at yourself, "2 If this does not happen, but if you want to walk I can love you at the same time:" and he has provided.
And when they came to the rulers and the people, they fled from the flame. From women with a broken leg, the shout of silence.
He, his mother was proud. "My children! I am glad to see you! And you John, of course. You're a member of this family."
Sherlock puts her hand in her bag to get her mobile. It isn’t there. Panic fills her chest as she searches through the bag but her mobile wasn’t there. She searches for her mobile in her lap and then on the floor.
“Yes, you do. His name is Sander and he’s dating Philly. She gives him blowjobs behind the school during breaks”, Sherlock tells.
“I want to kiss you”, John confessed. He had finally learned how to walk with four legs. “But I can’t.”
He sucks and bites leaving marks everywhere on my neck and chest. I love every God damn second his mouth is on my body. I let myself moan. The sounds coming out of my throat are getting louder and louder as Sherlock is going further down my torso. Just past my bellybutton I stop him.
Everyone says bye and sits down on their chair. Sherlock and John look at each other. They are both curious.
Sherlock looks at him. She tries to hold back, but the anger unstoppable. “I think it’s time for me to go home.”
Mycroft’s head goes back inside and she comes outside again with a rope. She throws one end of the thick rope to Sherlock. “Tie this to something.”
The man holds out his hand. “Hi. My name is Andy”. He has an American accent and his voice is probably the deepest voice Sherlock has ever heard.
Sherlock looks at the papers on his desk to see if she can deduce what the conversation could be about.
Mycroft arrived the day after leaving John. He came to make sure I do not do the drugs. I was. Mycroft were all eliminated. He said he wants security for me, you really like it, I will keep them protected. Medicine keeps me serious. My hands are shaking. I need something. Anything. John I has more than anything else. John Watson is entitled.
This is wrong: we kissed drawing, painting, hug, kissed images waiting, screenshots, which looked, screenshots, images embrace, and we smiled at each other, cover and screenshots our colleagues kissing
Now he's gone. He took biology. There is an empty seat next to the fireplace. empty room. Void of life.
It's Sherlock's eyes to realize that you have a sore and grow together. They must have forgotten in the heat of the moment.
Sherlock puts his hand behind his back. I poured a little back on the couch, give it full. He starts him, he leans on my knees, extends his lies and his leg for him.
A shadow falls over the two girls. “Look who we have here: a Barbie-princess and a cry baby! What are you crying about now, Willow?” A tall girl with dirty blonde hair stands in front of Sherlock. Caroline laughs. She looks behind her to her friend Jean, who laughs too. She leans forward to Sherlock a bit and says in a voice as if she’s talking to a baby: “Did you fall, Willow? Does it hurt? Aw, poor baby. Shall I get your mummy?”
The next morning Sherlock woke up to the sun shining through the curtains into the room. He turned to John, only to realize that he wasn’t there.
“Aw, that hurts! Stop it! Leave us alone!” John stands up with an angry face. “I’m going to tell your mum if you don’t stop now!” She threatens.
Before she can say something the person on the other side of the line speaks. “I told you so.” Beep. The person hung up.
I smiled and said, "You look great today," I do not lie, Jesse looks beautiful with a floral skirt, her hair is amazing. Somehow I remember the tie ... what? Jesse smiled.
When Sherlock arrives, she sees that Jane is already there. She’s leaning against the tree and is looking at her phone. The blue light illuminates her pale face and long black hair.
John starts a sentence, but Sherlock doesn’t let her finish. There’s mud on her clothes and her hair is messy. Her eyes are red. “Caroline”, Sherlock realises, “What did she do to you, John? I’m going to punish her!”
At this workshop, we observe the most silent, that is. Add human machine somewhere far from the queue.
“If you want to and your parents say yes, then you will go next spring and you’ll stay for three months. You can stay at another student’s home or at a hotel. If you say student, the school will carefully pick someone you could be friends with. The school will cover a lot of expenses like the plane tickets and school lunches, we won’t pay for your hotel. It’s okay if you want to think about this all and talk to your parents before you make a decision. I want your answer next Friday.”
"Maybe we can talk about horses GMM, I love you," I'm currently trying to come up with ideas Mutter GMM.
“Willow, what is that on your wrist?” daddy asks. He points at the flower bracelet John gave to Sherlock.
Because he stabbed and sucked, I know my neck and chest. I'm all fucking God, love his mouth in my body. I. Downward, you will hear a high Sherlock from the neck. A little later on mine, I will stop.
He says my love, and always was, says he was afraid too and admit it. It is said that the kiss United States changed notice that Rosie is catastrophic.
“I have some bad news, Sherl”, Jean says. He holds Sherlock’s right hand with both of his hands. “I’m moving away to Scotland in a few months”.
"Harry, yes!" Harry is with fire. Cracks and whistles. Ron Harry learned spells to protect against heat, you can basically by fire in the use of these games.
“I was talking about Seth. I like him”, John confesses. She seems angry at Sherlock for not listening.
John sighs loudly. “Fine.” She walks to the kitchen and comes out after a few minutes with a sandwich. The blonde sits down at the dinner table and orders Sherlock to get the book, their notes and a laptop.
“Okay, but we should eat something first. You must be starving, I know I am”, John says to Sherlock. She’s trying to get Sherlock to eat.
“Let her be, Mycroft. She’s only a child”, daddy says to Mycroft, and to Sherlock he says: “John’s mom doesn’t like it when you two get dirty. You can’t play near the river again.”
"I'm sorry," he says. It takes time to process what is happening. He has apologized. Your words are so important, you must be able to change your life. Change our lives.
I went to the white building with lots of windows. If you have time, there are a few people who think that, for me, he has attracted the attention of the decade is expected to be a restaurant. Maybe he is a man of 24 years old. That does not mean old. He had a small beard, pointing to her dirty blond hair, but the most surprising is that so his guitar. He hit the amazing Fitz! I do not know my pain to listen to the game. He was perfect ....
Send it to me, "Take care of yourself. Who is there," and he took the hill and you mischief. Anna hands, but evil.
“I’m not scared of you. You’re a Barbie doll and Willow is stupid. Come on, Jean. Let’s get away from these losers”, Caroline says. She turns around and pulls Jean with her to the playground.
Screech - Owl Hedwig woke up in Barbakas' ritual in the cage with a loud scream, especially to beat their wings.
“Please, mummy. I really want to. Daddy’s okay with it. Why won’t you ever let me do something fun?” Sherlock screams at mummy. She storms out of the living room, slamming the door shut behind her. She runs up the stairs as loud as possible and walks into Mycroft’s room.
“Because saw the new teacher yesterday”, Jane answers John. She’s never really mean, but never really nice. You can’t hate her, but you can’t love her either. She’s confusing.
John has tears in her eyes. “No! I’m not coming to one of your stupid adventures! Can’t you see that I’m hurt? I want to go home, Sherlock”, She yells.
Sherlock stops in front of her locker and looks at John. “The school offers me a trip to Australia for new experiences! How amazing is that?”
Once in the plane Sherlock calms down a bit. She’s save, in the right plane, and almost on her way to a new life. Sherlock has a window seat so she can easily look outside. The typical British weather makes it harder to leave, it won’t rain as much in Australia as it does in the UK.
“Don’t worry, my love. We have a few months together and after that we will write and phone each other every day. I promise.” Jean sounds genuinely sad.
Seth? Sherlock feels weird, she’s upset and glad at the same time. “Okay”, Sherlock says, “I’m glad that someone helped you. Now, we need to find out what Jane is up to. She’s been acting weird lately. Come, John”.
He takes a deep breath and points to a circular scar on his chest. “This is where Mary shot me.” My breathing stops when I hear her name. He points to the some marks on his ribs. “I got into a fight with a murder suspect.” His finger now goes to his back. “Most of these are from Serbia.”
I will put my head on his chest. That keeps me in his arms. I have in my body that I love, and I cried.
The whole Holmes-family is sitting at the table for dinner. Mummy made broccoli with cheese and a piece of meat for everyone.
“I know. Who’s the one?” She answers. She keeps smoking and looks at Sherlock with one eyebrow raised.
Sherlock reached out to that. Of John Watson, Sherlock, I said, Stretch not out thy hand more slowly. In John Paul's hand and the heart of Sherlock feels. Family, but in your minds Sherlock.
“My mom is going to kill me for making grass stains on my uniform”, John sighs. She takes a bag of crisps out of bag. “Do you want some?”
Sherlock leans in. His hot breath is coming closer and closer to me. I can see all the little details of his face.
The answer is not what it sounds. On the contrary it seems that the hands are knijpte very firmly visible with the eyes, the hat has been contracted.
But the sound screamed at his feet and screamed out loud, as if he were floating through the grass to Henry.
“Don’t listen to them, Sherlock. They are just stupid bullies,” John says. She helps Sherlock up. “Let’s go to your home”.
“Well, I can’t help you. You just have to go to school. Maybe you could try to make more friends”, mummy says as if it’s that easy. She’s not someone you can just ask for help.
A lot of books in Sherlock’s house now have a flower hidden in them. Sherlock chose books that none of her family members ever read. This way they will never find out about the flowers.
“Hello, Willow! I’m in the kitchen. Come give me a kiss”, Sherlock’s mom calls. Sherlock cringes at that name, Willow. She hates it.
Before Sherlock can give a reaction mummy has pulled out her camera and has taken the photo. “Aww you look lovely, Sherlock.”
I missed. I think he's missing. When I was lying on the sofa, every cell in my body is pain, I did not think about it. Your smile. His eyes. Her hair. He said to protect me always. My heart hurts. The weight on my chest is very heavy. I can not breathe.
“John, where have you been?” Sherlock asks angrily. She walks to John who’s walking in the middle of the street.
Sherlock’s eyes grow wide as if he just realized that he has scars. He must have forgotten about them in the heat of the moment.
I feel red and my cheeks will happen. Who knows. He does not need to ask, but he does not yet know what God knows why. Maybe they can admit it. God, did I say?
“Sherlock, wait up!” Mark runs towards the girls. His clothes are loose and flowy, and his hair almost reaches his shoulders. “Here”, he says and without looking at Sherlock, he gives her a flower. He runs away.
They pick flowers and neither of them gets dirty. John’s dress is still bright pink and Sherlock’s jeans are still blue.
The door of the classroom opens. Mister Tyler steps in and clears his throat. “Willow Holmes? Is Willow here?”
“I have to get going now, but thank you for your time and your services”, the officer said before turning around. She left in her police car.
“You’re a good student, Sherlock. Maybe one day you won’t be an idiot anymore.” Mycroft smiles proudly at her younger sister.
Basil had been wiped out a kind hat in Harry's hand. Harry was revealed. It is all that has left him just his chances. She rubbed the tail of the curse and basil had fallen flat on the ground again on the head.
Sherlock thinks about it for a moment. “No”, she says. She doesn’t like him that way at all. He’s just a classmate to her.
“You don’t like boys, you miss John, John is not interested in your life at all and you have a secret boyfriend that you don’t even like. What are you going to do?”
Draco sigh of relief. "Do not scare me like that, Potter." He wants to kiss, but note that this is not a good idea.
"I have some of the people you will meet in the fight over the years, the portable weapons and got the drug."
“I prefer to be called Sherlock”, Sherlock says. She sees a paper with her name on it, on it are her test results of the last few months. All scores are above 90%, sometimes even 100%.
Mike I laugh with pride. "This is my work, I have to ask. Do not forget to invite to your wedding, friends." It is us.
“The first one to touch the slide wins!” Sherlock screams and she runs away. John follows her almost as fast. Harder and harder they run. Bang! Sherlock falls to the ground. She sticks her hands forwards to break the fall and skips a few times before coming to a stop.
John turns around to wave at her mom for the fourth time since they left her house. John’s mom waves back from inside the living room.
John, whose been holding her breath, chuckles. Her eyes are filled with tears. She closes her eyes and within a few minutes, the small girl falls asleep.
"Harry Potter!" I am a being. And yet it became clear at a glance, since it is loose, it is perceived as with a soft voice. As far as Dobby wanted to see the teacher ... This perspective is honored ...
After they phoned the police and calmed the person, whose name was Will, they waited. The woman with the broken leg was quietly crying.
Sherlock let’s out her breath. She didn’t even realise she was holding it. “I can’t believe it. Thank you, sir. I’ll think about it and you’ll get my answer soon.”
“Yes, that’s her. What do I do? She’s always mean to me, but I feel so weird around her. I think she knows. She’s always playing with my feeling; being mean about things that hurt the most, and being kind about the things that I love the most. She’s doing this on purpose!” Sherlock tells. It feels good to get it all off her chest.
I would say we have something for you for men. I love you. I love you and I will always be forever. I told you before, but I was scared. Now it's too late. Marie wishes you much success, and I wish you all the records.
“Yes, mummy, I packed my bag”, Sherlock sighs in annoyance. She just wants to go to the old oak tree to see Jane. Why is mummy being so annoying? “I’m just meeting a friend before I leave, okay?”
This is from my rhink fic 'mad at myself'. It's not on my ao3 account, but you can find it on my wattpad. https://www.wattpad.com/user/LauIsVeryCold
“Maximus!” He stroked the soft fur and wrapped his arms around Maximus’s neck. The horse pushed his grey nose against Sherlock’s shoulder.
The door opens and mummy comes out. “What is all that noise- Willow? You’re hurt! Come in, love. You too, John. Come sit over here, Willow.”
"No - what are you doing?" Water fountain, because it molds the main dirimuntque, loads great chastity and jumps back to the rear dobby on the couch and reaches Harry.
“Thank you, Harry. I’m here to see John”, Sherlock says as polite as possible. She’s never really comfortable at John’s home.
“Yes!” Sherlock gets a hairband from her pocket and braids John’s hair. “Wait here”, she says. John sits down in the grass while Sherlock walks away to pick flowers. The riverbank looks like a fairy tale land, she often pretends it actually is and that she’s the princess. Sherlock finds the flowers she’s looking for, blue ones and pink ones and purple ones and big ones and small ones, all kinds of flowers. Sherlock’s hands are now dirty. It doesn’t matter to her. She skips over to John who is still waiting.
Mycroft will display sessions. The one with whom to play with a cigarette in their hands. I have lipstick. so it is not to be seen, try to avoid the sufferings of the robot can not be choose.
Maximus was inside the stable, rolling around in the straw. John’s shirt was ripped to pieces and shoved into a corner.
The officer wrote it all down. She smiled to John and stroked him. “Wow, you’re a real hero, horsey.”
Mummy sits Sherlock down on a chair. John stands awkwardly next to the scene while mummy takes care of Sherlock’s wounds, Sherlock looks at John. There are tears in John’s eyes. Is that because of what Caroline said? Sherlock is used to being called stupid. She knows she’s stupid. John deserves better than being called a Barbie doll, she’s a real person. She’s a special and kind person.
Your life will change many things very quickly. He is married to children, can security and peace. See more rare.
When I met a soul with a Marcus problem. That he is Julia, I love him because I love him so much. Homosexual, homosexual, this mixture that John explained that he really did not feel it in mind. Bisexual. I want it, that it is included in the word itself. It is necessary. This message means that others may feel the same way. And that is not all. There are so many people, like him. There is bisexuality.
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” The chubby girl throws the book on the ground. John jumps off her back and kicks her in the leg. Caroline runs away.
Sherlock was riding John without a saddle. Sherlock loved the feeling of John’s muscles moving underneath him. They were galloping through the forest when they heard a scream nearby.
Mycroft listens carefully. She plays with the cigarette in her hand, there’s some lipstick on it. “I think you should ignore this crush. Jane is purposely hurting you. Learn from that. If you show your true emotions, people can do with them whatever they want. They can make you feel better or worse, it’s their choice. The best way to cope with emotions is to not show them, if you have them. To not seem like a robot you can try to have fake feelings. That’s basically lying and that’s something you can easily learn. Why don’t you find someone to practice with? You can choose anyone. Is there someone who likes you at the moment?”
Hmm Sherlock. But it will take a photo of ways to learn every day and growing. And not just wait for the day when he can stop the growth. He says that the gray as it is to know and provide a point of Mycroft mate search. Sherlock to understand. A be the point, for the people: and he was faint that no one is able not to.
Sherlock is about to say that Jane should pick it up when Jane says: “This is the problem. The final problem: staying alive. So boring, isn’t it?” She turns the mobile off and throws it away. “All my life I’ve been searching for distractions. You were the best one and now I don’t even have you! You’re leaving and you know what? I’m not even going to miss you! Now I have to go back and play with ordinary people. Oh well. Did I make you wonder if I was going to kill you? Did I get you?”
“Oh boys, that’s great! I’m so happy that you two are fighting crime again.” She kissed Sherlock’s cheek and John’s nose.
"Why play anywhere in the middle of the bar. But they are very talented!" Suddenly, the sum of the cream. "You can not ask," almost crying. How rude.
“Sherlock, I’m busy. You can’t just call whenever you want”, Mycroft moans. She sighs. “What do you need?”
"If they die, throw it out!" More Anna bumps. But he was not crazy. But Hannah, and she really did not care for the direction of the mountain. Only joy, and with time it will feel love.
A heavy weight lies on Sherlock’s head, shoulders, and chest. It’s been there for a while and Sherlock can’t figure out what it is. It’s hard to describe feelings. Some people seem to have no problem doing it, those people write books and poems, but Sherlock has always had trouble knowing what she feels let alone describing the feeling. A heavy weight, urges to hit and kick things, the urge to scream, an empty feeling, and a sore throat; what could that be? If only there was a way to know. Is there a book about emotions that clearly describes how they feel and what to do with them? If not, Mycroft should write it, she knows how to deal with everything.
“Sherlock! Look what I made for you!” John shouts while running over the playground to Sherlock. Out of breath and panting she arrives at the swings. Her long blonde hair is messy and her clothes dirty.
"Mystery to ask you something?" , Jesus came to his own house, and I will not Mikeft to spend time. Sitting on a park bench sisters to me. Mom and Dad want to go.
John’s mouth falls open and her blue eyes widen. “Really? We have to try that!” She can barely contain her excitement as the girls walk to the road next to the river. There are lots of flowers there.
I shut my eyes and close the gap slowly. The kiss is fast but his lips are warm and soft and leave me wanting more. When I open my eyes my face is still less than an inch away from Sherlock’s. His eyes are closed and his lips are curved into a smile.
"I love you to Sherlock," I whisper. I started kissing her neck, Sherlock was moaning loudly. I can feel his hard cock.
“Guess, she’s not home”, says John. She dumps her bag on the floor in the hall next to her shoes. Sherlock does the same.
Sherlock is sitting on a swing, with her feet on the ground she’s slowly swinging back and forth. She’s bored. The sky is cloudless and the sun in burning hot.
Not Sherlock experiment physical world. Our brand is beautiful. And it looks like someone has wrapped the arm around her shoulders; black and white.
With the cigarette in her mouth, Sherlock answers. “Hell yeah, but we still haven’t picked a book to read. Want to come over to my house after school to search for a book?”
“Sadly, you’re not and neither am I. Now get up, are you hurt?” John helped up by supporting them with his neck.
John quietly check what was going on. The knife one held that the woman was made and lined against a tree.
"What you are talking to is an attractive and favorite person." Marcus answers in his mother tongue.
Mycroft tickles from the mouth of smoking cigars. "Of course it is smaller than you," she said. Her lips are covered with bloody her lipstick and her nails the same color. And it is great.
In the first, Johannes carries out the busbar, an appeal, and courage to act, but as a horse, because it is pleased with the way of handling; Because he was involved both at the same time. No, Johannes, in his own case, and he knew he was: he wanted physical contact.
“I never understood why there are always graveyards next to mansions, it’s so morbid to have your dead relatives next to your bedroom,” Will confessed.
He's blind. Harry struck out the wall and the bedroom. Cook or cry in fear and all Harry before, imagination, Cathedral, fall to the ground. He's dead.
He pranced and ran to John by the sword. Women jumping steel fell back and forth. Because he was John, standing on their feet, and they were not able to escape. He cried in pain, but John was merciless.
Why are you so unpleasant? Asking Lucius in Yiddish He does not want John to interrupt the conversation.
“Okay.” Miss Honey believes Sherlock and John! “Class don’t forget to hand me your paper about your book next week. The bell will ring in a minute so you can pack up and wait at the door.”
Everything points to an of study I would not. No makeup father golden yarn in direction. Mycroft has gray spots on the chest and neck. Initially, I brought it back into the chest, but in the hope of meeting you a soul mate: Mother Courage, indicated therein.
Sherlock shakes the man’s hand. His fingernails are yellowed. Smoker. “I’m Sherlock”, she says. They’re going to sit next to each other for the whole flight so she might as well be nice.
"Well, well, well, you do not know what to do, Just give me that screw and protect it Marcus easily leaks under the closet John and Lucius got thrown for at least 30 minutes It was.
Sherlock looks around. She sees the metal pipe that she found on the street a few weeks ago. She picked it up just in case and now she can actually use it. She ties the rope in the middle of the pipe. If she hold the pipe horizontally, it’s too long to fit through the window so the rope is secure on her side.
Our kiss deepens even more and I lick Sherlock’s bottom lip. He opens his mouth to let me in. Sherlock is soft and warm and wet. My blood is pumping to my member. I am grasping his hair now and Sherlock’s hands have found my ass.
I sat in a chair and looked at Rhett. He did not know that was my guitar out of the box, and finally saw me.
Mycroft looks up. A cigarette in the corner of her mouth. “The mind, my young Sherlock, is like the lockers at school. In each locker is a memory or thought. When you put something in a locker carefully, it won’t come out until you open it. Here’s the thing: when you try to put something away in your mind too quickly, the locker will be messy on the inside and the door might not be able close. The memory or thought will keep bothering you. To stop that you need to open the locker and look at the mess you made. You have to think about it again, even if it hurts. You need to fold it up nicely and it will fit the locker. Sometimes to get rid of something, we need to face it. Do you understand?”
Sherlock smiles to herself. John is the best friend anyone could ever wish for. Her laughter can make Sherlock’s whole day better. Sherlock loves holding John’s hand, it makes her feel safe. Is it normal to think this way about a friend? This is probably just what platonic love feels like.
A cold breeze makes Sherlock shiver. She is walking down the street. There’s no one there. Sherlock knows where the other kids are, they’re playing murder at the old oak tree like they always do. Sherlock never wants to play that game with them, but she spies on them sometimes. A car passes, she isn’t totally alone after all.
The door of the classroom opens. A man comes in. He looks nice, but old. His grey hair is parted in the middle and he has lines around is mouth and eyes. “Return to your seats children. I’ll introduce myself first”, the man speaks. He sounds nice.
Caroline hadn’t expected it either and looks shocked, but quickly recovers. She pulls her mean-face. “No.”
“And?” Sherlock asks. She knows what Mycroft means, but she loves to annoy her sister by asking questions.
“No, ma’am. I have to be home at 6 o’clock”, Sherlock answers politely. She and John are sitting on the floor in John’s bedroom. They’re both reading.
Sherlock looks at the flower in her hand. A purple violet. “What does that mean?” Sherlock asks John.
I, again, stood by the table, then turned to the stranger. He agreed with the opinion of his guitar on the wall for him. Some give money, but not much. Blonde, and it would taste like a few days, feeling a little dirty. I had no place to stay anywhere in the house and looked around. Where is it? Where was I? Who was there? I saw and heard a song by Andy cream and returned with food.
Mycroft sighs and puts down her schoolwork. “Don’t cry, Sherlock. What good has it ever done to you? Nothing, so stop crying and do something about your problem”, says Mycroft looking annoyed. She stands up and walks to Sherlock. Mycroft puts her hand on Sherlock’s chin and forces her to look at the tall girl. “Come on, little sister. You’re not five years old anymore. Dry your tears and face your problem. Deep breath. Good. Now stand up. Yes. Now wash your face, because you look like an idiot.”
Mycroft's, mother and father, and push on the driveway that they were. And, he is silent, when the sign of the studio.
“Sherl!” He yells from the other side of the playground. He runs to the swings. “Hey, babe”, he says.
John’s mouth falls open. “That’s great, but when and for how long? Do you go all by yourself? Where will you stay? Are your parents okay with it? Oh, my god. I can’t believe it. I’m so happy for you, Sherlock!” John gives Sherlock a big and tight hug. Sherlock embraces John tightly.
During the meal, I realized that the people in our food. Are you hungry? It is only when they are hungry, people will be able to ask for the unusual?
"Harry tells me that I am not happy to meet you, Harry says quickly, but is it mainly because it is ER?"
I saw him. Fingers dirty, greasy hair and blue eyes. I think he'd tell me all the Wow, I could not believe my eyes. I go to him and spread in the body, a strange sense of how beautiful the boss said to him, hugged him, and today! My body was no longer in the brains not to do something.
Several children raise their hand. Sherlock looks down. She lost her dog Redbeard so long ago, but it still hurt. Not long after Redbeard, Sherrinford died too. Sherlock was 3 years old when it happened and no one ever told her what really happened to her sister. Sherlock feels someone staring at her. She look up and sees Jane smirking at her. Jane knows.
Sherlock had complained of one of approval to the spirit laughter. "Please tell me, I understand. What happened."
Something wet on the cheek. Tears. I cried a lot that I missed some of these last days. I have no tears flowing down my cheek.
"I do not need to care, it is referred to as" Sherlock difficult, but nevertheless, rising from his chair. Similar sore leg. John puts his arm around the waist of Sherlock. Sherlock contact all or respond. I'm worried about how little care hurt John Sherlock.
"Well," said Hill. Anna sheep but to go far. Carriage forest. The heat does not diffuse into the natural emotions of the body of Anna. Joy, hope and fear, force or even God ആഘോഷത്തിലേക്ക്. All the joy of mountains.
John stood up from his chair and ran to the kitchen. It's always a mess. John on the mirror was able to see his wings. They are white and gray feathers and bad. He hated his wings. John, I think they are ugly. If the thing you have to think that it had requested the most beautiful in the world the Gospel of John, he said: Sherlock wings. Sherlock, such as large and majestic black wings. John just like that sometimes love and wings sitting chairman of Sherlock, but Sherlock did not like. Not the way she looked.
Mycroft smiles. “No”, she says, “he’s a boy I have sex with sometimes, but he has sex with a lot of girls. He has commitment issues”.
“You can give that to me”, Sherlock says to John who’s holding a big backpack with her stuff for the sleepover.
I put my hands on his cheeks and let them wander. They explore his face, his neck and hair. I hear him moan softly.
To see the cream, Rhett and Rhett was approached his bed me and Andy at the helm. It shows you where to put your things in the bathroom.
“Joan Hannah Watson, come here! You went to the river again, didn’t you? You’re all dirty and why are there flowers in your hair? Let’s go home, dinner is ready and you need a bath. Say bye to your friend, John” John’s mom doesn’t look happy. She used to be nice, until Harry kissed a boy.
They came closer to the house and soon they found themselves in the confusing graveyard of the Holmes-manor.
Sherlock must admit: Jane looks hot when she smokes. Her soft pink lips kiss the suicide and gracefully blow out the smoke for the rest of the world to enjoy. The smoke rises to the cloudy sky and fades away, Jane’s black eyes shine with need for more.
The girls so outside to see if the spot is actually empty. It is. John sits down in the grass and Sherlock leans against the wall.
“It’s about a girl”, Sherlock says. Her mind is racing, trying to think of a book. Any book. “She falls in love with her best friend, but they can’t be together.”
“Okay. Thank you again”, Sherlock says. She walks out of the office. Sherlock relieved she’s not in trouble.
"Hi, White, I'm in the kitchen, shoe a chew," Sherlock writes his mother. Sherlock turns her name, Willow. She hates him.
We close our eyes again. They tend. It will fill the gap. Everything will be fine. John is here. I like it, I like it.
Why are Americans so weird with their ‘cell’? “I don’t remember.” The whole day had been such a mess, she honestly doesn’t remember when she had last seen her mobile.
Sherlock is focused on her work. She solves problem after problem. Math may not be her best subject, but definitely not her worst either.
“Yes, I’ll go first and show you how to do it and you follow”, Mycroft says to her little sister. She takes a pack of cigarettes, a lighter, a blanket and another rope. Sherlock watches in surprise how her sister ties the rope to the same place as the first rope, a hook hanging from the ceiling that was once used for a hanging plant. Mycroft throws the blanket on the flat roof of the shed, which is right underneath her window. She puts the cigarettes and the lighter in her pocket and jumps. Sherlock gasps and runs to the window to see if Mycroft is okay. The older girl is on the roof of the shed laying on the blanket with two thumbs up.
