. “Tony, you are so so beautiful.”
– so he pushed away the nostalgia in favor of turning off the lights in the apartment, locking the door and heading down the hallway towards the back bedroom, beer in one hand and loosening the top buttons of his shirt with the other.
, heavy in Howard’s scent and unexpected enough to make Tony blink a few times. “Of course, I hadn’t thought about that at the time or-- or now.”
He cleared his throat, drew a slightly genitalia themed design on Steve’s skin with his finger. “...Okay. How about this, what do you think about when you jerk off alone? Or when you watch dirty movies? What gets your motor running or makes you get all wide eyed? Tell me that.”
I’ll handle your Dad, Christmas, the wedding, you being a Bridezilla, morning sickness… all of that. Any of that. It’s all my pleasure, Omega. Anything you want.”
get in the habit of lingering and lounging in Steve’s bed and letting himself be spoiled.
“Love you too.” the sweet Alpha blew Tony a flurry of kisses as the car pulled away, and Tony leaned his head back on the seat and tried not to cry.
much older than twenty one?”
“How do you feel about children, Tony?” Tasha wanted to know. “Because I know for a
off Tony’s sweet tongue pushed him over the edge. Steve buried his face in Tony’s throat, growling out his completion and grinding his cock deeper and deeper till the weight of his knot shoved at the Omega’s stretched rim and Tony whined half coaxingly like he was so carried away by the moment he might say
was that still unsatisfied breeding kink his Captain wasn’t quite ready to admit to. “I-- I don’t have any names picked out.”
Bucky sidestepped a puddle of unidentifiable
“Is this your way of telling me you’re going to be late to sex night because you’re stalking Steve’s Omega?” Nat’s tone cooled towards sub zero
“Babydoll.” Turning Tony carefully from the wall, Steve nuzzled at the still distended stomach, moaning over the slight swell and humming into the dip at Tony’s navel. “Thank you for this, for all of this.”
linguini, but the Omega had laughed and teased through the entire ordeal and Steve had
so he cleared his throat and asked carefully
. “Where are we on
No matter what, Tony was lying about a kid. Was it his kid or the older Alpha’s kid? Sure Bucky had thought the little guy looked like Tony but toddlers with curly hair and cute noses and big smiles weren’t exactly rare. Who was the old lady? Family that Steve didn’t know about? A Mom or Auntie or little brother? Why the hell were they all walking out together? How in the fuck did Steve treating Tony to some fancy hotel turn into permission for the Omega to invite additional people to the thing and more than likely drive the bill up even higher?
Holy shit that was
“Almost there.” Tony glanced over at the bed and his little family. “Sorry I called so late.”
wash my dishes, Alpha.”
“I’m good.” Tony might have laughed if he couldn't feel every line of Steve’s body whipcord
, Steve. Going from a bachelor to a husband and a father over night is a big deal, most Alpha’s wouldn’t--”
“You don’t got an Alpha?”
knew Steve was head over heels for this little Omega and it was looking an awful lot like Tony was only coming around for the money.
The tic of Tony’s heartbeat at his throat visibly sped up as the Omega swallowed. “Thank you, Mr. Rogers. You are very handsome as well.”
, clutching his baby close and trying to quiet his own panic so Pete wouldn’t pick up on his anxiety and fear. “It’s okay, sweetie.” the Omega murmured, dotting kisses at Pete’s forehead and holding onto the little fingers tight. “It’s okay, we’re going to go home soon.”
“Nothing about having your dick in my mouth--” Steve squawked in alarm, and Tony muffled a laugh into the soldier’s chest. “-- ruins any moment. Get used to it Spangles. I like sex with you and boy howdy am I gonna talk about it.”
“I’m sure you’re great, I’d still love to hear you play if you ever felt up to it. By the way, the Oreo milkshake is the best, but get whichever one you want.” Steve pointed to a picture of a milkshake piled high with cookie pieces. “We can get it to go too, you don’t have to drink it all here.”
“It was well used, even though I hate you for it.” Tony pushed away so he could collect his next order as the plates came up. “And I’m not
“You said you hadn’t celebrated Christmas since you lost your Mama and I think it’s high time we break that tradition.” the Alpha said firmly. He had every intention of correcting and replacing
Granted, Steve hadn’t been able to put full words together after they’d stopped kissing so maybe he’d missed some sort of indication that Tony
, being in the steakhouse was equal parts nerve wracking and a melancholy sort of miserable that had the Omega unable to focus on the conversation, no matter how handsome Steve was or how delicious the lobster mac and cheese was or how perfectly balanced the red wine--
“Honestly?” Tony tried not to let three years of living scared and worried and
?! No, I can’t-- we can’t--”
“Mr. Carbonell you would be the most beautiful Omega on the planet even if you wore a potato sack.” Steve decided, and while Tony kept giggling, he drew his fingers over the line of Tony’s jaw to the corner of the Omega’s gorgeous mouth and crooned, “Let me in right here, baby. Open up right here.”
“Yeah.” Bucky interrupted. “Yeah, it’s unacceptable and yeah I was a fuckin’ asshole about it but you can beat my ass later. Right now you need’ta stay calm and be nice.”
“Tony?”
“Big words.” Tony laughed quietly. “I think you just want me to dress up in a school girl skirt and knee high socks and call you
Tony snorted a laugh when he saw the sheer disaster, the absolute glee on Peter’s face and the mischief crackling in the toddlers eyes. “Oh my god.” he managed. “Oh my
“Thank you.” Tony’s pretty mouth dropped into a surprised ‘
“Tony.” Steve angled his body so Tony was mostly hidden from view. “Hey hey hey, what the hell is going on?”
you?”
Natasha slipped away from the noise unnoticed and made a beeline towards the living room for a clean getaway.
“Steve, oh my god, I’m fine!”
, furnished with an extra couch and chairs, end tables and lamps, a rug on the floor to make it all cozy. The lights were on in the kitchen and the whole place smelled like pot roast and mashed potatoes, there were candles on the dining room table and a bottle of wine open in front of empty place settings, the radio was playing Bing Crosby and there at the door to the kitchen holding a glass of whiskey was
matched with a few others and had to uh-- move us all around?”
“What part of town are you from?”
Tony ran a hand through his hair, ruffling the curls up into disarray and unknowingly making Steve’s steps stutter as he realized messy hair and night soft eyes was how Tony would look at the end of one of those
The Omega couldn’t look Bucky in the eye as he scurried past, and Bucky closed his eyes and mouthed a curse, knowing full well Steve would rip his knot off and probably tear his throat right out for even daring to
“Damn.” Clint didn’t really know what to say to that, so he changed the subject. “Uh Nat, what’s data collecting?”
“Huh.” The Alpha paused, gauging Tony’s reaction to see if this was one of the rare moments Tony wanted to talk about his family. “Sweetheart--”
. The Alpha shook his head and put the phone down, resolutely going back to painting. He might not always be awkward when it came to dating but he sure as
always.
“Scary beyond all reason.” Peter had his little arms locked around Tony’s neck and the Omega couldn’t hardly breathe but it was worth it to be surrounded by his baby’s soft scent again. “But I think I could get used to them. Hey, there’s money in my coat pocket, I want you to have some since you kept Pete overnight.”
“This old thing?” Tony winked, and started serving up heaping portions of meat and potatoes. “Figured it might be nice if I dressed up for my fella every once in a while. Two things a man needs coming home from a war-- a good meal and a good amount of loving, isn’t that right? Let’s start with a home cooked meal and see where the evening…”
“It’s fine.” he repeated softly and Steve muttered another curse before kissing his temple and easing away.
“Don’t hide in here though.” Valkyrie snagged the tray of devilled eggs and flipped Hope off triumphantly. “Everyone else wants to meet you too, including the super spies. Steve, quit hogging him, come out and play nice.”
“Being mated to Tasha has done really shitty things to the level of sarcasm you put out.”
. “I’ll be right there.”
life slip. “I don’t really--”
“Look at me.” Bucky grabbed Steve again and shook him lightly. “Look at me Stevie. Calm down. Tony is fine, he ain’t hurt and he’s restin’ in one’a the spare bedrooms alright? You hear me?”
He smiled again when the Omega’s scent perfumed
never failed to make the Alpha melt, and thoughts of roleplay and skirts vanished when Steve held out his arms for Peter and cuddled him close. “But uh-- you know, it’s getting cold out. How about we get come hot chocolate, get a ride home and get in our jammies, huh?”
think about just how much he loved when his mate got vicious and drew blood. “Cos the only way this and the other thing I saw makes any sense is if Tony is lyin’ to Stevie and I gotta know if he’s lyin’ in a sketchy way or lyin’ in a self-preservation sorta way.”
“I thought the forward thing was the whole
“Steve.” Partly because he didn’t want to be on display with tummy and faint stretch marks bared to the room, partly because Tony desperately wanted to feel the Alpha covering every inch of him in a needy, touch starved sort of way, he made grabby hands at the big blond and tried to order Steve back in. “Come here, come here.”
“What about a sugar baby?” Bucky blurted, and if his mouth wouldn't have been so full he would have full on cackled at the outrageous expression Steve sent him. “Aw c’mon don’t look at me like that. Sugar babies aren’t just for sixty somethin’ people with too much money and not enough personality and a medicine cabinet full of
“Bucky!” The big blond barreled through the door and into the foyer, skidding on the rug as he went. “Bucky? You here?”
himself right into the air. “He’s very handsome?”
“Peter
and let his strength surge till the flimsy lock snapped off and the door swung open unimpeded.
and it meant
“Thank you.” Tony smiled a little. “I don’t even know if Peggy will want to move, she’s been in that apartment for years. But I’d like to see her somewhere better. Clint too. He says you should use your contacts with fancy people to get us jobs at good restaurants. He needs to save up so he can move out of Barney’s and he needs a good enough job to pay rent alone or with a half decent roommate.”
inside Steve fragment a little further. “Hey bud, I need to talk to you a minute.”
, babydoll. But hey you know, you’re part of this too. That Omega is both our types and you aren’t trying to salvage nothing! You haven’t even stopped staring at him, the least you could do is help me convince him I’m not an asshole.”
“How many nights have you fed me and Pete?” Tony couldn’t hardly keep his eyes open anymore, but he clicked the grocery store app on his phone and started an order before he got too tired to remember. “How many days did you cook dinner and give me half when you knew I hadn’t gotten a meal at work? Me and Pete wouldn’t have survived without you, I owe you a lot more than groceries.”
“I’m sure it’s fine.” Tony didn’t mention how Hope had called him
“Steve.” The Omega turned the envelope over in his hands a few times. “Steve um what--” another hard swallow because Tony thought he could be suffocating with the weight over
The second gift was a watch-- a more Omega appropriate version of the infamous watch from last time around, a butter soft leather band and more toned down face and something Tony could wear every single day or just on special occasions.
Silence for a minute, and then Bucky asked, “Well do you need some pointers on how’ta take care of him, cos I can send you some Wikipedia articles or a Sex for Dummies book or a--”
This time Tony’s smile was a little less begrudging since a good Mr. Rogers Neighborhood reference always made him giggle. “Uh well, yesterday when he kissed me goodnight I’m pretty sure he growled at me which was really fucking hot.”
“Let me stay and help you, darling.” she whispered. “Tony--”
“Tony.” the Alpha sounded
Steve would snap a bastard’s neck if he knew Tony was getting treated like this on a daily basis, and the longer Bucky sat and watched Tony racing around without more than a few minute break and a couple sips of water, the more
Tony could hardly stand so Steve just held him, let his cock soften inside the Omega’s perfect body as he kept Tony up against the tiles and felt behind him to turn off the water. He eased out of his Omega slowly, wincing at the loss of heat and then
The Omega’s toes had a hint of sparkle when the pedicure was over, his legs noodly after another half hour of massage, his feet tingling from the mint invigorating scrub and heels soothed and smoothed with a lavender callous treatment and cream.
“Uh.” The weight of the money in his pocket was surreal. Even if the bills were
“You um--” Tony was trembling, nearly shaking, but he leaned further into Steve’s hold and managed, “Alpha, you’ve told me plenty of times how much you love me, even-- even if you’ve never outright said the words. I already knew. I-- I did.”
“Alright darling.” Peggy patted at Tony’s hand and pretended she didn’t see the uncertainty in Tony’s eyes. “I’ll see you a little bit later tonight.”
lonely, in fact.”
, Tony smirked to himself because
“Right here, stay right here.” even the few seconds it took to turn and get towels was agony and the Steve plastered himself to Tony against immediately, toweling through the Omega’s curls and down the slight curves of his body as Tony leaned trusting and pliant against him.
“We confirmed the serial number of this watch to match the one you purchased several weeks ago, and since we have reason to believe this person
then-- and for the record, I feel like it should bug me that you guys do that but I’ve met the rest of the friend group and you two aren’t even the scariest, so it’s fine. But if we’re being honest about everything..”
“But Bucky and Natasha--”
in frustration.
“Yeah, honey.” The endearment slipped out unnoticed, Steve’s gaze trained at Tony’s mouth and the porcelain fangs that made an appearance as the Omega smiled again.
Then he walked Tony to the door, set the light jacket over Tony's shoulders and then set his own recently returned jacket over Tony's shoulders as well and drew it around the Omega's slim frame. “Keep this.” he said softly. “Stay warm. I'd be all sorts of sad if you got sick and we had to miss out on a date.”
“I wanted to ask if I can scent you proper.” Steve admitted in a hushed whisper. “But the Uber guy is here and that feels too intimate to do in front of a stranger, or even out here when anyone can see.”
. We don’t call the guy Bronco because he’s subtle and I call him my best friend because he’d burn the world down if that’s what it took to make me happy and I know-- Tony, I
. “That’s
But Tony shook his head so Steve grinned, bared his teeth and dug his teeth into Tony’s shoulder to rumble, “Take all of me, baby doll. Every last drop. You feel me inside of you, filling you up? You feel me?”
“I assumed you knew if I was after a
“Right… now.” Natasha repeated in an uncertain, almost awed whisper. “
Leaving Steve at the end of a date got more difficult every single time, whether they were saying goodbye at a restaurant or after a walk through a park or along the river, or whether Tony was still shivery and shaky and
“That and forty dollar tips from Alphas you’ll never see again?” Clint suggested and Tony smiled a little, “Yeah, that too. Thank you, Clint.”
to.” Tony laughed in delight at the thickness of the comforter and the half dozen oversized pillows stacked at the headboard. “If you’re going to buy me a present as my sugar daddy, would you buy me these pillows?”
Steve’s phone buzzed as he came back from brushing his teeth and the Alpha flopped down onto the pillows to check it.
is exactly the sort of guy to have a sugar baby?” he wanted to know, and when Tony audibly gagged, Clint nodded. “Yeah okay, but not all sugar daddies are going to be like your sixty year old, super controlling, thinks money gives him the right to be an asshole dad alright? Set your age parameters for someone close to forty.”
“Hey, stop worrying, I’m on my way.” Tony came running back out the door of the apartment building and the Alpha straightened up again as the Omega took off down the street towards the shabby corner store, talking into his phone as he went. “No, it’s not a big deal, I’ll be right there. Yeah yeah, he’s fine, it’s fine, don’t cry okay? I’ll be right there. I’ve got some cash you can have, don’t worry about it.”
too sexy. “Also maybe sock garters?”
of the other person would be all that mattered, but since Steve had been honest to God horrified by some of the questions he’d been asked and some of the answers he’d seen on other profiles, and since Tony had just left most of those questions
.” This present was incredible and the Omega was going to keep every single thing in the boxes, but Tony didn’t know if he could handle another round of spoiling without the guilt about
thrown out there in the open. He knew Bucky loved him and didn’t mean to be a dick-- or actually, the massive Alpha probably
in the Omega’s eyes.
.” and the next kiss was bloody and satisfied and
“You kicked me off the phone plan when I left.” Tony interrupted, not angry just factual. “Just like you locked me out of my bank accounts and changed the codes at all the houses. How was I supposed to afford the phone bill so you could call and check on me?”
“Sweetheart, I’m
.” It was nearly a whisper, but no less firm had the Omega shouted. “No, we’re not going anywhere with you.”
“Damn it.” Steve cursed, then cursed again. “Damn it, Tony that’s so sexy but no no no, I need you like this. Gotta do this the right way, gotta get you bred up full so I need you
never-- hate the reason why everything had changed.
Bedtime in the tiny apartment was quick and easy once Peter was bathed. Tony read out loud through one of the three ratty children’s books he’d gotten from the free box at the library at Christmas time, he wrapped Peter up in the warmest blanket on the bed, then they sang a slow version of their very favorite
and the indecision and uncertainty sat heavy on his chest as he made to leave calmly and quietly from the delicate situation, but just as he reached the doorway--
he wasn’t going to mention it only being a year before getting pregnant and having to drop out.
, and Tony felt it clear through his center. “Can I kiss you again?”
“I’d probably pay money to see that.” the Alpha grinned, flashing his fangs. “But every time I think about what Bucky did and try to get mad about it anymore… all I end up thinking about is how everything shitty about that day led to you telling me you loved me.”
the other Alpha into the nearest wall. The light above them rattled and plaster dust rained down on their shoulders as the wall shuddered beneath the blow, and Bucky gulped back his instinctive reaction to
, that’s good. Thank you.”
“I didn’t know they were going to explode like that.” she said crossly. “You have to try and get a fresh diaper on him if I’m cleaning the bathroom.”
“Oh yeah, I’m drunk as hell.” Steve confirmed. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t mean it. They say you only get uninhibited when you drink, not that it changes you so you know-- you
Another shudder, and this time Steve’s kiss was desperate and worshipful, his hold at Tony tender and possessive. “Thank you.”
holes in your drawers are acceptable--” the Alpha started slyly, and Tony blurted, “Peggy, I am literally begging you to not finish sentence.”
“Mate, would you let me settle you?”
There was a little old lady laughing at something the Omega said, holding a bouquet of flowers and carrying a gift bag no doubt full of the expensive toiletries the hotel left in all the rooms and alright sure, maybe Tony was helping the old Alpha with her bags or walking her to her car or whatever else nice polite Omega’s did when old ladies asked for assistance.
“You just handed me an envelope with what I can only imagine is probably three or four times my usual allowance.” Tony said softly. “You bought me probably a thousand dollars worth of clothes here. The spa certificate is more money than I’ve spent on myself in years, you cook me dinner and take me places, you’re offering to take me on vacation if I have a bad day, giving me your debit card so I can buy groceries anytime I need it.”
“No, Tony has a firm rule about over nighters.” Steve put out a set of candles, then changed his mind and put them away… then changed his mind and set them out on the dining room table again. “He likes to be gone before ten o clock cos it’s at least a half hour ride back to his place.”
feel like a transaction with Steve, I’d still do it. Four years ago me might have turned his nose up at that-
“Get it together!” Peter chirped from down at their feet and Tony picked the toddler up, quieting another round of giggles into the baby’s warm winter jacket. “Papa, you otay?”
“Oh Mr. Rogers.” Tony stood on his toes and kissed his mate square on the lips. “Take me home.”
“Yeah well, you’ve got me all hot and bothered cooking me dinner and wearing a dress like that.” Steve felt around for the corner of the blanket and wiped at Tony’s hand. “Don’t make a mess of it, babydoll. You’ll get all sticky.”
Steve wants a family, a mate and kids included. But you’re only twenty messing around with an Alpha in his mid thirties. Are you interested in anything like that or just wasting Steve’s time?”
“I liked the watch.” Tony murmured quickly, quietly. “It just isn’t something I can wear
That was fair of course, working and getting paid was always a better option than flirting with a guy acting maybe a
“During the Renaissance, they created a shade of blue known as uh-- Zaffre.” It was
“They’re workin’ together.” Natasha made another surprised noise and Bucky nodded grimly, “Yeah I gotta figure a few things out. See you tonight?”
“Good.” the Alpha decided, fingers tightening briefly at Tony’s thigh. “Can I take you shopping tomorrow? I wasn’t thinking a whole lot when I ripped your panties earlier, but I just realized that means you don’t have underwear for tomorrow, and if this is going to become a regular thing for us then you need some clothes to keep here.”
“Whatever I--” Tony’s head fell back, hips stuttering forward when the Alpha felt down over his ass. “Whatever I want? Is the gift certificate enough for that?”
“I’m worried if I don’t get some sleep I might die.” Tony answered truthfully. “Pete’s finally feeling a little better but
The fever was scary enough, but what Tony had thought was simple seasonal congestion from the changing weather was actually a nasty bout with the flu complete with a ragged cough and sore throat, Peter’s tiny body shaking through each hacking gasp and wheezing through each breath.
. Tony hid his face in his hands for a moment while he tried to piece together what he could barely believe. “Steve, are you sure? Because this-- we are-- I mean, we are fine where we are. This is a lot, you are offering a
“It’s eight forty five, are you leaving already?”
“Christ.” Steve blinked and blinked trying to get his eyes to clear as he leaned back after a long moment, rubbing a thumb over Tony's cheek and itching to reach to
“This is Steve--
to be sat there in the unforgivingly bland room at Urgent Care holding Peter as the toddler sniffled and cried, it was
“No, you’re not listening to me.” Clint sprayed disinfectant on the table and set to work scrubbing the grease and
“Uh, thanks. Right, that’s what I’m supposed to do, pick what my date is going to eat and drink. That’s normal.” Steve tried to smile, keeping his fangs carefully covered and his voice purposefully even. It wouldn’t do to let everyone in the vicinity know how nervous he was, the way his tie was strangling him and how the suit jacket felt itchy and foreign pulling at his shoulders and the dress pants weren’t near as comfortable as his favorite pair of jeans. The dress shoes pinched at his feet and he’d shaved his-- as Tasha so
, Stevie. You really never sit in this room? This chair is fuckin’ perfect for watchin’ the game in. Got this nice little table here that will hold all my snackies and drinks, a basket of like, ultra thick blankets right here on the other side. Seriously, I just live here now. You can kick me out after football season.”
He stood and brought Tony back into the spray of water, smoothing back the wild curls and cupping Tony’s face in both his hands, bending to kiss him and crooning adoringly, “Sweetheart, you’re so good to me. The apartment and the music and the way you dress up for me– letting me fill you up like that, I– I– I never imagined–”
do. And this is the only wine I know you like so I had to get it. Leave me a list of what else you want and I’ll be sure to have the kitchen stocked for next time around.”
“I love you too.”
The Omega cried out hoarse just before he was lost, rippling tight around the cock buried in his core, grinding down against the start of Steve’s knot as the Alpha swore through kiss after claiming kiss, fumbling and grasping until he could grab at Steve and yank him in for another bite, bruising his fangs through sweat tangy skin until he could taste
“Stressed is a permanent state of mind for me.” Tony muttered, and the other Omega grunted in agreement. “We’re out of diapers and he walked through another pair of pants. I need to go to the dollar store and see if I can find something for him.”
afford it, they’re right. But that nurse-- that nurse assuming
for a few minutes before he asked, “You went back up to the apartment to get all that extra stuff for me and Pete?”
“I think I actually believe that.” Tony rolled over and closed his eyes. “This might be the first time I actually believe that.”
“Your clothes came in.” he said instead. “Everything we ordered last week? I ordered you a few extra things after you left, so I thought you could divide it up and leave some here?”
“I know I know.” the big Omega relented. “You’re a Dad first, I get it. So how was staying the night with Daddy Warbucks?”
moment together in weeks.
“Okay.” It was Tony’s turn to blush, soft pink clear to the top of his ears and making his eyes sparkle. “Okay, I love every single word you just said, and for the record? You’re my entire world too and yeah, I’m never going to want anyone else ever, but I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, you’re so good at all this even missionary position feels porn-star worthy, but do you ever want to try something new?”
“I’m excited to have you home more.” Steve murmured. “You’ve been working five days a week all day and sometimes when my commissions get busy, we hardly see each other at all. I love the time with Pete but I’m real excited to have some time with my
this close, bags under his eyes and usually sparkling blue gaze dim and haggard. “How are you?”
“...me too.” Tony let both relief and
He hadn’t liked the picture all that much anyway and this was
want to run screaming for the hills. He was uncomfortable with how the entire evening had gone, angry with himself for stuttering and stammering through mostly innocuous questions and the resulting reminder that he was hiding so much from Steve.
“Wait.” the noise on the other end of the line abruptly cut out as Natasha stepped outside of the Jiu Jitsu studio. “You just found Tony in that place? Working? How is that possible?”
tried to pretend were actual pants.
Steve just
“But it’s done really great things to everything else about my life so you’ll have to deal.” Bucky flopped down into the nearest chair and spread his hands out, gesturing for Steve to keep talking. “Tell me what’s up.”
"Well both of you come on, I still cannot believe you got into a fight in a casino." Pepper told them.
"Alfred is Bruce going to spend all his time in his office?" Tony asked pulling his suitcase out.
“It looks like everything is clean.” Natasha told him.
"I know." Steve tells him. "When do you plan on asking?"
Clark was in shock after Bruce showed him everything that had happened with him gone.
“Don’t look so down babe.” Steve heard Tony on his ear.
Clint was hovering towards settled so he couldn’t manage a real laugh, but his eyes lit up with amusement and Tony dropped a kiss on his cheek. “I got a ride over to the new laundromat on sixth, it’s nice. Has attendants and everything. The next time you need laundry done let me know and we’ll go together. They lock the machines so we have to use a code to get into it, which meant I could put everything in and take Peter to the park while it was cycling. He got to play with a couple other kids, one of the other parents was telling me about a kids concert we definitely aren’t going to...It was nice.”
“Half the--” Tony’s eyes were very wide. “From now-- Steve, what?
--” Steve winced when the old lady at the booth behind them made an outraged little noise. “--way to make sure you were taken care of. I don’t want to slip up and forget some time if a date runs long and I sure as hell don’t want to put you on the spot with having to ask me for it. I know you said you’d throw wine at me the next time I ordered for you, but asking for money you’re
. “But if you must know--”
about that booty of yours and hey, you might as well get some bills paid out of it.”
“I don’t--” an echo of giggles in the townhome had Bucky looking up wearily, trying to catch a glimpse of the toddler through exhausted, red rimmed eyes. “God, Tasha. I just don’t know. That Omega is a goddamn superman.”
“Ew, Clint.” Tony scrubbed dried milkshake off the nearby wall, a lovely left over from lunchtime when a toddler had thrown a full cup and her exhausted Mother had just mouthed ‘sorry’ and kept right on eating. “Just… ew.”
“Be mine, Omega.” There was soap on Steve’s chin but it didn’t take away from the seriousness in the Alpha’s blue eyes. “Be
called it-- ‘nomad artist beard’ and now his face felt naked.
Tony was visibly shaken, but neither Natasha nor Bucky were watching the Omega. Instead they were watching
And then with his hand spread wide over Tony’s stomach, cradling him gentle and possessive, growling into Tony’s ear– “Everything right here is
children was. “He has no idea, then?”
“Men who don’t appreciate bodies that have given birth are men who don’t deserve to father children.” Peggy said calmly. “They cannot want the miracle of birth and the prowess of virility and then be upset when the resulting miracle leaves the birthing parent
Steve’s blue eyes darkened frightening
“Hello?”
The abrupt change in questions caught Tony off guard and he blinked a few times, “Sorry, what?”
Tony wasn’t ready for the first stroke, for the first shove of the fat cockhead past his rim. Usually Steve opened him up three maybe even four fingers but tonight Steve just took him, pressure pressure
“I’m not a vegetarian so you’ll have to treat me to good food for dinners.” he finally managed. “Not rabbit food, real food.”
the Alpha that had bought it.
. “Yeah, getting it to go is probably the better idea.”
from the always carefully controlled Captain was insanely hot, and heat sparked low in Tony’s core, popped electric everywhere Steve’s fingers touched. “
at his stomach.
.” This time Tony did look in the mirror, and he actually laughed at himself seeing just how well
Tony just kissed him instead of answering, grateful when it worked and Steve’s smile widened towards a little bit goofy.
men, unwavering and unyielding and damn anyone who stood in their way.
“That’s the one.” The Omega confirmed, “But he asked to talk to me privately so I’m going to go see him first. You can knee cap him after.”
“A match for
“Corn fed, rich, athletic and sensitive in all the artsy fartsy sort of ways. Love all those things for you.” Clint unhooked one of his hearing aids and stuck it into his pocket, turning his head so he could still hear Tony. “Scent markers?”
job, don’t you think?”
“Alright.” Tony desperately wanted to make a joke just then, but he decided
“I was just curious, Spangles.” Tony soothed him with a sweet kiss. “I was just curious. Don’t worry about it. But I hope you know if anything like that
“Honest to god, you are just a terrible human being.”
“Me too.” Tony’s heart was beating fast, anticipation and nerves making his sweet scent spike as Steve bent to mouth at his pulse, the Alpha’s tongue counting each rapid beat. “M--me too.”
“I will
“Maybe it would feel more like you’re home if you were gettin’ shagged to death by Ye Olde Moneybags.” Clint snapped his fingers at the cook and pointed at his plate where he was missing friends for his order. “I mean, you’re sleeping down the hall from the guy. How hard would it be to just walk down there for a little midnight sneaky sneaky between the chee--”
… it wasn’t Steve’s fault he was unknowingly always in second place behind Peter in the race for Tony’s attention.
“Put your eyeballs back in your head.” Tony patted Clint on the head as he passed. “She belongs to the big scary Alpha still out in the foyer and you know it.”
Three dollars was a depressingly small amount of money. A
He exhaled sharply. “I don’t know how to say this without sounding controlling or like a creeper or possessive or whatever. I just want to know that you’re
“I mean, they aren’t
for dinner so the Alpha would say something nice and maybe call Tony
Tony took the card without commenting, too worn out to try and protest that he
Softer, “I could paint for years and never quite capture exactly how it looks but I’m sure gonna try cos it’s gorgeous.
“Mr. Rogers.” She stammered. “We-- I-- I assumed because he was dressed--”
. The manager gasped, the other workers ducked their heads and looked away and even the Alpha security guards cleared their throats and stared down at the floor.
big brother to Pete.” Tony said faux solemnly, and Clint’s smile stretched a little further.
The big Omega waggled his eyebrows meaningfully, while Tony just groaned at the terrible joke. “-- I would absolutely be on board with that. Totally there for that. Suds it up, my guy. Please oh
“That’s my dad.” All the color washed right out of Tony’s face and left the Omega pale, shaking. “That’s-- that’s my
“Well I’m sorry for the time you weren’t okay.” the Alpha murmured. “Sorry for scarin’ your baby and making you mad. Even if it all turned out okay, I’m still sorry.”
He made a face. “
Neither Alpha nor Omega could have said what the movie was. No one cared about the movie when it was honestly difficult not to splatter red sauce on the pristine couch and when the first splatter was from
sort of thing, situations or events like a sickly child or an accident at home that never raised red flags in a traditional family could spell certain disaster for single Omega parents.
Tony was quiet a minute. “I haven’t thought about school in a long time, Steve. I was barely through sophomore year when I got pregnant and since then I’ve had more important things than a
Steve walked Tony to the door wearing only his pajama pants, bare chested and
“You did just perfect, Pete.” Tony jostled the toddler, sighing over the waste but knowing Peter would be thrilled with their dinner. “Good job, bud. Go bring me your plate out of the bottom cupboard and sit up at the table.”
meant for nights like this but Tony still felt… well it still felt awkward to get money for essentially dating and now getting money for sex…
“In the morning?” Tony’s dark eyes darted towards the baby, fingers clenching nervously at his pants. “Steve, we weren’t really planning on being here in the morning.”
position for anyone online to read…
“What does where he live have to do with anything?”
Tony’s shoulders were shaking, chest heaving as he clutched at his mate’s jacket and tried to disappear into the warmth, tried to bury himself somewhere safe where the memories and almost forgotten pain couldn’t reach him.
“Oh god no, I value my life way too much for that.” Steve decided faux horrified, and Tony laughed harder against him. “Don’t worry about them, alright? Tash and Bucky can be really intense but they’re some of the best people in the world. Everyone that showed up today is. At one point or another they’ve all saved my life in some way, and I’d trust them with
had happened that had taken the Omega from early acceptance to MIT to needing a sugar daddy to help pay his bills.
“I didn’t have one of those.” Tony leaned further into Steve’s body so he could feel both the heat of his Alpha and of his baby at his back. “
“And if he asks you to stay the night?”
have a place to stay, that he
at me with your heart shining right outta your eyes. It always sort starts here at your throat.” he motioned to his own bonding spot. “And rushes up your face and settles high right here at your eyes and makes them look gold and it’s just about the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”
“Do you want milk or juice, Pete?” It was objectively weird to be carrying on a conversation with his two year old while
“Fine, fine.” Steve sighed theatrically, but a few seconds later Peter was off distracted by the wishing fountain in the center of the park, and the Alpha shook off the momentary disappointment too as they resumed their walk following Peter through the grass.
in triumph when the little Omega turned his nose into the collar of the jacket and inhaled again.
“I’m really just a private investigator -slash- bounty hunter-slash- on call assassin.” Bucky chimed in. “Which I guess maybe sounds worse then what Tash does, but here we go anyway.”
with nerves, his hand clammy where Steve held it tight.
“Okay?” the thrum of
the dog was cute. “You’re going to spoil Peter senseless.”
“No.”
judgmental of Alphas since Alphas spend the better part of their day harassing us while we’re working.” Clint threw an arm around Tony’s shoulder and kissed his cheek. “It’s equality, babe. It’s what we deserve.”
“ Yeah, I know why you don’t finish in me all the way.” Tony burrowed closer to Steve’s side, still snarky as shit but exhausted from being thoroughly taken care of by his always attentive but also always restrained lover. “Super soldier serum, super soldier cumshots. I know. You’re legitimately worried about drowning me during a blow job but I think you’re underestimating just how much I’d love to gag on you.”
“Steve.” Tony set his wine glass down and kissed the Alpha again before Steve could start talking about future dates and overnights and spending an amount of time together that Tony wasn’t sure would ever actually happen. “I just worked a ten hour shift and then ran the gauntlet with your friends. Why don’t you just hold me and let me sleep for a while and we can talk in the morning?”
“You okay, Tony?”
“C’mere, sweetheart.” Steve pushed his chair back from the table a little bit and spread his knees, pulled gently at Tony until the brunette had no choice but to perch on his lap and lean against him for balance. “C’mere, c’mere, you look so beautiful tonight, I can’t even believe it. What’s going on?”
Steve didn’t know about him. “What do you get out of this, exactly?”
live here?” The Alpha wiped his hands on his pants and blew out a short breath. “Alright, lets just see about that.”
********
, but when Tony only hesitated a second before nodding, the Alpha could have howled all over again. “Thank you. I’ve missed being with you. I know you live here now but--”
for his place.
“Six is early for dinner for rich people.” Clint scrunched an eyebrow, a hilarious expression when half his face was squished. “Why so early?”
“You still technically kidnapped me.” The Omega pointed out flatly. “Still definitely broke into my apartment and
! That’s rude!”
“Okay but I
nervous, darling.” Peggy set Peter onto the bed and clicked her tongue at the stressed out Omega, undoing the awkward knot and quickly, expertly twisting the ends of the too big button up around and under so it hugged tight at Tony’s trim waist and then tucked away almost invisible. “Now there, isn’t that better?”
“Likewise, Mr. Rogers.” Up close there were honey highlights in Tony’s dark eyes, enticingly curved lips a beguiling shade of pink with a hint of a dimple at the corner of his mouth. The flush of anticipation in Tony’s cheeks made the Alpha’s gaze tint
“Ask Carol if you can borrow at least a shirt, she’s about your size.” Clint lifted his head enough to whistle at one of the still-on-duty waitresses and waved her over. “Her clothes will be tight across the chest, but you got that vintage lace scarf you found at the thrift store, right? Leave the blouse open, tuck the scarf in, nothing says ‘you’ll have to work for a kiss’ like covering up with lace.”
“This is way beyond a booty call.” Nat stated, scent bumping
it so when Tony asked for a bath, the Alpha didn’t hesitate to agree.
with a bath. The Omega hadn’t exactly been staying away from Steve but he also hadn’t escalated the kisses they shared every day and while Steve was half desperate to get Tony back in his arms, he was more than willing to let the pretty brunette set the pace, even if having Tony just in his
It was two weeks before the next date and Tony had to make the money stretch just in case Pete’s stomach was still upset and he had to miss work, or if he couldn't pick up as many shifts before rent was due again. It baffled him how even
“No, I--” It would never not be Tony’s favorite thing to see Captain America blush. “I mean my fantasy is to-- to get someone pregnant.”
if he had to just sit back and watch the inevitable heartbreak happen.
part of his life, and when he’d looked the watch up and saw that it cost the equivalent of a month’s rent, he’d nearly choked. It wasn’t a lot of money for Steve, but it would buy Pete an entire wardrobe for next year if Tony could hit the right clearance sales and damn it, Tony was a
, moving slow and purposefully up his leg, crinkling the dress material on his way to Tony’s thigh. “Um, sort of ridiculously nice. Where you headed there, Captain? Going on little journey?”
“Mr. Rogers!” Tony shrieked with giggles when Steve swooped him up into a tight hug and peppered kisses at his face. “You got me a bonding present? That’s so delightfully old fashioned!”
a-flowin’. A muse was only th’ person an artist was jerking it to, why do think art is so horny?”
an option, these days someone would-- someone would want me.”
“I thought you went away for a weekend with your friends for your birthday?” Tony resolutely pried a monstrous sized lollipop from Peter’s greedy fingers and placed it back on the check out display. “Were you still planning on doing that?”
********
“And what does
“You don’t even know his address for sure.”
“How did Pete sleep?” Steve asked next, a whisper soft kiss at the curl of Tony’s ear lobe and then down at his throat, fingers flexing possessively at his hip. “Did he do okay?”
“Call me tomorrow?”
“Omega, I wholly intend to.”
“What jewelry store?” Peggy’s brow creased in confusion though she tried to stay calm so Tony wouldn’t get any more agitated. “What watch?”
From there on his knees Steve lavished kisses all over the marks he’d left the night before, clicked his tongue sympathetically at the already darkening bruises and mouthed adoringly at the bite marks Tony had been so enthusiastic about letting him leave.
lap first.” the Beta decided. “Boy howdy, look at you! You’re so much higher quality than the last one we--ACK!”
The Omega kept laughing over the admittedly dorky reply and Steve listened to it with a smile as he got to work on the last few dishes left over from the party.
“Well, you’re right about one thing.” Tony’s nose scrunched teasingly. “That was
“Pretty thing.” Carol wrinkled her nose up at him. “You couldn’t handle this level of scrubbing.”
The new angle slammed Steve’s cock right against Tony’s prostate and he was almost immediately crying out for mercy, nearly screaming, scrabbling at the bed for purchase, grabbing for his own cock to stroke himself off, flailing back to try and hold onto Steve as he hurtled towards
the Alpha hadn’t expected the lace and intricately tatted flowers on the garter set to be gorgeous, Zaffre
“Passed a long time ago.” the Omega’s scent dimmed in sadness. “She’d never have let Dad throw me out, but I don’t think Dad would’ve even though about it if she’d been there to change his mind. My Mama kept him…
“I missed you.” he rasped and Tony only nodded, knotting his fingers into Steve’s hair and hiding his face in the Alpha’s throat, nosing at the blood spotted bite and trying not to cry with an unexpected wash of emotion. “Sweet Omega, I missed you.”
“Tash.” Just like Tony somehow knew he would, Peter settled tight into Tasha’s arms entirely nonplussed by the aura of
to when he’d taken things like this hotel room and these sort of spa services for granted. Thick towels and comfortable robes, enough money to never have to worry about anything-- that had been real life for so long that sometimes
“Yeah baby, I’m your Auntie Tasha.” she whispered, and rumbled soft soft
“I don’t care about that.” Steve’s huge hands clenched into fists. “I don’t care about what I don’t know about Tony, what I
“Knot me.” the Omega whined and the Alpha’s entire body
“That's actually exactly what I do.” The Alpha topped off Tony's wine glass and settled back into the couch. “I'm a bachelor, Tony. I don't have anyone to cook for, anyone to sit in the fancy living room with-- hell, I only bought this thing cos I'd been furniture shopping for a week and the sales person showed me a picture in the catalog and I was so sick of shopping at that point, I just told them I'd take it exactly in the picture.”
was almost shockingly out of place.
and more of a retreat for some really terrible clients. I uh-- I don’t go a single day without being verbally harassed or sexually harassed or being offered money to do something icky and my boss… well, he did me such a favor just by hiring me that I know better than to complain.”
The phone call distorted into cackling laughter as Tony exploded into giggles at Clint’s nonsense and Clint guffawed a few times at his own shenanigans before the line abruptly disconnected, the blond Omega apparently deciding he’d had enough of listening to Bucky and would rather wipe tables.
The art studio was destroyed, blank canvases smeared with various paint in no discernible pattern, some brushes broken and others left soaked in tipped over paint bottles, the color drying tacky and garish on the gorgeous floors. Up the walls--
“Sure, I’m just fine with that.” Steve had the distinctly uncomfortable feeling of  missing some sort of information that would clue him in to the way Tony had almost frowned before replacing it with a smile. It was probably nothing of course, he was just out of practice dating and
The new pillows from Steve were so plush Tony only needed
“Alpha-- Alpha--!” Fangs at his throat, at his bonding spot made Tony gush wet, cock throbbing where it bounced against his stomach every time Steve bottomed out inside him. “
, but Tony still closed his eyes and and held the phone to his forehead after he read the message, blushing clear to the tips of his ears and squeezing his thighs together over a fresh flush of slick.
of you.”
“...yes?”
that Bucky nudged Tony and murmured, “See that? Two years ago he was yippe ki yaying out of planes and trains and automobiles. Now he turns into a Nervous Nellie if you’re out of his sight at all. It’s ridiculous, I love to see it.”
“Heya sweetheart.” All the breath rushed out of Steve’s chest when he found Tony standing defensively in front of the bed, arms crossed tight and chin tilted up, eyes wary and entire frame bristling with aggression ready to defend himself and the small child curled into the blankets behind him.
. “Okay Clint. First of all, absolutely not. This is ridiculously sketchy. Second of all, I’m barely twenty and I guarantee anyone interested would want a twenty one year old. Third– and I can’t stress this enough– I have a
Bucky’s hands moved first, signing --
Peter babbled something that might have been the Mac and Cheese song, and when Tony’s expression crumbled, Clint realized-- “You think when Steve finds out about Peter, he’ll dump you.”
So why an Alpha with no mate, no children, no pets had moved into the space and was letting all but a few rooms sit empty and unused was a mystery to everyone on the block--
“I’m going to buy him a spa day.”
had no bearing on how much Steve
Bucky just shrugged, “I dunno, I was only half listening when Tasha was watching some documentary. But the point stands, you need to get laid. Take some of the stress away, make you smile a little bit, and then maybe the painting thing would work. When was the last time you got a knot off?”
“But wait, there’s more.” Clint dried his hands on a towel and then put them on his hips. “Tony, why are you holding yourself back from the Golden Giant. That guy clearly loves your peaches, definitely wants to shake that tree--”
“That’s good.” Tony worked himself on the still distended knot, breath coming high and fast as he rode the Alpha towards the brink again. “Steve that’s good, don’t stop--”
.” the Alpha cursed again, but Tony laughed a little louder which made it all worth it. “Yeah, I was painting obviously. I was all ready to be excited that you knew my daily schedule, but it turns out I just look like I headbutted a paintbrush.”
“Well, I could use a loaf of bread and maybe some butter.” she conceded, and Tony clicked on bread, butter, the jam Peggy used on her toast, noodles and pasta sauce and several freezer meals they could just zap in the microwave, rice and some frozen veggies, milk and juice, soup and crackers and snackies for Pete, cold medicine and pain medication and an extra box of diapers. The list kept growing and Tony kept ordering, two and three weeks worth of anything dry so his pantry would be stocked until next paycheck, a bigger size of perishable items than he could usually afford, extras like cough drops and bandaids and higher quality laundry detergent to help wash the
“What the hell is that about?” Clint was filling in for the cook today, and he flipped a row of burgers on the flattop before checking on his friend. “I’ve heard all your jokes and none of them are good enough to make a table laugh that hard, what happened?”
“What is it?”
“Peggy!” The Omega cried, scandalized. “I’m not going to ask for more stuff! The allowance I get is more than enough, and it feels weird even taking that money. Steve will
“You used the word evocative to describe why you liked red.” Steve pointed a fry at Tony faux sternly. “I was just trying to match your energy.”
...no. No, Tony was a parent
“Keep going.” the Alpha said again. “You’re still not done.”
“I hear your protests and call them invalid.” Clint held up three fingers. “First of all, absolutely yes because you’re wound so tight these days if you don’t get laid soon
“Don’t ever say that.” Peggy clicked her tongue, wisely choosing to ignore the mention of diamonds. “No matter what you were doing today, whether you were working or having fun. you can’t blame yourself for Peter getting sick, these sort of things just happen.”
had to jump after him to make sure the big blond didn’t splat somewhere terrible.
relationship it was because I wasn’t exactly flush with cash.” Tony hopped up onto the counter to drink his coffee. “I figured it didn’t matter where I worked, just that I obviously didn’t make enough money and uh-- well, it’s sort of embarrassing to admit I work there. I’m sure Bucky told you--”
*******
wide when he saw the bag of chocolate chips, but apparently leaving Tony’s arms to help the Alpha was a step too far, so he shook his head and clung to his Daddy instead.
...well anyway. Dressing for a date had been so much easier back when all of Tony’s clothes had come
“Carbonell.” Steve echoed shell shocked. “As in, the Maria Carbonell Foundation for the Arts. The Maria Carbonell Children’s Charity Gala. The Maria Carbonell Organization that fully funded several school districts arts and crafts programs so the kids wouldn’t lose them, including my high school? The grant didn’t come through till my senior year, but that’s-- that’s your Ma?”
that was walking at Tony’s side, a little tyke of no more than two, pudgy hands grasping at the Omega’s fingers and face upturned to either one of the adults and lit up with a grin. He had Tony’s nose and the Omega’s bewitching smile and Tony bent to pick the toddler up as they crossed the road and kissed the little one’s cheek like he did it every damn day of his life.
“We wanna take ya to dinner then back to our place for the weekend.” Bucky said casually, far too casually for how wide Clint’s eyes got. “Last time we all hung out, me and Tash said we wanted to call you, so this is us calling you. You wanna come home with us tonight and stay the weekend?”
--A wordless scream and the air drenched with too sugary Omega arousal, overripe apple blossoms and brilliant chamomile and Steve nearly came
if he isn’t old enough to have kids.”
There was no living room to speak of, of course, just dingy linoleum squares running abruptly into thin carpet that had been obviously carefully cleaned but was a solid decade past when it needed replacing. The bathroom hidden behind a door nearly off its hinges boasted a shower that wouldn’t fit a full grown Alpha, a toilet that was running constantly and a low sink with a locker-sized mirror hanging on the wall. Everything was clean and tidy but there was no disguising the consistent neglect the studio had been through in the previous years, stains on the walls that looked like water damage and a give and squeak to the floor that spoke of termites and maybe even rot.
“Oh my god.” The Alpha closed his eyes, then cleared his throat and opened them again, and without looking away, ordered-- “Goodbye Bucky and Tasha.”
“Steve almost killed you.” Tony decided and Bucky was quick to agree, “Yeah but so what? I just wanted to get you here no matter what. It was the right decision, wasn’t it? Even if I went about it like an asshole?”
“Forget Steve, I want you to sit on
college,
Dinner was forgotten in favor of moving together, the same gorgeous dance as always, Tony’s eyes rolling back when Steve coaxed him to finish once with just his fingers, his mouth falling open with that first deep push as
“Is Peter’s father anywhere in the picture?” he finally said, and watched Tony cringe out of the corner of his eye. “I just want to know if I’m going to have some angry Alpha banging on my door demanding I give back his family.”
. I do data collection and entry for a totally legitimate association of businessmen.”
The quick return to teasing made the Alpha feel a modicum better, and he gnawed at the inside of his cheek as he contemplated trying the dirty text again.
The big Alpha rumbled a laugh and kissed his mate. “
“No no no, you’re going to say things like I’ll cry realizing how smart you are and then not elaborate?” Steve watched closely as Tony scented at, then slowly sipped the wine. “Do you like it? It’s the same bottle from the steakhouse.”
“The bed’s fine.” Tony went a little tense at the change of subject, but tried to breathe through it. “I didn’t sleep very well but that was more from nerves than an issue with the mattress. I wanted to say--”
“I want you to know that I accepted your message on the app because I felt like you were actually telling the truth about what you wanted in this arrangement.” Tony said quietly, frankly. “You said you wanted a friend more than anything, that you weren’t looking for anything serious, that you were new to all of this and not sure how it worked. And you looked a little bit lonely in your picture.
you? Or-- or what?”
“I won’t if you don’t want me too.” Steve started slowly. “But I love him, Tony. I love Pete. And if you don’t want him to call me Dad, that’s okay. Or if you don’t want to take my last name because of any future potential Stark inheritance or anything like that, that’s fine. But yes, if you let me, I’d like to adopt Pete.”
wrenched the door open, looked Tony up and down a few times, then shouted over her shoulder. “Oy! Steve! The stripper you ordered is here!”
than this, or if he wanted to cry because he’d worked so hard for so many long long days and these meager offerings of a few belongings still littered with the remainder of clearance tags and thrift store stickers was all he had to show for it.
. “This was on purpose?”
Several dates with Tony had taught the Alpha not to push it though, so Steve tried to ignore the itch at the base of his neck and cleared his throat to change the subject, “When do you go back to work? Any idea when your next day off will be?”
“Fine.” Steve cleared his throat, then cleared it again. “I like the name Archie. I think it’s cute and old fashioned and I imagine a little red headed boy terrorizing the matrons in church.”
“Mmhmm. Do you
? Your body for his money?”
“Bucky!” Steve’s lip curled, an embarrassed growl rumbling in his chest at having his entire personal
at the table trying to talk gross to that.”
if the Omega didn’t let up and this moment was too long awaited to end too soon. “Come here Tony, my Omega, come here and let me in you, let me
in a dirty apron taking a big bag of trash out to the nasty dumpster from the hole in the wall shitty diner.
sort of claim over Tony or Pete even if it was just a name on a birth certificate made the hair at the back of Steve’s neck stand up and his eyes itch to blip
to go back to college? Then sure.” Steve fished out a few coins from his pocket for Peter to chuck into the fountain. “I don’t know if finishing your degree would change your life at all, if you’d want to pursue a specific job or if it would just check something off that maybe you always felt was unfinished… I don’t know any of that. I’m just saying, if you’d like to go back to school I would not only be open to it, but I’d encourage the hell out of you as well.”
, and his growl shook the floor. “What are you
“You uh--” Tony wet his lips, paused for dramatic effect. “You want to get me pregnant, Captain?”
He shrugged, massive shoulders rising and falling. “I don’t
“Missed you too.” It was impossible to hide even a little bit when everything was so open, and the words tumbled out raw. “
After they finished, after Steve came growling trying to grind his knot into press of Tony’s hand as the Omega milked at him, Tony finishing splattering white untouched while his Alpha throbbed inside him,
“Is it?” Tony’s fangs split his bottom lip when he bit down too hard too fast in excitement as Steve held him easily
A hesitation from the Omega, and Steve got that odd prickling at the back of his neck again.
“Yes, full time.” Tony hugged Peter tighter. “I have a steady job, I’ve been there for a year now.”
after what might have been something terrible, the baby wasn’t traumatized and over reacting based on his own feelings would only turn what Peter considered fun into a bad memory. Nearly getting flattened beneath stuffed animals wasn’t the same as Pete getting excited and darting out into traffic and it wasn’t the same as the toddler climbing too high and risking broken bones, so the Omega just curled into Steve and waited for both their scents to calm.
With so many of their personal items missing-- clothes, Peter’s toys, the boxes Bucky had grabbed before taking them to Steve’s house-- the studio apartment was downright depressing, dollar store dishes and dull silverware, paper thin towels and a shower with hardly any water pressure, scratchy blankets and the newest purchase in the room Peter’s crib, worn but well taken care of.
“I’m an Omega.” Tony spread his hands in an ‘obviously’ sort of motion. “And since Omegas are apparently incapable of living alone and because I have Pete, applying for those benefits would trigger a welfare check into my life and past, which of course would include my father.”
“Most Alphas would never adopt a kid that’s not their own.” Tony swallowed hard. “And I know you enjoy having Pete around, I am so damn thankful that you don’t just tolerate him that you actually do adore him but this is
to Peter’s life and left Tony speechless with just a few words.
***********
“My circumstances have… changed, Anthony.” Howard admitted after a moment. “My health is not what it once was, which prompted my retirement from a more active position in the company. These daily walks are more to ensure proper blood flow and ample oxygen than they are because I am bored. I have had the time to reflect on my actions and what they have cost and I find myself… lonely. Saddened by my choices and the resulting consequences.”
“I really really did.” Tony settled further into the chair. “Thank you for all this.”
“I know I used up my twenty questions.” Steve said slowly, working to blink the red from his eyes and bring the conversation back on track. “But I wanted to know if you are seeing anyone else besides me.”
“I guess not.” Tony only had
“It is a
“I missed you.” the Alpha said next, and this time Tony wilted onto the bed, arms falling and head hanging.
“Oh shit.” Bucky choked back the bite in his mouth and wiped at his lips, ready to whistle and catch the Omega’s attention and make a little small talk. If Steve was full set on falling in love with his sugar baby the
and I want you comfy the first time you spend the night, I want you to feel like you belong here--”
, Stevie. You’ve been here two years already, it’s okay to unpack some of your personal stuff.”
“Oh.” Steve’s throat jerked as he swallowed. “Tony, I would
“Steve?”
“Yeah, sweetheart?” Steve’s eyes were still glued to the panties, his thumb hooked into the strip buried between Tony’s cheeks and tugging in a fully distracting rhythm, his other index finger skating at the rim of Tony’s entrance. “What is it, what do you need?”
“Please.” she sniffed haughtily. “You’ve been getting pampered by some gorgeous Alpha while Pete no doubt eats piles of candy. I came home to find your apartment broken into and mostly cleaned out and then you didn’t answer your phone for hours. Our situations are not the same!”
“Are you kidding?” Peggy Carter was Tony’s downstairs neighbor, a sweet soul who had taken one look at Tony and Peter the first day they moved in and promptly decided she was going to be
particular Friday night, Steve was caught up on a training schedule with Natasha and didn’t make it to the apartment till after dinner time, and as he unlocked the door he called– “Sweetheart? I’m so sorry I’m late, did you eat with out me? I don’t want you to be hungry, and frankly, your eating habits are atrocious. Please tell me you ate!”
?” Clint wondered, and the Alphas looked at each other then at him and stated, “It won’t be the other way around, Omega. We won’t be breaking up with you so…”
“Kay well first of all, I’d never fuckin’ threaten your kid, so jot that down.” Mind coming back online, Bucky’s lip curled in instant defense of his intentions. “I’d never hurt you
“There’s lace.” Tony mumbled, and took the lipstick she offered. “And they’re blue because Steve likes blue. I did put a
, but being bombarded by unexpected questions and then stared at by the intimidating Alpha couple had him trembling, wishing he hadn’t come at all, cursing himself for breaking his own rule about unscheduled dates and mixing their arrangement with any other part of their personal lives…
“Don't cuss around the baby.” Clint was there in an instant, scooping Peter right up and scowling down at both the Alphas. “Or say tiddies. It’s bad enough Mr. Rogers over there taught him how to say
“Okay but seriously.” Natasha’s hair had been in a smooth bun at one point, her shirt clean of mashed potatoes at another point, but neither was the case now. “How does Tony do this as a single dad? How did he do this?”
**********
fantasy of mine?”
“At ease, soldier.” Tony followed Steve’s embarrassed retreat at a more leisurely pace, waited until the Captain had backed himself up into a desk and then cornered Steve right in. “I’m not making fun of you.”
drunk conversation the night of Tony’s birthday when he’d more than likely spouted some over the top romantic bullshit that the Omega had been nice enough to just laugh over but they’d only had text conversations since then and now Steve felt like he must have missed huge
“It’s good to see you smile.” Clint scooted past with an armful of dishes to dump in the sink. “I think the phrase is ‘you’re smiling so much you look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth’ but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t the Alpha’s
“There’s no sense lingering on the things that can’t be changed in the past.” Tony answered softly, pragmatically, “But does me being a Stark change anything moving
“This doesn’t look like the room you spend much time in.” Tony set the pillow back down and meandered over to the buffet, trailing his fingers over the delicate flower blooms set in a unique blown glass vase and moving towards the window to look out over the water and city skyline. “No butt print on the couch, no pictures on the mantle, no readable books on the bookshelf…”
“Oh Steve,
“Bug’s awake.” Tony’s apple blossom scent sweetened apologetically as he tried to soothe his Alpha with another kiss. “That’s my cue to turn back into Dad. Sorry. Rain check?”
the settling thing, the Alpha cleared his throat and leaned down to rub their noses together and murmured, “Okay I won’t do that anymore, I’m sorry I did it all but um, how about here, can I touch you here?”
Tony had been stressing for
when Steve settled heavy between his thighs and readied him with one-two-three fingers. Steve was always careful, always adoring, the earlier slip into dirty talk falling by the way side as he worshipped every exposed inch of skin and lavished Tony with quiet praise just like he always did.
“You’ll have to forgive my rudeness.” Even after all this time, even with years between them and the reminder of everything
Nat nudged her mate gently, and Bucky nodded. He’d known Steve a long time, knew the blond had always wanted a family of his own, knew Steve dreamed about having kids and a home and yard where little ones could play. He
on my Omega!”
Tony’s brows lowered in confusion and trepidation, not sure where the Alpha was going with the conversation and wondering if he would have to interrupt to stop Steve from asking him to move in or anything else
Peter turned his head to peer at Steve curiously-- curls riotous atop his head, chubby face flushed from napping and honey brown eyes lit through with gold flecks like sunshine in his gaze. His nose turned up just a bit at the end and when he smiled, a dimple spotted deep into his cheek and made him look positively mischievous.
, the more anxious I get. How do I even bring the topic up? Oh by the way, I’m a Dad and have a two year year old? By the way, I tried to return the watch you bought me to buy diapers? How do I do that?”
have a job, that he
last four years still felt like a nightmare Tony hadn’t been able to force himself awake from.
it. “On the off chance that I ever buy anything from this store ever again, if that Omega walks through these doors, you are to treat him with every bit of respect you treat me, do you understand? You are to cater to whatever he wants, show him any piece of jewelry in any of these cases, and if he wants to return something I had bought him you
“Steve.” Tony propped his chin up on one overtly perky pectoral and waggled his eyebrows. “Come on. Don’t get me wrong, you are the actual definition of a service top and I’ve never been
“... thank you.”
“Daddy!” Peter cried. “Beep beep bed!”
The door clicked shut, the lock turning as Bucky used the spare key to secure it and then it was just Alpha and Omega alone in the quiet house.
by Grandma Peggy, and laughing under his breath as Tony burrowed mortified into his chest. “Forgot about Peggy and Pete. Thought we had a few more minutes before anyone woke up.”
“Wait, what?” French fry halfway to his mouth, Clint stopped and gaped at Tony. “Wait, you
that a simple pair of underwear, a simple red thong, could tax Steve’s self control near to the breaking point but it
“That makes me real happy, Tony.” Encouraged by the willing exchange, Steve stayed a few seconds longer, hovering between the door and the chair waiting to see if the Omega would give him a sign that he should stay. “I know we usually go a couple weeks between dates, but just going ten days felt like an extra long time this time. Probably cos we were in separate time zones?”
“Uhhh…” Clint tossed the bayonet fork into the sink. “Sure. That’s what happened. They
pretty things.” Tony was overwhelmed by the gift, by the pile of clothes and the effort the Alpha had so clearly put into picking out every single piece to make sure the colors were perfect and the fit was flattering. There wasn’t anything too overtly sexy, everything could be worn under regular clothes, most of the clothing could be worn every single day with only a few meant to be for dates or special occasions and the presence of warmer wear and the bag spoke to a practicality to the gift and to Steve thinking ahead for what Tony might need in the future.
“No Nerf guns, Tasha!” Steve repeated. “I mean it!”
“Huh.” Clint scratched at the scraggly growth on his chin. “Sounds like you went to
“I could help you with the dishes.” Tony whispered, then giggled when the Alpha swore, “
“Okay.” Clint hesitated because Tony was unfortunately right about the statistics for blended families and adoption. “Okay but Steve-- he’s not really a typical Alpha right?”
take care of your table. Teach them to suggest that sort of shit for a tip.”
happens and it all comes crashing down. We met on an app, Steve paid for my company, I sort of lied to him for months and now what-- now I’m supposed to just believe and accept that we get to live in a mansion and Peter gets giant toys and a car bed and my favorite wine will always be in house and the Alpha will never get tired of painting canvases inspired by me and the way the sunrise catches the light in my eyes?”
in someone’s face if they suggested it, and yeah okay I probably would have judged them for doing that sort of thing because I was sixteen and had no idea what the real world was like and now… now…”
“Added.” she confirmed. “What’s Steve doing now? How many times has he rearranged the throw pillows on that ridiculously ugly couch?”
Tony's eyes dropped to the expertly knotted tie that perfectly matched the blue pinstriped suit . “...alright?”
Natasha and Bucky both hugged Tony before leaving, holding the Omega tight and reminding him in a fierce whisper that he was family and that they were sorry for not knowing what was going on before and if Steve was ever stupid enough to make him angry, he and Pete could just live at their place.
The Alpha’s steps were steady and slow down the stairs, his grip on Peter secure and careful as he took the baby to the bedroom, performed a very quick diaper change on a nearly comatose toddler and tucked him into the bed on a towel, securing the mesh gate that kept Peter from rolling right off the high edge on either side. Lights off except for the bathroom so Tony could see when he came to the bed and Steve turned to tip toe down the hall and get ready for a much needed shower.
- “I can’t exactly wear
I mean, I expect a holiday card from the two of you by Christmas so hop to it.”
“It’s the solution to your problems.” Clint tapped at the icon when it was obvious Tony wasn’t going to. “Fill out a profile and see if you get a match.”
Bucky finally risked a breath in when the other Alpha’s hands relaxed and let him go. “Yeah, yeah I did.”
too far so Steve squashed the desire and instead just brushed at Tony’s cheek, at his chin, thumbed at the corner of his gorgeous mouth and eased away to break the kiss before he got carried away.
delicious served over meatballs and a generous sized portion of noodles, then slathered in parmesan cheese.
when he reached the lace at the top of the nylons and flicked at the button fasten of the garter that held them up. “Tony. You’re wearing a garter belt?”
Tony put his phone down and collapsed back onto the bed with Peter, curling around the toddler and trying to let the sleepy baby scent calm his nerves.
himself to respond, but he eased back from the embrace and tried for a smile that didn’t give away everything he wanted to say just then.
happy that you were going to switch it out for something you’d actually enjoy or be able to wear. These are the sort of things I’ll learn the longer we’re dating--”
as he looked the Omega over. “How are you, beauty?”
Tony was still blushing as he wiggled out from beneath Steve’s bulk and stole a pair of pajama pants from the drawer so he could go get Peter. Steve listened to the light footsteps down the hall then rolled out of bed to use the bathroom and put on a pair of bottoms as well.
to have to stay for half the night because the doctors weren’t willing to send them home until the fever had broken and Pete’s temperature was under control.
when Steve made a broken sounding noise at the permission.
so the Omega wouldn’t stop.
“Right right.” Clint pursed his lips, debated making a crack about diapers and something vaguely horrifying about how some adults were
individuals such as yourself.”
At this time last year he’d been sitting in the huge brownstone all alone, not finding much reason to leave his house or even leave the loft, rain-checking events with his friends because somehow being in a group made him feel even more lonely. But now?
And then with a flash of panic and regret, patting at his back pockets for cash and lowering his voice, “Sorry baby, were you expecting money? I was going to give you extra on Sunday but I can go get some right now. Wait here just a sec?”
“Uh, did you not see the painting?” Steve asked bluntly
Steve breathed out a soft laugh and nodded, lips brushing at Tony’s temple. “Sorry. I didn’t realize how much I missed you until I actually saw you. And this lace thing is seriously compromising me right now. Am I acting dumb talking this much?”
“No no.” the other Omega held up both hands and smiled apologetically. “No please, there’s no rush for you to leave, you’re more than welcome to come back up and spend the rest of the day in the lounge if you’d like. But your room is ready, so I thought I’d have one of our porters escort you upstairs so you could get your keys.”
Steve came down from using the restroom and startled in shock over seeing them together, but before he could interrupt or Tony could hurry to his side and explain the inexplicable feeling and the way Peter had gone right to her, Natasha balanced Peter on her hip, pressed his head to her chest and covered his other ear so he wouldn’t listen and announced--
, Tony. It’s like sunshine.”
“Okay, but you’re going to
“Jesus
“No?” the blond challenged. “How many times did you say
“Tony?”
when he grinned. “You stay in here, eat one of those burgers I definitely screwed up, and
“I was looking for some piece of shit guy for a bounty.” Bucky couldn’t stop looking at the kitchen with the cracked counter, the floor with visible rot spots, the bathroom door his shoulders wouldn’t even fit through. “I uh-- fuck, Tony. I swear I wasn’t followin’ you, I got intel that my guy hung out at the nasty diner so I pulled up to stake it out and--”
that.”
“That sounds peaceful.” Tony said wistfully. “I don’t know the last time I spent an evening in an art studio.”
heated, the Alpha had assumed he loved it.
“Okay but here’s the thing about being chivalrous.” Tony ducked into the foyer and let Steve take his jacket-- which was actually the Alpha’s jacket. “If you being chivalrous means I have to stand out in the cold waiting for you to show up just so can walk me up a few steps, it’s not chivalrous, it’s inconvenient. And nobody has time for inconvenient chivalry.”
“I’ll use the bathroom and be right back.” Tony promised, and ducked out the side door so he didn’t have to use the customer bathroom and risk making eye contact with that
“That’s alright.” Two eggs cracked into the mix in quick succession. “We’ll get there. Sweetheart, I’ve got fresh coffee and that creamer you like, I went out early this morning and picked some up since we used the last of it last time you were here before my trip.”
“He was sniffling a little a few days ago, but with the weather changing I thought it was just seasonal allergies, maybe a cold.” the Omega answered, exhausted. It had been almost five hours in Urgent Care now and he was
“What uh– what is this?”
“Might–” a deep breath. “Might be worth a try.”
Steve made a punched out sounding noise, and Tony lifted one shoulder in as casual shrug as he could manage, “–and I also read that multiple orgasms can increase our chances as well, so we might have to go more than once.”
And perhaps for certain sugar daddies or sugar babies knowing a list of kinks or the general
usually the one in full control and it’s Steve’s dumb ass yeeting himself out of airplanes but that day I
“When was the last time you were home to check on the baby?”
wishing he could ignore the feeling that Tony wasn’t telling him the truth but unable to let it go. “Tony um… are you sure you’re okay?”
So the Alpha gulped back the rest of his bratwurst and fumbled for napkins so his face wasn’t greasy, then straightened his jacket and readied himself to jog over and try not to freak Tony out by approaching him randomly in public--
It wasn’t enough to buy a quick meal off the discount menu at the fast food place down the street, it wasn’t enough for cab fare or an Uber to the Urgent Care if Peter’s cough came back or if his upset stomach turned into something worse, it wasn’t even enough money for a spare diaper at the Dollar Store if they went out for some reason and Tony forgot diapers at home. Three dollars wouldn’t buy a gallon of milk, it wasn’t enough for a loaf of bread, three dollars wouldn’t pay to wash and dry their clothes at the laundromat down the street, so laundry would have to wait until next week, it wouldn’t even buy the Omega a beer so he could drink something other than tap water and hope it got him tipsy enough to relax.
“I don’t stay overnight.”
that idea?”
a Blu-ray player to watch them. A gorgeous, heavy knit scarf in the prettiest green Tony had ever seen to ward off the evening chill, and then a matching scarf and set of gloves in a shade of crimson red that Tony imagined matched the aura of Steve’s cedar scent.
memory of his mother ever cooking. Maria Carbonell Stark hadn't spent much time in the kitchen other than Christmas Eve morning when she made pancakes for her and Tony to share together. Christmas at the Stark household had involved stuffy parties with politicians, a full staff to do all the cooking and decorating and gift wrapping, and a Christmas morning that was usually overseen by an exhausted Maria, an already annoyed Howard and a bevy of hired help whose sole job was to keep Tony out from beneath their feet while the house was readied for yet another holiday party.
money amount, a
“One puppy is enough.” the Omega said firmly, but then immediately tried to correct, “And I’m not saying we should get one--!”
“Yes.” Steve tried not to let
leech into his words. “What the fuck is going on?”
Steve’s hoarse shout was lost under the sound of water when Tony took him into his mouth, but when the Omega tapped at his thigh in permission, he cradled Tony’s head with all the care in the world so he could thrust slowly between spit slick lips and feel the Omega’s throat convulsing trying to swallow him down for a few breathtaking moments.
“So how much would your life have to slow down before you let an Alpha take the time to be sort of inconveniently chivalrous….” Steve gulped when he turned back around and saw what the Omega was wearing. “
“Pete!” Tony abandoned the cart and sprinted towards the disaster, Steve over took him in a few steps and started pitching animals left and right trying to get down to Peter.
He shook his head. “I’m miserable with out him. It’s been a month and I am
“Nah sweetheart, thank
Tony fussed and fussed and
But he didn't.
beneath his gaze. “Tony,
for a moment as the Omega wandered absentmindedly into the room, unaware of Steve’s presence as he rapid fire texted at his phone and sent the message off.
“That’s all makes sense.” the Alpha rushed to assure him. “And I gotta say, I admire the work ethic. I wasn’t always rich, I remember working the crappy jobs for as many hours as possible trying to save money and get ahead, I get it. But um…”
I should have been working my regular job so I would have been five minutes down the street instead of an hour away when you called!”
“See you tonight. I love you.”
of the month and Tony should get the full amount whether they’d gone on several dates or not-- and found his box of bills to rifle through and make sure every single one got paid.
Tony came
but because Bucky wanted a chance to talk to Steve about
“You’re gonna be late?” Natasha sounded calm but Bucky could visualize the neutral face of displeasure the tiny redhead so often wore. “But I’m already nekkid and waiting for you at home.”
“Pretty Omega.” Sleep rough and raspy, Steve’s voice was hoarse as they kissed, the scruff on his chin chaffing at Tony’s sensitive skin and making the Omega squeal. “Pretty perfect thing, I love waking up to you in my bed.”
“Damn it, I don’t care about our date.” Steve breathed an unsteady laugh and leaned forward in his chair, dragging a hand through his hair in relief. “God, I don’t care about missing the date. Tony, I was over here getting myself all worked up about all the things that could have gone wrong or anything that might have happened to you-- you got that text last week and bolted and then never texted me back or anything-- I was worried.”
.” the Alpha growled and Tony arched his back into the next thrust, sparks behind his eyes as his body lit up from the inside out and left him blurred. “My Omega,
for it.
, Tony. For your birthday, don’t be so practical. What can I spoil you with?”
at you.”
“Single?” Bucky pressed.
He shrugged, looking around the space. “It feels good to be up here painting for fun.”
to him? Bucky, that is unacceptable--”
“It sure seems like you are.”
. “Tony? What happened?”
“No, I just--”
for dealing with me being an Awkward Aardvark and not giving up on me on the first date when I panicked about a tie.” Steve put his arm back around Tony’s waist as they started walking again. “You and Pete have given me a family and made my house a home and for
“Thanks, Carol.” Tony blew the pretty Beta a grateful kiss. “And thanks, Clint. I guess my work clothes aren’t exactly date material.”
“Anything you want.” It wasn’t often that Tony asked for anything, it was even
“...oops.” Steve put Tony down carefully, blushing dark red at nearly being caught
“Probably.” Tony allowed, then took a deep breath and admitted, “I work at a really shitty diner out by the train tracks, Steve. I know I told you I waitressed at a place in Midtown, but it’s less in Midtown and actually closer to the freight yards and it’s-- it’s less of a
. I can’t imagine the public transit system is much better than it used to be when I had to ride it everywhere, and I know the subway doesn’t come this far up. I certainly don’t want you walking so this seems like a good compromise, don’t you think?”
“C--Crystal clear, Mr. Rogers.”
at his…
“Kay.” Steve sat back into the chair and spread his hands in a hopefully encouraging manner. “Tell me about where you live.”
, it was difficult to make conversation and maintain a a successful first date with an Omega while licking barbecue sauce off fingers, and
small amount of money, if the Omega was in the mood for laughter. Three dollars was an amount of money seventeen-year-old Tony wouldn't have even stopped to pick up if he’d dropped it while out partying with his friends but that-- that had been a different life.
“A prepaid profile on a car service to take me wherever I wanted?”
“Oh ho ho holy crap Omega, is that something
behind his eyes and clouded up his breathing. “
? What the hell happen--?”
“Shit.” Steve muttered and the toddler chirped, “
“Cheesy cheese!” Peter crowed, and clapped his pudgy hands in excitement. “Cheesy cheese!”
, the emotions and fear of the past several hours weighing heavy at his shoulders and tightening steel bands
defending Tony but full on growling, arms locked down at Tony’s waist to hold him close and snarling to warn the others away.
have stolen the watch from you, we’d like you to come down and confirm a few things with us before we call the police and have them arrested.”
“Most people think that part of my life seems boring.” Steve offered sheepishly, and his stomach swooped when the Omega smiled almost
“I've got more in the kitchen.” Steve piled his silverware on his plate, then reached for Tony's plate as well. “Do you want to take left over spaghetti home? I can box it up for you.”
Steve tried like hell to follow along but really just ended up listening with a smile while the baby talked and Tony stood at the door watching.
Clint was working a double Friday night and even though Peggy would have been more than willing to cancel her sewing circle plans with a few friends, Tony told her it would be fine, that she should have fun with her friends.
the Alpha all day.
As they stood and waited for the car, Steve started singing under his breath, “It’s a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, would you be mine, could you be mine…?”
“Don’t say that again?” Tony ran agitated fingers through his hair before backing up another step so he was up against the crib and squarely between Peter and Bucky. “You broke into my apartment! I can say whatever I want!
********
“Th-that’s doubtful, I feel like sixty comes along with quite a few wrinkles.” Tony tried to lighten the moment again, tried to be sassy and make the Alpha smile but he couldn’t even hear his own voice over the rush in his ears as Steve touched him slowly, carefully, leaned over their table close enough to kiss if Tony leaned over too, the blond saying things like
The Omega punctured his fangs right through his lip trying to decide whether to laugh at his stupid boyfriend or clock the giant Alpha over the head, and settled on, “Steve. You’ve gone from stupid swear words to talking like a country bumpkin from the 1920’s who’s never seen a wheel before. Cut it out or I’ll leave you here and make you walk home.”
“Alright.” Tony looked impossibly shy in the oversized coat. “Thank you.”
kiddos, huh?”
in Steve’s life like he was replaceable in so many other aspects of his own life.
anything, all he could think about was Peter somehow miraculously calm and nearly asleep in the
“I got it babydoll.” Bucky took over when Nat’s voice cut out abruptly. “Tony, Stevie. We’ll come over and take of the little guy, no problem. No Nerf guns, heard. Where’d we land on super soakers, though? Gray area?”
“Daddy, more!” Peter banged his spoon on the table until Tony sent him a
being a fuckin’ sap.”
again.
“...them?” Steve backed off a few steps, looking over his shoulder towards the living room and the stairs beyond to the bedrooms. “What do you mean
, Tony didn’t know the answer to that.
’ was playing on the radio, and Steve hummed it to himself as he rapped lightly at the bedroom door, already thinking ahead to when he could pull Tony out into the living room and dance for hours to the love song, already thinking ahead to how sweet this night would be, how he would have to do something nice for Tony since Tony had been doing so many nice things for him lately…
“Dinner sounds delicious.” Tony offered. “And this restaurant is beautiful.”
because you should stop equating sexy times with a job at the diner that regularly makes me barf.”
It was sheer luck and coincidence that he was halfway through cramming the bratwurst into his mouth and absentmindedly staring up at the oddly charming architecture of the hotel when the doors opened and
But then--
“You called Peter our son.” Tony said next and Steve nodded, “Of course I did, sweetheart.”
“That's right.” Steve brushed his fingers at the small of Tony's back to guide the Omega away from the stove so he could take over cooking again. “How's your wine? Need a refill yet?”
The last box was intimate wear, and Steve paused in eating to watch Tony carefully as the Omega rifled through the dozen matching pairs of beautiful panties and lacy camisoles, shorty shorts that would cut high over Tony’s ass, and chemise style nightwear that would be transparent against the Omega’s skin. There were two robes, a lighter one for summer time and a warmer one for the winter, coordinating slippers for each and several pairs of ankle length pajama bottoms from satiny smooth to thicker cotton.
Bucky had to close his eyes and lock his entire body down so he wouldn’t react instinctive to the physical challenge of a fight. Alpha to Alpha, pound for pound he and Steve were evenly matched but Steve would be fighting for the sake of the Omega he loved which meant Bucky would be fighting for his
“Definitely yell a little louder about me having a sugar daddy, I don’t think the guy on the first floor heard you.” Tony scowled at him. “And
time Clint babysat Peter drank soda for the first time and had been wired for hours. He was hesitant about meeting Steve’s friends and not sure he’d be welcome at the party. And The Omega was really
, Bucky. Tony makes me happier than I’ve been in a really long time and I’m not going to give it up just cos you and your scary mate don’t like that he isn’t going home with me for Memorial Day or on the boat for the Fourth or ready to sit down and talk kids names. Leave it alone.”
“So speaking of spending money on things you insist we don’t need but I tend to disagree about…” Steve started conversationally, and when Tony started to protest, the Alpha laughed, “Baby, this isn’t about the car, I promise. I agree with you, this is New York, no one really needs a car when there’s a thousand taxis and services to drive us around. It’s fine, I’ve moved past that.”
“Once a week.” Tony repeated faintly. “Steve--”
“Yeah, no shit.” The words were harsh, but Tony’s dark eyes filled with tears. “I’m feeling real fucking stressed out right now. I-- I shouldn’t have even gone over to that side of town. I knew Pete had the sniffles, I should have come right home, shouldn’t have been spending any time with Steve. It’s not even our scheduled day, I should have had a
, aphrodisia seeping syrupy thick tendrils into his muscles and unlocking them one by one until he couldn’t feel anything except
“...Tash, I just found Steve’s boyfriend working in this nasty diner in the worst part of town and I sorta need’ta know why.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Steve lowered his voice towards a rumble just to feel the slight tremble in Tony’s frame as the Omega instinctively reacted to it. “Could I message you tonight, though?”
“Oh love, you had to return a gift from that Alpha so afford clothes for Pete?” She murmured, sad that their financial situation was so bad Tony felt like he couldn’t even accept
“Let me make something
“Sweetheart, I’m trying to tell you that I want you and I want this family no matter how it started or how it might end up. I want to spoil you to death and I want to spoil Pete until it gets ridiculous. I want to mate you up proper--”
“Then why would this be any different?” he shrugged. “Sounds to me like Steve has everything he wants and he’s giving you the space to decide if he’s what
as fit as Steve before the Alpha was sitting back and tugging the comfortable sweater over Tony’s shoulders and tossing it towards the window seat.
and Tony hadn’t corrected him, gifts in beautiful boxes and kisses that lingered tingling on Steve’s lips long after they’d parted. The Alpha vaguely remembered a
“Call me Steve.” The Alpha blurted, then cleared his throat and tried again. “I’d prefer if you called me Steve. Mr. Rogers seems very formal and also a little uh… after school specialty program? I feel like it sounds weird sometimes.”
“...goodnight, Alpha.”
Tony was almost frighteningly silent, eyes wide and cheeks pale, nails cutting into Steve’s hand where he held tight to his Alpha and just
“You’re damn--” The Alpha cut his eyes at Peter guiltily then corrected, “You’re gosh darn right couples do that sort of thing all the time
“Sure thing.” Tony scrambled up from the floor, tossing away a wrench and his goggles, wiping grease off his hands onto his holey jeans and immediately jogging over to pucker up for a slightly oil-smelling kiss. “How are you?”
“Look at
Peggy walked Tony out to the waiting Uber and after he’d tucked the small box of Peter’s extra blanket and a few more articles of his own clothing into the backseat, the Alpha grabbed him into another fierce hug, holding on tight to the young man she considered her
“Right.” Bucky cleared his throat. “And did’ja know he lives in a studio apartment just right up the street from there? Real piece of shit place with mold on the walls and rot in the floors and he can’t afford nothin’ more than that?”
“Bullshit.” Peggy snorted. “Your Alpha not wearing a condom during your heat is on
“I told you to eat, Omega.” The kitchen door swished again as Clint reappeared, and Tony dragged himself out of rapidly spiraling thoughts to try and smile at his friend. “You’re nothing but skin and bones. Here’s your money, put it in your pocket so it doesn’t get lost. The rats around here will snatch it and use it for a nest faster than you can blink.”
when the Alpha finally found some.
, precome pooling and spilling over his knuckles and he squeezed almost painfully tight to force himself to
“This is incredible.” Steve repeated, and when Tony beamed up at him, Steve lowered his voice to ask, “So, Archie
“GET OUT!”
“Multiple orgasms increases our chances too.” Steve sealed his lips to Tony’s nipple and suckled purposefully, nibbling just enough to make Tony shiver, matching the pull and twist of his tongue to each stroke of his hand up and down Tony’s cock. “Gonna come again while you’re plugged up full of me?”
His mate Natasha had insisted Steve couldn’t take Tony out for burgers because no one on
wanted aside and regardless of how little they’d seen of each other lately, Steve had invited him over to get to know the friend group so the Omega leaned away and repeated, “As ready as I’ll ever be. Let’s go.”
“It’s more important that I, the Omega, am living somewhere stable and safe and that Pete, the baby, is living somewhere stable and safe, than it is that we are living somewhere stable and safe together.” Tony’s lean shoulders sagged slightly. “If my Dad had told them ‘he can stay but the baby can’t’ the state would have adopted Peter out whether I wanted it or not. Staying on my own looks like I was
along those lines.
Clint kissed Tony before he left, nuzzling and purring at the other Omega before swaggering his way past the two practically drooling Alphas and down to the Uber Tony had insisted on calling for him, and Tony muffled a laugh into his hand as Bucky and Nat almost fell off the stairs trying to follow.
“Sure sure.” Tony patted at his soft tummy and frowned again. “But Pete is
kissing the Alpha goodbye at Steve’s house. Their kisses lingered longer and longer, the texts on the drive home changed from simply checking in to continuing whichever conversation had been interrupted by curfew, and whenever Tony’s heart got a little carried away, whenever he started feeling uncertain about the arrangement and not sure if he was doing the right thing, the Omega pulled out his box of bills from beneath the bed and tapped each and every one of the paid stickers before recounting the steadily growing stack of money hidden in the bottom.
“It took a lot out of me.” Steve admitted. “I enlisted because I thought it was the right thing to do, I didn’t set out to be a super soldier or even a team leader, it just sort of happened. These guys made me a good Captain, but when it was over, I was done. I was done being a soldier and I hope I never have to join up again. I’d much rather paint all day and spend my nights…well, with
reared up in the Alpha’s core thinking about Tony and Pete running around on rotted out floors and trying to live in a place with leaking windows and water damage and he had to work not to growl as he repeated, “Nobody was fine in that place, Tony. I’m gonna get you outta there. You and Pete, you’ll-- you’ll be fine.”
Hope colored the Alpha’s rosewood scent
“Oh shit, it's nine thirty.” The Alpha caught the time as they eased away from a bruising, biting kiss and swore under his breath. “Sweetheart, you've got to get going, I'm sorry. I lost track of time.”
He swept his shaggy hair back from his ears so they could see the hearing aid. “I can’t imagine you guys want to take on a project Omega so if
, because he was desperate to do something to help and all he could do was send money and hope Tony was feeling well enough to use it. “Order some bulk supplies to get you through the next few weeks, put in a few days worth of take out orders, pay a few utility bills, I don’t really care. Just use my card and get yourself squared away.”
how afraid he is and now you won’t let me see him? What’s going on!”
know any of that unless you were following him?”
It was
to the dinner invitation and while the Omega put his foot down about Steve inviting
“Tash, who’ve you got there?” Bucky crouched down next to Natasha’s chair and crooned at Peter encouragingly. “Hey there big guy. I’m Bucky and I’m the cool Uncle no matter what Sam says when you meet him. Wanna c’mere and say hi?”
Steve blinked a few times, and the other Alpha snarled in frustration, “Keep lookin’ at me all shocked at me being nice for once in my life, and I’ll full on punch you in the face. Just-- just start with the sugar baby thing and go from there. At least try.
“Yeah.” Steve’s hold at Tony’s waist gentled but didn’t fall away, the Alpha tracing slow circles into Tony’s lower back, playing with the lace where it lay against the distractingly bare skin. “Valkyrie’s not even the craziest one. You ready for this?”
Omega, any
Tony sucked in a quick breath and Steve swallowed, “The longer we’re doing...
Steve walked into the living room at the same time Tony was returning from upstairs and he stopped to just
“I’m serious.” This time the Alpha
“O--okay.” Steve really was smitten over this Omega, tongue tied and tripping over his words as he reached to hold Tony’s hand again. “Thank you.”
it was his birthday, right? Fourth of July?”
about seeing someone in.”
“Hi again.” Clint looked
Tony was crying silent tears now, trying and failing to hide them in his coffee as he watched his baby with the man he called
“Despite the rampant rumours, I’m not half as freaky as people think. Doing it in the back of my favorite car would be incredible.” Tony squeezed at Steve’s fingers again. “Now it’s your turn. What’s your fantasy?”
as he panted through a few breaths. “Tony, could I scent you?
into his core, the squelch of slick and lube on their thighs almost obscene as Steve sank in and in and Tony couldn’t breathe for the sheer
me and you?” Steve waggled his eyebrows. “I love that idea. It actually sort of brings me to the next thing I wanted to talk about.”
The Omega thought for a moment, about the clothes he didn’t need anymore now that Steve had provided them, the groceries the Alpha had insisted he buy for another few weeks while Tony was still trying to catch up from being sick, the bills that had been paid on time already and should be paid with no issue next month. He didn’t necessarily
. “Come on now!”
offered up and on display for him.
“Remind me before you leave tonight and I’ll order them for you.” Steve shut the door to the bedroom and made his way round the room to turn off most of the lights, leaving only a few on to set the mood. Then he stripped off his belt, tugged his shirt off his shoulders and tossed it away, bent to take his socks off--
“You were looking to catch me in a lie so you could tell Steve to dump me?” Tony accused, but there wasn’t any real heat in the words. “You and your scary mate could tell I wasn’t being honest and you wanted to know the truth? All I did was leave Pete sleeping for two minutes in our locked apartment while I ran down the street to give Peggy a few extra dollars for her prescription! I’m not a bad parent for that! You have no right to barge in here and be nosy and disrupt our lives and--”
“That was like the second date.” Tony pointed out, apple blossom scent lightening like
Steve still hesitated, and just as Tony was cursing himself for being
biological instincts to reject someone else’s kid. Alpha-Alpha pairs have a hard time even adopting if the child isn’t a brand new newborn baby and blended families almost never work because the new Alpha in the family has a hard time considering the kids theirs. Peter’s almost three. It’s almost unheard of for an Alpha to adopt or accept a kid that age and it’s not like Steve knows about Pete and has had a chance to get used to it. We’ve been doing this almost five months now and he’d be blindsided by it. I’ve been
. What’s a good present for you, what do you really want?”
“What--” Tony frowned. “What does that have to do with anything? Why does that matter? Can we leave please? Peter’s fever is down, we should be able to leave. Where are his discharge papers?”
“I just wanted to do something special for you.” Tony crossed his feet at the ankle, smoothed the skirt down past his knee and folded his hands in his lap. “I thought you might like me a little made up.”
to struggle and nobody wants to help someone they think is willingly struggling and dependent on the system.”
“Rings?” Tony pulled out the step ladder so he could reach the waffle maker on the top shelf. “Why rings?”
“Oh my god.” Tony threw a spoon at the back of the big Omega’s head. “Stop that.”
“That’s almost verbatim what your mate asked me.” Tony kept a little distance between himself and the big Alpha, leaning against the hallway door and folding his arms tight over his body. He believed Steve when the blond insisted Bucky had only the best intentions, right in his heart the Omega believed the Command had been used in a moment of panic as Bucky tried to rectify a situation he hadn’t really understood or even expected.
It was more difficult than Tony expected to open the door and physically step back into his old life. It had been a long weekend at Steve’s townhome, calling out of work so he could spend three wonderfully relaxed days with Peter, food and snacks whenever he wanted and luxurious wine at the ready, a bed so soft Tony was asleep within seconds at night and slow kisses over a perfectly prepared cup of coffee in the morning and now Tony had to physically step
at my place?”
“And there’s proof right there that this was meant to work out.” Steve watched with near adoration as the Omega took another and then another mushroom. “I forgot how to breathe when I saw your picture
“Natasha’s been holding him for the past fifteen minutes.” The Omega informed him, laughing softly when Bucky’s scent
and the security guards scrambled back to give him room and the entire staff watched in shock as the big blond crouched down by the shaking Omega and reached for his hands.
And in Tony’s bag his phone buzzed once, twice without either Alpha or Omega noticing.
!” Tony yelped when the big blond just snatched the phone and zoomed in on Steve Roger’s picture. “Clint! Give that back!”
decided I couldn’t come home.” The Omega was quick to counter, and Steve so admired him for not even wavering. “
—- of Tony taking a bag of trash from the diner out to the dumpster at the street.
It felt good to admit it, and the Alpha said it again softer, “I was
“Twenty questions?” Steve asked, and Tony swiped a piece of green chili off the top of his burger before nodding, “That seems like a good idea.”
While Peter was having fun sprinkling cheese over the noodles, Tony wiped his hand and reached for his phone, humming and bouncing Peter gently as he read the message.
“Of course.”
in that sentence. Which parent said that before kicking you out to fend for yourself?”
*********
He hated this job. He hated the crappy shifts and the low pay and the unsafe location that brought all manner of unsafe clients to the twenty four hour diner. He hated that as an unmated Omega he wasn’t considered valid for any job other than waitressing or housekeeping and he hated that he couldn’t afford the bus or subway fare to a nicer workplace so he had to work
“Love you, Bug.” Tony kissed both Peter’s cheeks and tucked him in lovingly. “Night night.”
“Not yet.” Steve kissed Archie’s nose, then leaned over and kissed Tony on the nose as well. “But stay tuned, sweetheart.”
he’d grown up in the city,
Tony’s smile wasn’t visible but his eyes sparked in absolute
It was all terrible, but if this is what it took to start dating and ease some of his loneliness, then this is what Steve would do. He hadn't been able to stop looking at Tony’s picture all day and even though the Omega had waited until three am to message him back, Steve’s heart had still skipped a whole beat when his phone dinged with the notification.
“I’m just overwhelmed.” Tony nearly whispered, and there was a sound like a door was closing as if he’d stepped into another room. “I don’t feel good, I have to work a lot in the next few weeks to make up what I missed in tips and I don’t know how I’ll be feeling after that. If I promise to text you and keep you updated…?”
“On that note, I’m going to go have a chat with the manager.” Steve eased back from the hug and ran his hands down Tony’s arms gently. “You go pick out something else you like and we’ll get this taken care of, okay?”
Steve was cleaning up in the kitchen while Tony locked the door and went up to make sure Peggy and Pete had found everything for bed, and when the Omega came back downstairs, he slipped up behind his Alpha and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, pressing up to the blond’s strong back and snuggling close.
get in there and take care of them. Call me when you’re ready to talk.”
It was
******
********
gettin’ growly with them now! You’ll scare them so you gotta calm the fuck down!”
“Yeah, I’ll just be another second.” Tony called, and once Steve went back down the hallway, Tony rolled to his side and stood up on unsteady legs to gather his clothes. His core was twinging with each step towards the bathroom and once inside, he didn’t look in the mirror at his still flushed cheeks and destroyed hair as he re-wet the wash cloth and wiped down between his thighs but when Tony went to step back into his underwear, the Omega paused and shivered with the memory of the way Steve’s voice had gone hoarse and
“They might need tailoring.” Steve spoke up over a mouthful of mashed potatoes when Tony inspected a pair of jeans. “Try them on and let me know and I’ll take you to my suit guy, or just have him come here.”
!ed in appreciation at how much better it was than diner coffee. “How were his friends?”
about it, and Tony’s mouth parted in surprise. “Did you really think it would matter to me where you lived or worked? Even from just a sugar relationship point of view, it wouldn’t have mattered beyond maybe me upping your allowance to make sure you could get into something better, but you and I are-- we are--”
“Hostility much?” Bucky frowned at his friend but obediently removed his feet. “What’s with the marathon cleaning, you just had that crew in here t’vacuum your drapes and fluff your pillows or whatever other hoity toity stuff you rich people do. Why are you going batshit with a feather duster and why aren’t you wearin’ a French maid outfit while doin’ it? I feel like I’m missin’ out on a free show here.”
By the time he returned, Clint had taken over one of the cleaner booths with his pile of food, and Tony hurried over to meet him, sliding into the booth and budging up close to his friend.
“I know you did.” Steve paused at the bottom of the stairs to his front door and blew out a short breath, steeling himself to go in and say goodbye to the Omega when he hadn’t even gotten to kiss him yet and would have to wait another week for a proper date. “And I love you for it, I do. You gonna keep your mate from skewering Tony?”
“Mmmm.” The Omega nodded tiredly. “Barney’s been a real dick lately, talkin’ bout kicking me out if he and this new Beta girl wanna live together. I’m stressed as hell.”
thirty. But it doesn’t have anything to do with your looks, I bet you’d be this pretty at fifty and sixty too.”
Tony only had three dollars to last him until the next shift at the diner and no, the Omega didn’t want to laugh at the ludicrousy of it all, he wanted to throw his head back and
"That's my cue to go." Tony says and clicks on him. Bruce things over that maybe he would have to go to New York.
"What's wrong Bruce?" he asked.
"You agreed to come to Smallville."
"I…I can hold him." Steve said looking at Tony's head that was swinging behind Bruce's back. Tony squinted at him and gave him a drunken smile.
“Yes, Jarvis what is it?” Steve asked.
“Jarvis, how many do we have?” Steve asked.
"I'm fine." Bruce told him, but Clark heard Bruce's heart make a flip and it gave him confidence.
"You threw the smoke bomb."
"You're paying for my dry cleaning, JARVIS?" Bruce told him dryly. They, well Bruce walked with a drunk Tony toward the lights JARVIS lit for him. He left the room and everyone was looking at each other.
In the funeral Tony sees how direly similar it is to Bruce's parent's funeral with fake smiles and people keep saying 'Sorry, for your loss.' It gets really annoying. Obadiah Stane like the man that ran Wayne Enterprises is standing behind him.
"I wonder how he got here." Darcy asked.
"Really, you had a party and didn't invite me?" he says and Bruce turns around to see him.
"Good thing you still get to go with me to Gotham next month." Tony tells him.
"What's up Darce?" Clint said.
“I believe he needs to tell you,” Alfred said. He left Clark standing there and he began to get more worried. At that moment he heard laughter it was a young boy, he began to walk until he got to the main room and still heard the laughter, and he looked up and saw a little boy on the chandelier.
"I had to asked Pepper and Rhodes." Steve told him. "They were both very shocked but very happy. It was a bit awkward."
"We'll be there Alfred." Tony said. They both got up and walked over to the dining room. Tony sees that Bruce and Steve are already sitting there and they seemed to be talking.
The kiss was perfect, it was heat, but also all of their emotions were put into it. Since they were years of UST in that kiss. Clark licked Bruce's bottom lip before Bruce opened it letting him in. Clark explored Bruce's mouth and maybe it was the possessive part of him that he didn't like to explore but he felt like marking Bruce telling everyone else, who he belonged too. They both separated and Clark couldn't help but noticed the bruised lips that Bruce had.
"You're getting married today." Alfred said reminding him.
"I'm with you." Steve tells him.
"Is it true you're dating Bruce Wayne?" Lois asks. Tony begins to laugh and Clark looks at him.
"Hey Cap what you doing here?" Tony asked putting his wrench down.
"You didn't know who Clark was?" Steve asked.
"Both of you stop it; we have to make sure that you are better so we can get back to Gotham." Pepper told them both.
The party went on for hours and everyone was having fun, both sets of grooms were spinning around and being a bit clumsy for show. When it was time for them to leave everyone was cheering and throwing winks at them.
"Oh Darcy told me about that." Steve told him.
"I shall hope not." Bruce told him.
“We are contacting SHIELD, to let them know we found a survivor,” Natasha told them. Steve couldn’t separate from the child as he was not letting go, it ended with Steve holding the little boy in his lap as Bruce was checking him over. Tony was looking at his husband and felt something weird.
"Lots of things are on my mind that is not a very smart question." Tony said.
"I know, if he was well I don't think Tony wouldn't have brought him here." Bruce tells Clark who just smiles at him and gave him a kiss that had Bruce surprised. "What's that for?" he asked Clark once he let him go.
“Now Ladies and Gentlemen, to the Greatest of our show the deadliest of the action.” Harley said. He kept going and Bruce looked up to see that there wasn’t a net.
"So, Brucie, how does it feel teaming up with the Man of Steel?" he asked teasingly.
"Yes, he and Master Steve left for a morning run."
"Right." Tony says.
"So, how did it go with the Captain?"
“Peter, where are you?” Steve asked but he was smiling. He could hear laughing in the other end of the couch.
"So we have Fury put in some of his agents." Tony told Bruce. "I mean since Steve and I are getting married they won't be questioning you for having them there."
"We'll see." Bruce told him.
"It's Bruce at home Captain Rogers." Bruce told him.
Clark was really happy as he drove to Kent Farm with Bruce next to him.
"Now!" Steve says in his Captain America voice.
"Tony, it's just." Pepper says. "I can't handle seeing you almost get killed every time."
"Seriously, okay I get that Steve doesn't know him or Thor but you guys don't recognize him."
"Hello, Alfred, where are we going."
"He understands." Bruce tells him.
"My aren't you in a terrible mood, what did your sheep run away?" Lois taunts. But Clark doesn't pay attention as the private plane arrives. The first one to come out is Pepper Potts. The second one is Tony and he is flashy playing for the camera as if he owns it.
"I got called in by Coulson and threatened." Steve says with surprise.
"There will be no turning back after this; I am not an easy man to live with." Bruce told him.
"You won't be stopping him if you fall asleep on the job." Clark told him. "Just rest for a few hours than you can come back okay, I could help you…" Bruce glared. "If you want my help I'm not telling you, you needed it." Clark knew that sometimes he needed to be careful when he offered his help to Bruce even if they were dating.
"Yes." Clark told him because really after kissing him like that.
Tony was driving toward Lex Corp mostly because he wanted this to be finished as soon as possible and he could get back to Avenger's Tower with Steve and the team.
Nah nah nah, Bucky wanted to like the bright eyed Omega but he couldn’t like anyone who would end up breaking Steve’s heart. His friend had survived almost fifteen years of deployment, he’d even survived a helicopter shot out of the sky and crashing into the desert sand, but Steve would
Tony hid his smile in the soft fabric of Steve’s shirt, and pinched at the Alpha’s side a little bit. “Birthday and Christmas will be fun.”
“You’re okay?” The Alpha repeated dumbly, shell shocked by everything he’d found, stunned as the pieces started falling into place to form a sad,
of food in before another eight hour shift. “If you say so. Text me when you get off tonight?”
“Tony’s schedule isn’t very flexible.” The Alpha hedged. “He made a comment about his life being more complicated than I realized and that’s why he’s strict about the two weeks between dates and I’m trying to respect that.”
, my mate.” Steve forced Tony into his arms that time, held onto Peter tight but held onto Tony tighter, arm like a steel band at Tony’s waist so the Omega wouldn’t pull away and try to grieve by himself. “Come
The Alpha was so fit, so good looking and Tony would
, do you understand? Right there.”
, and now I know anything too clunky or fancy out on your wrist just doesn’t work, so I won’t make the mistake again. It’s fine, Tony. I’m only upset at how they treated you, not at anything else.”
“That sounds awful but uh—“ Bucky ran his tongue over the edge of his fangs. “Maybe I’ll skip the reservation and come in just to see
“I’m making sure you know just where we stand before you tell me whatever you need to tell me.” the Alpha explained softly, wiping at an errant tear as it escaped the corner of Tony’s eye. “I’m making sure you know that no matter what you say next, I missed you while I was gone and I am so happy to see you today and
dollar bills it was still more than Clint would make in tips all weekend and the stack had looked like
“We really really are, but it's your own damn fault for staying friends with us.” Bucky licked over his fangs and purred teasingly at the exasperated blond. “Seriously though. Enough with the cleaning. The Omega isn’t going to care about how your house looks, you live in Brooklyn Heights for Christ’s sakes. You have a kitchen bigger than most people’s apartments and a bedroom that overlooks the water so you can get romantic and shit to the rhythm of the waves. Is this guy staying the night?”
, wide eyed and lips parted expectantly as Steve murmured husky,  “Tony, that’s the color you blush when I’m all the way inside you and you’re just-- just
“Soda!”
“I wasn’t following him on purpose, but I was in that part’a town and saw him and--” Bucky made a vague gesture. “I couldn’t figure out what was going on so I follow him to the place and then broke into the apartment--”
all that didn’t mean it was easy facing someone who had taken away his free will for a few terrifying moments and Tony had to steel himself when those pale eyes locked onto his.
“Everything okay?”
“Yeah.” Tony tilted his head and listened as Peter discovered the windows in the sitting area and chattered excitedly about a bird he saw in the distance. “Yeah, I know.”
on my mind.”
of you too.”
good things about this apartment and as the Omega knocked on Apartment 465, both of those things were waiting on the other side of the door.
Alphas--”
************
“Okay but I um…” Tony plucked at his shirt uncomfortably, smoothed down the apron at his waist and lowered his voice further so none of the diner patrons would hear them. “Clint, I’m not pretty enough to be a sugar baby. Maybe before having Pete, but afterwards--”
“Clearly.” Tony swallowed, then swallowed again when he still couldn’t draw a full breath. “I didn’t think I’d run into you in this park either. You never came here once with me and Mama, why are you here now?”
“Me too!” Steve held a wriggly, over excited Peter over to give Tony a wet kiss on the cheek, then the Alpha dropped a kiss on the other side and they were off again in a flash, talking over loud about finding that promised car bed and huge boxes of snackies and
It wasn’t the
He was in a good mood this morning, a
the shagging.” Clint tossed the dishes in the sink, hesitated when he heard a plate break, then shrugged and carried on with his day. “I don’t even have a kid, but if I met an Alpha willing to sit and play with my baby, I’d be jumping their bones. Jumping their bones and riding them like a damn pony.”
in this position, but the Omega never let himself think that, never let himself linger on the
“I mean, he buys you things, does mouth stuff without asking for reciprocation
“Stop.” Steve cut in, and the Omega cringed. It hurt to admit his shortcomings out loud, to confess that he couldn’t feed himself and if Steve was irritated about it….
like Sam and Diana and Bucky, they were nearly petite but somehow scary all the same. Even the Omega Scott who joked and teased and hugged Tony right off the bat scented like war and wariness, even the pocket sized Natasha with her bright red hair and jeweled green eyes shuttered
“Bosses don’t want to hire Omegas.” The Alpha had to work hard to ignore the burble of
clothes, bright colored cute patterned
A particle board dresser was wedged next to the bed and filling still open drawers and stacked in neat rows on top the dresser-- clothes.
“I’m here.” Steve jumped down the last several steps and skidded his way back to Tony. The Omega was still sprawled on the floor, shirt up by his waist and dark red panties on full display, one knee bent and the other leg stretched out invitingly like Tony was making
make Mr. Rogers jokes while I’m trying to get up in you like this, do you understand? Number one bedroom rule. No Mr. Rogers jokes when I’ve got you naked.”
“Pete.” Steve switched the griddle off, glanced at Tony for quick permission, then crouched onto the floor and held out his hand for the toddler. “Hey big guy. Do you want a bed that goes beep beep? We could get you a car bed with wheels and a steering wheel and have races before bed?”
“Uh.. yes.”
Bronco last sex night.”
“I want cake.” Peter spoke up from the door way, rubbing at his eyes still sleepy, stuffed animal clutched tight and feetie jammies just a size too big and bagging at his knees. “Breakfast cake.”
But then a split second belatedly-- “Oh no, a condom--” but the Omega nearly slurred, “Alpha, if I was worried about that I wouldn’t have seduced you in the shower.”
It was
“A few months ago isn’t serious enough to meet the parents.” Steve answered smoothly. “So no, it hasn’t come up yet.”
to promise to stay in contact with me.” Steve murmured, pained. “That’s not what I was trying to make you do, I just can’t shake the feeling that you aren’t telling me something and if it’s none of my business then that’s just fine but I um--”
and took him to a table that was always reserved just for he and his dad, or he and his friends.
“Look at you.” Steve was practically shaking with the effort of holding back as he coaxed Tony’s legs open wider, practically salivating over the sight of lacy panties barely containing Tony’s cock, wiry curls over the edge of the narrow cut thong and a damp stain on the rose gold lingerie where Tony was twitching,
The Omega frowned at his side reflection. “Peggy, is it obvious I’ve had a kid? Are my hips a little too wide, my tummy a little too round? Clint insists I’m pretty enough to be a sugar baby but--”
as tall as Bucky and staring the Alpha down nose to nose. “What about it?”
--and like they always seemed to do when moments that the
“Of course he is.”  Peggy cursed again. “And now you’re traumatized to the point of not being sure if you can even be intimate with someone because of it.”
survive a broken heart.
for our night tomorrow?”
So far all the ‘
. They had said
“I think we’re going to be okay.” he said into the quiet room, and Peter on snuffled tiredly at him. “We might just be okay, Pete.”
“Please yes, I would love if started talking so I would just shut the hell up.” Steve pleaded. “What did you want to say?”
and let him in to taste.
have a school dress code related conversation later but for right now let’s--”
The Alpha made a noise of
“Is it?” Steve wanted to know, and the question was like balm at Tony’s bruised, beaten down heart. “Cos it doesn’t seem all that different to me. Stay, and we can talk about this in the morning after everyone's had a good night’s sleep.”
when the Omega bent over to pick up a pillow that fell over and that well rounded rear presented itself for a brief moment of perusal.
, but couldn’t seem to make himself care. “And it didn’t do you justice. Mr. Carbonell, you are stunning.”
“Awkward Aardvark?”
The table of Alphas was still laughing when Tony ducked into the kitchen, the noise carrying over the cash register counter and ringing loud
“Yeah, I’m gonna break his nose for that.” Steve said calmly, blue eyes ringing red for a blink that told the Omega he was dead serious about it. “Bucky’s a good person and a stand up Alpha but he’s got all the tact of a goddamn
“Sure.”
“Because we’re both stuck in this shitty place until life decides to cut us a break, so we’ve gotta pass the time by being
Steve flushed darker red. “I mean, you know why I don’t finish in you all the way.”
“My life would have to slow to a snail’s pace before I let an Alpha be inconveniently chivalrous.” Tony didn’t notice the way Steve was staring as he meandered towards the kitchen for a glass of the wine he
loved the watch…?
as he drawled, “An Omega so pretty could only be
. There was no aftercare, I texted him later and he said he’d just left me sleeping, that he figured the heat had worn me out and he even--”
Tony lay on the bed as long as he dared, past the sound of Steve getting water and past the sound of food being delivered and Steve coming to knock on the door and let him know.
have done the damage to our relationship.” Tony’s fangs made an appearance as he nearly snarled. “
“I will make fun of you for everything from how high you wear your pants to the way you thought socks and sandals were acceptable beach attire, but I’d never make fun of you for this sort of thing.” Tony promised, then lifted Steve’s hand to kiss his knuckles and settled it down low on his own stomach. “So tell me, if we were having a kid, what would you want to name him?”
Tony was stunned silent, sure he’d misheard. “Wait… what?”
“It’s for you and Pete.” Steve repeated, picking up the receipt and tucking it into the envelope again, handing it back to the stunned Omega. “It’s for you and your future. You’re listed as a co-owner on the account, Peter is the beneficiary. It’s your money.”
“I--” The Omega blinked a few times, heart sinking towards his toes at the blatant rejection.
“Heya sweetheart.” Steve twisted around in Tony’s arms so they could kiss, cradling Tony’s face in soapy hands and sealing their mouths together. “
“Oh please.” Tony stammered, his hand a blur as it flew over his cock and rushed him closer. “Please please please please--
at the Omega’s bonding spot and his chest tightened with longing when Tony instinctively turned his head to bare his throat for more. “Or do you need something to wear for the night?”
“If I was with Steve more.” Tony repeated, scrubbing at his face as a few tears fell. “You mean if I was whoring myself out to my sugar daddy more often instead of working a full time job, I’d be making better money with less hours and would be home with Peter more? Is that what you’re saying?”
*******
begging, she’d taught Bucky to make it as well. The dish had scored Bucky his
“Cos other than online dating, which I’m definitely not doing, I can’t imagine--”
“And just now the nurse at Urgent Care made it sound like it was
moan. “Golly sweetheart, you sure look pretty tonight.”
“Wait.” Tony looked around again, at the dozens of colors and spots
“I think he expected me to go through with the abortion and show back up by the end of the week.” Tony’s fingers were trembling as he sipped at his water. “But I wasn’t there. I never went back. I never even talked to him again.”
Tony even kept their bedroom spick and span, putting toys away just as soon as Pete moved on from it, making sure the bed was made every single morning and that their clothes were folded in the dresser and not taking up too much space in the closet.
checked the design to make sure it was still exactly perfect.
“Tony.” Bucky ran his hands through his long hair, pushed it back away from his eyes and tried hard not to let a growing
“Why not?” the Alpha asked and
“I would doubt your skills at ambiance less if you hadn't nearly had a melt down while wearing a tie for all of fifteen minutes on our first date.” Tony informed him as he backed out of the kitchen with arms full of dishes and little fangs gleaming as he giggled again. “Candles seem like a stretch when you
technically kidnapped me.”
that Tony was procrastinating buying more permanent items for Peter and putting off adding to the grocery list because the Omega really hadn’t been sure about staying, about the permanence of their situation or the stability of the abrupt life change that had landed them here in Brooklyn Heights.
“God, if it weren’t so true, I’d be jealous of them.” Bucky had one more kiss for the love of his life, then asked,. “I’m gonna hafta be really extra charming to win Clint over, ain’t I?”
“Sweet dreams, my Omega.”
“Oh yeah?” Tony glanced around the room with renewed interest. “So the bookshelf with the unreadable books, the buffet with generic landscape pictures, the white couch and coordinating easy chairs-- what, it's all page forty seven from a furniture catalog?”
The Omega blinked a few times. “I didn’t expect that to be the first thing you said just now.”
“Babydoll.” Steve found a silky chemise high under Tony’s dress and more lace beneath his fingertips, warm and damp, stretching taut over the length of Tony’s cock, and his voice bottomed out somewhere near a growl-- “Are you
through a growl. “Do
“...heaven help us.”
when it came to Social Security Numbers. “Why would that exclude you from getting help?”
“Sorry, you used a
“Okay.” Bucky shrugged, nonplussed. “So invite him out tonight. We’re all here, it’d be nice to meet him. Invite him out.”
He pointed towards the radio. “–that’s my favorite song playing on the same sort of radio that my Ma had in our living room, and you’re here wearing the kind of pretty things a fella could only
“I can imagine it just fine.” Tony answered quietly, and Steve had another uncomfortable moment of realizing he didn’t know the whole story, or at least that
“I would
“What are you wearing?”
was about, but he wanted to get ahead of it anyway. “I appreciate it, I do. And I know we’re friends and even a little bit more than that and I know you’re a good Alpha and want to do the right thing but--”
when Tony squealed and the floral scent bumped in laughter.
“How’d you sleep?” Steve interrupted, his lips moving at Tony’s temple as he budged a kiss at the Omega’s hairline. “Is the bed comfy?”
“Beep beep.” Peter struggled himself up from the floor and headed right for Steve, stuffed animal held out in front of him as he approached the Alpha and then snuggled right into Steve’s side, tucking in close and holding up his toy to share. “Beep beep car?”
“Mr Carbonell.” Steve hooked an arm around Peter’s waist when the toddler got a little too excited and nearly fell over, but paused to wink at Tony. “I sure hope you do.”
them. “I’ve got some friends coming into town tonight and I was hoping to get a reservation at your place. I hear you’ve got good food there.”
“Steve.” Peter was coughing harder and Tony’s anxiety ratcheted up a few notches. “Aren’t you worried about me just going crazy and buying stupid things on your card?”
there was something of a disconnect, that it was
, curving those big shoulders in around Tony's little frame and when  Tony's knees automatically opened, the Alpha pressed in closer, drove the kiss deeper until Tony open mouth
mind every night with Peter, so he only smiled and budged in for a kiss. “Okay then.”
“--I’ve got you--”
never even use one of those on you, and you and me are in lo--”
And then softer, almost ashamed, with a waver of self recrimination that made Steve want to hunt down the Alpha that knocked Tony up and
The Omega had tried so hard for so long to make their tiny little studio livable, comfortable and cozy and clean but when the door swung open slow on cracked, stubborn hinges, Tony put his hand to his mouth and had to close his eyes for a moment.
“Don’t look so upset.” Tony poked Steve in the side when the Alpha looked like
because he was just so tired.
in love with you.”
“It really is.” Steve smiled reflexively, fangs covered and tone tempered appropriately. “I’m uh-- I’m glad you like it.”
“I know.” Steve’s voice was hushed,
, and as soon as Steve could talk again without snarling he broke away from the flurry of kisses and bent to mouth worship into Tony’s ears and down his throat, “Pretty Omega, such a sweet Omega, that was so good, you are so
Tony pulled the covers up to his face and tried not to cry when Steve fit the ring onto his fourth finger, but the Alpha pulled the covers right back down and kissed his little mate over and over until the taste of tears was gone and all they shared was
“Clint!”
“You can’t
“You laid my clothes out on the bed for me?” Steve ignored the sass and sucked Tony’s earlobe into his mouth, teeth sharp and tongue
“Oh shit!” Peter said then, clear as day and loud as hell and Steve went very
“Cheating.” Tony repeated flatly. “For my super hunky boyfriend with the stamina of a herd of stallions to engage in a little movie related voyeurism while touching himself with his own hand in the privacy of his own room.”
He shut up again when Steve kissed him square on the mouth, moving to carefully cradle Tony’s face in both hands and dragging the kiss out long, searching, and
with him cos he’d known the mated pair was interested in him but this was… this was…
“And I think Pete should call you Papa.”
an asshole. And further more, as you so indelicately announced earlier, I have boobs, Bucky. I don’t have to
“It’s one of his rules.”
The slip tore between Steve’s fingers, shredded with no effort from the super soldier and the panties did much the same thing, disintegrating in a haze of lust and pure want. On a normal night Steve would have wanted to keep the lingerie on and cherished Tony but tonight he wanted Tony
“That’s it–that’s it– that’s it–!” Steve tossed his head back and shouted in release when he finally broke, when the clutch of Tony’s channel around him was too much to resist and he couldn’t hold himself back any longer. “That’s it baby, take all of me, all of me!”
out of their clothes.
.” Steve opened the door for the Uber and waited until Tony was in and settled before asking, “Two weeks?”
, I’m only seeing you. I barely made it through our date without making an idiot of myself, there’s no way I could handle multiple attempts all with different people.”
“Trust me, the tie is really that bad.” The Alpha switched the bag of food to the other hand so he could offer his arm for Tony as they stepped from the sidewalk into the street. “You don’t mind if I dress down a little, do you?”
“It didn’t hurt, nothing you ever do hurts.” Tony pushed up into the next kiss at his mouth, wove his fingers into Steve’s hair and pushed the soldier down his body, not letting up until he felt a soft kiss turned
focus the binos in closer when Clint bent to pick up a fallen stack of menus and flashed a view of a supremely great ass. “Has a great laugh and real cute fangs.”
that sort of roleplay, then decided he didn’t want Tony to kick him in the shins and suggested instead, “I could see that. But uh-- how’s Steve with it? Does he seem less horny--”
“Alpha!” Tony’s jaw dropped. “
“I’m sorry about all this.” Steve said after she had gone, picking up Tony’s hand and kissing the Omega’s knuckles. “But I’m not sorry it worked out that I got to see you again. It’s early for dinner, but I painted right through lunch and am pretty hungry. Want to stop and get a bite to eat?”
“With what?” Steve looked around the rarely used living room and sighed. “With knowing that finally giving in to football night being held at my place means my couch will be immediately destroyed, my TV might not survive Natasha and that I’ll be cleaning barbecue sauce and chip crumbs out of my carpet for the next two months?”
***********
“I thought you were lyin’ to my best friend.” Bucky argued half heartedly. “I thought you were gonna break my best friends heart so
“Not in the least.” Tony spread his hands at Steve’s flat stomach, dragged his palms up the muscled abdomen and over Steve’s chest then grabbed at Steve’s shirt collar with both hands and yanked his boyfriend right down until they were eye to eye, nose to nose. “Oh, I’m not making fun of you in the least.”
“Good?” Steve bit down again, tentatively, testing out the salt of Tony’s skin on his tongue, nosing at the neckline of the slip before tugging it down to lap over a pebbled nipple. “Like this?”
Steve shouted with laughter and wrestled Tony in close, covered him in kisses and then grabbed at the blankets to  keep Tony warm.
Tony couldn’t muster the energy for an audible thank you, just took the water and drank it obediently.
“I’ll be careful.” Tony bent to kiss the tiny woman’s cheek. “Thank you, Peggy.”
“Do you like it?” Still almost shy, a splash of sweet pink painting across Tony’s cheeks. “I couldn’t decide between this color or that shade of blue you like so much or maybe even red cos sometimes you say–”
Somewhere in the middle of the kitchen appliance aisle-- Tony had always wanted a panini maker and now that there was three of them in the house, a crockpot would be nice too-- the Omega received a text that only TEDDY BEAR and he sighed, shook his head and began pushing the cart that way.
covering Tony with every kiss and grasp and soft soft moan.
did that. I was a child and I was terrified and
The Sugar Seeking Sugar app hadn’t left much room in the profile for personal information. All the questions had been related to how much money a sugar baby needed or a sugar daddy was willing to spend, openness to sexual encounters, age in relevance to drinking and what their favorite alcohol was.
“Why’s that?” Steve was almost afraid to ask, not sure what he thought the issue would be, not even sure what sort of thing beyond not being a legal citizen would even
until Tony was rocking forward trying to meet him half way and urging him faster, panting into messy kisses and cutting his fangs into the Alpha’s skin until Steve was littered with bites and groaning, demanding
once Tony confirmed that yes their relationship wasn’t about the arrangement for him anymore just like it clearly hadn’t been about the benefits for Steve for a while now. “Then stay.”
“B-Bucky used a Command on me.” Tony was so
would Tony love to hear that
“Sweetheart?” Steve straightened up from the bed, leaving the Omega naked and wet, sprawled out on the bed beneath him.
Peter started babbling a string of nonsense about colors and pancakes, and Steve just kept watching Tony, staring up at the Omega with adoration and affection and understanding reflected in his blue eyes.
, I never thought doing dishes together could count as foreplay, but here I am excited about it anyway.”
“Nah nah nah, I’m serious! You can have my money! I’ll just paint all day and you can lay around looking pretty and it’ll be fine.” Steve decided. “It will be fine. We are meant to be together, Omega. You can be my Mona Lisa and I’ll be your Da Vinci.”
And beyond all that-- Tony
behind their eyes as Steve rutted forward and forward trying to keep his mate full, pheromone laced blood like sugar pouring down his throat.
. Couples who spy together stay together.” Bucky laughed when his mate rolled her eyes. “C’mon it’ll be our couples activity for the week. We decided those were important since we’re workin’ separate now, you know?”
“Were you painting?” the question was muffled into Steve’s shirt and he glanced down in surprise-- “How did you know?”
flitting across Steve’s face. “And how would
“Tony.” Steve wrapped both arms around the Omega and held him tight as he finished, rocking into the sweet body and groaning through each pulse of his cock. He was half out of his mind with the need to sink his fangs into the porcelain skin and mark Tony like the Omega was so intent on marking him but Steve locked his jaw tight and
"Pepper, will this be…"
Like it says just another day.
"You too I was going to give it to him the day we met." Clark said.
"Well what could you do?" Bruce said. They both walked down to meet Alfred already putting their breakfast in the table.
"Master Tony is currently in his lab." JARVIS told Steve.
"You do realize Master Tony will embarrass him." Alfred told him.
"He has too Captain, it is for business." Bruce told him. Steve turned to look at Tony.
"Thank-you Alfred." Bruce told him.
"How long has he been there?" Steve asked.
"You wound me you anti-social jerk." Tony said with a smirk of his own.
"You do know that if you hurt Bruce he is not the only billionaire that can get his hands on Kryptonite right." Tony told her.
“We will help him, but do you want to keep him?” Clark asked. Bruce looked at him with wide eyes.
"Alfred!" Tony said Steve saw how they greeted each other affectionally.
"Oh I have to say Rogers is making good changes on Tony." Bruce told him.
"Come out." Steve said. He heard nothing else; he looked up to see Natasha standing there with a sandwich for him. It made him feel bad that he wasn't cooking but he knew that either Darcy or Bruce would take his place to give everyone food. "Is everyone okay upstairs?" he asked and she nodded at him.
"I Steven Grant Rogers take you Anthony Edward Stark to be my husband when you are up in the middle of the night building new things, when you won't eat, when you make the most brilliant things in the world, when you have family you think you don't deserve but you do, for richer or for poor, for better or worst till death do us part."
Clark notice that Bruce was gone and he went to the zeta-tubes to see him gone. He arrived just in time. Bruce looked at Clark.
"I ate before I came." Bruce tells him and he doesn't notice the small frown in Clarks face.
"Nice to hear from you too Bruce."
"Good, I don't think we would have lasted if you did." Bruce said with a small smile before he saw that Clark wasn't smiling and seemed serious.
"No it's quiet." Bruce told him.
"I called Master Bruce; I knew he was the only one to get into the lab the only code that had not being disabled." JARVIS answered.
"Did you bring the water?" Tony asked him changing the conversation.
"If you excuse us, I think Bruce and Tony agreed to give the exclusive to Miss Lane." Clark said and both he and Steve moved Tony and Bruce away.
"I could see you with your sketch book out." Tony whispered to him in the car before they had arrived.
It had been close to two months and both Clark and Steve couldn't find the right time to propose. Well a few right times had come but they had been interrupted by meetings, fighting crime, the jobs, charity everything had been stopping them from asking either Bruce or Tony. It was also getting a bit on their nerves.
“Yes, hopefully, something can be done,” Bruce said knowing that something would be done. It wouldn’t end like his parent’s murder that he was sure of.
"Who is this Man of Bats?" Thor asked.
“So, is he alright,” Tony asked.
"Seriously we are going to have like most of the strongest heroes here, as far as I am concerned we don't need to worry about security."
"Oh Bruce, you're q lucky man."
In Tony's room, Bruce opened the door and walked fast taking his cellphone out and throwing it out in the bed and he took his watch out as well anything electronic so it wouldn't get wet.
“Are you guys blind, it’s a child,” Natasha told them.
"Why did you do it?" Steve asked.
"Yes, it will." Bruce replied.
"Morning." everyone answered in the kitchen. Thor went and grabbed the Pop-tarts that Steve had put in the toaster because Thor had broken five of them; Steve only broke two before he learned how to work it right. Darcy and Jane are right behind him they had moved in surely after the New York incident and the reason Thor was back. Jane went to get some Pop-Tarts and Darcy danced her way before pecking Bruce in the cheek, Dr. Banner blushed. No one knew how it had happened but it kept both Dr. Banner and Hulk really calm it was eerie.
In another part of the house the living room, Tony and Clark were sitting down in-front of each other and Tony had an amuse smile on his face. Tony decided to be blunt about it.
"Miss Lane won't ask you offensive questions." Steve told him.
"What's on your mind Tony?" Bruce asked.
In Avengers Tower they had the TV on because Steve wanted to know if Tony would arrive alright in Gotham.
"Yes, it seems that Master Bruce assumed as much, he says you are working hard on an article."
"So the Big Boy Scout is afraid of the press." Bruce told him.
"We won't." Dr. Banner said.
"I'm just saying." Superman tells him and Batman just moves so he can leave to Gotham.
"Don't you have a reporter to save?" Bruce asks and goes back to focusing on the antidote.
"Then call me Steve."
"You didn't tell me if I was yours." Tony told him with a soft smile.
"I know I trust you." Tony tells him. And Steve smiles without letting Tony see him because it's a trust he really treasures.
"Love you too, Bruce." Clark said and kissed his cheek. He could see Bruce smiling.
"Yes….yes you do." Tony told him with his arms crossed.
"I now pronounced husband and now you may kiss." The judge told them. The two couples kissed and everyone cheered and some dabbed their tears away.
"Yes, he won't say anything." Clark tells him.
“I have Crossbones in custody.” Iron Man told him.
"Now I think we should have a party for everyone else on the rehearsal and on the main reception we only worry about the people we actually want because I am not dealing with senators in our wedding." Tony said.
"So you don't love her; the same, okay have you slept?"
"Okay." Clark said. "I may not be like anyone else you ever dated."
"I wish you well in your trip." Thor told both Steve and Tony.
“We are going to have to take him,” Gordon said moving toward the boy, but he seemed to be wrapping even closer.
"Well it's not going to be all black." Tony told him.
"You would think so." Superman told him. Batman smirked at him which Superman could tell which ones were smiles now.
"Meeting is canceled until further notice." Bruce told him.
"Wait no lecture." Flash says.
"You know you didn't have to do this." he tells Bruce.
"He kissed me first. Oh and he didn't like you." Tony told Bruce and he raised an eyebrow.
"Will do sir." JARVIS tells him. Steve looks at Tony.
In the morning Bruce was the first one to wake up, the night before they had prepared Tony's bag so he could come with him to Gotham. Miss Lewis had come to the room and given him the clothes he ordered to be brought to Avenger's Tower so he wouldn't be wearing the same clothes from yesterday. Bruce takes a shower and gets in his clothes ready.
"You have to go…"
"Wow really Bruce, Clark is getting you all sappy-Bruce rolled his eyes- Now what can I say about Bruce. He helped me a lot even when it came to staying with me during my darkest times. He understands what we go through and I don't have to be what everyone expects. Clark you know I know you didn't like me thinking that Bruce and I were that close; but I know he cares about you, I have never seen him with anyone as I have seen him with you and I hope you understand the importance about that…so that is all I'm saying let's drink."
"You know Tony is going to gloat if he ever finds out." Clark tells him.
"Master Bruce did you finish your lunch?" Alfred asked him.
"You think Wayne got Tony to rest?" Clint asked.
Changes are coming to the couples.
"Alright." Bruce told him. He went straight to the Bat-cave so Alfred was not exactly surprised.
"So, how was your day?" Tony asked him.
"It has something to do with science than." Steve says.
"Miss Potts." Lois says. "Is good to see you again, what can you tell us about your business here in Metropolis?"
"Did you change the arc reactor?" Bruce asked which is Bat speak for '
When Bruce disappears after the Joe Chill case, Tony is the first person Alfred calls to find out.
"I had to do some PR, it was great just…"
"Both teams would be alright." Clark said.
"Oh, is there a place I can be where there is quiet?" Steve asked.
The moment Tony figured out that Bruce was Batman, he did the only thing he could do and got on one of his planes scaring Pepper to go to Gotham City. When he arrives, the mansion is in ruins and he walks up to Bruce after Rachel left.
"What?" Steve asked.
"Take care of him." before he was able to answer the door closed and he couldn't tell her anything.
Steve had tried to get the hang of Gotham. It was mich darker than New York. But even in the daylight Gotham seemed to have shadows around its place. But he had known that the place had a certain charm. He had his sketch book in his bag so he didn't have it.
“What?” Steve asked.
"Fine, but I want to get back home tonight." He told Steve. Who was just thankful he got Tony to agree to stay, probably Bruce was the one that was going to check on him once he got better from being Hulked out.
"Alfred." Bruce told him.
"I care about him." Tony told him and Steve's shoulders deflated. "As a brother I guess…" he didn't get to finish because a pair of lips were on his own. Tony froze a bit and he was only thinking that Steve was kissing him.
"Right." Tony told him. "Okay Steve this is Alfred Pennyworth he is essentially like Jarvis except he cooks like a god. Alfred this is Steve Rogers you know Captain America."
"No." Tony says but he already feels like a failure, this was a serious relationship and it didn't work.
"Okay." Steve told him and grabbed his waist and just followed Tony's lead before he was leading them in the dance. It was nice and Tony was a very good partner.
"Oh really?" Superman told him, Clark was ready to give Iron Man a piece of his mind.
"Tony, what are you doing here shouldn't you be in your lab?" Steve asked.
"I don't think, you're the only one." Steve says pointing to Hulk who kept playing with the Hydra Bots, like they were nothing.
"Batman, some villains have broken out of Gotham, Scarecrow, Bane and the Joker." J'onn informed him. Superman smirked.
"Well I'm fine, you can do your good deed somewhere else." Bruce told him.
“Mum…Papa,” he told Bruce.
"Of course." Clark said and grabbed his hand pulling him up the stairs.
"I'm not a girl Steve." Tony told him with a pout.
"Steve I'm all charmed, you know you don't have to tell me pretty things I already love you." Tony tells him. Steve moves and kisses Tony.
"You are not getting cold feet are you, Master Bruce."
"I'm not surprise, the glares he kept sending me when I went for you told me so." Bruce told Tony. Tony looked at Bruce.
“That is a low.” Steve said, he was used to more, which he just put in piles for whoever it really was, but it kept him from being too bored. He also knew that Darcy would be coming in a few minutes to get everything.
"How are you feeling?' he asks even if he still isn't that good with emotions. But he knows that Steve is still taking Bucky still being alive not exactly well.
"Busy night." Clark told him.
"I'm gonna puke on your ass Bruce." Tony threatened.
"Thanks, Point Break." Tony told him tapping his arm.
"Morning Steve." Bruce said.
' in a flashy way." Tony told Bruce.
"I'll take the next one if you'll like?" he told her.
"Tony, stay in the bed you're not heal properly." Steve told him.
"Bruce Wayne, ah excuse me." he said and moved to the key-board. Steve and Dr. Banner looked at him.
“Master Clark, you are home?” Alfred said with a smile.
"Don't tell me you plan on putting '
“Do you want to?” Bruce asked.
Before he got to the zeta-tubes someone grabbed his shoulder and he knew exactly who it was.
"So will I, I just need to find the right time." Clark told him.
"So I have to ask…how long do two you plan this." she asked Tony and Bruce pointing to the both Steve and Clark. Tony was about to tell her something not exactly nice.
"Fine." Tony huff's out and Alfred puts a coffee cup there and Tony grabs it, before he puts another one and Bruce comes to get it.
“Hey kid, you doubt my sight,” Tony said with a smile. It had been two months and SHIELD had been trying to find another family that were related to Peter. It seemed they were not having luck and to the surprise of many both Steve and Tony had been taking care of Peter for everything. They had also been speaking behind the scenes and SHIELD did not know.
"You, Mr. Rogers were jealous of Bruce Wayne." Tony said with a smirk.
Superman was actually having trouble; he was going to get to the victims that were stuck until someone helped him. He saw that it was none other than Iron Man. He wasn't exactly happy, but he really couldn't complain as the man was helping him take down the people from burning alive. They both were able to work and finish early. When they ended they both stayed in the air.
into his scent as he could manage. “Sweetheart, I want to put diamonds on your finger and silver right there at your throat. If that happens in a courthouse and a hotel room, if it happens in a big church and a weekend away for a honeymoon, if it happens down the street in the park and we get rowdy in the backseat of the limo--”
Apparently seeing something Peter
you.”
It was a damn miracle, a fairy tale ending to this part of their story and Tony put a hand to his aching heart as he whispered, “You know, I just might keep you Mr. Rogers.”
Even with Natasha stealing away Peter and damn near refusing to give the baby back, with Bucky trying and failing at every turn to charm an increasingly stubborn-- and increasingly flattered,
, then done everything she could with her very limited budget to help the young Omega out. Now she watched with a fond smile creasing wrinkles into her kind face as Tony hugged Peter close and the baby babbled mostly nonsense about his day. “This little one keeps me young! I’d just be an old Alpha with nothing to look forward too but bridge club once a week without him. Today we colored pages and played in bubbles. It was absolutely riveting, of course.”
through his body, shivering beneath his skin and tipping his head back to open up his throat, flushing his already swollen scent
to struggle instead of
to let Tony know his scent markers sounded gorgeous.
“Jarvis, can you call Darcy to come and pick up Peter,” Tony said.
Bruce was happy to get out of the board meeting. He was done with the charity work though he did enjoy it. He was getting ready to go up to the Watchtower for monitor duty. After that he would come back to the Batcave for patrol.
"Bruce Wayne?" Steve says.
They get ready for the party. Both Steve and Clark know that they will not be dealing exactly with their Tony and Bruce but with the ones that everyone's see.
"Let's go Batman." Superman says. Batman glared at him and finished putting the coordinates in.
So one day, Tony and Pepper are in his room and they are both incredibly quiet and no one is in the Tower thankfully. They both knew it was going to happen. But it surprised them both.
"Hello Tony." Bruce says. Tony hears it there something there something dark in Bruce's voice that he notices. "How you been?"
They all turned to the next couple even as people could be seen wiping their eyes and they didn't know what to expect of the next couple.
"Not at all, why would I be nervous I'm about to marry Steve Rogers." Tony said.
"Indeed I would like to return to me Lady Jane soon." Thor tells them taking down some of the Hydra like nothing.
"Cap, I really don't want a lecture right now." He told Steve, he couldn't sleep without the nightmares coming. He didn't want to admit that he needed someone there with him.
“Phil is also aware that since no family members could be found the young boy needs to come with me,” Mrs. Walters told them.
Bruce and Tony meet the children that might become the closest to them.
"Is that so?" Steve told him and Tony gave him a kiss.
“It seems that he was saved from much damage, but he did get some of the smoke in his lungs so, I would suggest taking him to the hospital to help with that,” Bruce told him.
"Tony." Pepper said.
"He won't be the only one." Bruce told him and Alfred shook his head.
"I won't eat your Captain alive when I talk to him." Bruce told him.
"That man has a stick up his ass." Tony told him. He was still annoyed at being reminded about his father.
Batman stood at that. Superman looked at him because he had heard the voice; he wondered if it was Alfred.
"I still had fun." Steve told them.
"Thank you Alfred." Clark said with a smile.
"Feeling is not exactly mutual Lexi." Tony told him and didn't shake his hand. Luthor just glared at him but Tony didn't really care.
"Oh." Steve said, yeah he still didn't like Bruce Wayne but understood that it was business well he hoped.
"I like spoiling you once in a while." Steve said.
"I was trying to defend him."
"A while." He said. "You?"
"Yes." He gritted out. Clark was standing behind him and looking over his shoulder on the screen.
"Great, I do miss you." Tony told him.
"Really, Brucie I come visit and you are in your computer, entertain me." Tony whined.
"Beam me up." Clark said to J'onn.
"Yeah."
"That is not the point; you told everyone your secret identity."
"I miss you too." Steve told him. "Don't get in trouble Tony, I'll see you soon."
"Why?" Clark asked.
“What do you mean?” Mrs. Walters asked.
"You should take more care of yourself Tony."
"Shouldn't we go down there you know with ice cream and chocolate." Darcy said.
"You're telling me you don't worry about that with Tony?"
"Lady Darcy, who is the man that held Shield-brother Tony?" Thor asked. Darcy looked at them.
"Yes." Alfred said. Clark looked at Bruce as Alfred left.
"Not a word Pepper." Tony told her.
"Thank-you JARVIS." Darcy said. "See there you go Mr. Wayne is making sure Tony doesn't go back to his lab."
"Precisely." Pepper told him. They both climbed down and walked together inside the building and Tony was already bored.
“I believe Master Clark will be fine, Master Bruce.”
"We are about to be married, not that I'm complaining and I don't think you are either." Tony told him. "We have to do something crazy you know and Vegas it is and you owe me."
"Steve." He tried not to smile at how relieved he was.
"Got it in one, pumpkin." Tony said.
"Yeah." Tony says. "I mean I have to go to Gotham in a month so I want this done."
“I’m not a pediatrician doctor,” Bruce informed the but he understood they were trusting him. “It’s going to be a fast check-up.”
"Not everything is about you Clark, so he doesn't know about you and Stark has known about me since the beginning believe it or not I do socialize and Tony happens to be my closest friend, now if that is all you need to know I have work to do." Bruce told him and turned around getting back to his project.
"What?" Steve said and tried his own code that he had earned. When just like Dr. Banner it didn't work, he got desperate because that meant Tony didn't want anyone in and he was not going to let anyone inside at all. It made Steve really scared because he didn't know what he was going to try.
"Likewise; Master Rogers." Alfred said with a soft smile.
"Not at all Alfred." Bruce said standing up and going to the bathroom to take a shower.
“Captain, we have some of the buildings collapsing, we need some help.” Hawkeye said.
JARVIS, had no other choice by the next day than to call the only person he knew of that could break into the lab and help his charge. He made the call.
“Actually...” Mrs. Walters began to speak but stopped when Steve looked at her. They didn’t have to wait long before Darcy appeared.
"Yes, what is it?" Batman asks him.
"Right I'll bring him something." Steve said and left. Bruce narrowed his eyes there was something he was getting, that he still didn't process. He closed the door to get to Tony and see if the man hadn't drowned in the shower.
"You were about to call one of your suits."
“Don’t frighten him,” Steve said.
"How did Alfred take it?"
"Why would I break something?" Flash told him. Batman gave him a blank stare. "Okay stop looking at me like that I kind of broke the DVD player don't kill me please." The please was really emphasize.
"Yes." Steve told him.
"Master Clark, we are going to attend the cake tasting."
"You mean for the Other Guy?" Steve asked.
"I need to go on patrol." Batman tells him.
"I thought you said you were going to stay in the room." Steve told him crossing his arms.
"But we should have some; just in-case people ask questions."
"JARVIS, take me to Tony's bedroom." Bruce said.
Alfred hid the smile from his face at those words. Indeed these two men were great for both Master Tony and Master Bruce.
"Come in, your father is in the back Clark, I have pie ready for both of you." Ma Kent told them.
“I saw him during the performance, I didn’t know why no one knew he was up there,” Bruce told him covering the boy with his coat.
"Just say it?" Tony told him.
"No I figured out barely. Bats and I don't discuss people's secret identities you know." Tony tells him.
"Yup, I'm going to get out soon I feel so much better." Tony tells him, he has scratches in his face and Bruce can tell some bruise ribs.
"I guess." Like Tony before Bruce hears the change in the voice.
"How long?" Bruce asked JARVIS.
"Indeed you have." Alfred told him.
"I'm fine Alfred." Bruce told him. Alfred got this serious look in his eye and grabbed Bruce's shoulder before he move.
"You really think he is going to say no?" Steve asked.
“Well I have come to take Peter,” she told them with a soft smile.
“Your jail out of free card.” Clark said with a smile.
"Don't worry Cap, plus I'm meeting his partner too." Tony told him.
"The regular, Cassie." Steve said with a smile to the woman. They had been in here to many times that the owners just knew them. Cassie came and left them their hot chocolate's because it was just calming and they didn't have to worry. They both drank in silence and looked out for New York and trouble in general.
"Since when does Bats do personal matters?" Hal asked. Superman didn't say anything he just got up and followed Bruce.
Tony was getting ready to leave for Metropolis.
“I wish it was a normal mission and not something like this.” Clark told him. “Why can’t you go again?”
In the car Tony looks at Bruce.
On the other side, Clark smile down at Bruce.
“How can we help you?” Tony asked.
Later the party Bruce and Tony were thankful they didn't have to act to much their rich personas since now they had 'handlers' in a way of their particular boyfriends.
“You aren’t also the Saint of children,” Clint told him.
"Just tell us Darcy." Clint told her. Darcy smiled at them and Dr. Banner went to her side and okay he was a little bit jealous at the way his girlfriend got excited.
"I don't think we have plans Miss Everhart, we are just doing what we feel." Steve answered politely.
"Fine, we're having it here at the Manor." Bruce told them.
"Dude, Starks stays in that workshop even when Pepper is here." Clint said, but they were ignore because Steve was already walking toward the lab. He walked toward it and had JARVIS open the door. AC/DC was blaring around the room and Steve sighed he was pretty used to it by now.
"Please try not to get in trouble." Steve tells Tony before kissing him again.
“Hear what?” Tony asked. Steve was trying to hear more of the noise and pointed toward the issue.
"But I'm special, I'm yours." Tony pouted and kissed him.
“Okay,” Richard said. They both saw Richard go with Alfred.
"What are you doing?" Steve asked.
"Good I'll inform him." Bruce said. Clark pays attention and he heard a shower, someone was taking a shower. Before he could ask Bruce turned off his com.
"You're welcome idiot." Tony told him.
Outside the other Avengers were waiting for them. Bruce had already Hulked down and was waiting for them.
He could hear the gasps and he looked back up, he could see the wires and it seemed like it was a small motion as the wires broke and the two of them fell down, but Bruce wasn’t hearing that all he heard was a loud,
Clark was picked up from his job in a limo which caused him to blush a bit and when he got inside Alfred was there.
“Who?” Clark asked suddenly worried.
Steve was talking to a congress man and he was bored.
"You don't say." Clark says with clench teeth.
Steve on the other hand was freaking out because Tony was not kissing him back and he ruined it. He was about to pull away, but Tony responded and grabbed him by the neck and pulled him close. Steve smiled and pulled him by the waist. When they finally pulled up for air Tony smirked at Steve.
“Oh, my Rao!” He said. The little boy stopped and looked at him in shock and he let go falling from the chandelier. Clark reacted automatically and went to catch him., he was suddenly assaulted by a crying little boy.
"Okay." Tony said even though it wasn't true once Steve left to the cafeteria to get his water, Tony got up and winced with every step trying to get to the door and out of the infirmary. He needed to get back to his lab and try to fix his suit for the next battle. He didn't make it to the end of the hallway before he smacked into somebodies chest, said somebody was Steve and he looked at him with a lifted eyebrow.
"It seems Supes is about to figure that one out." Flash told him. "How much you want to bet they will get into a fight right now?" he told Hal.
"We go back tomorrow." Clark told him.
"Alright, I know both of the grooms and am really close to Clark the reason why I am the Best Man. Anyway I know Bruce will make Clark happy, how do, I know because I have never seen either more terrified for each other and happy but with each other. Bruce makes Clark happy because I don't know who will make him that happy. Clark is a great friend, a good man and a great writer. To the Happiness of the grooms and that they have a happy life."
"Thank you." Bruce tells her.
‘What do you mean?”
"I don't plan on hurting Tony, Bruce." Steve told him seriously.
Steve arrives at the Mansion after going to an arts store all day to get supplies. It still surprised him, everything he could buy in the place. After he put his things in his floor, he decided to go to the common area so he could make dinner for everyone. When the elevator opens Pepper was standing there and she had tears in her eyes. But his eyes also went to the luggage that she had on her. He knew that was more than what she took on trips.
"God, you are spoiling me." Tony told him.
"Yes!" he bit out. Superman was the last one to come in since he had to go save people from a burning building. Batman was about to say something biting when there was a sound in his com. He didn't touch his ear or anything he stayed quiet.
The entire day Natasha and Clint tried to get to Tony but he sealed the vents. Darcy even tried but she couldn't get in. Steve wanted to break the door down or ask Bruce but that would be too dangerous. Thor was ready to use Mjlonir but Steve stopped him, because JARVIS informed him that Tony was sitting behind the door and it would hurt him. Steve stayed there all night trying to reach to Tony, but on the inside Tony wasn't listening at all.
"Very funny Tony." Steve says but hides his smile.
“I know that you want to and as long as we do it together, he will be happy,”
"Master Tony has been in his lab for approximately thirty-three hours." JARVIS told him.
"Yes are you in any danger?" Clark asked.
"I won't, plus I'm in the Man of Steels playground if something happens he can get me out of trouble." Tony says with a wink.
"Ah that isn't fun." Tony told him.
“Wait!” Tony said as he noticed that some of the supports were weak and could fall at any moment. One of the supports came down and Tony cursed at seeing that Steve had gone over.
Bruce was looking at their face, it seemed like this was not a mistake they looked to. The woman turned to the platform and Bruce noticed the little boy sitting there and looking at his parents. This also caused him to look at the wires they didn’t seem to be solid. He looked back to Tony Zucco and he saw that the man was looking at the wires as well and he had a sadistic smile on his face.
"It's just going to be seven days Cap and I'll be back before you know it." Tony tells him.
"Good luck than." Tony says but for some reason he doesn't believe it.
