"I confessed that to you yesterday and you can't use it against me. It's very rude of you," Tony told him acting as if he was offended.
"Sometimes I could say that I love you, but it would be too much," Natasha said, taking the bag to open it.
Steve's thick, long cock rested peacefully between those muscular legs. Did it have to be aberrant that at that moment his mouth watered at the sight of Steve's cock?
At Tony's eyes the concern began to show. In his face Steve could see the way in which that bright mind was waking up and really understanding where he was and what they had lived.
Rhodey smiled and said he was going to sleep too, then Bruce followed him. The moment Bruce left the living room, Tony turned to see Steve who was already taking him by the neck to kiss him. Tony groaned with pleasure at the instant he tasted those lips again. And as if they coordinate a dance that both knew, Steve took him by the waist at the same time Tony moved to sit on his lap. They continued to kiss fervently until they both needed to breathe.
When they got home, Steve cooked with Tony's classic help. Steal him the occasional kiss and serve the wine while he cooked. Tony explained to him as simple as he could what they were doing and yet it sounded too strange to Steve, but he hoped they could make it. For several years now, Tony had created many inventions of great use for them and the world. Even the improvements to their suits had been incredible. He had dedicated himself body and soul to do all the things he was passionate about. And Steve understood his passion and dedication when he set a goal, but he needed at least 2 days to rest and then he could continue. Steve would take care of it.
Tony turned away from Steve, and started walking back and forth again. «I don't know what is happening, Steve. Do you think I know what I have to do? I don't fucking know!» Tony shouted out still not looking at him.
«Yeah, we are going to be good to each other. Make love, not war,» Tony said jokingly to Rhodey but with his eyes fixed in Steve's lips.
"Strange told me we created a different reality when we encountered in the two times we did. But in the end everything would keep the same
Tony smiled and immediately went to the subject at hand. He explained to her about the few things that were missing from the project and the time he estimated could all be put in place. He was quite surprised at how quickly she understood everything and was very excited because that meant they could run it very soon.
At the instant Steve spoke, the three girls sat across from them. Tony watched as dad and mom stared at each other somewhat resigned.
He needed to get out of Steve's body as soon as possible. Find a solution and return home with Pepper. There, with everything returning to normal, he would forget about what had happened. He loved Pepper. She is his world, his reason for being. He didn't have to explain himself why Steve had kissed him. He had responded to the kiss because perhaps as it was a chaotic and exciting moment, he got carried away by the adrenaline.
"Do not come to me with a speech, Cap. With my voice and my body, it will not make sense," Tony said teasing.
«Well let me say that is a relief...um...OK bring it up» said Tony without paying too much attention to the screen and focusing on the bracelets on his desk. On the record playing, it could be seen from a long distance a figure walking from side to side.
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve said turning around and looking into his eyes, but it was just a second because he immediately looked down at the cup of coffee in his hands. “How do you feel?”
"Good morning, Captain," Sarah said kindly from the table and saw Steve put the coffee cup on Tony's desk.
Tony was amazed at those hands and those long legs that seemed to move with his thoughts. He must be dreaming, and that was a really freakish nightmare. He got up as he could to look in the mirror again and a bewildered Steve Rogers, with astonished eyes, saw him back. He began to notice how his breathing accelerated and his first thought was to touch the mirror. He saw how that hand touched the mirror and how Steve's face was still there. Then, he touched his face, but the mirror reflected a Steve who was breathing hard and touching his face. Suddenly, he heard his name.
"It won't work, Stark," Thanos said showing him the glove with all the gems as he clenched his fist". You are the only one missing and the earth will finally be gone."
Steve laughed. "Apparently Nat is the only one who has been unaffected by the drink, and for me, she cheated us all and didn't really drink."
"How you all knew I didn't go mad saying I was you?" Tony's mind could not stop asking questions to find an explanation and meaning to all that.
After a few minutes, everything went back to normal, and both were able to focus on the project again.
"Wow you have almost a whole decade in the past and you only have a few more gray hairs? And here I look like an old man!" Tony said complaining and laughing at the same time.
"More old chairs. But everything is sealed," Steve said to Tony and then addressed the family. "We'll be fine."
He touched his chest and abdomen and felt amazed. It wasn't he didn't considered himself something athletic, but for God's sake this man seemed like a Greek sculpture. Tony laughed again. He couldn't imagine what Steve would have felt when he found himself back in a small body. Another minute passed. The moment of truth, the pants. He jerked them off, and what his eyes saw seemed too good to be true.
"I must confess this only happens to me when I am by your side," Steve said, staring at the cup in his hands. "It seems that my mind and body can finally relax."
When Tony opened his eyes, Steve was so close to him that he could feel his breath. They stared at each other waiting.
"Let me help you," he heard Bruce say taking him by the arm, and Rhodey also approached to help him.
"We don't have to argue. I understand why you want to go. It's fine," Tony told him kissing him. "Everything will be so perfect. I'm not afraid of anything going wrong. And, I trust you," he said looking at him with loving eyes.
"I had seen Tony rest after a mission. But that you also fell asleep, that is completely new," Natasha said looking at both of them. "We got to the compound guys. Everyone is already inside." She turned around and headed for the jet door strangely closing the hatch when she got out.
OK, it was not the time. They had to do the ritual and return to their bodies. That was the most important thing to do right now. Later, they would have time to discuss.
"We are a family," Natasha said with a sweet smile. Tony smiled her back, and he knew that would be one of the very few times she would let herself be seen without her hard shell. "I take the big guy here. You wake him up and show Rogers
Tony opened his eyes and saw himself in Rhodey's arms, he felt out of breath. Pepper returned from the room and shouted his name, approaching. But it was not about the pain. He had to focus on something that was happening. Suddenly, he watched the TV.
«Calm down. This must be very hard to bear. I understand,» Steve said in a calm voice. «Could you looked at me, please?» he asked kindly.
He knew he was running away from something and despite everything, only a tremendous anger overwhelmed him at that moment. Once inside the house, he leaned against the front door. His heart was still agitated, unbridled, and he was breathing as desperately as if that were the end of some battle. Tony closed his eyes trying to calm himself.
«I'm going to leave you to rest, and I'll be back in a couple of hours,» Pepper said kissing him in the forehead and his hand.
A shiver ran through Tony's body. He got out of bed and went to the bedroom window. It was dark outside. "This was a spell or something like that? What did you find out?" Tony asked without turning around.
Those words touched Steve soul, and he thought that even when his mind could not quite comprehend the meaning, he knew his heart did.
Chandra went to the record player of the bar and changed the song that was playing. Then she approached Steve, took him by the hand and led him to the dancing floor. They started dancing.
Tony laughed, "Yes, we won't fight again and if we do, we have a quite satisfactory way of fixing things. Which leaves me thinking that those fights will come in handy," Tony replied, nodding.
"Blue meanie? She looks tough, but she's too good. Maybe a bit sadistic. God, that put an image in my mind that I don't want to have," Tony said, frowning.
They were like that for a few minutes, until Tony turned around. "You miss them," Tony told him with sorrow.
Very slowly Steve began to break away from Tony. However, to his surprise, Tony clung to him. His hands, one that held Steve hair and the other rested on his neck, squeezed him tightly as if they were magnets that could not let go of him. Steve understood only the words had come out of his mouth, but he did not have enough strength to separate himself at all.
A few hours later Tony was walking along the lake lost in his reflections. He had written to Pepper to make sure she was okay, to know if she had arrived home safely. Her answers could not be shorter;
Tony got up to look him in the eye, "I need to return the favor, it wouldn't be fair," he said, raising an eyebrow and putting his hand on the bulge in Steve's boxer.
Steve smiled at the view and continued cooking. He really liked to cook, he thought. Although he hardly did it, he enjoyed it very much.
«At least, I know it won't happen until a few years. Your gray hairs tell me». There was a smile that did not reach Tony eyes.
Once again while they kissed, both understood the ritual of inhaling their souls, as one part of them surrendered to the other forever.
"Girls, stop jumping," said the Dad, but they paid little attention to him. "Sorry, forgive me if they bothered you," he said to Tony and Steve.
Steve's heart was beating in despair, but he had come to do something he should have done a long time ago.
«There are things that don't change» Steve said taking a last bite of his hot dog «These fairs are a trip to the past".
Tony felt Steve arms embracing him from behind. Steve buried his head in his neck, and Tony could feel the heat of one of Steve's tears sliding down his chest. Tony turned around, and to his own surprise, he felt how Steve gently touched his face to also wipe away a tear.
"Tony," Steve said surprised to see him there. His eyes roamed over his body, remained fixed for a moment in his erection and then saw him again in the eyes.
"No, please, thank you for helping me. And the team too," Tony raised his hand to greet a group of engineers gathered near them.
Steve smiled and turned to see him. "Thanks for coming. I don't think I would have been able to help them if you hadn't been here."
“Jesus, Tony, you like to put your life at risk, I then cover you, and you want to call that breaking the rules. That makes no sense.” Steve said exasperated.
"What would happen if I stayed in the past? Would it alter the future?" Steve could not look into his eyes.
Steve took out his cock and put it back moaning at once with Tony. Steve felt ecstatic of knowing Tony's whole body, what he liked, what gave him pleasure. Then he put one of his hands over Tony's and with the other took him by the waist to create a rhythm that pleased them both. Their skins had gone warm. There was no part of their bodies that did not feel ignited by the burning of their passion. Every breath, every thrust, every moan created the reality they both loved. Where there were only the two of them. Where the world had stopped many times so they could meet and be together. When Tony arched his back with a gasp, Steve knew he had hit the spot that would make him come in a few seconds. So he focused on getting his thrusts to that spot while listening to Tony moans.
Tony kissed him hard for a moment and changed his positions until he knelt in front of Steve. First he licked his bulge with his tongue over the fabric looking at Steve who had trouble breathing. He immediately lowered his boxer and took Steve's beautiful cock, sucked his head, and Steve's moan encouraged him to sink his lips further. He sucked him insatiably, and Tony was pleased to finally have Steve's cock in his mouth. It was a pleasure to hear Steve groan at the enthusiastic movements of his tongue that savored him intensely. Within the minutes, Steve breath was getting heavier and quicker. Tony hummed so the vibrations ran up Steve's cock while tasting with his fingers at the skin just behind his balls. Steve arched his back and groaned a hoarse, “
Tony arrived at the lab and all the screens were black. His cell phone on the desk didn't work either. He tried to turn on the computers, but nothing seemed to work.
Steve caressed his face and heard a pleased sigh from Tony. He was alive, he was there with him. His clever, stubborn, amazing man. He loved him as he has never loved someone in his entire life. For the most terrifying minutes of his life he thought he had lost him. When he saw him, he felt an agonizing pain in his heart that left him breathless. He ran to his side and time seemed to be in slow motion. His legs were not fast enough, his strength was not enough until he reached his side and saw him lying on the ground. Rhodey and Peter had approached him to help him. And when he was at Tony side, he saw him smile and say his name with a sigh to then pass out. They helped him, and with Strange's help took him to the near hospital. Tony hadn't told him he had modified the suit, so he could use the stones. If Steve was honest with himself, if Tony had told him, he wouldn't have accepted it. Tony knew him too well. In the end, they were both willing to sacrifice their lives. But when the time came, Steve just wanted it to be him the one who made any sacrifice.
And of course Steve had to be there too. Tony hadn't noticed him before on the machines so he thought he wasn't there. OK, there would be no problem. They were two adults and their conversation had not ended so badly. Tony sat in front of Steve who was with his head against the wall and his eyes closed; he did not flinch at the entrance of another person. Maybe it was for the best, he told himself.
"In 15 minutes we will have Thai food, so I propose a toast to our friend's return home," Rhodey said, going to the kitchen for some beers.
," Tony said with a hoarse gasp, and he was coming without Steve touching him. That took Steve to the brink of ecstasy, and he could also feel his orgasm approaching. He took Tony's cock in his hands and stroked him once, and they both groaned to the delightful pleasure of orgasm.
“You said that before... what does it mean?” she asks bringing two bottles and two glasses, she serves one to him and one to herself; Steve shrugs
Then... a miracle, a small figure is hurled back into the once open and now closed portal, the armor plums to the Earth
“I’m not overly fond of what follows” Seconds after, a tall, muscular blond enters the Quinjet, grabs Loki and leaves as quickly as he appears
The people at the party are celebrating while a lonely guy named Aldrich Killian freezes in the roof, waiting for a spoiled genius that is never going to arrive at the meeting or even had the intention to do so
Steve jumps another rail and almost falls, he really lost a lot of blood, but to him, that’s not important, an armor gets close to the genius and she tries to reach it but a soldier interferes and drags it down and out of her reach
“Well you are a genius little kid, and I was just like you, too quirk for this world and too little to defend myself” she goes to her armor and opens a slot “I got just the thing you need” she takes a golden tube and shows him “This is a pinata for a cricket... Nah I’m kidding, this is a very powerful weapon, point it away from your face, press the button on top, it discourages bullying, non-lethal, just to cover one’s ass, deal?” she does the show of putting out of reach and giving him again till the kid catches it like a cat catching its toy
“Dead? Why? Because I fell 200 feet?” she separates from him a little and looks at Steve with a love-sick expression that has him blushing as well “I told you before Spangles, didn’t I? You can’t get rid of me that easily” both smile, yet the moment is interrupted by Nat’s not really subtle cough, she shows them a phone
“How are we supposed to do this?” Black Widow breathlessly asks looking all over the half-destroyed buildings
"Fuck it! I heard enough, you’re not him, The Mandarin, the real guy, where is he?” the man runs to a couch and sits there
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it in the first place. It’s a signal to all the realms that the earth is ready for a higher form of war” Thor explains remaining civil
“Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract, this doesn't mean that we’re...” Tasha moves the screen and shows them plans of the weapons
“It’s really, it’s just a... just a huge honor to have you on board, and I know another person who is going to be very happy to know you” Steve smiled sheepishly
“You’re tiptoeing” she knows what is like, after her parents death and after Afganistan, people used to do that all the time, even the ones she trusted the most, she knows it's not a nice feeling and she doesn’t want to do the same with Bruce, now if she could say that to Captain America “You need to let loose sometimes you know? Stress is to be known as a potential cause of death these days” she explains all while looking at her STARKpad. Steve frowns at her, she looks up and seems to flinch at his expression “Look, if I really want to unleash him, I’ll put a repulsor in his face, this is nothing.” she looks at Steve’s eyes and then looks away, a sad glint in her face “Is like you don’t trust him” that streaks the soldier, especially because is somehow true
After Nat practically drags Tasha to take a nap with her, Bruce makes dinner, everything is peaceful with a bit of banter and teasing between the genius and Clint, it's nice. Then, JARVIS talks to them
for this I try to use my own experiences as the base, so keep in mind that the symptoms can vary from person to person
“You can’t blame him for it, he takes on you after all” he grins patting DUM-E on its arm, Tasha beams at him
“Gary great! Listen I’ve gotta issue here, I’m.... I’m helping Iron Man to chase bad guys okay? And I’m trying to grab a little something from some hard-crypt data files but I don’t have enough juice so I need you to jump on the roof right? Recalibrate the ISDN’s and pump it up by about 40%, all right? It’s a mission. You are going to help me help Iron Man so by process you are helping Iron Man himself, sounds good?” the guy looks like he is all over the moon and nods “Be quiet about it and go” Gary do as told and soon Tasha hears the bumping on the side of the van, she knocks back so he knows that she heard him and gets to work.
“It’s okay Tash, I got you, I got you” a tear from pain because her legs are suffering, escapes from her eye
“Where? You rented my room” he bitterly says, a twinge of green swirling in his eyes, soon enough he is admitting his dark past “I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone at risk” he turns to Nat “You wanna know my secret to stay calm agent Romanov?! Do you?!”
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Steve asks, doing his best to keep up with the intel
When she comes back, she is tied to what at some point was a bed, her hands are on each side of her head and the world spins a little before focusing on one known person
“Yeah? Well I’m sorry, but I got a best friend who’s in a coma and he might not wake up and another best friend who’s missing so you’re gonna have to answer for that, you’re still going down pal” she doesn’t notice the man coming at her, she just feels the hard hit in the back of her head and everything goes dark
“Tasha...” Steve makes an effort and he moves some of the cement, Killian takes one piece of iron from the ground and points to his head
“I’m fine, I’m just.... sorry, I gotta split, I’ll call you platypus” Rhodey takes a step back as Tasha gets up and flies away, she needs time to process the fact that maybe she is not quite over the New York Battle as she originally thought
“Wow, you really have got a lid on it, haven’t you? What’s your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Weed?” she wiggles her eyebrows “Please tell me, I need some of it after board meetings on Mondays” she begs half joking (and half serious because board meetings are horrible, painful and just plain boring)
“That’s the guy Howard and aunt Peggy never shut up about? Thank god they took him out of the ice” Bruce can see a faint blush along with an interested glint on the girl’s face and smiles a little
“Alright, hey, alright. Fuck.... someone tell Clint I totally won the bet! oh, my sweet Jesus” she looks a beat away from a full panic attack “Good job guys, let’s just... not come in tomorrow yeah? Let’s just take the day off. Have you ever tried shawarma? There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here, I don’t even know what it is but I wanna try it. For free, I want birdbrain to treat me a shawarma” Steve looks at her fondly, she’s so ridiculous, and he is so, so happy that she is safe, so ridiculously glad that’s not even funny.
“Why? For believing?” he scowls, he can't help it, even back in the 40's he hated it when someone badmouthed about the men that were giving his lives in duty, even if he knows that Tasha isn't saying it with that intention
“Unlike you?” Tasha raises her eyebrow “You just admited that I’m a worthy sidekick, you need me... we’re connected” he says in a total bullshit tone, Tasha snickers
"Agents" he greets the heroes with a polite nod "Director Fury sends me to inform you that Special Agent Coulson is no longer in danger and he's going to be transferred to a special SHIELD hospital, the address' gonna be sent to you as soon as possible, also Director Fury asked me to tell you that you should lay low for a while, for the sake of your safety, just while the debate with the World Security Council ends" the only confirmation he receives is a general hum. But Steve can feel as a weight is lifted from all of them
“She’ll take both” Tash says cooly, she can’t have anything handed to her since Howard messed up with her trust issues by torturing her when she was three, still, no one can know about that “One to throw away and one to not call” she adds to diverge the attention from her quirks, Maya save both cards “Let me guess, AIM for short?” she says as she sees his shirt with the letters on it
“He is currently fighting for his life in what's left of the medical wing” Fury says while entering the room ‘
“Look... I brought you damn file, you take it and go” she pushes a bunch of papers towards her “Whatever was in here, he wanted no part of it” Tasha eyes her curiously
“Thanks, Nat” she thinks for about a second before saying “Hey, do you and birdbrain want to join the party? I’m going to Mandarin location, in Florida, send you the coords and catch me there?”
“Okay first of all he was the one who taught me to never trust anyone, he said, and quote ‘never trust anyone Toni, not even the ones smaller than yourself, not even me’ so yeah, that’s a thing” she promptly ignores both of their curious glances over the Toni name “Secondly, he’s a spy, Captain, he’s The Spy, with honorifics and all, his secrets have secrets” she looks at Bruce “Are you going to tell me it doesn’t bug you that he calls us until now and not before?”
“Well how about that” she tilts her head and smile smugly. The fight continues, Natasha won’t admit it because it might create her some problems with her friends, but she is actually enjoying this, right until the point when the god lifts her and smashes her hard, she gets up quickly and looks ready to pounce when the shield stops them both by ricocheting between them.
The suit opens mechanically for her and she stumbles inside it, JARVIS showing her the interface, she pants, and gasps as the armor closes in her, she falls to her robot knees as she tries to breathe again
“You should have left your armor on for that” his smirk is frustrating and Tasha has to remind herself to remain calm, over and over again
“The Lever! NOW!” is all what Tasha can say before being caught in one of the rotors. The suit gets chewed up and she lets out a tiny but painful yelp. Steve pulls himself up and, evading a man shooting him, finally pulls down the lever, Natasha’s safety being the one thing that impulses him. In the corner of his eye, he can see the Iron man suit head his way, the last man standing fires at the armor and gets tackled by it. Tasha opens the face plate and rolls over, tired.
“I’m glad I found someone who also speaks my English” she grins at Bruce who flushes slightly, he's definitely not used to the adoration and admiration look that he is receiving from the kid
“It’s my pleasure to aid young ladies like yourself” he mocks a knight, going as far as to bow to her, she snorts and laughs
“What can I say platypus? Everybody needs a hobby” she dodges a hit and kicks her adversary down the platform, yeah, Clint’s classes paid off. There are armors flying everywhere, but also more guards and AIM people arriving at the battlefield, she looks over the rail and talks to her babies “Heartbreaker, help you little sister Red snapper out will you?” the armor shoots at the soldiers who are destroying the other robot, but one of them strongly takes off the helmet making it crash in a container full of oil barrels... the explosion is big and it affects one part of the labs... the part where Steve is
“Tasha... the Captain isn’t wrong not trusting me, I can’t control it after all” Bruce also looks appalled by Tasha’s sudden sadness, she looks at him with a determined look
“I wouldn’t consider him a role model miss” the AI sounds completely unamused, and she holds a little chuckle as she flies torwads the Chitauri Leviathan, unleashing every arsenal on the suit, the monster opens its mouth, Tasha takes the oportunity and flies in, shooting with everything she gots as she passes through the Leviathan and burts out the other end, making it collapse. Tasha rolls down the street, the wind knocked out of her, she looks up to an overwhelming sight as a small band of Chitauri soldiers rush towards her and start trashing her suit. There are so many and it’s like this is endless, her power is dropping and her body is both hurt and tired, she doesn’t know how much she's going to stand, and something tells her that the others are equally at their limit. A minute later, she has uncle Nick upset voice in her personal comms
He finds her right next to a stool with a drink on her hand and a group of men surrounding her, investors most likely, and Steve is caught admiring her again, a young woman succeeding in a business dominated by men is no easy task, practically impossible back in the day. She moves a little to the side and now she is full on view so the Captain can see her, his breath suddenly stops, she is gorgeous. Tasha is using a long, red dress, with a halter neck to hide the arc reactor and long length opening that shows her pretty, styled, muscular legs, her hair is tied up in a pony-tail and her back is open until her lower back, her jewelry is gold as some of the decorations on the dress, an inside joke about her being Iron Man
“He killed eighty people in two days” beautiful Nat adds, Tasha is really glad to see her again, low key she wonders if she’s going to be impressed with her growth
“Hey, doesn’t this looks like that story that you guys told me about? What was it...? ah! the one in Budapest?”
The thing is... she doesn't care, at all, 'cause right now she's getting out of the party with a beautiful woman by her side and everything is great, no one notices that she is not legal yet, nobody even cares, to be precise; she just has to use the same excuse she has been giving to everyone who asks since the year before: ‘
“T-Tash... you... you don’t have to do this...” even Steve sounds chocked “This is a one-way trip don't do this!” he begs and she feels nauseus for doing this to them
“Yeah it was” Hansen sounds excited “If I’m right, we can access the area of the brain that governs repair and chemically recode it” Tasha mutters a wow
“You aren’t fooling anyone Stark, also, there’s a 100% of probability that that Maya friend of yours is involved, either as a victim, a hostage or willingly, and if you are going to do stupid things, you should do stupid things with all the possible intel”
“Yes I can see he is your favorite” Tasha sends her an apologetic look “He was worried about you by the way, how are you feeling, he said you were quite paled when you left”
“Well, look, I gotta change it every time certain someone hacks in” the sarcasm is evident even on the phone
“Well... people said these shadows are like the marks of souls going to heaven, except the bomb guy, he went to hell, on account of he didn’t get a shadow and that’s why there’s only five” he makes a pause “You know what this crater reminds me off?”
Steve closes his eyes, the light is too bright and the dizziness is filling everything, just one thought stops him from letting him fall into darkness... Tasha... he can’t let him have her... he has to get out of there
“Yeah, I get it! That’s why I said I got it....” she hasn’t realized she has been grasping the crayon so hard that the moment she finished her signature, it breaks, Tasha sighs tiredly, suddenly feeling like the air inside the bar it’s not enough, she opens her hands and close them once more, the trembling doesn't stop
“Um... Switzerland” she says barely stopping the sadness from spilling in her voice, it was the same conference Yinsen told her they met before, the remainder of the old man clutching her heart
“I’m sorry, did you say...?” Steve looks taken back by that, Tasha at least seems a bit embarrassed as she smiles sheepishly
“Sure shellhead” Steve said biting his tongue to not protest about the alcohol, even if she looks like a kid she already is on legal age, or at least is going to be in a couple of months if Nat’s earlier teasing is anything to go by and only she knows what she needs to get over her nightmare
Rhodey has to take a moment to compose himself, taking deep breaths and suppressing the giggles that come every time he looks at her, Tasha remains unamused
“Miss, we have more incoming” JARVIS informs her ending just a tiny bit of her goofy mood, the things keep coming and it's annoying
“Tasha...” the name leaves a sweet feeling in his mouth “I wanted to... apologize, for what I said before, I don’t know what... I just... It’s not true okay? You are great, a genius and a hero” he says fighting the blush that creeps in his neck for having a pair of big chocolate eyes looking at him intently
“Is this Forehead of security?” she answers mocking the way Happy puts the Starkpad at his eye's level
They move again and quickly run up the stairs as someone announce that the broadcast will start shortly, they end up in a platform when Nat’s voice sounds on the comms
“How long?” she doesn’t know if the breathless question comes from the little shock over the news or over the Chitauri bashing her
“The mechanic” she smiles at him “Tasha” she tousles his hair and then adds “You know what keeps going through my head?... Where’s my sandwich?”
“Miss, the Captain is clear of the structure” JARVIS voice tells her and she breaths relieving, then she points her hands together in that direction and to her again, ordering her armor to return, Steve is trying to take a rock so he can get inside the house and get Tasha when the Iron Man armor separates itself from him and flies through a hole in the falling ceiling. The helicopters start shooting and Tasha sorts them just in time for her armor to attach to her body, when she is ready to fight is when the missile shot the last support of the house
It's almost three o clock in the morning Tasha decides that she is drunk enough to make the question that she had always wanted to make but never dared to do to all of her uncle and aunt
“I need paramedics in the containment cell NOW! Rogers, Stark if you copy, see me in the debrief room as soon as possible, the situation here is... delicate”
Natasha freefalls down the tower, waiting until a red pod shoots out, it levels with her and laser signal the Colantotte bracelets on her wrists and begins to transform into the new MARK VII suit. It latches onto her body and flies up just before hitting the ground, she reaches the penthouse window in seconds, Loki looks up at her, clearly upset over the fact that she didn't die.
“Well yeah? I’m the daughter of Howard Stark remember? Of course I would know her and all the Hollowing Commandos” her sweet smile returns to her face and Steve’s heart flutters “The weirdest uncles a little girl can have, but yeah” she tries to stand up and makes a pained expression when she does, the ever gentleman Steve Rogers helps her getting up and she smiles at him, gratefully “I must say though, you are too good looking to be as old and proper as they made out you to be” she smirks and Rogers can see the mischievous and flirty glint in her eyes, he feels his face warm, but he mimics her and grins
“But where’s Steve...?” Clint quietly asks before the armor separate itself revealing that in fact, the person inside it was Rogers, who goes into the house just to be repulsed back seconds after, two helicopters fail, but the third starts shooting at Captain America and the civilian who now hide behind Steve’s shield. The house falls to its doom with no sign of the genius getting out. The headline makes everyone feel deep concern ‘
“I got over it... just as I hope you’ll get over this” he rolls three orbs and starts them, immediately the worst happens: an image appears... of Steve stranded on a bed with tubes coming of him “Now this is live, I’m not sure if you can tell, but at this moment, we are sucking the super-serum out of the super soldier... perhaps even if you don’t agreee to work with us, you Dad’s serum might be helpful in stabilizing EXTREMIS... you know how the human body has an amount of blood important to the body? Well, even if the process is slow, so we have the chance to take the serum components apart, if he stops having blood on his veins... well I don’t really think even the super body would stand that, but until that point, it’s really just a lot of pain” Tasha fights with her cuffs
"I would never miss a party from our sponsor" he says tilting his head "I was hoping you gentlemen allow me to steal her for a minute" he presents his hand to her
"Oh, you bet! And just you want 'till we tell both Pepper and Rhodey about this, assuming they don't know already, this is going to be soo fun, you are going to be in soo much trouble!" the archer teases her
Iron man climbs higher and higher over the city, gaining speed, suddenly flings herself through the portal cutting off all of her communications, back on Earth, everybody minus the Avengers cheers and Fury tries without success to call his, practically, niece.
“What, did you stop for drive-thru? Did you at least bring me something? What the hell took you so long?” she blasts another Chitauri, without even seeing it
“Alright, listen up, until we can close that portal up there, we’re gonna use containment” his strategist mind racing to lay down a functional plan in less than seconds “Hawkeye, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything, call out patterns and strays. Iron Man, you got the perimeter, anything gets more than three blocks out you turn it back or you turn it to ash”
"Tony, I could list all the exceptional qualities that make you an extraordinary man and yet, it would not be enough. It's just because it is you, all of
Tony opened his eyes and saw he was inside his suit. He felt he was breathing hard. Suddenly, he focused his vision and could see Steve at his side very troubled. He tapped his chest and the suit disappeared. He was lying in his bed.
. He was fighting the betrayal of someone he loved. I saw it in his eyes. When he fought you, it was about hurt. A different kind of pain.»
Wong took a breath. "I wouldn't ask you this if I had someone else to turn to. But if the sorcerers were few. Now we are much less." There was a profound sadness in his voice.
"Rogers," Tony said, but he seemed not to hear it. He cleared his throat, "Wake up, Cap," he insisted and this time he woke up.
"They thank us for helping, but the images of the fight with Thanos came back to me and I cannot avoid thinking I didn't do enough," Tony said sighing.
Five days had passed since the last time he saw him. For Steve, it felt like an eternity. They always had talked, even when they weren't close to the other. It was so strange not to be able of speaking with him. And it wasn't about him not having the strength or the tortuous desire to talk to Tony. He knew he should give him time, space to think. But the waiting was still eternal. While Steve was running that morning, his mind could not stop thinking.
Pepper looked at him and Tony could see how her body trembled. He couldn't contain himself anymore and went to hug her. Pepper hugged him very tightly, but at that moment they heard a horn and she quickly turned away from him. Pepper entered the house, took her bag from the kitchen shelf and went to the front door. She walked very quickly to the car. Tony headed for the door too and watched her get into the car. Seconds later, he saw the driver come toward the house.
At that moment Bruce appeared next to them, "I will prepare the jet, the chief told me the fire has taken about 5 blocks," he said with concern.
"The truth is that I did,” Rhodey said smiling, “So, you made peace with Steve," he told him, gesturing the quote on the word peace with his fingers.
A deep silence took hold of the room now, and out of the sudden neither of them could look at the other. They were trying to understand all the implications of Steve words. They were recognizing everything that had been said and not certainly said.
Soon Pepper returned with some clothes. For a couple of hours, they were talking and catching up. Tony made her see it was better for him to stay in the compound until everything returned to normal. He knew that by saying it, he saved them the awkward moment of having to return home he still being in Steve's body. As much as they both knew it was him, it was still surreal.
Back on the plane, everyone was quite tired. All that remained was to heal the wounds and rest. The mission was accomplished. Although for someone in particular there seemed to be no tiredness, or at least Steve's constant furtive glances at Tony, made him think. When they arrived at the compound, some of them went to the infirmary while Tony and Steve stayed at the entrance.
After breakfast Steve returned to the dept, took a shower and went to the meeting. Again the anxiety for seeing Tony was taking part of him. When he arrived at the building, he found Bucky waiting for him at the entrance. He felt a little more calm. They were at the door of the office and knocked before entering. Natasha and Clint were talking and came to greet them. When he looked up for Tony, he saw Bruce and him talking over a screen projection. Tony immediately fixed his eyes on Steve when he realized he had arrived.
A week passed and the progress in the Extremis formula was quite good. However, Tony and Bruce decided that it would be better to do the procedure when Steve and Thor were with them. They did not want to risk a Hulk previously determined to not come out, now would like to do so. Tony couldn't imagine the giant's fury if that happened, but he already had experience that it didn't end well at all. Better not take chances.
Tony felt the caresses of Steve's hands on his chest, and his breathing began to catch as he felt the touch of his fingers on his skin. Steve was breathing on his neck, and Tony could feel his cock starting to wake up too.
Tony looked up to see Steve. He had noticed the date Steve had gone. For a moment he looked confused, but then he also seemed to realize what Happy had said and looked down.
"All good, buddy. All good," Tony replied grinning and looking at Steve who blushed a little and smiled back.
"Great, and you? he replied getting up from his desk. “Thank you for coming." Tony pointed her to come inside and take a seat.
"You survived without me all these years, Love," Pepper said and Steve realized there was silence after her words.
). And likewise, that strange desire made an appearance again. One that only at this moment he would allow himself to feel. A desire who spoke of giving life to his smile. He being responsible for his laughter. To give permission to those eyes to see him and release that caged, restricted passion he could sense.
. And even if this does not change a future that will continue its course as it should be. Today, I came to apologize, Tony. But above all things I came to tell you...
Tony woke up, and Steve wasn't in bed with him. He must have gone to the gym, he thought. He went down to the kitchen looking for coffee, but it was strange no one had made coffee yet. He set the coffee machine and headed to the dining room; no one having breakfast. If he thought it through, the compound was very silent, and that was rare. He would go to find Steve at the gym and even better if he was already in the sauna, he thought smiling. He walked to the gym, but it was also empty.
"He's ready," said Cho. At first, it was difficult to convince her, but she also understood Bruce's situation and agreed to carry out the procedure. "Whenever you say."
Steve was kissing him again, so the time for breakfast seemed far away now. Tony continued to get drunk on the sweet ambrosia of Steve's lips, and the desire to please each other seemed to be their only focus at that moment.
After hearing his name from Tony lips for the first time Steve was agreeing, to what, he did not know for sure. But he could not say no to a Tony who was asking for time to share with him. After all he had done and had happened, the consolation of a few more moments shared with Tony seemed to remedy all the pain once had existed. It also seemed to invite him to feel alive again.
"Yes," Tony said with a sigh. "Will you go with me?" He turned to look at him. He didn't know why he felt scared.
"He's downstairs. We were sorry about yesterday. It must have been very difficult to process when you saw him. We thought it would be better if we explain it to you first," Bruce replied.
Bruce had arranged everything so he could return the stones. They discussed it earlier in the morning and even with not all of them in agreement, clearly this was the best thing to do. He was going to return the infinity stones, and he will go alone. Maybe because
"Thanks Tony, I knew you would understand. I don't think it's easy. But it's a journey I'm willing to have," Bruce said, nodding.
"OK, but I thought you would stop doing that. Didn't you talk about retiring or something like that?  How come I don't know about it? Tell me where you are” Rhodey demand, now sounding worried.
"Sam's family lives here,” Steve replied with a sigh. “I often visit them to see they're well. I had no idea this storm would come."
"Please, you know the place better than me," Tony agreed thinking anything will be good as long as his stomach calms down.
"I'm fine," and it was Bruce's voice in a body that was still Hulk's. Tony was next to him immediately.
They stayed like that for a few minutes until Steve backed down, lying down with him. Tony hugged him tightly.
He managed to pass him out and stood up because he had to insert the last one. He ran and heard the shot first before feeling it on his leg, but got up and managed to insert it. Another shot, and he saw his stomach bleed. Tony closed his eyes very tightly overwhelmed by the pain and when he opened them he saw himself holding Thanos's hand in full force. For just an instant, the giant looked surprised, but hit him causing him to lose consciousness again. When Tony opened his eyes again, he saw Natasha sitting in the meeting room. “The other day I saw Tony and Pepper in the street. They did not see me.” Tony couldn't answer her or maybe he didn't want to. There was a silence between them. “Since when are you in love with him?” Natasha asked him.
Steve turned around a looked at him. There was a contained pain in his words when he spoke. “There is a part of me that tells me I must go. I should leave you alone because one day you will find your own path. And it will lead you to me or maybe not, but that must be your decision.”
Steve immediately stood by his side. "You cut yourself with a potato peeler, that seems impossible," he said with a tone of surprise and concern. He looked at Tony's hand, took him by the arm and brought him to the sink. It was not a very deep cut. Some alcohol and a band-aid would serve, Steve thought.
«I have loved you for so many years now, and I knew I should keep this for myself because you were with Pepper...» Steve said with a tremor in his voice that Tony had never heard before.
"No, I don't want air. Fuck, what the fuck is wrong with me?" Tony put his hands on the kitchen counter to try to calm down. He lowered his head and felt how the breath was shortened.
«You are here,» Tony repeated trying to touch her face. She leaned taking his hand, kissed it and put it on her cheek.
After a few games and more beers, Tony felt he needed some fresh air and headed to one of the gardens. Besides, Thor and his trick drink did blunt his head. He shouldn't have listened to him. He walked until he reached the center of the garden and closed his eyes as he tried feeling the floor was not spinning.
"You can't move," Tony said hoarsely in Steve ear. "It's an order, soldier," pressing a kiss on Steve’s neck.
Suddenly, he saw a door ajar, and something caught his attention. He entered and could not believe what he was seeing. It was like a library, but it seemed infinite, as if the proportions of the room extended in the space. Large bookshelves with what looked like millions of books occupied all the space. That had no logic. The room seemed bigger than the house.
Tony ran his gaze on his entire body until he looked into his eyes, and couldn't help feeling lost at Steve's penetrating gaze. Steve had a way of expressing everything with his eyes, or it was perhaps that Tony knew how to read them, he didn't know. "Good, yesterday I bought some frozen food, I really didn't know how long I would be here," Tony told him trying not to think of just throwing himself over Steve.
, Steve said to himself. He knew Tony was a smart guy, and if he wasn't asking about Loki anymore, it was because he considered that useless. He had figured something out. Actually, he did not know how many hours he was passed out, so maybe that must have given him enough time. He needed to give him an honest answer.
Steve smiled and answered him. «Actually, it was supposed to be a few days travel. So yeah, basically this is all I got»
Tony turned to leave, but Steve took him by the arm. He turned him around and was in front of him very close when he spoke. "We care about you Tony.
Steve bowed to her touch and closed his eyes. "I'm sorry, sometimes I can't help it," Steve confessed, then looked at her in the eyes.
They continued hugging for a few minutes, until both knew they had to get out of that comfort nest and face a reality that together seemed less painful.
"Yes. I touched the reactor to put on my suit, but it didn't work," Tony said, catching his breath a little.
"That's cheating," Tony said gasping for air while leaning his head on Steve's neck overwhelmed with his caresses. "Fuck, stop," he said after just a few seconds, and with both of his hands he took Steve by the neck to face him. "Back to the
They were enjoying the walk through the different stands of the fair. This was a more neutral space. Here the air was different, people's spirits were different. Everyone was cheerful, captivated, so joyful walking around and buying from the peddlers the memories of that day. There was a freedom that allow them to be jubilant, as if the world should stop because the town was united to celebrate.
. He wanted to say. Tony was turning back and forth in his bed without being able to sleep. He wanted to go and return that look to Steve, and not only that. For God's sake, he wanted to devour him and that was driving him crazy. Images of the sauna came to his mind and lodged in the lower part of his body. He couldn't keep up with Steve's burning looks of desire. That couldn't be his own fantasy if Steve looked at him that way too. He didn't want to reason, and didn't want to meditate if what he felt was right or wrong. He just wanted to get out of the already painful erection he had just thinking about Steve.
"You both have to visit me more often in New Asgard. I could introduce you to some pretty girls over there," Thor kept talking excited, and definitely unnoticed of what just happened. Tony couldn't see Steve to the face, and when they entered the lounge again, he immediately went to where Rhodey was.
«The compound, you said I was gonna miss you and I told you I would. It was an important moment for me» replied Steve as steadily as he could, but he could also see Tony was getting restless.
Tony closed his eyes and let the warm breeze of the summer day embrace him. His mind started wandering inside the memories shared with her. She was his world, his purpose, the reason for living.
Tony woke up again from a pleasant dream. He seemed to be having a better streak lately, he thought. Steve was not with him in bed, and Tony took the pillow in which Steve had slept and deeply breathed his essence while closing his eyes.
"I know, sweetheart," Pepper's mom said stroking his face. "We all miss her a lot," she said with a smile.
«I like to keep my prisoners at ease, not that I had one before. But it seems to be the right thing to do, you know» Tony said amused at Steve answer.
Everyone was very worried about Thor and with good reason. He had tormented himself because of what happened in Wakanda. At first, he refused to talk to anyone, but they kept insisting. Tony knew all they had to do was to be there with him, be a support and make him see he was not alone. It was quite complicated to try to help someone who felt broken when sharing the same grief. But as Rhodey had helped him, Tony felt compelled to make Thor see that he was not guilty of anything. None of them were, and now after what happened, they had each other. And that was the only thing that mattered.
"Wong. He said he would be here early today. Let's hope he brings the solution," Steve said convinced.
After helping to get the survivors out of the buildings and put out the fire. Tony saw Bruce talking to the chief firefighter, and Steve and Rhodey talking to the other firefighters. He knew he could not return to the compound.
“It is a losing battle,” Tony said with remorse. “I am sorry for hurting you. You did not deserve those mean words, and my irresponsible behavior let us to this moment. Please, forgive me.”
"Now I know," Steve told him smiling. "And I must tell you you will have to eat every 4 hours or feel that despair you feel now."
What he did not expect to see, was sitting at the kitchen counter. Steve turned to see him and was also surprised.
"Thanks, happy new year," Steve replied smiling, and he went to Chandra and Vishen who had approached the place where the rest was gathered.
"How can you do this to me?" Tony said smiling with his head in Steve's neck. He could feel Steve's chest move with a silent laughter.
"Fuck! Damn alarm! Why haven't I shot it down?” Tony protested. “Can't we give up saving the world for 5 minutes?" Tony said sighing with his forehead against Steve's.
Happy stared at Steve and then lowered his head to answer. "The doctor's appointment," he said half ashamed.
Steve smiled and bent down to kiss his neck. Tony closed his eyes trying not to make a sound into Rhodey's conversation.
Steve put the beer on the table near him and stood up approaching Tony. He was in front of him very close.
For his part, Tony watched as Steve climbed the stairs to his room. His life had changed the day Steve Rogers had appeared in it. He had known it for a long time although now he accepted it. Steve's footsteps as he walked away from him resonated in the silence. Tony could feel them as hurtful stabs his heart received. He couldn't follow him. He should let him go. Now he understood Wanda's vision, why Steve was the closest person to appear in it. The one who asked him to do more, to save them, to save
«Well, we cannot know for sure, and we should not risk more than we already have done. But also, the damage is done, don't you think? Here you are talking to me, now I know I am going to die at some point. So goodbye my longed-for immortality. You could stay maybe one day or two, and then you could go.» Tony wanted to explain himself as if everything was very reasonable, but he knew it wasn't. He didn't understand how he trusted this Steve so fast (although if he had wanted to hurt him he would have done so already).
"Admiring the starry sky or taking some air due to Thor's drink?" Steve was by his side, and Tony hadn't realized when he arrived.
At that moment Pepper entered with the bowls. "Do you have a headache? You want me to bring you a pill?"
"OK, I understand,” Steve said looking at him as if he knew something Tony didn't. “You must rest, Tony. We better talk tomorrow, good night," Steve said and headed towards the gym area.
They arrived at the compound and Bruce and Natasha took the elevator along with them. The first to get off was Natasha, and in the moment the door closed behind Bruce, Tony closed the distance between them and was kissing Steve ardently. Steve lifted him, and Tony wrapped his legs around him. Between kisses they reached Tony's room, and Steve went straight to the bed. Now they could explore other parts of their body again. They began to caress each other desperately wanting to feel and relive every sense of pleasure they already knew from their bodies. Steve kissed his neck and snapped Tony's shirt breaking the buttons.
Tony hoped nobody would have heard him. He thought he felt the echo of his orgasm throughout the entire house. A few minutes later, the feeling was still there. God, he was lost and did not know how to return.
"Whatever you need, buddy," Tony said with a nod. Sometimes it felt odd to hear Banner on Hulk's body. But Tony knew Bruce was very happy with what they had accomplished.
"Stop now, you lovebirds," Vishen said, looking at Steve and Chandra and rolling his eyes. "Happy New Year everyone! It's time to celebrate! Now we are all going to dance!" He then said speaking to the whole bar.
Tony tapped his reactor again and the suit disappeared completely. "I don't think we can still call ourselves Avengers anymore, but tell me how I can help you?" He tried to sounded calm, but his mind was wondering about all the possibilities of this unexpected encounter.
"Girls, behave yourselves," said the girls' mother gesturing them to stop. "Thank you very, very much. We will wait
He was not a saint either, but for God's sake, that man sometimes took him out of his right mind. He went to the gym sauna, with that, his day would definitely be complete.
"He's not a bad person, and you already know that. He was really worried about you," Rhodey said, drawing him out of his abstraction.
"You're mine," Tony told him, sinking his cock completely and making Steve's fiery, hard moan echoed on the room.
"But tomorrow, everything will be fine again," Pepper looked at him tenderly. "Tell me what I can do to help you?"
«OK, and talking about traveling light, that's all you got?» Asked Tony seeing his small travel pack.
Thor laughed, "I lost my other hammer because of my sister, the goddess of death, she broke it with her hands," he explained.
too. Find a way we can continue discovering what we like." Tony's mind created millions of thoughts and images in a second and then smiled in pleasure.
"Pretty normal on the way there. The return with Thor and his stories, funny," Steve smiled, "Bruce told me you finished the formula."
every day, I can’t deal with it. I won’t. From what the others have told me – which is not much by the way – it’s only about to get worse and apparently you and your friends think so, too. So… I’m gonna change that. Unless you’re happy to go back to those days,” he adds with a sarcastic, underlying tone in his voice and then waits for his companion’s reply. He stays silent and Peter isn’t sure whether that is a good or bad sign.
Tony was with Pepper and always would be until the end. There was nothing he could do about it, and he wasn't entitled to change it.
Steve laughed knowingly. "I think there is not much, but if you want I could prepare you a sandwich."
"Calm down, Blondie. We all want to get rid of those stones, but we also need to find the way you could handle and return them without dying," Rocket explained.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled at you that day. There was no way you knew I was on board of that ship. Even when you weren't close, it all happened so fast you wouldn't have been able to help either," Tony said now sounding embarrassed.
Tony lifted his head and breathed deeply. "Sometimes it's so hard and my mind betrays me. It wants to go to that strange place where my thoughts seem..." he kept thinking. "
How to make her understand that protecting the world was protecting her? It was complicated, if not very difficult to make Pepper understand he would join the team again to go fight a battle. Tony arrived at the compound and it was not dawn yet. Between the argument with Pepper and the thought of what was coming, he could hardly sleep. So he had decided to go to the compound to wait. Besides, he would have to make a special delivery. Tony stared at the shield in his hands and smiled. When he entered, he was surprise to see he was not the only one who seemed to have not slept all night. Natasha and Steve were already in the main room. They seemed to be discussing about the mission.
"Buddy, I don't think that is a good idea. It's only a matter of time. Tony has only been focused on the portal in recent days, has not stopped working day and night in the hangar. We all lived his pain for losing her. Now he is simply confused. But Steve, today you saw each other and I think we all clearly saw the end of all this..." Bruce was explaining him.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned against the sink holding himself with his hands. The images of Tony disappearing into his arms returned to his mind.
He didn't know why he couldn't stop looking at Steve. Obviously he had seen his body before. The tights he used did not leave much to the imagination. But now seeing him almost naked, because that towel did not cover much, Tony could not stop staring. The sauna had not been a good idea, he thought. He decided to close his eyes and try to focus on something else instead Steve's sweaty body. Only a few minutes passed, and he felt Steve moved.
"Yes, you must be tired with the week you had. Come on, I'll show you your room," Tony said, nodding.
"I just don't know how long you'll be here or if I won't see you again. In case you wanted me to come before, and we can talk for a while. I don't know, you could tell me how your life is going. Why you're a nurse. If you have a girlfriend or boyfriend or lovers. Or if you took advantage to win the lottery having all the knowledge you know about the future. My God, you returned to the 50s!" Tony paused. "But you have your mission too," Tony took a breath. "I think I should go. I feel a little frantic right now."
Tony's mind wasn't working properly he could say, because that idea was not a good idea. «I am sorry about before. I didn't mean to sound like a jailer, of course you can go whenever you want.
He knew they had battled mysterious forces, but he never imagined this could happen. Steve's reflection was still looking at him. Tony closed his eyes and the memory of kissing Steve invaded his mind. That instant revived in his head with such a force he could feel those lips and the sensations. Without thinking, he brushed his hand over those full lips and sighed.
, seemed to be even more dangerous than death. Steve pain convinced him. His grief, the sorrow contained in his words gave him a sense of despair that his own body could feel. The chills ran down his back and neck with the sound of Steve voice. And if he was honest with himself, the panic attack was perhaps more related with
"Friday, dear, I need to contact that girl of the conference day. Locate her and let me know," Tony said as he watched one of the screens.
«OK I challenge you to a dart game. If I win, we ride the attraction over there. If you win, we do whatever you want» Steve said, offering him a deal.
"It happened, what I was so afraid of, it happened. The world disappeared before my eyes and I couldn't do anything. I couldn't protect her," Tony said with remorse.
Steve nodded, took his hand away to continue driving, and Tony wished they had stayed with their hands entwined along the road.
way and lost himself along the road. Now Tony understood why Steve didn't want to talk about it. It wasn't a very light conversation, but Steve was right. Trying to comprehend himself, Tony wandered about his behavior and the way he coped with sadness. He understood he had to do something he liked, he was passionate about. It occurred to him it had to be more about motivation than distraction, if he could truly understand Bruce's words. He needed to use his time in something that was his own, his purpose. Hard to accept, but he was grateful Steve had helped him see it.  And what more than engineering and retake one of those projects he always wanted to do but thought he had no time before.
«It won't» Steve assured him, and he thought about the irony of those words trying to sound as good news.
Tony was lying in his bed and his mind as usual was working a thousand miles per hour. Another Steve, a time traveler.
"Yes, he asked me to return to the compound and now he is in his room. No one knows he has returned."
. He hadn't dared to ask Rhodey about his home before, and now he wasn't sure if he had enough strength to enter. After a few seconds, he put away his suit and took a few steps toward the house.
"Come here," Tony told him and Steve sat down. Tony took Steve's hand and filled it with lubricant taking it to his entrance. "Can you help me?" Tony whispered as he approached to kiss him. A moan immediately escaped from his mouth when he felt Steve put a finger carefully inside him.
Steve said his name. He broke the spell. Tony was alive, and he could say his name. He remembered him like this so clearly. Tony looked young and vital, full of energy…
Steve was starting to wake up. He felt dazed, but oddly enough his body seemed to have rested. He was lying in a bed he could not recognize and saw white walls he also didn't remember seeing before. Suddenly, he realized he did not remember anything of what had happened or where he was. He felt bewildered, but at the same time the images came back to hit him with a new flow of emotions…
"Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck Scale, which then triggers the Deutsch Proposition. Can we agree on that?" Tony said to Bruce who nodded.
"Until you left Carol alone for a moment," Steve said taking the beer. "Thanks. Could you give me a scotch, please?," Steve told the bartender and turned to see Tony.
"Well perfect, tomorrow 9 am. Someone will pick you up, don't worry about the rest," Tony told her focusing on one task on the screen.
A tear ran down Tony's face, he couldn't remember when was the last time he had cried or if he had ever really cried. Despite that, he could also feel the storm was slowly subsiding. Pepper's words were making him see the dreaded reality.
It seems like a losing battle from the start. He needed to be brave as he has never being in his life.
"Well, we need a good speech and there is no one better for it than Rogers. Please go to the center of the room," Natasha said raising the beer in her hand.
voice once more put Steve´s heart on a desperate running. He tried to get up but still felt dizzy and only managed to sit down. The fatigue of days without rest was ravaging him right now. He could not look up from the floor. He vaguely was dealing with waking up, and could not see
Tony pulled back a little to start walking and felt Steve by his side taking his hand to entwine their fingers. First he looked at their hands and then at Steve whose eyes once again spoke to him of a mix of love and desire.
Tony looked at her and for a moment he thought about kissing her, but then he remembered he was in Steve's body.
Steve could not help but smile. There they were, he had missed him so much. His jokes, his cleverness. The way they could be around each other with the pleasant feeling of their friendship…
"He is your equal," Pepper replied, holding back her tears. "You admire him, and he helps you fulfill your true self. He inspires you to be better at what you already are. And I can't compete against that."
Standing in front of the lake, Tony once again asked Steve to come to his side. He missed him hopelessly and realized during that morning he had not been able to feel him. He closed his eyes breathing deeply. A soft breeze began to wrap him, and that warm only Steve seemed to convey to him began to bristle his skin.
"I was afraid,” Steve said with an aching voice. “I was so scared of losing you, I did not dare to tell you about your parents. And I fooled myself thinking it was the best for you, when obviously it was only for me. I was so selfish, and I am deeply sorry for all the pain I caused you." Steve took a deep breath while his eyes kept looking at Tony intensively. "At that moment Bucky was the only person from my past, and I thought he was the only one who I could really have by my side. With Bucky back, to find my best friend again, it meant to find myself again. Because I believed with the past back I could start living again. Another lie to myself to be able to live in a world where I could not fit in, did not understand, but felt I could finally return if I was with him." Steve paused for a moment and watched Tony's angry eyes give in just a little at his words.
"I will," Steve replied and kissed him again. His tongue did not ask permission this time and threw itself into Tony's mouth with despair. Tony's moan was hidden under the kiss. He rested his hands over Steve's pants to bring him closer so he could feel how much he needed him.
"4 days," Pepper replied sitting again in the bed. "Yesterday when you woke up, Rhodey and I were with Wong. He was explaining us he could try something he found."
Steve smiled and approached him. Tony couldn't look at him in the eyes. "I'd love to see you again. I was about to ask you," Steve told him and Tony looked up.
However, Steve thought he would not make it so easy. When they started kissing again, he remembered Tony had wrapped his cut hand only with the towel. So he broke the kiss and took Tony hands that kept trying to open his pants without success. "Be careful, let me help you," Steve said between breaths, pulling Tony's hands away from his pants and kissing him back. But then Steve moved very fast and opened Tony's pants instead, reaching with his hand along the length of his member.
"It was the only way, Cap. We both had to go through. If we hadn't done it that way we wouldn't have been able to get all them out the way we did," Tony explained calmly.
"You have the opportunity you once lost. This is an extraordinary situation. It had never happened in the life of anyone, ever. It happened to you, and it must be terrifying." Steve said trying to sound comprehensive, while also containing all the pain that was breaking his heart. “And become a father. I know how you wanted that.”
Sarah cleared her throat, "Hot would be better. I think the same," she looked somewhat impressed but tried to hide it quite well when she spoke.
"I asked Friday what was the least dangerous path, so Rhodey could go that way," Tony said with a sigh.
“It is not about time. I love her. She is everything and there is nothing left inside me,” Tony said with sadness.
«Tony, I don't think is a good idea. We don't know what we are creating with me staying longer» said Steve with concern.
«There's no need for explanations, Cap,» Tony said looking straight to the lake. His words came out with a hint of sharpness.
Steve followed him to the second floor where there were several rooms. Without thinking, or so he wanted to think, Tony pointed the room next to his.
«Why are you here?» Tony said this time with a firmer tone and an expression on his face Steve could not tell if it was suspicion or trepidation.
The next morning, Tony woke up early and left the house at dawn. He didn't say goodbye. They both knew it was too painful. It seemed they had lived a lifetime by spending a weekend together.
“I am not asking you to stop loving her. It would not be fair,” Steve said, “You ask for forgiveness and here I am being selfish not letting you have your grief.” He turned around and looked at the night sky. “I want to fight your demons, Tony. I want the guilt, the remorse, the shame to be over so you can
In a few seconds Tony felt relaxed and moved his hips a little giving Steve permission to continue. Steve pushed into him at a lazy pace first, fearful of harming Tony. Like that was a promise of pleasure for which there was no need to despair. They kissed again, and Tony rolled and pushed back. His intense moan of pleasure that echoed on the room, was born from the burning sensations of having Steve inside him and his stroke to his newly awaken cock. But Tony wanted to please him, and Steve seemed only to think about how to please him. Tony kissed Steve and suddenly pulled away from him to lie on the bed with his legs open.
Steve went to read about the author, while Tony walked through the exhibits. Apparently, Montagne had fought in World War II, like Steve, and when it ended he studied English philology. The veteran had published several books of poems that won acclaimed awards. This made Steve think about what he would have studied when the war ended. If he considered it closely, he had always liked to draw.
"Yes, Banner and I fought her, right my friend?" Thor turned to Bruce, "I even lost an eye because of her, but thanks to my other friend here, Rabbit, I have my vision back"
He didn't know it and as absurd as it seemed he believed him. The questions of how and why vanished before his presence. He could only see him. He also had to accept that for small instants, he felt overwhelmed for having that knowledge. Since leaving the cave, his battle against death seemed to be an endless contest. Now he knew she was the winner. That didn't scare him, but he did think about the world he would leave behind. He felt responsible and believed perhaps he had done little to protect it, to protect Pepper, the meaning of his world. He would take that announcement from Steve as an incentive to continue improving. Make his armor better, help the team improve theirs, give more scholarship, finance more tech projects. At least leave his contribution so the future is still there without him, but protected.
Cho started injecting the formula and everyone was holding their breath. They looked how the liquid was disappearing from the syringe and entering Bruce's brain. A minute later and Cho was withdrawing the syringe.
«On your left,» Steve said to Sam when he passed by him. There was always time to play with him, he thought smiling.
Even though his heart warned him that it would be very difficult to cope, Tony decided to go up to the room he shared with Pepper. When he reached the door, it was closed. His hands landed on the handle, however, he didn't know if he could open it. He had fought a titan and yet, he felt defeated by a simple handle on his hands. When Tony decided to open it, he wasn't sure if it was just his imagination, but he could feel her smell. It was so fresh, so new that it seemed as if she was still there. He entered, and his eyes searched for her desperately, even when his mind told him that he confused memory with reality.
Inside the house, everything was very clean and tidy. It didn't have the exact furniture of Tony's future house, which made everything less painful, and it also created a different environment. They walked through the living room, kitchen, and the backyard that had a beautiful view of the lake. Tony explained him there were some rooms on that floor, but the main rooms were on the second one. There was food in the fridge, fruit on the kitchen counter. The owners had left everything very neat for their arrival.
. That's you Tony, the genius, the witty, the man of daring and risky ideas. Yes, but so bright that they always work," Steve explained.
Tony couldn't believe how silly he felt about having to distance from Steve. Lost, he was completely lost, he thought with a smile on his face while going to the lab.
Tony was standing at the end of the wooden path over the lake. He was admiring the night sky and feeling the peacefulness that surrounded that place. How would he love to be there with her, he thought. Eleven months had passed since the last time he had her in his arms, but the memories had not lost its strength yet. He could still feel the warmth of her body as he hugged her, and the sweetness of her tender lips. When he thought of her, he could still see that sweet smile that kept his heart alive for so many years.
Tony approached Steve with full force and began to kiss him fervently. When their lips touched after so long, they felt a blast of energy finally burn inside them. Steve groaned softly, low in his throat, and took him by the waist to pull him closer. Tony took him by the neck and hair, drawing him to deepen the kiss. A union of their lips that devoured any remnant of longing. After a moment, they paused to recover their stolen breaths. They looked into each other's eyes and comprehended both accepted the fate they were choosing together. They kissed again, and their tongues danced blissfully in a secret ritual. A celebration whose music was the quiet moans one provoked to the other.
. He smirked enjoying the warmth of Steve's breathing on his neck. The images of what they had done the night before came back to his mind and he couldn't help but sigh eagerly. Before long, he felt Steve hug him with a sigh too.
. That didn't help, and neither the image of that large reddened cock before his eyes. Tony closed his eyes trying not think where he would like that cock to be. He couldn't help it and took it in his hand. He immediately had to put the other hand on the wall to hold himself when a groan with Steve's voice came out of his mouth. He gave it a hard stroke and heard the moan of his own lips again. Tony closed his eyes and his mind returned to the kiss scene. How their bodies were so close together, touching every part of them. Steve kissed him as if he wanted to merge into him. A crushing passion he had never felt in his life. Tony could only think it was he who was pleasing that body, it was his hand that was taking that big cock and making Steve moan.
Steve snorted. "It was just a question I asked Bruce," Steve said without turning around. Tony's voice accelerated his heartbeat with pangs that hurt too much.
"Congratulations to the whole team who met in short time to get this project underway. But above all to the genius and creator of a better world with his inventions, Tony Stark," said the governor.
Tony moved extremely fast to take his phone, and he immediately answered the call without seeing who it was. At that moment, Steve let out a breath he had held for several minutes. He allowed himself to breathe again. Tony went out through the door to the front of the house,  and he leaned over the kitchen counter trying to recover and understand what had happened.
"Hi honey, don't make an effort to get up. We can help you," Pepper spoke to him very softly as if she didn't want to upset him.
"It has been wonderful, Tony. I have loved to share these days with you. I don't know how to thank you," Steve said, trying to express not only how grateful, but how delighted and complete he could feel for having lived those days exclusively with him.
“You are Natasha Stark right? Iron Man’s boss?” Tasha smiles at the little girl, sure, for the public, Iron Man is her bodyguard, the only ones who know about her secret are her closest three friends, the Avengers and just every SHIELD employer
“The Stark Tower? That big ugly... building in New York?” Steve interrupts his rant at seeing the scowl on the kid’s face, it was more like a pout really, just when he thinks she can’t be more adorable...
Tony opened his eyes and saw a gaze of love, passion and melancholy that spoke about Steve's heart. "I'm here," he said staring at him.
Today from a hotel room in Granada, leaning on the large window with a view of The Alhambra, Steve watched Tony sleep peacefully. The light of his reactor illuminated the room a little. He couldn't feel more grateful. In a few days, they would return to their home. The lake house that united them for the first time and now was their refuge from the world. Where they were only the two of them. Steve couldn't remember the exact moment he knew he was in love with Tony. He had only told himself he should move on and had done so for long time. For a while, he became attracted to Shannon and had learned to shut up his heartbeat when he was with Tony. And right there, when life gave him this day and each one he had lived with Tony, then all made sense. He had loved Peggy, but to live with Tony, knowing each other as they did now. The intimacy, the acceptance of the other, comprehending who they were, the good and bad moments lived, gave a greater meaning to love.
«Well I cannot remember for sure, and yeah, I still am a spoiled child. You bet there are things will never change» Tony said with a smirk on his face.
Steve climbed the stairs to the kitchen as fast as he could. When he entered, he saw Tony standing at the front of the counter with an absent look but aimed at the empty glass in his hands. A closed whiskey bottle accompanied the view. After the reflection of his entrance, Tony looked up.
. He stopped to look at him and in his mind the memories kept coming. Suddenly, a thought seemed to invade him, and Tony couldn't help but be amazed at it. Steve seemed to feel his presence and woke up.
Steve softly laughed. "I'm sorry, Love. But I promise you I'm going to make up for you tonight," Steve said stroking his face.
"Steve," Bruce sighed and took a pause. "We cannot alter what has already happened. It existed and there is no going back. If you stayed in the past, you would only create an alternative timeline. But no, you would not alter this timeline," Bruce replied defeated.
Steve took a deep breath and stared at the sky. Bucky spoke to him with such a wisdom. As someone who has lived enough to know best. But Steve was fighting an internal battle.
«OK. First we sent the Blondie here for the test. We correct everything we need and do this on Monday morning,» Rocket said entering the room. «What do you think?»
Instead he will be the only one having to be comforted by a father already over it. It sounds alien in his head, and makes him want to curl away from him. His father notices the rising tension in his son’s body and places a hand onto the nape of his neck.
Nate stays silent and in the way his eyes focus in on him he seems to know exactly what Peter is talking about.
Disdain slowly crawls across his face, half of it hidden behind his arms crossed on top of his knees, as his eyes fall on the rays of sunshine brightening the warm summer day outside the window. Inside –
There it is, all the build-up anger, all the misplaced confusion he finally lets go, while the hard stare of his father grows colder and colder.
For several minutes the silence in the lab stretches on. At last Tony deflates with a trembling sigh and finally glances at the shards with a sharp pain in his eyes, as if they physically cut him.
Because the second one is nothing Tony deserves nor wants right now or ever, Rhodey focuses on the first.
He hates himself for the audible tears in his voice, he hates himself for showing him how much this hurts, but it is what finally gets through to his father.
And with wide eyes he stares at the blood splattered across the window and Henry’s lifeless body sinking towards the ground, before the plane lifts into the air and away from it all.
With shaking fingers he leaves the living area behind of him and stumbles towards what is left in the facility for him to comb through. Maybe something happened, maybe they are in one of the medical rooms, maybe even in the hospital by now-
The kitchen area and the large living room, equipped with several entertainment devices pops only rolls his eyes at in silent desperation, are completely deserted. No Rhodey. With a silent curse on his lips Peter strolls on, out of the living area and into the nearly equally as deserted hallways. It’s Sunday. Most of the staff are back home probably.
A part of him wants to hit himself. His father is clearly in no state of mind to handle this sort of question or rebellious behavior, he should be touched with gloves right now until he comes back on his own-
But it’s different and even in his messed up state of mind he can’t deny it. This… It’s not the rush of excitement and engineering that has always grabbed a hold of his father in the most unusual of times; it’s a numb stupor, one Peter isn’t familiar with at all. He has heard the stories on stormy evenings without his parents around; a time in which everything was new and bitter and not as tightly knotted as now. When aims were different, when minds were lost, when people were alone.
With an honest smile Peter stops her with a wave of his hand. “Not your fault for having rude customers,” he replies and tries not to use the same word Nate did, while an imaginary
His hand is genuinely stuck to the fridge door. Something akin to panic begins to bubble up in the back of his throat, because he still remembers the most memorable part of the school trip, no matter how much he tries to shove it further and further away from his consciousness. With a rushed “See you in five Happy, bye” he indicates Friday to cut the call.
The thought echoes around in his mind, when he comes to a stop in front of the open lab. Multiple desks are set up in various sizes and holding unrecognizable items at this point in time – without a doubt they’ll be featured either in the Stark product line or in one of the various suits and weapons soon. Screens hinder his line of sight, when Peter tries to get a good look throughout the room; it’s not the same as the one in the tower, he thinks stubbornly, until the cup grows too warm for comfort under his fingers and he remembers why exactly he is here.
For the first time in forever the absence of the usual background noise of New York is not pressing down onto his chest, instead the absolute silence wraps like a blanket around his trembling shoulders and keeps him afloat in a sea of misery.
With an inaudible sigh he puts the note onto the table to his side and grabs a cup to get himself some of the coffee that must have been brewed up by Rhodey (no sign of his dad), when a thought not as dark and gloomy as the others stops his movements.
When he recognizes them – the fading colors so clearly embedded in his memory, a dark pit opens in his stomach and nearly floors him.
“I doubt that. He has always been very adamant about your whereabouts and he will be especially now.”
He is not going to put it all out there, no matter how much Nate might be able to help him at the moment. He isn’t family. He doesn’t know shit, when it comes down to it.
The bag over his shoulder will be a dead giveaway though, Peter muses, so he bends down to shove it messily under his bed for the moment. As soon as he’ll know more, he can retrieve it safely. Since Jarvis is gone (where on earth is Vision by the way?) and Friday still occupies the Avengers Tower back in New York City, for when Peter is in town for school and mostly unsupervised, there is no A.I. out in the Avengers facility yet to give him away.
“Not happening if you’re already fired due to you bitching about him with your little friends and siding with Captain America.”
The question is out before he can think about it, colder than he intentioned and than Tony probably deserves, but…
His father’s carefree voice doesn’t want to fit to the clenched fists on the desk and to the tenseness in his stance. Nonetheless Peter keeps going. If he’ll just
“To be honest I think the guy is slowly losing it. With everything that went on it wouldn’t surprise me, if he’s finally going mad. Scientists and all that, ya know?”
“Oh my god” he says closing the back door “I knew you were still alive! Oh, wow, Can I just say, Miss, if it’s not too much trouble... I’m your and Iron Man’s biggest fan”
“A Viking funeral huh? Dead by oil, public execution, it has to look like the motives are political” her eyes wander all over the place, making deductions and calculations
“Just you two?” Tasha asks, even if it's not unusual for both of them to team up against the world, the genius expected more baby SHIELD agents doing the dirty work
Steve can’t sleep, again. But this time, the reason is a snarky, abrasive, kind and cute genius. He doesn’t really think that he's pinning, (Nat, Clint, Bruce, Fury, Coulson, and Rhodey call bullshit) but he's certainly interested in the younger woman, she has something that Steve can’t quite name, that make everyone be more protective of her, yet she isn’t any damsel in distress. In the two years he knew her, she had been kidnapped five times, four of which she had practically rescued herself and the other the kidnappers couldn’t even take her with them, so that's that.
Her next stop is a huge work store, where she buys at least three carts in supplies, she has her long wavy hair down covered by a baseball cap and her eyes behind sunglasses, fortunately for her the clerk looks so tired that he doesn’t even look at her. She rents a cheap motel room and takes the matter in her own hands by building different kinds of weapons, tasers, and electric gloves, she did say that she and not Iron Man was going to get The Mandarin after all
“I’m not walking away when my people need me” is what he says instead because he knows that this neither the time or place to ask her personal questions like that
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out, Tash” he takes her hand and kisses the little wounds there, Natasha sees him with a pained look. Steve really wants to take away all her suffering, she is a 20-year-old for god’s sake! she should be optimistic and full of hope for the future (even he was like that and he didn’t know whether he was going to live for the next day with all his diseases and with what the were living in the war), she definitely shouldn’t have the tired look in her eyes, one Steve desesperately wants to make better, he knows it isn’t his place though “You can talk to him after all is over, right now we’ve got to put that aside and get this done, Now Loki only needs a power source, we can put over a list, check most likely places where he-”
“Ms. Stark!” an older man calls to her and give his hand “Ho Yinsen” Tasha mutters something about never meeting a Ho before under her breath “I would like to introduce you to our guest, Dr. Wu”
“You know? We all begin wide-eyed, pure science... but then, the ego steps in, the obsession, then you look up and you realize... you are a long way from shore” Maya sadly whispers, after explaining what she did, Steve takes a pause from checking all the possible escape routes for the fifth time and looks at her
“But that’s also what Stark Industries used to do... You know the difference? Tasha decided to do what's right, and she stopped selling weapons altogether, so, how about instead of judging so harshly, why don’t you do that?... Do the right thing” the scientist looks at him with wide eyes
"Do you now?" Steve raises an eyebrow, then he frowns "I don't remember seeing her all night now that you mention it"
funny story: some descriptions like the "Fucking Chitauri Leviathan" actually comes from The Avengers' script :v
"At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me" Steve answers while unraveling the tape off his hands and packing his stuff
“Miss, shall I call Mr Rhodes or Ms Potts?” JARVIS asks and she gulps, if she does make it out of this alive, they are going to kill her
She is young, spoiled and selfish, and she doesn't mind breaking a few hearts just to get what she wants. Who would've thought that the demons she created that night would come back to hunt her? surely she didn't
“It’s me babe, now, last time I went missing, if I remember correctly you came looking for me like my knight in shiny armor, what are you doing and who did you change me for?”
“He was a great person, even when I had nothing I had Bucky, do you know what’s that like?” Tasha nods fondly and knocks her glass number 'only God knows at this point'
She was 18 when she trashed her home by throwing a tantrum, granted, she was being childish and probably letting her mother and aunt Peggy down, but she was dying, and nobody knew (her own disappointment in trying to find another element that could replace the palladium was enough without having to deal with the worry of her family, thank you very much). Then she learned that if it weren't for Natalia, she would really have died. Despite everything, Tasha couldn't stop thinking about whether the spy save her because of her or because Iron Man... especially after reading her report ‘Iron Man- Yes, Toni Stark- Not recommended’
“Look... about what happened... I’m sorry okay? I was a kid, I was drunk, and look... as a personal favor, you should be grateful nothing happened cause I was kind of illegal back then, so hey! No hard feelings right?”
“Only if you make Bruce do the same, it’s not fair he gets to stay in his science outbreak and I have to rest, I’m younger than him! I have more energy!” she childishly whines, making Steve smile fondly. In the two years he has spent in the Avengers Tower he has learned how petty (
For the son of a genius and nephew of a scientist with a brain capacity bigger than that of his entire school combined, he feels far too stupid recently.
Far in the back of his mind his father has the intended effect on him with that calm voice he always uses, when he knows how terrified Peter is, but all he is able to focus on is the smell of whiskey and the rough underlying tone in his dad’s voice that puts him on edge.
“Maybe. But at the moment he isn’t the best role model for the kid either – he’s fifteen for God’s sake. Even Rogers would be better, all public enemy business aside…,” first guy replies with a hint of sarcasm in his voice, but the one with the laugh picks up on the idea.
When his voice finally breaks, Peter is pulled into Tony’s chest. He desperately tries to get away, because with the loving and familiar embrace all emotions seem to crash in on him all at once, but the more he struggles, the more Tony pulls him into his arms.
“He has barely any left,” he mumbles instead with some pity for farmer-guy, because apparently Nate has been some Flash-on-steroids-kind-of-kid, if Henry’s remarks are anything to go by.
The groan escaping his lips distantly reminds him of a sixty years old, but every muscle in his body aching for some rest makes it insignificant. With heavy breaths he finally enters the lab through the open door – at least one things seems to stay the same – and leans against the doorframe to his left, because the only chair in the room is occupied. When Tony doesn’t react to his conversational gambit, he adds with a grumpy voice, “You know, the physician you’re forcing me to see, because our team kinda shot me out of the sky?”
“Wait, is this some ‘I’m secretly siding with the other team’-stuff, because then I’m so out of this conversation-“
For the first time he seems to acknowledge Peter’s silent presence behind of them. Before the scowl on his face can deepen any further in obvious curiosity and suspicion, Nate puts himself in between them and refuses to budge.
For once he doesn’t waste a thought about packing it all carefully – there is no pops to chide him and dad couldn’t care less at the moment.
“No, calm down. But think about it – we have no clue whether it’s for Stark’s… personal information or for the government and Ross to take them out once and for all. And in my low-minded opinion that’s a scenario none of them are able to afford at the moment.”
I really hope I can keep the frequenzy up from August onwards - I'll begin another apprenticeship at that time and'll be out the house basically Monday - Friday all day. So only the weekends to write. We'll see how it goes - hopefully I'll settle in there easily and get enough motivation from you lovely people.
The scowl disappears, the tight grip around the tool in his hand loosens and then he seems to deflate, before he comes over with long steps to pull Peter into his arms. The soft kiss onto his scalp blows the upcoming fears away without effort and for the first time since Peter entered the Avengers facility yesterday, breathing in and out seems less heavy.
His feet slip into the slippers at the end of the couch, before he drags his waking body into the kitchen to get something to eat, because
When he is sure that they’ll be enough for his little trip, Peter throws a quick glance around his room – most of his things are back in the tower anyway – and stops at the two pictures standing on his desk. The anger melts away a bit to make way for some remorse, then he gets up to pack them as well.
Peter shouldn’t be ungrateful – after all Nate actually got him out of there – but he can’t help the frustration slowly building up. By the time they’ll leave the country for real (if Nate is actually willing to go through with that and not just wasting time to contact his dad), Tony will find them one way or another. They should go as long as they still can, while his father broods away in his lab.
So what happened during the bite? A venom? It would explain his sickness, but not everything else afterwards. A serum? Something like pops’? Would they go that far? Do they even have the resources?
The calm and emotionless voice is drowned out for a moment by the unexpected groan of metal under immense pressure and breaking plastic, then dead silence.
There is that tone he absolutely resents. The one he only ever used at the VA, counseling and connecting and
So instead of geeking out in peace with people he got to know years ago, he quickens his steps further and further, until he bursts into his parents’ room at a mad sprint without even wasting a thought about knocking first.
They could be anywhere on the planet. Literally. Even if he finds out their whereabouts, how is he to get there? Charter a private jet from his dad? Sure, great idea, maybe he’ll ask him to come along while he is on it.
The aggravated tone in his dad’s voice dims his relief a little bit and the cheerful words die on his lips, when he listens to their argument a little bit more closely. Only now does he take notice of the turned on TV and the news that are displayed in the background of the exam room.
Nate remembers his conversation from before all to vividly. His eyes seem to darken and for once he pulls Peter with him and leads the way instead without further comment.
“Will do, thank you very much, Henry,” Nate cheerfully replies and puts Peter even more on edge. For being a simple IT-department employee, he knows an awful lot about behaving like aunt Nat, whenever she wants something and turns eerily nice to get it one way or another.
He is stuck in a full on rant (his uncle had it coming, really), when a chime from Friday alerts him of Happy’s presence on the level. His voice falls silent in an instant and the immediate mood change is clearly audible. Peter doesn’t have the time to care though.
The voice of the newscaster breaks off and with a trembling breath Peter eagerly sucks in cold air. Still her voice keeps ringing inside of his head, disrupting any thought that tries to form.
bad. He just knows somehow, Nate needs to realize they have to leave, as fast and as far as possible-
The fact that Nate takes his time to study Peter and then looks away with a deep sigh is like a punch in the gut. He knows his dad better than anyone else besides pops. He never would. Not in a million years.
His hushed voice breaks off when he hears Happy not too far away calling for him. With a weary “Just call me back.
Out of the corner of his eyes he sees Bucky nod. He yanks his head up, Pops shares a last important glance with his best friend, one he can already guess the meaning of but doesn’t waste another second on. The moment Bruce announces the last digit of the countdown, Peter rips himself out of Sam’s grasp and sprints for the platform. It’s an automatic process, no button pushing, so Bruce won’t be able to stop it in time. Now he only has to adjust the time a little bit-
His hopeless attempt to fresh up a little bit still leaves his skin pale, eyes red and hair standing into every which way, and with a final glance at the time he makes his way into the kitchen of the shared living area. It is as abandoned as the day before, this time though Peter is glad about it. If pops would see him like thi-
Tony lost himself in his gaze, and then his eyes looked at Steve's lips for a moment as if some idea had crossed his mind. He looked down again and headed for the door. There he turned around. "I'll see you in a while," he said smiling.
"I love you," Tony said staring at him. "I am in love with you, Steve Rogers," he took him by the neck. "
Tony closed his eyes smiling. Fatigue washed over his body with every second. He wanted to be awake, talk to Steve. They should talk...
Because if something he was sure, it was that she didn't say it for the blonde girl. What mess he was getting into, he had to stop. He headed back to where the rest was.
"Thanks Steve, for being so good and understanding with me these days. You were a great support," Pepper turned to Steve.
"Thanks, I didn't know how much I was needing to talk about this," Tony said gratefully. "To not be that kind of doctor, you did it quite well," and both laughed.
Tony looked at their hands together, and how he had inadvertently responded by squeezing Steve hand tightly. Then he looked at Steve and felt like he was not longer trapped. As if a very small flame was gaining strength so the light could enter and dissipate the mist.
"I know how difficult all this can be. I have lived it long enough to know it is not easy to accept it. Even less learn to live with it,” Steve paused as thinking how to continue.
"We'll see that later. But it seems like a good idea," Steve said looking at Tony who stared at him for a few seconds before answering.
Then, without warning, that thought assaulted him with the same force of the emotions rooted in it. That moment came back to haunt his peace.
Steve scolded himself. He remembered discussing during the brainstorming in the compound they should not mess with time, and even
Tony smiled when he saw Pepper touching Clint's wife's belly. He took a look at everyone gathered there. There was quite a lot of noise with so many children running from side to side. Peter was now making Happy laugh, maybe telling him some of those bad jokes he knew. Rhodey was talking with Sam, and Clint and Bucky seemed to be fighting over a card game...
"Come for me, Steve," Tony told him with a hot breath in his ear. It didn’t take much more for Steve to cum. His erratic thrusts pushed him over the edge releasing an explosion inside of Tony. One thrust hit that blissful spot that sent Tony to paradise, and that was all it took for him too.
They stared at each other allowing the energy to be reunited once more. Their lips were approaching very slowly, as if they wanted to stop time and live every moment million of times. They could feel their breaths. They inhaled the essence of who they were with every breath they took from the other. When theirs lips finally touched, their movements were so slow as if none of them wanted to hasten the pleasure their caresses provoked. And so, after savoring a few moments of ecstasy, their tongues touched each other welcoming bliss. It was
Tony groaned when he felt the brush of those lips again. The closeness of their bodies became pure pleasure in an instant. The hand on Steve's face passed to his hair and with the other he clung to his shoulder. There it was that indomitable passion again. With just one kiss, Tony felt Steve telling him about forgiveness, about a confession finally free, a hidden desire, about
"Oh no, wait a second. Or is it because he was the reason why it was easy for you not to be with me?," Tony asked bitterly. "No! Even better! Is it your conscience?! Which does not support having made me bear the knowledge of my own death!" he finished saying out of breath.
"FRIDAY, look for a place we can take refuge without having to travel far. I won't be able to take them on a single trip," Tony pointed out and saw Steve approach the families to calm them down.
. The world was theirs again. An overwhelming electricity possessed Tony's body making him sigh at the soft caresses of Steve's lips.
“Love,” Steve said to his mouth very close, and then kissed him. “Love,” kissing his face. “Love,” kissing his neck. “Love,” kissing him again.
"Don't come near, please," Steve told him but Tony could also feel the anguish that caused his closeness. The battle Steve was fighting inside him and stopped.
Tony stood in front of Steve, took him by the neck and spoke to him with his forehead to his. "You bring me back to life," he said with a sigh.
«It's intriguing, isn't it? He seems to be resting, like he needed it. But yes, keep him there until you have everything» Tony replied.
"We have to go back to the compound right now," Tony said enthusiastically. "Friday, call Bruce," he said taking his phone and heading for the stairs. "We had breakfast on the road, Love," he shouted happily as he went to their room.
"Although you went to the past and had those two encounters with him, everything has run its course. It seems the story was not altered or rather acquired another meaning. But the end remains the same," the last words of Strange sounded with sadness.
Tony moved causing Steve lost control in his position. A very visceral growl came out of the mouth of Captain America, and Tony closed his eyes feeling the pain of his abandoned cock that was writhing at Steve's throaty sounds. He tried to move again to touch himself. He could no longer resist, however, this caused Steve to lose control again. "
