Dean chuckled self-consciously and shut the door carefully. He turned back around slowly cause he could feel his cheeks warming. “Yeah, I guess. But what else was I going to do with it? Dad would flip.”
Well, it meant he was horny as fuck and ready to get laid by a gorgeous, captivating man. But who could blame him?
“Homo what now?” Benny asked, confused.
“Hmm,” Dean hummed. Daniel Craig punched Javier Bardem in the mouth. “You’re missing the good stuff.”
“Date,” Dean explained. “Charlie hooked me up.”
This vic had been single, no kids, so the property was abandoned for the time being, the yellow tape around the grounds demarking a lonely site with dark memories. They’d be lucky if none of the victims became restless spirits themselves.
A slim digit nudged his entrance and Dean didn’t know whether to clench or throw his legs open wider, so he did neither. Barely breathing, Dean felt the first finger slide in slowly.
“Let me finish,” Castiel cuts him off coldly. “You didn’t return two phone calls I asked you to follow up on. You were late twice this week alone.” Dean’s heart is sinking quickly. This is all true, and he knows it. “Mr. Winchester, your performance is lacking.”
There’s more silence when he finishes, and then she punches him in the chest. She grimaces, shaking her hand and mutters to herself, “shoulda seen that coming, goddamn abs of steel.”
She taps a few buttons, looks up brightly. And wow, that girl is good. Let’s hope she never uses her powers for evil.
Cas’s ribs are a mess of mottled flesh under the dirt and blood – like someone’s been kicking him in the chest on a semi-regular basis. There are barely healed cuts, long, thick slices, along his arms, artfully placed to avoid any major arteries or veins.
“Why catch?”
So instead of another alcohol fuelled downward spiral, he sits on his phone and looks up the Arsenal. Ex-chemical weapons manufacturing site, okay, nasty, but cleaned up and now it’s a nature reserve. Stranger things have happened. He really hopes they did a good job of that clean-up and he isn’t going to have to add mutant deer to his list of known monsters.
“I think we got more beat up by those other hunters than the demons.” Sam comments. “I mean, it’s the 21
“Looks that way.”
Hannah shucks his grip, responds tersely.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Fine.”
Charlie ignores Dean’s relentless pacing, resists making a comment about wearing tracks in the carpet. She knows it’ll just bounce off him, like everything seems to these days. He’s not drinking at the moment, but she knows it’s only a pause. The minute she takes her eye off him, he’ll be chugging it down again. He’s throwing himself into this, into the hunt and the fight, but when they’re gone, all that pain and all that bullshit is still going to be there. Is probably going to take him down with it.
“I don’t know, Cas. I don’t fucking know.”
And like the dumbfuck he is, he says yes. Because man, he’s a good person and he knows a lot of people who’d pick her up aren’t. Better he takes her with him to his hometown of bumfuck nowhere, Lebanon KS – where she probably won’t be able to get into any trouble because let’s face it there’s balls all there – than  leaves her by the side of the road to get murdered or kidnapped or any of the other nasty shit his imagination is starting to supply.
“What about a hammock?”
“Yes, Dean?”
Woah, there. There’ll be plenty of time for that stuff later.
“I’m your
“The Dean I knew wouldn’t ever have killed himself.”
“You’re ridiculous, I hope you know that.”
“I’m thinking of your longterm comfort, assface.”
So it goes.
Dean’s temper finally snaps. He lashes out at Crowley, punching him square in the face.
Sam vaguely hopes he’s about to get his restraints cut, but somehow he knows that isn’t going to happen.
Dean rips it off, reads it carefully.
"You shouldn't have had to endure that, I apologise."
“I dunno. Visit more angels?”
“You didn’t know, it’s cool. But now you do. So yeah.”
“That’s what it’s starting to look like.”
Well, that’s helpfully fucking vague.
“Cas, dude, can you please reign in your idiot?” Charlie asks.
Lucifer walks a handful of paces, turns back and watches with arms folded.
Dean shakes his head roughly. “It knew Amara’s name. But I don’t, I don’t think so. We did the spell, sealed him back in. Unless…”
She’s lucky it’s not Dean, there’s something about him when he’s vulnerable that she can barely stand. It hurts, like a goddamn knife wound. Sam she can deal with a little easier, he’s dissimilar enough to herself that she can give him what he needs – wind him around to other points of view. Dean, she understands far too goddamn viscerally.
Orcus doesn’t come back. Not the first time, not the second, not the eighth. Even when Dean moves onto normal crossroads summonings, no dice.
“This is harder than it looks.” He says through gritted teeth, and Cas hums in agreement.
He gets unsteadily to his feet, holds out a hand.
Dean pointedly doesn’t think about the last time Cas died, where there was no body – Cas’s or otherwise – to put into the ground.  Nothing to remember him by except an old coat, another thing Cas didn’t really own, but which Dean still shunted from car to car and never could quite throw away.
Dean’s eyes flare wide open and Cas can feel a whine pushing itself up out of Dean’s throat, vibrating his wet fingers.
“Oh.” And Dean looks a bit crestfallen now. “Okay. Yeah. I’m sure the sea is pretty overrated, anyway.”
Rowena kneels at the side of Cas’s grave and pushes the elder seed into the dirt. Not at the head of the grave, but directly over Cas’s heart.
“It’s been a week, Sam. I don’t think he’s coming back for this one. We’re wasting our time just fucking sitting here.” Dean slurs.
“All grace starts out mostly the same; it grows and changes as we do. Removing an angel’s grace from our body doesn’t usually wipe it clean, though. You have to introduce it to another, stronger angelic force of will in order to do that.”
Somehow that comes out instead. The wrong thing to say, and not just because he shouldn’t be pulling Cas away from his mission. It’s also woefully goddamn inadequate to express the depth and breadth of his gratitude, for this and for everything else. A pathetic stand in for all the things he wants to tell Cas but knows he never fucking can. I love you and I miss you and please stop fucking leaving me because I know it’s my fault you’re not here half the time but that doesn’t make it any fucking easier.
“I mean I can’t heal him, not of his injuries or his addiction.”
“Yeah alright, Mr Critical. You don’t need your arms to appreciate nature, anyway.”
It’s soft, and gentle. There’s no furious passion or need behind it. It doesn’t go any further, or develop into anything more desperate. It’s just a gentle, intimate touch. And yet, and yet Cas’s heart is beating so fast he’s amazed it doesn’t burst out of his chest. He can feel every nerve ending twitching and burning but for once he doesn’t mind, for once he welcomes it. He feels alive. He feels so goddamn alive.
Dean surfaces a few hours later, when Sam taps him on the shoulder. He starts violently, lurching around and only barely relaxing when he realises it’s Sam.
Charlie rushes over, brushes a hand through Dean’s hair to comfort him. She’s seen Dean throw up enough times, knows what to do. Ain’t that the kicker. He doesn’t deserve her fucking sympathy though.
Dean swills the whiskey around some more, tries to clear his mind, focus on the colour. He wants to drink it but he can’t quite make his hand lift it up to his mouth. Can’t quite make himself commit to doing anything. Stuck in limbo, stuck in – no. Not going there.
“Cas is going to think you going out of your way to be thoughtful and nice is dumb?”
Sorry I missed last Thursdays chapter. It was ready, I just thought ah, they won't want it. They'll be too busy reblogging bittersweet gifsets and reading and writing long, indulgent meta. GOT THAT WRONG lol.
see Poolhall Junkies?”
“Hey.”
And yeah, he’s definitely rambling – does it even count as rambling, if it’s just in your head – but that’s better than thinking about everything else. About Cas offering to mercy kill him so that he doesn’t have to suffer. That’s the bit that’s getting him, probably the bit holding him back from processing this all properly and freaking the fuck out.
“It isn’t. You didn’t help, treating him like shit like that, but this is a bigger problem.”
“Dean.” Cas’s tone isn’t sharp, not unless you really know him – know what to look for. Dean could cut a feather on it. “Just come to the bathroom. Humour me.”
“So I did. Man, I suck at this. Okay everyone, arms out or you won’t be able to get back in here tomorrow.”
He knows that he had a name once. He thinks it’s probably something important, something that should be remembered. The more he strains after it, though, the looser he feels. Better to concentrate on holding himself together for now. When his memories come back, he’ll need some kind of frame to hang them on. A scattered multitude of freewheeling molecules wouldn’t have much use for a name or a history. He supposes that they’ve already had and lost more of those than he can comprehend – what’s one more to the pile?
Sam flushes with something that looks almost like guilt, which, hmm. Cas is going to need to investigate that at some point in the near future.
If Cas had spat that he’d never loved him, Dean would know he was just trying to hurt him – punish him.
He comes back to the world screaming and pawing at his chest.
“To cover the taste of death.” Cas says, in a voice even more gruff and sandpaper coated than usual.
“My mission is over.”
There’s a strange flicker across Dean’s face. You’d almost call it guilty, if that didn’t make no fucking sense at all. Cas figures he’s misreading it, wonders instead if Dean already knows what it feels like to be smacked around with a pool cue.
Cas comes at Dean from the side, grasps his head firmly in his hands.
“Your face is two different kinds of plant.” Dean mutters, and he looks so harrumphed that Cas bursts out laughing, which of course sets everyone off, much to Dean’s disgust.
“Why’re we pulling off here, Dean?” Sam asks in an undertone, so he doesn’t wake Cas up in the back seat. They’ve ticked off the whole list; he thought they were on the way home.
“That was your fault.”
“No, he only wants you to think that.” Charlie says, with a great sweeping hand gesture and narrowed eyes.
Dean nods in agreement.
“Ow.”
He pictures Cas in jeans and a white shirt, stripping off slowly, tauntingly. First the tie, pulled loose around his neck, out from under the his collar but just left there as he unbuttons the shirt. Dean lets his hand drift to one of his nipples, tweaks it in time with Cas undoing each button, letting all that glorious tanned flesh out on show.
“Yeah, thanks Samantha. You wanna let me tell the story?”
“I dunno, Sam and Cas do have chemistry, you can’t deny it.”
Dean scrambles to his feet and fumbles into a defensive stance even as his brain very slowly comes to the realisation that a monster would be too busy rending his flesh with its teeth or claws or whatever to bother kicking him awake.
He laughs, shrugs.
The look on Dean’s face when the demon doesn’t die is priceless. He’s like a bad actor auditioning for a part in the 0.2 seconds before the director throws him out on his ear – trying to showcase his entire emotional range in the hope that if he runs through it fast enough the flaws won’t be as obvious.
Un-fucking-likely.
He reads the same paragraph three times before he processes that this isn’t some ultimately unimportant bit of class reading. This is his brother’s health on the line. Less speed more haste, et cetera.
But, of course, all that pales against the other thing. Bone deep, blood deep, carved into him and suffusing every atom of his being, every nerve and every conscious thought.
The demon stares at him through the windscreen, then in a blink, he’s inside the car, sitting on the bench seat next to Dean.
Rosco turns to glance at Uriel, who demands, “What’s that?”
He takes a deep breath. “The Well collapsed, and the magic escaped.”
Castiel knows emotions can affect the way magic feels all too well—he’d borne the brunt of Meg’s magical grief after she’d had a nasty breakup one time. But it sounds like Sam has stuck by Dean over the weekend, and for that he’s grateful.
Castiel speaks up a little. “This is just the draft—the secret is always in the editing,” he explains. “Water has memory, remember? You’ve all seen that
TCBaby: Exactly. I am beyond impressed with Ellen's knowledge of American holidays, haha. Meanwhile, things sure are heating up in the kitchen…sorry, sorry, spoilers.
“Oh shit, sorry Cas,” Dean says, twisting to put his feet on the floor. He stretches his arms out, nearly knocking Cas in the side of the head with one fist, then pulls them in to rub at his face with both hands.
In the mere seconds Dean had been occupied, the man had rushed back to Castiel and had him pinned by the throat against the wall. Castiel’s toes scrambled for the floor, but he rallied valiantly; pummeling the creature around the head with tight fists that Dean was certain he’d never want to be on the receiving end of.
Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) - American philosopher, transcendentalist and mage, in 1845 he lived for two years in a hut near Walden Pond as an experiment in simple living.
turned on. He wants Cas more and more all the time. How does Cas have this power over him?
“What the hell,” he barks, attempting to stabilize the sloshing contents of his mug.
Crowley swam around him in a slow glide, his tentacles moving sinuously through the cold water. “So, I heard you have a thing for humans.”
“What?” Dean says lamely, still processing. “Wait, Cas, you and Charlie…booked us a…?”
"Oh yes, so you did," Castiel looks over at him and nods. "I'd love to hear your thoughts on it sometime."
Castiel extends his magical awareness, not quite conscious enough to make sense of where he is. He feels a familiar brush of magic and lets himself relax slightly. It feels like home.
Missouri's eyes flick up to Adler in annoyance. "You too, Zachariah. Let's get right into it." She waits until both of them are seated, and Castiel shifts uncomfortably, trying to will himself not to clutch at the amulet again. "I wanted to commend you on the work that you and Dean have done on his thesis project, Castiel. It’s fascinating."
“Definitely,” Cas replies, adding, “Can I help?”
“This is just an introductory meeting to determine if I’m a good fit for you,” Castiel corrects, and his voice is so matter-of-fact that Dean has no clue which way the professor is leaning. “All of the associate professors have a full load of thesis candidates this year. Though in the staff meeting this morning, Doctor Adler said he could make an exception for you—”
“Reluctant, but ready.”
“Well at least for now,” Dean interrupted gently, “we seem to all be safe. They are all gone.”
Dean follows the advice, flapping his hands around and trying to relax the tension in his shoulders. But it’s no use—it’s too big, too much. Haven’t they been through enough today? How can his best friend’s life hinge around this one spell?
“We do,” Dean confirmed, taking the small, hand-bound book from the bag they’d carried and passing it over to Castiel, to tuck into his interior pocket.
And this body in particular...quite right that Singer hadn’t sent some of the younger lads. They shouldn’t have to see one of their own in this state.
Sam nods. “He seems like a pretty nice guy. But if we’re going to be leaving, is it a good idea to get attached? I'm just sayin’.” He digs his fork into the bowl of salad and takes a big bite, crunching his way through the leaves.
“That’s true, I suppose. How uncharitable to write something like that in the paper, though. She could just as well have avoided the place and kept her thoughts to herself.”
“Not really,” Sam says. “The shed is a mess, but the walls are still mostly intact. I can’t lift anything with my arm yet, but you and Cas might be able to see what survived.”
"No," Castiel interrupts, as the urge to accept nearly overwhelms him. "I'm fine, really. I'll be much better after I rest. Thank you." Dean still doesn't look quite sure, but Castiel continues, "I'll be in touch about your idea. The thesis idea. And Saturday, I'd love to come and see the festival. Let me know where you want to meet."
Castiel couldn’t repress a shudder as she looked him up and down. He tried to speak without moving his chin—her nail was uncomfortably close to breaking his skin. “Who would that be?”
Once Dean is seated, Castiel takes him through the timeline for the master’s thesis, while Dean sits through it looking like he’d rather be anywhere else. Castiel is used to that look from the few years of teaching he’s already done as a graduate student in Oxford. He’s reasonably sure that Dean is actually interested in what he’s got to say, even if he appears ambivalent.
Castiel gave Dean one more quelling look, before turning back to Miss Hannah, who was regarding them each in turn, a frown upon her face.
flooded through Dean at that, and he let out a breathy “Oh.” How could she just freely take what he’d been longing to do for weeks, now? Her tongue licked into Cas’ mouth, and it seemed he was giving equally in return, even though his hands still rested on Dean’s chest.
Dean starts to say something, but hesitates before he speaks. “Cas, I wanna do something to help the lay magicians here, like you did in England. You think there’s any hope of that?”
Sam nods, still covering his eyes with his large hand, and Castiel carefully lifts Sam's arm to unwrap the bandage. The wound looks a little better, less angry, but still red. “I’m going to clean this again, then go and get you some antibiotics, okay?”
The tiny, shy, flattered edge to Castiel’s smile didn’t have time to develop further, as he was already assessing the room around them. “The demon—the ‘
This is gonna be a long night.
“Look,” he says, eyebrows drawn and voice tight. “I’ll stay until you’ve learned to control your magic and ground yourself. After that I’ll get out of your hair, and you’ll only see me if there’s demons to gank, okay?”
Castiel met him in the wash, and they enfolded each other in their arms tightly before pulling back. Dean ran his fingers lightly down Castiel’s cheek, then leaned in to press their lips together sweetly.
“Let’s eat,” he says flatly, figuring that pancakes and bacon is plenty for today, because he needs a way to distract his guests from his goddamn love life. Sam and Charlie are exchanging looks over his shoulder, but he ignores them and sets to work, pulling down plates and setting the table. A few minutes later they’re gathered around his round kitchen table, pancakes piled high. Sam is shooting him a classic puppy dog look, obviously wondering what information Dean is withholding from him.
“Nope,” Ellen said, heading into the pantry.
"For you."
“Dean, stop.” Castiel grips his shoulders, and in a blink, they’re standing inside Dean’s quiet apartment.
As Cas gets closer to home, he sees a group of trick or treaters at his door, clustered around something on the ground. Even from across the street, he sees the black cat, weaving between legs, and hears the delighted sighs of the children as they pat it.
Bobby snorts as he takes the other armchair. He sits back, staring at Cas.
Dean knows exactly why she wants to hang around, and there’s no way he’s gonna let her listen in. “Go home, Charlie. I’ll catch up with you in the morning.”
“No, Dean,
He can’t get rid of a lingering spread of heat across his skin, though.
He was happy they’d decided to go further out than usual today—the fishing was awesome, and his baby was loaded down with plenty of herring to take back to the market. He leaned back, gripping the railing in his hands, enjoying the sun on his face for a few moments as they prepared to haul in the latest catch.
Castiel added the empty plate to the pile of dirty dishes, then got to work drying the clean ones.
, and he drifted once again, content in the feeling of safety.
Dean’s been simmering with annoyance all day with Meg’s constant mentioning of their old relationship…but he’s so happy right now, he just snorts and grins gleefully. “Sorry for your luck,” he tells her, not even trying to keep the smugness out of his voice. Despite everything, today’s been a mostly good day, and Cas has been the biggest factor in that.
“Not now that she’s Marchioness of Pittville, she won’t,” Sam answered. “Since her parents passed, she’s got wealth
“Uh, just...we, uh...we spoke.” Dean glanced back at Cas over his shoulder, to see the man looking back in his direction. He could feel his face warming as he turned back, and Eileen nodded knowingly. Her hands flew in signs that Dean couldn’t quite catch, even though he’d been learning, but he glanced up at Sam as his brother actually laughed. “I did not catch that.”
Instead of responding he holds a hand over his forehead and squints, trying to see over in the distance something he hadn’t noticed yet. “What the hell is that?”
Ellen: We've both got more stories in the works, so stay tuned! Meanwhile, you can find me on
Dean isn’t wrong about not getting close—they’d tried going back into the maze on the Monday afternoon just past. He hadn’t been sure if he could handle seeing Dean incinerated by a dragon a second time, but as it turned out, he hadn’t needed to. This time when they’d opened the door, ready for a blast of heat in t-shirts and carrying bottles of water, they’d instead stepped into a monsoon. The rain had been falling in sheets, and even Castiel’s hastily cast shielding spell hadn’t been fast enough to prevent them getting drenched. They’d trudged up the hill, but couldn’t even see the maze past the first hedge through the driving rain. They’d given it up when a chilly breeze had started up, but they plan to try again on the coming Monday.
Castiel wasn’t entirely sure what fascinated Dean so much about the Seal itself, but the project was perfectly suited to his skills, and of course Castiel was happy to chaperone him down to the Seal whenever Dean wanted to go there.
Dean’s gaze follows Castiel’s pointing finger and he frowns, then curses. He lifts his hands quickly, performing the unlocking spell, and rotates his hand sideways saying “
“Hey,” Dean says, swatting at something in the air. “Quit that, Cas. You’re gonna set something on fire. C’mon.”
For the next hour or so, Castiel spent a pleasant afternoon talking with the gentlefolk of Cheltenham—some already customers of the Tea Room, and others he was introduced to as the nephew of Balthazar, who seemed to be well-known by many.
Dean continued on until the hallway turned a slight right, then continued on to the fairly spacious, barracks-style bathroom. There was a smaller, tucked away water closet for the few female staff that tended to the agents based in Sackville Street, but as the majority of the Men of Letters were—as titled—men, this one area served them all.
“Thanks,” Dean murmured, looking back at the sandwich in front of him. Sam really had looked after him over the last couple of days. He hadn’t deserved to be caught up in all this.
Pulling off Castiel’s neck with a soft
movie is now one of her favorites, much to Dean's delight).
Dean tossed out his offering onto the table, returning to his thoughts.
“Yeah, it is,” he agrees, holding up his beer. “Here's to the new fishing grounds!”
“The river,” Dean said, bracing himself for disappointment. “That day at the river, when we…” Someone bumped into his side, murmured an apology, and Dean turned back to Cas, unwilling to continue when there were so many people around them.
“Charlie seems happier since I left for London,” Dean said, reaching for the top newspaper of the pile once he’d had his fill of meats. “Not that she was unhappy before, but she’s…lighter, perhaps. She hasn’t said anything, but I wonder if she’s had her eye caught by someone or other.”
He quickly scans the area, seeing Croats—and
"Cas? Cas, you okay?"
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel whispers, and Dean nods in acknowledgment.
“Well that can’t be right,” Dean said, chuckling. “Sinclair was many things, an eccentric, a drunkard, addicted to laudanum, certainly. But he was not in the least romantically inclined. The last thing he would have been looking for was a wife.”
And as much as that soured Dean’s stomach, well…he could hardly disagree, could he? John had
Sam chuckled, already bent back over Sinclair’s prone form, and Bobby turned to Dean, raising his bushy eyebrow at his obvious whisper.
Castiel’s breathing was already picking up below Dean, the filling of his rib cage pushing their chests closer together each time he softly gasped. Dean felt Castiel’s fingers scratch their way lightly down his spine, the shudder of his response only propelling Castiel’s hands further south.
?” She points at Cas, who now squints in confusion as he places the large plate he’s carrying on the table.
TCbaby: Exactly. Oh, and one more thing. We want to give an extra huge shout-out to our betas, who are always awesome, but had some extra thoughtful advice and feedback about the first draft of this chapter. Our work is a thousand percent better with such smart and insightful friends, and we appreciate you so!
They clean up, standing side-by-side to wash up and dry plates in the kitchen rather than leave it for tomorrow. Dean pushes his decision and his conversation with Sam to the back of his mind and instead focuses on the soft flirting, the gentle smiles, the splashes of water and light touches that he and Cas seem to naturally fall into. He’s never had a relationship so easy, and while he knows that they’ve only actually known each other a few days and this is very new, he resolutely ignores the feeling that he can see himself doing this for a long, happy time.
Novak sighs. “What about Stanford? They’ll never allow me to teach outside of the university.”
“You okay?” Dean asks, overly sweet.
We're aware that in the real Regency Era, Becky's story being read in a public setting may have had far more scandalous reactions to those we've given, but sometimes the story requires a grain of salt to be taken. Please forgive us.
Castiel squints in confusion. "Excuse me?"
“What can you do about it? Do you want to teach him?” Meg asks, unexpectedly diplomatic.
Putting the letters out of his mind, he set about his Sunday morning making sure everything was set for the week. Later he was to take luncheon with Alfie down at the Eight Bells Inn in Church Lane, and he looked forward to spending some time with his cousin outside of the Tea Room.
Dean nearly gasps when Cas touches him. Even through his sweater, he feels the same rush of warmth he’s been feeling in Cas’ proximity all along.
“Yeah,” he grumbles out, and Sam seems to consider that a compromise, giving him a small nod. Jo carries over their lunch, the topic of Ruby shelved as they both dig into their sandwiches.
Sam looks a mixture of irritated and mortified, but Ruby seems nonplussed by the development that she’s currently scamming on her professor’s brother. She reaches a hand up and boldly fluffs the ends of Sam’s too-long locks.
Castiel peered at Sam, confused. “Ash, the young gentleman who...who did my tattoos?”
“Why?”
“What? No, I never…” Cas begins, but trails off as he wonders if that’s exactly what he’s unwittingly done.
“When did…” Dean let’s his question fade into the air, not wanting to draw Crowley’s attention. He looks over at Cas instead and thinks:
“Sure thing! Garth don't drink much anyway.” Benny grinned, nudging Garth next to him with his elbow.
Only this:
He squeezes Dean’s wrist, and Dean offers him a weak, lopsided smile. He’s really not sure if their bond
Doubt warred with hope in his mind. That day by the river, the day they kissed…Dean had often found himself regretting kissing Castiel that day, and ruining their friendship. Could the entire thing have been a misunderstanding?
Castiel’s life is boring, he’ll be the first to admit, but that's just how he likes it. He has a steady job as a technical writer, works with his best friend, and lives alone in a comfortable, ground-floor apartment. Each morning he grabs coffee from a place on his walk to the office, and eats at the cafe downstairs for lunch, often with Charlie. He keeps his place tidy and attempts to keep the potted plants around his back courtyard alive, with mixed results.
They’re supposed to be meeting Sam and Charlie there soon anyway, and Castiel is disappointed that their plan to take a slight detour to Castiel’s office after the presentation has been ruined, but he agrees, and they head back down to leave Mechanikos Hall.
The vamp hissed at him as he bared his fangs, and Dean kicked out at him as his vision started to go fuzzy at the edges. His foot connected with meat, and the pressure on his throat eased as the vamp bent over, clutching at his jewels.
Castiel smiled apologetically. “My apologies, sir. A group of young ladies meets in the Reading Room to discuss books. I shall go and ask them to quieten down.” Mr Knight ran one of the busy provisioners on the High Street and had only come here to drink coffee once previous time, but he supplied honey, currants, and other ingredients Castiel used to make biscuits here in the kitchen, so it was worth his while to keep the man happy.
“Oh yeah, you’re a vision of academic excellence,” he snaps. He feels two sets of eyes on him—Adler’s, full of disdain and anger, and Cas, apprehensive and cautious, warning Dean to calm down.
Dean laughed, his eyes skimming reflexively over the crowd, though he didn’t spot Alfie. “Well at least the boy is enjoying himself, not standing about too shy to ask her.”
The other demons move forward, and they all teleport away, a protesting Crowley firmly in Rosco's grip.
Anna steps back from Dean and turns to Sam. “Hello, Sam. Let me help you with that.” She puts a hand on his arm and Sam gasps as she draws sharply on her own energy and heals him.
"You're going," Singer snapped, leaving no room for argument. "Now get out of here."
Dean glances up, then goes back to his sketch. “I tried to take a photo of it with my phone, but it just came out as a white screen.”
So, Dean gulped, instead, and merely nodded. “Anytime, Cas,” he murmured. “You want to talk, we can talk. You don’t want to talk, just need to leave…that too. Just tell me. Let me help.”
He trudges along the corridor, anxiety sitting low in his gut. Forcing in a deep breath to center himself, he places a hand over Dean's amulet tucked beneath his shirt and vest. He's been wearing it all week, and the thrum of Dean's magic pulsing in it has kept the gnawing sensation away when they've been apart.
Charlie shakes her head. “I’m sorry, I had no idea. What can we do?”
“Conceit is unbecoming in a lady,” Dean teased quietly, throwing her a small wink.
“We’ll see,” Castiel says briskly. “I’ll let you know by the end of the week.” He’s already marching down the hallway in fast, hurried steps before Dean can further plea his case. When the professor rounds the corner, Dean is left gaping and staring down the empty hallway.
“No,” he grits out, his voice harsh, raw. He seems to steel himself, sounding firmer as he continues, “No, Crowley. I don't know anything about the wards, and even if I did, I'm sworn to—ahhh!” He throws his head back in a scream as the boss clenches his hand into a fist, a deep scowl on his face. After a few seconds, he releases it, and the professor slumps back down, long, gulping sobs wracking his frame.
Oops, the guy is clearly upset—Dean hadn't meant to offend him. Dean calls out, "Hey sorry, man. Thanks for the tea. I'll try to get it in him."
Dean looks to Castiel as he sits down, taking one of the beers from him. “Thanks. Nope, Cas here told him to fuck off, and he did. He can be pretty intimidating—it’s hot.” He gives Castiel a sultry smirk.
Dean gives him a pitying look. “You okay there?” he asks as he pats Castiel’s shoulder.
A huge ship broken clean in half lay along the seabed, splintered timbers leading into dark interiors. Castiel had been here a few times before, but had only skirted around the edges looking for artifacts to add to his collection. To venture inside the broken shells of these human creations seemed far more dangerous, as though some dark creature lurked inside.
“I got you, baby,” he whispers, mouth currently tugging on Castiel’s earlobe. “I’ll make this good for you, I swear.”
Dean levels him with a flat look. “Come on, man, it’s not like we’re hammered. Besides, a little greasing helps things flow better, right?”
Afterwards she had wandered around inside his one bedroom apartment, fingers dragging over the hardcovers lined up on a shelf, not even a speck of dust in sight. He has an impressive library—she copied the contents of a few instructional textbooks, ones that aren’t readily available for someone like her. Perhaps Castiel would’ve given her copies if she’d asked, but Anna is not the type to rely on anyone’s help.
Dean called something from outside the door, and he startled upright, the water sloshing alarmingly up the sides of the bath.
Dean nodded. Jo often worked late at the Crown and Anchor. If Ellen stayed to cook a meal for them, she usually didn’t hang around to eat, instead hurrying home to make sure Jo ate as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Castiel,” Becky said, her hand still clutching his arm. “How is your grasp of Latin?”
Dean glances at him in surprise, then out at the rest of the group. Castiel follows his gaze to see Sam, Anna and Crowley staring at them, open-mouthed and unmoving.
He shuffles inside, closing the door behind him.
Update: Real life got in the way and there will be no update for the week of Sept 15. Sorry! Lots of extra holiday fun coming up, though.
“We were here—we’ve just been fishin’ out a bit further to some kelp fields, so we get in late.” Dean sat, perching on the edge of the armchair across from John. “Awesome catches out there. It’s been really good for—”
(but we end on a happier note)
Castiel nods thoughtfully. The man’s lectures had been about many different aspects of disease transmission, but he hadn’t watched many of them. His area of study had been more to do with food crop diseases. And it was so long ago now that he couldn’t remember much of it.
“Okay fine, I’ll grab the fruitcake,” he says, slapping Cas’ ass as he passes by. “But you better keep it up for me.”
he realizes sleepily. She'll look after him.
“Castiel.”
Dean is standing there. "Sorry, she's just getting a little yawny again."
“Might take Riot down to the beach,” he said, getting to his feet.
Castiel manages to swallow his mouthful without spitting any of it out, then croaks out, "What? How?”
“Dean,” Castiel says admonishingly. “At this hour?”
Dean glances around, then gets up to grab the satchel from the side of the room. He kneels back beside Castiel, a worried frown on his face. "I've never seen anyone burn out like that. What happened?"
Dean snorts in reply, and says something like "hardly" as they head between the stacks, out of sight.
“You mean Beth? His wife?” Castiel says slowly, giving her a pointed look when she glances back at him. “Yes, he is, and she’s expecting.”
Azazel moves back, so he’s looking right into Dean’s face. "It needs to go. All of it. And it’s well on the way."
“Although I hadn’t seen him for a while before he went missing, anyway. Kept spending time with that idiot, uh, what was his name, Morgan?” He leaned over to the man sitting beside him at the table, flush-faced and mostly drunk as well, by the looks.
Castiel's smile drops. Layla is one of the coven who distrusts mages, who has never warmed to him, despite her acceptance of Dean's help. But then, Dean has a way of charming people that Castiel can't seem to replicate.
“Campbell. I’m well, and I hope you are,” Dean returned with a nod. “Yes, almost all of our invitations were accepted—I noticed you conversing with Mister Novak, I asked him to come along, being new in town.”
"C'mere," he says, and Cas' eyes snap up to Dean's, wide with surprise. He doesn't say anything, but scoots across the room to kneel on the rug beside his own bed.
, Milton, I told you, I am not a fighter!” Balthazar said, his eyes wide.
“A few hours,” Castiel says, wincing as he stands, then adds, “maybe a few days. It’s likely meant to impede intruders long enough that they won’t try to enter the well anytime soon.”
The man himself walks out of the kitchen, a bowl of what smells like chicken soup in his hands. He flops onto the couch, narrowly missing slopping the soup all over the carpet.
“I do hope you do not run into any trouble with the parish group, Novak,” he said, adding in a lower tone of voice, “Lady Hester Holmes can be a little...devout.”
Dean 5:36 PM >>
“Come on, you’re freezing,” she protests, pushing herself closer against him as they approach the table. There are some other guys taking seats too, though Dean doesn’t recognize them. On the back row facing them, he sees the Captain in the middle, with Hester, Rachel, Uriel, Neil, and Benjamin flanking her on either side. He’s about to open his mouth and say hello when he spots Ruby’s black leather jacket, and she turns around, her expression turning from smug to shocked.
“Nah.” Dean tries to sound casual, but misses the mark by a mile, because…wow, is Cas jealous of Benny? Did he think they were sleeping together again? “Apart from my brother, I can’t really see myself sharing my apartment with someone who I’m not, uh—”
“Oh, really? Sounds like you've been admiring the humans a little too closely,” Gabriel chuckled.
But then… Dean moved away from the pulley rope to stare over the railing. A face was looking up at him with wide eyes, arms outstretched on the surface. The person gaped for a moment in horror, then dived back under the surface.
Castiel moved around the tightly stuffed burlap sack in the training room of number 12 Sackville Street, his feet dancing to a rhythm his mind wasn’t quite hearing. His wrapped fists stung with the force of his blows, but he paid the pain no mind—he wanted it, needed to take his mind off his insufferable partner.
Breaking through Dean’s thoughts, Sam responded to Castiel. “Not from the body itself, but from one of the men that the Runners’ interviewed at the docks on our behalf. Did you know, they sent Allen Fielding to supervise? The son of Henry Fielding himself!”
He can still feel magic simmering under his skin, but it's settled now, muted. Maybe he is getting used to it, although he didn't feel like he was in control of anything last night. Calling in sick to work was the right decision.
Dean snorted, both at the man’s audacity and his manners. Should he have the chance to guide any woman in the room, he’d certainly never throw them in Ketch’s direction.
Castiel gapes at him. "You're insane," he repeats.
Dean snorts and says, “Not really, dude. It’s just—that spot in particular just got some good action today.”
Castiel hesitates, his finger tight on the trigger. He’s got to take this shot—he only has four bullets to take them all down. “I’d say you were a liar.”
The reality of their upcoming day hits Dean in the stomach, his mouth turning dry. God, lying in bed with Cas, he almost convinced himself that nothing bad can happen. That they’ll always be safe, that everyone they love will be safe, too…
“You’n Sammy can read about magic all day long,” he says. “Me, I’d rather be
“Dude, you’re like, twenty-eight. Chill out. Don’t you remember what it’s like to keep college hours?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wonder how they ever carry on a conversation in such a way, but if I ask Charlie about it later, I’ll guarantee she will be able to give me a complete recounting. Women are baffling creatures, are they not?”
He pulls on his gloves and steps out into the frigid air, worry once again clutching at him.
Well, he allowed, perhaps a little more pleasant than before. Castiel had done him well in the graveyard the night prior and he wasn’t such a terrible sort after all, it seemed.
Dean hurries to reassure him, grinning as he says, “Nah, I just think sweet potato fries are an abomination. Like what’s wrong with full-starch fried deliciousness?”
Dean uncovers his face and looks down at Castiel with a relieved smile. “Okay then. Were you there the time we...I mean I, uh, rode you? In a bedroom with dark curtains?”
⚔️⚔️⚔️
“Love hearing you like this, Dean.”
“Is she now?” Castiel asks dryly, looking down with a smirk. “Anyone who heard you this morning would probably disagree.”
Dean just dropped to his knees, pulling Castiel in to kiss him deeply, there in the surf.
Sam scrambled from his chair and sped off to the door at the side of the small laboratory, which led out to a large, many-shelved stock room that all of the laboratories shared. Dean and Castiel exchanged a look, but he reappeared in short order, clutching a dusty relic of a jug that was sealed with wax and bore engraved scribblings all around the outside.
And there it is again—the real reason he’s spent all week tossing back whiskey and eating junk food and making out with Lisa outside Mechanikos Hall.
“Jo, for the love of god,” Dean says through clenched teeth, “would you just take our order already? And after that, maybe go find a knife or a meat clever or a really sharp fork and put me out of my freaking misery?”
Smiling at him, Dean said, “You can ask, you know. If I thought the conversation was untoward, I wouldn’t have started it.”
“She did.” Castiel slips his coat off, hanging it on the nearby coat rack. Dean turns his head, watching the enchanted chalk so he isn’t tempted to stare at the professor’s every move. When Cas is around Dean has to fight the urge to step closer to him, to hold eye contact longer than friends or colleagues should. When he turns around Castiel is right behind him, their boots colliding together in a way that makes Cas reach his hand out to steady Dean. He tilts his head, looking at Dean inquisitively. “What’s wrong?”
“Looks like we’re headin’ in,” Dean says with a shrug, looking up and down the first row of the maze. “Uh, you getting any feeling for which way we should go?”
“No,” he replied, not sure why he was so annoyed with his brother for interrupting them. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Hannah—they had always been close, growing up together in the community crèche. It wasn’t that Hannah hadn’t presented their gender yet, either—to move towards bearing a child or siring one, or to choose
Dean answers for them. “First of all, this is my badass boyfriend, and we have a profound bond—”
"I wouldn't dream of it," Castiel replied, smiling. “I would be honored if the newest novel was born out of discussions in my Tea Room.”
“I mean, a couple of weeks ago I’d have said it was the right choice, but looking at the state of them now... It’s like they’re both getting worse.”
“So, um, are you okay?”
“Have you thought about trying to do something else?”
Cahor looks at him, long and hard, the human slumped in front of him. The Michaelsword. He once thought of this man as the grand hope of revelation. A pure and holy man born to fulfil the will of heaven.
“So this place, it makes you feel safe?” Dean latches onto the easiest thing, the thing that won’t stir up so much joy and regret.
“So you think they’re fucked.” She repeats, and Sam does laugh. More a release of tension than any real mirth.
“Yes.” She replies, as calm as Dean is riled. “Cas is my friend and my brother, but he is not my only responsibility.”
“We said we’d never mention absinthe again.” Cas groans.
“Maybe he snuck out of the window and escaped to freedom.” Charlie teases.
“So, do we have a deal?”
“I’m not saying it’s all your fault.”
“So, why can’t you watch the storm from the safety of inside, like normal people?”
“We could break it down?”
from the universe to suppose that both her father and her father figure were just men whose nature was to sacrifice themselves. Too big, and too shitty a coincidence.
“Depends on your definition of happy.” Cas says, as he closes their bedroom door.
“I did not use a ruler.”
The Mark tries to get his attention but he does his best to ignore it. He wants distraction and numbness, he doesn’t fucking want that kind of distraction and numbness. He’s not quite that fucking desperate. Yet.
SORRY. I was ill, and then it was my birthday so I made myself more ill by refusing to cancel my plans, and then it was Christmas, and then it was NYE, and then I've been working overtime all this week. BLEAUGH. Next chapter /should/ be out as usual, I already have some scenes sketched out for it, I just have to figure out how to tie them into a coherent narrative.
She hangs up, and Dean exchanges a glance with Sam. He doesn’t make a snappish remark, doesn’t give Sam the finger and tell him so there.
Cas shrugs, grinning like the little shit he is. Dean shoves at him and he overbalances. Dean laughs, until he realises that Cas has his shirt in hand and is holding it threateningly over a patch of mud on the ground.
“Dean!”
She’s halfheartedly attempting to read some Captain America comic. It’s not really grabbing her, but her compulsive need to know how everything ends has her by the (lack of) balls and it was so cheap she couldn’t resist.
“Hannah, can you?” Charlie asks, measured, reasonable, in contrast to Dean who has just punched the jeep and probably broken a bone in his hand.
“But not music?”
“But—”
“Cas?” The intonation is perfect, so Sam. An exquisite recreation.
He doesn’t confront Buck now. This is not the time, but there will be a reckoning. He does keep a careful eye on him, though, watching his back against hunters as well as monsters.
“I don’t think we’re getting on too badly without him, to be fair.”
Dean doesn’t say anything straight away, and then he turns so he’s sitting cross legged, facing Cas.
“Yeah, we get it.” Dean interrupts. No time for reasons, he just wants fucking answers. “We need a way of trapping him there while we get all these people evacuated.”
Dean lets out a low wolf whistle. Sam groans with embarrassment, but Ash grins at him, takes an exaggerated bow.
“Excellent choice. And y’know, you idiot, when I said I was there for you – for stuff you can’t go to Sam and Dean for. I didn’t just mean the touchy feely emotional stuff. I meant anything. Changing your dressings, putting cling-film on the toilet ‘cause Dean’s pissing you off, even manipulating Sam into buying junk food. There are some things you can’t go to your boyfriend, or his brother for. Sometimes you need a friend, dude. And I’m around for that.”
“Yes.”
Cas sits down, and his mood dampens. He holds out his wrist.
“Dunno.” He says. “Las’ time he came back ‘fore I had the chance.”
“What happened?” Dean asks, and his tone might be relatively calm, but Sam can see the slightly manic glaze to his eyes, wide and jittery as he leans down to check Cas’s pulse, heaves out a sigh of relief when he feels that it’s definitely still there.
Sam is so fraught that he glosses over what Dean expects to be big news. He makes a snap assumption, that Dean already knows the rest of it, that he doesn't need to fill him in.
“You drive, I’ll get the keys.”
“Shit, yeah. Of course. When was the last time you were even out of the bunker?”
Dean tries to muster up a tired smile, doesn’t succeed.
Maybe this is just killing him quicker.
He makes it a full hour before his phone rings.
“I’m glad you think Zach cracking my noodle is so funny, dude.”
“I’m gonna tell him I need to piss, you’re gonna distract him and I’m gonna hotwire a car.”
“You guess?”
“If you’re not tired...” Cas trails off, is summoning up the energy to finish the sentence when Dean interrupts.
“Told me what?” Claire asks, wide eyed and a bit freaked out. Because on the one hand, demons can’t be trusted, but on the other, Dean fucking Winchester keeps secrets like it’s a competitive sport and she doesn’t know what the fuck she’s going to hear next.
“I’m not hungry anyway.” Cas shrugs, then realises his mistake as Dean goes from 0 to overbearing caregiver in a blink.
Cas smiles. “Sometimes I wonder if he’d be happier if he had us all locked up in a house somewhere with no doors. Able to wander around, but not escape and get into danger.”
“Mornings are best appreciated from under the covers.”
He’s got to start somewhere; he starts here.
Cas nods, and oh shit, he’s got that look in his eye. Dean knows what he’s going to do a second before he does it.
“I’m sorry, about before.”
“Yeah, some of the stuff was harder to track down than I anticipated.”
“So.” Dean says slowly. “All those revelations, flipping from we’re all doomed to miraculous get out clause—”
Dean’s fingers itch to reach out and touch Cas’s hand, stroke over the pronounced ridges of his knuckles, map out how the shape has changed – the valleys deeper, the peaks sharper. He holds himself in check, though. He doesn’t want to make Cas flinch again, or make him angry. He looks a hundred kinds of shaken up now, exhausted too. He needs to rest.
Sam waits a beat too long before he answers. “Fine.”
He can do that.
“Yeah, I saw. You can’t do that for every battle though, that’s too much blood to lose on a regular basis.”
“It doesn’t make sense.” Cas snaps.
They haul her out of the trunk, dump her in the middle of a devil’s trap that Cas painted while Dean kept watch on the demon as she worked her shift.
“How attached are you to your wheels?” Dean asks the next morning, and Sam shrugs in response. “We’ll take mine, then. No point driving both.”
“Aaaandd the last time it picked him up was three hours ago, a coupla miles ahead of us.”
“But saving people comes first.”
Werewolf bite.
And then Cas pulls back, smirks at the needy, hungry look on Dean’s face. He spends a moment just drinking him in – it’s been a while since he’s seen Dean like this, in a state that isn’t fucking furious, and he wants to savour it, drag it out and prolong it.
Maybe that’s what’s waiting for her – maybe it’s built into her bones, just biding its time. Until she finds the Dean to her Cas, the Claire and Amelia to her Jimmy.
He definitely doesn’t wait in line for half an hour to pet a stingray to cheer himself up. Nope. Lies and slander.
Everyone’s favourite perky little redhead navigates back to the menu, dives into the multiplayer section. This time she doesn’t stop for suggestions, bouncing straight from Little Big Planet to Plants vs Zombies, to Star Wars Battlefront, and Rocket league.
“Chick?” His brain takes a moment to catch up. “Oh, no. An old friend – Cas. Family, or as good as.”
He can make this go away so easily, all he has to do is give in. Just give in, Castiel. What’s the point in fighting? Just.....give.....in......
It’s too late now. He’s a goddamn moron, he thought he could hide this forever, he might have been trying to tell himself it was just until it healed, just until it was a little better, but really, he knows he never wanted Dean to see this.
“There are other ways – professional help.”
“I know.” The demon snaps. “I’m a crossroads demon, I know every trap and binding there is.”
Dean looks more distraught.
Cas presses down, messes up the angle and barely moves. He grinds his teeth, tries again and has more luck. His frog springs down the course, rapidly catching, and then overtaking Sam’s.
“Shut up, Charlie.” Dean grumbles. “Our love is “profound”.” He makes air quotes around the word.
Cas accepts the subject change without quibble. “You can but you don’t have to. I have some coloured card that Sam gave me.”
“Perhaps. Or perhaps it is to discourage angels from working with humans.”
“What?” Dean asks, in a sharp tone.
“And he walked out of here unharmed.”
“Oh, okay.”
“What about him?”
It takes a while, but eventually he levels out, seems to come back mostly to himself, if a little twitchy. Charlie helps him to his feet, and he’s still shaking, but judging from his expression it’s not out of fear this time. He looks mortified. They abandon the shopping and escort him back to the car, ignoring everyone looking on with curious stares.
“You’re a shifter—”
They exchange glancing blows, nicks and scrapes and flesh wounds, until finally Dean catches a break. One of the werewolves misjudges a lunge, leaves herself open for Dean to sheathe the sword in her ribs. She yelps in pain, distracting her partner, and Dean manages to behead first one, and then the other in quick succession.
“Don’t think so, Cas.” Dean answers, shrugging off his jacket and holding it over both their heads. It doesn’t particularly help when it’s so windy that the rain is coming at them sideways, but it’s better than nothing.
“You can do whatever you want, you’re not real.”
“Well, seeing as most of my bruising is on my front, I thought you should lie flat on top of me, just as an experiment to see how crippling agony helps me sleep.”
Cas drags the red icon across the screen, cuts the call.
“What?” Dean growls, drawing his knife.
“Actually-
“Yah?”
“You think Cas, you think
And Cas doesn’t let him get away with that, shakes his head.
“Have you talked to Cas about this?”
He hasn’t had the time to process any of this yet. Still doesn’t quite believe it’s going to happen, never mind that they’re going to stop it.
“Hey, man. I’m just looking after you. Drugged and married to a stalker, that’s gotta leave some bad feeling.”
The information takes a moment to process, a frozen second in which Dean is paralysed as he tries to parse what those words mean. And then he gets it, and he lunges forwards, is stopped by a familiar kind of too great strength.
“You’ll see.”
“I can’t believe someone who just woke up from a nap could be so grumpy.” Dean teases.
“Uh, put it in the food, genius.”
Cas can almost see Dean’s hackles going up. “Has he been bothering you again, I thought he’d have fucking learned—”
“Jesus, do you even know how to play?”
Really they need to deal with Cahor but, but. But. But he hasn’t escaped yet and Dean doesn’t want to pile the burden of deciding his fate on Cas. Not while he’s still shaky. Hannah thought she was granting Cas a justice by giving him leave to deal with Cahor – or, Dean thinks in his darker, crueller moments, maybe she thought she was doling out a punishment.
“Momentary lapse of sobriety.” He quips wearily. “Fine now.”
“Cas, man.”
“Because—” Because he wants to talk to Dean but he cant — because Dean has split, because Dean is suffering enough of Cas’s secondhand misery. Because every time he opens his big, fat mouth his tongue just hangs there limp and useless and won’t form the words.
He hovers, impatient, shifting from foot to foot, while Dean finds their door and unlocks it. He slips through after him, slams it shut.
“Dean has promised to build one for the bunker.” Cas adds as he slips back in as well.
Dean flicks through a few pages of the easier ones, but it’s all boring shit like frogs and butterflies. Cas is almost ready to give up and go to sleep when, finally, Dean stops moaning about how lame all the options are and points to one in the middle of the list.
“Please, whatever you want man, take it. I won’t stop you.”
“Without exception, all of the angels killed with holy fire, are angels who stood against Castiel in his and Raphael’s civil war.”
The object of her attention clocks the sudden and malevolent focus, reacts as though he’s trying to soothe a wounded animal, cornered and preparing to defend itself. Slow movements, soothing noises. Effective, no doubt, on an animal, not so much on one of Lucifer’s playthings.
Cas laughs, and it’s easy, so easy, to just reach over and take Dean’s head in his hands and kiss him.
“They had plans for this place in the 50’s. The sheen had worn off a little and they were starting to think about improvements. So get this—”
“Can you um, do anything about the starvation? Or will he have to heal that on his own?” Sam asks.
“That?” Charlie bursts out. “That is what you were arguing about?”
The plot thickens. Undoubtedly some new torture is imminent.
Cas groans, pulls the blanket over his head.
He cleans him quickly, clinically. Years of hunting have almost destroyed his gag reflex, but he still struggles a little. Blood and viscera he can deal with, this he isn’t quite used to. Cas’s boxers are going to be burned, there’s no saving them. Possibly salted as well. .
He wants to reach out, stroke a hand under his shirt and feel the warmth of his skin, wants to draw him close and speak to him, tell him he loves him. Tell him how happy, how relieved he is that Dean stayed, that he stayed for him. He opens his mouth, but the words get trapped somewhere, and by the time he can choke them up past his useless throat, Dean has already left the room.
“It’s not a regular gun, Hannah.” Charlie interrupts, because Dean doesn’t seem to understand, or maybe care, that she’s just dropped into this cold and has at best only a vague idea of what they’ve been doing. “It’s a net gun.”
“You even talk like he does.”
Cas peers up at him from over his steaming mug. He doesn’t look ready to learn. Barely looks ready to be a multicellular organism.
He can hear her sigh down the phone.
“Resisting being healed?” Sam asks, before Dean can cut in again.
“It’s okay.” Cas smiles at him patiently. “I look like a mess, don’t I?” The boy nods.
Cas lies awake for a long time after they leave the room, thinking about what he groggily overheard.
The flash their FBI badges at the officer standing guard to the warehouse.
“You don’t know either.”
He makes the final fold, holds it up to the light to bask in the satisfaction of a job well done.
“I don’t mean to imply anything—”
He nicks a forkful off Dean’s plate, more to annoy him than because he’s going to enjoy it. Molecules are just molecules. He holds it in his mouth for a while, concentrates hard, tries to appreciate the food in a shallow, human way. The texture, the flavour – not the atoms and molecules and history of the things that were slaughtered and picked and ground up to create the dish.
“The opposite, actually.” He admits.
“Yeah, he has. But I can guarantee you two things, first, you won’t ever do what you did again, and two, he’s already forgiven you.”
“D- do you know where he goes?”
Life imitating art perhaps, or what Dean would call a little on the nose.
Cas turns around with a triumphant expression.
“Well, ‘m sure he doesn’t care.”
“Tell me to kill this man. Beg me to kill him.”
“We’re kinda near Canada.” A Sam shaped lump of blankets mumbles. “Should we go to Canada?”
Sick of being ignored, Claire gets changed in the bathroom, turns off the light and plunges Dean into darkness on her way back.
Dean stiffens for a moment, but then he clings back to Cas like a rhesus monkey. It’s enough to make Cas wonder, with a smile, what on earth they must look like. The whole situation is absurd, their reactions are absurd, and suddenly he can’t hold in a laugh anymore.
It’s hard to fold neat little lines when sometimes, the shaking and the craving spike back, get so bad that the only way to express the need is to howl and scratch and destroy.
“Yeah, him and Rowena.”
“I understand if you’re angry, if you don’t trust me to be here on my own.”
It’s gotta be Metatron. He has to be the key to this. He’ll know, and he’ll demand some ridiculous price, but it’ll be worth it.
“I’ll be back soon. I promise, Cas. I fucking promise.”
“Dean.” Hannah snaps. “Break the sigil.”
“What?”
Cas is wrenched abruptly from his trance by a pull in the centre of his chest. Dean wants him, Dean
She has nothing else to offer, though, so they retreat back to the motel.
Chapter title taken from the Stereophonics song,
The voice startles him and he jerks forward and suddenly the door is open and he’s standing there, looking directly at Cahor for the first time since his escape.
They walk towards a grand, ornate door. It’s very Hades, made of bones and glittering black metals.
Dean loads most of the plants into a wheelbarrow. Cas makes like he’s helping and picks up a small pot of thyme. He tries to think of a joke or a pun or something, some stupid comment that will, if not lighten the mood, then at least mark  an exit route from the uncomfortable silence that has settled over them again.
“She made you kill me. Over and over and over.”
“Let me out of the FUCKING ROOM!”
“He won’t admit it, and maybe it’s not even a conscious thing, but Charlie, the last time he went to pieces like this was when Cas walked into a lake and didn’t come out.”
“Just give me the fucking phone, fake-Sam.”
“Because he’s clearly in a bad place, and we have to bring him out of it, not fucking fight with each other.”
Something is blocking the light from the windows, crawling slowly over the surface.
“It’s embarrassing.”
Cas smiles, jagged and knowing enough that it throws Sam a little.
Lucifer flips Dean onto his hands and knees, smiles as he watches Dean brace himself to be penetrated.
“Uh-huh.”
A special thank you to everyone who left comments and kudos and generally encouraged me, without all of you this would never have morphed from a coda to so much more. THANKS GUYS <33 I PROMISE THE NEXT PROJECT WILL BE NICER (but not toooooooo nice)
“What happened?” Sam cuts in.
He orders a whiskey, and another and another – tries to drink until all memory of Cas saying – saying that – is gone.
“You wanna pick which?” Dean asks, ‘cause he can see Cas getting a little antsy at all the questions.
It’s been somewhat of a charmed week. No incidents or near fights. Not that Cas is suggesting Sam was the cause of any, it’s just a coincidence that he went to ground this week. They’re all getting a little more used to the pattern of their lives now, things are settling somewhat.
“I was lying, about you being a part of this. At Castiel’s behest, of course.”
“Eventually, with enough cajoling, I stopped picking up the guns. I stopped setting out Sam and Bobby’s breakfast for them. Stopped feeling guilty for not making them both dinner. I ‘spose I started feeling like it was okay to be a kid again.
He doesn’t want to talk about it, not really. But he thinks that maybe he needs to. It’s welling up and growing inside him and he’s not sure how much longer he can keep pushing it down.
“What else?” He can tell by the way Dean talks, slowly, like the words are being clawed out without his permission, that there’s something.
Nothing else knocked over though, and no sign of Cas. He can’t be gone again he can’t be not right from under Dean’s fucking nose he can’t—
There’s a moment of awkward spluttering, in which Charlie closes the browser and pretends she definitely was not snooping, and Dean collects his scattered wits and places himself in the universe. Bunker, kitchen – with Sam and Charlie, who are possibly trying to kill him for reasons as yet unknown.
“You know why I’m here.” Dean says.
“Why the hell not?!”
Dean doesn’t run Sam off the road, but only because they’re basically stationary at that point and he wouldn’t be able to work up enough speed to do any fucking damage.
“Want me to do that?”
“Gimme your gun.”
He looks up sharply, as if he hadn’t realised he was there at all, strides over.
“Hi, you guys are the new arrivals, right? I’m Kayla, and this little monster is Alex.” She has a Californian accent, a local then.
“Dude, c’mon.”
Cas narrows his eyes – gets that look, the one that means that Dean is either in immediate mild physical peril, or Cas is going to save it up and hand him his ass later on, when they’re in bed together.
. Not against what he’s been through. I can deal with this on my own. I don’t need him, or fucking you getting involved!”
Dean fiddles with the pipes, griping and complaining on a predictable loop. He cycles through various strains of, ‘I can’t believe nobody told me we have a goddamn pool,’ to ‘I don’t understand how these stupid fucking pipes work,’ and finally around to ‘just because I know how to install a hot tub doesn’t mean I know jack about this voodoo shit.’
“So, anything I need to do in the meantime?”
“So his voice wouldn’t sound the same.”
Sam shakes his head.
Cas can feel the pressing, anxious weight before he even opens his eyes. A sense of expectation, excitement turned sour.
“You’ll have to earn it.”
“Maybe, but that still wouldn’t explain—”
“Got a cop here, says he saw the Continental heading south down Main St.”
Dean swears under his breath.
Dean turns the music down.
“Um, no. Not really.”
It takes him a long time to get back to the living room. So long that by the time he does, Charlie and Sam are both asleep on the sofa.
“Cas, winged demon beasts are following me and just scared the shit out of this town, I’m not sure we should stay–”
Castiel  has most certainly done this many times before. He knows exactly how to drive Dean positively insane. He licks the puckered perineum thoroughly before letting the tip of his tongue dart in quickly, removing it just as fast, to continue licking at the outside. He presses his lips complete around the hole and sucks, but still barely darts his tongue at the hole. The teasing has Dean moaning and cussing and fucking begging for more, like some wanton porn star whore.
“Shall we split up and go both ways?”
A voice came through the wood of the door, “You’ve got to come out you know. Cas’s legs are getting cold.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I’ll give you the speech later. Catch me up on what’s happening in the fancy quarters.”
“A man who’d have been very upset if he knew his son was bisexual.”
”Made a promise,” he stumbles over the word, “in my head.”
“Of course he didn’t sell his soul—”
“Nothing, just, uh. Please don’t tell Dean what you saw – or Sam.”
It’s his last thought before he collapses to the ground, and thinks no more.
“I thought unicorns traditionally had four legs.”
He adds another finger, decides to really start playing dirty. He leans his head down, licks around Cas’s clenching hole, points his tongue, slides the tip, just slightly in alongside his fingers. Cas groans.
Dean sighs happily. Things are coming up alright. It’s a pleasant change.
Dean shows Lelahel his forearm, the fresh angel banishing sigil carved there, in quick, brutal strokes.
what the Leviathan said? You sure you’re remembering it right?” He doesn’t doubt Dean’s remembering it right. He’s only asking to throw him off.
“I don’t even fucking blame him. He deserves better than me, we all know it, but for some fucking reason through every shitty thing he kept on clinging there, pretending like I wasn’t constantly letting him down. I guess it was about time he saw through me.”
What if this is soon, what if Cas is being held in here, and they burst in, and whoever is holding him kills him for it. What if, what if, what if. What if Sam hadn’t smashed the other bottle of whiskey on the ground and bundled him into the car, driven him all the way up here and locked the doors on him so he couldn’t escape and feed his habit. What if his hands weren’t trembling and shaking too hard to aim a gun.
Everything is peaceful, and then it’s not. It starts slowly; one of the sigils on the walls begins to glow, a sickly yellow light that somehow illuminates nothing. As if this was some sort of signal, Dean takes a deep, rattling breath, catarrh on the lungs, smokers cough rasp. He doesn’t stop. His lungs rattle and groan, blood trickles out of the corner of his mouth.
“I’m not going to fight you, I know how that ends, but you have to know how against this I am.”
The silence is stretching, and Dean realises that this is the second time today he’s let his internal self-pitying monologue get in the way of what Cas needs, which is really just proving the fucking point. He can’t even do what’s best for Cas as a friend.
Dean pulls away from his grip.
Cas pays no heed, wrenches his knee upwards and gets Dean square in the groin. Dean crumples and Cas takes the opportunity to free his hands, lashing out at Dean now instead of himself. He’s weaker than he used to be, but he manages to get enough hits in before Charlie neutralises him to do some damage. Blood flows freely from Dean’s nose, and one of his eyes is already starting to swell up.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
At the bottom of his bag is a set of handcuffs. He clicks one around the bed, the other around Claire Novak’s wrist. She stirs slightly, but doesn’t wake.
That’s all it takes to push Dean over the edge, into that familiar anger. Self-hatred isn’t a useful emotion in a fight, but fury is, and he’s been using one to tame the other for years.
fucking upset you.”
“Dunno. Didn’t exactly give him time to talk.”
“You’re still connected?”
“I can show you how to do a frog, if you like? I think I still remember. I’m sure it’s in the book anyway.”
He shrugs, carries on driving. He can’t turf her out now, devil may care on the run
He grunts in surprise at what he sees. The jagged wound from before, where Dean tried to stab a knife under the mark and fucking lever it out it, is gone. If it weren’t for that fact that there was still blood on Sam’s shoes from the literal puddle of the stuff he’d cleaned off the shooting gallery floor, he’d think he made this up.
And god, even over text she sounds pissy and sarcastic.
“Well that’s my life now.” Cas snaps, “In case you hadn’t noticed.”
“What you lookin for?”
“I’ve never thought of weapons as fun.” Cas muses.
“I couldn’t make a connection.”
“Both.”
“You look like you need something healthy in you, and I think if I brought you food you’d throw it at me.”
“And if I hurt you?” Dean snaps.
Cas smiles. “I think I can survive a hug.”
Sam laughs again.
“I wish you’d come sooner.”
“Your problem was purged by God.”
“You make them sound like quicksand or something.” Charlie tries to joke weakly.
Charlie sighs. “That was different. Look, I don’t think you’re actually an alcoholic, okay?”
“I didn’t realise people lived here.”
Well, fuck, good question, how do you kill the actual sister of god?
He phrases it so delicately that Cas wants to hit him. His body might be disintegrating but his mind isn’t. He can handle Dean’s bluntness.
“No. He won’t forgive me, not this time.” Cas says it in a matter of fact tone, even throws in a little shrug. You almost couldn’t tell how those words snarl and bite at the inside of his throat, try and snag there like if they don’t reach the air they won’t have any meaning, won’t be true.
It’s another copy of the book he found in the Motel. Looks like someone was trying to destroy it. Maybe one of the angels listed in it found out about it, rightly decided it was a threat and went to confront the other angels. And maybe Cas got caught in the crossfire.
Cas accepts defeat, curls back in on himself, tries to think of other things as he waits until this is over.
He grabs a towel from the bathroom and wipes himself down – tries to sop up the mess on the bed and gives up. His sheet and his clothes both get changed and he stumbles into the kitchen.
“And that’ll be awkward, but obviously you’re not the angel of social graces so what would you care about that.” Dean changes tack. “How’re you ‘sposed to do your exercises and crap if you wont go near the dude who knows what he’s doing with them?”
Eventually he hears a voice.
“It wasn’t real beer – look at the label – it was non-alcoholic.”
Dean settles down on the bed, trying to lie as far away from Cas as possible.
“I think he was starting to feel a bit claustrophobic.”
“So what now?”
“I said do you want coffee?”
“How you grew up to be such a selective germaphobe will never cease to amaze me.” Cas says without opening his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
He thinks he’ll carry on some of what the Men of Letters started, grow plants for their utility – although he’ll probably throw a few more food and herb crops into the mix. But he also thinks he’ll plant wildflowers and pollinators, and some purely for their aesthetics.
Charlie gives him a look that says
“Fixing an existing spell to work on an angel?”
Lucifer notes, wryly.
He can almost see her rolling her eyes.
“Just do what we always do, poke around until we stumble on something.”
“Excellent. Brains and looks, you really are the whole package. If your boyfriend does end up being ripped apart into an evil dimensional portal, I’ll be more than happy to console you.” She winks, and Cas ignores her. She’s trying to get a rise and he won’t let her.
Dean snorts. “Why do think I drive everywhere?”
“I hadn’t actually managed to put anything in the mug yet.” Cas says, rolling his eyes at his own ineptitude.
disbelief.
“Hannah says she doesn’t think he’s in heaven.”
“Alex!” Kayla scolds him.
“If I win you’re never allowed to talk to me again.”
All of them, this time.
Try resisting that.
It’s weird being this undressed for Dean, anyway. Much as he’d got used to a more casual life, he pretty easily snapped back to the on-the-road habit of crashing out fully dressed. Habit of a lifetime verses a few months. And at one time he’d have felt vindicated that he hadn’t turned soft, now it just depresses him.
“You’re letting me out of the bunker?” Cas sounds surprised.
“That wouldn’t used to have mattered to her.”
Just for one night turns into another, and another, until Cas gives up bringing in a chair and just settles in the bed without having to be asked. It doesn’t stop the dreams, and Dean feels guilty for asking for it when it serves no real purpose, but not guilty enough to stop.
He thinks about how he wishes things were back to normal too. How he wishes he could snap forward to some point in the future where he is healthy and happy and whole, and otherwise as unscarred by this experience as Dean seems to think he’s going to be.
“No deal, Dean Winchester.”
Sam shrugs, unrepentant.
“Me too, babe. Me too.”
Everything is coming along perfectly.
Luckily for Dean, he finally decides to move the party on, slipping in another finger and getting to work in earnest.
Dean jerks out of the self-indulgent, mildly pathetic headspace he’d flopped face first into and drives. And if he doesn’t turn the radio on, it’s not because he wants to be able to hear any conversation that Charlie and Cas are having in the back. It’s because sometimes it’s nice to just listen to the rumble of a car engine.
Charlie accepts the answer and pulls his shirt over his head for him. When she sees his back she whistles. “Jesus, that looks—”
He hurries to the toilet, takes care of business as quickly as possible – not that he expects anything much to happen while he’s gone, but it’d be just his luck if the pair fucking split while he was hitting the head.
Dean and Charlie have been back for nearly a week when Sam finally brings it up.
“It’s okay if you can’t, too.”
“That wasn’t me. That was you.”
“That’s not what you said—”
That was just another hand me down shell, a cloth wrapping that came with Cas’s body, but it also served as a stand-in for everything Cas meant to Dean. A physical, tactile thing he could hold onto and grip so hard his knuckles cracked and fingers ached. Something he could muffle his face in when he didn’t want Sam to hear him grieving as though Cas’d died an innocent, without betraying them in ways large and small. As if that means Dean’s grief was any less okay, as if that made it dirty and shameful and wrong.
Cas takes out his ingredients and lays them in a neat little row on the floor. The first ingredient he doesn’t actually have yet, but it’s simple enough for him to generate, and he assumes the fresher it all is the better.
Dean gives him a withering look. “Don’t pretend like I didn’t just catch you digging holes in the bed as I came in the door. Fidget with it – roll it or  it or goddamn throw it or something.”
He lays Cas out carefully on the bed, stands there and spends a moment just taking in the state of him.
Dean laughs. “I was back on my feet by the time he arrived, and 'cause he didn’t say anything, naive little fuck that I was, I assumed I’d gotten away with it.”
“He’s in a coma, how could he do anything stupid?” Dean doesn't rise to the breakdown comment, but it's hard. God, it's hard.
“Yeah, well… Anyway, I assume Hannah has filled you in on what she wants you to know, but I’ve gotta be honest, we’ve been drawing a blank these last few weeks. We left Druiel to keep watch on the suspected next target while we carried on the trail, but we’ve had no news from him.”
the spell-caster too. Not that they would have lasted long anyway.” He pauses there, cryptically, for dramatic effect. And a little because just because talking takes a lot of effort these days and he needs a breather.
“There’s your problem.” He announces, as if that vague statement solves anything.
Instead he just says.
“He seemed so pliant when I finally succumbed, tied a belt around his arm and turned my back to fetch the syringe.
superstrength out of his ass and take back control.
“That’s bullshit.” Charlie says. “You’re winning, here, have another advantage.”
Nothing happened, this time. That’s what he has to cling to. And he senses that forcing himself to dwell on the shame and self-pity of it won’t help. He can see the pattern – the wallowing and misery and all around bad mental state that created the conditions for his attempted relapse. He’s just not sure having recognised it, he can do anything about it. Like a broken tap, you can turn it off, but you can’t stop the steady drip drip leak.
But yeah, let’s be honest, his usefulness is just one inconsequential footnote in the clusterfuck of reasons Dean wants Cas here right now. That’s tough shit for Dean though, dude has more important, dangerous, world saving shit to do.
“S’up, baby? You want something.”
“That, I, thank you.” Cas says, but there’s something off about his tone. He catches himself, shakes his head and repeats it in a warmer, more grateful tone. “Thank you, both of you. This is so thoughtful.”
Pretending to be a bad liar is actually a lot harder than being a good one. To be a good liar all you really need is conviction. To deliberately lie badly you need so much nuance, layers of good and bad. Can’t lay it on too thick, or too thin.
Cas smiles, but there’s a degree of forcedness to it. He has complicated emotions towards Dean’s proposal – intense gratitude that Dean would hand the Impala over to a stranger for him – of course – but there’s a soupçon of guilt in there, too. The Impala isn’t just a car to Dean. It’s his legacy, his parents, his brother. It’s a huge part of his history – and Cas is the reason he’s away from it.
“Dean, Dean! Calm down. It’s us, man. It’s us.”
“He really wants to talk to you.”
“But?”
Cas puts a hand on his shoulder and exerts a gentle downward pressure, and Dean lets himself be pushed to his knees, level with Cas’s crotch. There’s a supremely obviously bulge there as his cock strains to be free of his slacks, and Dean salivates a little at the sight of it.
“Swear it on my badge.”
“Yeah. So, uh, hold still.”
Cas had been hoping Sam would stay with him, but of course not. Now he’s on his own and even the warm almost bliss he’s wrapped up in can’t stop his thoughts from racing and careering out of his control. He counts, one, two, three, four, five, six, tries to fill his head with harmless repetition and simple tasks.
He’s antsy and restless, and the urge to find a bottle of Jack or two or three is buzzing under his skin. Fuck or fight or drink. Those are his coping mechanisms, and since drinking and fucking are out of the question, that leaves fighting.
Cas winces as the movement jostles his injuries. “He’ll be back.”
Next down is the Khaleesi Cocktail, which is literally the colour of blood and looks like the coolest shit ever. Along with it gets put a stoppered glass bottle in the shape of a skull with a thin layer of cocktail at the bottom and thick, white smoke filling the rest.
Cas fondles his balls with his free hand, rolls them between his fingers, head thrown back and grunting minutely. He doesn’t want to make too much noise, have Sam come rushing in and suffer one final fucking indignity.
Fuck it, she’s got $50, she knows some tricks. She’ll be okay. She’s just gotta keep moving. Don’t stop. Never stop.
Sam finally looks up from the Netflix menu screen.
Maybe, maybe, maybe.
Dean so he wouldn’t have to suffer too much.
And watching the memory, Cas flinches too.
He frets with a bandage on his ankle, cleans it two or three times just in case, removes and reapplies it because it looks like it might be crooked.
How do they even sweep a museum this twisted, cavernous and expansive?
Stupid fucking bastard.
“Close to where we need to be.”
“Who taught you sarcasm? I’m gonna stab them.”
The interesting bit is the particular piece of fabric looped around the trigger.
He doesn’t stay alone for long. A light clicks on and he hears footsteps padding down the hall. Sam’s. He’s spent enough time around those ridiculous clown feet to recognise them.
“Okay.” Sam agrees, but he has a very bad feeling about this.
“Cas, I don’t wanna hurt—”
“Maybe.”
“Fuck you, Dean.”
“No.”
Dean holds himself back from giving Cas a patronising pat on the shoulder.
“I don’t know, it has a certain rugged beauty.”
Sorry this took so long. I was out at a play and they had to evacuate the building halfway through so it didn't finish until way late.
And it’s not just self-destructive impulses riding his ass. He’s a seething, rattling ball of unchannelled anger and he needs some way to expend it all. He has three fall-backs for occasions like this: fight it out, fuck it out, or drown it with whiskey.
“Cas needs space, hell, I need space.”
important we do this. You’ll both be out of commission for a few weeks, sure, but after that we’d have you both back on form.”
“Hey, Cas.”
“I don’t know, sitting in an unmoving car for two hours today was so taxing.”
“Male. Dark brown hair, blue eyes, taller than you, but shorter than you.” She gestures at Druiel and then Dean. “Happy?”
He’s feeling too much. The opposite of the problem he thought he’d be having – and the Mark is whispering, louder than it’s been for days. But not, he’d realise – if he had the time or effort to devote to thinking about this of his many problems – as loud as it should be, as loud as it was a few months ago.
“You piece of shit.”
“Nothing, not like you’re thinking. Just, Sam tries so very hard to be a good person, to help. Sometimes he doesn’t listen to people with better judgement than his own. That’s when he breaks things.”
“S'not what I meant.”
He puts her on speaker.
“Yeah, yeah. Sorry, you don’t have to lie to make me feel better.” He sighs, runs his hands through his hair and adopts a more jovial tone. “But, hey. At least you know what to do now.”
Cas stays there, watching him, for the entire night. The last time he left Dean alone – to make an ill advised trip to the store for morning coffee – was right before they found him, semi-conscious, outside the bunker. Cas doesn’t know if that would have happened regardless of his presence, but he's not going to take that chance. He’s not going to let Dean out of his sight until they have this figured out.
“If you’re well enough to backchat me in full sentences, I figure you’re also capable of sitting upright. Have at it.”
Lucifer twists the knife, because why not, because it’s delicious.
Dean grins back like a little kid in response, unreasonably proud of something ridiculous, and then waves his bit of paper at Cas in an invitation for him to stop blathering and start folding.
Cas smiles, but that’s as far as he gets before there’s a crash from the front of the house.
They told Sam to keep watch. They didn’t tell Sam what to keep watch
“Look, just, come back, please… Even if you don’t wanna see me. Let him know. You’re his friend, and he doesn’t deserve to be punished for my fuckups.
Dean shrugs. He wanted to avoid the bitterness, the confrontation that Cas is so clearly reaching for, but even though he’s been offered an out, he can’t stop digging at it, working the knife around the wound some more.
Cas doesn’t reply, and he doesn’t leave either. It stirs at the anger curled, ever present, in Dean’s gut. He’s so fuckin angry and he has to have an outlet for that. The cathartic effect of the forest is all very well when he’s there. It’s his waking hours that are the problem.
Twice Cas thinks he sees Buck let a demon get past when he could easily have intercepted it, both time the monster heading in Cas’s direction. Cas has no idea what he’s done to earn this sudden enmity, not when this morning Buck was, once again, offering to share his porn. It makes Cas wish, now more so than ever, that Dean had his back.
It’s not the first time he’s been down here, probably won’t be the last either. He can’t push past that last hurdle, his courage always betraying him at the last second.
“Oh?” It’s clearly not the answer Sam was expecting. And Jesus, she isn’t sure she has the energy to explain this one. At least Sam is the emotionally open (hahahahahaha) one of the three of them. Trying to explain this to Dean would be excruciating for everyone involved.
Someone has managed to procure a building schematic of the warehouse where the demons are supposed to be holed up, and there are six people currently pouring over it, offering suggestions and tactics. Cas joins them, studies it and considers carefully. He’s a tactician, this is what he’s good at. He might as well put those skills to some constructive use.
His eyes snap open and he tries to jerk upright, nearly headbutts Dean
Dean shrugs. “Long as Cas wants me to.”
Mild spoiler warnings for the 1980 film Airplane - but it’s only spoiled in so much as I’ve given away the punchlines to a few of the jokes so really by reading this fic and then watching the film you’re living the Cas experience.
“You’re a dumb word.”
“See, even if I believed you were real, this sloppy sort of shit is all the proof I need. The real Benny? He’d have run a fucking mile.” Dean’s gaze slips away from Benny and to the sky behind him and he sneers bitterly. “Too fucking lazy to even raid my memories properly now? Half-assing it?”
Cas pins Sam in a death-squint.
Sam grunts, but he’s not actually annoyed. He just likes winding Dean up.
But what if he could? What if he did it and the fear was gone. What if this is what’s been holding him back, the fact that even if he won’t address it he knows the creature who broke him, reduced him to some base, fragile mess is still alive, could still do it again no matter whether he recovers from the first time or not.
“Don’t say a word, Sam.”
“Now my young padawan, you wait while I get the PS4 from my room.”
The anger sparks back up and Dean finds himself on his feet, hissing into the phone.
“I know that.” He hears Cas snap. “I just don’t want to risk finding him suffocated in a puddle of his own vomit when we
“Okay geniuses, you were right. Looks like the forest has taken it back. Unless—”
“Uh, yeah.
“He’s trying to heal it.” Dean says.
Cas’s sits up, eyes flaring wide and he howls, terrified, furious. Sam can’t tell which.
“I hate him.” Dean whispers, eventually. “I fucking hate him, Sam.”
Sam’s brow furrows. “It’s me, Cas.”
She knows that Castiel would want her to help him, knows that he would be angry at her if he knew what she was doing. That’s why she relents, eventually. She has enough to occupy her time without having to deal with whatever dumb scrapes Dean Winchester has involved himself in this time.
“The Rocky Mountain Arsenal? The fucking nature reserve.”
‘Cause Cas has two graves, really. There’s one in a muddy hole in the ground in the woods somewhere outside the bunker, the one for show, the one to mourn at. But there’s another one, the place where what’s left of the actual stuff of Cas is buried. The barest blue flicker of his grace embedded in flesh, a pulsing monument to his sacrifice.
Cas wants to hurl, every single message his brain sends out is telling him to keel over and throw up his guts. But he can’t, obviously, because Lucifer is in control.
Dean doesn’t howl back to life this time. His eyes flare wide, his veins bulge. There’s a brief gust of sulphur, and then he’s awake.
He’s saved from starting a fight by a booming voice coming from behind.
Orcus snaps its fingers and the contract ignites. It burns to dust before Dean can even make an effort to save it, dropping to the floor in a miserable pile of ash.
Dean struggles to reconcile what he’s being told with what he’s feeling. It can’t be right. This has got to be some trick or something.
that Dean can’t help but fucking laugh. He rolls his hips a few more time, clenches around Cas’s cock, and suddenly that’s it for him as well.
The spell has done other things though. For the first time in a long while, he can breathe without feeling the air in his lungs being poisoned. The irradiated pit at the centre of him, spilling out and leaking into everything else, is gone.
“You didn’t tell me it was going to fight back.”
“Oh, I feel guilty all right, but not for that reason. I know Rowena can save Dean. I feel
Cas is not having a great time. I LOVE HIM REALLY I PROMISE
“I’m supposed to be looking after you, buddy. Not the other way around.”
Sam enters, holds his hand over the speaker in the hope that Dean won’t hear this next exchange.
He manages to scramble to his feet, runs up the stairs and gets his bearings.
They were in
He huffs out a little sigh of relief as Dean settles his hands at Cas’s sides, starts to roll his hips. Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder and Dean turns, mouths at his neck as he thrusts gently into him. Cas groans, unable to do much more than just ride the crest of sensation.
He nuzzles into Cas’s side, pulling him down into the bed and wrapping his arms tightly around him. The lingering remnants of his dream, where Cas and Sam had both been gone, are making him nervous, edgy. He’s not exactly going to go and climb into Sam’s bed and spoon with him, but Cas he’s allowed to do this with. Cas he can anchor himself to, cling so tight he can’t ever leave again.
He towels it dry, puts it away in the cupboard. He isn’t one for praying not really, not since he was a kid, but he senses that girl needs all the help she can get.
or something. Of course you can have books.”
Cas falls on his steak like he hasn’t seen a meal in weeks, practically unhinging his jaw to stuff it all in. Dean takes his time, because he paid for this shit, so he wants to enjoy it, thank you very much. He’d ordered an extra side of onion rings, as part of his low key quest to find the best in the US – what, he spends a lot of time in diners, and it pays to have a hobby – and he can see Cas sneaking little glances at them.
dread mixed with the old angst about whether Cas regrets giving up his grace just for poor, pathetic, broken Dean.
“We can’t exorcise him—”
“I’ll keep better control of myself. It was a lapse.”
“I said we’ve had a hit. He’s in Denver.”
Cas tries to mask the flinch, the honest to god hurt flashing in his eyes, but Dean still sees it. And shit, there it is again, now he’s gone and upset Cas too. He’s fucking incapable of doing a single thing right.
There are people who see Dean as this selfless, martyr type, but he knows they’re wrong. Hannah has the measure of him; she’s probably the only one who does. He does those things because he loves people, yeah, but it’s a selfish kind of love. The kind of love that won’t let people go, even if they need it. Suffocating, cloying, smothering love. He’s so desperate to keep people in his orbit, staying with him, loving him back, that he binds them to him with sacrifice and pain. It’s how he shows people he loves them. It’s how he ties them down.
“Yeah? And does that work?”
He realises that he’s taking a little too long to answer, and that his smile isn’t entirely convincing, when Dean falters and says, “Yeah, well, but. Y’know. I mean I could just go and get her myself actually, no need to drag everyone else across state lines.”
“If I had a free hand,” Cas whispers into his ear, “I’d be working a finger into your ass right now, into that tight, pretty little hole, feeling it clench and twitch around me.”
“How?” Dean sneers. “Can’t chase him without angelic stamina or power, don’t even know where he’s gone.”
“That’s not space hopper, it’s a gym ball.”
“It won’t happen again, I promise.”
“Yeah, well, he said he reckoned Cas had forgotten about it, and he was gonna surprise him, and he didn’t want to surprise him with something shitty and fake.”
“Fuck off, Sam.”
He strokes his fingers over it, the first physical proof he’s had that this isn’t all in his head. That there’s something real, something supernatural happening to him.
“You think he forgives me for letting him get cut up and doped to shit? So what. I don’t forgive me. And I don’t even believe he does fucking forgive me. He might say he does, he might even
“Dean?” Cas asks groggily.
They master the art of origami cowboy hats, envelopes and guns before Cas gets too tired to continue.
“How’s that feel, babe?” Dean’s voice sounds strained, like it’s taking a lot of effort not to move, not to thrust and claim and take. Cas wishes he’d just do it, just fucking nail him. But he won’t, because Cas is injured, and this is a first for him. Dean will take it slow and gently, will caress and fondle him, make everything about this center on Cas and not himself.
“You wanna split? Fine. Do it. Go save some souls, if that’s what you think is right. But don’t think, for a moment, that I’m gonna give up on Cas while he’s still alive.”
“I promise you won’t
“I wanted to die. I looked down, and I knew I’d never be worth anything again, so what's the point in going on. Except I couldn’t even kill myself, because I couldn’t hold a knife, or blow my brains out with a gun. I might as well have been a slab of meat.”
Life doesn’t work like that, though, and he doesn’t have enough medical knowledge to feel safe mixing anything much with the who-fucking-knows-what in Cas’s system.
“Exactly.”
“Well, I was gonna see if you guys wanted to go down to the beach, but clearly you vile degenerates need to go back to bed and sleep off your disgusting hangovers.”
He comes up to breathe, resting in the shallow end, and Dean is no longer there.
“Yeah. Mostly greens. Is this coming from you?”
“Why were you holding Cas’s angel blade?”
“Fuck off, all of you!”
Sam can feel Dean tense up beside him, expecting viciousness or a trap.
They spend most of the day doing relatively boring, easy stuff. Clutch control, braking, indicating, changing gear and trundling along very slowly. It’s okay, but it’s not particularly fun, and Cas is starting to regret not bailing before the session started.
“What?” Dean doesn’t like her tone. Not. One. Bit.
At his feet lies a bowl, and in that bowl is a gnarled branch, packed around with earth and a fine dusting of dirty-blond hairs. The bowl is aflame, and while the contents twist and dance in the fire, they are never consumed.
“We can’t disturb them.” She chides.
Possibly, Charlie thinks. We don’t know why he went after Cas, but she’s betting it wasn’t random chance – and from what little Sam has told her, the angel went to great lengths to torture Cas as thoroughly as possible. Sounds like a hell of a vindictive bastard.
That seems to trigger something, Cas’s mood flips suddenly.
He’s starting to get why Cas suggested it’d be merciful to let the demon take over.
Dean is half awake and lazily content. He thinks it’s still early but it’s hard to tell in the eternal gloom of the bunker. He’s been thinking about getting one of those fancy-ass alarm lamp things — the ones that wake you up gradually, like the sun rising.
“Please.”
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. Sam is going to kill her. Then Cas, when he gets better, is going to kill her. Hannah will probably do the reviving in between, not quite caring enough to get her hands dirty but still pissed that she let Dean loose when actually she doesn’t want him away from Cas at all.
“Why not?”
“To take revenge.” The angel who has yet to speak, inhabiting a middle-aged Ukrainian with a thick accent, corrects.
It’s Hannah, of course, who breaks the moment.
“You heard grandad.” Charlie says, and Dean grimaces
“Not today, buddy.” He grunts, as the guy rolls out of the way
“Yeah.”
“I didn’t even think.” It seems to be Dean’s catchphrase these days.
“Yeah.”
“Thank you, Charlie.”
“So you’re saying—”
“I’ll tell that to Charlie’s fucking grave, when she gets killed because she doesn’t know what she’s dealing with. That’ll make us all feel better.”
“Was he this precious when you lived in motels?” Charlie asks, throwing herself onto the sofa and stretching out with an
“It looks kind of different.” Sam agrees. “I think they’ve had work done.”
He reaches down to Cas’s crotch to try and get him to join the party, finds him already half-way there.
“Deliberately keeping you out.”
It knows what it’s here for, then.
Dean keens, thrusting forward abortively and then jerking backwards, trying to spear himself on Cas’s fingers, get them deeper, get them to finally touch his fucking prostate.
He wakes up on a cold, concrete floor with a hangover the likes of which he hasn’t had since he first started drinking. The slow, muggy pace of his brain is a fucking blessing, even if once he realizes why that is, it’s over. It takes him nearly half a minute to catch up, to realise what prompted his bender.
“And if I tried by myself?”
Hannah hears Dean’s prayer long before he puts it into formal words. It’s a tug, visceral, at the center of her being as he swings wildly between wanting her help and thinking she’ll be a hindrance. She ignores him for as long as she can. He wants her help finding Castiel. Well, it was only a matter of time before he said or did something that drove Castiel away. She’s not at his beck and call to help mediate lover’s tiffs.
Fear starts to prick at him again, and he’s walking away from Dean without even consciously realising it, to Charlie and Sam.
“You know I can’t do that.” Cas says, softly. He lifts a hand to Dean’s chin, tips it up so that Dean is forced to look at him. “You know Sam, better than anyone. You’d know if he was acting off, or doing something suspicious.”
“It’s me, Cas. I promise.”
But how badly must they have treated him, how much work, how much carelessness and callousness must they have invested in him to ruin Castiel, angel of the lord, force of will and warrior implacable. To convince him that this is an acceptable trade – his life for a handful of fucking photographs.
“Okay, physio my ass. There’s no way a space hopper is a physio tool.”
His hand drops to his cock as Cas kicks out of his jeans and Dean groans, it’s too much, it’s too much and he can’t take it.  He allows himself one, quick stroke and then his hand flicks back up to his chest, nails digging in harder now, almost painfully. He can see the outline of Cas’s cock though his boxers and he wants it, he needs it. He wants to taste it, he hasn’t had the chance in so long and he misses it like a goddamn ache. The weight and the feel, the knowledge that the tremors of bliss wracking through Cas’s body are all his, the answering arousal roiling in his gut, demanding he satisfy Cas, demanding he swallow him down as he finally fucking comes.
They take turns, him chasing them all and growling, pretending to trip and stumble just moments before he tackles them to the ground or slays them with his mighty sword. At one point a particularly lively kid, who the others are all calling by his monster name of “Fartweiner,” but who Cas thinks he heard being referred to by someone else as Teddy, gathers them all into a baying mob and they tackle him to the ground.
Dean laughs. “I’m gonna kick your ass, that’s what.”
Understanding clicks.
“How’d you manage to clear the entire place?”
“Yeah, well. Ain't we all.” Dean snorts.
The angel studies the mark, head titled curiously, places two fingers on it and then flinches back. Anger twists her face into a snarl, the kind of violent, horrified fury that Dean recognises. The kind you feel when someone you love a great deal dies in front of you, and then suddenly you’re faced with their killer.
Cas shakes his head, a vague dismissal.
“I’ll give you hell.”
Charlie shrugs, he’s not wrong about her motives. She wanted to spend time with Cas, she also wanted space to see if she could persuade him to talk about the static discomfort he and Dean seem to generate whenever they look at each other. An IOU would have been a nice thing to have tucked in her back pocket should she feel the issue needed forcing a little further down the line.
“Yep.” Sam says, and goes back to scrubbing the wall. He feels like that sums up their lives pretty well. Try to make something good, and watch is fucking disintegrate by the wayside as the next catastrophe comes along.
Crowley opens his mouth to delve further, pry and get some answers, when of course Rowena interrupts.
What is it about Dean, that everyone he loves ends up broken around him?
“What did I just take?”
At the centre of his web, Crowley sits, among strands of smoke and bone, sinew and tendon. He is betrayed, forgotten. Triumphant. He sends out an order, and a velvet-red tendril vibrates, starts to hum as if plucked. He watches it with a grim sort of satisfaction.
Cas doesn’t back down.
“Says the person who wants to sleep in the middle of the day.”
Cas doesn’t disagree.
“Is this a ritual?” Sam knows he’s grasping at straws, but this is Cas. There has to be an explanation.
She looks carefully into his eyes, spots the tell tale slight shadow.
Cas doesn’t see the point in lying about it. “Yes.”
“You know it’s gonna hurt him regardless, I know you know that.”
But mostly, he wants to shoot up.
Cas eats a few thin, watery mouthfuls of soup. It holds less than no appeal, and it makes his stomach quiver and growl, strange, alien sounds.
He creeps along the corridor, leaning heavily on the wall, doing his best to remain silent but not doing an amazing job.
“Gross.” Charlie wrinkles her nose.
Cas snorts. He doesn’t even doubt it.
“What’s wrong with your face?”
“I need you to concentrate on your breathing, nice and easy. You’re breathing too fast and we need to get that down otherwise you’re gonna pass out. Can you breathe with me? Otherwise we’re gonna have to get you a paper bag. In, two, three. Out, two, three. Can you do that?”
Dean doesn’t so much as flinch.
To steal an angel’s grace is to try and erase that angel, overwrite it with yourself like old files on a hard drive. Unlike a computer memory, it never works perfectly. There’s always kickback, there’s always a rough and bloody fight.
tired
Cas has changed out of his pyjamas and into loose track pants and even looser short sleeved shirt, but, Dean can’t help noticing, no shoes or socks. Once a goddamn hippy...
Cas nods, waits until the door is shut, and then draws out the phone he’s just pickpocketed from Sam.
“Three minutes or three hours?”
Lucifer teleports to the outskirts of Lebanon, becomes visible and walks back to where he left Dean.
“Hand me your phone, Sam.”
Thor.”
He can feel himself trying to have an epiphany of some sort and he ruthlessly stamps it down. Fuck off, I’m content in my misery.
“Oh, uh, okay.”
Crowley lifts his hands, placating, thrusts out a bag.
“You’re very brave suddenly. Don’t worry, I’ll cure you of that.”
“How the fuck do you think it makes me feel?”
He walks inconsiderately, ploughing through the oncoming crowd and barging people out of the way, sneering when they quail.
Cas frowns at him softly, and then closes his eyes as understanding clicks.
Sam is glad for the rain, and the darkness. It makes it feel like just another hunt, another grave to be dug up and then filled. Not like the time when he’d taken a shovel and cracked earth in Pontiac, Illinois. It’d been unseasonably warm back then, even for May, sun glaring down on him the entire time. A beautiful fucking day to bury your brother.
“Now I believe we were having a conversation about the almost definitely evil tree on your back, before you side-tracked it with a chick-flick moment.”
“Who for?” He croaks out, visions of needles and dealers coming unprompted.
“Fuck!”
“Don’t you fucking dare give up on me now, Dean.”
He looks so dejected, like a dog beaten to within an inch of its life and still crawling back home.
“He’s saying nothing of the sort.” Cas snaps back. “He’s saying you’re under a lot of demonic trauma and you’re in one of the largest magical archives known to mankind. It’s like asking someone with the flu to live in a leaky biochemical lab.”
“Yes.”
Cas catches his arm, uses it to leverage and flip him over, pin Dean to the bed.
“I’m not throwing anything away. I’m just trying to get you back.” He tries to defend himself, but they both know it’s a lie.
“All the more reason, then.”
“You have a hot tub?”
Anyway, not that it fucking matters whether Dean thinks he can cope - he’s going to have to. Rule one, someone dies for you (he conveniently leaves out the rest), you don’t throw that back in their face. And Dean’s not the suicide kind anyway, he thinks. Maybe he’s right, maybe he’s wrong. Maybe there is a difference between swallowing a fistful of pills, and doing what Dean will probably end up doing a little way down the line – throwing yourself into fight after fight after fight until finally your luck runs out.
“Do you know where she is now?”
“Maybe.”
“Who’s in there?”
Cas nods. “I heard about the witch.”
“You think he’s in any danger?” Sam asks.
Cas is disinclined to agree.
Charlie goes to slap him playfully on the shoulder and he flinches away.
“I think you’re actually vibrating.”
Like running away is gonna do anything to help any of them, like it’s not gonna end up with himself on a downward spiral of booze and fights. Like it’s gonna help Sam and Charlie. Like it’s gonna help Cas, who’s already struggling, who fucking asked him outright to stay and didn’t tell him to leave.
“Look, man, what d’ya want?”
Dean expects the hot flush of anger, defensive rage. It doesn’t come. He waits for it, keeps on waiting. Realises Sam is looking at him curiously.
“So, what’s the plan?” He asks Charlie, because distraction is good.
“It’s not yours.”
As though it can hear them talking about it, Dean’s phone starts to ring again. He groans, covers his eyes with his hands.
He sweeps the obvious areas first, finds nothing much. Another footprint on the ground. Same tread as before. See, he watches CSI. Not usually their sort of thing, though. Footprints and fingerprints and trails. Hunting is usually more brutal, less subtle. Who’s that holding a beating heart in their hand? Let’s put a silver knife through their carotid artery.
“How could you do that?!”
Also, he’s really fucking bored.
“My name is Cas. If lost, please return to Dean Winchester.”
“How soon—”
Dean waves him off.
Sam drives back like he’s got the devil in his rear-view. The backseat of a car is no place to start going through withdrawal symptoms, and it’s a nine hour trip back to the bunker from where they are.
“Don’t trust me, Winchester?”
“Yeah. Fine.”
“Thanks to us all
“He wants me to have a normal human dating experience. Something which, it might be argued, he also hasn’t had.”
He doesn’t lunge for her, just about content to take out his rage verbally instead. She’s the best hope they’ve got right now, but fuck, if she wasn’t, she’d have a blade through her heart.
“No. That’s where
And then Dean’s phone rings.
“It’s not working.”
“You kill the person casting the spell.”
like a dog.”
He looks nervous, like she’ll judge him for trying to take care of the one thing in his life that isn’t currently falling apart. The thing that’s been in his life the longest, saved him and the entire fucking world, if Carver’s final book is to be believed. Like trying to keep just one fucking thing in his life good and stable is a sign of weakness.
Cas has lost interest, but he can feel Sam’s excitement and enthusiasm radiating out of him like a fucking nuclear generator of fun or something, so he nods, pats the floor next to him in invitation.
He nearly stacks it a few times, roots tangling at his shoes, thorns and branches flaying his skin. His jacket gets snagged on a branch and as he turns to free it something catches his attention. Sunlight on metal. It’s enough to halt him – it’s the first non-wood or flesh thing he’s seen. He weighs up his options, shrugs – what’s left to lose – apart from, you know, his life and his humanity.
Cas chokes down a noise, maybe this is what he needs. Time alone with Dean, with this olive branch extended.
Apparently he’s still got the energy to sarcastically backchat himself. So there’s that.
“So what, we just keep him locked up forever?”
“Think so.” Charlie says.
“Yeah, that sounds like Dean.”
You can’t leave me because I saved your life. You can’t leave me because I gave up everything for you. You can’t leave me because I love you. You can’t leave me, please…
Cas does a double-take.
Cas picks Dean up off the floor and places him on the bed.
“He’ll be grateful for it, when all this is over.”
“I’ve been waiting for you.” Dean chokes out. “I’ve been looking...” He trails off, shakes his head. He grabs Cas into a hug, buries his head in his shoulder and breathes out four years worth of tension.
Dean arrives before Hannah does. And it isn’t good news judging by the scowl on his face and the choked rasping tone of his voice.
Cas sits up abruptly, shakes his head.
He wants to throw it across the room in rage, but he doesn’t, because it’s Sam’s property and he doesn’t want to break it – and also because he wants to behave, because if he behaves then maybe he gets this fucking cuff off sooner. It didn’t bother him too much at first, he was used to it, but now every scratch and chafe reminds him that he’s no better than a fucking dog, tied up here, not trusted.
“Dude. I’m trying to be gentle and not damage you even more, but I’m not above sitting on you.”
“Dean? Are you okay?” Cas reaches out and touches his hand, and that’s Dean fucked.
He plays for a while, works her back up, and then, when she’s just clutching at the sheets, he withdraws, pulls on a condom and thrusts into her.
“Yeah, well, not like we’d be able to actually
He puts his hand against the door, tries to apply force. Tries to do anything other than stand here, quivering.
“Okay.” Cas acquiesces surprisingly easily. “Is the bath ready yet?”
Sam snorts..
“Fuck you.”
Cas grits his teeth.
“We were gonna go to IKEA, pick our room and all that coupley shit.”
Dean’s still not perfect, but now at least he can get something close to the right fold – gradually shaping something up that, while crumpled, is starting to look increasingly bird like.
He raps two knuckles in turn on the door, and then retreats, like the big fat emotional bomb dropping and then running away coward that he is.
“Yeah, for how long.”
He wants to be convinced so badly, but Hannah’s words are still ringing around his head, won’t let him accept Sam’s judgement with grace.
“It’s not that simple.”
Dean full on laughs, strides over and goes to slap Cas on the back. He course corrects as soon as he realises what’s happening, ends up making an awkward flappy hand gesture. Cas looks at him completely and utterly unimpressed, and then turns and stomps back to their room.
“You did that on purpose.” Cas grumbles.
Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s, ignores Rowena’s impatient tutting and takes a few moments, breathing in and out until they’re in sync.
“ Shhh!!!” Dean instructs in a giggly shout-whisper. “We’ll wake Sam.”
“I’m not sure that’s the best idea.”
“Don’t sweat it, Garth.”
“You bought non-alcoholic beer?!”
"No."
It sounds so stupid, but for a few seconds there he’d forgotten about all of the bullshit. Thought that things were still normal, still okay.
That’s all it takes. Dean comes explosively, bliss shooting through his veins.
“Nothing a bit more experience won’t fix. It takes time to learn that jam and pasta are not compatible flavours.”
Sam wakes up with aches in every part of his body and something warm laying on him.
He gives it a squeeze, as per instructed, but for obvious reasons that just hurts. He tells Dean as much and Dean grimaces.
There’s been a lot of that going around recently, a lot of people trying to use humour as a coping mechanism, and a lot of people who’re too strung out and fucked up to appreciate the jokes.
“You mean you’re not still sharing a room?”
“We uh, we did a mind meld spell, me and Cas.”
The demon snorts.
“I can’t let the book win.”
Stop it. He can’t assume. It’s not like that, it can’t be. It’s just the fucking stress of the whole situation – Lucifer, Amara – making Dean paranoid. He’s got to believe that.
not enough.”
“You can’t have a road trip without a car.”
“S’what I said.” Dean frowns. “What’d you think I meant?”
“You haven’t even looked at the contract yet.” Dean rolls his eyes.
“Not so eager to believe he’s innocent now, are you.”
“WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?” Shouts Sam over the din.
“Okay.”
“So, recognise it?”
Buck sidles over.
Cas harrumphs. “Well, that’s just false advertising.”
It’s summer, so it’s not agonizingly cold, but it is enough that his nipples are already standing to attention. Cas’s gaze lasers in on them, and before Dean knows what’s going on, there’s suddenly hot warm pressure around one of the most sensitive areas of his body. He groans, leans back and nearly falls when he realises there’s just empty space behind him. Cas releases him with a grin, the little shit.
“Hey, hey, kid.” Dean goes for soothing. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean – you weren’t supposed to be here.”
“What’s going on here, Dean?”
“You weren’t listening, Crowley.” Cas says. “I said purgatory was going to tear Dean apart, I also said it wasn’t going to kill him.”
“So, what’d you bring me back? Your car looked pretty weighed down.”
Ash laughs at him, steers him over to the mountain bike section and hmms contemplatively as she tries to find one big enough for his “abnormally large frame”.
“Sam’s on the warpath. He’s not saying anything, ‘cause he knows I’m not doing too hot right now, but it’s the little things, y’know. I can tell he’s pissed. He’s even less subtle than you, and that’s saying something.
“Dude, we’re paying for this. I wanna make the most of it.”
“Scouts honour.”
It doesn’t do them any fucking good. He beheads one of them before she can even get near. The other two, older and more grizzled looking, with their fair share of scars, are more canny. They keep a wary eye on his sword, correcting their charges the minute he swings the blade their way.
He grunts in response, like he hasn’t really considered the possibility. She doesn’t call bullshit, and he’s grateful for that. This is a judgement free, sympathy free, emotional bullying free zone. You are allowed to have emotions in the zone, you are not allowed to try and force other people to.
He decides there’s no such thing as too paranoid anymore, grabs a silver fork from his bag – after the fucking LaCroix debacle he’s been carrying one wherever he goes – cracks the door open and chucks it out.
See, there’s a double layer of difficulty here. She doesn’t just have to find a way to stop Dean from being ripped open and turned into a living portal. She needs to find what Cas would deem a suitable alternative. Not
“Fixed, in a way.”
“Why not?”
“Why’s he banging on about love? Is this a trailer for some shitty British romcom. I didn’t know Drive-In’s even had trailers.”
But no, now is not the time to push things. Now is the time to leave Dean, alone and unbalanced, confused and suspicious.
“I fuckin’ heard what you said.”
Cas grins back at him, texts Dean.
Sam leaves Cas alone to finally shampoo and conditioner himself, bustles through the bunker and grabs at any book he sees, tips them into a box and dumps it in Cas’s room. It’s an eclectic mix of non-fiction, fiction, even a couple of cook books – just in case that helps to spur Cas’s appetite on a little bit.
“Not going to protest your innocence?”
“Yeah? Well, that’s good, I guess. Is Dean with you?”
just as tightly back on to him, anchoring him in just the same way.
“That little tattoo of his, it’s not just keeping all the bad things locked up nice and safe.” Dean grunts something that sounds a little like shocked resignation. Orcus ignores him, carries on. “It’s busy changing him, too.”
“I wasn’t present for all of it.”
Sam’s mouth is dry, brain whirring along at an almost audible rate as he takes all the pieces and tries to fit them together. Cas – because it must be Cas, no other angel can wear Jimmy Novak – the restraints, the slightly off way he’s smiling.
”Then why did you?”
"Deaaaaaaaaaaaan." Cas whines.
Sam doesn’t dignify that with an answer.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Sorry for, y’know.”
“I don’t care.”
It’s a miss for Dean, but it’s oh so close, and if Dean were a worse person he would definitely be lying to Cas’s face right now.
“It’s not hard to work out.” He says, softly. “You’re frantic with worry, Castiel is nowhere around. Earlier when I mentioned him you seemed very distressed.”
Three expectant pairs of eyes turn on him and he doesn’t say anything, wondering if maybe he can wait long enough that they’ll give up, or maybe one of them will— no, Sam’s broken out his puppy dog eyes, and Cas doesn’t even need to guilt Dean into wanting to nurture him. Dude’s all pointy and emaciated and sometimes Dean fucking forgets and then it hurts to look at him again.
“Yeah.”
“Hannah is helping them?”
“Oh, Sam, you have no idea.”
Today is not turning out to be Dean Winchester's day. But then again, neither was yesterday and tomorrow doesn't look much fucking good either.
Cas finds his way to Dean’s side and slips an arm around his shoulders, pulling him in close. Cas is warm and comfortable and Dean has no problem folding himself into the embrace. He makes an actual proper effort to watch the film for a bit, something about fires and people dying. Yeah, totally nothing like their lives or jobs.
“Is this a party you want to take elsewhere, or are you just hungry?” Dean asks, eyes closed, letting the sensation of Cas’s tongue at his neck ground him, block out all the other things fighting for space in his head.
Even if they get C, even if Cas gets his revenge – this guy’s family are never gonna get their happy ending. Someone always loses.
Cas throws Dean a towel and a pair of jeans, grabs as much of the stuff scattered on the floor as he can and stuffs it into his bag.
“I’m not broken.”
Eventually he douses the blaze and beckons Dean inside. He takes delight in Dean’s grim expression, the way his hands are balled into fists so tight his knuckles are white.
Cas sighs and turns towards the coffeemaker.
Cas doesn’t have an answer for that. Or, at least, not a palatable one.
“C’mon dude. It was
“Hey, Cas.” He whispers. “Hold tight, there. I’m coming for you, promise.”
“Still so pathetic, Castiel.” He twists Cas’s wrist around until it threatens to snap, and Cas drops the blade with a cry. “You shouldn’t have brought me this knife, you know how much fun I have with knives.”
Lelahel’s patience, angelic and supposedly infinite, finally wears thin. “Can we please focus on the matter at hand?” She cuts in before an argument can start, or escalate. “Dean, I need to know if you’ve had contact with Druiel?”
“Oh god, no. Even spreading the weight out over the entirety of hell, I imagine a whole load of souls are going to go pop. Not enough to weaken me, though, and I’m the king. I can do what I want. And I want your soul.”
“Yes, how did you know?” He squints at her like he thinks she’s reading his mind somehow.
Sam nods smugly at him, taking that as a victory. Dean rolls his eyes and throws a casual middle finger salute. Like
It’s midday when they make it back to the bunker, and despite their supposed car rest, Sam and Cas are still knackered. Dean, somehow, despite having driven for nearly 6 hours, is full of beans.
“You’re using booze to deal with your problems, and I’m pretending I’m emotionally mature. First sign of the apocalypse. Oh, wait.”
Mention of the Michaelsword shakes him right up, has him practically snarling, balanced on the balls of his feet and twitching his knife minutely.
The jacket definitely helps, and Dean reckons once his hands have thawed out enough that he can unzip the pockets and stuff them in, it’ll be even better.
They’re actually not, for once, although Cas has a look in his eye that makes Sam mildly uncomfortable. Like please, stop looking at my brother like you’re about to devour him right in front of me.
Jimmy Novak might never have ridden a motorbike in his life, but he spent a lot of time on a regular bike, and while it’s not the same, it’s at least similar enough that he doesn’t wobble and fall over.
“A year.”
But Dean succeeds, eventually. A dark little corner, tucked up in the basement. The furniture in it just different enough to the uniform beds and cupboards and end tables and crap in the rest of the bunker that Dean doesn’t see his and Cas’s room every time he turns around.  It’s not great, kinda musty smelling, and the mattress is so full of dust that every time Dean sits down it exhales a great cloud of it, makes him cough and splutter.
And then the look is gone and suddenly Dean is all business again, fretting and fussing and making sure Cas’s injuries aren’t fatal.
Dean gets up and storms out. He makes it nearly halfway down the corridor before his legs give out from under him – because apparently that healing magic doesn’t extend past his fucking arm. Sam hears and comes running, and isn’t that just perfect. He’s such a fuckup he can’t even get this right.
They miss Old Faithful blowing by about five minutes, so they hang around and wait for another hour. Sam goes on some lame tour of some famous Inn nearby (Dean isn’t really listening), and it takes so long that he nearly misses the next eruption too. Much to Dean and Cas’s clear amusement.
“Called the Horn of Gabriel.”
Cas fights very hard to resist the urge to struggle, chide or beg or plead or even fucking react. If he thought he had the faintest hope of taking back control, maybe he would have tried – saved one innocent life. Not much in the scheme of things, but somehow that doesn’t make it any easier to just sit there and watch.
Lucifer takes Dean’s head in his hands, stifling a laugh at the reactions he gets. Dean leans into it, closes his eyes, and Cas practically vibrates with a mix of longing and fear.
A slight sigh escaped Dean. He tried to school his features into professional calm, but it was always sad working out the first steps: who they were, what family they had, who loved them. Parts of his job, Dean loved with a fiery passion. This...no. He’d lost too many people himself to ever take joy in this part.
Dean left the house, pushing down his annoyance. Not a day went by that John wasn’t trying to tell Dean how to run the business. He knew John hated being unemployed and sitting around at home. He’d heard tales of old sea dogs who’d gone mad when they were no longer able to go to sea—John wasn’t one of them yet, but he sure made sure Dean knew when he was miserable.
“Nothing,” Adler says darkly, heading for the door. “It just seems like
“A big ol’ bag of dicks? Yeah, we got the memo.” Dean stands up and Castiel follows, both of them offering Sam a hand and helping him to his feet. Sam straightens out his days-old clothes, looking from Anna to the coven to Crowley to the goons, eyes finally settling on Ruby.
“You good, brother?” he asked as Dean came into the room, taking off his hat and hanging it on the hook by the door.
. Sam huffs his irritation at them so many times that eventually Dean turns his accusations on his brother, even though they’re on the same team.
The man’s head tilts to the side to look over Dean’s shoulder, making his longish fringe flop across his forehead. “I see. Well,” he adds quietly, his eyes pinning Dean once again with their bright gaze, “you seem to have lost your companions for the moment. I have a break in ten minutes. So if you’d like me to, uh...show you around the encampment, I’d be happy to do that.”
The Captain looks between Dean and Bobby now, grinning as if she’s won the lottery. “Where have you been keeping this little ally?” she asks Bobby, her gaze returning back to Dean. She takes a step closer, touching his arm, and the flow of her magic feels—familiar, friendly.
. Only time will tell if he's done so.
Meg pauses, then asks, “An argument? With a student? Like, an academic argument, or…?”
“No, not ready at all,” Castiel said. “You?” If he caught Dean’s motion, he let it be, for now at least.
It’s title “UK vs US: The Cultural Treatment of Lay Magicians.” Curious, Dean clicks and reads an excerpt:
Rachel’s eyes widened as she took in how many people were gathered around, watching her. She scowled, turning to face Castiel now. “We do not need you bringing your degrading influence here.”
They’d barely been in place for a second when Dean heard Balthazar’s distinctive accent rising over the crowd.
Ellen: Maybe we'll hold out just a little longer…
Cas stays in place, wondering whether this is really what he needs.
“There you are,” she began. “I saw you heading this way and just wanted to…” She trailed off as she took in the trove, much as Gabriel had done the last time they’d been here.
“You should go to Bobby’s,” Dean mumbles, exhaustion aching down to his bones, “get changed, get food.
Bobby said, “I’ll ask around, see if I can find him somethinʼ to keep him busy. He was still savinʼ up for the big smoke, I take it?”
Monday is a new day though. And now that he’s taught his morning classes he just has to get through this meeting with Dean, and he can go home and relax.
Naomi stared at him, clearly horrified. “Listen to yourself! You’re talking nonsense— you know contact with humans is forbidden. They’re dangerous, uncivilized thugs who’d kill you as soon as look at you.”
The roaring in his ears was back. He tried to take longer, deeper breaths to calm himself, but it was no use. The heat of the room and the press of people and he was going to have to—
Castiel enters his office and has just shut the door behind him when his phone vibrates in his pocket. He fishes it out of his coat, trying to ignore the odd lurch in his stomach when he sees that it’s Meg. Isn't it the middle of the night over there?
“Oh, ready to exert yourself, are you?” Dean grinned as he eased his boots off with his toes, and peeled back the edge of the quilt.
Dean couldn’t resist giving Castiel a subtle nudge with his elbow, cautioning the man to mind his tongue, but the tiny smile they shared was far more fond than it was reprimanding. Dean would have to be careful of that. Looking down between his feet to where a black leather, doctor’s-style bag rested, containing weaponry and other items that a Lettersman never knew when he might need, Dean waited.
Dean chokes out a laugh, glancing back over his shoulder at Cas. “Uh, no, ma'am. The bureau doesn’t allow partners to work together.”
Dean stands illuminated by the bright floodlight, his stance relaxed, his fist clenching. “You can go back to where you came from, demon.”
Dean nods, and Cas replaces his hand on the scar, his hot palm searing into Dean’s shoulder once again. Dean throws his head back as he drives into Cas, gasping at the magic singing through his body.
There was a pause—a weighty thing, more than a breath or a beat—something keeping their eyes locked and their voices mute for a long moment, until Castiel regained command of his vocal cords.
"Dean?" he asks, and Dean's heart aches for the tiredness in his voice.
Had he made a huge mistake? Or was Cas just as implicit as Amelia was?
“All of them?” said Dean, appalled.
"Sam was one of 'em."
Castiel darts forward, grabs the ice flowers from Dean and throws them into the air, trying to cast a hasty shielded container around them, but he’s too late. The whole spell loses integrity and explodes, sending them both flying backwards across the room.
Castiel turns to Dean, reluctant for their day to end. “Dean, thanks for inviting me today. I appreciate it, honestly.”
A few frozen moments pass, Castiel staring at Adler, Adler’s jaw dropping open. He looks between Castiel and Dean, and down at their rumpled clothes. Castiel can only imagine how it must look—he’s got to get on top of this, and fast.
“If that means accepting Crowley's help, and giving up the one thing that can banish him from our kingdom, then…”
"Dean!" Castiel cuts him off and Dean shuts his mouth, still glaring daggers. Castiel continues, quieter.
She pauses, then says, "
Dean chuckled as Baby shifted beneath him. “Make sure you do. Nothing better to put unwarranted criticism to rest than quiet confidence, I find.”
Dean grinned, leaning on the opposite edge of the rope-covered work table. “It’s good to see you, Bobby.”
He walked down the hill towards the center of Hunter Bay, lights in windows illuminating the fishing town sprawling down the hillside. In the distance he could see the harbor, tucked into the bank of the river where it met the sea just to the east. The tall sails and rigging of the ships there stood above the buildings nearby, the
The paralysis holding Cas in place seems to drop as a cool fury replaces it. "What the hell are you doing in my apartment?" he demands as he shrugs out of his trenchcoat, nearly dropping his phone in the process.
Castiel nods thoughtfully. It’s been a long time before he’s seen someone suffer long-term burn out. The last person had been Anna, years ago. “I’m sure you know that lay magic can be addictive, and the long-term side effects can be dangerous.”
Well, that explained the fine shape of his thighs. Dean dragged his wandering eyes sharply back up before his thoughts were betrayed. “Very good,” he said, strained. “Daily fresh air is good for a man, I think.”
“I’ll…I’ll have to think about it. But thank you.”
Could it finally be the merman again? He’d been looking on and off ever since the storm, but hadn’t caught as much as a glimpse from the ocean beach.
“His Highness…?” Castiel glanced at Dean, then over towards where Prince George had been sitting. The Prince Regent was looking in their direction, a frown upon his face. “Ah,” Castiel said. “Thank you, Miss Masters.”
“What is it that you told me, before we saved Charlie?” Dean puts his hand on Cas’ neck, and his touch must be soothing, because Castiel’s face is instantly more open and relaxed. “I just need you to believe in yourself the way I believe in you.”
“I’m glad you're here, man,” Dean says.
He needed to return to the ocean—now he was standing in the waves again, he missed the surge and pull of the currents, the blissful cool waters that didn’t feel like an icy grip on his legs.
“Jealous, Professor?” Dean quips, thumbing at Cas’ sides. Castiel places his hands on Dean’s neck casually, as if they do this everyday, even though this…
“You’re taking too long, Castiel. I’m taking matters into my own hands.”
Their walk to the library is rainy, and because the forecast boasted a zero percent chance of precipitation, Dean left his umbrella at home. It’s such a heavy drizzle that Cas insists Dean share his, and though it’s a roomy family-sized umbrella, they haven’t stood this close together since that day in Dean’s classroom. Leaning like this in the chilly, wet air, feels so intimate. Their hands and hips occasionally brush, their silence heavy with tension, and it makes Dean’s heart race a noticeable amount.
“I suppose I should clean us up and we should dress, don’t you think?”
Charlie waved a hand dismissively, and Dean couldn’t help a little snort at the idea of being grouped with the book club like that…but what harm did they do, he supposed. Some of them were a little intense—that Rosen girl was unnervingly eager in some ways—but Dean truly believed that books, that words, were an enriching pastime.
Before he can move, though, the door cracks open and the older man from the graveyard the other night appears, looking gruff and uncertain.
“Whatever, Dad,” Claire says, rolling her eyes. “Look!” She points out over the view to where fireworks are going off in the sports field. “We can see everything—I’m so glad we came here!”
“Oh?" she asked. "What else did you catch? Octopus?”
She holds out her hand and he turns it over, palm up. He runs his finger lightly over a red, jagged mark on her wrist, and she flinches. "This mark will fade in a few days, but the mark against your name remains."
Castiel tilts his head curiously, but stays silent.
The creak of the door opening cut off any thought of a response Dean could have made. Ash stepped within, kicking the door closed again carelessly. “Mister Winchester,” he greeted Dean, extending his skinny hand to greet him warmly.
Castiel sends more soothing magic into Dean as he stares up in awe at the look on Dean's face—his eyes shut tight, his mouth open as the filthy groan escapes him. The sight alone sends tightness to Castiel’s core, but when Dean twists his hips slightly, Castiel has to close his eyes and hold on tight to his orgasm to keep it at bay.
Anna leans back into her chair, taking an exaggerated sip of her tea. “I can’t tell you that.”
Ellen: absolutely, and a relaxing break, if you're able to. I recommend not writing a huge plot-heavy fic at this time. You know that meme with the guy with things stuck all over the wall and string connecting everything? That's what it felt like putting this fic together 😂
Bobby exchanges another look with Dean. “No,” he says. “They converge. Here, at Stull. At certain times of year, the veil between worlds gets thin. That’s when the gate opens, and lets the demons though.”
“Coulda helped ya, y’know,” Dean mumbles, and Castiel smiles at Dean gratefully but shakes his head.
Castiel grins at him indulgently. This semester has been hard on all of them, and he and Dean have been looking forward to this break for weeks now. “As long as you don’t make me watch
Castiel gave a small, fleeting smile. Dean was quickly coming to enjoy the sight of those little smiles on the man’s face; he wasn’t commonly given to big bursts of emotion, it seemed, his demeanour a little more reserved and serious. Those tiny smiles had to be earned, which made them all the more exciting. The way they lit up his bright blue eyes did no harm to his appearance, either.
“Sounds like Oxford. Everyone getting all worked up, the city practically shutting down over just a few inches.”
Gabriel put his hand on his chest. “You wound me. Of course I’ll keep your dirty little secret, as long as you promise me one thing.”
“No,” Sam replied, not rising to the bait of the joke in the slightest. “Just in love, I’d wager. And I’m very glad for that, for you, no matter what happens.”
"No, I haven't." He rubs at his left calf, trying to loosen the muscle.
“Did he eat?”
“I need you to fuck me,” Dean says without hesitation. “I need that huge cock inside of me, please, Cas…”
Eliza’s back hit the wall of the hallway with an indelicate thump as Dean leaned down to kiss a gentle line up her neck and along her jawline. She gasped, lifting one knee to press against the side of his, and he cursed the fact that she was wearing such a long skirt that getting under it was going to be difficult.
“We suck,” Dean concludes after their third fall. Somehow, though, their spirits are just as high and hopeful as they were at the beginning. He’s pretty sure he could go dumpster diving with Cas and still have an awesome time.
Castiel cocks his head to the side. “Do you need something? Sustenance? Or would you like to prepare for the next ritual? There’s one more, isn’t there?”
He dresses quickly, tossing on a pair of worn denim and a long-sleeved henley. He brushes his teeth and puts a little product in his hair—he doesn’t give a fuck how he looks around Charlie or Sam, but if Cas does stop by, he doesn’t want to look sloppy. He checks his phone, frowning when he notices there’s no reply, but remembers they hadn’t actually made plans today. He has no right to be disappointed, really. Maybe Castiel already has plans, who knows.
“As much as I loath to kill a fantasy, I'm not spy,” Castiel said. “I lead a research team in biological marine life.”
“Thank you,” he said into it before fleeing the stage.
“Samuel,” Crowley called from behind his big, posh desk. “Get in here.”
better than himself, would never have the balls to do
Sam frowned. “My way doesn't sound very fair.”
Damn it. How could he be so stupid?
“So what is she?” Victor prompted.
“Sam!” Kevin cried. There was a loud thud. “I need your help! Sam!”
“Then what are you waiting for?”
“Sir,” Sam started. “I worked as an EMT for years and sometimes scratches can be tricky for people to treat. Do you mind if I take a look?”
The man gave his sword a flick into his other hand and parried Kevin's stroke with ease. With a flourish, Kevin was disarmed, his blade flung to a lower level of ground. There was a gap in the rocks between him and his blade, with a beam stretching between them. Kevin grabbed that beam, and with a show of acrobatic skill, did an extra twist around the pole before releasing, landing with a roll, and retrieving his sword.
Ah, now that was familiar. He and Sam never dealt with water creatures, friendly or otherwise, but sometimes selkies were mentioned in shapeshifter tomes.
He crossed the space to Cas in a few strides and plucked the glass from his hand. He set it down—hopefully on the sideboard, he wasn’t sure.
It was not hard to come up with a few lies that placed them at the top of the Cliffs of Insanity.
Sam was opening his mouth—no doubt to protest—but Dean didn’t stick around to hear it. He jerked Cas towards the kitchen and didn’t look back.
Dean laughed with him, but ended up looking away at the end, wondering how true that was. “Are we? Are we all good?” He’d been such a tool. He still couldn’t believe Castiel still wanted him.
Dean had no idea what was on Castiel’s plate now, what other plans he might have, how he could fit in with his and Sam’s life, and he certainly didn’t know if he could do the long term relationship thing. He had no idea if he could truly wrap his mind around that relationship being with an angel. The fact that Castiel had saved him still unsettled him to the core.
“Graduation day,” she repeats, looking him straight in the eye without blinking, “the Seal falls.”
. There’s no hanky panky going on.”
The cat finishes its bath and curls up in a circle, tucking its head onto its front paws. Cas would reach over and pat it, but it’s just out of reach, and when he tries to shuffle over and puts a hand out, the cat lifts its head and glares at him. He retreats back to his end of the couch, disgruntled.
