"Thank you, Sam," Cas said warmly, smiling up at Dean with adoration. "We've just started looking into it and I'm sure it will be quite a while still before anything actually happens, but we both very much want to be parents at some point in the nearer future," he elaborated.
"Come on Dean, I can take it. You know you won't hurt me", he urged. Dean slipped a second finger in and scissored them apart, soon adding a third one. Cas fucked himself back onto the fingers, forcing them deeper. Eventually, Dean pulled them out completely and lined his thick cock up with Cas' entrance. The angel immediately lowered himself down, taking the whole length in one swift motion. They both moaned loudly when Cas began to roll his hips slowly, making the water splash around them.
Cas is Dean's boyfriend. They have been dating for nearly three months now, but nobody knows about them yet because Dean is too afraid of his father's reaction. He knows that John has never been fond of homosexuality and since he is also very hot-headed and tends to use violence now and then - especially when he's drunk, again - so Dean isn't really looking forward to telling him about Cas.
"And what do you think about all this, Cas?" Sam addressed him alone for the first time. He didn't have to think about his answer for even a second.
Now, a good five minutes later, Dean and Cas were
Dean opened the door slightly, peered around it cautiously, and visibly relaxed as he saw who it was. He opened the door fully and Charlie entered the bunker with a cheery
All too soon, though, he pulled away again, hands cupping Cas’ face tenderly as his gaze caught his boyfriend’s. “You, um. You know I’m only teasing, right? I’d never actually do any of that. I mean, you mean everything to me, Cas, honestly.”
"Thanks, babe," Dean said, lifting his head from Cas' shoulder to press a soft kiss to his lips. When he pulled back and opened his eyes, Cas smiled at him before pulling him back in gently. Their lips moved together slowly and passionately as they melted into each other on the couch. When they eventually came up for air, Dean seemed a lot more relaxed than when Cas had walked in earlier.
"No offense, Lisa, but I'm positive the reason for your ignorance regarding the nature of our relationship is the fact that you were still hoping for a chance with my fiancé," he says, and she blushes all the way up to the roots of her hair.
He'd been so close to the edge already, but hearing Dean saying those three little words - even though he'd said them thousands of times before - was what pushed Cas over in the end. He came with a silent scream, squeezing down tight around Dean's cock as he came all over their stomachs.
"Do your parents even know that you are bi?" Cas asked, somewhat nervously. What if they haf d a problem with their son being with another guy?
“C-Cas, fuck,” Dean moaned as he handed him the lube bottle. But Cas just set it aside and went back to the plug, pulling and twisting it until Dean was a writhing mess on the bed. “Please, Cas, c’mon…” Dean pleaded, desperate for more.
"Thank god, Charlie, you're there. I'm losing my mind right now, ok? Shit, I--I realized something today and--oh god I think I'm having a panic attack right now--yeah ok I just realized that
"'And'? What do you mean 'and'? You are
“I am not-“, Dean started to protest, but he was cut off by a huge yawn. He crawled up on the bed and flopped down on his side, opening his arms for Cas to join him. The angel complied quickly and snuggled up to Dean so that his head was tucked under Dean’s chin and his hands flat on Dean’s chest. Dean wrapped his arms around his waist, one hand carding through his feathers gently. They fell asleep like that in a matter of minutes.
Dean chuckled at the angel's enthusiasm and rolled out of bed rather disgracefully in his sleepy morning state. He followed Cas into their adjoining bathroom, which was already steamy from the hot water. He walked up behind Cas and wrapped his arms around him, just enjoying the feel of skin on skin.
with a damn male ex-angel as if it's perfectly normal for you to cuddle with male ex-angels", Sam said, impatiently. Dean looked at him as if he'd suddenly grown a second head.
Anyway, I hope you'll like this new chapter. It's short but I wanted to give you something and I'm still struggling with the first meeting between John and Sam so...enjoy!
"For example, they have 'der', 'die' and 'das' where we only use 'the'." Dean looks at him with a look of confusion, so he elaborates. "We say 'the dog', 'the cat', 'the horse', in Germany they say '
house at all, mostly making up for lost time. Sunday morning the moving truck arrived, and they carried all the furniture and stuff inside in record time, just to be able to jump each other again as soon as possible.
Dean felt a part of the weight on his shoulders lift already as he saw that John at least looked like he told the truth when they spoke on the phone.
?” he asked.
The hunter rocked his hips up as good as possible with Cas in his lap and he managed to continue hitting his prostate on every thrust. The angel’s moans became louder, interspersed with small cries and suddenly he gripped Dean’s shoulders with bruising force as he came closer and closer to orgasm. He clenched tightly around Dean while his sweet spot was stimulated heavily. His muscles fluttered and spasmed around the thick length inside of him and he screamed out his orgasm.
After that there was a seemingly never-ending string of congratulations and hugs and more tears until Dean finally had had enough and demanded that they start in on the food
This one is just schmoopy smut and fluff...as always, lol ^^ I seem to be incapable of writing angst or anything serious in general (okay, apart from that ONE time but I don't know what came over me there myself).
"Uh, I don't understand. Is Dr. Winchester giving you trouble? I thought you got along quite well?" Jo interjected, surprised. The two doctors always seemed to be quite close. Dr. Novak's expression changed from fond to confused and back to fond.
They were back at the bunker in two days.
"Me neither", Cas said contendly. He snapped his fingers to clean them up with a thought and mojo the blanket over their naked bodies. After a few minutes of silence, Dean spoke up again.
"Well, then, I'm happy for you two idjits. Have you told your parents yet?" Bobby asked.
Cas got lost in all the sensations making love with Dean brought him. The slow drag of Dean's tip against his already oversensitive prostate, the feeling of each vein and bump on Dean's shaft against his stretched rim, Dean's hands resting gently on his overheated skin, Dean's gaze on him, heated but still loving.
“You know, there’s still something we should tell you. Or rather, Dean should”, he added with a shit-eating grin in his brother’s direction. Dean rolled his eyes and groaned. Charlie looked at him curiously.
Right after finishing a hickey on the pale skin of Cas' neck, Dean sat up again and started meeting Cas' thrusts. This way, the angel could go even deeper, and Dean threw his head back, moaning. The feeling of his lover's cock sliding in and out of his tight, wet hole was exquisite, only outranked by the near-constant stimulation of his prostate that was sending electric shivers up his spine.
Now, Sam, Dean and Cas were seated at a table in the bar, each of them with a beer in front of them, just relaxing and sipping their drinks. Sam left soon, being dragged to the dancefloor by some woman he’d been chatting up. So Dean was left alone with his angel and they just talked back and forth about nothing important at all, until Cas got up to get more beer because Dean said he should learn to act ‘more like a normal human being’.
He stopped after a minute and inserted a single finger next to his tongue instead. He moved it around, searching for the angel’s prostate. He knew he found it when Cas bucked his hips and moaned loudly, and Dean rubbed his finger over it a few times before pressing it against the sensitive bump
always been there for me in the past seven years," Dean answered, unable to stop the hinted accusation from slipping out. "Let's go to the kitchen, you can put down the wine and meet Cas before Sam and Jess get here. And, fair warning, Sam's probably gonna be a harder nut to crack than me." John nodded before turning to follow him with a last glance at the photograph, and Dean thought he detected a tiny smile playing around his father's lips.
Cas moaned louder, reaching one arm back to tangle his fingers in Dean's hair and hold him pressed against his ass, urging him to continue his ministrations.
Thanks for reading, tell me what you thought!
"Cas, babe, I'm pretty sure I'll still remember last night in vivid detail when I'm 98 and couldn't even tell you my own name."
“Okay, okay, you’ve convinced me, I believe you! Oh. My. Gosh. Well then…since when are you two together?” she asked curiously.
“Dean, I’m ready. Please, just get inside me already”, he whined.
"So, is it complicated?" Dean asks from his position on their bed, sitting opposite his boyfriend Cas. Cas, whose nose is currently buried in a German textbook - and has been for the past two hours.
told me they're freaking married!", she exclaimed, almost hysterically.
"I meant no, I'm not going to take a shower with you right now."
"Dean. It's um- It's good to see you," he said. He lifted his hands, holding a bottle of medium-expensive red wine. "I don't drink anymore but I thought maybe-," he trails off awkwardly and Dean decided to let him off the hook for now. He stepped back from the door, gesturing for his father to come inside. He tried to see their house through a stranger's eyes; open floor plan, the entryway bleeding seamlessly into living room, kitchen and dining space. A small hallway on their right lead to a guest bathroom and laundry room. A staircase lead upstairs, where the master bedroom and bathroom, as well as two guestrooms and an office were located. The whole house was designed to be open and light-flooded, with large windows and light wood floors. Both of them had immediately loved it when their realtor first showed them the house. It had needed a bit of work, but now it was as good as new.
“Nope.”
“Ok, it’s five doors down the hall. Hurry up, I’m hungry.” Oh god, always bitching about being hungry and then he eats nothing except a
"There, all done", Cas grinned as he ended the call. He placed the phone on the nightstand and snuggled back into Dean's arms, both of them soon falling into a sated sleep.
"It's alright, love. I truly couldn't be happier than I am right now."
"Shit, Kevin, we promised him not to tell anyone! I'm such an idiot! Please, you gotta keep this to yourself, okay?" she begged, looking at him pleadingly.
"I told him I'd talk to you and get back at him. And that we could do dinner here with Cas and you and Jess if you were interested."
“Was that really necessary, Dean? I could’ve lived happily without that knowledge.”
In his surprise when Dean said he loved him--oh my god, he
"Wait,
"Wait!" Dean stopped him from leaving in the last second. "What about my dad?" Gabriel raised an eyebrow disapprovingly.
"What is it that I hear about girlfriends, here?" Castiel's deep voice drawls into his ear. A shiver runs down Dean's spine and he turns his head to look at Cas over his shoulder. "You know I don't share, Dean."
Again, he felt the cold of an ice cube at his clenching hole. He expected Dean to repeat what he did earlier, but instead the cube was pressed against him with intensifying force, until the muscle gave way and it slid into him fully. He froze completely for a second before releasing a low groan and rocking his hips back needily.
"Well, then you sure don't want to know that Germans write every word where you can put a 'the', or rather 'der', 'die', 'das', before starts with a capital letter", Cas goes on, just to rile Dean up even more.
"Don't cry, honey. Please", she said, muffled into his neck where her face was buried as she hugged him. Dean did his best to hold the tears back. He was overwhelmed by a wild mix of emotions - confusion, fear, wariness, love, happiness all crashing down upon him and leaving him dizzy.
“I said humans can only see an angel’s wings when the angel is attracted to them.” This stunned Dean into silence for a minute.
"Yes, Dean. I'm sure", Cas said determindedly and wrapped his legs around Dean's waist to pull him closer. Dean guided his dick to Cas' entrance and slowly began to push in, jerking him off at the same time to distract him from the initial pain.
The man raised one eyebrow challengingly. “And who’re
"Well, that's bullshit. What kinda purpose does that even have?" Dean scoffs. Cas chuckles at his indignation.
“What’s up, Sammy? You look like a moose in the headlights.”
Dean woke around 6 p.m. and immediately realized that he was starving, which wasn't really surprising considering that he hadn't eaten anything today. Still, he didn't want to wake Cas, so he ignored his hunger for now.
He has just finished making breakfast and washing the pan he’d used, when a pair of arms embraced him from behind and Cas settled against his back, his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Dean dried his hands and turned around to face his angel. He wrapped his arms around his slim waist, pulled him close and kissed him, licking into his mouth lovingly. Cas kissed back eagerly, but they were interrupted when Sam walked into the kitchen and coughed awkwardly to let them know they weren’t alone anymore.
!” she begged them.
"Dad?" he said, and hated himself for the way his voice shook. Cas turned and left into the direction of the kitchen and Dean was partially grateful for the privacy but on the other hand wanted nothing more than to hold his hand or something. God, he was such a chick sometimes.
Cas tried to convey his love and support through his gaze as they waited for Sam's response with bated breath. Dean sent him a strained smile in return. Finally, Sam's voice crackled through the speakers again.
"N-no! Of course not! We just - we didn't know. That you two are together, I mean!" Jo explained quickly. He frowned, appearing even more confused than before.
"A second chance? That's a joke, right? He's already had dozens of chances and he blew every single one until we finally left." A pained expression flickers over Dean's features as his fears regarding Sam's reaction seemed to prove true. He squeezed Cas' hands again for moral support before interrupting his brother's irritated mumbling.
"Castiel Winchester", he announced, frowning when there came nothing but silence from the other side. "Hello?"
"So I think you said something about a reward earlier?" he asked with a playful wink. Cas laughed and let himself be pulled off the couch and in the direction of their bedroom.
"Nope. We're going to drive over this weekend and surprise them", Dean grinned happily.
Cas hummed an agreement and kissed Dean again, passionately and urgently, because he'd really been craving to do just that in the last two days. Of course, he could've just flown over to see Dean, but he'd wanted to stay strong and not act too clingy.
Sam finally comes out of the school building and hops into the Impala. Dean starts driving, blasting AC/DC to try to drown out his own thoughts.
“Hey, ya fags over there!” a man, one of the bikers at the table across the room, called loudly. “Would ya two quit spreading your nauseating gayness all over the place, like now, I mean? Geez, all those disgusting idiots nowadays. Makin’ me sick to my stomach.”
“I thought you were starving, Sam. Then why are you the one who holds us up now?” Dean mocked. Sam shot him an annoyed glare.
"Care to introduce us, idjit?" he grumbled, even though looking happy for Dean, and also being confused since he knew that Dean never had any real relationships, much less with a guy.
“Oh, ok”, Sam murmured and turned back to sleep a little.
The two nurses' eyes went wide, mouths hanging open in shock.
Cas, who watched him through the rearview mirror, was very much aware of his boyfriend’s arousal and he felt exactly the same way. But he also felt pretty smug because he was able to affect Dean in this way. Admittedly, Dean could do the same to him just as easily and so he waited impatiently for the end of their drive.
Anyhow, I guess this is the last chapter. There will maybe be a little epilogue later, but I'm not gonna promise things because I learned that that's not a good idea since I just end up letting you down again and feel even more awful than I do anyway.
I'm so friggin' sorry! I realized I shouldn't make promises such as saying I'd update faster next time. I believe I already said that last time, but I'm kinda lacking inspiration for this story. Also, I had a bit of a writer's block lately, but I'm working through it.
“It’s a shame that I’ll have to take these off of you,” Cas lamented, fingers toying with the edge of the underwear.
“John.” Mary said, tentatively. “Look who has come to visit us.” John placed his book on the coffee table, got up and turned to face them. A look of disbelieve crossed his face, then – after Dean had assured him, too, that he wasn’t dead yet – he hugged his eldest son briefly before motioning for them to sit down. Dean and Cas sat on a small sofa, Dean’s parents on another one opposite them. Mary spoke up first.
tell only Kevin, right?"
"I was just asking myself if - you know, when we're having the wedding in heaven and mom and dad will be there - if we could also invite some of our friends. The dead ones I mean", he said, and Cas could hear the sad undertone in Dean's voice as he thought about all those people they've lost over the years.
Thanks for reading, let me know what you thought!
Dean pulled his fingers out after a few thrusts and Cas whimpered at the loss. The hunter lowered himself gently over Cas, covering his body with his own and supporting himself on his forearms. He gripped the angel’s hands, which were lying beside his head, and looked deep into his eyes, watching for any signs of pain as he pushed slowly into his lover.
Dean placed a hand on the small of Cas' back and gently shoved him closer to Bobby.
He’d only been gone for a few minutes, but as he went back to their table his blood ran cold at what he saw there. On his place beside Dean sat a young brunette, pressing herself close to
“I’m gonna leave with Lara tonight, so don’t wait for me, ok?” Sam said to his older brother, who just nodded and waved goodbye. Sam left, but Lara told him she’d follow in a minute and stayed beside their table awkwardly. She looked somewhat embarrassed and it was almost funny to Dean how she fumbled for the right words desperately.
“Oh, I see” he said, somewhat sheepishly.Charlie just laughed and told them some of the things she had done in the last months. There were so many movie references in her story that even Sam and Dean were slightly confused at times, but Cas was completely lost. At some point, Charlie noticed his bewildered expression and looked at Dean disapprovingly.
Mary went to the door and was surprised to see Castiel Novak standing on the front porch, breathing heavily as if he'd ran here. Well, he
Any kind of feedback and constructive criticism as always very much welcome. Thank you all for reading! <3
Dean rolled his eyes and turned to Cas, who already looked a little bit annoyed and impatient. They had decided that it would be best to let Ash get the others, instead of Cas flying around between the heavens to bring them here, because Dean was worried that it'd drain him too much. Cas had only agreed reluctantly, and after Dean threatened with no sex for an entire week.
Dean angled his hips differently on every thrust inside, until Cas' breath hitched and he clenched around Dean momentarily, bucking his hips, and Dean knew that he'd found his prostate. He kept sliding in at that same angle, hitting that sensitive spot over and over again, and Cas was sobbing beneath him. Dean knew that the raven-haired man wouldn't last very long, since he was a virgin and over six years of longing came now crashing down upon them.
"I don't know. But 'der' is used for things that are male, 'die' is female and 'das' is neutral", Cas explains further. Dean frowns.
"What? I thought everyone knew that." Dean frowned, confused. "We aren't exactly subtle." He grinned, remembering all the times he managed to get Cas riled up enough for him to disappear into the janitor's closet with him for a hot quickie.
"Um, right, sorry. I'm John Winchester, Dean's father." Oh. Shit.
“Star Trek?”
Dean was the first one to speak after an indeterminable amount of time. “That. Was incredible,” he said, grinning up at his disheveled mess of a boyfriend. “I should totally get you jealous more often.”
"You could--y'know, if you wanted to, then you could just move in with me. I mean, I don't want to pressure you into anything, but we've been pining after each other for years and now that I finally have you back I want to spent every free second with you. And this house is certainly big enough for both of us", Dean said nervously, slighty afraid of Cas' answer. "And well, I mean apparantly, we both were never able to get over the other, I mean you were still a virgin because of me until half an hour ago, and I wasn't much better either. I couldn't keep a relationship for more than a few weeks, and once I even moaned your name during sex", Dean said, and they both chuckled lightly. "Needless to say, she was pissed as hell and stormed off directly after. Not that it was a loss, anyway. You were always my one and only. And I love you, Cas. Always have, always will", Dean ended, and he felt like a complete girl for all that cheesy stuff he'd just said, but it was true, so very true, and he wasn't ashamed of it. Cas beamed at him happily and kissed him again deeply.
"What's up? It's not something dirty or whatever, is it?" Dean asks with a grin. Cas shakes his head once. "So then why won't you tell me? Come on, spit it out. Or do I have to tickle you again?" Cas lets out a sigh of defeat.
A few hours later, they all sat at the kitchen table, eating home-made burgers, and they had told Charlie everything they’ve done since they’ve last met her. Well, nearly everything. Charlie just wanted to start asking probably tons of questions when Sam interrupted her.
"Hello?"
"They do, normally. It's kind of a big deal, y'know? Those anniversaries. But it's not like we're normal in any sense of the word, so whatever. Also, I'm not big on this whole girly stuff and I think you're neither. Figured this is better than dinner at some fancy-ass restaurant", Dean said, squeezing his arms around Cas briefly for empathy. He'd chose a lazy day in bed with his angel over a dinner every day.
"You got pie? From Gabe's?" he asked, delighted, as he took the first bite of pie and ice cream. "If we weren't already married I would ask you on the spot. I needed this so much right now." He let out an exaggerated moan as he took another bite.
"Dad called." Silence. Sam was obviously taking a moment to let the information sink in.
Dean was nervous, but he tried not to make it too obvious. He'd thought about something in the last two days, something Cas had asked him about once, but it'd made Dean uncomfortable so he'd dropped it immediately. But right now, the hunter really was considering
'd in his mind and took a photo with his phone just to tease Dean with it later, then he left the room quietly, deciding that there wasn't anything important enough to wake them.
"So, tell me, where is that new apartment of yours?" he asked curiously, hoping that it wouldn't be far away.
“Why? I don’t need to shower”, he answered matter-of-factly from somewhere underneath the pile of blankets on the bed.
When Kevin entered the kitchen ten minutes earlier, he immediately was greeted with a cheery
“You’ve been in a gay relationship with an Angel of the Lord for
In lieu of a verbal answer, Cas stripped off his own clothes probably faster than ever before and finally joined Dean on the bed, crawling up his body on his hands and knees and claiming his lips in a kiss that stole the breath straight from his lungs. Dean’s hands reached up to clutch Cas’ hair and shoulder as his mouth was absolutely devoured and he loved every second.
"Gabriel?! We thought you were dead, dammit! What the fuck are you doing here?" Dean demanded, glaring down at the shorter man furiously. Gabriel just smirked and stuck a lollipop, that he'd seemingly pulled out of thin air, into his mouth.
"Hey darling. I didn't expect you here this weekend", she said, just as John stepped up behind her to see who was there. Dean relieved his mom and gave his dad a short hug, too.
"I--I'm sorry. You are not who I meant to call. I'll just--" he stuttered out, voice shaking as well as the rest of his body.
"Cas, Baby", he murmured sleepily. "Did ya know that today's our one year anniversary? That's like, the longest relationship I've ever been in by far. Really fucking far."
(See the end of the chapter for
But Dean also knows that it's not fair for Cas to be kept a secret. Yes, Cas understands Dean's reasons, but Dean still feels bad about it. And they have only been dating for three months now and it's already torture for the Winchester not to be able to just grab Cas and kiss him whenever he wants to.
"I love you, too, Dean", he answered, sitting up to snatch his phone out of his pants pocket and without another word he called the house owner to tell him that he wasn't interested anymore. Next, he dialled the number of the moving company and told them Dean's address, instructing them to bring his things there instead. Dean lay beside him on the bed grinning like an idiot; he couldn't even believe how lucky he was, meeting Cas again after so many years and even having his feelings returned.
He thought about his angel, sleeping in his arms so peacefully, and he felt his heart warming with all the love he felt for his fiancé - god, he had turned into such a sap. He still couldn't believe how lucky he was to have Cas. He was an angel, so perfect and beautiful and strong and Dean was just a human, a hunter, but despite that, Cas still loved him more than everything else and it made Dean so incredibly happy to be able to lie here, with an angel wrapped up in his embrace, trusting Dean enough to let his guard down like this.
Follows up right after the first chapter. Just fluff and smut without real plot, I'd say.
Sam looked after them, asking himself how one could possibly stay in bed the
“I know what we’re gonna do tonight”, she said determinedly.
“Okay, let’s have breakfast then”, Dean said. “Hey, where’s Kevin, anyway? I haven’t seen him when we came back yesterday.”
“Well, don’t get me wrong now, son, it’s nice to have you here, really, but I can’t entirely believe that you actually came here just to tell us all this. You could’ve still done that after you joined us here in heaven”, John said, somewhat irritated.
"I know, baby. I already told her several times that I don't want anything from her. But I think she got it now, don't you?" he says with a wink. "Or do you think we'll have to invite her to the wedding for her to really get it?"
They hadn’t seen Cas in a few days because he was very busy up in heaven, and Dean had been on edge all the time. He’d missed the angel instantly after he’d left and he always felt as if Cas took a part of Dean with him whenever he did so.
Cas was downstairs and out of the house in a matter of seconds, running towards his best friend's house, glad that it wasn't very far away.
“Love you too, Dean”, Cas replied and snuggled closer into his hunter.
“What about heaven, Dean?” he asked, uncertain. Dean looked at him questioningly.
Shit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas pressed a quick kiss to Dean's lips. "Hey, sweetheart. What's going in that beautiful head of yours?" he asked with a smile. Dean huffed and dropped his head to Cas' shoulder before answering him.
"I don't think that will be necessary," Cas remarks drily. "I guess I'm just not the only one who thinks you're irresistible."
“Uh-hu, bossy, aren’t we?” Dean asked, one eyebrow raised in amusement. Cas shot him a murderous glare and the hunter chuckled softly. He pushed Cas back against the tiled wall, lifting him up, and his lover quickly wrapped his legs around his waist and his arms around his neck.
"Well, I can't really say anything about that. I mean, sure, they're both objectively very attractive men, but you know that men in general just really don't do it for me", Charlie answered. "But they're cute together, that much is definitely true. Oh, I also accidentally told Kevin about the pregnancy thing", Charlie added, almost as an afterthought, biting her lip guiltily even though Jo couldn't see her.
If looks could kill, about half the people on the dancefloor would’ve probably dropped dead by now.
"Are you telling me you did not know that? They aren't exactly subtle about it." Kevin laughed at her dumbfounded expression.
Suddenly, he finds himself on his back with Dean sitting on his thighs, pinning his arms down with his hands on Cas' wrists. "Please, Cas. Say something. Anything. Or I'll tickle you", Dean threatens with an evil grin. Cas eyes widen comically.
(See the end of the chapter for
"C'mon, babe, we gotta go to bed before I fall asleep right here", Dean mumbled into the angel's shoulder, followed by a giant yawn. Cas agreed and started to drag Dean down the hall towards their room as he suddenly heard a low noise from the room they just left and came to an abrupt halt.
“Dean Winchester, you are a menace,” he growled, seeing red at the images Dean was putting in his head. He knew he wasn’t being rational, knew that Dean was way too loyal to cheat, knew that most of these people just couldn’t know that Dean was taken. And wasn’t that a thought? Dean with his ring on his finger, showing everyone that they couldn’t have him? But it was too early for that, they’d only been dating for little more that a year. He’d probably just push Dean away with such an idea.
He grabbed the styrofoam coffee cup from the counter, handing over some money, and turned to leave when he saw
"Uh, okay, Dean just came back so I will hand the phone over now", Cas managed to spit out hastily before thrusting the device in Dean's direction. "Your father", he hissed as Dean took it from him hesitantly. His husband's eyes widened in shock as he slowly lifted the phone to his ear.
Dean went over to the small table and pulled out the apple pie they'd bought at the gas station on their way to the motel. Sam opted for a sandwich instead.
Before Dean can come to a conclusion, though, he is startled by a pair of arms wrapping around his waist from behind. Lisa's eyes widen almost comically.
" The disappointment is heavy in her voice. He almost feels bad for her. Almost.
After a few minutes, Dean pulled the fingers out and Cas whimpered at the loss. The green eyed man coated his own dick with lube and positioned himself at the other’s stretched hole.
It was pretty obvious that Cas had never done something like this before, but he catched up quickly and opened his mouth almost immediately as Dean probed the seam of his lips with his tongue. They explored each other’s mouths with their tongues until the hunter had to break the kiss due to lack of oxygen. Cas made a little disappointed sound before looking up at Dean wide-eyed.
And fuck, but that definitely did the trick, as Cas finally abandoned his controlled motions and started pistoning into Dean in earnest, hitting his prostate on every other thrust in and making him see literal stars.
“Baby, I love you so much. I’m so glad to finally have you, here with me”, Dean whispered in between brief kisses. His thrusts started to become a little erratic and he forced himself to hold his rhythm and not thrust into Cas faster. He was close, and he moved one hand downwards to wrap around his angel’s cock, but Cas shook his head and grabbed his hand with his own.
"That was--way more amazing than I would've thought", Dean said with a sigh, snuggling even closer to Cas as the dark-haired man moved one arm to wrap around Dean as well.
"Oh, c'mon, you know you love me", Jo shot back and Charlie scoffed in response.
“That’s great, sweetheart. But I still want you to take me home and show me who I belong to. You game?”
Dean walked into the kitchen and found Cas putting away the stuff he needed for dinner, the pizza already in the oven filling the spacious room with it's delicious aroma. Dean stepped up to his husband and pressed a quick kiss to his temple, his arm sliding around the other man's waist as John entered the kitchen behind him.Cas immediately stepped forward to shake his hand. "Mr. Winchester. I'm Castiel. It's good to finally meet you," he said, managing to sound incredibly calm while also making it unmistakably clear that he won't take shit from anyone. "I've-- well, it'd be a lie to say I've heard so much about you, but Dean did tell me some things." Dean had to stifle a giggle as he saw his dad's slight wince at Cas' firm handshake."And it wasn't all good stuff, either, I guess?" John asked, obviously trying for lighthearted. Cas' expression remained stoic.
Dean sits up a little, mulling the words over in his head. Finally, he looks back down at Cas.
"Thank you for your concern, Charlie, but I'm fine. It's just never easy to deal with any of the Winchester boys", he explained with a fond smile. Charlie and Jo shared a quick, confused glance. That wasn't the answer they were expecting. What the hell did he mean by that?
“Well, okay then…I’m happy for you two”, Sam said, pouring himself a cup of coffee and settling down at the breakfast table. Dean kissed Cas again, licking into his mouth gently, and Sam threw them a bitch face – which they couldn’t see, of course, for their eyes being closed while they were completely lost in their kiss. Sam coughed.
"Hey, Cas", Dean replies, nevously. "Uh, I just wanted to tell ya--I mean, because of us, y'know? I want to tell them. I wanna tell my parents", Dean stutters out quickly. There's a long silence from the other side of the line.
“It’s ok, Cas. I mean, it’s kinda weird and all but I’ll get used to it eventually. So if you would like to use this term, we can do that”, he assured him.
The following weeks, Dean and Cas became even
"I get where you're coming from, Sammy, but I- I just choose to believe that we won't need to cope again, okay? I want to believe that this could be a good thing. I know I'd regret to pass this up. Cas and I have been looking into adoption or...or surrogacy lately and I-" This time he was interrupted by his brother and Cas couldn't keep the smile off his face at the younger Winchester's enthusiasm.
, mister!" she said warningly, pointing a finger at her older son. "You are
"Yes, but only if it wouldn't drain you too much. I was worried like hell the last time you did that."
"I love you, too, you dork."
“No, he hasn’t.”
"Jealous much?" he asks, grinning down at Cas before bending to press a quick kiss to his cheek. Cas wraps his arms around him again, looking up at him innocently.
"I just had this feeling that you would, today," Cas said with a smile, leaning over for a pie-flavored kiss. They enjoyed the rest of their pie in silence, setting the plates on the coffee table when they were done. Dean turned to him with an impish look in his beautiful green eyes.
Charlie what the heck should I do now? Please, you gotta help me! It's not like I can tell him, I mean--"
“You gotta speak a little louder, Cas, I’ve got no clue of what the hell you just said.” Cas looked up and locked his gaze with Dean’s and then he repeated himself, very loud and clearly and so that Dean won’t be able to misunderstand him.
?" the voice questioned, stunned. God, was this guy deaf or something?
He startled as Cas suddenly appeared in the hallway, still not entirely used to angel transport, and came to a stumbling halt in front of the angel.
Now, they were heavily making out, clothes hitting the floor piece by piece until they were both naked, Dean on top of the blue-eyed angel, straddling his hips while he sucked hickeys into the skin of Cas' neck.
“Dean, please, move”, Cas whispered as he broke the kiss reluctantly. He wrapped his legs around his lover’s waist and his arms around his neck as Dean began to pull out slowly and then pushed back in just as slow. He braced his forearms left and right of Cas’ head and gazed into his deep blue eyes while he made love to him achingly gentle and slow. He loved this, the eye-contact during their love-making; it reminded him of their first time, so many months ago.
obsessed with each other, and could constantly be found in some sort of intimate position.
“Mornin’ Babe”, he whispered against Cas’ lips and wrapped his arms tighter around his slim waist, pulling him closer.
Still confused as to who Cas could be talking to, Dean walked out of the bathroom and  stepped into the hallway, not bothering with getting dressed first. Not like he had anything Cas hadn't seen before.
"That's stupid, angel. Until now, I never even noticed that you've never done this before. And apart from that, you should really know that this isn't just about the sex. I've always had feelings for you. Besides, I feel rather flattered that I'm going to be your first. And hopefully, also your last. And I promise I'll be gentle with you, okay?" Dean said, trying to reassure the blue-eyed man beneath him.
but then he decided that it was a rather nice feeling and even let out a small moan when Dean massaged his scalp gently.
Shortly after, Dean broke the kiss, panting harshly, as his back arched sharply and he came in hot, wet pulses deep inside his angel. Cas came only seconds behind, thrown over the edge by the feeling of hot come filling him up and the way his name fell from his lover's lips. He called Dean's name loudly as he shuddered and gasped on top of him.
"And before you say anything, no, I didn't go easy on him, okay? I told him in no uncertain terms that I won't hesitate to kick him to the curb if he said just one shitty thing about me or Cas or our life in general and I made it very clear that he'll have a shit ton of work to do before we'll think about forgiving him. But you know how badly I've always wished for a good father-son relationship and I really wanna give it a shot, okay? I know that Cas will always have my back, but your support would mean a lot to me, so please just- think about it?" He finally let himself take a deep, shuddering breath after he'd gotten it all out there. Cas and Sam hadn't tried to get in a word during Dean's speech, both knowing very well that he would lose his nerve and needed to get it out all at once.
. He just told
He wouldn't have thought that it'd be that good, to be honest. He'd doubted that he'd enjoy this at all, but the way the stimulation of his prostate made him see stars really was a pretty amazing sensation, as well as the feeling of being filled by his lover. Nonetheless, he knew that he wouldn't be comfortable on his back yet. Even if he trusted Cas with all his heart, he was sure that he couldn't give up control so completely. At some later point, maybe. But not right at this moment.
“Harry Potter?”
"He didn't freak out about it?" Cas asked. He sounded surprised, unsurprisingly. Dean hadn't exactly kept his opinions on John to himself in the past and he had more than once mentioned his father's view on...well, lots of things, one of them being homosexuality.
Tbh, I've considered not to post the sex scene in this chapter, because I wasn't sure if there's not a little too much smut in this series. Anyways, there's smut in this chapter and in the next one too, but then there'll actually be one without sex but with Charlie instead.
Dean Winchester was dangerously close to a panic attack right at that moment.
Humans weren’t able to see every angel’s wings. Dean knew that roughly one third of the students at their school were angels, but he only knew it because Cas had told him once. Angels were able to see the wings of all the other angels they met. Dean guessed that he could see the wings of about thirty percent of the angel students. He just assumed that humans were only able to see them if the angel allowed it.
“Are they both in there?” he asked his boyfriend while walking up to the front door.
“So, I take it you two finally got your shit together?” Kevin smirked.
"Don't you
Dean made good on his promise to be gentle. He went really slow, always kissing Cas and keeping his touches soft and reassuring. He hadn't lied, he really felt awed that he was going to be the first one to do this with Cas.
Just a few nights ago, after a day spend researching adoption and surrogacy, he'd confessed that he couldn't bear the thought of their future children never getting to know either of their grandparents on his side. Even though Cas' parents welcomed Dean into their family with open arms, called him their son, too, he could understand that Dean envied him and wished for a similar relationship with his own father.
"I talked to Mrs Harvelle and Mrs Bradbury today, in the breakroom", Castiel said conversationally, as he and Dean lay in bed that night, the post-orgasmic haze slowly starting to fade. He was lying on his back, Dean pressed to his side with his head resting on Cas' shoulder and one hand splayed possessively over his not-yet noticeable stomach.
“I like women, so you really don’t have to worry that I’ll steal Dean from you”, she winked. An expression of understanding crossed Cas’ face.
"I can't wait to see their faces when they see you", Dean said happily. "That's gonna be so funny."
“Mornin’ Angel”, he said as he broke the kiss.
"Peachy, thanks", she answered. Then, "hey, how would you describe Dr. Novak's and Dr. Winchester's relationship?" she inquired, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible.
Framed pictures were scattered all over the walls, of the two of them alone and with Sam and Jess or Charlie and Garth and the rest of the gang. He'd even managed to take a few photos of Ellen and Bobby and Jo without one of them holding a hand in front of their face or turning away from the camera like they were prone to do. He caught John staring intently at a large picture of him and Cas at their wedding, Cas looking absolutely stunning in a black tux and both of them smiling way too big to really kiss but trying their damnest anyway.
"Yeah, our lips are sealed", Jo agreed with a solemn nod. "See you around, Doctor."
They were halfway through when Kevin entered the kitchen, still in his pajamas and looking more asleep than awake.
“Yeah, Cas, fuck, make me yours, wanna be yours!” Dean gasped. “Gonna go back wearing a fucking crop-top, let them see the bruises you left all over me—”
“Dean, please”, Cas groaned, hips thrusting upwards, his new erection sliding against Dean’s. They both moaned at the feeling and they thrust against each other a few more times before Dean pulled away and sat up. He grabbed the lube and squirted some into his palm, spreading it across his rock hard cock and hissing at the coolness of it. He then pushed three fingers into Cas’ orgasm-loose hole again and scissored them apart, checking his readiness. The angel moved his hips against his fingers, eyes halfway closed and gasping quietly.
…” Cas moaned softly as he bottomed out. Dean stayed still for a few moments, letting Cas adjust, and kissed him again, pouring all his love and affection into the sweet kiss he gave his boyfriend.
That evening, Charlie called Jo to tell her friend about the day's new findings. She still couldn't believe that seemingly everyone apart from them knew about Dr. Winchester and Dr. Novak being married. And she had always thought of herself as quite clever. Oh well.
"It isn't a dream, Dean, I'm sure. And I can't believe it either. It's so great to see you again", Cas beamed.
The textbook falls to the floor, forgotten, as they roll around on the bed, desperate to get out of their clothes.
He was still shaking through the aftershocks of a mind-blowing orgasm when he suddenly found himself on his back, Dean on top of him now. He gazed into those green eyes dazedly, body relaxed and pliant now that his high had faded. Head a little clearer, he realized that Dean was still hard and throbbing inside him, but he wasn't moving anymore. Knowing what his husband was waiting for, Cas used the last of his strength to wrap his legs around Dean's waist and reached down to cup the other man's ass cheeks, pulling him even deeper.
“I’m glad”, the dark haired angel said before pulling Dean down for another kiss.
are beautiful, Babe,” Dean whispered and then he moaned as Cas just hummed and rocked his hips a little harder. His wings were trembling with pleasure, as well as the rest of his body. Dean reached out towards the right wing with his hand, but stopped shortly before he actually touched it. He looked at his boyfriend questioningly. Cas nodded frantically and Dean buried his hand in the soft feathers, stroking across the wing in awe.
I'm sorry, this took longer than I expected. But now it's here so...I hope you'll like it!
, Dean concluded in his mind.
"Wow, did the sleeping beauties finally decide to join the world of the living?" he asked sarcastically. Dean threw him a bitchface.
he asked, arms crossed in front of his chest in annoyance. Dean turned and started to walk down the hall.
Cas glared at her, and Dean really feared that he’d smite Charlie right then and there.
“No, not necessarily. You can also see them if an angel is only sexually interested in you”, Cas explained calmly. Dean raised an eyebrow and chuckled.
Christmas parties and stuff and everyone's always there to suck up to the big guys, like Adler. Dean shudders at the mere thought of the smarmy bastard. Yes, they aren't exactly keen on PDA at corporate functions, but Dean knows that he's no good at keeping his hands off his man for a prolonged amount of time so they've got to be pretty obvious anyways.
Cas’ eyes went incredibly wide at that and he practically attacked Dean’s lips with his own as he kissed him fiercely.
Obviously, Ash hurried up as much as he could, and they were all seated at the bar forty-five minutes later.
"Yes. Yes, Dean, I love you", he confirms, trying to keep his voice steady. He's sure Dean can
“You sure ‘bout this?” he asked caringly. The angel nodded without even a second of hesitation. Dean chuckled at his eagerness and squeezed an adequate amount of lube onto his fingers. He kissed the blue-eyed man again while reaching down and circling his tight hole with one lubed-up finger. Cas’ breath hitched when Dean’s digit breached the ring of muscle and slid in to the first knuckle. Dean paused, letting him adjust to the feeling, before sliding the finger in deeper. When Cas started writhing underneath him, Dean gently pushed in a second finger and began to move them in and out of the angel carefully, scissoring them apart. Cas moaned loudly and soon fucked himself back onto Dean’s fingers, trying to force them even deeper. The hunter added a third finger and Cas groaned in pleasure.
For a split second, Dean could detect hurt and utter confusion in Cas' eyes, but it was gone quickly and the angel tried to untangle himself from Dean to shower alone. Dean tightened his arms around his waist and didn't let him go.
too hot today. He just had a three-hour business meeting at the office after his day would have normally ended and he'd nearly died from the heat in his dark suit. On top of that, the AC had stopped working after roughly the first five minutes of the meeting.
“And how exactly should that work? We’d have to die to go into heaven – and I’m not even sure if all of us would manage that”, Dean voiced his thoughts. Cas shook his head gently.
"I'm afraid that's true. I'm really sorry."
They sat together a little longer, Mary asking tons of questions about their relationship and stuff. Eventually, they decided that they had to go back to earth; Sam and Kevin were surely wondering where they were. They said goodbye with the promise of seeing each other again at the wedding before Cas took Dean’s hand and zapped them back to their room in the bunker.
Castiel had never really considered himself the jealous type, but the way they were staring at his boyfriend had him dig his nails into his palm so hard he was at risk of drawing blood. He’d never really enjoyed clubs like this, and dancing certainly wasn’t his strong forte, so he stood at the bar with a drink while Dean was on the dancefloor and – well, he couldn’t really begrudge the other clubgoers for their appreciative stares. Dean
Cas whimpered and bucked his hips when Dean pulled the fingers out, the blissful pleasure suddenly gone. Dean moved Cas’ legs so they were draped over his shoulders, his ass lifted off the mattress. He gripped the angel’s hips and swiped his tongue over the loosened entrance. Cas keened and gripped the sheets tight, his knuckles turning white. Dean then pushed his tongue in as deep as possible, plunging it in and out of Cas’ hole. The angel stifled a scream when he sealed his lips around the opening and sucked greedily.
I will TRY to update sooner next time, it's just that I'm kinda addicted to HSAU at the moment and I  often can't find inspiration for this one :/
“Well, you already know that I love you and…and that I’d love for us to be together for the rest of my life…and I think that you’re the most beautiful, amazing being in the whole universe and I was wondering lately…” he realized he was rattling his little speech down way too fast and took a deep breath before he continued and bought the ring into Cas’ line of vision. “Will you marry me, Castiel?”
"Castiel?!" his parents exclaimed simultaneously.
"Are your parents even awake yet? It's barely seven am."
As he watched, another man came up to Dean from behind, clearly meaning to put his paws were they certainly didn’t belong, and Castiel
"And what do you want me to say now, huh? You fucked up. Badly. You may be saying that you're sorry but I can't just take your word for it and forgive you for all that shit you dragged us through", he said, trying to keep his voice cold so his dad would understand that just an apology over the goddamn phone wasn't going to cut it.
"Yup. As it turned out, we both never came over the other and now that we finally found each other again, we don't wanna lose any more time. Cas even moved in with me already", Dean said proudly, gazing at his boyfriend lovingly.
Dean felt exposed and split open and fucking fantastic, hands scrabbling at Cas’ back for something to hold onto as he urged him to just fucking move already,
"No, Dean", Cas refuses again.
Ash was staring at his laptop intently and didn't even realize his visitors until Dean stood directly in front of him.
Also, thanks for sticking around still, I know I haven't been the most reliable writer, considering my late updates and stuff. Sorry for that again!
“Yes, Dean, I would like for us to be boyfriends. I love you”, Cas said, eyes bright with love and happiness.
“Charlie…would you just let me finish my sentence now?” Dean asked. “What I’d wanted to say is that I’m in a relationship…with Cas.” Charlie stared at him and than at Cas wide-eyed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why should I believe that that's not just some cruel joke, huh? I don't trust you, you know? Why should you do this for us?"
Dean is bored out of his mind.
, what - " he started, but Dean shut him up with a deep kiss. The kiss also distracted him efficiently from the slight pain and discomfort he felt with his hole stretched so wide in order to accommodate Cas' thick cock.
"Okay, okay, I'll do it! Stop! Please, Dean, stop it!!" The tickling immediately ceases and Dean stares down at him expectantly. Cas racks his brain for something to say with his limited vocabular. Suddenly, he has an idea. He's never had the guts to tell Dean, but like this, he wouldn't know, right? He could say whatever he wanted to say and Dean would be none the wiser. So he takes a deep breath, looks Dean square in the eye and says,
"Yeah, whatever. I'm exhausted", Dean answered, half-asleep already. Cas just smiled and closed his eyes as well, softly carding through Dean's hair with his fingers. Barely two minutes later, the hunter was fast asleep and Cas let himself drift into unconsciousness, too.
"No."
“Is it because of that woman?” he asked, a slight hint of surprise in his voice. Cas managed a small nod. Dean grabbed his face tenderly and made him look into his eyes.
"What!? You knew, too? You're like, the fifth person I asked in the past half hour and
"It's actually pretty close to yours, only a fifteen minutes drive, I guess", Cas answered sleepily. "Speaking of which", he added, glancing at the alarm clock on the nighstand, "I should be there to sign the contract in half an hour." He groaned, not wanting to get up and out of Dean's arms at all.
When Cas came home from work the next day, he found his husband sitting on the couch in the living room, elbows on his knees and fidgeting with his phone in his hands. He set his things down onto the kitchen island, quickly took off his trench coat and shoes and joined Dean in the living room. He sat down next to him and, when Dean kept staring into empty space and failed to even acknowledge Cas beside him, gently placed his own hand on top of Dean's, stilling their nervous movements. Slowly, Dean seemed to come back from wherever his mind had wandered off to and turned his head to look at his husband.
And that’s how they all ended up in the living room, watching movies until three in the morning, when none of the humans could hold their eyes open any more.
He loved everything about Dean and he was so, so happy to finally have him that his eyes were glowing with it, full of love and happiness. He used his hands in his hunter’s neck to pull him down into another kiss that left them both slightly out of breath.
"Still, I'd like us to move forward and not get caught up with accusations from the past. That won't get us anywhere in the long run. I've told Sam to be here at 6:30 p.m. so we'd have some time to cover the bases and I suggest we do that now, okay? So, question time. Dad?" God, John had been there for all of five minutes and Dean was already craving a beer, even though it went much better than expected so far. He felt like he was walking on eggshells with everything he said and did. He tried to tell himself that this was his house, his decision, his life. He called all the shots and the reminder took the edge off somewhat, but he still felt uneasy as he leaned against the counter across from his father and basically melted into the comfort the familiar feel of Cas' arm slung low around his hips provided.
“Hey Cas, don’t you have to go back to heaven?” Sam asked eventually, twisting in his seat to look at the angel.
, he repeated to himself several times. Still, his hands were shaking as he picked up the bottle of lube they kept in the bathroom. He lubed up his fingers and reached behind himself, slowly inserting one finger into his own hole. His other hand white-knuckled the edge of the counter as he fucked his finger in and out of his entrance, adding a second as soon as possible. The third finger followed soon, since Dean tried to prep himself as quick as possible without hurting himself because he wouldn't have Cas waiting too long. He knew that he himself wouldn't be able to lie there on the bed patiently for long.
Once, they were just having a lazy day, hanging out at the bunker and watching movies and stuff, when someone knocked at the bunker’s door. They put the film on pause and looked at each other questioningly, silently asking themselves who could possibly be visiting them. Dean got up and grabbed his gun, just in case, and made his way to the door. The others followed him quickly.
Thanks for reading, please let me know what you thought!
"Dean, what's up with you today? You seem pretty tense", he asks, as anticipated, while they're eating their pasta.
The man stood up and walked over to their table. He’d just opened his mouth to throw some more insults at Dean and Cas, but Sam was faster. He stood up and punched the guy straight in the face. He just wasn’t able to hear one more of his stupid insults, even if they weren’t directed at Sam himself. The man fell on the ground, covering his broken, bleeding nose with his hands.
"My husband. Dean Winchester. I assume he is the one you tried to reach, am I right?" he answered, slightly exasperated. "Also, I believe you didn't tell me who you are, yet."
"Well, then..." he says as he slowly lets one hand wander towards Cas' stomach. As soon as he starts wriggling his fingers, Cas is squirming and gasping beneath him.
finished licking my come from that delicious hole of yours, why the fuck are you talking about our interns right now?" Dean said crudely, grimacing in distaste. Cas chuckled, poking Dean in the ribs in a sort of teasing reprimand.
The next moment, Dean found himself on the bed in their room. His head spun a little from being transported, but he was quickly distracted by the beautiful being riding him slowly. Now, he had plenty of space and he sat up and folded his legs so his ankles were crossed behind the small of his lover’s back. Cas crossed his legs behind Dean as well and wrapped his arms around the hunter’s neck, panting breaths hitting Dean’s skin.
"And how exactly do you plan us coming to your wedding, idjit?" Bobby asked gruffly after they'd all settled down again.
"I...I just couldn't do it. I always wanted you, Dean. I just--I never even felt the desire to sleep with anyone else."
I don't get how we could be so blind. Even Andy Gallagher knew, and he's always the last one to catch up on such things!" Charlie ranted on. She'd been questioning her intelligence over the phone for approximately the past ten minutes.
Dean came just seconds after him, his climax triggered by the tight heat clenching around him and he filled his angel up with his come. Afterwards, he let himself fall backwards on top of the sheets and he dragged Cas down with him gently. He pulled out of him and they snuggled against each other before drifting off into sated sleep. Cas just had enough energy to mojo the blankets on top of them, then he fell asleep as well.
They got interrupted by someone coughing violently. Dean pulled away and looked past Cas with an innocent expression on his face. Kevin was coughing his lungs out, he’d choked on a piece of bacon as he’d noticed them making out at the kitchen table. His face started to turn blue and Cas reached over and touched his forehead. Kevin glared. It seemed to be his standard expression today. Dean chuckled and wrapped his arms more tightly around his lover’s waist.
The words made Cas’s breath catch as he felt himself fall even more in love with the other man. Dean really wasn’t the best at expressing his feelings verbally so this meant a lot to him. He smiled, wide and gummy, pressing another quick kiss to Dean’s plush lips before responding. “I know, Dean. I know I don’t have any reason to worry with you,” he said truthfully, and Dean’s impish expression from earlier returned suddenly.
Cas had known that he's in love with Dean for years. He just never said anything because he was sure that Dean was straight and he didn't want to ruin their friendship. But now Dean told him he loved him, too. That changed just about
In the end, Dean was just in the process of pulling one of his nicer flannels over his plain black t-shirt when the doorbell rang at 5.56 p.m. Punctual, that was a plus in Dean's book at least. He hurried from their bedroom to the front door and took a deep breath before pulling the door open.
Sam, Dean and Kevin – and Cas, since he’d decided to rather stay with Dean (and the others,
Eventually, Cas stirred in his arms, blinking his blue eyes open slowly. He was greeted with a kiss, and he could feel Dean smiling into it. They broke apart and they were both smiling like the idjits in love that they were.
“Fuck, Cas- Cas, you gotta-- gotta stop, I’m too fucking close already,” he managed, slumping back into the mattress when Cas obeyed and pulled his mouth away from his cock with one last flick of his tongue against the leaking head.
"Really?! That's so great, dude! I told you about my father's friend Bobby, right? He owns a garage just a few minutes from here. That's were I work."
"Fuck, D-dean, I'm so c-close", he moaned, burying his face in the crook of the other's neck. In response, Dean's thrusts got just a little bit harder and he lifted his head off the bed to kiss and nibble at Cas' neck, sucking a hickey right onto his clavicle.
sounds out of the blue eyed man.
No, that would be the fact that Cas was in the same bed as Dean, and that they were not - like Sam had been expecting - lying as far away from each other as possible. Instead, Cas was curled up against Dean's chest, head tucked under the hunter's chin and their arms wrapped around each other's waists. The ex-angel obviously was already fast asleep.
Dean and Cas meet again six years after Cas had to leave...
“What’s up, Dean? Are you ill or something? Normally you’d hit on every pretty girl you see.”
The next morning, Dean woke up first and he gazed at his boyfriend, no,
They broke apart after several minutes, out of breath, only because of someone clearing their throat right beside them. Dean let go of Cas and turned towards the cause of the interruption.
"Okay", Cas said, smiling shyly and glancing up at Dean through his lashes, which Dean found incredibly adorable. Wait.
Dean slowly lifted the hand with the phone to his ear.
"Well, I'm afraid this really can't wait 'til then, Bobby", Dean started slowly. "Ok so...you all know Cas right? I -"
Dean opened the door and hopped down the stairs, immediately starting to look for his fiancé. He found Cas reading in their bedroom and he quickly joined him on the bed and kissed him fiercely.
"He wants to meet you", Dean said, still sounding a little stunned by recent events.
One by one, the other four came back to themselves and congratulated them, too.
Half an hour later, the two of them were back on the road for the first time in weeks and Dean was reminded of the good old times, when it would be just him and his brother against all those evil sons of bitches killing innocent people.
“Hey guys, I know I said I’m happy for you and all, but could you please keep the PDA down a little when I’m around?” he complained. Dean and Cas ended their make-out session and looked at him with an annoyed look on both their faces.
"I do want this, Dean. I just thought I should tell you...well, uh, that I'm still... y'know, a virgin", Cas admitted, blushing furiously and averting his gaze. Dean stared down at him, dumbfounded.
Directly behind him stood a man with incredibly blue eyes. Eyes that Dean had never forgotten since he last saw them six years ago, couldn't have forgotten if he'd wanted to. He went wide-eyed and slack-jawed, the coffee falling to the floor, but he couldn't care less.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a minute, Cas pulled his finger back out and poured a generous amount of lube onto his hand, both of them waiting impatiently for it to warm up. As soon as Cas deemed the temperature acceptable, he pushed back in, this time with two fingers, and Dean pressed his head back into the pillows as he moaned unabashedly. Cas immediately zeroed in on his prostate, by now perfectly aware of its location, and proceeded to turn Dean into a stuttering, sweaty mess. The electric sensation of having his prostate stimulated had his toes curling and eyes rolling back into his head in no time, and he barely even noticed the addition of a third finger.
"Dean. Bedroom", Cas managed to gasp out before Dean's lips were on his again. Dean grabbed the back of his thighs firmly and Cas got the hint, jumping and wrapping his legs around Dean's waist and his arms around his neck. Dean carried him upstairs and into his bedroom, never breaking their kiss, and Cas was quite impressed by the display of strength. Dean let him fall onto the large bed and allowed himself to be pulled down by Cas as well. He landed on top of him and they continued kissing heatedly as Dean let his hands wander to Cas' hips, gripping them tight.
That was most definitely
Dean startled when Sam suddenly stood behind him in the mirror; he hadn't even heard him entering the room.
, his dick spurting come into the nearly non-existent space between their abdomens. He shuddered with overstimulation as Dean continued hitting his prostate on every thrust and his muscles fluttered and clenched around Dean’s cock, massaging him, and he too couldn’t take it anymore. He buried himself inside his lover as deep as possible and came with a strangled cry of Cas’ name, filling the angel up with his come. He easily counted this one as the best orgasm of his life, every sensation heightened by the pure love and happiness he felt at that moment.
A few weeks later the three of them were at a diner and discussed the vamp hunt they were currently on. Admittedly, there hadn’t been too much discussing at all, since their waitress had been hitting on Cas the whole time and at some point Dean had felt the strong need to show her that he’s
When there was no answer from his angel, Dean threw a worried glance at his brother, who stood at Cas’ other side. With a sigh, Dean picked the unconscious angel up in his arms and carried him to his bed, where he carefully laid him down on the blankets. Then he inspected the angel for injuries, but couldn’t find any.
“What is it, Sam?” he asked wearily.
nice dream of Dean with a raging hard-on. He turned around to face his fiancé, who was waking up slowly, too. He leaned in for a good morning kiss and then started to trail kisses down Dean's neck.
“No Dean. I want to come just like this, without one of us touching me. Just like our first time”, he said, his blue gaze locked firmly onto green. “I’m close Dean, so close”, he moaned softly.
"Oh, c'mon, Cas. I couldn't even tell the difference 'cause I dunno how a native would say it, so..."
“I love you too, Dean”, he replied softly, a single tear running down his cheek. Dean let go of one of his hands and wiped it away, before clasping their hands together once more and starting to thrust into Cas gently again.
"You were right. Guess I wouldn't mind switching now and then in the future."
“No. Charlie, he hasn’t seen
"Good idea, I'm really hungry right now", he answered and untangled himself from Cas' arms to get off the bed. They got dressed in boxers and t-shirts quickly and made their way into the kitchen, hand-in-hand.
He awoke barely an hour later to soft kisses being pressed into the smooth skin of his back and neck. He still felt overheated and now he was also grumpy, like always when he'd just woken up.
"Cas!" he squeaked, scandalized, glaring at the angel. "What the fuck, man?!" Upon noticing his mom, the traitor, giggling maniacally, he turned the glare onto her instead, before turning and walking off into the direction of their bedroom. "You comin'?" he called over his shoulder, not pausing to wait for the two of them.
"Cas, babe, that's ridiculous."
“We’re going to explain all of this to you and dad. Can we come in?” Dean promised her quickly, and Mary stepped aside to let the two men enter the house. It was exactly like Dean remembered it. On the couch in the living room sat his father, reading a book.
Okay, so this was originally meant to be a oneshot but I'm weaaak so it seems that I'll keep adding to it as long as people are interested in more. Also, yay to me for only taking half a year instead of two and a half to update this time lmao
He slammed his head back into the door when Cas started sucking and biting at his nipple while his hand cupped Dean’s cock through his jeans. “Bedroom,” he managed to gasp out breathlessly, then “Cas, sweetheart, please,” when his first plea went ignored. Don’t get him wrong, he was definitely into everything that was happening right now but he didn’t know how much longer his legs would be able to hold him if Cas kept this up.
“Yeah, well, but I haven’t been watching porn last night. I was with Cas, ok!?” he explained, irritated by his brother’s dumbness. Sam just rolled his eyes and got up with an exasperated huff.
“What do you mean, you
With the last of his strength, Dean managed to pull out of Cas and flop onto the bed beside him, rather than collapsing on top of his lover. They were both still panting, trying to control their breathing. Dean turned his head to look at Cas. The angel stared right back and Dean gave him a small smile, then he rolled out of bed with a groan to retrieve the blanket from the ground, where it had landed at some point during the last hours.
"I...haven't told anyone at the hospital yet, so I'm asking you to keep this to yourselves, okay?" The two women nodded, confused. "Dean isn't giving me trouble. I've just been feeling a little sick lately - "
"That sounds wonderful. I can't wait to see you."
And that was how they had to explain everything for the second time that day.
"Well, I don't know 'bout the others, but the two of us certainly had no fuckin' clue", Jo said, still a little shell-shocked. Charlie nodded vigorously in agreement.
“And?” Cas asked drowsily, and it was clear that he was more than halfway asleep, too, or he’d already caught on by now. Well, seemed like Dean would have to some more talking for once.
"Uh, no. Not yet...", Dean said, and explained everything to Ash as quick as possible. "So, could you bring Ellen, Jo, Bobby and Pamela to your heaven? We have something to tell ya", Dean said with a small smile at his angel.
when the angel leaned down and kissed him passionately.
"Oh f-fuck, Dean!" he moaned, clenching down around the cube and feeling it shift deep inside him.
Dean was almost painfully hard by now, but he wanted to make this last, make it special for Cas. He ran his hands all over his angel’s lean body while kissing down his chest, mapping out every inch of skin he could reach.
The rest of the drive was torture for Dean. He was painfully hard and he wanted desperately to make love to his angel right then and there. He just hoped Sam wouldn’t notice his current state, because
Dean can't help the automatic urge to steel himself for some not-so-nice words from John, but who can blame him? He never got to expect something else. So he waits with bated breath for him to say something, anything, and when he opens his mouth eventually, it's to say, "You look...happy." It's more of a casual observation than anything else, but that's better than what Dean was preparing for, so he just smiles up at the picture as he answers his father.
After their confessions, it didn’t took Cas long to archive orgasm for the second time, and he came with a long, high-pitched moan of
They sat there and talked and talked and talked, until the place closed and they had to leave. Outside, they stood beside Dean's car and Cas complimented him for her beauty. She looked just as perfect as he rememered her. Dean was happy that Cas still liked her, after all, Baby still was his pride and joy.
More smut, and Sam and Kevin find out.
"Dean, it's barely afternoon."
"No. He didn't. I dunno, he sounded like a wholly different man than the John Winchester I knew. He told me he was in rehab for the past two years, that he finally realized how much he missed his family and that he had to do something to get us back. Appearantly, this isn't big enough to throw him off again after everything he's been through for this", Dean told Cas, still a bit dazed, his thumbs rubbing circles into Cas' hipbones without him consciously noticing. "I guess I haven't really processed all this yet. I mean, it's been ten years. I was nearly convinced he either didn't give a rat's ass about us, or he was dead. But he wants to meet us, and Sammy, soon. Cas, I really hope this'll work out. Now that the prospect is there, I realize that I really want him back in our lifes. I know he's fucked up in the past, but he's still my dad. You can understand that, right?"
you to give me another chance. Just one. I won't disappoint you. I'll give my fuckin' best to be a real father to you and Sammy. Just please, please, let me see you again and let me try to convince you that I changed. You don't even have to decide right now. I can wait. You have my number now, you can think it through and give me a call, take all the time you need. I made you wait ten years, I'll survive a few days of waiting. Just...
So I just noticed that it's been nearly two and a half years since I posted Chapter One :o where'd all that time go?!
"Oh. Yeah, sure, Charlie, I won't tell anyone. No problem", Kevin said, a grin growing on his face. "I'm so happy for them, though! They make a great couple, in my opinion."
Dean muffled Cas’ pleasure-filled cries by kissing him sloppily. He picked up his pace a little bit and the angel tightened around him, making his hips stutter.
"No", came the sleepy reply. Cas leaned back to look into his face, confusion clearly showing in his features.
“Good morning, Dean”, Cas replied sleepily. They stayed in bed a little longer after that, wrapped up in each other and reveling in the warmth under the blanket.
"Okay. It's about dad, y'know? I'm just nervous about telling him something he won't be happy about."
“It’s ok, Cas, it’s ok. I can understand how you must’ve felt”, he said and took Cas’ hand in his own. “What do you say, shall we go back in and finish those beers now?” he asked, grinning. The angel nodded and followed his boyfriend back into the bar. They settled down at their table and drank their beers in comfortable silence. Shortly after, Sam came back to them, the girl who’d thrown herself at Dean earlier by his side. Cas tensed up a little as he saw her, and Dean wrapped his arm more firmly around his waist and pulled him closer. He relaxed again, but he was still glaring at the girl.
"Yeah, I get it. Family's always been your number one priority. And it's not like I haven't been hoping, too. So, what'd you tell him?" Dean breathed a sigh of relief at his brother's words before answering his question.
It was lunch time and he was sitting in the cafeteria with his friends Cas, Charlie, Kevin, Jo and Ash. Charlie and Ash were nerding on and on about some computer stuff that Dean wouldn't even try to understand, Kevin had his nose buried in his history textbook, studying as usual, and Cas and Jo were just talking and joking around.
“Good mornin’, Sleeping Beauty!” Dean teased and Cas and Kevin both glared at him. “What? I’m just teasing”, he said defensively, mostly to his pouting boyfriend beside him. Cas gaze softened, Sam grinned like an idiot and Kevin was just confused and sleepy.
"Uh, I'm not sure what you're asking here. I mean, they're married, obviously", Kevin said hesitantly, frowning up at the redhead. Charlie's eyes went wide in shock.
After his talk with Cas, Dean goes downstairs and finds his mother in the kitchen, cooking. He presses a kiss to her cheek in greeting and hops onto the counter
"Hey, Dean", she says with her most beautiful smile, looking up at him through long, dark eyelashes. Dean knows that she's flirting with him. He also knows that it's not just, like,
, too." She sighed dreamily and Charlie giggled on the other side of the line.
this??) and sank down onto him in one swift motion.
They stayed like this in the shower until they’d both come down from their high. Dean captured his angel’s lips in a sensuous kiss before slipping out of him and Cas dropped his legs from his waist. As soon as he was standing, his knees gave out a little and Dean held him upright with his arms wrapped around Cas’ waist until he was steady. Then he turned off the water and stepped out of the shower, grabbing a towel and drying himself off.
Finally, when Cas would be completely relaxed and very, very, aroused, Dean would reach into the bedside drawer and pick up the lube. He’d take his time preparing his lover, carefully, until he could easily use four fingers, making sure he wouldn’t feel any pain. Then he would strip off his clothes as well, prepare himself and settling his body down upon his angel’s and slowly seating himself inside of him. They’d make love passionate, sensuous, slow, until they’d both find their release simultaneously, gasping each other’s names.
"I have to admit, I wasn't much better off. I did just about everything to keep myself distracted all these years. I still haven't  forgiven my parents entirely for taking me away from Dean", Cas said, squeezing Dean's hand empathetically. Dean blinked, trying hard to hold back tears. He was overwhelmed by the way his life changed so drastically since his and Cas reunion. Over the last six years, he had pretty much lost the hope for ever being happy. But now, he was so damn happy he could cry.
They went out of their room and down the hall to Sam’s, and when Dean knocked, the door immediately burst open and they were greeted with a major bitch face.
"Definitely...not", he gasped out in response, tugging at Dean's hair to get him to look at him again. "I'm gonna ride you so hard you'll see stars", he added, growling the words right into Dean's ear before pushing him back on the bed so he was lying on his back.
“I’m so happy for you! Congratulations!” Sam said excitedly.
“You – you are attracted to me?” he asked, incredulous. This had to be the best day of his life. Cas turned his gaze away from him, but Dean shuffled closer on the bed and gripped his chin gently to turn his head back to him.
He just fucked up everything. He'd lose his best friend. He'd lose his best friend just because he was dumb enough to tap onto the name above the one that he'd wanted to call. Shit, why did Cas have to be right next to Charlie in the alphabet? And then he had been so desperate to get it all out that he hadn't even noticed that the voice who had anwered his call hadn't been Charlie's. Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid. Dean just wanted to slam his head into the wall,
As soon as he noticed, he forcefully pried his gaze away from Cas. Or rather, Cas’ wings. They were beautiful, jet black with a few dark blue feathers shimmering through. Dean tried very hard to listen to the teacher and stop staring at his best friend, dammit.
It was nearly midnight and the Winchester brothers along with a newly-human Castiel had just finished a vamp hunt near a small town in the middle of nowhere. All three of them were extremely tired and in desperate need of a shower. At least, their injuries were limited to minor bruises and cuts, nothing that was worth worrying about.
Dean pulled off of his erection with a soft ‘pop’ and leaned up to kiss him again, deep and passionate. Cas moaned into his mouth as he tasted himself there. His moans got louder as his lover pushed in a second finger alongside the first and scissored them inside of him. Cas started to rock his hips into Dean’s thrusts slightly, and he added a third digit, stretching him wider while still kissing him softly.
"No", Dean grumbled, throwing one last look at his reflection before stomping out of the room, leaving Sam to follow him as he made his way to the guests in the library.
Dean stood in front of the full length mirror in his and Cas' room in the bunker, fiddling with his tie nervously. Cas was already gone, picking up the guests for their wedding at their respective heavens and bringing them to the wedding location. The other guests had by now all arrived at the bunker and waited in the library.
"Please, Dean, move", he whispered against his lips as he broke the kiss. Dean complied happily, starting with slow, shallow thrust and gradually building up a gentle rhythm. He grabbed Cas' hands that were now clutching the sheets beside him, and intertwined their fingers, pressing their joined hands into the pillows above Cas' head.
Obviously, Cas wings were very sensitive, because he started shivering uncontrollably, his hips jerking, as soon as Dean had both hands on them, pulling at the feathers lightly and using them as leverage to pull Cas down into every thrust. The angel had his head places onto Dean’s shoulder, pressing open-mouthed kisses against his neck, and he was whimpering and moaning constantly, soft murmurs of
“That’s not necessary, Dean. I have enough power to get you there. I would be able to take some people into heaven to celebrate, and I also could pick up the ones who are already there from their heavens and bring them to our wedding”, the angel explained matter-of-factly. Dean grinned widely and pulled him into a hug, before kissing his fiancé briefly on the lips.
“But we’re in heaven. How can you be here if you’re still alive?”
With a last peck to Cas' lips, Dean got off the bed and went into the bathroom. He stood in front of the counter and took a deep breath.
Dean stayed in his chair by the bed and ate a burger and some pie. Then he continued waiting for Cas to wake up, but eventually fell asleep himself.
Cas was frozen for a few seconds before he registered what was happening and started kissing Dean back. He happily granted access to his tongue and they explored each other's mouths passionately.
Dean reluctantly untangled himself from his lover and got up from the bed with a groan. He picked up some fresh clothes and headed to the bathroom. In the doorway he stopped and turned around again.
The poor woman was completely caught off guard when she picked up her phone and an overly enthusiastic Dean told her that he was cancelling today's meeting, as well as all the ones after that. His only explanation before hanging up and letting her figure it out on her own was
" Lisa's shrill voice cuts through their little bubble. Cas steps out from behind Dean to stand beside him and his hand slides into Dean's almost automatically.
When Cas came to, Dean was hovering above him, running his clean hand over his cheek and through his hair gently. He smiled softly down at his angel as he opened his eyes and locked his gaze with Dean’s.
Cas was hit by such an overwhelming wave of anger, hurt and jealousy that he didn’t even realize that Dean actually tried to get away from her. He stomped over to the table, slammed the beers down onto it – both Dean and the woman looked up, startled – and stormed off towards the door. He was just outside the building when a gentle, but strong hand grabbed his shoulder and turned him around. He averted his gaze, not able to look into Dean’s green eyes right now.
I guess I'll be ending this story soon, the wedding will probably be in the next chapter, then maybe I'll also write the wedding night, and then eventually an epilogue, but I didn't have a good idea for that yet.
Sam got into the passenger seat and looked at Dean with a raised eyebrow. “What the hell happened to you, Dean? You look like you just ran a few miles through a tornado or something.”
Sooo...as always, please please please let me know what you think! I'm of course open for constructive criticism and please feel free to point out any spelling/grammar mistakes!
He heard Cas say and he smiled involuntarily at Cas calling him his husband. He just couldn't hear it often enough. His husband. Cas was his
"German?" he asks. Dean nods.
Just as he realized what he was doing and started to pull away, the blue eyed angel tangled his fingers into Dean’s hair and held him down, kissing him back slowly.
As he grew closer to blissful release, Cas couldn't help the way his movement sped up slightly, or the soft moans that escaped him every time Dean bottomed out inside him. Even before they'd really gotten started, he had been so riled up from all the foreplay that he was sure it wouldn't take him too long to archive orgasm. He could already feel the heat pooling in his lower abdomen and spreading though his entire body. Dean's grip on him got tighter, his nails digging into his skin lightly, and Cas leaned down to kiss him passionately. He groaned into the blonde's mouth when his neglected dick finally got some friction between their stomachs, his precum and their sweat making for an easy glide.
She grinned and hugged each of them tightly, even Cas, and the other three men tried desperately to contain their laughter at Cas’ awkwardness.
His eyes went wide, his jaw practically hitting the floor, as he took in the sight before him. There, in the middle of the room stood Gabriel, with a shit-eating grin on his face, and next to him was Mary, looking just as confused as Dean felt.
“Have you shown him any movies
"Not really, just need to eat something", Dean answered as he went to the fridge to get everything for a sandwich. He readied his food, grabbed the plate in one hand and Cas' hand in the other one and made his way back to their room in under five minutes.
What the actual fuck? Castiel had never met John, nor talked to him on the phone, and neither had Dean in the last ten years. He had told Cas that John had a hard time adjusting after his wife's death and then got a major drinking problem. As soon as Dean turned eighteen, he'd grabbed his little brother Sam and they'd left their father to go live with their 'uncle' Bobby, telling him that they would talk to him again under the condition that he got his life under control.
Dean pushed his angel back towards the bed and they fell down upon it when Cas’ legs hit its edge, Dean landing on top of him. They’d undressed and made out frantically before, but as soon as they were on the bed they became a little more gentle and less desperate.
Dean knew he should get up to clean up, too, but he felt entirely sated and boneless and his eyes drifted shut before he’d even made the decision to let them do so. A short while later, he was pulled back from his slumber when a warm, wet cloth was dragged gently across his skin, mopping up every bit of evidence of their activities. He didn’t open his eyes, instead enjoying being pampered for once. He felt Cas settle in next to him and rolled onto his side, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder and his arm across Cas’ stomach.
"You're setting the bar pretty high there, how am I supposed to top that on our wedding night?" Cas asks, fake exasperated. Dean presses a quick kiss to his lips before pulling back with a mischievous grin.
The hunter moved his finger in and out a few times before slowly adding a second one and scissoring them apart, all the while still sucking and licking on Cas’ thick length. Cas quickly started to whimper and fuck himself back on Dean’s fingers, so he slid a third digit in alongside the other two. After a few more minutes, he deemed Cas ready, removed his mouth from his cock and looked up at his boyfriend. Dean sucked in a sharp breath at the sight in front of him; the angel looked illegally hot, sex hair and kiss-swollen lips, a slight flush covering his body.
“Baby, you’re so beautiful”, Dean whispered and stroked Cas’ sides softly while leaning down and capturing those full lips in a gentle kiss. But Cas became impatient quickly and, in a surprise move, rolled them over so Dean was on his back with the angel straddling his hips. The hunter wanted to say something, but just then Cas grabbed his dick with a lubed up hand (when did he even
“I just made out with Cas while you were gone, Sammy”, Dean answered cockily. Sam sighed exasperatedly.
“Well, I guess I can’t really blame ya, it’s not as if I ever made a move on you, either”, Dean said and kissed Cas again, briefly.
Eventually, Dean managed to pull out of Cas and he flopped next to him onto the bed, grabbing some tissues from the nightstand to clean them off as good as possible. Then, he pulled Cas close to him, pressing another brief kiss to his lips. They lay in comfortable silence for a while before Dean broke it again.
"I know I have no reason to be jealous of her. I just don't like her flirting with you."
"I love you, too, Dean. We can tell them if you insist. I'll be with you through this", Cas says with a sigh. He is nearly as afraid of John Winchester as Dean is, and he is not looking forward to seeing his reaction. But he also feels the same as Dean, he wants to be able to show his affection in public without fearing that someone sees them.
"Hey Winchester, here's some guy wanting to see you", he shouted gruffly. Dean grinned, already guessing who it was, and walked to the front of the shop, where Bobby was eyeing Cas sceptically.
“So, what’ve you four been up to in the last few months? I really need you to tell me
Dean leaned over him and kissed him softly for several moments, his tongue exploring his boyfriend’s mouth, before he started to trail tender kisses down Cas’ body again. He skipped his crotch again, suckling at the insides of the angel’s thighs instead. Cas moaned quietly and started to writhe beneath Dean.
"So you live here, too?" Cas asked, beaming when Dean nodded.
“That had totally been much better and much more important than seeing Kevin before today”, Dean smirked. Sam groaned.
“TMI, Dean.”
“I strongly suggest that you do. Not. Touch. Him,” he gritted out through clenched teeth. He saw Dean turning to assess the situation, muscles tense and clearly ready to step in if this guy tried anything.
“Good morning, Dean”, Cas answered and leaned in for another kiss, deeper and more demanding than the last. He rolled on top of Dean, straddling him, as their kiss grew gradually more heated. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth when the hunter ran his hands down his back and between his cheeks, circling the still somewhat stretched opening.
"What is it, Babe? Have you changed your mind? Are we going too fast?" he asked caringly, momentarily finding it weird to call his childhood-bestfriend 'Babe', but what could he say? He just liked giving nicknames to the ones he cared about.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Let's have a nap, Babe", he said with a yawn. Cas chuckled.
Dean admired the view briefly, the lean muscles moving under soft skin, and he leaned down to flick his tongue across one of Cas' nipples teasingly, making the other man's breath hitch. He started to grind his hips down, feeling Cas' erection meeting his own through their pants. The sensation made them both release a soft moan, and the vibration of it against his nipple had Cas bucking his hips lightly.
"Oh, we really gotta go now, our break's up. It's been nice talking to you, Dr. Novak. And don't you worry, your secret's safe with us!" Charlie promised, throwing her hand up in a Vulcan salute as she left the break room.
“Mornin’ Babe”, he whispered against his mouth and kissed him again.
“Love ya too, Angel”, Dean said and gave him another brief kiss. “Come on, we have to meet Sam now.”
"Uh, Dean...?" Sam stated questioningly, confusion cleary audible in his voice. Dean opened one eye and glared at him tiredly.
Cas leaned over him, one hand planted besides Dean’s head while the other guided his dick towards Dean’s open, puffy rim. Dean breathed deeply, concentrating on keeping his body relaxed for the main event. He was rewarded with Cas’ thick head slowly breaching him until it finally popped past the ring of muscle with a moan from both of them. As soon as Cas didn’t need his hand to guide his dick anymore, he let go and instead gathered Dean’s leg so it was resting in the crook of his elbow and he was able to open Dean’s legs even wider as he sunk in the rest of the way.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve been thinking, I mean. I’ve been spending a lot of time here. My apartment’s pretty much a shithole anyway. And I was wondering if you’d- y’know. Wantmetomoveinwithyou,” he got out in rush, holding his breath for Cas’ answer. He wasn’t disappointed when Cas all but tackled him into the bed, kissing him senseless enthusiastically.
When he was sure he was ready, Dean went back into their bedroom, bringing the lube with him. Cas' fists were gripping the sheets tightly, as if preventing himself from touching his leaking cock.
"Dr. Novak, are you alright? No offense, but you seem to be a little...off, lately", she said, looking at him with concern in her eyes. She was surprised that the first thing the older man did was to smile at her widely before answering in his usual serious tone.
"I'm not, actually. Engaged, though, since yesterday", he answers, still beaming, and he thinks everyone must be able to see the hearts in his eyes, at this rate. Lisa seems seriously crushed, though.
Dean was currently buried under the hood of some old car which's engine wouldn't start anymore, when Bobby called for him.
. God, he was so lucky.
As requested by a lovely reader, the events from Chapter One from Dean's POV. Sorry it took so long!
"Well, let's just be glad that it was only Kev you told about it. He won't say a word", Jo said pointedly. Then, "Wait, you
“Cas…” he choked out, awed. From the angel’s back protruded two huge, magnificent wings. They were dark blue, almost black, on top and got lighter downwards, the tips of the flight feathers a medium dark shade of blue.
The wedding! Whoo! Plus, a special little surprise from one of my favorite characters, who is unfortunately dead (*glares at writers*) but I'm bringing him back, 'cause I can do whatever I want with this fic.
"You too, dad", Dean said, even as his stomach twisted itself up in knots at the mere prospect of seeing his father again after so long. "See you soon, dad."
"Hey Babe. Missed me?" Dean asked with a smirk.
Dean did this for several minutes, also including the rest of the available skin, until he'd used up at least ten of the ice cubes. Sometimes, he'd lean down and run his tongue over the skin, to lap up the cold water pooling in every dip and crevice and to contradict the cold whenever Cas actually shivered despite the heat. Even though that had more to do with his arousal than with the coldness.
“Well, you are very beautiful, Dean, I’m not at all surprised”, Cas stated matter-of-factly.
, Dean? He looks like I’m speaking the one language in the universe he doesn’t understand.”
“Fuck,” Dean groaned as his back collided with the unforgiving wood of Cas’ front door, the man himself already plastered to his front and doing his very best to give Dean what would probably become the biggest hickey in the history of hickeys while simultaneously trying to get him out of his clothes. The disgruntled noise he made when he had to remove his lips from Dean’s throat for the split second it took him to rip the Henley over his head was probably the cutest thing Dean’s ever heard. Well, at least when it came to bedroom sounds. Those usually weren’t all that cute.
With another annoyed sound, Cas threw the blankets off of himself and hurried over to the little table in the hallway where their phone was stationed. He didn't recognize the number, but shrugged and accepted the call anyways.
“Yes, you told me that several times today already,” Cas smirked, making quick work of Dean’s button and zipper before getting off the bed to pull the jeans down his bowed legs. Dean made sure to watch his face, eager for his reaction upon seeing what was underneath the pants. He wasn’t disappointed as Cas’s jaw dropped and his eyes went almost completely black with lust.
The man on the other side of the threshold looked nothing like his dad and exactly like him at the same time. His eyes were the same, and his hair and his built, hell, even his clothes could be straight out of his closet from ten years ago. But at the same time, he looked completely different, because he looked good. Healthy. No dark circles under his eyes. No fallen-in cheeks. No far-away look in his eyes that he got whenever he was drunk--which was about 95% of the time as far as Dean could remember. Instead, those eyes were now looking at him, obviously sober, taking him in from head to toe. His lips were twisted into a tentative smile instead of the snarl Dean remembered seeing most of the time back then.
When Dean arrived home, he still hadn't been able to stop thinking about his realization about his feelings for Cas. He couldn't concentrate in class at all, his mind spilling over with thoughts about his best friend.
The memory of last night came back instantly and Dean smiled at his angel before giving him a short good-morning kiss.
"I guess German isn't so bad after all", he says with a chuckle. After a minute of silence he adds, "I love you." Cas falls asleep smiling.
Winchester, actually. Sorry about the disturbance."
“I figured we don’t have the time for you to do it the normal way, so I just worked my ‘mojo’ on myself. But I do regret our lack of time.”
He was interrupted by everyone shouting 'of course', except Pamela, who asked "So you are the one who burned my eyes outta my skull?"
"Hey mom", he said happily.
“I…you two…what…?” Sam spluttered his brain still a little sleep-hazed. He was thoroughly confused.
"W-what? You're pregnant?!" Charlie exclaimed quite loudly. She winced as she noticed her mistake. "Sorry. That's great, Dr. Novak, I'm so happy for you!" she continued, more quiet this time.
Dean immediately went to the kitchen to get something to eat, Cas following closely.
"One, you said you wouldn't come. Two, could you pleASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHY THE GUY BECAUSE OF WHOM YOU HAVE BEEN HEARTBROKEN FOR YEARS IS SITTING IN MOM AND DAD'S LIVING ROOM LIKE IT'S THE MOST NORMAL THING IN THE FUCKING WORLD???" Sam burst out, finally breaking out of his trance. Jess seemed startled by Sam's words, looking at Dean and Cas wide-eyed.
Dean lubed his fingers up quickly and circled his angel’s entrance with one of them. He took him in his other hand and slowly swallowed him down while working the finger in gently. Cas gasped at the double stimulation. His hands were already fisted into the bedsheets and he was straining not to thrust up into Dean’s mouth.
A sudden shove from someone trying to push past them on the packed floor startled Cas back into the here and now and he pulled back from the kiss, both of them already breathing a little heavier than normal. The colorful lights of the club danced across Dean’s face and made him look even more breathtaking than usual. Cas grabbed his hand and started pulling him towards the exit insistently, beyond glad that they had already paid for their drinks and didn’t have a tab to settle.
"Your
Dean stepped out of the shower, quietly singing Def Leppard's Rock of Ages. He grabbed his huge, fluffy towel and roughly dried his body and hair, making it stick up in crazy angles, before wrapping the towel around his waist. He was just going to grab the pair of clean boxers he'd brought to the bathroom with him before showering when he heard Cas damn near yelling his own name. Dean frowned and stopped singing to try and hear what his husband was saying next. He walked over to the bathroom door and opened it a little bit.
“I managed it throughout the whole story from earlier, I don’t really think that there’s anything that will make me come undone after that”, John answered with a forced chuckle.
So he flipped them over again, without slipping out of Cas’ hole, and rearranged the angel’s legs over his own shoulders, practically folding him in half. This way, he was able to fuck into Cas as deep as possible and his lover cried out when he hit his prostate.
Mary Winchester was currently im the kitchen, cooking, when the doorbell began to ring insistently. She was confused, she wasn't expecting any visitors today. The doorbell rang non-stop. Appearantly, the person at the door was pretty impatient.
Jo looked up from her microwaveable Chinese food and settled her gaze on Charlie, obviously thinking her words over. "Now that you mention it, he did seem a bit off in the last week or so. I don't know him as well as you do, though", she answered after a minute of contemplation.
But they both still had their morning wood problem, so Cas started to grind his hips down into Dean's to get some much needed friction. They both moaned at the sensation and Dean rolled his hips up to meet Cas' thrusts. Dean's hands wandered from the angel's hair over his back and towards his ass while they kissed messily and grinded their cocks together. He traced the puckered rim a few times before starting to press one finger in. He went slower than normally, since they only had the water as lube, but Cas was having none of it.
Jealous!Cas, chick-flick moments and more sex. Oops.
. He was most probably pissed because it took them so long to get ready. But it had totally been worth it, so Dean really couldn’t care less.
"Thanks, Babe, but I think it's okay. This'll just need some getting used to, I guess."
“I don’t know, it’s just- it seemed worse today, for some reason. I felt like everyone in there was trying to undress you with their eyes and then that man…I’m sorry, Dean, I overreacted. We can go back if you want to keep dancing.” God, this was embarrassing. He felt like a fool, an overly possessive fool. He looked away from Dean, too ashamed of himself to face him.
He kissed Cas again, a little uncoordinated due to the rocking motions of their hips, then started to suck more hickeys into the skin of his neck and collarbone. Cas fingers squeezed his tightly and suddenly the blue-eyed man was coming, untouched, and that thought alone, alongside with the rhythmic clenching of his muscles around Dean's cock and Cas' loud moans of Dean's name, had him following right after Cas. He kept thrusting into him, riding out their orgasms, and then just collapsed on top of the other man, overwhelmed with pleasure. They were both shuddering with the aftershocks, gasping for breath.
The next morning when Dean woke up, Cas (who had chosen to start sleeping; partially for Dean’s sake and because of the pleasant exhaustion which took over his body after sex) was still asleep. Dean smiled and untangled himself from Cas’ embrace, then he put on a pair of sweatpants and headed into the kitchen to make breakfast.
Cas' eyes brightened and he hopped off the bed enthusiastically.
?” Dean asked, somewhat confused.
Dean catched on quickly, grabbed Cas' hand and pulled him towards the Impala, opening the passenger's side door and pushing him in hastily. He sprinted to her other side and hopped in, ramming the key into the ignition and certainly breaking several speed limits as he raced towards his home.
"What? Cas, first, you are twenty-three, and second, you are hot as fuck. How can you possibly still be a virgin?" Cas blushed even more at the compliment.
For dinner on Saturday, Cas insisted on making pizza from scratch. He also got another pie from his brother's bakery, as well as a pint of vanilla ice cream to go with it. He knew that Dean would be in need of his comfort food again that day.
"I know", John said, more calm than Dean would have expected from someone who had always been so openly against everything that didn't fit his view of 'normal'.
dumb, Jo."
, but instead he buried his face into his pillow and let the tears of frustration flow.
"Really, John? We haven't talked to each other in ten fuckin' years, we didn't even know if you were still alive these past few years and all you come up with is 'Hey Dean', as if nothing fucking happened?!"
"Dean, please. Need you so bad", he begged instead, hoping that Dean would give in and touch him. But the other man had other plans for him. Instead of touching him, he pressed two more ice cubes into him, each disappearing into his body with a low popping sound. Cas shivered again from the cold, but then there was Dean's tongue again, lapping up the water dripping out of his soaking wet hole.
"Castiel Winchester", he repeated, loud and clear, smiling a little im spite of himself as he said his last name, even though it's been more than two years.
Just as Dean sat down at the kitchen table and started to eat his slice of cherry pie, Sam came in with his laptop.
Dean rolled his eyes. Sam always wanted to go as soon as possible. It was just 9 a.m. by now and Dean really wanted to spend some more quality time with Cas.
"Hello Charlie", Kevin greeted back. "How are you?" he asked kindly.
Ten minutes later, Sam came into the kitchen too, looking thoroughly grumpy and obviously sleep deprived. He hadn’t slept that much last night because of his brother’s nightly activities. But still, he did not know about Dean and Cas, clearly thinking that his brother had been watching porn for hours last night.
Cas moaned and gasped and made the most beautiful noises while Dean ate him out. When he was ready, Dean got up and kissed Cas, who moaned as he tasted himself and Dean on Dean’s lips. The green eyed man settled down beside his lover, wrapping one arm around his slim waist as Cas pillowed his head on Dean’s chest, listening to his steadying heartbeat.
Cas’ blinding smile was more than worth it talking about his feelings for once.
"I need a shower Dean," he whispered into his ear and rolled his hips against his lover's. "You gonna join me?"
And that did the trick. Dean felt Cas shudder hard a split-second before he collapsed on top of Dean with a choked-off moan of his name, felt his cock twitch and fill him up with hot come while Cas kept shoving into him in small, jerky thrusts. It was enough to have Dean coming, too, and he arched off the bed as much as he could with most of Cas’ weight on top of him, claiming his lips in a bruising kiss as he painted both their stomachs white.
“Wait. I saw your wings for three years by now. This means you’ve liked me for three fucking years and you never said anything. Why?” Cas blushed again.
Dean felt himself coming closer to the edge and he reached down, wrapped one hand around Cas’ cock and stroked in time with his thrusts. After just a couple of strokes, the angel cried out and shredded the sheets beneath his hands when his orgasm hit hard and he pumped come all over their chests and stomachs, his toes curling as he was overwhelmed by pleasure. Dean followed suit, brought over the edge by the way Cas looked and clenched around him when he came. The hunter filled his lover up with his seed before pulling out of his sensitive hole carefully.
“Okay, so…I’m totally on board for this idea, Angel, but…” Dean hesitated briefly, lost in thought. “Do you think it’s possible that the two of us make a little trip upstairs before? I would really like to speak to my parents rather than dropping the bomb just when they’re already at the wedding.” Cas nodded, considering Dean’s request briefly.
“Bit-“, Dean tried to respond, but he was cut off as Sam pulled him to his feet and right into a bone-crashing hug.
“Get me the lube, Dean, please,” he said, fingers going back to toying with the plug. Dean stretched to his right to reach the nightstand, pulling open the drawer and blindly searching for the lube. Finally, his fingers closed around the familiar bottle, only to almost drop it again when Cas chose that moment to pull the plug out just far enough for its widest part to stretch Dean’s rim before letting it get sucked back in again.
One day, nearly 5 weeks after their engagement, Cas actually asked Dean about the planning of the wedding. They spent that whole day holed up in their room, discussing the details of the event, before Dean even realized that they haven’t thought about a location yet. A few more hours were spent searching the web for a good place, unsuccessfully, before Cas had an idea.
Dean didn’t bother answering. Instead, he grabbed Cas’ chin, turned his face to him gently and kissed him sweetly. After a few seconds, Charlie piped up again.
He was almost fully asleep when a thought occurred to him and he felt that he absolutely couldn’t wait until tomorrow to voice it lest he lost his nerve until then.
Several minutes later, the bathroom door opened and steam spilled out into the main room as Dean exited, dressed in only his boxers and a t-shirt. Immediately, Cas jumped up from his seat and went to take his shower, not even giving Sam a chance to go in first.
The hunter knew that Cas was close, too, considering the way his breath hitched and hips stuttered.
“Please Dean, fuck me, fuck me hard. Oh yesss,
"We should get up Dean, you need to eat something."
The door flew open and Mary Winchester stood in front of them, still in her nightgown. She smiled as she saw Dean, not having expected to see him, and pulled him into a tight hug. He had to let go of Cas' hand to hug her back properly.
“You. Will. Be. The. Death. Of. Me,” he said, dropping kisses down Dean’s chest and abs after every word. Dean just chuckled in response and lifted his hips to finally make contact with Cas’ dick, rock-hard and dripping precome as it slid against the front of the panties deliciously.
“I’m sorry I startled you, Dean. It’s just…my work in heaven is quite exhausting and I’ve drained myself pretty much. I figured it would be the safest for me to stay with you for a few hours and rest, but apparently flying here drained my mojo completely. However, I just needed to rest. I do feel much better now”, he stated matter-of-factly.
"Are you okay?" he asked, straightening Dean's tie for him as he saw that his brother's hands were shaking too much.
"What do you mean?"
“You’re gorgeous”, he whispered, while leaning down to kiss his angel. Cas kissed him back eagerly, tangling his tongue with Dean’s, until the hunter had to come up for air, panting. He then got off the bed to remove Cas’ pants and boxers and Cas gasped as his erection was finally freed from its confinements. The hunter went to his duffle bag and retrieved a bottle of lube, before returning to the bed and settling down between Cas’ legs.
"Relax, Baby", Dean said softly. "I just wanted to help you cool down a little."
Afterwards, he relaxed and let Cas press him into the mattress, the weight comforting rather than constricting. His hands traced aimless patterns into Cas’ back as they both struggled to get their breathing back under control.
"I'm sorry. For everything. I'm sorry for the way I treated you after your mother's death. I'm sorry for drinking too much and spending too much money on alcohol and I'm sorry for never really being a father to the both of you and for leaving you to look after Sammy and I'm sorry for unloading way too many responsibility on you when you were only a child yourself. I'm sorry for not getting my shit together sooner. I know that it took me way too fucking long to finally see what I lost when you finally snapped and left - which I understand, really, it was the right thing to do." Dean had to admit that John
and he hoped that would be enough information for her.
Cas straddled Dean's hips quickly, searching for the lube until Dean thrust it into his hand impatiently. He wasted no time squirting some into his palm and lubing Dean up before throwing the bottle down beside them. He shuffled forward on his knees, taking Dean's dick in hand and lining it up with his dripping wet hole.
"In my opinion, English sounds better than German. It can sound kind of...harsh, I guess."
When they were dressed and back in their bedroom, hunter and angel sat down on their bed in comfortable silence. Dean was the first to break it after a few minutes.
Thanks for reading! Feedback again greatly appreciated!
"It's nothing, I just- I was gonna call Sammy, tell him about dad, y'know? But I don't know what to say to him so he won't be pissed and refuse to meet him immediately. I mean, that moose holds a serious grudge against him, even more so than me. I'm just scared this will cause a rift between us," Dean admitted quietly, sighing softly as Cas started gently carding his fingers through Dean's blond hair.
, does that mean you told some girl about all
So, I promised (I actually kept a promise, yay!) once, that there'd be bottom!Dean at some point, so here it is. I hope it turned out okay and it will kinda make up somewhat for the lateness of this chapter. Enjoy!
"You're lying. You know I can tell when you are. Come on, Dean. I'm not gonna stop asking you until you tell me, I swear", Sam says with a self-satisfied expression on his face that Dean wants to punch right off of it. He sighs heavily, knowing perfectly well that Sam wouldn't leave him alone so easily.
"Bobby, this is Castiel, Cas this is Bobby, who I've already told you about." Bobby looked actually shocked, of course knowing the whole story, but managed to reach out a hand and shake Cas' firmly.
"I'm sure you'll find a way."
It was Mary who opened the door, looking slightly confused – after all, they normally were completely alone in their personal heaven. Her eyes widened impossibly as she saw Dean standing in front of her.
“Dude, is it really that difficult to keep the volume down, if you already
"I dunno, I mean, you are the only guy I ever felt attracted to, and that's something they most probably know. Difficult not to see it with how fucking messed up I was ever since you had to leave, I guess. And even if they have no clue, they aren't gonna say anything. They'll be so happy that we found each other again and I'm not going to sulk all the time anymore", Dean assured him. By now, Cas had parked Baby in front of the Winchester's house. Dean leaned over and kissed him deeply and reassuringly before unbuckling his seat belt and hopping out of the car. He waited for Cas on the sidewalk and they walked up to the door hand in hand.
They started with kissing again, doing just that for at least ten minutes before Dean got to work on their pants again. They quickly joined the rest of their clothes on the floor and both men gasped when their naked cocks brushed against one another.
"Doesn't sound too bad. What's it mean?"
, until it pulsed beneath his fingertip. Cas cried out in pleasure and clenched around Dean’s finger. Dean continued the strong pressure onto his prostate, licking around Cas’ swollen rim, and the angel’s hands scrabbled for purchase as his whole body seized up and he came for the first time in his existence, untouched, and so hard he blacked out for a few moments as his orgasm ebbed off slowly.
Then came the "I do's" and they exchanged the rings and then they were finally kissing and everyone was cheering and
That had been nearly ten years ago, and Cas knew that Dean had lost all hope that his father would ever get a grip on himself. Hell, they didn't even know if the guy was still alive these past few years.
…” Cas begged and Dean let out a groan; it was so goddamn hot to hear the angel talk dirty like this. The hunter complied, fucking into him hard and fast and nailing his prostate on every thrust. Cas was sobbing and moaning Dean’s name, interspersed with pleadings like
Afterwards, he pulled out of Cas gently and grabbed some tissues from the nightstand to wipe them off. Then he lay on his back and pulled Cas close to him with an arm around his waist. The angel rested his dark haired head on Dean’s chest, snuggled as close to him as possible and closed his eyes.
So like I said, no promises on that epilogue, but stay tuned! I hope you liked this chapter, I was very unsure about actually bringing Mary back...please tell me what you thought! I love constructive criticism, so don't hesitate to tell me what I could do better next time!
They were there within ten minutes, and both men couldn't be out of the car and inside the house quick enough. Once inside, Dean pushed Cas against the closed door and kissed him desperately while pushing the trench coat off of his shoulders.
Sam watched Dean and Cas on the other side of the diner’s table with a partly happy, partly grossed out expression on his face. They were behaving disgustingly cute and kept kissing, sweet and tender and pretty much
"I thought we didn't want to tell anyone anytime soon?"
”, Charlie interrupted again. “Are you really telling me he hasn’t seen Lord of the Rings yet??”
"No. It's a little uncomfortable but I suppose that's normal", Cas answered, adjusting to the feel of Dean's finger inside of him. It really didn't hurt and he was eager to carry on. He moaned softly as Dean added a second finger, and this time it did burn a little, but the pleasure was quickly overriding the pain. Still, Dean stopped moving for a minute to let him get used to it before he started to scissor his fingers and move them in and out slowly.
Dean woke up to someone pressing soft kisses all over his face and neck. At first, he startled, trying to grasp a clear thought through his sleep-hazed mind. He opened his eyes and looked into bright blue ones.
With that, the cold sensation reappeared, and Cas turned his head to look as best as he could, spotting a can filled with ice cubes next to him on the bed. He placed his head back onto his folded arms and relaxed into the cooling touch of the melting cube Dean was trailing along his skin.
“Nope.”
which came out of your room.”
"But you two have met before? I mean, we work together, so..." Dean frowns at her. All three of them worked at Sandover. Different departments, sure, but still. There
“No, no, it’s okay; I rather want to bring this behind me as soon as possible. Just send us up there right now, please.” Cas complied, and the next moment Dean found himself in front of their old house in Lawrence.
"No, Dean, please don't! That's not fair! You're such an assbutt!" he sputters indignantly. Dean laughs.
Cas worked his mojo again to clean them up but didn’t move even the tiniest bit apart from that, body completely slack and melted into the mattress. Dean climbed back onto the bed, lay on his side facing Cas and pulled the blanket up to his chest.
"Come on, Dean, give it to me", he rasped, and Dean certainly didn't need to be asked twice. He started with slow thrusts that quickly became faster and harder and soon Cas couldn't do anything but hold on for the ride. Dean was slamming into his oversensitive prostate with nearly every thrust, punching little
Two hours later, he woke up again, his head lying next to Cas’ arm onto the sheets in a slightly uncomfortable position. He glanced up to find huge blue eyes staring back at him and he sat upright in an instant, breathing a sigh of relief at the angel’s consciousness.
"I do know, but I wasn't aware that humans pay much attention to those dates", Cas mused.
Finally back at the bunker, Dean hastily excused himself and ran off to his room. When he got there, Cas was already standing in the middle of the room, waiting for him. Dean grabbed him and kissed him hungrily, passionately. Cas responded immediately and opened his mouth for Dean’s tongue to enter. The hunter began to unbutton Cas’ white button-down and shoved it off his shoulders alongside the trench coat and suit jacket.
"Well, uh, I guess I got the wrong number then, I wanted to talk to a
He broke the kiss, earning a displeased whimper from Cas, and trailed kisses along his jawline and neck. He sucked a hickey into the sensitive skin, the red of the forming bruise standing out beautifully in contrast to Cas' pale skin.
"Well, everyone apart from the two of them, apparently."
Dean grabbed a pillow and placed it beneath Cas' hips to lift them up and make it more comfortable for him. Then he popped the cap of the bottle and applied a generous amount onto his fingers. He stroked Cas' thigh with his other hand reassuringly as he gently started to press one finger into him, all the while searching his face for the smallest signs of discomfort.
"I'm actually in the process of moving here. I finished college and I'll start teaching at the local highschool soon, so here I am. At the moment I live at a nearby hotel, until the moving truck arrives. I took the plane so I'm a little earlier than the truck."
Katze' and '
"Hello, Dean", Cas said after he broke the kiss reluctantly.
Dean and Cas plan the wedding and visit John and Mary in heaven.
"Yeah well, don't thank me too early. We'll do dinner and then look how we're going to deal with the situation further. And I'll invite Sam and his wife Jessica, too. I'll talk to them, decide on a date and then I'll let you know when to be where."
"Yes, I'm sure, Cas. Seriously. I can't stand it anymore not to be able to kiss you when I want, or to hold your hand, or do whatever the other couples always do. It's not fair for you to be kept a secret, you deserve more than that. I love you, angel, and I don't want us to have to hide anymore. And if my father has a problem with us than we'll find a way to make this work. Okay? I love you", Dean says passionately, and he's aware that his little speech was incredibly sappy but he doesn't even care. He meant every word.
They next time Dean woke up, it was 10 a.m. and Cas was already awake. Dean stretched and yawned, feeling sore in all the right places from the several rounds of love-making they indulged in over the rest of their lazy day in bed.
“I’m…yes, Dean. That was very…intense”, he panted, still a little out of breath.
"And I always thought we were extremely obvious", Dr. Novak said, appearing to be deep in thought. "Well, it seems that I was wrong. Or you two really are oblivious", he teased. Charlie and Jo shrugged and then jumped up hurriedly as they noticed the time simultaneously.
Later that evening, Mary Winchester came into her son’s room to tell them that dinner was ready and found them cuddling on the bed. She left the room and pulled the door closed behind her quietly, all the while smiling to herself happily.
He was still standing in the middle of the room with the phone in his hand, a little bit annoyed that Dean just hung up. Then it occured to him that Dean was most likely convinced that Cas hated him right now. Shit. He surely thought that Cas didn't like him back. Dammit.
"Are you complaining?" he asked, attacking Cas' throat with his mouth, leaving hickeys in his wake as he worked himself down to a nipple, which he gently took between his teeth and tugged on. Cas buried his hands in Dean's hair again, moaning as his sensitive nipple was stimulated.
They made their way to the altar together as the music started to play and came to a halt in front of it, facing each other with their hands entwined.
"Cas?" he breathed, increduously. The other man turned his head and looked at him, and Dean saw realization flash across his features.
Dean already feared that they would be thrown out, but the barkeeper just smirked as he watched the man leave and continued his work. Cas started to say something, probably wanting to thank him, but Sam told him to drop it and so they just finished their dinner and drove back to the bunker in silence.
boyfriend and obviously trying to seduce him.
"Very well. Do you wish to stay in a room with Mary for the night?" he asked, understanding clearly obvious in his voice and eyes. Mary interrupted them before Dean could answer.
“I guess I’ll just have to wear them for you again,” Dean winked, and Cas moaned his approval as he finally started to get rid of the last piece of clothing left between them. Dean groaned as his dick was freed from its last confines, slapping up against his stomach and leaving behind a small trail of precome. Immediately, Cas leaned down to take him into his mouth, and Dean gasped as his hands buried themselves into dark hair yet again.
The next morning, Cas woke up to a solid warmth pressed against his back and he was instantly reminded of yesterday's events. He smiled to himself and turned in Dean's arms to face him. Dean awoke shortly after, pressing a kiss to Cas' lips and rolling out of bed to make breakfast. Cas soon followed him and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist while the other man stood in his boxers at the stove and made bacon. Dean smiled as he felt the warm, equally little dressed body settling against his back. He turned his head to press a kiss to Cas' soft lips before returning his attention to the sizzling bacon.
This night, he barely sleeps, plagued by thoughts about what could possibly happen when they come out.
"Thanks a lot, Jo", Charlie said dryly. "Why am I even friends with you?"
"Hello, Dean", Cas greets, as usual.
"Wait, really?! Dr. Novak, you can't go to work when you're sick!" Jo interrupted, shocked that he would be so careless.
"Shit, Cas, I can't believe this. I really hope that's not a dream", he said, concerned; he'd had such dreams before, only to be even more heartbroken and disappointed as soon as he'd woken up.
Cas’ lips were parted slightly and tiny gasps and moans escaped them whenever Dean’s cock brushed his prostate. The thrusts were so slow he could feel every vein on Dean’s member, and he loved it.
. Before he’d even made any conscious decision to move, he was already storming onto the dancefloor, pushing through the few people that stood in his way, and before he really knew what was even happening, he’d already yanked the guy around by his shoulder and was glaring at him with what was no doubt his most smite-y expression.
"He didn't freak out about it?" Cas asked, surprised. Dean had told him on more than one occasion that his father would probably not be very happy about their relationship. Considering the other stories he'd heard about John Winchester over the years, Cas didn't find that hard to believe.
After they’d looked for a new case, but didn’t find one, they spent the day hanging out at the bunker. Sam read one book from the library after the other and Kevin disappeared into his room and only came out for dinner. God knows what he’d been doing in there. Dean tried to teach Cas how to cook but there was way more kissing involved than actual cooking. Eventually, they managed to get dinner ready. The four of them ate quickly and then they settled down on the couch and watched TV, Cas curled up against Dean with his head on the hunter’s chest and Dean with his arm tightly wrapped around his boyfriend, a blanket draped over the two of them.
Dean can't wipe the smile off his face. He's at work, which should be reason enough for him not to be smiling from ear to ear and he's got a meeting with Mr. Adler later today but still. He just can't help it. Like, he's pretty sure he hasn't ever been this happy before in his
Though after a little while of being opened up on three digits, Cas’ hot gaze seemingly burning on his skin with how intensely he was watching his every move, Dean was starting to become impatient again. “Are you gonna fuck me some time today, or what?” he asked, raising one eyebrow in challenge, just for the cocky expression to turn into one of bliss when Cas chose that moment to massage his prostate firmly instead of humoring him with an answer to his goading.
“That I do,” he said, kissing Dean softer than all the other times tonight and thrilling at the way Dean all but melted into him, opening up easily to Cas’ attentions.
"Are you going to go through with that or are you just all talk and no action?" he sassed, hoping to get Dean to do something,
“Love ya”, he whispered into the angel’s dark hair and pressed a kiss to his neck. Cas snuggled even closer to him, murmuring a sleepy-sounding
"I guess you're right, Dean. We probably would've both felt rather uncomfortable in one of those places", Cas agreed. Dean leaned up briefly for a kiss before he laid back down and closed his eyes with a happy sigh.
Cas sat up with a groan and rolled his eyes good-naturedly. “You’re insatiable,” he teased as he pulled his softening dick out of Dean’s body, a dribble of come following. Gently, he used one finger to gather it up and push it back inside. He grabbed the plug to keep everything inside, pushing it in with an over-stimulated whimper from Dean. When he was done, he leaned up to drop a quick peck onto his nose and got off the bed.
After that, they’d lie there, sated and snuggled together, kissing and whispering declarations of love to each other before eventually falling asleep, wrapped up in either their blankets or Cas’ wings.
"Yeah, but we wanted to surprise you", Dean explained, taking Cas' hand again and pulling him towards his parents.
"Shit, Cas, that's...wow. I--" Dean stuttered, stunned. Seriously, what would Cas have done if they never saw each other again? Die a virgin?
After several minutes, he pulled back to look his mother, still sniffling a little.
"No. He didn't. I dunno, he sounded like a wholly different man than the John Winchester I knew. He told me he was in rehab for the past two years, that he finally realized how much he missed his family and that he had to do something to get us back. Apparently, this isn't big enough to throw him off again after everything he's been through for this", Dean explained, lazily rubbing circles into Cas' hipbones with his thumbs. "I guess I haven't really processed all this yet. I mean, it's been ten years. I was nearly convinced he either didn't give a rat's ass about us, or he was dead. But he wants to meet us, and Sammy, soon. Cas, I really hope this'll work out. Now that the prospect is there, I realize that I really want him back in our lifes. I know he's fucked up in the past, but he's still my dad. You can understand that, right?"
Cas moaned his approval and got onto his knees, water dribbling out of his hole and running down his thigh, cool against his overheated skin. He turned to face Dean. His husband looked seriously dishelved, but Cas was sure he looked worse. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and crashed their lips together feverishly, noticing that they hadn't even kissed yet since Dean came home from work. Dean kissed him back enthusiastically, his arms snaking around Cas's waist and pulling him in tight.
“Oh yes, Dean,
“I thought that…that you already don’t want me anymore, that I’m not enough for you, that you no longer love me, that –
“Yeah but you still love me,” Dean grinned and Cas couldn’t help his responding sappy smile.
. Cas opens one eye cautiously, looking at his boyfriend's face. He doesn't dare getting his hopes up, but Dean seems happy, even if a little overwhelmed.
Finally, they made it outside, but Cas didn’t slow down. He was still wound up from the confrontation, and desperate to just get back to his apartment where they could be all alone.
“No, I can stay a little longer. I have to go when I’m called back, though”, Cas answered Sam’s question, but his eyes were on Dean’s reflection in the mirror rather than on the younger Winchester.
"You forgot to kiss me hello", Cas said as he broke the kiss. Dean cocked an eyebrow at him.
The hunter knew he’d some sort of feelings for his guardian angel for a long time now, but he’d struggled to admit it even to himself at first, mostly because he’d always considered himself straight.
"Okay, are you free on Friday? I'm gonna ask my mom if you can come over from Friday to Saturday and we could tell them then, okay?"
Since Dean was still fast asleep, he laid there and thought back to last night, already imagining countless mornings just like this; waking up with Dean by his side, going to sleep together every night and spending as much time with each other as possible in between, and he could see himself falling only deeper in love with this incredible man through it all.
"You didn't know that me and Dean are married?"
Then Dean is leaning down so that his lips are just an inch from Cas' and he can feel Dean's breath ghost over them as he speaks.
“I-I wanted to ask you something”, Dean began, a little bit insecure. Cas looked at him wide-eyed, indicating for him to go on.
At some point in the early afternoon, Sam went to their room and knocked on the door, calling their names softly. When he didn't get an answer he figured the risk to walk in on something was small, and he entered the room quietly. He had to smile at what he saw there, his brother and his angel curled up in their bed, arms wrapped tightly around each other, blanket tugged up to the waist -
“I wasn’t exactly thinking about just
"Sure but it'll take at least an hour to get all of them, I think. Just feel like you're at home while Dr Badass works his magic."
"Uh, excuse me, what did you just say your name was again?" a confused-sounding voice asked eventually. Cas couldn't remember ever having heard the voice before.
Since it was so late and everyone was tired, Charlie, Garth and the others just crashed in several rooms of the bunker. After all, there were more than enough bedrooms in there. Dean and Cas were the last ones left in the main room, Cas holding a half-asleep Dean upright.
that doesn't make everything okay again but it's a start, right? And he sounded so sincere, y'know? I told him about Cas and he didn't even bat a lash. He freaking
The hunter pushed Cas under the spray to get rid of the suds and soaped himself up in the meantime. Cas then returned the favor and washed his hair as well. After that, Dean turned to face him and kissed him deeply and passionately, slipping his tongue between his lover’s easily parting lips. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, pressing himself flush against him. The hunter’s hands traveled downwards, his fingertips rubbing over Cas’ hole, and the angel bucked his hips, both of them moaning at the friction as their erections slid against each other.
"What?" he whisper-shouted at his brother in an annoyed tone. Sam gestured in their direction helplessly.
Charlie's voice. Shit. Shit, shit, shit. That was
Anyway, I hope y'all will like this new chapter and that the reactions and stuff are believeable...I haven't exactly been in a similar situation so it's difficult for me to write and I hope I did alright with it. Please let me know what you thought!
Dean didn’t have much time to think about his brother’s behavior, because just a minute later Cas came in, looking totally hot and adorable with his bed head and sleepy blue eyes. He walked up to Dean and the hunter wrapped his arms around his waist and kissed him softly.
To say Castiel was shell-shocked would be an understatement. That sure as hell hadn't been what he expected when he'd accepted that call.
“Hey, calm down, Cas. I don’t even swing that way”, Charlie laughed. Cas glare turned into confusion and he tilted his head, which Dean found incredibly adorable.
Sam, Dean and Cas finished breakfast, but Kevin took his time and the other three watched him impatiently, waiting for him to finish as well. Kevin glared again.
and she didn’t freak out??? Or is she a hunter, too? Why isn’t she here? Dean I-“ Charlie babbled, but then she realized the uncomfortable look on Dean’s face and how Sam and Kevin were nearly falling off their chairs from laughing so hard. Cas was staring at the table top as if it was the most interesting thing ever.
good", Dean declares petulantly.
, and these people had no right to – to undress him with their eyes like that. Assbutts.
Dean woke up in the middle of the night and realized that they’d fallen asleep in the living room. He yawned and stretched, which caused Cas to wake up as well. The angel glared up at Dean, which wasn’t very intimidating since he looked all cute and adorable with his sleep-hazed blue eyes and messed up sex-hair. Dean just laughed and threw a glance at his phone. 3:27.
Dean took one of Cas’ nipples between his lips, suckling lightly, and the angel writhed underneath him, moaning softly. After a few moments, Dean moved on to the other nipple and laved it with his mouth and tongue, before sitting back up to admire the sight of the man beneath him.
"I asked about a dozen people about their opinion today, Jo. A
"Okay, Dean."
"Uh, Sam, I don't know where you've been with your head lately, but me and Cas have been together for, like, two months", he said mockingly. "Are you fucking
"Dad?" he asked, and Cas could hear his voice shake just slightly. He decided to give Dean some privacy and went to the kitchen to start making dinner.
Cas raised his head and kissed him. "Of course Dean, why shouldn't we be able to do this? I take it you'd like to visit them before the wedding, too?"
“Cas, Baby, where are you going? Why are you so upset?” Dean asked, concern clearly showing in his voice, but Cas didn’t answer him. Tears sprang to his eyes and he tried desperately to hold them back.
“Seriously, Sam? I’ve told you at least three times. Did you really think I was joking? After last night? Oh man, you can be so slow”, Dean said, grinning and still gently holding Cas in his embrace, who was smiling broadly at his boyfriend, his arms and legs still wrapped around Dean as well.
"Ok I'm just gonna get straight to the point, wouldn't wanna waste your time", Dean winked. "Cas and I came up here to ask you if you're gonna come...to our wedding."
