Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
The taller man produced a throaty chuckle and grinned at the doctor. "Just last week you meet, start working for him and accept shared lodgings all in the same day. Should I speculate a scandalous affair, Doctor Watson?"
There was silence from both men and John was not sure whether it was the right time to swallow, let alone blink. He knew better than to encourage such behaviour that was seen as indecent, but it was the way that Sherlock acted around him and made him feel wanted which caused John to need and crave more. Heart hammering in his chest, his mouth started to move and process words, "N-no, I-its fine I've done this plenty times on my own."
that once. Didn't go on date number three after that.”
John's head dipped and his hands fiddled with the pocket watch in his vest. "I....I can't.." he took a deep breath, "I can't play in front of others, Sherlock....I just can't..."
"Why do I even bother..." Sherlock mumbled grumpily, deciding now to scrap his plans. Already there were several mothers eyeing him suspiciously and he scooted down the bench an inch.
"Bodies?...Son, are you right of mind?" The man glared at his hand and his face twisted, "That whiskey could be the cause..." he continued and proceeded to take the roll of bandages from John's grasp.
"Mycroft!"
More than anything he wanted John to apologise for what he did, why should he be the one to do it first? But as the anger started to die down in his system, and his brain started to boot up and replay yesterday's events, John did kind of cover him. More than anyone had ever done in regards to standing up for Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock attempted to close the drawer he was currently destroying but gave up and decided instead to wrap himself around the smaller and warmer body that remained on the floor. "Too much has happened in such little time" he sighed, running his nose along John's jawline.
"Every war is, John. No matter what great titles and merit you try to place in front of it."
John paused. Looking at him with pain in his eyes before he turned to walk away once again.
05:00
"So are you going to tell me what it is, or not?" When he received no reply other then incoherent mumbles, John threw up his hands and stalked to their bedroom, closing the door behind.
John chuckled and shifted in his seat to face her better, "You're lucky I'm a crippled and unemployed veteran, Mrs.Hudson, or I would have snatched you up." He joked.
"I-I can't do it." He mumbled, taking a deep breath as he tried to slow down his over-beating heart.
that the red headed man that bribed me with money to get information of you, and then walks into this flat steering you away from this case is your brother."
"Funny. There's no pay amount or availability requirements anywhere in this page."
and…?
"Oh..."
Dressing was always a tedious chore for the prince. On many different occasions he would protest, saying instead that he was quite capable on dressing himself. His mother ended up ignoring him, getting Micheal Stamford to take on the position. Micheal and Johnuin had known each other since they were children; Mike’s father holding the same position for the King, many years before.
Four hours he waited; the orange glow from the sun casting the sky in a hazy pink and purple hue, before deciding to head back to the castle.
Sherlock stopped mid fold and turned to face the doctor, "
"You've changed, is all. Haven't seen you this content about life since back from the war, John. He's done you wonders."
“So you’ve just admitted you've been stalking me” John spat out.
"I hurt you..." he breathed, his lungs now burning.
John kept his eyes plastered to the ground but when silence lingered between the three of them, he snuck a glance up. Lord Holmes was eyeing him, pupils roaming up and down his body with slightly creased brows. John tired very hard not to blush under the awkward gaze, but failed.
“Whatcha say about skipping some classes?” John asked, maneuvering Sherlock gently so that he took all the weight off him and carefully walked to the back school doors.
"D'ya hear the news about Doe?" Mike started once the door closed behind him.
Once secured in his little sanctuary, Sherlock wasted no time pulling out his phone and texting up Lestrade.
"Three, John. Three pips."
“John you were a child, you didn't know….”
Jon settled his paper down on the table beside, "Quite well, now that you two are here and can help deal with the over-excited child in the room." He grinned. The musician, who now settled on the sofa, glared daggers in his direction.
clever indeed."
“They aren't bad, you know” Sherlock huffed, still standing stubbornly with his arms crossed.
John was off.
"Bloody hell, Watson you're drenched!" He commented, pointing at the sweat beading on his friends face. "If you weren't completely dry from the torso down, I'd say you ran the Sussex mail delivery." Mike chuckled and reached his hand out for a shake. John grinned at the comment, silently thanking his friend for the distraction as he complied and returned the welcomed gesture.
“Give. Me. My. Book. Back.”
“And you,” John replied.
The melody was sweet but also yearning as if portraying a journey through emotions. John just sat in awe, all form of jealously and ill-temper just flushed from his body and replaced with warmth. When the music ended he got up from his chair and joined the applause of people while the dark haired man bowed respectfully. John almost instantly caught Sherlocks eye and they stared at each other for several moments through the crowd of people before he removed himself from the stage and trekked toward their table. John noted the change of pace in Sherlock's stride and he quickly settled himself back in his chair.
"Lestrade, who's covering Murray?" Sherlock asked, ignoring the previous comment completely.
Sherlock nodded and rolled up the sleeves to his dress shirt before hovering over John, who was still seated on the toilet. "I may not have in my presence that of a degree in any medical field, but I do believe one must remove their shirt in order to treat a healing shoulder wound."
“M-may I ask what you both are doing here…?” Jacob rasped, forcing his voice not to crack as a sign of weakness.
in the family,” John responded, fake smile playing on his lips.
“No, of course not little menace,” she chuckled, “but with a little bit of work and time, we can create a flame so beautiful that even a dragon can appreciate."
“Exactly 5 minutes and 11 seconds.”
John cast an inquisitive glance before looking more closely at the note. Scanning it over several times, his eyes stopped abruptly and mouth dropped at the very small cursive letter he noted at the bottom right corner of the invitation.
John hobbled behind Sherlock who walked with such vigor and authority -  it was almost as if he were a ship; parting the sea of forensic workers and investigators littering his path. He wondered how he had never known this man before. It was as if fate brought them together, and he thanked whatever gods may be for his good fortune and luck. Thinking about how John had only just met this man last week - and already feeling as if he'd known him for years - felt odd but yet heartwarming.
"If you accept my job offer, John, I will not only offer you a slight form of income -  in which a quarter can go towards rent - but also a place to sleep."
Little Johnuin gasped and sat up in excitement, “Did you really, mum?!”
Surely he was rushing into things, of course. Having just only met the man the other day and already agreeing to both working with him AND moving into his flat. It seemed like a big jump. Alas, he eventually tried to reason with his brain and give in. The driver asking his destination threw him from his thoughts. "221B Baker Street, please." Even just saying it felt unreal to him.
"That would be highly unethical and biased, John. If I were to test out one of my experiments and something were to happen to me, I wouldn't be able to record the outcome."
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
"Good evening, Mr. Holmes, and his guest."
He placed some change on the table, gathered the scattered sheets of papers, and began the trek home.
your own. I care for you too much to put you in any danger, John. Which is why I agreed to Mycroft's suggestion as to you aiding in distraction while I locate our murderer. Please understand John, in no way did I wish to upset you!"
Sorry for the delay! I was just finishing up school and now that I'm finished I will hopefully have more time for updating!
“Oh, love,” Rosie giggled the endearment and went to grab his trembling hand, “These are my uncles assistants, Anthea and Reese.” She pointed to the two people who had now went back to their previous engagements.
“Is that a yes then?”
“Dr. Watson…” he squeaked.
"What?" The sandy blonde with greying flecks asked, after swallowing a mouthful of tea.
It was almost a year later when Mycroft came into to the cave where his brother lay nestled onto lavish pillows in human form when he uttered the words, “Moriarty is gone.”
"I would have to run it by-"
The detective froze and John mentally kicked himself at finally noticing the proximity of their faces. Sherlock turned his head and their eyes instantly locked on to each other. John's breath hitched in his chest and he could have sworn his companion stopped breathing entirely. It was almost as if a magnet took hold of his lips and he slowly gravitated to the other man's mouth.
Sherlock went to making himself an omelette filled with sliced ham, freshly cut parsley and cheese; the counters remained cluttered with dirty dishes and pans but was easily pushed aside into a stack whenever they got in the way. Of course, now that John was a mere little Hedgehog, any jobs around the flat were Sherlock's responsibility.......in other words, they never got done.
John pulled a face as if to ponder further at her question. After a while he shrugged with a grin, "No idea, who?"
John's fist was frozen at the door, just about to knock. Lord Holmes must have been a bloodhound in his past life, John thought, wondering how in the world that man was able to hear him approach.
He went back five days consecutively after that. The boy had still not come.
John chattered and rolled over on his stomach, turning so that his backside was in view. "Oh ple-"
, then go get it if it'll shut you up.”
"It's only a little bit of water."
Jacob chuckled but quickly shut up when he realized that Sherlock was dead serious. He cleared his throat before answering, “Well…I guess-“
“Dull.”
“I killed a defenseless person! My own sister for Christ sakes!”
“Ah, You must be Jake!” John called, dropping the paper bag in Sherlock's arms and walking over to the young man with an out-reached hand.
"Testing proves."
Sherlock counted to ten in his head before taking a breath and grabbing for his cup of water. “I told you to leave my affairs alone, Mycroft.”
what can we deduce from this?" Sherlock edged on.
“M-Mr. Holmes…D-Dr. Watson…”
When music class rolled around, Sherlock had his eyes glued to the door just waiting for a certain ex-rugby captain to walk through. It wasn't even ten minutes past the bell when a deep blue-eyed and sandy blonde head walked through the door and went straight to his seat in the back corner, clarinet case in hand.
"That this is not your concern, nor is this a case to involve yourselves in." A voice from behind startled John who spilt a little tea from his cup.
"Embarrassed then."
John chuckled and sipped from his glass of liquor, “Have you both picked a date yet?”
It felt as if he had just walked out of the pub after a few pints because his legs started to shake and his head began throbbing. Putting most of his weight on his cane, John went to the closest kitchen wall and leaned against it; droplets of sweat forming on his brow as his breath began to falter. Around him voices began to grow distant and the figure of Sherlock blurred before his eyes as the man rapidly examined every inch of the room. It was the voice of who he believed was Inspector Dimmock that cut through the white noise and a solid grab to his arm that was the last thing he remembered before everything went black.
"Lord Holmes wishes to speak with you."
"Fine!" Sherlock shot up and ran to the coatrack, grabbing his coat and securing his scarf around his neck. Once all done up, he snatched a grumpy and protesting John and placed him gently into his pocket. "If you won't eat this food, then we will find you some!"
, I am not
Lunch-time came and John headed over to weed out the gazebo out back, noticing Braddock on his hands and knees with a bucket of soapy water, washing the planked floors. "That enough, Braddock, take your break."
"I will be your lover, Sherlock Holmes." The name sounding like gold on his tongue, "Because there is no other place on this green Earth that I would rather be, nor any other person I wouldn't mind to spend my waking hours with."
Sherlock froze in his spot and then charged at his chair, forcefully grabbing the lapels of his brothers suit and pushing him back into the seat. "You did this to him." He seethed, eyes black from rage. Mycroft had tried to place a hand on Sherlock's wrist to calm, but the result left him sinking into the cushion further.
"Is it Christmas already?" John joked and flipped through the sheets, skimming their contents.
He was bored now, wasting his time occupying a child while he could be collecting more samples. Instead, Sherlock turned back to his collection so far and crossed out ‘Water’ from the list. He thought for sure that ignoring the problem would make it go away, but no; Johnuin snatched the list from his fingers, turning it around to read the letters scribbled on it.
~~~~~
Just as John was going to retort and push back, the door from above slammed shut and the sound of the violin started up again.
"Very well sir." Pater bowed his head before retrieving the menus and set off to the kitchen.
Lestrade raised his hands up with a grin, "Don't thank me yet, Mr. Watson." He rose from his seat and opened up his office door. Once John exited, Lestrade followed and went toward the stairs, "You can wait in the dining quarters, I'll come to get you if he requests an audience." With that, they sent each other a brief nod and John went to the dining area, taking a seat beside his new friend Molly.
"Mrs. Hudson?"
"The killer, John. I've found out our main killers initials!"
John and Greg’s wife were sat on the sofa just finishing up conversation while Rosie had already poured herself a glass of wine and was walking over to join them. Greg made their place known by extending a hand to the small mousy brown haired woman with the vibrant red lipstick. “That's my wife, Molly. Molly, this is the guy our Rosie's been head over heels for.”
"Very well."
“Brilliant…absolutely brilliant.”
' in your pocket." John's hand immediately went to the pocket watch. "I could say it was yours but by the slight tarnish on the cord, I say it was from a friend. You're too clean of a person to let anything go without care so it was given to you after the fact. Father's? Grandfather's? No, friend. And one that served time with you in the war. Easy enough by the fact that there is still caked on mud nestled in the crevices. Alive? No. Dead. It was the last thing he gave you before his passing. So tell me again, John Watson, am I still an amateur in the eyes of you?"
"Please."
Jake laughed darkly, “Ah yea, the usual. Is that even legal?”
“Well yeah, Sherlock. It seems reasonable since you didn't pay him for today. And let me remind you that this whole thing about recruiting him as your security-"
John's mouth formed a thin line and his left hand flexed angrily. Sherlock, who remained unfazed by the displeased doctor, set the book down after he was done and looked the doctor over curiously. "How was your sleep?"
“I might be paying you a visit before then,” Mycroft spoke up, fingers twirling the handle of his umbrella while the other tapped mindlessly on his phone.
. John's mouth went dry and his stomach churned; eyes viciously scanning the small paragraph before him. "Sherlo-"
He couldn't tell if Dr. Watson was touched by the speech or not but he nodded none the less and set the gun down on the table, “and you’re sure?…”
“Nothing,” Mycroft responded flatly.
"Can't be too sure."
"Who are you?" John hissed.
I want to apologize on the lateness of this chapter, life's been a roller coaster these past couple weeks and unpredictable to say the least. I don't know if the updating every Wednesday will remain, I might have to push it back to every Thursday just because my college schedule has changed.
Pulling out his phone, Sherlock didn't even hesitate to thumb over to Lestrade.
John bowed his head in apology and then returned to his task. Stepping outside into the gravel path once more, he fished his flat cap out from his jacket pocket and secured it on his head before beginning the long trek into town.
Sherlock just looked at it while his brain kicked back into gear, “You think I'm paying you today's wages after pulling a stunt like that?!”
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
John huffed a small sniff through his little nose which made Sherlock smile and place a kiss on his snout. "As your husband, I will take care of you and figure this out...worry not, John."
There was a hum of reply and Sherlock swept in placing a sweet and light kiss on John's cheek before turning around and walking back to the window, grabbing his violin. "Don't be out too long."
"I'm here, by the way, for a DNA sample of John's previous self."
Instead of searching his mind palace for a snide remark to dish out and build up his walls once more, there was a clearing of a throat from his left side. And not just any throat clearing…
“Don't mind if we do,” Greg grinned, pulling at Jake's arm until they both stood back in the sitting room.
Anderson then turned his and John's attention to the older man beside him. Davis looked around to be in his early forties with dark brown cropped hair and his outreached hand was also completely covered in dust and dirt. John took it with no hesitation. "Pleasure to meet you as well, Davis."
This made Sherlock a tad annoyed. Just a tad.
, he mentally wished he could communicate to her telepathically, to call her name and wish she could hear him back home,
“Sherlock, put your trousers on!”
“Mummy,” Harriet groaned.
In one corner of the large room, stood a beautifully crafted harp out of gold and Johnuin was so tempted to walk over and start playing before the festivities began. He did his rounds around the room instead, answering quick questions about seating and crowd control before being bombarded with Stamford once again to secure his gold crown and matching cape to his yellow ochre tunic.
"Oh please, John, don't give me that look. You're still hungry, once you eat you'll be in a better mood." He grabbed the shopping bag and removed the container of meal worms, popping the top and dangling the wiggly insect in front of his companions snout. John used his front feet to push back and away from the bug, turning his small head in detest. "John." Sherlock chided, bringing the bug closer, "just give it a try, you may like it." But John didn't comply, further attempting to wriggle out of his humans grasp.
“Bit not good for you is it, Jake?” John called, still seated on the armrest of the sofa.
Turning the latch and pushing the door open exposed the decorative and beautiful drawing room. John tried not to gape at the sight but must of failed when he noticed the smirk that rose on his employers face. Lord Holmes was sprawled out on a ornate cushioned love seat that was edged with gold trim and garnished with stitched in vines. His hair was now free from the cap he wore earlier and it sat like a curly black crown on his head.
“It's fine, Jacob. You’re just asking for her hand in marriage,” he mumbled to himself, inching closer to his goal. “They’ll be elated..” he tried to reason but his stomach dropped instantly, “...or try to kill you. Either way, they won't be at your funeral.”
I'm hoping that none of you hate him after this chapter for hurting Sherlock again. Don't worry, everything will turn out right! He knows what he's done is wrong and inexcusable but his actions are not his own, he's faced with demons that he is more than ready to fight, now that he's not alone!
“Shocking, isn't it? Learning the world doesn't revolve around you."
Ah. Stamford.
trip." The man slowly began walking in the direction of the car, stopping just a little in front of the driver. His lips folded in in a smirk as he pointed just below his own eye.
Silence.
The raven haired man's face softened as he accepted the gesture and shook his hand delicately.
"Fascinating." He heard and turned his head to be poked with several dark stray curls. John couldn't help but take a breath of the sweet smells that radiated off the musician.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don't be an idiot” Sherlock smiled and he saw John's cheeks colour at the remark but the grin not falter.
"Now, tomorrow we shall practise our duet."
“You know, I've never met your uncle.” Jacob voiced, reaching for both of their jackets.
John smiled and then reflexively stood up from his seat and wandered between Sherlock when Mycroft took a step forward. "Always, you know a cane does work wonders when wanting to bash someone's head in."
Sherlock had managed to slither closer to Johnuin's surprise, as he didn't even realize the other man's presence until he was almost five feet away.
Davis let out a laugh, "'Appens every year, these bloody bastards are always shootin' up from the ground all over the place. Bloomin' weeds is all they are."
A fond grin appeared on the man's face when he reached the table. "I welcome the complement John, however, we have more pressing matters to attend to."
It was not odd for Lords and Ladies to take on lovers, especially those of the same sex. In fact, it was pretty normal. At his last area of employment, the master of the house had one of his footman taken on as one, Timmothy was his name. He was a kind and considerate man who would talk on a regular basis about how his Lordship would treat him well. It was later on that their relationship bloomed and Timmothy was no longer a footman, but engaged to the Lord of the house. They were to be wed this spring before a sickness consumed the master and he passed away. Timmothy took over the house then, after it was turned over to him in the will. He decided to let go most of the workers as he had no need of them, and wanted them to move on. He had no issues in giving them all well deserved references before locking the doors of the house in a wave of depression.
John snorted and tried to follow his gaze, "Well, I guess you're rubbing off on me."
"Fantastic!"
“Well…” Yela began, eyes wandering the dark room until they fell upon the candle still flickering on her bedside table, “They offer up a flame.”
Mycroft snorted with little amusement and walked over to the bed, flipping the text book closed, “I won't ask again.”
“Oh? And what, pray tell, can you read from me?”
“Yes, love” the Queen asked, licking her thumb and running it over a dirt smudge just above her daughter's eyebrow. The act made Harriet cringe and pull away, but Yela tightened her hold until she was finished. “I'm all ears now, my love. What is it?”
Johnuin turned to him with a smile, “Very lovely indeed, Stamford. What have you brought for today?” Johnuin walked over to the four-poster bed, looking down at the rainbow of colour before him.
Sherlock ran out of the room in panic and began searching all the rooms, from John's old bedroom upstairs that now became his office, to all the way downstairs in Mrs. Hudson's flat.
Oooooo, what could possibly be the story behind John's painting I wonder...and Sholto, is that you?...
“Is this one taken?” Sherlock pointed to an empty seat, already setting down his paper filled binder and placing his book bag on the floor. The brown haired boy just eyed him before shaking his head and looking out the window.
The sound of moving leather was a signal that Sherlock shifted to sitting upright - and 'proper' - on the leather couch.
Jake eyed the three intimidating men each seated on a chair just looking at him and he tried very hard to hide the shudder that racked his body.  Mycroft was the first one to clear his throat as he pulled out his mobile, “You have a very interesting family Mr. Wesley, will we be seeing them at the wedding?”
Our 'Consulting Detective' will definitely be making another appearance in the next chapter :P
"'Scuse me?" John's eyes shot to other man, "You want to hear me play?"
Claps turned to thunder and a drop of water hit the tip of his nose. John's eyes blinked rapidly at the contact and his eyes whipped around the room. To his fearful eyes, the room began to blur and the familiar atmosphere of the war trenches engulfed his vision.
"If your going to kill me...." his voice raspy and dry, heart beating rapidly in his chest "do it now... and let it be quick."
"Having a bit of trouble I see?"
“Don't let the homeless look distract you. He's been in detentions more times then Sebastian Moran. And that's saying something.”
“Ah, welcome Mr. Watson. Now class, let us begin with picking out instruments. I want three of your choices written on paper and we will have a little session to pick which ones best for you.”
Sherlock scrounged through the mass after placing them all on their work desk.
As Sherlock rambled on his deductions the whole cafeteria quieted down and all attention was at their small table in the back. Instead of cursing and scowling, like others in his private school usually did, Jim simply grinned; eyes getting even darker and reptile-like. It made the hairs on the back of Sherlock's neck spike up, but he remained as calm as possible. Before he could react, his lunch was shoved off the table and the food scattered itself across the floor. Sherlock looked up from the mess to see Sebastian smiling widely at his accomplishment.
"It's just a bruise Mrs. Hudson, it will pass."
A little fluff for whatever happens tonight in the season finale of Sherlock.
Reaching for his cane, John ventured on toward the staircase until his eyes travelled to the standing mirror in the corner. He stared at his reflection with distaste; examining over his worn and tampered frame and up to his tired and sickly pale face that looked like death itself. He cursed the dark circles under his eyes - marking the incident of last night and the battle trophy of yesterday - and his tosseled hair.
“I'm Greg, by the way” the boy beside him spoke up and Sherlock's attention was once again returned to him, “You can just call me Lestrade.”
"Why weren't you enlisted anyway? If you don't mind me asking."
"I promise."
John bristled beside him and Sherlock couldn't help but stare adoringly at him.
Hair.
Lestrade walked over, hands in pockets and grabbing a notebook and a pen, "Sebastian Moran, never heard of him. I'll head over to the yard and check some of the filing cabinets - see if I can pull anything up."
"John, that's really nothing to be embarrassed about. What have you found? Hm? Let's see, now." Sherlock held out a hand, waiting for the papers.
“You're taking me to your flat” Sherlock stated matter of factly, sneaking a glance in his prereferral to see John open his mouth then close it.
A door slam from downstairs caused John to jump in his seat, waking him from an unpleasant memory. He quickly grabbed his cane and made to stand himself up just before Sherlock barged through their door with a stack of papers in hand.
don't have a job, John."
When he appeared before the coffee table, small plate in hand and a bead of sweat threatening to slide down his brow, John was still seated on the open book - unamused.
"M-my..." John stopped mid sentence in thought. What was he? More importantly, what was Sherlock Holmes? His working companion? Employer? Just the 'flatmate'? He sure as hell wasn't a friend of the consulting detective, that much he knew. But yet it caused John to stutter and contemplate his role in this new scenario. These thoughts were eventually cut off by none other than..
John sighed and nodded solemnly, eyes baring into the white tablecloth.
Without even bothering to turn his gaze, Sherlock had smiled widely with a fake and eerie grin, not even reaching his eyes. The baritone reply was so unsettling that it still haunts Jacob to this day as he tries to relax at night.
Sherlock nodded, following suit before he grimaced at the thought of Mycroft’s reaction to his absence. He had completely lost track of time spending his evening with his new acquaintance.
“Your what?”
John stammered but went over to the detective, already getting a better view of the grotesque corpse.
"Did you give him the whole packet?"
Jacob shot out from bed, forgetting to wrap himself up in a dressing gown before running down the steps to the front door and unlocking it with shaking hands. A knock shorty after caused him to jump and he froze when two pairs of bright eyes greeted him.
wat happened????
John narrowed his eyes at him.
John's head fell.
“You better, boy,” Siger sighed, grabbing his briefcase off the steps and walking past Sherlock, “Already had enough problems at the last school, can't afford to have the same at this one. I have a meeting late tonight, don't wait up. Your brother will be home soon.”
The next bit was unexpected.
Greg’s mouth shot open and his eyes widened after dodging a passing student who was running to the loo, “That's an all boys, isn't it? Bloody expensive I've heard too.”
“Yes, Lestrade” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes as he pulled the english books from his bag.
John cleared his throat, risking a glance at the other man who held a sort of playful grin on his face. He could have sworn the fire in the room raised the temperature even further, and he tugged at his collar a little, "I-I was wondering - that is, if your Lordship permits it - to start a compost barrel."
Sherlock sucked in a breath before the doctors mouth crashed into his own. It was like a building fire that started on his lips and trailed all the way to his stomach and John couldn't help bury his hands in the nest of curls to deepen the kiss.
Morning eventually arrived and John's left shoulder throbbed with an uncomfortable pain - growing each passing hour John lay awake during the night. After his nightmarish memory broke through the peace of yesterday, his body rejected him a well rested night yet again. It was a reoccurring theme in his life - being tormented by his past. Forcing his restless and overly tired body from his bed, he immediately set to dress himself. Walking to one of his bigger suitcases, John opened it and removed the clothing within it; laying all the pieces of worn and tidy fabrics on his bed. It took him several minutes to get himself dressed in a comfortable and smart looking white button up dress shirt and a dark grey tweed check waistcoat. He matched the coat with complementary dark grey dress pants and grabbed for his pocket watch, lacing the chain around the top button of his waistcoat, and placing it delicately in the front pocket.
Before even realizing what he was doing, Johnuin reached out his arm to the familiar stranger with a grin, “I would love to.”
Hope everyone had a fantastic holiday and enjoyed your celebrations, whatever you celebrate :)
John hummed in response and slowly closed his eyes relishing in the moment. It was of course short lived when Sherlock heard the sound of a rumbling stomach below him.
“I'm sorry” he whispered to the darkness.
"Is that better?" Sherlock asked between a forkful of egg.
"Only the best. What can I do for you, sir?"
"No bother" John grinned, maneuvering past the taller man to stand in front of Braddock. He grabbed the coat and held it out to Sherlock, "You better put it on." The other man did, but not without voicing his displeasure, "But what about you?"
"You're wounded in your leg possible gunshot wound with minor infection it seems, thus the cane." He pointed to the side of John. "I would say regular solider but you hands are still, very still. Worthy enough to carry around a weapon and scalpel. So I say war doctor. The way you talk and present yourself also has some merit, and form of command. But by the way you dress you're poverty stricken, resorting to any job you can find."
Braddock's smile fell from his face and he proceeded to get back to the task at hand, "Yes Mr. Anderson."
Jim wasn't happy with the sarcastic response and just growled at the comment. The room grew uncomfortably quiet all except for the sound of a plastic chair being scraped across the floor. Sherlock followed the movement with his eyes and watched as John Watson stood from his seat without a care, closed the large textbook before putting it under his arm, and strode right out of the cafeteria.
. What I choose to say and not to say is my business alone and none other. I told you I would take the case and I-"
John arched an eyebrow, "What d'you mean?"
John deflated a bit, giving an understanding nod before meeting his superiors eyes once more. "I understand, sir. But please, I must go into town to buy proper working supplies for my men."
"So how long have you been coming here?" John asked, putting all his weight on his good leg as he rested his cane against it and grabbed for a cookie, trying to mimic his guest's eating.
"You had an event tonight. Mike told me to come and get you. You know, so you couldn't make up another excuses about not having a lift to get there and such."
Her sincere laugh echoed in the small room as she placed the small tray on the side table. "Now, now Dr. Watson, I'm way too old to be wooed by a charming young man, such as yourself."
“Oh! I know where those are!” Johnuin smiled, running deeper into the forest to return not even three minutes later with a handful of them. Sherlock took them carefully, giving them a sniff until a corner of his mouth lifted in a tiny grin.
The queen rose quickly from her spot and scanned the tree line of the woods before bringing her attention to Harriet once more, “How far did he go?”
When John returned, he had a small vial in hand with a cork secured in the lip. He pulled it off and then dipped a finger in, smearing it over the red blotch that was starting to blister.
!" There was red before his eyes, clouding his mind and conscience. It took only a few seconds before the ragged intakes of breath and shallow gasps brought him back to reality. His legs shook violently and he released his hold, eyes going wide in realization.
"I know a Lestrade." He said flatly, handing the sheet back to the young boy, and readjusting his long coat. "Greg's his first name...?" He questioned, as if talking to himself. "Dull name. Anyway John, I must go now, businesses calls. I look forward to signing on our agreement."
Sherlock, who had now taken to wrapping an apron around his waist and prep a salad, shot a glance at him, “Fine. What does my well being have to do with you?”
He didn't even realize that Mrs. Hudson entered the room until there was a shattering of glass just by the doorway.
“Please find seats, children” Miss instructed, before having to catch the bright red apple that was tossed her way.
Another chapter next week after the 'East Wind' graces us  :D
“Guess we’re even then,” Sherlock tried to lighten the mood with a grin.
"Of course..." John sighed and removed himself from the bench, hobbling over to the window, looking out onto the London streets.
"After that noise?! Of course I am! Now what in God's good name are you doing?!"
"John."
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated. <3
“Of course you two must have. I ask in regards to protection, Mr. Wesley.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorted but quickly attempted to hide his smile by biting his lip. The action made Sherlock grin.
“Of course it will work, I've planned it all out. Now be quiet and wait for your cue.”
"The game.." Sherlock whispered, voice husky and warm against his mouth. "..is on.."
"Your flatmates name was in the post, you were aware of that, yes?"
Just as Jacob reached the first step, the door flew open and Mr. Holmes himself stood regally at the threshold, hands plastered on his hips.
, John thought.
When arriving at the small cottage-esque house outside central London, the environment itself loathed to match the quaint exterior that acted as a decorated set to the 'tragic play' which took place. John's stomach turned but was quickly snapped from his thoughts at a voice calling from the side garden, "My, my its Sherlock Holmes. Given up music already now that you're running to and fro with a retired soldier at your beck and call? Must've been a while since I seen your name in the papers, or do you plan on playing at the banquet?"
Johnuin frowned in confusion and turned to be faced with those familiar ice blue eyes, this time covered in a black and richly decorated mask. There was only a second for Johnuin to realize his mouth was gaping before a deep baritone voice started.
"Jobs." Sherlock said flatly.
Greg turned to the tea stained work of art. "That bloody thing you commissioned for? THAT, the reason you were laying like a dead-beat over there!" Greg shook his head and drilled his fingers into his temples, trying to process the actions of his friend.
"The drunk." He decided and his eyes shot to his feet.
"John...John! Where are you going?" Sherlock asked, looking up briefly from his recent composition still in the works to notice the army doctor pulling on his long brown woollen coat.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
“Alright, games over. Let him go.” John's voice was dark. Very dark. Sherlock had never heard such a commanding tone from the other boy before. It was exhilarating.
There was silence in the room as his answer and Sherlock sighed, stopped his busy hands, and got up front his seat, turning to face his dragon brother who looked none too impressed. “What do you want, Mycroft” he tried again.
The bed was empty.
When he blotted as much of the tea as he could, Greg balled up the towel and threw it to the end table beside john. "There was something on your door. Must've missed it when you came it." He walked to his coat, reaching into the inside pocket and pulling out a folded letter. He unfolded it and set it in Johns lap before walking to the window and opening up the curtains.
The silence in the classroom was drawn out until John zipped up his tattered book-bag and slung it over his shoulder while proceeding to the door. Sherlock wasted no time, stepping in front of the shorter boy and using the hands on his hips to gain a wider advantage. John looked none too pleased and frowned up at him, attempting to maneuver around before he was blocked again by the arrogant curly haired kid. “Get out of my way. Unless you want more bruises to go along with the ones you're already wearing...” he warned, fists already balled at his sides.
A smirk played on his lips. "Thank you."
"Hello! Welcome to Pet Pavilion, sir. Will you be needin' any assistance today?"
"John, I-"
"Nonsense, John! I told you when you came back from your outpost after the war finished that this would be the perfect opportunity to go back to the way life was before that blasted thing!"
John's fists clenched at the memory and mentally shook his head. "You know that wasn't my fault.." he mumbled.
Sherlock looked at the door and then turned back to John, leaning in slightly “John I-"
Johnuin hummed in agreement, eyes slowly closing as he listened to the steady beat of his mother’s heart, “Did you know any dragons, mum?”
221b was still standing by the time they slowly made their way to the curb just out front. Rosie had told Jake all sorts of stories about how her father, Sherlock, would spend days on end testing chemical compounds and reactions. ‘I'm surprised he hasn't blown up the flat yet’ she would laugh, relaying the one time when 221b was in fact destroyed - thanks to a certain someone whom she refused to name.
"So....is it a full time thing or..?"
"And Watson?"
Johnuin gaped once again. This man was amazing…he was astounding…he was “Brilliant…”
“But that's the thing isn't it, you can't. You just let other people do it for you. That's all I am to you isn't it, meat. Meat to be thrown around and bend to your every will because you can't do it yourself! I thought I was maybe your friend…”
Sherlock's hands shook from the pain that started in his chest and the feeling of his stomach twisting in knots. He tried to keep his steely demeanor but he must have faltered long enough for the boy across from him catch it and only aided in his smile deepening.
Sherlock chuckled gripping his abdomen from the pain shortly afterward, “You're not wrong. Welcome to my house, John.”
"It's ok, Mr. Watson, no need to fuss."
“Johnuin!” She called again, but was faced with the deafening silence around her. Yela walked along the perimeter of the water as the sun began to set and the world around her slowly changed to night.
Mycroft sighed but let Sherlock be, closing the door behind him with a soft click. Sherlock heard the retreating footsteps down the stairs before tapping the play button on his mobile for Bach to continue.
The smile dropped and John froze.
"Fancy seeing you here, Molly." He smiled.
"I need those!"
John was trying to be coy, Sherlock noticed, his eyes remained in front of him and glued to his seat while the same steely glare remained on his face. He must've felt Sherlock's eyes bore into his very soul, but didn't even bother a glance his way.
"Yes."
It did strike John as odd though, when he really thought about it, how he never met that insufferable violin player from upstairs. Since joining the studio last month, never once did he run into the man or ask after him. Two complete strangers quite content with never acknowledging each other's existence.
Another week, another chapter. Enjoy!!
No response.
“They aren't awful until they rip apart your fair scales and parade them on their backs” Mycroft growled.
The final bell rang and Sherlock, joined by Greg, made their way to the main office. They had just turned the corner when they spotted John exit and Sherlock sped up his footsteps. “John!” he called and was just cast a quick look before John turned the other way and started walking.
Sherlock tried to maneuver past but was blocked immediately by a hip against the wall, “Away from you. But so far I'm having some difficulty.”
John, on the other hand remained seated with a dumb look plastered on his face.
Jacob swallowed loudly and lifted the bags still in his hands up while he slowly made his way to the kitchen entrance, “I-I'm just g-gunna put these in h-here…” It wasn't until he was out of eyesight that he collapsed against the counter and caught his breath.
"And Dr. Watson I presume you had a very - how shall I say it -
“So...ya hung up on me last night and I had to ask Molly what we missed. Thanks very much for that, by the way.”
We're those words of reassurance meant for him…or just the “I'm sorry, I'm so…so sorry…”
Sherlock scoffed snatching a ginger nut and took a bite, grabbing the earbud and placing it in his ear to ignore his brother once again.
Sherlock let out a choked hollow laughter before rearranging himself to a seated position on the chair, "Clearly you've all gone daft if you're allowing me this small pleasure. Examine but don't test." he parroted, "Like giving a child candy."
(Its a shorter chapter, so my apologies for that >.< )
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
It took a moment for John to come back to reality before he turned back to Mrs. Hudson and his stomach fell at the sight. He saw her eyes widen and pinpoint an area on his face and a  hand going up to cover her somewhat gaping mouth gave John the answer for her actions.
“Have a good time!” John called out as the couple skipped down the steps and out into the cool London air.
"I'm going to go grab a seat in the back. Hollar if you need anything." Mike turned on his heel and stopped at the door, hand grasping the handle as he turned his head. "And John," he called back "good luck, mate."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and caught the look of annoyance on John's face before he turned around to face non-other than Jim Moriarty. The dark black eyes of the other boy grew predator like as if he was planning this moment all morning. Irene stood beside him; chewing gum snapping between her teeth, with Wilkes on the other side - a dumb look on his face.
“Ah, what a turn of events, Sebastian.”
John smiled, pressing his cheek into the juncture of Sherlock's neck and planting a light kiss. "Sounds nice."
When the four boys were seated, Stamford took the opportunity to begin, “What in gods name happened out there, boys?”
"I will accept the system you wish to set up in regards to your soil issues, however, I am not in need of a garden, Mr. Watson."
. He thought, eyes narrowing and fingers curling as the man approached the car. He had red hair, neatly gelled back and dawned a well tailored - and quite posh - three piece suit. In his hand rested a long black umbrella that John immediately took in as a weapon.
Fear.
Ping.
Sherlock nodded.
His adoring look didn't last too long before Sherlock was pulled from his sights; in order to get on dry clothes and warm up by the fire in his room. So John went to his own quarters, removing his drenched attire to put on a very loose cotton shirt and brown trousers. He wrapped himself in several blankets and then fetched a book from his small collection.
Sherlock had made sure to take his fixed up bike to school that morning, deciding instead to avoid any further interruptions from his brother. With his book bag secured on his back and the important parcel within, he took no time at all making his way to the familiar house he arrived at just yesterday. He followed the map secured within his mind palace and counted the seconds between each intersection before arriving at the flat which he only assumed could be John Watson's.
.............
“Fine.
Before any of them could open their mouths, Rosie walked back into the room and reached for her bag, “Ready to go, love?” she winked at Jacob who just nodded eagerly and stood up to grab his coat without pause.
Sorry for a bit of a late upload; currently in the process of getting a cat and having college work on top of that! But alas, here's another chapter! Enjoy!
The powder. What was it exactly. There must have been something he missed.
Ok! All seriousness this time - new chapter next week!
Standing in the kitchen over a - now broken - glass vial, stood Sherlock. His face dawning odd looking spectacles to cover his eyes, and a cloud of smoke raising from the base of his feet and clouding up the kitchen.
John snatched the sheet and held it out to view it properly and raised a brow, "What exactly am I looking at?"
Greg just eyed him with a frown, “That means alright, yeah?”
“Never heard of it.”
"Ah, John. You made it."
“As long as you keep you head up and mouth shut you’ll do fine,” Harry winked before adding, “You’re nineteen years old now, Johnuin, so sadly you need to give up your fantasy embellished mind and the thought that dragons might actually exist.”
Jim knew something was up. And he was taking every opportunity to zone in on that hint of discomfort. Sherlock's eyes narrowed through each deduction until the bell rang and he was off to music class.
An annoyed huff came from the musician as he plucked the paper from the doctors hand and scrawled with his pen on it, returning it to his fingers. "There."
Mycroft eyed the silent and sweaty man at the other end of the table, “No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It would be a change. Definitely a change. John would be allowed in the main house full time, would be given a proper room, would be allowed to sit and eat with his Lordship when guests weren't about the house. But his livelihood would change....no more outdoor work or major manual labour....no more 'John Watson'.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Bloody Mycroft.
"John Watson?" The man asked, after walking over to the table and outreaching a hand.
(I'm probably not accurate in military enlisting things during that time, so my apologies. But remember: I'm not trying to be historically 'correct' *this is just for fun and getting my ideas out there* XD)
“Background check and so-on-so-forth,” Sherlock responded flatly, “the usual.”
His thoughts were broken as the empty chair across from him was pulled back and a curly haired musician sat down. "John."
Sherlock gently snatched John out from his pocket and noticed the tear welled eyes that had blurred the ocean blue in them. His face fell and without even a second thought nuzzled his little husband before taking him into the restroom and laying him down into the water so he was a floating ball of spikes. Sherlock remained silent as he gently soaped him up and scrubbed him off, dabbing at John with a towel when he was finished and then just sitting on the toilet seat, with knees up and John sitting atop them.
Sherlock hummed in response and John's eyes fluttered closed.
“I've got a reputation to keep up, Cheekbones. Even a
"Ashamed?" John voice rose a little before he noticed the look on his visitors face, and cleared his throat, lowering it again. "No I'm not 'ashamed'."
"All is forgiven." He heard in response and watched as the man grabbed his cane at the side of the bed, handing it to him and then proceeded down to the second floor.
Outside, stood a short and stout man with greying hair and a kind smile plastered on his face. “Thanks, love” the man smiled appreciatively at his husband, maneuvering the paper bag in his hold before raising on his toes to plant a kiss on the taller man's lips. “Is he here?”
It took a while, but Yela was forced to co-operate and went back through the darkened woods toward the castle. Her world was slowly falling apart - images of her son being lost or worse… dead, flooded her mind - it wasn't until they reached the castle perimeter that she heard a small voice calling after her. Yela froze, turning back to the forest when she spotted a little golden head running toward her amongst the darkness.
in fact, and Sherlock couldn't help it but let his feet guide him forward until he was standing behind a group of nobles, several feet away from the bottom steps.
John laughed a that, catching a glimpse of a smile on the others face before rubbing at the back of his head; eyes wandering the room.
When Sherlock remained silent - just staring - the little golden boy just smiled at him and carefully trekked over to him, boots caked in mud, “Can you speak?”
John's eyes widened and he hobbled quickly, grabbing the parcel carefully with his left hand and tucking it underneath his arm. "T-thank you." He breathed a sigh of relief. A raising of an eyebrow came from the young man and he bowed his head before turning on his heel and leaving.
Sherlock has a small victory and drama ensues.
Sherlock was just about to take a step closer when a blaring horn sounded from behind him. The teen jumped; being so concentrated on the house up front that he didn't even hear a car pull up behind him.
A sliver of purplish and recently bruised skin that barred a mark only a hand could make.
“Well, your…..” Greg fell short and Sherlock couldn't be bothered to care, instead of taking the time to examine the picture of John Watson stored in his mind palace. “Oh, Christ…” Greg muttered, shuffling beside and causing Sherlock to look up and roll his eyes, “What is it now, Lestra…de….”
The woman's eyes shot up from her phone and soon both of the terrifyingly silent people were now chuckling amongst themselves. Jacob felt himself blush instantly and turned to Rosie for some sort of guidance or reassurance. What he found, however, was his soon to be wife hiding her pleasant smile behind her hand.
A smirk played on the detectives face as he rested his chin on his hands, "Continue"
“John I-“
“It's elevated. I've also noted the dilated pupils. I expect you think that the heart may be a mystery for some, but the chemistry is rather simple and very destructive…” he purred  “Wouldn't you agree, your majesty?”
"I hurt you like I hurt everyone else! I'm a murderer Sherlock Holmes! A bloody murderer!"
"Can't believe we forgot it here" he chuckled.
During dinner, John was seated between young Braddock and a young maid by the name, Molly Hooper. Molly was quite shy in the beginning, but once John cracked some jokes and told her some tales of his past employers, she warmed up to him rather quickly. When the table was cleared, they all rose once again to Lestrade's departing words of 'goodnight'.
Without another word, Lestrade walked into the room and held the door as John passed through and proceeded down the servants stairs and out the servants door. It was time he best get started on his new project...even if he was slightly disappointed about the other.
Everyone remained silent.
John gave a humourless laugh, “That's the whole point, you don't do anything! You sit and you wait to get beat up. Defend yourself!”
John scanned over reds and purples, dark greens to light blues until they stopped at a yellow ochre tunic with the emblem of a sun stitched out on the chest, “This one will do.”
Sherlock marched over, snatched the parchment from the narrow fingers and scanned over it furiously. John looked on and twiddled his thumbs with budding tension spreading through his stomach.
Johnuin froze in his spot, causing the taller man to pause; hands still clasped together and resting on his waist. “What about it…”
"Thank you very much, Mr. Watson. I'm just going to trim the hedging out front."
"Christ, Sherlock." John massaged his temples fiercely and proceeded to the bathroom, giving up once again to deal with the difficult man.
"The one on Dorcet?"
Sherlock protectively cupped John in his hands, "First of all," he seethed, tongue spitting venom as he spoke, "John is NOT a
A large smile captured the woman's mouth as she opened the door wider and scooted to the side, offering the doctor more room to squeeze through. "I was told that Sherlock would be getting a new flatmate, but he never mentioned it was you!"
Sherlock took a second to get his thoughts in order but dug into his pockets to pull out the cash, dropping it in his palm. John looked at it then back at Sherlock, his brows furrowing. “I want today's as well.”
Sherlock remained silent.
"And you better be careful that you don't whistle sweet words to every other woman you meet, or they'll be lining up Dorset asking to be your wife."
Just as she finished her sentence, the chime to her phone went off and she beamed at her fiancée, “He's here!”
Sherlock's heartbeat picked up. He heard Jim's breath falter before a humourless chuckle left his mouth. “Sometimes one needs to result to older tactics. Thought ‘Lockie here would appreciate the sentiment.”
John snorted and licked his lip. "That's important?"
His Lordships lips twitched and he leaned further back in the coach, titling his chin higher, "I sense a tinge of attitude from your tone, Mr. Watson."
"And what would the reasons of having a compost barrel, Mr. Watson?"
"Just a little accident." He brushed it off bitterly, leaning against his cane. "It was my fault anyway."
“And you were looking so dashing, Harry.” Johnuin mumbled, rubbing at his sore cheeks.
John watched with a hint of disappointment tugging at him. "So where are you off to then?"
“I've not seen a soul other than Moran stand up to him.”
Dinner was a nightmare - and that was even putting it lightly. It was all too much meeting the whole lot and by the very end of it, after drinks and desserts, Jacob was already dead tired and picturing the soft fluffy pillow waiting for him at home.
Could he really do this? The whole doctor and caretaker deal again? After seeing the mass of disembodied and limbless soldiers that went through him almost every hour was overwhelming.
"Oh little brother, isn't this childhood spar a little passé for a man of your age and stature?"
“Why is he there? Is Sir Richard with him?”
"Really, Mycroft? Even a brain clogged of cake such as yours could have deduced my intent!"
"How do you know it was a murder? It could have been an accident for all we know."
“You didn't see a thing” John growled, “Got it, Cheekbones?”
"Why not?"
"Is John here?"
“A shed.” Sherlock's voice lacked any emotion.
He groaned at the contact and went straight for the man's long pale neck, peppering it with kisses and sucking at the pulse point. Sherlock was more than willing to offer up more, craning his neck back as to allow more access. John was more than willing to oblige.
“Did Mycroft pick you up?”
Sherlock hummed in reply and then sat back up in his chair, leaning forward and steepling his fingers under his chin. With each sip that John took, his eyes narrowed more and more and John's widened because of it.
big of a deal in his opinion, he never had a ‘growing up’ party. Especially when he had just turned twenty five years almost a month ago!
“I…..I didn't know that it was real….and I-I shot her…..shot my own sister…”
Boy. So the stupid little human didn't even recognize the skin coloured scales covering the tops of his hands. He would have to practice his magic, so that every scale would be covered before his twenty-fifth year.
Sherlock nodded stiffly at the question and grimaced at the throbbing pain in his chest.
“Sorry, Greg.”
"Afternoon, Molly." He grinned and went to place his cap and coat on the rack beside the door.
"John!" Mike called and outreached a hand for a shake.
“So you came from where?”
Class was dismissed early and taking a look at his timetable once more, he ventured toward the music class: 221b, with Greg on his tail.
It was over. Thank bloody hell its over.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't torment me.." John replied, other hand subconsciously drumming against his thigh.
"Since the dead buds and picked flowers and weeds are just thrown in the forest out back anyway, I was thinking instead we should set up a compost system. That way, we can have richer soil for turning over next spring."
There was a deep chuckle from behind them and not even a second later Sherlock was turned around to be faced with Jim's muscle, Sebastian Moran. “Seems like someone’s added to the canvas, eh? New bruises to match the old.”
Sherlock's eyes darted and he took a breath to keep his composure intact. "Busy."
"Experiment." Sherlock replied, emphasizing the 'T'.
"And neither am I. If I am to be charge of you and the other outdoor staff, I require them to function at the best of their ability. Therefore they should be able to work without suffering any injury to their hands. As you well know, Anderson, that hands are the most important tool for a gardener and should be protected to last. These men need gloves."
"They're papers, John! Do be more observant."
Yela smiled down, giving him a squeeze before releasing him and grabbing Johnuin's arm, “There’s actually someone I would like for you to meet, she comes from the Eastern kingdoms and has travelled quite far to meet you.”
"No need to excuse yourself in front of me, Molly. You are clearly excited and it's lovely to see you so happy." John smiled fondly at her while trying to calm down from the news of Moriarty.
04:30
"Oh hello Mr. Watson!"
"I-I'm - I have to get going now..John...I-uh.. require John for a sample." Sherlock stammered, slowly backing up and heading toward the park.
"Yes. As in two people who enjoy each other's company, and need to relieve stress, escape their homes for several hours. I have a place in mind."
"Merci, Stephano. Now, I do hope that it's the usual?"
"But three days?! Are your petty scientists that useless that they need three days to put him back to normal?" Sherlock practically tread holes in the floor, pacing angrily.
"Good choice."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Watson."
“E-excuse me? Who is this?”
"What can I do for you?"
Exactly four hours later.
Then he noticed it.
“You wanted to prove your cleverness. Shame. Your GPA’s nothing to write home about, she was right.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. "We're here."
"Did that idea come to you before or after you were going to propose a vegetable garden?"
I'm sorry its such a short chapter this week x.x I've been super duper busy! Hope you enjoy anyway :3
His father.
“John often says that. Conversation. If nothing comes of it rather than dull pleasantries, what's the point of it.”
John laughed again and Sherlock felt his chest warm from the sound. What he would do to hear that noise again.
"Precisely, doctor. I knew there was something different about you."
“Hey Holmes” the boy smiled crookedly.
John pulled a fake gasp and feigned taken aback, "I beg your pardon, sir."
(See the end of the chapter for
The boys left the building together chatting away and completely ignoring the fact that Greg still remained standing awkwardly in the hallway. He had heard the whole thing.
Sherlock frowned, hanging up his coat and turning to John, "I thought that was rather obvious."
John froze, pistol still in his grip and midway rolling up a sleeve on his checked shirt. “Pardon?”
“And then there's your pulse...”
Mycroft poked his head in and casually looked around the room, eyes finally falling on his little brother. Sherlock had hoped he wouldn't notice the small forming of a purple bruise just below his left eye - or the way his white dress shirt was rolled down on the cuffs to cover the hand print on his wrist. Of course he couldn't trick his brother. This was Mycroft Holmes - the man with the same talent of deduction; his teacher as a matter of fact.
John had just finished tying up the white bow tie around his neck when he heard the familiar voice of his flatmate call him from downstairs. He went to his bedroom door as quickly as possible and carefully maneuvered down the flight of steps to be breathless at the sight before him. Dressed in an all black dinner suit with tail and hair that was prim and neatly gelled back stood the consulting detective. His blue-grey eyes rushed over John before fixing themselves on his eyes.
Greg groaned and let his head hit the desk, “Yup.”
Yela had just turned around in time to notice the small girl trip over her skirts and fall to the ground, landing head first in a pile of mud. “Oh my dear!” She called, rushing over and wiping the dirt from Harriet's face with her skirt.
The robe was pulled tighter around the lithe frame.
, John thought.
John groaned and shot the taller boy a look, “First off, I'm not your ‘
Sherlock just shrugged, arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against the sink beside his acquaintance, “There has to be something we can do to make them stop.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He's clean” a deep voice answered, carrying a tray of biscuits and three cups of tea, setting it on the table.
“Sherlock….”
"Molly, how are you this fine morning?"
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you again for the biscuits and tea." As he turned the handle of the door and stepped out halfway, he turned his head to the tall man at the base of the staircase. "Will you be in tomorrow?" He asked; his confidence overwhelming him once again.
Upon entering his first class, Sherlock caught the frown on Lestrade’s face as he made his way to his seat. He did his usual routine, pulling out his binder and group of pens, before sitting down.
She eyed him skeptically.
The nod alone was a signal of slow acceptance. It was a show of hand that Jacob never thought he would receive, and when he turned to face Rosie who was cooing over the love of her parents, he knew that he did the right thing. Regardless if he's been through hell and back trying to deal with the two men - even getting a gun to the face - Jacob knew one thing…
"Very well." John smiled and then turned to his seat before the others started to flood in. Once Lestrade walked in, everyone rose from their seats in an orderly fashion until he raised his hands for them to be seated.
"Pianist." John shot back with a cocky grin and wink.
"You know I met someone the other day. His name started with an M."
"Sh'lock-" he moaned, smooth and plush lips tracing down his neck to the elevated pulse point, beating with desire. Once they found the marked target, Sherlock sucked the spot lightly and ran a hand down the doctors chest, to the tent in his trousers. John couldn't help but buck up a bit to gain much wanted pressure from the musicians hand.
on your clothes, let alone the hickey on your nape. Coat collars and scarves can only cover so much -"
He was beat. John knew he was right. Of course he was, living in London was his dream; and if he wanted to continue and try to make a decent enough man of himself, he would have to make this work.
The phone began to ring making John jump in his chair, and Sherlock grabbed it quickly while remaining silent. John watched him with concern as he hung up the phone after several minutes.
Sherlock sighed in annoyance but set the dish down none the less and huffed across the table at the little man who caused this whole problem.
, James. Another call like that and you’ll be sent to the headmaster.”
"Ah yes. I remember you."
Sherlock couldn't wrap his mind around the whole situation. Why did John take this kind of abuse? Why hadn't he run away?
There was nothing. No response, no padding footsteps to be heard behind the door. Zilch.
Sherlock shook his head, “Irene.”
Another Wednesday, another chapter.... <3 ya!
Sherlock eyed John but then went back to glaring at Mycroft, "Not without good reason I-"
Sherlock nodded his head toward the approaching waiter with a grin and John turned his head, giving a knowing smile. "Perfect timing."
John chuckled and walked up to the desk, leaning against it with one arm, "And what has happened this exact day to make it a good one?"
“They did do damage.”
“Hello?”
"Yes. It was from an M."
John snorted but his face stayed the same - emotionless. “Yea. I did. Now, I think I get my thanks” John held out his hand.
"Y-you were at the pub last night!" A confused narrowing of eyes forced him to continue, "I was the...the...." his mind raced. Tell the truth or lie? He didn't know this man, why would he pour out his problems.
John took it with a small grin while absorbing his surroundings.
John paused, turning toward the other man.
"And so you should be." Sherlock marched over to the buffet table and scooped in two teaspoons of sugar into a cup, before adding the dark liquid. John assumed it was either tea or coffee.
"Three more days?!"
"Sherlock.." he sniffed, and was reaching to wipe his eyes when needy lips crashed amongst his own.
John had to swallow the mass that had blocked his throat before reminding himself to stand up straight, placing his hands behind his back.
Sherlock muttered curses under his breath before turning to stare daggers back at his annoying brother. Sherlock couldn't possibly cause a scene outside of John's house - lest he blows his cover - so it only agitated him more that stupid Mycroft opened his big fat mouth and shouted his name so the whole street could hear.
John smiled at Molly before following behind.
Her face didn't buy the excuse one bit, but she accepted it with a small nod and he thanked her profusely in his head. Once things were properly loaded either in the stove to keep warm or the fridge, a deep baritone voice reverberated through the small space causing Jake to freeze.
"Well....." Sherlock hummed jokingly in thought.
Jonathan Doe held quite a position at The Strand Magazine - although his name to many was not one that stood out or was known very well. The majority of people who did know him, however, were those who used and needed the paper for as much publicity as possible. Of course John was one of them.
“Wow” Johnuin said with interest, “I've never seen writing like this before.”
Sherlock turned his head and grinned at the tidy blonde head beside him.
There was something about mending and keeping vegetable gardens that always seemed to please him. Maybe it was the solitude of being able to tend to it on ones own, or just the idea of watching hard work turn into something so beneficial as food. Either way, John would have to approach these two subjects during different times, as he was still unaware how his lordship would take to such things.
"He's been in a sulk for hours; either playing the violin or blowing up another vial from doing whatever he gets up to. Sort him out, would you?"
quite a common occurrence with you, Jacob?”
Jake took a deep breath to calm himself, trying desperately not to crack his knuckles in frustration.
people."
"Sherlock that was fantastic! Amazing! I knew you could play, but not like that."
Sherlock let his feet carry both him and Johnuin into the forest, going deeper and deeper - not even taking a second to let memories wash over him of their first meeting as he passed the silver pool.
"Holmes for God's sake-"
"Watson." He heard Lestrade call over. John straightened up, brushing the lose dirt from his trousers.
Sherlock had made sure to plaster a smile on his face before saying, "Excuse me, I was wondering if I might have a grape?" Embarrassment pitted itself in his stomach and he felt like a complete idiot. The child blinked up at him, clear blue eyes hinted with confusion. Instead of even bothering to ask, the small boy popped another grape in his mouth, still watching the strange man who sat on the bench beside him.
"Of course."
He heard his mother and sister scream and call his name before Johnuin’s eyes popped open, registering his surroundings. The crowd went wild; bodies scrambling for an exit while cries and a sound he could not place, shook the room. Moriarty has proven his point about childhood fairytales as one stood in the centre of the ballroom now, reaching so high it almost touched the ceiling.
"Well, anyways, let's get you home, Watson."
"Are you so positive in your deductions, Mr. Watson?"
Molly blushed at the praise and her expression shifted, taking the time to reconsider.
"I have a proposition for Lord Holmes."
Great.
“Greg! I thought you were going to be late?” Dr. Watson.
Just a little note: My apologies that this is a short chapter. I unfortunately had to rush this one because I've been busy and haven't had enough time to write. I just wanted to make sure you all had an update this week, so hope you enjoy it! :)
John chuckled at the tone, "D'you know you are the very first person I know who complains about getting more than what you pay for. AND," John pointed at him with a grin, adjusting the serviette on his lap, "and, about food, for that matter."
John sucked in a breath and turned to face his employer, standing up taller and ready to defend his position. "It would be beneficial to the cooks and your money, my Lord!"
Mycroft was growing intolerable and Sherlock was getting even more frustrated. "Myc-!"
Sherlock was smitten, too smitten and it shocked him how much of a crush he had developed just by spending time with John.
"You are too kind, Mrs. Hudson. That would be lovely." He responded and proceeded to the back room, closing the door behind him. The room smelt a little musky and damp, as if it hadn't been used in several weeks.
It felt like several hours had passed before she heard the rusting of grass behind her as footsteps approached, “My lady!” a voice called from behind.
"John, JOHN"
"Holmes." Sherlock responded, removing his leather gloves and stuffing them in the pockets of his flowing coat.
“It's ok, John” Sherlock whispered, placing his chin atop John's head.
"Well...it was planned a week ago but I just moved in yesterday..."
"That's enough!" Sherlock yelled, causing the doctor to jump and his glazed eyes locking onto his own. "John, what I said earlier, I did not mean to upset you." The doctor made to open his mouth, but Sherlock blocked his speech, raising a finger to his lips, "You are not weak, nor are you ruined. You are a kind and resourceful man that I hold deep respect for! I know you did not mean to hurt me on any occasion - your mind is still wounded from war and your actions are
Johnuin took a breath, holding in a sigh at the knowing look his mother had given. He was nineteen now; expected to enter into the courting scene and find a spouse - specifically one of noble blood. Johnuin dreaded this moment the most; he knew he wasn't ready to find a wife or start a family. He wanted to train, to join the army or better yet, to test his skills and run the battalion.
“Are they here?” A voice from the kitchen grabbed his attention. Dr. Watson. The older man walked into the sitting room, wiping his hands with a dish towel and readjusting the sleeves of his green and blue plaid shirt. Once John caught sights of his daughter, he quickly walked over to give her a big hug.
John just looked up to him with his big blue eyes, crunching on a piece of cantaloupe while he lay on his back, cupped in Sherlock's hands. Before the boy left, he had made up a small serviette of leftover melon and grapes which he specifically said were for John. Sherlock had made sure to cross his heart and even broke off a piece, giving it to John to show off his loyalty.
Alone, in the confines of their usual shared room in the studio, the two men continued to practise for the day that loomed over their heads. Of course, John was well prepared in performing the song of choice, but that wasn't the cause of the growing uncomfortable feeling that plagued his stomach. It was the thought of others.
Mycroft adjusted his suit and rightened his trousers before producing a small vial and collecting the hair sample. "I will keep in touch bro-"
The numbering of 213a caught his eye as he made his way into the classroom and scanned the seats selectively. All of the young faces surrounding him were busy chatting and gossiping amongst themselves. Girls in pigtails and chewing gum blabbered amongst themselves after giving him an eyeful, and the boys just blatantly ignored him, deciding it was better to arm wrestle amongst themselves. Sherlock scanned the whole room until his eye landed on a seat right next to a tanned young man with dark brown hair and premature grey strands, who was sitting off in the corner and surrounded by empty seats.
"Knew what?"
John stood beside him; rugby jacket still on his shoulders and bookbag hanging from off his back. The medical textbook he always carried was held in one arm while the frown on his face deepened as he started at Moriarty. The one thing though, that Sherlock couldn't help but notice, was that John Watson's hair was actually styled. There was indeed product in it today and the amount of care was noticeable right away.
“What do you believe?”
“Uncle Lestrade!” Rosie called, bolting from her fathers arms and back into the sitting room.
"I live here now." John answered, confusion and shock still dawned on his face.
“I-I'm a lawyers assistant.”
Sherlock had enough. He walked up to John and grabbed hold of his shoulders in a tight grip, “Enough! You didn't kill her on purpose, it was a mistake! You cannot blame yourself for something that wasn't your fault!”
"But why must it be me?! Why must I be the distraction! Why can't I help you?" John boiled with anger and he gripped the handle of his cane harder. Oh. "It's because I'm a cripple isn't it?!" He rounded on the other man, charging over and bunching the man's collar in his grip to hold him steady. "Just because I have trouble walking does not make me any less capable of a man, Mr. Holmes. I was a soldier while still being a doctor, I've
With a small grin, John grabbed hold of the small bouquet he made the other day and twirled it in his fingers. They were still quite beautiful, regardless of their dwindling form. He tossed them back in the sack, silently chastising himself about neglecting to put them in water, and then reached for his watch once more.
"Nonsense Captain, you visited Mrs. Hudson's studio just two weeks past-"
There was a time for a quick breath before Moran walked up to Greg and slammed his fist down on the table. “Don't think we’ve forgotten about you, little bitch.”
The studio itself was run by an older, widowed woman who took the business after her husbands demise and created a space where artists could go and practice their talents for a reasonable price. With John only being confined to the space his flat gave him - and the dwindling contents of his bank account - the thought of ever purchasing a luxury, like a piano, never crossed his mind. And so he resorted to 'renting one out' for a couple hours each week to practice his skill and clear his mind.
Sprawled on the floor atop a pool of blood lay the body of Bill Murray, a fellow comrade and friend. His head was detached - just like Merchant's had been - and as he stepped closer and just slightly behind Sherlock, he caught a glimpse of a yellow page sticking out of his front dress jacket pocket.
The numbers 221B caught the light as the golden colour reflected the sun. John took a deep breath and his fingers subconsciously began strumming the rim of his cap. The click of the doorknob was his signal and John straightened up as much as he possibly could, re-adjusting himself on his cane.
“What's wrong, love?” Rosie asked, her eyes holding a worried gaze noticing the way that Jake now looked like a scared and lost puppy.
It was all too good to be true. Too
Mrs. Hudson smiled at him and did a little shrug as she walked past him and through the door. "Live and let live." She sighed to herself with a smile.
The dragons were mobbed together around a bonfire of their creation with goblets made of gold in hand, and each of them decorated in their most luxurious and elegant robes and dresses. The new moon festival was always a spectacle to witness, even after all these years. Sherlock had only witnessed one other festival in his life, and by no means was he disappointed with this one.
It was those thoughts that followed him into the loo where the other boy sat him down on a bench and started shuffling through his bag.
... I've done some research on him and his family. Seems the Watson's are a rotten egg within the bunch.” Sherlock gripped his fork tighter in his hand. Mycroft continued, “I can have him expelled from Sherinford for the bruises he's given you. You may be able to tolerate the physical as of right now, but the psychological pain he must be causing is inexcusable, Sherlock. I will not tolerate it.”
“We have a bit of an issue,
The stranger sighed before opening the book that was ‘prince Johnuin of the human kingdoms’ and reciting as much information as he could, explaining his reasoning as to why “There's a tremor in your left hand” to “The ruffle of your collar suggests”. The man went on and on, Johnuin's eyes widening each passing second the words spilled from this strangers mouth.
"John. John. John!"
"Better, a lot better actually."
John's head fell in embarrassment and he couldn't help but smile at the fact that Sherlock's taller figure had completely blocked him from view.
"Wa-"
John piped up, "Are you saying these two murders are connected somehow?"
John bit his tongue at the comment and cursed himself under his breath. He had to stop pushing, had to stop. Or it wouldn't just be the garden that would be pushed aside...it would be him.
"Yes, my Lord?"
“So how's official retirement?” Rosie asked.
Walking into the small and quaint cafe, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee and steeped tea filled his lungs. He was already eyeing all the different cuts of deli meats and reading the daily sandwich board when his stomach growled once again.
The inspector cleared his throat and removed a tied up paper package, holding it out to Sherlock. "It's for you. If you've read the Strand then you know what it's 'bout."
“That's not fair!”
Sherlock groaned and tipped his head back, sliding down into his chair.
“Sherlock?” Greg tried again, nudging his friend in the shoulder before popping a crisp in his mouth.
Never.
"I forgive you."
“Yeah, that. Having him as a ‘bodyguard’, was your idea! Plus after all that he did for ya, you kinda freaked out a little.”
"No" Sherlock took several steps forward and gently placed both his hands on the other man's shoulders, "Anything but. You are a caring and loving man, nothing less."
“Our Rosie…” John whispered.
"I will look into it further - worry not."
"Yes."
John laughed and then thanked Mike for the chat and the alcohol before setting back toward his home. Taking a deep breath from the chilly London air, John hoped that he was ready to face the sulking mass which waited for him.
Sherlock got himself up from the spot beside John's bed and walked to the doorway, nodding back at the doctor.
John fished out several pounds out of his front pocket, dropping them into the counter and reaching for the paper bag stuffed with food. "I've told you before, Mr. Anderson, I've been scolded by the woman in which she always replies 'not your housekeeper'" John chuckled.
Jake nodded, “I understand Mr-“
Mycroft’s golden eyes shot to him and narrowed dangerously, “What did you say….”
Sentiment.
“Ridding the table of this junk that almost made you father burn his tongue right off!”
Sherlock took notice right away the tension in his shoulders and the attempt of trying to focus on the sheet music in front to no avail. Sherlock himself was so concentrated on John that when he heard Mrs. Hudson call his name for the third time - according to Greg it was three times, Sherlock insisted he only heard the one - he realized everyone stopped playing except for him.
"So you're..?"
“The game is afoot.”
"I'm glad..." he mumbled in response.
John saw red as he stared his flatmate down with hardened eyes and an impatient rush of air through his nose. "Tell. Me. What."
He cleared his throat before nodding in agreement. The chime from the clock in the hall brought him back to his senses. 12:00pm.
"Are you sure, Mr.Watson?"
“I told you to shut up boy!” John's father yelled.
“Sirs, please! Y-you got this all wrong!”
"And why's that?"
"Greg Lestrade, you know him?"
John's brows furrowed at the name. "Lestrade?" He turned to Sherlock, who scanned over the tiny sheet. "You know Greg?"
Sherlock nodded.
John swallowed hard, Adam's apple bobbing and he risked a glance at the other man's eyes. "S-spring is soon on its way, my Lord, you needn't wait too long." He froze.
"Didn't you read it silly?" A small grin played on her lips as she tucked it back away in her purse before continuing, "Its the annual musician banquet. You know, to bring local musicians together for a feast and trade their secrets!"
Sherlock was still irritated, now more than ever since John wasn't even in the lunchroom at his usual time. “If you need your daily carbs and lazy representation of what they call
Sherlock pulled a face of child-like revolt, "Is that what people do? Feed each other up?" The 'P' emphasized with a pop.
"Very well," John took a breath and then set his eyes on his other two workers "Do they not have any gloves?"
John let a scowl form on his lips, and he puffed up his chest a little at the comment made to make fun of him. "And I too would be more than honoured to speak at their table, however, I am currently held up in employment elsewhere."
Thank you to everyone who has read the story so far!
"Are we ready, sir?" Young Braddock asked, positioning himself at the door and ready to book it.
“It's because I've had an excellent teacher” he winked, tilting his head to plant a kiss on his mother's cheek.
Johnuin stood up and bowed, kindly addressing the room before taking his seat once more while he waited for his mother's speech to finish. His eyes gazed lazily around the room, noticing the looks of several young woman and men eyeing him intently before he caught he sight of ice blue orbs staring directly at him. Johnuin's breath caught in his throat.
“Wesley shut up and tell me the list.”
"What does me performing even have to do with the murders, or prevent them?!"
These thoughts didn't last long, however, before his stomach growled in protest. John knew very well skipping out on breakfast wasn't the best idea, and now with it being lunch time, he couldn't afford missing another meal. He planned on going back to his flat but changed his mind and settled to eat out instead.
"Catch. You. Later." ;)
"God, John are you alright?" Mike questioned, worry and apology written over his face.
Greg shuffled through the books on the table until he pulled a well kept and large white medical textbook from the bottom of the pile. He held it up with a smile as he noticed his partner-in-crimes grin deepen.
John shuffled on his hands to take in the sight before him. Sherlock was in front of him, slightly bent down on one knee with the collar of his dress shirt creased and scrunched up as if-
John nodded, handing each man a pair of good quality gardening leather gloves. Braddock was frozen in awe, "Are these for us, sir?"
"My shoulder. I need help with my shoulder."
Both of the other men made their presence in the room, clearing their throats and also getting up from their seats.
Sherlock's phone chimed and he didn't waste any time pulling it out from his pocket.
John went to grab for Sherlock's hand, holding onto it tightly. He looked up with a playful grin when the other man met his eyes. "Ready."
"Yes....far too many, enough for a lifetime."
John caught the circled initials on the paper and narrowed his eyes. "SM," he read. "Sherlock that could be anyone...."
A small thump from the bedroom brought him back home in 221B and he wasted no time running straight to the source.
Lestrade eyed him warily before grunting - a sign for John to continue.
"Your brother seems to think it is."
"Wonderful!"
Looking back into John's eyes he swore he saw the man flinch at the sight of him, mouth dropped open and eyes still wide. "How did you even know about my job-"
A chuckle roared over his brain before it silenced.
"I need you to give this to his Lordship." He said, pushing the small parchment into her palm and closing her fingers around it.
John.
"You don't like it."
“S-sir, Rosie and I had a sit down chat and she was the one that decided to move in! I only offered!”
It must have been ten minutes that had passed before the barely audible rumbling of a small stomach caught his attention.
When music rolled in, it was barely tolerable.
“Just had a bit of a hiccup this morning, dear. Nothing to concern yourself with.”
"I-it will most likely scar."
Sherlock turned his head to be greeted by the smiling face of Jim from only two desks down. Right away he knew this boy would not let this down. Just beside him, Wilkes dragged his thumb across his neck as if saying ‘you’re dead’, and Adler just sent him a mischievous toothy grin - outlined by vibrant red lipstick.
The dead air was silent, silent enough to hear a pin drop and Jacob for sure thought that this would be the end.
Greg patted the young man on the shoulder before giving him a once over, “Well the taste isn't off, is it Sherlock?”
It wasn't until Sherlock was fully standing up from his chair that John noticed the hand wrapped around his own wrist, keeping him in place. "Wait." He heard and turned his head to meet the grey-blue eyes.
Sherlock grinned, trying to play off how the excitement made his heart pound. “There's this really good Chinese takeout on the way to my house. Did you know, you can easily tell a good place by examining the bottom third of the door handle.”
Sherlock had relayed the incident that happened and all the way up until the end of school. Several instances Greg had removed the phone from his ear and rolled his eyes at the blabber before answering with ‘mhm’ or ‘oh’ respectably.
John couldn't help but notice the small towel that was balled up and held against the palm of her hand. He pointed to it and saw her expression instantly change - from a kind smile to a frown.
The older woman laughed out loud while Sherlock looked on, a tad concerned. “Oh heavens, is that what the children are discussing nowadays? Oh, Sherlock, John did no such thing.”
"Who was who?"
." He spat, looking directly at the woman before him with narrowed eyes, "This one won't do."
John took a brief look down at himself - also wearing a black dress suit, but without the tails - and then back up to his flatmate with a grin. It was almost as if Sherlock looked a little...flustered?
The car pulled back on the road and the engine hummed through the silence. Mycroft adjusted his jacket and narrowed his eyes. "I see that you and my brother are going against my warnings."
“You stood up to John Watson…”
“Any kind of flame, my love. A flame is a dragons most precious and thoughtful gift, and once they offer it three times, it means that they want you to be their
(See the end of the chapter for
John blushed - Sherlock had assumed it was a blush - “I'm special, am I?”
Sherlock floundered down the steps and placed a kiss on John's head before rearranging the goggles that rested on his nose. It was now that Sherlock realized he couldn't take things for granted and seeing his husband now, radiant, gorgeous (with ruffled after-sex hair), and just simply 'human' made him smile and his heart swell with love.  "What is it John?"
He wasn't very familiar with this part of London, mainly for the reasons of only coming down to visit Mike every once in a while. Oddly enough, he did remember a small cafe and deli just north of George St.
The pause had him turning to the other set of stairs which Sherlock had mentioned to him last week would be his lodgings.
"TELL ME WHAT?!" John's voice boomed through the flat and both men turned to him in surprise.
"Absolutely no idea."
"Yes, sir. But you needn't worry about the smoke sir, I do not indulge in it."
“Don't call me that again.”
When the door closed behind her, John went toward the piano again. Plopping himself hard against the stool, he slammed his hand down on the keys. The tune was ear repulsing and spine shivering as he jammed his hands up and down the row, not even wanting to create a sweet tune. A sly grin captured his mouth as he heard the annoyed footsteps of his 'musically inclined  neighbour' stomp above him and down the wooden stairs, b-lining for his door.
The familiar voice he heard calling his name caught his attention and he looked through the dimly lit lamp light to see the face of his flatmate.
“Thanks,
Mycroft clasped his hands behind his back, "In all sense of the word, Sherlock, we have re-constructed the same serum but instead used John's complete human DNA."
“Examine things - figure things out the way you do.” John gestured to him with his chin.
Happy N7 Day! (If you're a Mass Effect fan)
John just gave him a pointed look and he sighed, sliding down into his seat even more. If Sherlock Holmes needed to sulk, he would sulk. "Fine. Don't drink it."
John cleared his throat and sat down, twiddling his fingers on the table. "I'm sorry. I misread the situation and I did not mean to offend you in any way."
Sherlock was steady and surprisingly calm, yet he raised his hands in defeat in order to relax the situation. "John I never said that you are not capable I-"
John never went back to sleep that night.
"You're welcome -"
John roared with laughter, rolling over on his back and clutching at his stomach, freeing Sherlock from his grasp.
Rosie looked at him suspiciously but nodded before walking down the hall, “Just going to use the loo!”
Holmes hummed, eyeing him with narrowed lids before speaking. "An interesting take and such an inspiring speech, Mr. Watson. The flower committee would be glad to have you."
.........
John took a deep breath and closed his eyes at the sensation of being cared for. For so long he had always been the caretaker, never feeling the need to burden others with his issues or wounds. He was a doctor, a born, selfless human being. Now he felt as a patient....or something greater...
Happy Update Wednesday!! (I will probably keep saying that XD)
. John thought to himself and mentally shook his head.
"I guess I should be calling you that, shouldn't I? The Pride of Sussex."
