The Reaper studied them for a moment longer, still stroking her steed. “The both of you are fools,” she said at last, “and understand less of what’s going on that I do.”
Rufus grunted, but Bobby gave her a nod. “Jo. How’s your ma?”
“Because I have to leave.”
Dean ripped himself away and cried out at the cracking of his heart. He didn’t let it slow him. With all the speed he could muster, he raced to where Impala had stopped her flight from the fire, and made a running leap onto her back. Not a moment too soon: Sam was listing off to the side, nearly insensate, though he still clutched their mother’s bow. Dean scrambled to secure his little brother in front of him with his sword arm, and dug his free hand into Impala’s mane. At the touch the horse took off into an immediate gallop. Dean leaned as low as he could over her neck with Sam in front of him. The tears left cold tracks on his face in the sudden wind.
Beneath them, both Impala and Angel were kicking up a storm and whinnying to wake the dead. Their noise was riling up the other horses. Soon the entire stables was in an uproar, five score horses stamping and neighing and kicking down their doors. It made Sam and Dean’s fight more desperate, and eerily silent within the wall of noise; Dean knew every knight and squire and page attached to the palace, studied their strengths and styles, but the masked figure was a mystery to him. The woman was an assassin, and that was one of two thoughts circling his head as he dodged and punched and convinced himself that pain was nothing; the other was that he’d been a fool. He’d been a fool to believe these last ten years could erase the previous fourteen. He’d been a fool to think he’d found a new home when the real one had burned away. He’d been a fool to dream of becoming better than a nameless, orphan vagabond. Becoming a knight. A fool to feel secure in their nest of hay that stunk of wet hide and manure, as if they’d ever been anything but expendable to people with power.
“If you mean in equipment or recruitment we have that well in hand. But Lucifer will have more than knights.”
Per the letter Ellen had sent Bobby earlier in the week negotiating that month's trade, Jo should be arriving not long before midday. The journey, usually a day's ride, took a little longer with a laden wagon, causing her to camp for part of the night along the way. It was perfect for Sam and Dean, because while there was always work to be done, they didn't really
“Dark purple as to be black and half a hand thick, chop chop.”
Salinger’s face danced between shock and anger. “But look at him! Have you ever seen a finer horse?!”
“Yes,” Rowena said softly. “Sounds like the bastard.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean smirked, but he barely lifted his leg before Impala suddenly pivoted and trotted away from the courtyard, south. Only instinct kept him from losing his seat, his body responding before thought could catch up. He looked back over his shoulder and shrugged at Bobby—you can’t really pick a fair fight with a horse and win—who narrowed his eyes thoughtfully before turning his attention to Beryl, who was fidgeting restlessly in his harness. As soon as Dean saw Jo rush to the normally placid stallion’s side, he looked forward and tried to figure out where Impala was heading.
“Dean? What is it?” Sam dismounted and walked up behind him.
“Black horse bounty.”
Cas turned his head and blew air directly in his face.
His way blocked, Metatron turned and spread his hands in appeal. “C-Castiel! I wasn’t actually going to kill you, you know, when I found you in Crowley’s study.”
,” he said in awe.
“Because he inherited my magic, of course. Anyone who was powerful enough could see it and oh, is Lucifer powerful.” She pursed her lips again before continuing. “He thought, if my brothers and sister won’t cultivate magic, I will. I’ll steal their magical children away and through them become greater than my siblings. Greater even than my father.”
"There we go!" said Rowena, swinging open the large, round window. "Don't give me that look, there were several spells I had to modify in order to let you in. You're like a walking hex bag, you realize."
“Then help us,” Sam pleaded.
“So be it. Dean of Winchester, I dub thee squire.”
“It’s true,” she said. “Most folk who own black horses have either already sold them on, or are throwing dirt and whitewash on them to hide their coloring. You really haven’t heard about any of this?”
“Try the truth.”
“Doesn’t sound simple to me.”
Dean could see that he truly believed that. He almost lifted a hand to comfort him, but stopped himself at the last moment. “It’s not your fault, Cas. How could it be?”
“Yep,” she said. “Carved it myself. Rufus was telling me the best way to do it, last time I was here.”
“So…” Sam echoed, hardly knowing where to begin. At last he settled on, “When you look at Angel—at, at Castiel, what do you see?”
It felt so good to see his brother healthy and alive but, “Ow.”
At length, Dean answers. “Maybe run it by Sam first, but…I trust your instincts, too.”
“Yes, Metatron was an Angel. A poor excuse for one,” she sniffed, “but he has some wiles of his own.”
Dean nodded, his throat too dry to speak properly. He slipped it into his pocket, slung his pack over his shoulder, and gave Sam a hug. “Be safe,” he said lowly, just for his ears.
(forest) and
“We’re hardly commoners,” said Rowena.
“Dean,” Castiel croaked. His voice was deep and scratchy, his throat burning from the fire, but now that he’d finally said it he couldn’t stop. “Dean, Dean, Dean.” It was the only word he ever wanted to say again. He grabbed Dean’s shoulder in one hand, cupped his face with the other—his hands!—and he was cold and lifeless to the touch. His wings arched high up; the long feathers cascaded down to the floor, shielding them from the room. “I love you,” he whispered, trembling. “I never needed you to love me too, it’s just that sometimes I don’t think you realize how many of the people around you really love you and I’m one of them. I love you, Dean.” Tears slipped down his face. “I love you. Dean, Dean, Dean.”
Metatron’s face grew thunderous. “Think carefully and answer again.”
She nodded, and with a small wave, she left, too.
for the people, to let them try and ride him.”
“Yeah, and
“Oh, so you do care about him!” Metatron exclaimed. “You see, I wasn’t sure whether or not the bumpkin and his overgrown brother were just tools for you.”
Metatron shrugged. “Then you and your brother can leave. Think carefully,” he said. “Good night.”
“Because what gives a story meaning, really? Truth, or belief? Is it true if it’s what he believes?” the king asked, gesturing at Dean. “If it’s what you believe? Or if it’s what
Dean was sitting up with knife in hand before he was even awake. It took him another split second for the dark shadow kneeling over him to coalesce into a person with their own blade, glinting in the thin moonlight that seeped through the rafters. But that was just enough time for the woman to knock his weapon out of the way and stab down. “Sam!” he grunted, grabbing her wrist and taking the punch from her other hand.
“And worse, in some people’s eyes, a better king.”
The people of Horsetown recognized Dean immediately, and the king’s horse, but so astounded were they by the stallion’s sudden docility they made no move to stop them as they turned onto the road.
After a couple days of this, Gadreel did not lose his cool. Instead he employed new methods meant to stymie Angel’s options. First he had one of the others trainers ride a horse around the perimeter of the paddock, keeping Angel on a rope lead that wrapped around the pommel of her ride’s saddle. That way, in theory, Gadreel would have a better chance of approaching the stallion from the side or behind, close enough to tap him. But they’d barely traversed one side of the paddock before Angel was pulling so hard on the rope the other, smaller horse crashed into the fence, and the rider went flying.
—Luciterra’s warrior elite. From the Latin
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dean grinned.
After the requisite fluttering of hands and patting down to make sure he was in one piece, and fluffing up and stacking pillows so that Dean could sit up a little, Impala stepped forward and nosed him gently. “Hey, Baby.”
Angel lowered his head to rest along Dean’s back. A comfort. A benediction.
Rowena laughed, pulling a few from the shelves and bringing them to a large work table, then strutting away to grab some more. “You’ve never been in a rich person’s house, have you, Sam?”
“I beat Metatron.”
, another pseudo-compound I Frankenstein-ed from the Scottish Gaelic words
But pride of place was an entire set of horse armor, black and gleaming, with silver designs as polished as the day it was new. The plates for the neck, flanks, and hindquarters were simply outlined in the silver, but the chest plate was a finely rendered set of outspread wings. More stunning was the chanfron, which would fit over the horse’s face; feathers were etched into the metal around the nose and cheekbones, curling around and up to the ears, where they leapt from the metal into two upturned wings. The armor was smooth and black around the eyes, except for a single blue gemstone nestled amid silver flames, an ornament for the forehead.
“Oh, Gadreel,” Metatron pouted. He ambled toward them, the crown back on his head. “You’re not starting to believe his story, are you?”
“Does Sam know all that, too?”
Not a moment too soon: the Lady Tessa appeared at the end of the magic ropes, holding them in one hand like massive, glowing reins. She thundered past them in the darkness. The brothers stood frozen in their meager hiding spot; as soon as her horse’s hoofbeats faded, those of her cohort began. Knights and cavalrymen, about a dozen all, came crashing through the forest in her wake, following her through the trees like a will o’ the wisp. They, too, had had to spread out, and they stormed on either side of them, a whirlwind of shouts and clanking armor, and then they were past them, and then they were gone.
The spell was there, until it wasn’t.
The older men shared a look, though Dean couldn’t guess the meaning. Metatron had been king of Michaeretz for half of his life, now, and for most of Sam’s. Neither of them had ever truly interacted with him, but they were grateful for the peace he’d brokered with Luciterra, ending the Border War, and they had also heard tell of his coming to the people and performing magery to heal citizens of Mt. Heaven during times of widespread illness. Many of the higher-ranking people in Horsetown, however, were longer-lived, having spent so much time around Reaper magic—they’d never be truly young and immortal, like a powerful mage could be—but Rufus and Bobby were about 80, though they looked middle-aged, and Benny, who was surrounded by the spells regularly put into a Reaper’s weapons and armor, was well over 100 years old though he didn’t look a day over 40.  Most of them were short of praise when it came to Metatron, though they never badmouthed him directly.
“Hello,” he answered, voice rough. He plopped on the edge of the bed next to him. “It is so good to see you, Dean.”
“It’s almost like the festival started early,” added Alicia. “All of Mt. Heaven is following the retinue down, like it’s a big parade.”
“Very good. Yes,” she said. “He reasoned that if there were no one to teach them, there would be no one powerful enough to challenge the thrones, and there would be peace everlasting.”
A sudden pain in his flank.
“But what if—”
“Let’s see him, then,” said Bobby.
“You can stand down, Castiel.”
“Don’t you think I already tried that, boy?” said Bobby. “Gadreel ain’t hearing it.”
Thankfully, Bobby could get away with what Dean could not. “Well why don’t you enlighten us, then.”
“Tavern closed?” Bobby asked, as he and the boys did as instructed. Sam knocked a barrel over with enthusiasm and laughed, rolling it back at high speed like it was a new toy to play with. One of the cows grumbled its displeasure at the noise. Rumsfeld snorted.
Dean felt like he’d been struck. “Maybe he’s theirs,” Dean said. “Maybe he belongs to Demons and that’s why Metatron wanted to break him…”
“No evidence?” the king said incredulously. “Look at him! Saddle! Bit! Bridle!” He turned back to Dean and leaned forward with a manic gleam in his eye. “How’d you do it?”
, or that a dick with magic attacked a grieving prince and seized the throne for himself?”
Angel stuck his large head and neck through the window, his nose only about a foot away from Dean's shoulder. Rowena placed a rickety stool in front of the stallion and then - propping up the handle with a single finger - she lifted a bucket of water and set it on the seat. The horse gave the water a big sniff, eyeing the Witch all the while, before plunging his nose in and drinking his fill. Dean looked down at his own tea cup. The white on the inside of the porcelain made it easy to see the murkiness of the tea, the little bits of leaf and herb and who knew what else. It smelled...like tea. He drank water, or beer. Lady Tasha sometimes made tea, but usually for the knights. He supposed it didn't smell too dissimilar from that. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Sam take a sip, think a little, then sip some more. When he didn't immediately keel over, Dean took a sip as well. It was...weird flavored water. It was hot, at least, and a bone-deep chill that had lived with him the past few days, the night and the dew and the forest shadow, melted away.
“Let him out,” growled Dean. “We’ll make up an excuse! Something!”
The stallion lifted his forelegs off the ground, just a little bit, and pranced in surprise, but did not try to buck him off. Impala bolted past them with Sam low on her back, and Dean barely squeezed his legs before Angel was hot on her hooves. They galloped down the wide aisle of the stables, and woe betide anyone who got in Impala’s way, man or beast; they stumbled and jumped aside to clear the way for her, a battalion unto herself. When they reached outside, they didn’t slow, but seemed to gain speed now with the brightness of moon and stars to guide them.
The brothers, at least, had one advantage over most other grooms: they had their own weapons. Their mother’s bow was strong and sturdy as ever, and their father’s sword of such high quality that Benny gave them the side-eye for weeks after he first saw it, convinced there’s no way they hadn’t stolen it. Both weapons were too big and heavy for the boys they were, but determination and hard work had them swinging and pulling in no time. So no, they couldn’t train with the knights, but they could watch, and they could train with each other—and Jo, when she was around. In fact she was privy to her own school of kitchen work and rowdy drunks, and there was no one better at the knife, whether throwing it or in close quarter combat, entirely untroubled by the code of chivalry endemic to the ranks of knighthood.
“Then you may return to the stables, under one condition: you will be lower than the lowest stable boy, with no chance for advancement. You will serve the horses whom you once thought were only good to serve you, until such time as your soul feels the penance is done.”
“Did you know,” Crowley continued, “that she rarely ever became a man until after you were born?”
Then came Castiel. Everyone pressed closer to see him. He wore not the fine fabrics of the nobles, but his spectacular black and silver armor which, they said, had been made for a horse. His wings were out today, massive and startling and shimmering inky black in the sun. Some declared that this must have been what Michael was like, when he walked among his people. Others knew better, and rejoiced to see Queen Hannah’s influence in the way he smiled at the children who threw him flowers.
Even after all these years, neither of them had much of value. They had their father’s sword and their mother’s bow; all else could be replaced. The fear and the fight coursed through them still, their blood and bruises rendered to nearly nothing as they climbed quickly down the ladder into chaos. Grooms, pages, squires, and even knights had come running at the sound of the horses’ distress, and the horses themselves showed no sign of calming; stall doors were opened or knocked down, the animals were bolting to the exits, and the unlucky were trampled underfoot. Despite the pandemonium Dean’s eyes were drawn immediately to Impala, nearby and fending off the several people trying to lasso her. With a snarl Sam and Dean both jumped to defend her, knocking aside the men and women who dared to touch their beloved mare, who, they knew well, could have been the first to escape. But she had waited.
Jo rolled her eyes. “No, I made a trade for half a deer carcass that some hunter was dragging up from the south.”
Everyone paused and looked at each other. Benny opened his mouth, closed it, rubbed his bearded chin. Then he sighed and dropped a bag with his tools on the nearest table. He didn’t even ask, which was friendship indeed. “I hope you know what you’re doing, brother,” he drawled in his southeastern twang.
Castiel froze, realizing his mistake.
Sam popped back up to his full height and scanned over the heads of the crowd. “It’s Kevin,” he said. “Come on.”
Shit, Dean seriously did not have the patience for this. They had to extract themselves before the crazy people who’d gotten their hands on magic used their bones for parts. “Lady,” Dean said, “this is a horse. His name is Angel. We’re just travelers who got lost in the woods. Sorry to bother you.” He jerked his head at Sam to indicate they should start walking. Even as he pretended to be nonchalant about the whole thing he was alert for the sign of any movement from the plants or the trees, anything that would halt them like the hedges did before. They were mostly back to the woods when Dean peeked over his shoulder to make sure they weren’t being followed when he realized that Angel hadn’t moved. He grabbed Sam’s arm to stop him and turned around. “Angel!” he called.
A few hours later, their brisk trot brought them from the gentle rolls of the plains to inclines that could generously be called hills. In their years of wandering, this would be the landscape that would signal to Dean that they should turn around and head elsewhere. But he twitched neither foot nor hand to adjust Impala’s direction. The region of Winchester was still a long way from recovery after the Border War, and its desolate hills were their best chance at escape.
“Show off,” she muttered, but when Dean winked she snorted and smiled back. “Sit your ass down and tell me all the news.”
Sam inhaled sharply. After a moment he knelt next to Dean, placed one of his own hands in the dirt.
The Demon staggered, but did not disappear. The Hellfire that licked them grew monstrous in size and finally, finally caught the Demon too. The three of them seemed as one, now, as they collapsed in a heap. A single bonfire alone on the plain.
“The gods decreed that if a warrior was worthy, if they proved themselves honorable and sacrificed their lives in a noble fight, and their desire to serve a higher purpose was great enough, their soul would be allowed to return to earth—as a horse.” He turned to the black stallion and patted his flank, then let his hand rest there. “As a horse, they would serve other warriors, their own fighting spirit aiding the causes of new generations, new noble quests. But they’d only be ridden by the worthy, mind,” Metatron said, wagging a finger. “A Great Horse will serve you only if you are great, too.
Dean blinked, and blinked again. “A
“I would not advise that you keep using this spell on him,” the Lady Tasha was saying. “There are stories in the lore about permanent, long-term effects—”
As they rode further into Winchester, they began to see signs of the Border War. Usually it was just large swathes of land where Hellfire had spread in battle, and none but the hardiest of weeds had popped up in the scorched earth, even these dozen years later. But once in a while they’d come across an abandoned village—they were still avoiding the inhabited ones—and those that hadn’t burned were just as depressing. The shoddier of the cottages were half caved in and sagging, while plants and animals alike had taken over, vines cracking walls and nests stuffed in every cranny.
Trying to pace himself, Dean groaned and let himself fall onto his back, practically spreadeagled on the ground. The horses may have been doing most of the work, but riding was hell on the human body, too, especially the lower half. Sam sat back on his heels and looked to his right where, if they traveled a few hours in that direction, the Micharim would begin to make themselves known on the horizon. They’d only seen the mountains a couple of times, but there was not much succor there for penniless, starving boys, and the terrain wasn’t great for Impala’s feet.
Those who had witnessed the arrival of the stallion earlier that day looked at each other uneasily, then looked to Gadreel. He was standing stiffly as ever, face harder than stone, giving no indication of his thoughts.
It was terrifying enough waiting for King Metatron.
“He was blinded by his desires,” Crowley contradicted, “and enraged that I’d ruined his plans. When he couldn’t get past our shields, even Castiel’s, distraught though he was, Metatron started picking up every pouch and vial on the shelves and tossing them at us. But they were mine, you see,” he said. “So while much of it was magery, there were also plenty items more in line with witchcraft. And he got lucky. He threw several at once, which burst at the prince’s feet. The edge of the explosion knocked me out, but Castiel took the brunt of it. And when I awoke…” He sighed. “The prince was gone, the castle in disarray, Metatron was already setting himself in charge and soon every Reaper left alive was after my head. And since I prefer it to be attached to my neck, I was forced into hiding.”
She gave him a sly smile. “Lucky.”
Castiel backed out of the window and trotted around the cottage. His hooves clip-clopped on the stone path, then clomped on the cottage floorboards. The stallion looked even bigger than usual in the space not at all meant for his current species. He carefully maneuvered himself to the middle of the room and stood awkwardly between the table and the workbench.
Gadreel was a stern and stoic man by nature, but instead of lightening at the praise his mouth settled into a grim line. He nodded once, then turned to address the crowd. “This horse you see before you is not just a horse,” he began. They all stood rapt. “What you see here before you,
“I know what I said, Sammy.”
That was the last thing he wanted to do, but until he got a signal from the others, Dean had no choice but to play along. He dismounted, and holding the reins in his hand, he led Castiel closer to the dais. Metatron smirked and descended the small set of stairs. “Bring the stool, Gadreel.”
On the top of this hill, he stopped. The last time he’d been there, he’d been under the roof of their modest little cottage, where they all shared a table, and a bed, and a deep love for one another.
“Alright, everybody stop standing around and help get these barrels to the kitchens,” said Bobby loudly, cutting him off. “Sooner we do that the sooner this horse gets some rest,” he added, patting Beryl’s nose. The men and women milling about hopped to, and Sam slipped from the wagon to help. Dean sat for another moment, wondering at how the gruff stablemaster and the gruff innkeeper had finally,
Within a couple of hours, they were free of the forest. As soon as the cottage crossed the threshold into the prairie, it hunkered closer to the ground, the tree-legs bending more sharply and the building sitting low between them. It moved even more freely in the open air, scuttling up and down the hills of Winchester before speedily crawling its way across the flatlands. Though they avoided towns and villages, they could not avoid all living things in Michaeretz. Bands of horses scattered at their approach, and more than once the roots had to bury themselves deep into the sod when riders were spotted in the distance. During those tense moments, Dean actually wished for them to be roaming horse-eaters like his mother’s family, instead of knights.
Dean swallowed. “Tell me.”
He started listening.
When winter melted into spring, and the Flower Festival had cleared out the stables of all people down to the last little stable girl, Metatron came to visit
“Sam, go get, go find some apples,” Dean ground out.
Dean awoke in the pre-dawn light to the chirping of birds, and the steady rip of grass as Castiel grazed for breakfast. When he opened his eyes, a bunny getting in its dark spring coat was snuffling right in front of him. A smile slowly spread across his face. “Hi, buddy,” he told it. “Better get out of here before the mean witch lady puts you in the cellar.”
“Smell something, Baby?” he asks her. He’s in full armor today and is mindful when he strokes her neck.
“Wait,” said Sam. “Dean, listen.”
A pageboy rushed off to do as bid, and a royal attendant stepped in front of Castiel, and ignored him in favor of his rider. “King Metatron will speak with you in the audience chamber. Please, follow me.” She waited, expecting for Dean to dismount. When he did not, and said nothing, she turned on her heel and led him across the hall.
He dropped to his knees. His hands were shaking. He knew this had something to do with Metatron pressuring Gadreel. He must have told him some lie about Dean usurping him or—or—
“The greatest warriors of the modern era, and they have no idea of their true power,” Rowena agreed. “Some of them must suspect. Most spells won’t work if your own energy isn’t added to the mix. Using magic is like using a muscle. The more you flex it, the greater it grows. The truth will out.”
It was so beautiful and strange and beyond his comprehension. The cynical part of him, the rational part of him, it was still clamoring to be heard, but for once in his life Dean drowned it out. For one small moment, he wanted to believe it. He wanted to believe that Angel was a warrior, a great spirit blessed by the gods, who had chosen them, chosen Dean. That despite Lucifer's Demons wiping out his village and killing his parents, and Metatron's Reapers attempting to kill them, that the gods were not all against the Winchesters. Not entirely. That this good, honest horse, this person, had refused Metatron and the royal trainers at every turn, but had allowed Dean to treat his wounds. Had accepted food from him, and the pick, and the brush. And in their direst need, had deigned to let Dean ride on his back for miles. For days. Dean wanted,
Metatron couldn’t have all of them, not all of them. “GO!” he screamed, spearing his brother with a glare that contained all his rage, all his anguish.
Bobby easily picked up that he did not mean the honest kind. “What do you think they want?”
When Sam had once confronted Bobby and Rufus about it as they all sat around the stablemaster’s small dining table, asking whether it was just because they hadn’t gotten used to Metatron yet as their king, they’d shaken their heads. “So Prince Castiel was kidnapped, right?” Rufus had pointed out. “And Metatron parleys with Lucifer’s camp well enough to stop the fighting. But what were the terms? Was the prince’s return on the table?”
“I know, Sammy.”
All he knew was that the world had suddenly burst into color. He ripped off his helmet so he could better see: the muted greens and blues he’d been living with for the past twelve years were not only newly vibrant, but there was pink and purple and there was
“I’m a little tired for those kinds of jokes, Sammy.”
Sure enough, there wasn’t enough room in the chute to fully kick, or even bend his forelegs to rear, but that wasn’t stopping Angel from moving in what ways he could, ramming himself into the fence and tossing his head in fear.
Warily he followed the carpet to the throne. Once he entered the room properly he saw great marble columns lining either side, between which there stood more statues, but these much, much bigger than life. As he drew closer to the throne he realized there was something behind it; what he thought was plain drapery was actually a white sheet covering half an enormous statue of a winged Michael. Scaffolding was built around the other half. When he reached the dais, he was still looking up.
“The rest of the world would have been happy to ignore us, I think, but how could they, with earthquakes sending tidal waves across the oceans, and the sun growing dark in the sky? All manner of magic folk poured in from abroad and the war took a turn for the worse. It wasn’t until millions were dead, most of the Coilluaine had been razed, and the climate of the entire planet altered that Chuck and Amara stopped to see what they had done. Too little, too late, of course.
When he was not dismissed, Crowley entered the room and joined Castiel at a respectful distance. They looked together at the portraits.
His brother squeezed him a little harder. “You too.”
But Sam latched onto another part of the sentence. “How old are you then?”
“No,” Dean whispered. “Here.” He pressed a hand to his chest.
The stallion nodded, so emphatically Dean had to lean away.
The kids cheered and Jo flipped the cloth over the closest basket, Sam peering in at her shoulder. She took out a clean cloth and set it over one of the barrels, and then began loading up. There was cheese, large hunks of a couple different kinds, a fresh loaf of bread, and a large covered pot. When she lifted the cover wisps of steam curled toward the rafters: the last of tonight’s beef and vegetable stew.
Dean shrugged. Sam could talk to a blank wall all he wanted.
It was time.
Dean flexed his hand, thankfully unbroken though still throbbing in pain. He hadn’t felt that particular pain in awhile, though it was as familiar to him as the sun in the morning and the moon at night. For years Dean had taken the lessons his parents had taught him, how to tuck his fingers, how to brace his shoulder, how to shift his weight to bring down another person. For years he’d protected himself and Sammy, protected Impala from bandits and would-be thieves. For years he had to prove himself in Horsetown, defending his promotion as a teenager and keeping the bullies off of Sam. And that’s all this was, wasn’t it? Just a bigger, meaner bully, who thought it was okay to murder people on a whim and watch them
But neither moved. The night was vast and velvet, the river a string connecting them to continent bigger and more unfamiliar to them than they could fathom, Demons on one side of it, and Reapers on the other, and yet—they sat. They sat under the weight of their new homelessness, and the even weightier
Surprise and nervousness were clear in the lines of his body, but dutifully the groom stepped forward, and bowed.
Slowly, muscles stiff with days of riding and another hour of little movement, Dean turned to study the horse. Sam had barely moved, secure as he was between the stallion’s legs, his own gangly ones trailing out from where they were curled around him. He rocked with the steady up and down of Angel’s deep, sleepy breaths. The spell was specifically made to trap horses. How could Angel have been immune? He looked like a horse, ran like a horse, smelled like a horse. He
“Is that so?”
And there was no way that Gadreel didn’t know this.
Bobby didn’t speak until Gadreel and his entourage were out of earshot. “Shit,” he muttered, looking at the dazed horse. Then he turned to the crowd at large. “King protocol,” he announced.
Dean bit his lip and looked down.
Sam rolled his eyes, but complied, scooting far enough back for Dean to have space to mount. After some jostling—Sam and Dean were both a lot bigger than the last time they’d ridden together—Impala started walking again.
“Lasso!” cried Sam.
Angel nickered angrily at her, and she did a double-take. “Well, well,” she murmured. “Perhaps I should ask
No, he couldn’t be. Myths and legends—there were no gods, no spirits. Just one birth, and one death, and the struggle to make it from one to the other. If there were Great Horses that means that gods blessed people, and if gods blessed people that means they blessed the royal family with magic, which means that Metratron truly does have right of rule, and that if he wants Sam and Dean dead, then the gods must, too.
Crowley huffed a breath and looked to the heavens, like this was a well worn argument. “I was born with magic and raised as a Witch, if you can call my mother’s parenting style
Angel blew at him, lips flapping, and stamped a hoof.
“And Amara?”
him to replace Gadreel?
The forest rolled by.
Salinger, for a change of pace, tried obsequiousness. “But surely—surely if not 10,000, then 8,000 would not be—”
This was not meant for them.
Sam nodded, too fascinated to speak.
—The fabled, possibly mythical capital of Lokiland. The truth of it has passed out of Michaeretz’s memory. The name owes itself to the Germanic word/root for city or town. Therefore, Loki’s City.
“What happened?” Sam asked, quiet.
The floor, too, was stone, less like true masonry and more like a series of irregular rocks made smooth by a powerful river like the Voda, or perhaps the constant passage of feet. The walls were sod, and roots webbed across them, thin as veins and thick as branches. Shelves of various heights and widths were lined up all around the circular cellar with jars of ingredients, yes, but also books: more books than they’d ever seen in once place.
For more than a decade, he’d been longing to hear those words. When it felt like there’d been no end to his grief, the loss of his parents a constant pain at the core of him, all he’d wanted was for someone to say that it was over. When he was stumbling across the country, scared and alone, his own body taken from him, he’d wanted it to be over. When he’d been caught and locked in a stall, when people tried to ride him hours without end, when Gadreel whipped him and whipped him, he’d just wanted it all to be over. Over used to mean that it would turn out to have been a bad dream, and he’d wake up to his mother’s embrace. It used to mean that he’d know his own body again, that he could live an honest life among other people. More recently, over used to mean that when Dean spoke to him, he could speak back. That he could hold him in his arms and at least say his name. Castiel had imagined it so many times, how Dean would smile to hear it, and know him, recognize him as his friend. And now that it was all he wanted, he couldn’t have it. Castiel’s dragon body was so large it took up half the chamber, and still it could not contain his agony. What torment it was to have lost the only man he ever loved, and for that man to never know how truly cherished he was!
—The mountain range which separates Michaeretz from Lokiland (also simply referred to as the Micharim). Similar to Michaeretz itself, it is a pseudo-compound derived from the name Michael and (as far as I can tell without being able to decline in the language)
Tears were running down Sam’s face, too, but his jaw was set. “It’s too late.”
Something whistled by and exploded several feet to the right. There was a bright white-blue flash and a bubble of smoke, which just missed them. A stun spell. Impala swerved to the left and headed due south, away from Mt. Heaven, and Dean allowed himself a little relief when Angel imitated the maneuver; it mean he’d bonded enough with Impala that he’d actively try to stick to her. He was under no illusions that he’d have any control over their direction himself.
But he didn’t spook. He was frozen with indecision. He could hardly bear staying, but where could he run? Sam was here, and two Witches, in an enchanted cottage, and Michaeretz’s fiercest warriors waiting for them to emerge from the forest, and Lucifer’s cursed lands south of them, their parents’ deaths behind, and a large black stallion directly ahead. The horse stopped just out of Dean’s reach. His big, blue eyes were wet, and as Dean watched, tears bubbled over to spill down his long face. Horses really only cried when their eyes were irritated, but this was not that. Dean saw the tears and he finally knew. He just knew.
Metatron was running now but Castiel had WINGS.
Smart kid.
“And?”
It was well into the morning before Dean woke. The sun slanted fully into the room, the city bustled below them, and a single bee buzzed in through the window. Dean was draped half over Castiel’s back, using his shoulder as a pillow, and he watched as the bee flew in lazy circles around the room, before it decided more flowers could be had outside.
Immediately Sam was up and on the other side of the bed, grabbing the pitcher and pouring Dean a glass of water. Impala nosed his face in concern, and Sam had to gently push her aside so Dean could drink.
Yet Metatron did not kill him, as he’d tried so very long ago. Though he wondered if that might not have been the kinder fate. Under Gadreel’s cruel eye they starved him, and harassed him, and paralyzed him so that he could not fight for himself. In those days he knew only one kindness: that of Dean and his brother Sam, who would feed him and speak to him and called him
The horsemaster’s mouth was pinched tight, as it so often was. “I see no evidence of that.”
Reappeared.
“What the hell was that?” said Dean.
“Sure did,” agreed Rufus, carefully arranging the halter and matching lead in his hands. “As long as Lucifer is still alive the war will happen again. He didn’t get what he wanted last time. These mages like him and Metatron, they think in the long term. The very long term. If I’m lucky, I’ll be dead and buried by the time war starts up again.” He laughed, setting the small silver horseshoe earring he wore dancing. None of the present men were fooled; Rufus, too, had lost his family in the Border War. “Now if any of you need me, think twice. I’ve got a date with a bottle that has my name on it.” With that he wandered off down the aisle toward the tack room.
—The kingdom draws its name from its first ruler Michael, and the Hebrew word
Sam and Dean were away at the time; they’d been allowed a couple days off, loading up a wagon with all the Harvelle’s empty barrels. They took turns alternately driving the wagon or riding Impala, and made decent time. They enjoyed a day in and around the Roadhouse, helping out at the bar in the busy hours and practicing with Mary’s bow and arrow using the side of the barn, or mock fighting with Jo. In the evening when the tavern was quiet, and they sat eating a hearty meal with the women, Dean sighed. He felt much more relaxed here, without feeling like the king was looking over his shoulder and watching his every move.
The light slanted more, little by little, with the sun’s passage. It grew dim.
“Yep,” Ellen said. “Closed the bar and you three are the only guests for the night, so here we are.” She set Sam’s barrel upright, smiling her thanks, and set her basket down.
“Good. Grab some of those empty barrels stacked back there and let’s eat.”
“I’m sorry,” said Dean, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” He and Sam hopped back onto the other side of the fence, and watched as a heavyset man climbed onto Angel’s back, laughing. Gadreel pulled a lever and the gate opened. Angel shot out into the arena and bucked once, twice: the man flew into the air. He’d barely lasted a second. The crowd broke into laughter.
For one moment longer, he stood still, sword heavy in his hands. He barely felt the tears that spilled over, keeping his eyes wide to take in his parents for what he understood was to be the last time. His father, mouth a grim line in his dark beard, held himself with pride: a wild and dark counterpoint to his mother, who stood strong and focused as a bladepoint, moon making a halo out of her light hair.
“Go on, then,” he said, jerking his head toward the building. “Take care of your horse.”
There wasn’t much pain, really, until he pulled the sword out, dragging it through his insides. The blade was stained with blood, and when Dean looked down at the red blossoming on his shirt, he realized it was his.
“I’m glad we understand each other. Good night.”
The man was pale-skinned and dark-haired, a shadow of stubble on his cheek. His lips were pink and full, his cheekbones sharp. A scar in a thin line climbed up out of his collar and onto his neck. He was dressed in a plain shirt with sleeves rolled up to the elbow, and as Dean watched he dipped a cloth into a silver bowl, wrung it out, and applied it to Dean’s belly. It stung a little, now that he could focus on it more. When the man lifted the cloth again he saw a nasty, jagged red wound with tight stitches in black thread.
“Okay,” he replied. “If you say so.”
This part of the ceremony over, the coronation began.
“Yeah,” agreed Sam, but not like it was his final assessment. Dean waited him out. At length he said, “Why Angel?”
Bobby didn’t know what was the worse fate.
Oh, Castiel understood perfectly well. This wasn’t a warning, a chance to protect the men who have been protecting him. How could he possibly warn them, when he was a horse and they were not? He could no more warn them than act on the feelings that Metatron had brought to light. No. The king was going to kill the Winchesters, just because they had shown him care and kindness, and now the only question was when.
Sam wasted no time. They each grabbed a clean, wet cloth and started dabbing at Angel’s wounds. The horse’s muscles twitched every time they made contact, but he didn’t chase them away.
Gadreel looked down his nose at them from the other side of the fence, and strode around. “Go on,” he said to the mare, tapping her flank and encouraging her to go in Angel’s direction. She skipped away and trotted past Angel, turning her rump to him in dismissal. Gadreel looked at the Winchesters, his mouth in the habitual flat line of the past few days, and a subtle scowl twisting his face into something hawklike. “You should bring Impala. Commander seemed willing to listen to her when he first arrived here.”
?” asked Rufus.
“I’m getting that.” Dean moved up into a crouch, and half-stepped his way over to Angel at a measured pace. When the horse gave no indication he should stop, he settled next to him in the mud, and reached to pet him. Angel sighed and let his eyes go half mast again. “What’s going on, Angel, huh?” Dean asked, scratching behind the stallion’s jaw. The horse gave a desultory snort.
The last, the
“Big and black and breathing fire,” said Sam, with no little wonder. “He had Metatron cornered. Billie stopped Cas from killing him, but Cas was just lost. He watched you die.” His voice broke on the last word. He took another breath. “He was twisting in the air like he was in pain, and then he got smaller and smaller…he was human again, but had wings, and then I saw you. I hadn’t been able to see you before, because he’d been so big and you were on his other side. I ran, but he got there first. He cried, and kept saying your name over and over again, kept saying—”
“Whoa, okay, Cas. Okay, buddy,” he said. “We’ll stay.” He trailed his fingers down between his nostrils, the softest part of a horse’s nose. “We’ll stay.”
“He tells them that they’re special. That he chose them, and that he was the one who gifted them with magic. And that with a word, he could take it away.”
The crowd cheered, and every knight and noble, squire and page bowed or curtsied. Those who made their living in Horsetown and hadn’t been born in the upper classes awkwardly followed suit. Dean felt especially uncomfortable, given that he wasn’t used to answering to anybody (except Bobby, but that didn’t really count). He’d never given more than a polite bow of the head to a knight or even a Reaper. While still bent at the waste, he dared lift his head a little and saw the king still smiling, waving benevolently at the adoring crowd. When Metatron turned his attention back on the open square, Dean hastily ducked his head again.
“Whatever they talked about, the prince stayed missing, the other kids stayed missing, and as far as we can tell, the search stopped pretty quickly. Besides,” Rufus had added, “the man can barely tell the front end of a horse. Which is probably why he collects them instead of rides them.”
Dean dug his fingers in deep, curled them into fists. No bones; if there’d been any left over after the fire, scavengers must have taken them. He felt bile rising up his throat, and shook.
Dean stops brushing again. Impala turns her ear toward Castiel in interest. “No one knows where his court even is.”
Sam must have known where he was headed, because he made no comment as he followed him silently down the southern side of the hill that had once been theirs. Impala walked next to them; Angel trailed behind. It wasn’t long before the grass was growing again, green and strong. Soon enough they reached the little creek, which somehow looked smaller than he remembered. He didn’t think on it much. Nothing here was as he remembered.
Sam quickly sorted the books and found the grimoire and took it to Rowena. She set it down and it cracked open to what must have been a frequently used page. Then she started listing ingredients and pointing them out to Sam, who interspersed her instructions with questions. He looked just as happily focused as he did whenever Lady Tasha spared him some time to talk about her work, or Rufus taught them how to shape certain equipment, or even when Bobby explained the detailed accounts he had to keep on the cost of running the stables. Dean felt the pang he always did whenever he was reminded of the reality that neither of them would get more than the practical education required for their jobs. Sam was so bright, and such a quick study. He would thrive at the university.
“Abnormally lucky,” added Crowley, who had already sliced his scone in half and was spreading a thick red jam on top of it.
“What?” Dean whispered.
The Reaper growled the last word of the spell, and Dean had to trust Angel to keep his footing, he had to. He looked back, and though Tessa could not be seen, the Lasso spell snaked through the trees behind them, several blue-white ropes of smoke and light grasping for their horses. By nature the spell could reach a long distance and they were far, far too close. There was no outrunning it. Sensing their prey, the magic tendrils spread around them and circled back, closing in on the horses’ legs.
Angel stumbled away from the bank, found a likely spot between two trees, and groaned as he laid down. Sam half-crawled toward him, and then curled himself between the horse’s legs, resting his head on the stallion’s belly. It was a stupid, stupid thing to do around any horse, but as children wandering the prairie on cold nights, Sam and Dean had tucked themselves against Impala, who had tolerated them. Why Sam would think to risk it on a horse as unpredictable as Angel, Dean didn’t know; whether his little brother wasn’t thinking straight from fatigue, or was going crazy, or was only thinking of the horse they’d just lost. Whatever the reason, Dean didn’t stop him, and neither did Angel. He merely looked down at Sam with tired eyes, and then lowered his own head to the ground in turn.
“What does it feel like?”
The stallion huffed a breath, warm air against his palm, and then moved his nose to Dean’s right hand.
—Yeah, I know. The Green Woods Woods. Spreading wide on either side of the River Voda, it marks the natural border between Michaeretz and Luciterra. Rowena uses the term
“Dean Winchester for the king,” he told the guards at the castle gate. “He’s expecting me.”
Dean felt the weight of the statement heavy on his shoulders, then abruptly shoved away from the table, toppling the jar of cream. He stomped out the front door of the cottage and stepped off the path into the garden, the opposite side from Angel where the chimney was chugging away. He stood amid the flowering trees and tall herbs swaying in the afternoon light, a pumpkin two feet tall at his knee.
“I know, I know. But if you leave with me now, they aren’t going to touch you anymore today. You can go back to your stall, have a nice rest. I can get you water, some food. I’ll even find an apple for you, how does that sound?”
Cas nodded.
“Look at this!” Sam exclaimed, pointing to a knight fighting a giant snail, and losing.
Dean bowed again, and stepped back.
Gadreel bowed his head. “Yes, your majesty.”
But he grew complacent, established patterns for the seasons, where the grass was greener and a kind person might be near and willing to share an apple. Wranglers caught him at last, and dragged him back to Mt. Heaven, though he kicked and screamed the whole way. From the villages he had gleaned that Lucifer had retreated and Metatron had taken the throne, but for him, that was hardly better.
Having found a moment, Sam and Dean were leaning against the fence watching Angel and Stella, an appaloosa mare. In her boredom she was systematically making her way around the fence, nosing for treats from the watchers—though carefully staying, Dean noticed, on her side of the paddock. The trainers pushed her away. Dean felt bad for her, and Sam did too, so they both greeted her and stroked her nose, and scratched behind her jawbone. She nickered happily.
They all turned to Angel, who seemed to stand a little straighter under their scrutiny. Rowena and Crowley tilted their heads this way, and that, clearly looking at something neither Sam nor Dean could see.
Sam and Dean stared unashamedly along with everyone else in the vicinity. Most knights stayed around their estates or in the capital at court, but a few wandered. Knights weren’t just the king’s greatest soldiers in wartime; they were supposed to defend the weak and help all their countrymen as a matter of course. But errant knights were rare, even rarer in the years after the Border War as the ranks had not yet swelled large enough to replace all those who were lost. Most of those who survived and wandered were Reapers, the rarest knight of all. And though over the ten years the Winchesters had spent in Horsetown, they’d seen them stop in now and again for news and orders, it was still exciting to see them so close—and two at once!
a mage.”
“Dean,” Sam breathed, eyes wide.
Bobby sighed. “How much of that did you idjits hear?” he asked without bothering to look up.
A trait like that could make a bag of dicks like Metatron double down like a it’s a challenge. But Sam was right that
“Mary,” said Dad.
Suddenly Dean couldn’t wait another second. He tugged lightly on Cas’s bicep, who obligingly turned over. Though he was mostly asleep still, his face lit up when he saw Dean, fully happy and without artifice.
The man in question grunted, already undoing the ropes around the horse’s neck as if they’d personally affronted him. Sam jumped to help his as the others holding the ropes handed them off into his care. Dean slipped from Impala’s back and gave her a small pat on the rump, letting her know she could wander off for the time being.
“His name is Angel,” said Dean.
Castiel nickered lightly, and Dean was pretty sure he was being laughed at. Then the horse turned toward the back of the cottage, body trailing after the graceful curve of his neck. He ambled past the stained glass of the sun room, now dim in the moonlight, and found a nice large patch of grass within the garden fence. The stallion heaved himself down with a sigh, then blinked at Dean expectantly.
Ellen, like Bobby, pretended not to notice. “Alright, unpack the baskets.”
“In passing,” said Sam.
A chorus of agreement rose up at that, “It’s not cool enough!” and “That’s a rank, not a name!” and the like. Suggestions were tossed about from Michael and Hannah, the old sovereigns’ names, to weapons like Battle-ax, or spells like Blaster, referring to a particularly wicked Reaper trick that explodes whatever it lands on.
An odd series of expressions flit across Dean’s face, too fast for Bobby to parse them. But there was no doubt it hardened into suspicion and defiance. “I’m not selling her,” he said. “Impala’s my family, just like Sam.”
“What he means is that intention carries more weight, when you approach magic more naturally,” said Rowena, popping a blueberry into her mouth. She was lying on her side, head propped up in her hand. “Between Fergus and Castiel we have a decent idea of what spells may have joined together, but that’s only half the problem.”
“Yeah,” he said.
The sight and sound of the water awakened thirst in all three of them. Sam and Dean slipped off of Angel’s back, and they knelt at the river to cup water in their hands, while the horse lowered his weary head. The water was bitingly cold. They drank it anyway, and drank some more, drank until their bellies ached.
“Right,” said Bobby, showing enviable patience. “This horse got a pedigree?”
Sam took a deep breath to gather himself. “Okay, so Rowena, Crowley, and I had made it into the crowd. It got really big, just like Crowley said it would, so we spread apart and activated the spell on the stones. It worked. Everything that was said between you in the castle, half the city could hear.”
He looked up from the coin. “What do you mean?”
“Oh, right,” he said, yawning. “Semantics is the study of words and their meanings. She was saying that practically, a mage or whoever could eventually become powerful enough to seem godlike whether they were divine or not. I think she meant Chuck and Amara.”
Gadreel yelled, lifting his sword, but Metatron was quicker: with a flick of his wrist Gadreel was thrown clear across the room against a marble column and crumpled to the floor, unmoving. Castiel charged next, but the king lifted his other hand and blew, and the prince clattered to a stop, armor and all. The stun powder. Then he turned to Dean as he went for him next. He didn’t even try to defend himself as Dean threw a punch, putting the entire weight of his body behind it.
But all they could do was keep their promise. They waited with Angel, who still gnashed his teeth at anyone else who came near him, especially Gadreel, who’d come back to check on the stallion. He did not try to reach for the halter twice. “The king arrives soon,” he said simply, and stood by the mechanism that would open the gate of the chute.
“Well!” she huffed, her supercilious veneer back in place. “It’s not like we have a choice on whom to back
“Yurr mage?” Sam asked through his own mouthful.
“Now that’s
Dean shook his head at most of these. “Horses aren’t tools, remember?” he reminded them.
Dean raised his eyebrows and looked to Sam, who frowned and shrugged. They looked to Jo, whose wink to them was hidden from Bobby by the floppy brim of her hat.
“Then the child screamed,” Sam whispered. “And it turned into this hideous, animal sound…like a horse squealing in pain…” He shook his head, as if ridding himself of his own memory. “Just a dream, right?” he said, with a small, sad little smile.
—Raphael’s queendom. The spelling of the name “Rafael” is meant to approximate a latinate spelling of the Greek Raphael. “-ia” is a classical noun ending, in this case (ha!) in honor of Greek.
“There’s just so much to be done,” Cas said ruefully. “If there were a more expedient way, I would take it. I have not yet learned to appear and reappear as Reapers do.”
He wished he didn’t.
Cas snorted, but accepted the offering, snatching it right from his hand and grinding it to a pulp in a few short chomps. Though Castiel seemed to trust him, Dean eyed the mage warily.
This horse, this beautiful, mean, proud fucking horse, who never once let a person stay on his back long enough to crow they’d done it, had carried Dean for at least five hours to the point of
“I’m not—I’m not completely sure what happened that day,” he said. “But you weren’t just dying, Dean. You were dead.”
“The horse ain’t worth more than a hundred crowns, max,” Rufus agreed.
She winked. “So they tell me.”
“So maybe he’s lived long enough to have regrets.”
A deep breath. Another. Sam wiped stray tears from his face and sat back up. He stared dully at the garden tools. “I dream of Hellfire. The screams as the people died in our village.” He shivered. “I dream of the Yellow-Eyed Demon and his teeth when he smiled. But I see black-eyed Demons, too, and how they battle each other. I think it’s practice but it’s…it’s disgusting. They rip each other apart. Sometimes with magic, sometimes with bare hands. And I think…” For the next part, he forced himself to look back at Rowena. Dared her to challenge him. “I think I see Lucifer.”
He took a fortifying slug of ale before he slumped back against the bench. Sam and Jo scooted to face him, and waited. “Dad’s version didn’t really go like the king’s,” he said. “None of that servitude bullcrap. Like Bobby always says, take care of the horse—”
“Dean Winchester,” Metatron said with false warmth, loud enough for all the spectators to hear. “Welcome!”
“Are you listening to yourself? If he was in league with Lucifer, why is he still a horse?”
“Shit,” said Dean. “Shit,
“Whazzat mnn?” Dean asked through his pastry. He wiped some jam and cream off his lip and sucked it from his thumb, letting another little groan escape. They say hunger is the best spice, but this seriously might be the best shit he’s ever eaten.
She rolled her eyes. “Oh, Charles did his work well.”
“Stop!” came a man’s shout. “Traitors! Traitors to the crown!”
The king smiles and steps up to Impala, respectfully bowing his head. “Impala, may I have the honor of serving you?”
“She’s been worried sick,” said Sam. “We all have, but it was worse for her. She hates the city so much but she wouldn’t leave the castle grounds. I’ve been taking care of her all I can. The staff don’t like that I let her in here sometimes. Though Cas is nice about it, made sure you had a room on the ground floor.”
Jo had already run ahead at her mother’s bidding, and was waiting to let them into the gate. The only light was coming from a lantern she was holding, but the moon was mostly full and Bobby knew the way well, after years of being friends with the Harvelles. The boys followed along with their horse, though Bobby was surprised they weren’t using a rope or halter of any kind. Jo unlocked the gate when they were close and shoved it open. They stepped inside and Bobby led them past the garden and the chicken coop and toward the barn. After clanging the gate shut behind them, Jo ran ahead again to unlock the barn doors. Then she flit from lantern to lantern, lighting the inside.
Dean's knee-jerk response was to protest the name-calling, but the alternative was to argue that he was more aligned with the nobles and yeah, no. So he settled for taking an obnoxious, bumpkin-like slurp from his tiny-ass teacup.
Impala gives a small toss of the head to the south, flaring her nostrils.
and he was surrounded by food! He tried ripping it up with his hands, pawing at the ground before he remembered. Indignity upon indignity, he stuck his mouth into the grass like a dog in his bowl, and pulled.
Dean stretched a little, dragging his left arm back to his side, fingers bumping along Cas’s scars. He rubbed his eyes open properly and frowned down at them. They looked worse, much worse than they had the night before. There were some thin ones, white and completely smooth, but others were raised and red, still angry looking after all these months. He rested his forehead on Cas’s back; that night when he’d found Angel whipped half to death in his stall was horrifying enough, but knowing that it had been a man, that it had been
Bobby went back to the tavern for his breakfast.
“Dean,” said Sam, urgently. More voices rose with Bobby’s downstairs.
With surprising strength, Sam hoisted himself onto the stable wall near Impala’s head and started picking apart the knots in her mane. With the barest of touches on her flank to let Impala know he was there, Dean knelt by her hind legs and lifted one massive hoof from the ground. Bobby watched in some astonishment how, despite not having any tools at his disposal, he made sure it was clean and healthy. Kid really did know his way around horses.
Even though she couldn’t reach full speed, Dean was still no match for her, but damned if he wasn’t going to try. He followed the blue-white trail, so bright in the dark forest, and then somebody was on him, grabbing him, a large hand pressing hard against his mouth to muffle his yells—
The next day Gadreel ordered that the grooms and hands round up the head horses of all the little bands that had formed among the royal stock, to see what affect their alpha natures would have on Angel, if any. One by one they were led into the paddock, but not only did these horses not challenge Angel, they had no interest in him either. Mare and stallion alike would just mind their own business on the opposite side of the paddock, bored in the packed dirt without grass to graze on, and all the humans and horses on the other side of the fence. Angel himself was perfectly content being ignored and ignoring in turn. For the first time he let some exhaustion show; he was still alert, always tracking Gadreel who for the moment was on the outside of the paddock, but he didn’t move much elsewise. It made Dean worried for him. Horses needed to eat pretty much constantly, and spending all day in the paddock without food and little water was wearing him down. At night, when Angel stood in his stall under the thrall of the spell, Sam and Dean would groom him and fill his trough with sweet hay and hearty oats, and place a couple buckets of cool water. When they woke in the morning it would be all gone, but it was simply not enough for the stallion to stay healthy.
King Metatron did an exaggerated turn, as if he’d only just caught sight of the black stallion he’d made the journey for. “Is this the horse you were telling me of, Gadreel?”
“Wrrr…lssstt…” Sam gasped out.
Sam and Dean would play Demons and Reapers with the other children in the village when all their chores were done. But none of Michael’s Reapers were here to defend them now, and this Demon was oh, so very real.
Sam picked up the metal handle from where it was embedded in the middle of the door, and pulled. When it didn’t move, he curled both hands around it and tried again, with all the considerable strength he had from a decade of mucking stalls and wrangling horses. Still nothing: not even a squeak from the screws keeping the handle in place.
Many horses had scattered to the winds, but not all: more hoofbeats thundered onto the plain behind them. Pursuit.
Cas shook his head.
Salinger violently shrugged off Sam’s hands and marched up to Gadreel, tugging his horses behind him by the reins. “I demand to speak to the king!”
But when he went up to Gadreel, the horsemaster raised a hand to forestall him. “Yes,” he said. “I believe that’s enough.” He made some signal to his trainers, who coiled their whips and backed away. He reached into his pocket, pulling out the hated pouch of powder.
“I disagree,” she snapped, eyes flashing. “Only someone with power can come past my warding which makes you very much a threat. Must have been you,” she added, looking to Sam. “What did you do to the horse? He can’t be a familiar. What is he?”
Dean kicked him under the table, causing Sam's tea to slosh onto his fingers. If that wasn't enough to cow him, Crowley gave him a look so scathing Dean could almost imagine the steam was curling from his ears instead.
“I’m not asking you to sell her, boy,” said Bobby, exasperated. “ I can see you love her, plain as day. I’m asking you to come with her.”
Bobby sighed. “Gods willing,” he said, taking the door from Sam and shutting the stallion in.
“I said take Angel with you, boy, and go. Go now!”
But then, a miracle.
And sometimes, when it was quiet, when it was just the two of them, Angel seemed to respond to Dean in ways that not even Impala did.
“The truth will out,” said Sam.
Impala turns toward home. The sun sets behind them as she trots back to the stables, their shadow long in front of them on the grass. Mount Heaven looms dark and massive above the plains, fires large and small flickering in windows and guttering over the streets. The sun reflects off the glass in jeweled shades of pink and purple. The Royal Stables themselves lay dim and silent at its feet, lit only by a single beam of light spilling from its partially open door. As they come closer a figure steps into the opening, silhouetted by the lanterns inside. It is not Dean’s squire Claire who awaits them at this late hour, nor Bobby, nor even Sam.
Bobby had downed the whiskey left in his glass. “And what about the other stolen kids?” he’d mumbled.
“Heya, Cas,” said Dean.
Her lips turned up slightly, as if she knew exactly the kind of effect she was having on him and found it amusing. “We passed the stablemaster on the way in and he told us if we wanted our horses to get the best treatment after a long journey, to bring them to the Winchesters.”
“But the Lasso passed right through him,” Sam was saying.
“Alright. I’ll think of something.”
“In essence,” said Rowena, “his intent was to separate Castiel from his power and from his people. He was convinced of the prince’s unworthiness. Ergo, the prince must prove himself worthy.”
His eyes widened in shock and his mouth twisted in horror. “What have I done?” he pleaded. “The last thing I would ever wish you is harm. Tell me what I have done so that I may fix it.”
He left his brother to the books, and did a little more exploring. Between the irregular gaps the shelves made, something was shining in the sod, where no roots penetrated. He grabbed one of the hanging flower lanterns and titled it closer.
Sam thought of Billie, and how despite her loyalty to the crown, she was willing to believe them. She was willing to believe that maybe Metatron was not quite the magically ordained monarch he seemed. He thought of Lady Tasha, too, and how she twisted together pouches and poured ingredients into flasks. How Max could handle them with the same deftness, but Alicia could never seem to get them quite right, the mixes changing into the wrong color or releasing pungent smells.
Finally Angel seemed to think the whips the lesser of evils, and tried breaking between two trainers. Not suspecting this, they didn’t pull their blows, and the stallion squealed in pain when they slashed across his legs, causing him to stumble.
"Were," Dean corrected. "We
Even though that’s exactly the eventuality everyone had been preparing for, the piazza burst into an even bigger flurry of movement. Squires and pages made their loose lines tight and even, dirty stable kids scattered, and everyone else was running to and fro putting in that one last touch. Sam and Dean stood in the center of it all, the still horse the eye of a frantic storm.
The small figure clad in her black Reaper’s cloak, however, did not rush to aid the king. “Once and for all, Your Majesty, I’d like to hear the real story.”
He opened the door and walked down the garden path, Castiel right behind him. The thorny gate opened of its own accord, ushering them out.
Instead of refuting it, Sam leaned forward and loosed the ties at the collar of his shirt. Gently, he tugged it down over Dean’s left shoulder. Impala lifted her head out of Dean’s grip to nose it, then turned her head and sneezed. His skin was no longer decorated with a splash of freckles. Now a raised pink scar in the shape of a handprint wrapped his shoulder. Cautiously he reached up his right hand to touch it. His fingertips tingled, though that could have been his imagination.
“Thanks, gorgeous,” he murmured. A little louder, “Shove back, Sammy.”
After a split second of thought, Metatron spread his arms and shrugged. “Sure! Why not? What would you like to hear?”
In one swift movement, he stood and skirted around the edge of the patch, patting his hands free of the dirt. He walked toward the village’s remains, not caring whether Sam or the horses followed. With long strides he soon reached the first of the jumbled piles of stones, but walked past them still. Those stones had been the well in the village center. And that large pile, the hearth in the smithy. And past the last of the cottages of the single dirt path, another hill, mostly burnt, with its own little pile of stones to mark were a chimney had once stood.
“What if they take her away from me? Or they say they’ll let us stay, but then they won’t?” Bobby could see the longing in Dean’s eyes, like he wanted to believe it was that easy, but just couldn’t.
“Come, come now, Dean.” He sat back up and smiled indulgently, somehow believing that despite the fact he’d sent fucking
—A major river of Michaeretz, though smaller than the Voda. It trickles down from the Micharim and passes not too far from Mt. Heaven, to which it supplies water, and travels across the country until emptying into the Eastern Marshes. It retains a vulgarized version of its ancient name, which would have been
Thankfully Rufus had kept the metal in good shape, and nothing needed the forge to be fixed. Benny knocked out a few dents while Dean and Bobby finished the grooming, and Rufus picked out a lovely blue and gold cloth for under the saddle. Then, between Bobby and Rufus’s knowhow, they made quick work of assembling it on Castiel himself, all under Impala’s curious gaze.
He must have appeared right behind Impala, his arm still outstretched as if to grab her tail. Mom and Dad were both wrapped around him, trying to bring him down; Mom had lost her sword and was attempting a headlock; Dad was digging a knife between the ribs Impala had crushed. Even as Dean watched, the Demon flickered out with his parents and flashed closer again, just out of reach, and too close to the hamlet’s Hellfire: a single spark jumped and landed on Mom, whose clothing immediately went up in flame. She screamed but didn’t let go.
“That’s a folktale,” said Sam.
“This ain’t charity,” she retorted. “There will be plenty of time for milking and mucking tomorrow. I have to worry about you taking off before helping with morning chores?”
Just then, Sam came tottering back in with the large bucket, full to the brim. Bobby helped him lift it onto a hook in the nearest stall, while Dean took their meager belongings from Impala’s back. Docilely, as if she hadn’t crippled a man ten minutes before, Impala walked into the stall with no prompting and stuck her nose right in the bucket. As she drank, Dean took Sam’s bow and put it in the far corner of the stall. He took the sword off from his back and set it there, too, so that anyone who might want it would have to get past their enormous horse first.
The three of them are silent for awhile. The water splashes as they wring out their cloths and dip them in the tub for clean water, and Dean hums a tune under his breath. It isn’t until they move on to brushing, the gentle scrape against her hide only slightly louder than the soft snorts and stamps coming from farther in the stables, when Castiel speaks. “All week you’ve been coming in late,” he says.
Damn right, they would. A line of men and women had already formed outside the arena even though the even wasn’t scheduled until the afternoon. For the low, low price of a halfpenny anyone could have a go. Added all up, though, the king was about to earn a fortune without even raising taxes.
“But as I studied at the royal university, I have learned their version of the craft and am
When the black horse’s whinnies reached the human ears of the courtyard, most of the muttering fell off. The pounding of hooves sounded loud on the packed dirt of Horsetown proper, and soon all could see the four men with their equine prize. Just as Dean had suspected, they were liberal with their crops both on their own horses, and on the black one when they thought it was out of line. It was made doubly worse by the simple fact that there was no real urgency to their arrival, no reason to spur their mounts into speed excepting, of course, the fact that these assholes wanted to make an entrance.
Castiel gave him an expressive look that Dean took to mean
Sam sucked in a breath, as she laid his deepest, darkest secret out in the open. “Yes.” His voice cracked. “I’m him.” This time, he couldn’t stop the tears from spilling over, one after the other.
The roaring grew louder.
Jo shrugged. “Suit yourself. You?” she asked Sammy. He shook his head vigorously.
“You really are more intelligent than you seem, aren’t you? The answer of one follows the other. Charles,” she began, “or Chuck, when he wasn’t suffering from delusions of grandeur, never much got along with his sister Amara. Their oneupmanship over the centuries caused them to become the most powerful mages in the world. They invented magery, in fact, divorcing from nature and forgetting witchcraft. But then their petty squabbles turned into heated battles. Their mastery engendered eager followers, in some cases worshipers. Their acolytes turned on one another and there was full scale war, even among those without magic of their own. Soon the entire continent had to pick a side, or get crushed in the middle.
Again and again people leapt onto his back and starved, hurting, still the stallion fought. He bucked with all his strength, whinnied his defiance, and each time when he was led back into the chute, Dean could have sworn that Angel sought him out every time, both pride and pleading in his eyes. Dozens of people went, scores, with hardly a break in-between them; it went on so long that any lesser horse would long have collapsed with exhaustion. And still,
By habit, Bobby was an early riser. As stablemaster at such a large stable, there were plenty of grooms and pages he had to roust out of bed. Plenty of chores needed to get done before the knights came out to train with their steeds, or servants and citizens looking for a horse to help them with the day’s work. Bobby didn’t mind keeping busy, though. Too many thoughts can encroach upon you in the dark.
Late that night, when the revelers were still carousing but the horses were safe in the stables, Dean left Angel dozing in his stall and Sam sleeping in the loft, and went looking for a couple of apples. Luckily he was able to find a vendor still selling, and bought one each for Angel and another for Impala whenever she decided to return.
Dean goes through several brushstrokes before answering. “Like we need to be ready.”
By the time the westering sun was just touching the horizon, the burned patches were becoming more frequent. When dusk began to pull a veil over the land Dean felt, with a shudder of his heart’s broken pieces, where Impala was headed. And when she slowed to a walk, he knew.
Dean awoke to a slight, cool pressure on his stomach.
“Your concern has been noted, Stablemaster,” Gadreel replied impatiently. “Besides which the king has commanded it. Shall I disobey him?” When this was met with silence he said, “The new supply of stun powder, Lady Tasha.”
The throne room looked empty at first; there was a single red runner laid on the stone floor that drew the eye directly to the dais with the golden throne. On its red cushion sat King Metatron, crown on his head. “Dean!” he greeted. “Come in.”
For the rest of the night, the horses kept going. In the past, when Sam and Dean had needed a quick getaway, Impala could trot with both of them on her back for miles and miles, and it seemed the intervening years of plenty hadn’t changed that. But by the time the sun was just beginning to make itself known to their left, spreading rosy fingers across the vast sky, Angel could no longer keep up. His hide was soaked with sweat, and his chest heaved with massive breaths. Angel dropped to a walk, then stumbled to a stop.
As her Dean now finishes with her tail, Castiel carefully combs through her forelock. Then, making sure Dean does not notice, he takes a kerchief from his pocket and gives her horn a quick polish. His magic has grown of late, and he has just recently begun to see it, in the dusk or dawn, out of the corner of his eye. He has not, however, rediscovered the horse that still lives inside of his soul and gone running with her across the plains. But soon, she is certain of it. She appreciates, too, that he mentions nothing to her Dean, and respects her secrets. Dean must come to understand the bond they share in his own time.
With the ability to act, Dean felt himself calm. “You know,” he said, loudly enough that it resonated in the room, “you keep calling that horse Commander. And here I thought his name was Castiel.”
. “Now that my mother’s found someone else she delights in bossing around, and tomorrow we’re taking on king and possibly country, I’m off to bed. I suggest you do so as well.” He stood and smoothed out his jacket. To Castiel he sketched a small bow. “Your Highness.” Then he slipped through the door to the sun room. Dean could hear him climb the stairs, and then walk across the creaky wooden floorboards above.
“Yeah, and now I’m gifting it to you. Because Michael wasn’t your only parent, and maybe if the people want you to be king, it’s not him they’re thinking of, huh?”
The cottage rocked back and forth as it scuttled away.
“He picked me up, and I kicked him. But he just laughed and then he got out this powder, a yellow powder, and blew it in my face. It reeked of rotten eggs. And then I couldn’t move.” He looked at Rowena, eyes watering, begging her to understand. “He started choking Dean and I would do anything for my brother,
Castiel lifts his hands to Dean’s waist. “Should I risk it?” he whispers.
“So how are we doing this?” asked Dean.
Dean noted that he hadn’t suggested exactly
“Okay. Fine.” Dean lifted his chin. “Then I accept your job offer.”
“Hit a nerve, did we?”
“Yes,” said Crowley primly.
“Not that I’d be opposed,” she added.
When Castiel first turned into a horse, he had no idea what he was.
The sound of hooves pounding through the underbrush.
“Publicity stunt,” Rufus grunted.
“But it’s true! Bobby has a history book that talks all about how after the Final War only very few large animal species survived in any great number on Chamara…”
, the word/root for “mountain(s)” in several Germanic languages. Thus, Loki’s Mountains.
“I hardly think he needs the extra prompting,” said the horsemaster.
“This is a story that many of you may not have heard of, though it’s one of the oldest of Michaeretz. I think, though, Robert,” added the king, turning to Bobby, “that you horse people might still tell it?”
Dean cracked an eye. “Hm?”
“I mean that for most of her life, Hannah was as cold and detached as Michael. Why do you think they got along so well?”
By the time dawn came, there was no choice.
Metatron didn’t seem to be worried about his height in the least, thought, as he walked confidently toward the still horse, purple cloak swishing about him. The stallion’s breathing, however, was getting worse. Though he was facing forward horses could see perfectly well to their sides, and all this pomp and circumstance was clearly bothering him, as well as being immobile. He could also just be spooked by the gold glinting in every direction, Dean allowed.
Gadreel did not come to Horsetown the day after the festival. It was just as well; Angel was allowed to get some real sleep, and he ate his fill whenever his eyes weren’t closed. Sam and Dean were mostly involved in the clean up and reacclimating everyone to their daily routine. Dean told no one of the king’s offer, and he had hope that it wouldn’t come up again. Surely the monarch had more important things to worry about than a lowly groom, and there was no way that Gadreel could so easily be cast aside.
Metatron swung the sword above Dean—the metal flashed in the light—then he brought it down, driving the blade into his gut.
The rider stopped their horse several feet away. Slowly, they lifted their gloved hands and pulled back their hood. It was the Lady Billie. “Nice night for it,” she said, in her deep, measured tone.
. My parents told Dean to leave with me and they stayed behind to give us a chance. I couldn’t turn my head, I didn’t see them die like Dean did, but I could see the people burning in the village. And I could hear Dean crying.” He dropped his head into his hands. He would never forget the sound of Dean’s anguish, as long as he lived.
“Can we eat yet?” asked Jo. Sam stood next to her with wide puppy eyes. They were both more soaked than a simple hand and face washing warranted.
“Definitely not a horse, but no longer quite human anymore either,” Rowena said at last.
The king barely spared a glance at Bobby; his focus was completely on the horse. After a moment of staring, he slowly walked around the stallion, hands behind his back, the silver and gold brocade of his doublet shining in the daylight. As he came around the far side of the horse, he passed very close to Sam and Dean without paying them any heed, his sharp light eyes roving sharply over every inch of the stallion’s form. In that look Dean finally saw a hint of the powerful mage he had to be to inherit the crown. A cloud of perfume pulled past their noses in his wake.
Lady Billie eloquently spread her hands. “Fleeing south does make it look suspicious.”
Crowley didn’t agree, but then he didn’t disagree either. He poured himself another cup of tea, and topped it off with more milk. “So that was the last I saw of the prince,” he said. “What’s your story?” He sipped, made a face, and then blew on his drink. A curl of new steam spiraled up from the ripples.
“What’s that?”
When she was certain they weren’t going to have another go, she turned the full of her attention on the strange boys. The younger one was clutching the other boy’s hand again, whose nose and mouth were both dripping blood. “Don’t you boys know it’s asking for trouble leaving a black horse out in the open like this?”
“They called us traitors,” Sam said softly. “Did you hear?”
“And then, you. A bouncing little blue-eyed baby. She felt tremendous pain when she gave birth, and tremendous joy when she held you. One day she was ice, and the next day she melted back into a human being. When she left the castle she recognized you in the arms of other parents, and soon she began to recognize herself.
He finally found him in a little used sitting room. It was mostly decorated in dark wood and a thick green carpet, and windows that looked out onto the courtyard and further in the distance, Horsetown. But Castiel was not looking south. He was looking north, where two tall paintings dominated the wall. On the left was Queen Hannah in three quarters profile, dark hair swept up in an elegant style and wearing a blue dress to bring out her eyes. In the right painting was also Queen Hannah in three quarters profile, but in her masculine body, short dark hair and dark eyes and a lovely blue doublet fitting her station.
He stared hard at her, studied her relaxed posture and the curious tilt of her head. He could find no sign of subterfuge. “A Demon,” he said at last. “A Berserker Demon.”
Crowley sat down at the table next to Dean and across from Sam, and poured milk into his own purple teacup. "Well then, boys," he said. "Sam and...?"
are the only one that passed.”
Angel rumbled, a deep, pained sound.
He yelled in answer, a scream from deep down inside of him, in his hidden depths, the part that was still the boy watching his parents die. If this was to be his end, then he would live up to their legacy: he would fight. He would kick, and grab, and gouge out her fucking eyeballs until his last breath.
“More,” Dean breathed. “Show me more.”
“What’s the matter?” Sam asked.
The kid looked away. Definitely a flight risk.
But Sam was happy here, and sometimes Dean was too, and it wasn't a bad life. Didn't mean Dean wasn't going to enjoy the peace that settled between them, just them and the  grass and the sky.
“One thousand,” the horsemaster repeated calmly.
Each morning began before dawn, every one a little cooler than the day before, until the sun rose and hard work warmed them up. Between feeding and mucking and grooming, Sam and Dean ran around and performed the odd jobs they were getting roped into left and right and, when they had time and Impala was willing, practiced their trick riding in anticipation of extra coin. Most everyone was in a good mood, the excitement of the upcoming festival infectious.
“Whatever,” she said. Jo turned and without a backward glance, ran under Impala’s belly without even having to duck her head. The darkness swallowed her up, and soon it was just her lantern bobbing away into the distance.
It felt like it had been a week since Dean had slept, though it had only been a day. But the old fear, the constant anxiety from their days of wandering rose up inside him as if it had never truly gone. And maybe it hadn’t. Because that niggling, nervous energy kept his eyes open and senses alert. He had to protect himself, and Sam, and the horses, and reached to fulfill that goal with every fiber of his being. And so he sat without moving, even as Angel ambled near Sam and laid down for a deeper sleep. Impala stilled several feet away, head drooped low, dozing.
“Ah,” she said. “The Border War.”
The Reaper raised an eyebrow. “Assassins? That’s what you’re going with?”
“I’ll stay with you, Baby,” he promised. “Sam, take Angel and go.”
Salinger huffed and mounted his horse. “We can look after our own property,” he sneered, cruelly digging his spurs into his steed’s flanks. His buddies followed suit, and soon they were gone. And good riddance.
Like lightning Cas lowered his head, snapping his sharp teeth mere feet away from Metatron. Smoke curled from his nostrils.
They wasted no more time. They started hauling the armor out, piece by piece, inspecting them for damage. For all other equipment they chose pieces of black leather and shiny silver buckles. Dean had just set about giving Castiel a quick brush when Bobby burst back in, Benny in tow.
“Because he’s a fugitive.”
It wasn’t until the moon was halfway across the sky when he saw a large bird wheel around the side of the butte, wings outstretched. Dean held his breath. It could be a hawk, but maybe—?
Bobby gently touched the black stallion’s flank, in the just the spot that encouraged horses to move. Magicked into compliance, he responded easily and with some coaxing was led to the nearest bathing area in the stables. Here the floor was stone and easily mopped, right near a pump where they could fill buckets with water. Between Sam and Dean several buckets were pumped full in short order, and they wasted no time in splashing the horse, whose muscles didn’t so much as twitch. The three men scrubbed him down washing the dirt and sweat away. Though they said nothing, all of them looked darkly at the ring the ropes had chafed around the stallion’s neck, and were most gentle there.
Impala roared in rage, and it stoked his own.
“Of course not! A soldier is still a soldier, even in peacetime, and when Lucifer looked to challenge Michael the only way he knew how to respond was with force.”
“Why children?”
“Yes!” said Jo.
In the blink of an eye the figure was standing in front of Sam. Its dark cloak whirled in an unnatural breeze before settling, bringing with it a wave of foul, fetid air that reeked of sulfur. Up close Dean could see, just barely in the moonlight, runes that were woven into the cloth, black on black. “What have we here?” it asked. Large hands reached out and grasped Sam around his chest, and lifted the boy high as if he weighed nothing. The figure’s hood fell back to reveal a man, short-haired and pale-skinned, a grin stretching his mouth wide. His eyes were bright yellow.
Another Stunner, this one catching on a tree trunk somewhere between him and Sam, close enough that this time he could smell acrid hints of ozone and burnt feathers. The Speed spell had already done its damage: Tessa was near.
She sighed and looked out the windows into her garden. “There have been many wars, Sam, long before the Border War. I fought against him ere he was ever made king, when his father Charles was trying to purge the land of all the most powerful magical practitioners in the land. No one could catch me, of course, until Lucifer.” She smoothed her dress over her knees. “Hellfire was new back then. He’d cooked it up himself. I had no idea what was coming. I burned, Sam,” she said, tears coloring her voice, though her eyes were hard. “I am not exaggerating when I tell you it was for hours. I was too powerful, even back then, for the fire to make a quick job of it. And yes, Lucifer smiled, and he laughed, and he sat my wee little boy on his lap, and bounced him up and down as I screamed.” She leaned forward in her chair, and Sam mirrored her. “He waited until I was a blackened, burnt out husk before kidnapping my dear Fergus and leaving me for dead. But I was not dead, oh no.” She was gripping the chair arm she was leaning over so hard her knuckles turned white. “My magic recovered me slowly, painfully, layer by layer. And over those wretched months of recovery I swore I’d find him. I’d bide my time until I was powerful enough to take him, and I would
“What?”
Angel blew air at him, lips flapping, for all the world as if he’d understood the sarcasm.
Ah. Crowley hadn’t known how much of it Castiel remembered. “Metatron was never in a demon camp,” he said. “He’s never known how to really inflict pain.”
“You have a deep well of untapped potential, Sam. Far too much, in fact, to have had no sign of it, which is probably why you asked. You’d make a fine witch with the correct training.” She gracefully spread her hands. “What did you think I meant?”
Dean’s eyes bulged as he dropped the gold into his hands. “But I haven’t done anything yet!”
Angel walked forward into the clearing and against all instinct, Sam and Dean followed.
Dean sheathed his sword and displayed his empty hands. “
“SAM!” Dean yelled in warning. He dug his heels into Angel’s flanks, as he rarely ever did with a horse, and though the stallion was at his limit, he pushed just that much more, pulling almost even with Impala.
Dean hurried away from the window, double checked that candles were lit so Cas would know he was still awake, and sat on his bed, hands twisting in his lap.
Suddenly the horse’s eyelids blinked open, and Dean found himself reflected in one enormous blue eyeball. The stallion’s chest heaved and a bunch of air punched out of his throat, but only a very slight vocalization came though. This had his eyes growing wider, rolling up so the whites were visible, and his breaths became rapid. But his legs, neck, tail, and head did not move, almost as if they were disconnected from the rest of him.
“NO!” Dean shouted, and braced for impact.
“Auditions for what?” he said.
“You’re being too forgiving, Cas.”
The reaction was instant and hilarious. Sam startled and tried sitting up, but his scrambled limbs pulled him off the chairs and onto the floor. Dean laughed, the first real laugh for days. His brother sat on the tiles and glared. “Not funny,” he said, muffled through the glass.
Seeing he wasn’t in trouble, Dean loosened up. “Tch, obviously.”
“Come along, Sam!” called Rowena, rounding the back of the cottage. Sam appeared a moment later looking tired, but hell, who wasn’t? Rowena halted next to Cas and put her hands on her hips. “What do you think, Fergus? Learn anything at that university of yours that could reverse the dear prince’s enchantment?”
It just made Bobby more determined. “No one’s going to take her away from you. And you’ll stay because I say so. Listen to me, Dean,” he said, and waited until the boy met his gaze. “I didn’t say it’s all going to be sunshine. It’s going to be hard work, dawn to dusk. But there will be three squares a day, and a roof over your head every night. For you. For your brother.”
Dean, barely noticing that Angel had stopped too, stumbled to the ground and raced to them, his family, uncaring of the magic which touched him not, and the Reaper he still couldn’t see. Sam was already standing back up so Dean wasted no time in drawing his sword and bringing it down on the nearest tendril. It parted the smoky substance, which instantly reformed and tried again for Impala, his mare, his beloved Baby. Sam tried too, and Angel seemed to be stamping on them—why hadn’t the stallion spooked and run?—but there was no use. The tendrils snapped around Impala’s legs, one by one, and Impala stopped trying to get away. Her whole body heaved with quick breaths, and sweat foamed across her coat, but she nuzzled Sam. Nuzzled Dean, who placed a hand on either side of her massive head.
Sadly his band of people were too far removed from her worshippers of old, and did not recognize her name. Instead his mind understood it to be the name of a deer from a distant land, one that his dam and sire sometimes mentioned in passing, great hunters as they were.
as Cas slowed down and dropped from a height. He landed softly on his toes on the windowsill, hands braced on the frame, making the curtains flap like banners before settling again. Lightly Cas stepped inside and shuddered; his wings folded in on themselves and disappeared.
People were no better. Most tried to catch him—some tried harder than others—but by the skin of his teeth he escaped their lassos, both the ropes and the magic variety, long blue white tendrils: a Reaper spell.
Nary a peep was heard, even from the pages, as after the carriage came more of the king’s guard, then nobles either resplendent in their finery riding horses, or hidden in (smaller) carriages of their own. But most of the procession was on foot, a long tail of faceless citizens following the king and his court to Horsetown. The very few times the king had visited before, Dean had still been young enough to gawk with the other stable kids: close enough to see the king was short, a little portly, with a curly mop of graying hair that left his golden crown half-hidden. Close enough to see his wide smile of white teeth, hear a hearty laugh, but never close enough to hear what was being said. He mostly ever talked to Gadreel when it came to horses anyway, and only a little to Bobby and Rufus.
Castiel must have seen some of the conflict on his face, for he nodded and looked away. “You must do as you feel is right,” he said. “But for my part, I—” He hunched his shoulders. Then he stood and walked to the end of the bed before facing him again. “I will be here, if ever you need me. For now, I will fetch Sam. He’s barely slept for worry.” He was almost out of the room, hand on the doorframe, before he turned back once more. “I would like to visit you again, perhaps after you’ve had more rest. May I?”
“I don’t know.”
Dean looked back ahead.
—An enormous butte rising from the Great Plains of Michaeretz. It is the country’s capital. I conceived the castle and city which dwell on it as an (un)holy amalgamation of Mont St. Michel (heh, still Michael), the towns that perch on the eroding
Sam and Dean shared a dark look at this behavior, but nevertheless continued after Bobby. It was customary when a horse was being presented to its owner, often a knight or noble, for the grooms who’d prepared it to be at hand to answer for their work. Generally the owners felt no need to even acknowledge them, however, and Dean hoped that proved the same for the king.
“Every night we feed him with—” He spluttered to a stop, realizing what she’d called the stallion.
Dean had to swallow a couple times before he was able to sound out the answer. “I think it’s—I think it’s where Mom and Dad died.”
Metatron preceded them into the castle, purple cloak swishing as he climbed the steps. They had barely followed him inside into the Great Hall when he split off to the side toward a small door hidden behind a column. “Somebody bring me Gadreel,” he commanded before disappearing.
“Yes.”
He could hear his parents yelling, the clash of blade on blade, the gritty magic words the Demon spit out. The sounds faded as Impala hit the bottom of the hill and started making an arc around their village, where every house burned and people moved in silhouettes of dark shadow from flame to flame.
“I won’t leave you again. I promise. I’m not gonna let them touch you again.” He took a chance, crawling a foot closer. Angel kept sharp watch but didn’t move. “I have a way. I’ll do it.” Another couple of feet, hand outstretched. “You just gotta trust me. Okay?”
The citizens remarked especially that it showed well for Prince Castiel, whom the day before the parliament had voted the new king. The first half of the day would be sunny, a reflection of his warmth, his kindness, and the love he had for his people. When the storms rolled in later, they would reflect his strength, his power, his winged wrath against those who would harm his people, the dark aspect of his love. Both of these were good qualities in a leader, they felt, and most were confident of his ascension to the throne.
“Regardless” - the crowd startled - “I have taken this as a sign. Whether this fine animal is a Great Horse or not, I trust in the expertise of my Royal Horsemaster. If he feels that this horse is meant for me, and that I am meant to ride this horse, who am I to argue? I accept this generous gift, Gadreel,” the king said graciously. “Of both your faith in my leadership, and of this beautiful creature.”
The next time Dean saw either Sam or Cas, they came to visit him together (though sadly not with Impala, who apparently spent most of her time in the garden outside Crowley’s newly reinstated study). Dean had a sneaking suspicion that Sam had brought Cas along because he could sense Dean’s apprehension of him. And while it was true that Castiel didn’t
Not long after that trumpets sounded. The boxes for nobles were across the way, and all but the biggest of them in the center were filled. Now the curtains opened and members of the king’s guard marched out, followed by the king himself. The crowd roared its approval, and for minutes on end Metatron waved. As he did so, an entire line of Reapers—a whole dozen, a number unheard of in recent years—came in after him, and sat in a row, hooded in their black cloaks and looking like crows lined up on a wall. Then the king sat, and the applause died down.
The horsemaster raised an eyebrow, mouth tightening as his eyes flicked to where the bit wasn’t sitting well in his steed’s mouth. “I am Royal Horsemaster Gadreel,” he said. “In all equine matters I speak for the king.”
Dean couldn’t argue that. The garden was haphazard and more than half creepy, but it was hearty and thriving. Cas stretched his neck and chose another apple for himself, straight from the tree.
Dean didn’t answer. Over the next crest a very large area of burnt land came into view, the small remnants of stone chimneys sticking up like broken teeth out of the ground. Their village.
last he ever saw of them, his mother hooked her burning fingers and gouged the Demon right in his yellow eyes, just as his father forced his knife and forearm all the way up the Demon’s ribcage, straight to the heart.
(greenness).
“Uh,” said Dean. “Your majesty.” He sketched a clumsy bow.
The aisles were quiet, though the reveling could still be faintly heard; there was just the sweet smell of horses and the snuffling of exhausted stable kids up in the lofts. The way was mostly lit by moonlight coming in the windows, though Dean had left a single lantern on, turned low, in their little wing. He tossed and caught the apples as he walked, pondering whether he could convince Gadreel to leave Angel alone for a day or two, or get Bobby to convince him.
“You were riding pretty hard and the horse isn’t shod,” said Bobby, still looking critically at the animal. “Have you been checking hooves?”
“They told me that you’d stolen my horse,” the king continued as the walked across the open square to the castle proper. He was still laying it on thick for the guards and attendants that paced them. “But it looks like you just needed a little time to finish breaking him in. Dean, you have made your king proud today.”
“No, she said ‘I don’t know, what chance
“Who? Never mind.” Bobby shook his head. “I thought I told you boys to leave and not look back. Then Impala’s causing a ruckus and you’re here hollering to wake the dead when half this place thinks you’re a traitor.”
Rumsfeld hung his head over his stall and watched her eat. He snorted and gave Bobby the stink-eye. Ellen laughed. “I didn’t forget you, you big lug.” She handed Bobby another carrot.
“Well,” Crowley shrugged. “You and Dean do share a profound bond.” When this statement was greeted with nothing but hunched shoulders, Crowley stepped a little closer. “Do you want my advice, little prince?”
Impala huffs a little blow in agreement.
“Well Chuck’s offspring were the best of them. The Archangels, they were called. They’re old enough to make me look like a spring chicken even now, and they have the centuries of studying magic to match. Michael, Lucifer, Raphael, Gabriel. The greatest warriors of the land: fierce, absolute. The smart Witches hid. The foolish ones perished.” She looked away, clearly counting herself among the latter group, despite her survival. “But when it was finished, Chuck couldn’t bear to strip his sons and daughter of their power, too. Bloody hypocrite.”
“Thanks, kid,” he said, lifting the pitcher and refilling his mug. He hand it back to her, but not before slipping her a small coin on the sly. Jo left his table with a satisfied look—he knew she was attentive to him because he tipped her better than he should.
King Lucifer, came the rumors from the southern border, was a great sorcerer, second only to their own King Michael. To his elite warriors he gave magic spells, which they wove into their armor and their weapons. More spells they wore in pockets and bottles and pouches, which they flung out in battle, causing mayhem and destruction wherever they fought. But Lucifer’s greatest gift, they said, was a spell that altered both body and mind, which he would breathe into them before every great battle: his warriors would become Berserker Demons who felt no pain, were imbued with a strength four times their own, and had no will but that of their lord. The concentration of sulfur in the spellwork and the great power it contained turned their eyes a glowing yellow. With Lucifer’s sorcery, a single Demon could take out an entire battalion. Or so they said.
pleased by the subservience of his subjects.
He’d gone to get a whip.
“Good luck with that,” said Rowena, half under her breath.
“Wonderful!” she said. “And?”
The cynical called it campaigning.
“The rumor mill speaks of Great Horses,” added Tessa, her smile turning wry.
They eyed the black stallion. He was still unmoving. Dean, almost without conscious thought, lifted a hand skritched the horse’s jaw. “What does Metatron want with you, buddy? And what made Gadreel so sure?”
Whatever it was, Dean never found out; an enormous
Sam huffed a laugh. “He did more than that, apparently. He grew wings. And by the time I got there—gods, the crowd was staging a riot and they couldn’t keep us all out anymore, and I had to see you were alright—by the time I got there he was a dragon.”
Today is a good day.
The window of Bobby’s little room on top of the tavern looked to the north. He opened it to breathe in some fresh air, and felt the cool bite of early autumn. The sun hadn’t quite hit the horizon yet, but the sky was brightening into a lighter blue. The barn was just starting to cast a shadow, a little ways away, and the cocks were crowing from the coop. The Reka River, not far beyond the garden, could just be heard over the early morning birdsong. Bobby only let himself enjoy it for a minute longer, though. He hurried through his morning ablutions, got dressed, and hustled down the stairs. Usually he wasn’t opposed to having a bit of breakfast before going out to see to the horses, but today he was eager to go out to the barn.
The morning’s cool, which had caused Sam and Dean to wake early from their straw beds, had seen them through the morning's chores of feeding the horses and mucking the stalls. Now the early autumn crisp of the wee hours had softened into a warm late summer's day, not too different from the day ten years ago that had them trotting up to a little town that happened to be where the Harvelles made their home.
“I told you, the truth will out. Even without using it much your magic is growing. It’s manifesting in dreams, which means you probably have the Sight. Berserker magic is strong, overwhelming, and very particularly Lucifer’s spell. Your brain has worried it in its steel jaws again and again and so in your dreams you seek it out. Tell me, when you’re
Without pause Dean threw himself toward his corner of the loft, and lifted his father’s sword from where it was buried in the straw. Still imbued with desperate strength, he grabbed the second assassin by his collar and yanked him from where he’d pinned Sam to the floor. Dean tossed him toward the wall. The assassin recovered and turned, but Dean was already on him; elbow and forearm he pressed to his ribs, the edge of his blade to the man’s neck. One of the assassin’s hands scrabbled for purchase, but his other arm hung loose at his side—dislocated or broken. Breathing heavily, Dean looked into his eyes, which were wide with fear. They were a dark color, made darker by the night. But he could see them. A thin trickle of blood slipped down the assassin’s throat.
Dean’s heart was pumping wildly, but he didn’t move. In a full out fight there was no beating a Reaper of her caliber. But why wasn’t she attacking? Were there any others, hidden in the shadows? He swallowed and licked his lips. “Lady Knight,” he acknowledged.
“There’s still so much I don’t understand,” said Sam. “Why was Charles purging magic? And why do Lucifer and his Demons want children so badly?”
Dean blinked and was surprised to see that most of the people around the fire had stopped talking, and were listening in. He took another swig of his drink to hide his startlement. Kevin, while in his awkward teenage years, was young enough still to dream of knighthood along with many of the other stable kids, before the reality of their station really sank in. He couldn’t help but give him a rueful smile. “Well, if you as a horse in your wandering across the land came across a kindred spirit, a man or a woman living a life of struggle without giving up on their goodness, you could bond with them, be their, ah—” he wracked his brain for the word his father had used. “Helpmeet,” he finally came up with. “And that’s how you know you’re on the right side of things. If a Great Horse thought you were worth sticking around for.”
Sure enough, when Angel found nowhere else to turn, he slowed to a walk and stopped within several feet of Dean. His own eyes filled with tears when he saw his sorry state, the sweat drenching his coat, the blood dripping from his legs. The battle between his eyes and his body language, defiance warring with defeat.
Bobby chuckled at the horrified look on Sam’s face. “Nah. Let’s get her taken care of, and you.”
“You need anything?” Dean asked him.
Near enough that Dean could hear the new chant without it growing preternaturally loud. It was a smaller spell, and one he’d heard before. One everyone in the royal stables had heard whenever they’d been tapped to help bring in mustangs for their growing livery.
“And if I say no?”
The news of the king’s challenge had spread faster than a plague; posters were nailed up around the town and criers shouted the news for those who couldn’t read. Metatron’s special black stallion had proved untamable. Perhaps he was a Great Horse? Perhaps only a certain person could ride him? The king would never presume that it was him! Any number of his loyal citizens could be worthy. Would they like to try?
Dean looked to Cas, who made no indication he was uncomfortable with the arrangement. “Be right back,” he said, giving him a pat.
“Do I look like an idjit to you?” Bobby snorted. “She can pick her own studs, you have my word.”
Dean and Castiel stood in the garden, Dean stroking his neck and gently untangling any knots he found in his mane. He figured someone would come out to find them eventually, and sure enough a few minutes later Crowley cleared his throat. He was leaning against the back corner of the cottage, and when Dean glanced over he nodded behind them, at the tree they were standing under. “Apples,” he said.
“Lucifer killed our parents,” Sam snarled. “We would never ally ourselves with him!”
The chanting stopped, their skulls ringing with its echoes. But still, she was gaining on them, eating up the distance with supernatural speed, glowing brighter than the nascent sunlight.
With space to work with, the brothers drew up on either side of the stallion, flanking him as they walked toward the hedge and its twisted little gate. With clear caution the horse lowered his head to sniff at the gate. No sooner had his sensitive nose lightly brushed it, than its thorny branches writhed into life. Even a horse’s swift instincts were no match for the preternatural speed of the plants, which shot out and wrapped around Angel’s neck. With startled cries Sam and Dean immediately went about hacking them with their knives, but as soon as they attacked, roots ripped through the soil at their feet and started winding up their legs. “Dean!” Sam shouted: his knife was making no headway. Dean reached for his sword, but a branch reached out from the hedge to snap around his wrists. Angel whinnied and pulled with all his strength, but in less than a minute they were all wrapped in plants, stiff and immobile from neck to foot. “S-Sam,” Dean tried. The word was practically squeezed out of him as the plants tightened more.
“You,” said Gadreel. “I tried to find pity in my heart for you. When Metatron told me the truth, that you had not been kidnapped, that Crowley had turned your loyalty against your own family and you fled as a horse to escape punishment, I thought to myself: he was still a child. He was easily led astray.”
“Several months ago a group of horse chasers brought in this gorgeous, temperamental black stallion,” Sam said. “And the grooms—and Dean,” he corrected himself, “named him Angel.”
Bobby would see to it.
He turned back, back into Michaeretz, a prisoner in his own land.
“Yeah?”
—Luciterran term for the Greenwood Forest, it derives from the Latin
But Metatron’s visits became more frequent, and more menacing.
“Fine,” Dean muttered, and curled up where he sat.
Dean stood and drew his sword. At the soft sound of the blade against the sheath, Angel startled awake, and Sam with him. Sam swiftly cocked an arrow in his bow but did not draw, seeing that neither Dean nor Impala were advancing. Angel stamped nervously.
In no time at all the black stallion was gleaming in the sunlight pouring through the archways, his round white star seeming to sparkle on his forehead. Now that he was clean it was easy to see his pleasing form and his good strength, and the neat trim his mane and tail had been given made the horse a pretty object indeed. No more than that, with the spell in place; the horse’s spirit was muted, and even Rufus looked uncomfortable as the stallion barely gave a blink of his blue eyes when he slipped a halter over his head. It was a shiny black leather with silver inlays, giving the illusion against his dark coat that it was only a thin, delicate chain adorning the horse instead of sturdy craftsmanship.
They stared at each other for a while. There was so much that Dean had wanted to say to Cas once he was human again, so much he wanted to know, but now that the moment was here…he didn’t know what to say.
“It’s true. The older you grew, the more she left the castle. She interacted with more people and discovered that though their lives were short, they still knew things she never knew, and experienced things she’d never done. I don’t know when first she learned what it was to be a man; either she was always that way, or it happened long before I was born. But I do know it’s not easy, being of two worlds.” He sketched a small bow to Castiel in acknowledgment. “But their courage made her find courage in herself. I don’t know what the king thought of it, but by the time you were a tyke she was a man as often as she was a woman.”
“Great,” she answered. “She and the others will be along  in a few days, once the last stragglers for the festival are on their way here.” Being the perfect place to rest before a final day’s ride to the capital, and purveying good food and drink, the Roadhouse Tavern had grown enough for the Harvelle women to take on a couple employees.
“Don’t look back,” Dean told himself. “Don’t look back.”
“Hm?” Sam startled out of a light sleep.
“Yes, and the years under Metatron have put us well behind in magical development. And Raphael will look to her own borders first, and will not share her secrets.”
“Thank you, Jo,” said Ellen, “and thank you, Sam. I’ll take that.” She took Sam’s bucket and sat down on one of the barrels, then pulled another one right in front of her. “Dean, you sit here. The rest of you wash up. You, too, Bobby.”
“Ugh,” she said. “Come on.” She waved Sam over, picked up a bucket and handed him another, and the two pattered out on their bare feet.
“I’ve been thinking about that,” Cas said. “If they offer it to me, I don’t think I’ll accept.”
“That’s just rumors.”
They sat a moment in respectful silence. A small breeze went through the garden outside, causing the shadows dappling the room to bend and right themselves.
she whispered,
“Hmm.” Her painted eyelids slid half-mast as she considered her answer. “Magic carries signatures, both from the type of magic and the caster. His aura is a pulsing mess of witchcraft, magery, Crowley, and Metatron himself. Shapeshifting is hard enough to perform on purpose, and even more difficult to resolve. The fact that whatever spells and ingredients were thrown at him didn’t result in some hideous, deformed beast is impressive enough. I am forced to conclude,” she said, haughty in her reluctance, “that my son’s estimate of the princeling’s power is accurate. Someone with inherent magic will instinctively protect his- or herself even without spellwork, and Castiel’s power was able to twist it into something less harmful. Though he was hardly conscious of it, I’d wager.” She shrugged. “He’s altered, and he’s bound, that much is plain to see.”
Dean opened the bag and searched through it, picking the biggest, ripest looking apple of the bunch. Then he he tossed it gently within Angel’s easy reach.
“It is. As much as he resents Chuck, he’s awfully similar. Though Chuck’s cruelty was often out of neglect, or willful ignorance. Lucifer is cruel deliberately, calculatingly. He’s weakened now, but he won’t stop until the whole of Chamara is under his thumb, if not the world.”
“Y’all never learn, I swear,” Jo admonished them, laughing. But she slugged Sam in the arm good-naturedly, and the two of them stumbled over to Dean, crashing onto the wooden bench on either side of him. “You know what I keep thinking about?” she said, her breath thick with alcohol. “That Great Horse hooey. You ever heard of that before?”
“A bit,” Dean said.
After retreating from his siblings, Gabriel took on the title of Loki. The places of Lokiland owe their names to Germanic language conventions. Thus it is separated from the other three countries which are still somewhat steeped in traditionally biblical tongues.
“Noooo,” she said, falsely sweet, “you are not lost. You are here. Lost people do not just stumble upon
“Ah yes,” said Metatron. “Just a bit of renovation. But never mind that! To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?”
“Dad would tell us the story once in a while,” answered Dean, surprising himself. He guessed his tongue had gotten a little loose, too. “Don’t you remember?”
Sam and Dean shared a glance of raised eyebrows. It was hardly the sort of low-brow event that the king liked to watch at the festivals. It was actually kind of impressive that he knew what a rodeo was. The brothers had seen a few themselves, in their years of wandering the country. Some were good fun, full of animals bred for the events, but others could only be compared to torture.
“The result is that no one but my own flesh and blood can open this door. Go on, try it.”
“The food’s already here, so here’s where we’re gonna eat. Now just one more thing.”
Sam. It was
“That we go now. It’ll take us a week to get back to the capital if we want to be well rested by the time we get there. And the longer we wait, the more Reapers will return and the more allies Metatron will have. Getting to him while he’s most vulnerable is the only chance we’re going to get.”
ones, apparently, as if Bobby hadn’t turned the kingdom’s breeding program into the envy of the entire continent. And Metatron was offering a handsome reward for the best specimens, too.
Delicately—Impala was a strong girl, but he was hardly going to drop down on her like a sack of potatoes—Dean lowered himself back into a sitting position, with legs folded and facing where Sam lay off to the side. At this point, twelve years down the line, they didn’t often discuss the dreams that had lingered with Sam ever since their parents’ deaths. It was a worry now so old they bore the burden with a practical resignation. Dean braced himself. “The Yellow-Eyed Demon, again?”
“WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON, HERE?”
A few minutes later, Sam stood and stretched. He shrugged off the small bag he’d been carrying on his back and pulled out an empty waterskin. Dean sighed. He scooted around to Angel’s hooves and inspected them. “Got a pick in there?” Sam dug into the bag and tossed one over. He caught it with one hand and got to work delicately cleaning each one. Angel made some disgruntled noises, but Dean had no sympathy. “You know you’ll feel better when I’m done,” he admonished him. Thankfully the horse stopped short at kicking.
“Do you lead your horse,” he asked the brothers, “or does your horse lead you?”
The stars wheeled slowly across the sky.
,” Sam hissed. Angel snorted and shifted restlessly. Billie’s horse, Scythe, tossed his head and stamped in response. She soothed him without taking her eyes off Sam and Dean, her gloved hand moving like a shadow along his pale neck.
“Politics,” answered Bobby. “Why do people always want to
Bobby lifted his mug in silent tribute to the kid, wherever he was now. He drained it and slammed it back on the rickety little table with a sigh.
“Is it—?” whispered Sam.
Bobby did his best not to smile.
He startles. “Sorry, Baby, let’s get you inside.”
“What allies?” asked Dean.
He shrugged him off. “Angel, gods damnit!”
Dean pulled his arm back toward himself, and as soon as he stopped pushing toward the gate, the hedge let him go. He sheathed his knife and this time grabbed Sam with both hands.
The shock of it, on top of the grief over the death of his parents, a thousand knives in his heart, was simply too much.
Impala backed out of Dean’s grasp. “Baby—” She bared her teeth when he tried to step closer again. “What—?” With a mighty roar she reared, the blue-white ropes stretching as she kicked up her front legs. Then she pivoted her landing, and galloped away, parallel to the forest’s edge, drawing the magic tendrils along with her.
“John, it’s time,” said Mom, breathing hard. Her blond hair was falling out of her braid, several strands curling along her forehead and cheek, clinging to her face with blood. She clutched her bow in one hand, though her quiver was empty. In the other she held her sword aloft.
So great had been Castiel’s growling that it had masked the opening of the doors. He tilted his enormous head, fixing a massive, slit-pupiled blue eye onto the newcomers. Not only was there Lady Billie, but also several knights and half the king’s guard. He did not want to go through them to get to Metatron, but he would do what he had to.
The room was smaller, far smaller than the entrance hall, but still about the same as a decent-sized paddock. A tapestry covered the wall to his left, but to his right was a painting so massive the wall could barely be seen at all. It depicted King Michael in full battle armor, with enormous white wings: this was how legend had him fighting in the Final War, though there had been no reports of it from the more recent conflict. In his hands he wielded a spear, whose pointed tip was rendered polished and gleaming by the painter, though it was in the midst of battle. The weapon was pointed at a dragon, pitch black and breathing fire, a beast of Amara—long extinct, if they had ever existed. Dean could only imagine how it might have felt begging an audience from King Michael, and seeing him the righteous victor.
Then…
Angel, smart horse, had somehow turned his nose straight south, and led them to the Voda.
“You couldn’t move, because of the Demon’s spell,” Dean began. Sam had never been able to remember anything after seeing the Demon’s face, looking into his yellow eyes, and inhaling the magic powder. One of the few things Dean ever thanked the gods for. “But some of you must have still been in there, because damned if you’d let go of Mom’s bow. I got you onto Impala but she didn’t go far, and…” He took a moment for a few shaky breaths. It felt so much more real, more visceral today than it had in a long time. “And they told me to go.” His voice broke, but he didn’t allow more than a couple tears to fall. Angel came up around the other side of the patch, and eyed them in concern. Horses never did like when humans got upset. “Impala galloped like the wind, but the Demon still chased after us, using magic to get closer. Mom and Dad hung on, fighting him. And they got him, Sammy. For us.” That they died in the endeavor never needed to be spoken.
Bobby saw red.
“Get the hell out of here!” he shouted. He was onto those drunkards like a charging bull, dragging away the one who’d almost nailed the little boy with his fist, and acquainted him with his own knuckles. The man went down like a sack of potatoes. At the same time the horse landed a kick on the one trying to mount it, and he screamed in agony. But the other three had ganged up on the older boy who, though he was scrapping like a viper, was losing and taking hard hits. One of the drunks just about had a handle on the sword and was trying to pull it from its sheath. Bobby went for him first, wrapping an arm around his neck and slamming his other hand down on his wrist, twisting it away from the weapon. Another man yelled in pain—Bobby saw a shape flit in his periphery, and figured little Sammy had gotten a stab in—but then the tavern door was bursting open again.
But Angel ran right through the ropes, black legs gliding through the blue-white smoke which could find no purchase. Dean barely had a moment to be shocked before Impala let out a terrifying whinny. His gaze snapped up to the right to see Impala still running, but a single tendril had wrapped around her back left leg, and was not letting go. The other ropes, stymied, whipped around between the trees and tried grasping for her other legs, striking like snakes and curling like vines. Finally she stopped, dancing in place, agilely lifting one hoof after the other, but it was too late. In a sudden surge of strength, she reared and bucked, as she never,
He clasped his hands across his belly, scanning the faces of his listeners, from the wide-eyed pages to the nobles fanning themselves and the commoners beyond them. The king certainly had everyone’s attention; Dean’s especially, as he’d heard about Great Horses before, but not a version like this.
Though still, neither Dean nor Sam could protect him.
Hellfire. No water could put it out.
The next morning Gadreel did not come for Castiel. Sam and Dean simply checked on his wounds, fed and watered him, and went on their way.
“The gods DAMNIT!” Dean shouted. He turned on his heel and began pacing. “Why didn’t she just fucking kill us? Why is she playing with us?” He dug his hands in his hair. “It makes no sense!”
Sam nodded. He tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. For years they’d played off Sam’s nightmares as a result of the war, just another boy wounded in the mind but what he’d experienced. They’d hid their worries, Dean because he was afraid they’d take Sam away, and Sam, Sam because he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.  He’d never told Dean all of it, either. Because he tried to protect his brother, too.
“Of course I want to stay,” said Dean. “But I can’t. It hurts too much.”
He was here for the coziness of the the tavern: the firm, dirt floor with its scattering of straw, the fire crackling merrily and warm, the rough-hewn chairs and tables made by Bill, Ellen’s late husband, who’d died in the Border War. He was mostly here for the beer—no one brewed better beer than Ellen Harvelle—but her food wasn’t bad, either. The Roadhouse was doing well, and it was a nice thing to see. Ellen was kept busy pouring beer and stirring stew, while her only daughter Jo acted as a runner, serving those who needed refills. She couldn’t have seen more than ten summers, so it was pretty impressive to see her run up to him with a large pitcher clutched in her hands and a big, gap-toothed smile.
“I’m not joking, Dean,” he said sharply. “I saw you.” Angrily he wiped his eyes.
Dean put all of his strength behind his arm, muscles straining, but it barely moved. “Selling out the prince? Betraying the kingdom? Probably causing half the massacres of the Border War?” he gritted out. “Take your damn pick.”
“So she should’ve said, ‘I don’t know, what chance do you have?’”
and using the crown prince as little more than a piece of furniture. But, when Cas in no way indicated he was upset with the situation, he tried to relax.
Kevin squared his shoulders and nodded dutifully. The rest of the tack was removed in short order, and in the commotion of Kevin directing the kids on who got to take what, Billie drew Dean aside.
Gadreel’s lips thinned even further, if that were possible. “The legend has become popular of late, yes.”
He lunged at Metatron, fists swinging. The king laughed as he blocked him, let him kick at his knee and stomp his instep, ram into his stomach and elbow his temple. When he went to jab his throat, Metatron grabbed his wrist and twisted.
And the stallion took his chance.
Dean woke with the moon in his eyes and horse scent in his nose. The sound of the Voda had become white noise, but opening his eyes made him hear it louder, anew. Sam was standing silhouetted against the river, a tall dark figure against the moonlight. Dean shifted, stiff, and eased himself away from Angel. Angel regarded him with a soft blink before heaving himself back onto his hooves. Dean wondered what he’d seen. Horses saw so much better in the dark.
“What do you mean, commoners can be born with magic?” asked Sam, before Rowena could muster past her indignation to respond. “If that were true, magic would be everywhere, but it’s not.”
She tilted an ear in his direction, and turned her head just enough that one of her large, round eyes could settle on his face. She nickered a soft little nicker, the one he’d only ever heard her give to him.
Even then, neither Winchester suggested they stop. This was nothing like the forest edge they remembered from their childhood, and felt utterly different from their little haven by the river where they’d rested the night before. Then again, Angel had led them to the river in his wisdom. Perhaps this nigh impenetrable pocket of the world was their best defense. There was no telling what was already there, but it was certain indeed that Lady Tessa and the others were not.
“No,” Sam said. He ran his fingers through his hair. “A lot’s been going on while you’ve been recovering.”
“Have you?”
A cup clattered back into its saucer, startling Dean into looking at Rowena. “You were there!” she said. “You told me you were framed after the fact but you were
“Well forgive me for worrying,” the stablemaster huffed, releasing him and settling back into his ornery self. “I know how you two boys love Impala, and that you’d never separate unless the worst had happened. She just comes strolling into the stables yesterday, pretty as you please, not another person in sight.”
But no, it wasn’t over, not until Metatron paid for what he did to the kingdom, to Castiel, even to Gadreel, but especially, especially for what he did to Dean. He roared once more, and the plates of his armor started to multiply. They changed and they shrank, becoming thousands of black and silver scales cascading over his expanding body. His neck grew long and claws sprouted from his hooves; he twisted in the air and thrashed in pain, whipping his tail around, which was solid and barbed. He flapped his wings and they struck the columns, the ceiling. Statues crumbled under his onslaught, the runner was ripped to shreds, and all he cared about were the three tiny figures were below him. Two motionless. The other moving, escaping to the corner.
“And they burned,” murmured Sam. “You never told me they burned.”
Crowley raised his eyebrows at the spectacle. “Ah—”  He cleared his throat. “Somewhat.”
Dean grunted. “I know.”
The ride back to Horsetown was uneventful at first. The farms were sparsely populated enough for them to pass through unrecognized, but as they trotted closer to the stables and the surrounding buildings Dean swallowed, heart pounding. Then a figure came galloping toward them through the outer ring of cottages, someone riding—no, just a horse.
When Dean thanked Impala and unbraided her hair, she wasted no time in heading back out into the country. She was never a fan of big crowds of people.
Thankfully no one decided to inspect the cottage, which looked perfectly normal from a distance, and they were back on their way.
“But we’re a country made up of horse people!” Metatron interrupted, bright once again. “What could be an easier way to hold auditions than a bit of bronc riding? And
The shadows eventually grew so thick that Sam and Dean were reaching hands out to each other’s backs and shoulders, to reassure themselves and each other that they were still there, and steadying each other when they inevitably lost footing among the dirt and the worms. Thick cobwebs adorned the trees like lace, stretching from branch to trunk across their path. Angel snorted and plowed through them; Sam tried to cut through with his knife, but there were so many it was a lost cause. The three were draped in trails of white adorned with dead insects glittering like dark little pearls, their iridescence cradling what precious light penetrated the canopy.
“I don’t believe he will. His people guard the borders ferociously, yes, but our people who trade with them along the border are not without insight.”
Dean smiled. “He won’t. Will you,
“Free will,” Sam agreed, nodding.
Castiel threw himself against the stall door, scraping his knees, but it held.
From some unseen signal, the guards stationed at the door, their white and gold livery bright against their dark wood, stepped aside. The doors swung inward, and when they stopped, only then did their guide walk forward.
“Whatever are you on about?” Rowena asked. “I see no one’s magic but your own.”
dragging him away from Impala, how dare he?! Dean elbowed him, stomped on his foot, but the tenacious bastard just held tighter, pulling him behind a tree.
Dean traced his face in the moonlight, the windswept hair, the strong nose, those beautiful eyes. He ached. “I can’t.”
“Dean—” Sam tried again, trying to turn him around.
Reluctantly, he relinquished the reins, placing the black leather in the king’s open palm.
Exactly the kind of illusion a collector would prefer.
“You need to know what Metatron’s intent was,” said Sam.
The kid mistook his amusement and blushed, looking away. “It’s been a while,” he muttered, wrapping an arm around one of Impala’s forelegs.
All Dean’s fears melted away. “Impala!” he shouted. “Baby!”
Since it was well known that Impala had returned riderless, Castiel walked between her and Bobby’s horse, and Dean did his best to look inconspicuous between them. Thusly they ghosted their way through Horsetown, making a beeline for the tack room. There Dean waited with Cas and Impala while Bobby went to fetch Rufus.
Gadreel ignored him. “When you were finally brought back to us, after years of searching you were to be forced back into your human form and put on trial for treason.”
“He just woke up,” Bobby called when he saw them. “He’s hurting himself!”
“It really is best to get that beautiful horse out of sight. He’s big and mean but let’s not take chances, huh?”
Dean did know.
Castiel nodded, looking almost as lost as the boy he once was when Crowley called him that all the time.
“But the dreams—”
Crowley bowed. “I’ll see you at the coronation in two days time, Your Highness.”
But it only came out as an anguished rumble from deep in his chest. It crescendoed when he could not even communicate the way his heart was breaking.
At the noise Sam turned. He murmured a soft greeting to Angel before coming to sit by Dean, handing him a full waterskin. He gulped some down, still thirsty from their desperate flight. The brothers watched silently as Angel stepped to the river’s edge and drank, then started nosing about the underbrush for something edible. After a moment Sam’s presence hardened slightly, in that way he did when he was preparing himself to say something he thought Dean wouldn’t want to hear. But after tonight’s wretchedness he couldn’t muster the energy to brace himself. He stayed quiet, and let it come.
“You see, Gadreel?” Metatron said. “He actually broke him.”
Sam stepped in and followed her up the walk. Angel gave Dean another nudge in the shoulder. “Yeah, yeah,” he said, and crossed the threshold.
“And what would you find a fair punishment, Horsemaster Gadreel?”
“Of course not,” came a new voice. “He’s not a dead warrior. He’s a prince.”
“Sam!” Dean hissed, but the stubborn ass shrugged him off and was on his way. “Gods damn it.” With no choice, he set off after him.
“That’s impossible,” said Dean, holding Impala’s head close.
His throat stuck, Dean slid ungracefully from Impala’s back, almost kicking Sam in the process. He stumbled to the edge and knelt, hands landing right in the dirt. It felt like normal dirt, but how could that be?
“I won’t,” she’d promise, always. Then she’d launch into other stories of her early life, before she met John in a tiny village where her family would stop to trade, and decided she loved him. Dean had never met her family, and never wished to; he could never quite shake that fascinated disgust of them he’d developed as a child, trying to picture the sort of people who would kill horses and rip them apart for their own use. It’s not that Dean had no respect for other animals, but horses were different. They weren’t just companions, they were practically people themselves.
The Demon limped ever closer.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “But you won’t like it.”
It was only times like these, staring into the last of his beer tucked into a cozy corner of The Roadhouse Tavern, that Bobby let his thoughts stray to poor young Castiel. For the news to reach Mt. Heaven that the king and queen had both died in battle was awful enough, but the way the royal household had been betrayed in the very moment of their weakness was a wound that was still deeply felt by all. Crowley, royal advisor and Prince Castiel’s personal tutor, turned out to have been a spy all along. There was a struggle in the study - Bobby had seen the aftermath: overturned furniture, knocked over shelves, broken glass and crusted powders and spilled potions burning through wood and stone alike - but they had both disappeared. It had only seemed to confirm the rumors from the frontlines that Demons, especially the yellow-eyed Berserkers, kidnapped children. Having seen fifteen summers Castiel had been on the cusp of becoming a man. Apparently young enough yet to kidnap instead of kill.
As often as they could, Sam, Dean, and many of the grooms would find reasons to go by the training paddock to watch him work with Angel. His assistants would lasso the stallion in his stable, and drag him out  to the paddock, whose fences were high enough that even a horse of his strength couldn’t jump over them. At Gadreel’s command they would loose the ropes, and the horse would immediately back away. The brothers had watched Gadreel train horses many a time since they had arrived in Horsetown, and his methods were not those prevalent in most other places. He didn’t intimidate the horse into obeying him; rather he would walk up to them and continually nudge the horse’s flank, exactly in the manner a mare or stallion would who was the leader of their own band, and wanted the band to move. He convinced them, essentially, that he was the lead horse and he could be trusted. It was a beautiful, fascinating process, and no horse had held out for more than a day, their flighty natures no match for Gadreel’s steadfast patience.
you have?” She snapped her fingers, and was gone.
The day when Gadreel used the whip, he had said such strange things, about how Castiel needed to repent, and purge the poison from his veins. The last thought he had before the pain was too great was that Gadreel knew who he was. Metatron must have told him, which meant he would never stop, and Castiel would never, ever be allowed to escape.
So he said nothing as Gadreel came down the day after and confronted him in the middle of mucking a stall. Just nodded when he said, “Bring Commander to me in the training paddock.”
“Hey Sammy,” he said. “We should stick around another day. What do you think?”
A Stunner exploded, but several lengths yet behind them. Two more followed in quick succession, but it did nothing more than to spur Angel and Impala on. The wind whistled past Dean’s ears, the horses’ hooves pounded in a frantic beat, but he could still hear something, right at the edge of his senses, like a low voice in a locked room. Then louder it came, and louder, a woman’s voice chanting, chanting, a litany of singular, strong syllables that pulsed with power.
“We will!” they said, and rode Twine into the courtyard.
A beat.
The brothers relaxed and let themselves be entertained, watching in amusement as Castiel patiently nudged the witches apart when their disagreements got heated. A bee buzzed around overhead before tucking itself into a nearby flower.
“And then?”
from the pan and putting them in a basket, "that it's coincidence. Others would call it fate." She put the basket on a tray that also had two jars and some knives, and brought it over to the table. She smoothed her dress and sat elegantly in the last chair, as plain as it was.
“What do you mean?”
“Shit,” Dean muttered.
But when he turned the corner, he stopped. In the small, golden pool of light left by the lantern, stood the king. No guard, no retinue, no royal cloak or silver brocade nor even a bejeweled crown: just the king in clothing as humble as any hand’s, his dark, graying curls messy and a grin on his bearded mouth. If Dean hadn’t seen him so close the day he’d first come to visit Angel, he’d never have mistaken him for the monarch at all.
"And what would you call it?" asked Dean. The scones smelled amazing, but who the hell knew what they were. He ignored his rumbling stomach for the moment.
That evening, after the chores were done, and all the horses safely in their stalls, the squires and pages off in their own barracks, many of the younger folk of Horsetown gathered behind the kitchens. The fire pit was lit, flames merrily blazing, and all held a mug of fresh cider or beer from a newly opened Harvelle barrel. After toasting Jo, everyone settled in to chat, many excited for the upcoming festival but mostly, that night, talking of the king.
—The Marsh Marsh. Or if you like, the Swamp Swamp. Though perhaps you’re bi-bog, and prefer the Swamp Marsh. Regardless, it’s yet another Frankenword from the Greek words
“But he’s right,” Sam said. “Why would he be hiding here?”
Everyone waited respectfully as the Reapers gazed on the black stallion. At length they shared a look, but what they had gleaned from him, or whatever judgment they had passed, was unclear.
Angel was breathing heavily, his nostrils flared, but he let Dean take a hold of his halter. He tried tugging a little, but the stallion didn’t take the suggestion.
Upon reaching Horsetown a small crowd had already gathered to greet Jo, and the drink she’d brought. Most were servants from the kitchens sent to fetch the barrels of ale and cider inside; others were milling about between chores in hopes of snagging a bottle or two of something stronger, for the right price. The courtyard was empty besides a few stable girls and boys sweeping away the manure, but the chimneys of the kitchens and the smithy were puffing, and the clang of metal on metal could dimly be heard.
The clearing was surprisingly large for such dense forest, though the canopy high above still curled inward, further enclosing the space. Maybe it was from being so long in the dark, but the sunlight that shone in it looked golden to Dean, honeyed, embracing the little cottage in the middle with warmth. Its thatched roof and stone walls were overrun with vines, thick as branches, but for all that it was inhabited: smoke puffed up from the single chimney, and the myriad and varied plants and flowers carpeting the open land was in an order of sorts. The garden was surrounded by a natural fence of gnarled hedges and, in case their thorns weren’t enough, a sign with a terse
“Horsemaster,” Billie replied. She, too, had a measured way of speaking, but with none of the stiffness of Gadreel.
“Fuck!” he shrieked, finally backing off. Between Ellen’s club, Bobby’s fists, and—he had to give it to the kid—the older boy who just would not stay down, the men gave up the fight.
Then one day, to Castiel’s utter consternation, Impala jumped the fence into the paddock and began trotting round. First she greeted the old-timers, who nickered and nodded their heads; she stood patiently while colts and fillies wove in and out between her legs. At length he was convinced she had no interest in him, and turned back to the fence, keeping an eye out for a friendly face.
“No. It’s a mustang.”
“Yes,” he said gravely. “I did not like being away so long, but it was necessary. We can discuss it later. How are you feeling?”
“If you’re talking to us,” said Sam carefully, “you’re willing to believe us.”
The horse nickered and faced the door, waiting.
“Look, it’s a long story but we figured out why Metatron wants Ca—Angel so badly. And it’s nothing good.”
“She fucking did!”
“Sure,” he said, unwilling to argue. One thing at a time. He carefully stepped around Impala, not wanting to startle her, and grabbed a bucket from the corner. She followed him with her head. “Now Sam, there’s a well out the barn to the right. Wanna get her some water?” Sam looked up at his brother, who gave him a nod. Sammy unslung the large bow from his shoulder and leaned it against the wall. Then he took the bucket and scampered out the door. “And Dean, why don’t you get her in a stall while I pitch over some hay?”
The Demon dropped him, but didn’t seem angry—instead he laughed, throwing his arms wide, revealing the arsenal of spells hidden beneath his cloak. “I like you,” he said, when he recovered. He didn’t seem to care, or even notice that their parents were running toward them yelling, swords aimed at his back. Dean tried to get to Sam, but with supernatural speed the Demon crouched and pulled the kid toward him by his shirt, bringing them nose to nose. “You’ve got
“Like in a fairy tale?” Sam asked incredulously.
Of the two Winchesters, Sam was the first to regain his bearings. As Rowena washed her hands, he peppered her with questions about how much energy it took, how the cottage could be steered, how the hell the legs could move so freely in the thick forest. The witch seemed perfectly content to indulge his curiosity, especially since it meant she could use him as a pack mule to help move things back into the cellar which, Dean realized with a shudder, was literally a
“No,” said Sam, slowly. “He almost died with King Michael, and no one actually won the Border War.” He looked at Rowena and Crowley in turn, and then over at Angel, whose eyes and ears were completely centered on their conversation. “Metatron.”
To the crowd’s astonishment, Gadreel looked up at the king with something like joy. “Your Majesty, I would welcome it with open heart.”
All Dean wanted now was to say goodbye.
“I like it,” she said. “But be careful of getting too involved. When strong horses like that break, they break hard. I don’t think I need to tell you?”
“He broke out of the stun powder?”
Instead of bowing, Gadreel knelt at the king’s feet.
“No, Sam, a gelding is when they chop off a stallion’s nuts so they grow bigger, like oxen.” Dean rolled his eyes. “What, you wanna lift her tail?” he asked Bobby.
“Cool,” said Sam, bending to examine it.
Sam heard the fabric of Rowena’s dress shift against the chair cushion. “Tell me about the dreams,” she said.
“Bobby needs you guys,” he said. “The arena.”
Metatron, via some inner passageway, had beaten them to the room. He sat on the throne in his purple cloak and his golden crown, and a small stool propped up his feet where they otherwise would have dangled, undignified. At his right hand stood Gadreel, his livery crisp and clean, his posture stiff as ever. A sword hung from his belt.
“Yeah, Bobby, I’m fine.”
“What’s bothering me,” said Sam, leaning his elbows on the open door, “is what he said about leading out on the field, and commanding the people. It sounded so…warlike.”
“Better than he deserves,” he said. Then “Wait, does that mean Cas is king now?”
“Oh Dean, I can’t. It was a gift.” Dean could see how it killed Cas to say it. Even now he was tracing his thumb over the double profile, back and forth.
Though still keeping low over Angel’s neck, Dean risked a look behind. Their pursuers had just begun galloping down the last of the inclines into the valley, but the Reaper was ahead of them, and gaining speed. Her hood had been ripped back in the wind, and long dark hair flowed like a banner behind her. Lady Tessa. Her chanting continued, filled the sky with its impossible volume, clanging with layers deep and rumbling, felt more than heard. She began to glow with a Reaper’s blue-white power, and her pale horse roared as it was imbued with the same light. Horse and rider galloped faster and faster with every stride, and within a blink she reached the flat valley while her cohort still had half the distance to go.
have been able to take care of it from there, if His Highness, in all his wisdom, hadn’t felt the need to interfere.”
Impala slowed and turned. She walked over to them with Sam, who looked tired but alert. “He had it?” Sam asked.
“How can you be so sure?” Sam asked, giving voice to his fears in a rush now that the floodgate had opened. “He did something to me, I know he did. I didn’t imagine it and Dean agrees he put a spell on me. And yeah it was the worst night of my life, but I have these dreams…and they’re different from when I dream about my parents. They’re these horrible, vivid nightmares, and half the time I’m just watching but other times it’s like…I’m a part of them.” He stared at his hands, their calloused palms, and tried to forget what it felt like to crush a skull between them.
