, didn’t he? It wasn’t enough to spread rumors, to bully and harass him and even beat him up every once in a while and practically ruin any chances of Tony making friends, he had to go for his sex life as well? Hadn’t he kicked in that door enough as it was?
“What’s his name?” He asked and smiled as the puppy licked his hand and smiled his doggy smile at him. Tony just smiled at Steve and bumped him in the shoulder with his own.
“Oh, you know, the usual.
But, as time went on and they got to know each other better, he started to see Tony, rather than Tony Stark. The Tony who was caring and loyal and generous, just as he was infuriating and obnoxious and an asshole. Who had kept everyone at arm’s length for weeks and had taken a bit of coaxing to bring out of his shell, but tried so hard to hide that he was nervous or unsure around them all. Who tried so hard to hide that was caring and generous and kept up a façade of unlikable, narcissistic asshole who wasn’t a team player, despite ample evidence to the contrary.
“Because you want a good future and for that to happen you need to go to college and get an education? And maybe you wouldn’t have to study so hard if you didn’t spend so much time checking out girls in class.” Bucky glared at him and sipped on more coffee.
“Hi honey! How was your night?” He looked away from the TV and at his husband, who was stilling standing by the elevator. But his smile wavered slightly when he saw how stiff Tony looked. He didn’t smile, he didn’t come over to the couch to kiss Steve and start a rant about how annoying rich people are. He just stood there, with a strange look on his face.
“Oh come on, Steve, you were a
"Maybe we've been drugged and kidnapped? Maybe they're looking for ransom for something?" Natasha rolled her eyes from her seat.
“Does this man bother you, Jane? Shall I take care off him and vanquish him to another room?” Before Jane could respond, Pierce groaned and rolled his eyes at him.
"So I take it you're done?" Steve nodded and Tony took the plate, utensils and glass and put it all in the dishwasher before turning back to Steve. "So, what do you wanna do now? Take a shower? A bath? Maybe go directly to bed?" Steve smiled and walked to Tony, wrapping his arms around his waist and pulling him close.
Smirking teasingly, Tony stood on his toes and pressed a kiss to his nose. “Well, I guess you’ve been rubbing off on me, babe. And it’s a travesty really, that my genius brain has been subjected to your stupidity for this long. I should really just return your ring and leave your vicinity immediately and find someone of equal intelligence as me. Which might be a very difficult task, but it’s probably better than staying with a blonde muscle idiot for the rest of my life.”
Basically, Hammer was Heather Duke and Ty was Heather Chandler.
“What the hell kind of road is this? There hasn’t been a car driving past here in five hours.” Natasha groaned and leaned back against the car, now having put on a sweatshirt as the temperature dropped and it got colder and colder.
He was visiting his grandparents in Positano, Italy, since they refused to ever visit him and his parents in America. And having just been released out of MIT for the summer, his
“I can’t! It’s stuck, I can’t do anything with it!” Thor came to them with a big, thick book in his hands, flickering through the pages.
“I was done with my speech and went over to the bar to get a drink. Pepper came over and said I did great, we talked a bit before she went off to mingle. Then…” Tony closed his eyes again and shuddered, so subtly that Steve almost missed it. “then he was just there, like he appeared out of thin air. And he wanted to talk.”
Ooh, and so the plot starts to get going! And in the next chapter we’ll learn where our heroes end up and what’s gonna happen next.
"And then there's me. Steve Rogers, scrappy kid from Brooklyn with no money, a bit above average intelligence and have been studying Art for almost two years and has nothing to offer anyone."
“Oh fucking great.”
“I got no business being anywhere near someone like Toni. She’s destined to meet and marry some other genius or a lawyer or a doctor or some other successful businessman out there. She can literally have her pick with anyone!”
“Y-You… you mean it?” He eventually managed to croak out; sounding much more like a frog than a human, but she just smiled and held his hand tighter.
He smiled sheepishly and rubbed his hand on the back of his neck, a soft red blush coloring his cheeks. “Uh, I… no. No I didn’t, I took French. I don’t really know that much Italian.”
All of them stared at the room for several minutes without saying a word. But eventually Clint licked his lips and took a step forward. “Where… where and what is this?”
“Oh yeah, I go to MIT. It’s my freshman year, engineering program.” Steve smiled back, bringing over the latte and croissant.
“Not yet. Just a second.” He stopped in front of Steve, very close, but he didn’t say or do anything. He opened his mouth to ask about it, when he felt something warm and wet stroke over his face. He flinched and drew back, blinking as he opened his eyes.
gonna be living here for the summer, might as well get a closer look at everything around here. You sourpusses can sit there and grumble all you want if you feel like it.” Then he turned away and started to inspect everything he passed curiously while also trying to keep his itching fingers in check.
“Yeah, I mean, anything is better than that stupid camp! I went into this knowing I would get a summer without Wi-Fi so either I get a summer without Wi-Fi in the woods in the middle of nowhere in being absolutely miserable or I would get a summer of adventure and planets and aliens and God knows what else without Wi-Fi.”
Steve drew a shaky breath and sniffled loudly before finally talking. “Yeah, I’m here now. I’m home, oh God Tony, you have no idea how much I’ve missed you.” He gently put Tony back down on the ground but pressed him close up to his chest, burying his face in Tony’s hair.
"You know I'm in your corner whatever you choose to do, Tones. But whatever you choose, I want you to know that you deserve to find love just as much as anyone else in the world."
“Don’t ever do that again!” She snapped and raised her hand threateningly. “Or you’ll be very sorry.” Rumlow was quiet, but nodded and he turned tail and almost ran the other way with his friends right behind him.
Steve just shrugged and smirked. “Not my fault if you’re bad at board games, guys. You play it to win it.” Sam laughed and he could practically hear Natasha smirk and roll her eyes, which really goes to show how long he’s known her that he knows how she reacts without even seeing her.
Bucky wasn't wrong about any off it, he'd always hated bullies and never backed down from a fight or a challenge and it had ended in more fights than he could count or remember. And that had been before he'd hit his growth spurt and started to get his muscles after starting to play football.
“I never cheat, Tony!” He yelled after him, still with his eyes closed. He heard Clint snort from somewhere behind him.
Tony ran a finger over the golden band and the diamond and then looked up at Steve again. He smiled softly at him, and then he smirked and hip checked Steve in the side. “You realize that if dad ever finds out about this he’ll skin you alive, chop your balls off and turn them into Christmas ornaments, right? He hates your guts enough as it is, probably blames you for my decision to turn my back on the company.”
Tony was the best thing that had ever happened to him and he’d be damned if he ever let himself forget it.
Tony had of course not liked this. How could he? Another ten months of his boyfriend putting himself in danger and possibly dying in some morgue in Syria, yeah wasn’t that the dream of every young man in the world? But, of course, he’d eventually been forced to accept it all and had driven Steve to the airport a few weeks later, followed him to the security check and hugged and kissed him goodbye. It had taken all of Tony’s strength not to break down into a sobbing mess on the floor when Steve had placed his dog tags around his neck, like he always did before leaving for a tour, and had given him one last kiss before leaving and disappearing into the crowd, leaving Tony to drive home to an empty apartment.
"Hi, Tony. Good to be home again."
"Dammit." She muttered as she climbed back up on her feet and rubbed her hand over her cheek. "Fucking hell and fucking robot piece of shit!" Once she was able to stand upright and her head and stopped spinning around, she walked over to the small fridge she kept in the workshop and grabbed an icepack to press against the sore spot on the face.
. And it’s not like it’s warmer in here. You’re really gonna sit here possibly for hours instead of taking the thirty minute walk back home in the rain?” Tony set his jaw and lifted his chin stubbornly, looking Steve dead in the eye.
” Tony rolled his eyes and made a talking duck head with his hand, and Steve had to give it to him, he was very good at keeping his emotions out of his voice. If he hadn’t known the guy for so many years he probably wouldn’t have see through the façade he was trying to put up.
“Yeah? Why thank you, Mr. Rogers. Nice to know you appreciate the view.” He laughed back before she leaned back a little and checked the time on her phone. She groaned and started to get up from her seat.
Steve's eyes widened in pure shook, looking to be completely blown away by her answer and "Sure, I'll be there." Toni just smirked and got up on her toes and leaned in close to his face.
Steve was sitting alone at his and Bucky’s usual table and sketching while slowly eating his lunch, letting the sounds of the cafeteria fade away around him. Which was not the easiest thing to do, but he’d had years of practice drowning out noise of other kids and classmates.
“Oh, well, you know, my mom is a nurse and she told me that you could always lean your head back like this,” He gently placed a hand under Bruce’s chin and lifted it slightly, so his chin was tilted up and his nose was pointed up in the air. “And that it, you know, releases the airways and it might help you with your breathing a little.” Bruce smiled in thanks, closed his eyes again and kept breathing deeply.
Still, the fact that Tony had turned out as amazing, selfless and kind as he had in face of all the emotional, verbal and even physical abuse that Howard had put him through over the years still amazed Steve, and he was very happy to see how much better Tony was doing ever since he’d moved out of his parents’ place and moved in with him. Sure, he’d had to work through a lot of issues and still had trouble with some things, but he was doing so much better now. He was smiling every day, making jokes constantly and his confidence and ambitions felt so much more genuine now than it ever had when they were kids and he’d talked about taking over Stark Industries and building weapons just like his dad. It felt like watching a bird finally being let out of its cage and being allowed to try out its wings and learn to fly and Steve was so happy and proud of his fiancé.
Tony sighed deeply and leaned back against the back of the couch, looking up at the ceiling and letting his arms drop to his side. He also tried to make his face look neutral and nonchalant, but it was clear that he was hurt and fighting off tears.
He straightened up and rubbed the back of his neck a bit sheepishly. “Oh. Uh, yeah. I’m here on vacation with my friends.” He pointed over at the guy behind Tony, who Tony had kinda forgotten about despite his hand on his back. The guy was also pretty buff, only a few inches or so shorter and had shaggy, shoulder-long hair and dark blue eyes. He smiled wryly and removed his hand from Tony’s back.
Steve plumped down on his bed, only barely avoiding sitting on the bag he was in the middle of packing. "Couldn't you just, I don't know, come to the camp when you get well? Like, wait a week or two and come then? It's just a flu, you'll get better soon, right?"
That he
Steve huffed out a laugh and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling him close and resting his forehead against Tony’s, their noses almost touching. “Well, I may be an idiot but I’m
When he got outside the house, he barely had to wait ten minutes before the taxi showed up and pulled up beside him. It was a fairly big taxi, but it was packed full of people already. There was a woman in the driver seat with short, black hair and dressed in a taxi uniform and her steel blue eyes were locked on the road ahead of them. And when Bruce looked to see who else was in the cab, he almost dropped his bag in shock.
“Um, I asked Jarvis what your favorite dish was and he said carbonara, so I looked up recipes for it. But I’ve never actually made it before so…” He trailed off and bit his lip, and Tony had to hold himself back from going ‘aaw’ at his boyfriend. He couldn’t help it; Steve Rogers was basically a human version of a golden retriever puppy, eager to please and so cute, both when he was happy or sad or nervous.
So she tried to distract herself from it by working with her projects. She had been working for almost two months trying to create a real, actual A.I and was determined to make it work. It would be a learning robot that would do things for her around the workshop, like getting her coffee or make her smoothies or clean after her when she was too busy with work to be bothered to clean up her own messes. And it was coming along really well, until she accidently pulled on the wrong wire and the robot rotated in a 180° angle and the arm of the robot smacked her hard against the face and almost knocked her out cold as she hit the floor very hard.
It wasn’t that Steve didn’t like getting presents, but it had always been rare for him to actually get something when he was young due to being poor and starving and all money he and his mother got needed to go to necessities rather than personal things. Bucky was the only one he got gifts from, but he wasn’t exactly rich either so it was never anything fancy. And so, suddenly receiving not only many gifts, but also very expensive gifts from friends and newfound family made him rather uncomfortable. And even as the Avengers became more family than friends, he still preferred to keep the rule in place and was fine with receiving books or art supplies or clothes, since one of the few things Tony and Natasha agreed wholeheartedly on was that Steve had a dreadful sense of fashion.
“Hey, hold this for me, doll?” Tony took the bag, a bit surprised, but before he could respond Steve grabbed him around the shoulders and knees again and swept him up in his arms. Tony gasped a little and almost dropped the bag as he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck before bursting out laughing and hiding his face in Steve’s neck as he started to walk towards the doors.
“Hi babe.” He pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek before they pulled away slightly, Steve’s arms wrapped loosely around Tony’s waist. “Greeting me at the door today?” He smiled teasingly and raised an eyebrow up at Steve. Steve grinned at him and kissed him on the forehead.
“Yeah, yeah just go already! We only have two hours before your date, you need to hurry!” Toni rolled her eyes again, but grabbed her bathrobe and got into the bathroom to take a quick shower and fresh herself up, blow-drying her hair and even painting her nails red to match her dress, because why not? When she got back to her room Janet had chosen a pair of heels, a pair of big silver earrings and matching necklace while also having taken out Toni’s makeup kit, brushes, tools, lipsticks and mascaras at the ready.
Then he heard someone clearing their throat from behind them, and the guys turned to look, only to see Natasha Romanov stand very close to them leaning on her hip and her hands on her sides, tapping her foot impatiently.
Thor smiled widely at her, as if her serious tone hadn’t faced him at all. “And we will have contact with our loved ones here as well.” He gestured at the small devices on the podium with his arm. “With these we will be able to contact our friends and family just as simply as on camp.”
“It’s the last day of school. What homework would you need to turn in?” Blonsky narrowed his eyes and took a step forward, trying to corner him against a wall.
Bruce left science class and tried to keep his head down and make himself as small as he could, clutching his books tightly to his chest. So far, so good. He’d managed to get between his first few classes without any real trouble or bumping into any assholes.
"Sorry Buck, I hate to sound so self-pitying when you're the one who's sick and will be home alone for weeks. But it was the only good thing about this stupid camp thing was us being together for the summer. How will I survive without you there to keep me sane?"
Steve chuckled and shook his head softly, tightening his grip around Tony and pressed an equally soft and affectionate kiss to Tony’s temple. “Aw come on, sweetheart, like I’d ever let you go. You’d have to fight extremely hard with me to convince me to ever let go of you.” His smile turned unbelievably soft and he nuzzled his nose against his fiancé’s with such a sweet and adoring smile that Tony was sure he was gonna get cavities from looking at it. “You’re my one and only, pumpkin.”
Bucky rolled his eyes with another groan. “Well, I guess I’m not needed anymore. I’m gonna go check out what Natasha’s up to.” He turned to glare at his friend. “Maybe
Still, they were very hard to ignore.
Still, Tony always tried to sneak around this rule and test the limits as much as he could without making Steve yell at him. At first he had tried to ignore the rule and bought whatever he wanted to give him, but once he seen how uncomfortable Steve got and Steve explained why he wanted the rule there, he was more accepting to it. But that still didn’t stop him from trying to push the envelope as much as he could. Like that one time when he took Steve on a picnic with fancy food and looking over the Washington DC celebration from afar, somehow having only cost 100$. Steve wasn’t sure how he had managed to pull that off, but he showed receipts and everything so he couldn’t argue. Besides, it had been a really lovely evening, so who was he to complain?
He then smiled more genuinely and stroke his wet hair out of his face. “Well, I guess I owe you a thank you for saving my life just now.”
“We just wanted to check up on an old friend, Tony. Like, how have you been doing lately? Come on, you can’t be surprised that we’re wondering. We’ve gotten pretty close over the years, haven’t we?” Tony tilted his head and raised his eyebrow at Ty. Close? Close what? It’s not like they had ever been friends, even though they had been in the same class since third grade, aside from Ty who was a junior.
In shorter terms, Steve hated the guy’s guts, despite having never actually met him, and had told himself it was best for Ty that they never did meet, because he might actually kill him if he did.
Steve had been everything he ever wanted in a boyfriend and more; he was kind and caring, funny, witty and always seemed to be able to make Tony smile. He was one of the few people in the world that could out-stubborn him and wasn’t afraid to call him on his bullshit or get into arguments with him- both light-hearted ones and more serious ones- and refuse to back down before Tony did or before one of them made a good enough point to prove that the other was wrong. He was also always there to ground Tony whenever he was getting lost in work or just needed to get his head out of his crazy ideas and reined him in when he was being reckless.
She hadn’t done it to defend him, he knew that much. Natasha was never nice to anyone except for brother, and she was just annoyed with them blocking the way into school, that was all. He knew better than to fool himself into believing that there was someone in this school that cared about him, aside from Rhodey and Pepper.
looked like a soaked cat now. He brushed some of the wet strands of his blonde hair out of his eyes, and had to keep blinking his own eyes to keep the raindrops out of them.
Steve rolled his eyes and put the magazine down and looked up at Tony, trying to look annoyed but couldn’t help the fond amusement he was feeling. “Okay, so what did you do this time?” Tony gasped in mock offence and pulled away with a hand over his arc-reactor.
Steve was dressed in his army uniform, sans the hat, his blonde hair was a shaggy and messy and he had grown a scruffy beard in the time he had been gone. He had no visible injuries, bruises or abrasions on his person and though he looked a bit leaner than he had been since Tony last saw him he looked fairly alright considering the circumstances, aside from his eyes and face being wet and red with tears.
Words suddenly failed him and he just stood there and stared at Toni. She stared right back at him, eyes wide and her mouth slightly open. His courage failed him and he made to turn back, save face while he still could and maybe hide in the employee bathroom and cry for a bit, when he felt a hand on his wrist, tugging him. Toni pulled him closer, until he was standing as close to her as he could, with only the counter separating them.
Tony, more than most people, understood the feeling of wanting to be alone with your thoughts and distracting yourself or dealing with them in your own ways, on your own terms. That when you have dark thoughts or felt depressed to the point of not wanting to eat or get out of bed, the last thing you want is for people to shove their advice or help down your throat or try to drag you away from your feelings. Now, that didn’t stop him from bringing him food to their room or the gym and drag him away from whatever he was doing so he could at least eat a sandwich or a few slices or pizza or some soup, or even coaxing him into coming out of join the team for movie night or dinner, just to distract him from his thoughts, if only for an hour or so. And once Steve was out of his funks and ‘functioned properly again’ he’d say that Steve’s coping mechanisms weren’t healthy and he might need help, but at least then, he were a little bit more open to the ideas, if only a little.
For the first few minutes Tony was lying there, spluttering and coughing up saltwater and trying to wrap his brain around what had just happened and how fast it had happened. It all couldn’t have been more than five minutes, tops, but it had felt like an eternity before he was finally back up on dry land.
The guy was fucking gorgeous! He had the body of a Greek God (or would that be a Roman God, considering they were in Italy?); he was tall, well-built and strong with muscles in places Tony didn’t know existed. And the fact that his clothes were wet and clung to his body in just the right ways and showed of his muscles perfectly certainly didn’t help Tony’s staring. His hair was blonde- though it was lying flat against his head and face now, and shone like gold in the sunlight and his eyes were as blue as the ocean below them. Which Tony might have found ironic if he wasn’t so captivated by how handsome this guy was.
They had all been sitting in the living room, each with their own activities to keep themselves occupied, Thor and Hulk were playing video games, Natasha was dying her nails and Clint had somehow roped Sam into a game of darts with him. Steve had been keeping himself busy with crosswords when Tony came into the room with a wide grin on his face.
“Yeah, I guess I have. I’m still not sure what to think of the mission yet, but I’d like a good look at these machines at the very least. Just in case we get placed back on Earth and our memories are wiped of all of this.” Tony nodded and patted his hand against the machine.
Tony rolled his eyes again.
"No, no, not like that, Tones! You flirt with guys who want to have a quick fuck and they always make it clear that's what they want. When a guy starts blushing and stutter and can barely talk around you it doesn't sound like he wants a quick fuck from you."
“Hey, don’t touch anything!” She hissed. “We don’t actually know what any of this is, for all we know we could set off a bomb by pressing the wrong buttons.” Thor grumbled, but Tony came up beside him and also started to look over everything.
She glared over at the robot, gritting her teeth in pain as the sore spot throbbed against the icepack. "Pray to whatever God you have that I don't bruise or I’ll take you apart and turn you into a coffee blender. Or a wine rack."
“Okay look, I get you being all self-conscious and all, with her being the first girl who’s given you the time of day or whatever, but I’m telling you, if you ask her on a date she’ll say yes! She likes you, I can tell. You gotta take a chance already.”
And yeah, as much he liked to try and fool his friends, he couldn’t deny his growing feelings for Toni.
She reached her classroom and sighed softly to herself as she made her way to her seat.
Tony hadn’t given marriage too much thought since before dating Steve, and even then it wasn’t until their relationship had started to become serious that he'd started to even consider it at all. But after having talked to Steve about it, after having read Steve’s letters, he'd realized just how much he loved him and that he really wanted to spend the rest of his earthly days with him.
Steve couldn't help but smile and laughed a little. Tony. Of course Tony knew he was home. JARVIS must have told him that he was home. He hummed, pretending he was thinking deeply and tapped a finger against his chin.
Thor went through his closet for good camp clothes as he heard Loki laugh at him from the bedroom door. “Well brother, it looks like you will have to spend your summer alone, far away from our parents and me. How tragic.”
“This is perfect! Simple but beautiful, and you totally suit in red, Toni! Add some silver earrings, maybe some light makeup and it’ll be perfect for a first date. You’ll be absolutely beautiful in this, how come you’ve never worn this before?” Toni got off the bed and walked up to her, fingering on the soft fabric and looked it over. She didn’t remember buying this dress or even getting it as a gift, but it was probably a gift from her mother or maybe some other friend had gotten it for her as a birthday gift or something. But Toni just had too many clothes to remember where and when she’d gotten everything.
me, even when I made it clear that I didn’t want his hands on me. An arm around the shoulders or trying to hold my hand, he just wouldn’t
Steve laughed fondly and gently stroke his hand through Tony’s hair, pressing a light kiss to his temple. “Oh? Well, I guess I’ll have to change your mind then. How about I buy us some dinner, you pick a movie and we’ll have a nice long night together. And over the weekend, we’ll have some fun. You choose what we do, for the whole weekend, no work or anything like that. Just you and me, what do you say?”
Still, Steve opened the door for Tony and gestured inside. “Shall we?”
“Uh, hi.” Bucky looked up from his laptop and eyed the girl before turning back to his work. Steve swallowed again and walked up to her. “So, uh… can I get you anything?” The girl raised her eyebrow at him and smirked, amused.
“So, anything else you need me to help you with? Need more ego boosting? Maybe another hug or for me to march over to Steve and tell him to be nice to you, ‘cause I will, you know I will. Yeah he might be big and strong, but I’m tougher than I look! I can totally K.O him if he hurts you Toni and I will if he does!”
She got out of the car, popped the hood on car and started to look over the engine. Natasha finally removed her earbuds and turned to look over at the others. “Well, looks like we’ll be stopping for a while. That sounded pretty bad.” Tony smirked and also got out of the car.
She had called up Janet immediately after having left the coffee shop and they met up back in their apartment and sat down on the couch and dug into a pint of ice cream that Janet had brought with her. Janet was one of her oldest friends, her college roommate and practically her sister and she could tell her anything. So after she told her about Steve and how her flirting with him had gone, Janet hummed and smirked at her.
Tony had been taking a small walk along the docks down by the harbor, taking in the clear blue water and colorful houses and warm bright sun. There were plenty of boats there too, most of them preparing for a full day of fishing or taking tourists out for tours to hidden beaches or other places around the coast. Tony had smiled, closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose, taking in the scents of salt water and felt in his bones that
Another sip of coffee.
“The homework you were gonna do for us, remember?” Homework? It was the last day of school, the grades were already set so what were they talking about? He shook his head and gripped his books tighter.
Tony closed his eyes and held back a tired and frustrated groan. Not even five seconds into school and he
Tony smiled and sniffed softly, closing his eyes to kill his tears and taking another breath. “I know.” He looked back up and pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “But thank you for telling me, Steve. You’re the sweetest.” Then he groaned and slumped against Steve, looking very tired and buried his face in his shirt.
He snorted to himself and turned on the warm water, stepping into the shower. How was it that even now, almost six months after having proposed to him, that word still made him so freaking happy and smile so wide it almost split his face in two? Steve hadn’t dated too much before Tony, only having gone on a few dates with a girl here and there, the only one who’d ever meant anything was Peggy Carter and she’d moved away to another state just before they were about to start high school. And despite being kind of sweet on her, it had never been much more than a crush and they’d only really kissed once and it was during a game of Truth or Dare at a slumber party at Sharon’s house. Tony had been his first real- and only- boyfriend and he’d never been happier than when he had Tony all to himself.
He nodded and tried to calm down. Tony was upset about something and the most important thing was to make sure he felt safe and comfortable with telling Steve what happened. “Yes, I do. Why?”
“Stark, for Christ’s sake will you knock it off with the jokes for one second?“ Tony took a step back, making a show up putting his hands up and looking mock scared.
When no one seemed to spot anyone else in the room, or where the voice came from, it spoke again.
But it also scared her so much that she eventually had to make up an excuse about meeting up with a friend so she could get out of there before it went too far. Yes, she was a coward and a liar, but she just couldn't handle the situation.
He groaned as he made his way into the classroom, taking a breath through his nose and closes his eyes as he sat down in his seat.
had been very quick to invite him to their house for the summer so they could spend some time together, as his parents were off to Tokyo for a business trip and would then fly to the Bahamas for a few weeks of vacation. And since Rhodey was going to spend his summer in LA with Carol and he didn’t want to spend his summer alone, he figured it’d be good to spend his summer vacation in this peaceful little village.
It had been like that since she had first hit puberty and started to become less of a girl and more of a woman, as she got big tits and a curvy enough body to attract all of the attention from every guy in school, and the girls hated her for that. And guys were terrified because they thought she was bringing weapons and guns to school (because Russian) and would jump at the chance to kill any American she could.
“You mean your addiction for caffeine, right? I swear, sometimes I think you love coffee more than you love me.” Tony shoved him playfully with a teasing smirk.
That prompted Tony to look up from Steve’s neck and smirked teasingly up at him. “Oh you mean when you were 2 feet tall and weighed under 10 pounds?” Which in turned prompted Steve to squawk in mock-outrage and drive his fingers into Tony’s sides, causing Tony to twitch and giggle and the tickling.
But the best part of this new future was without a doubt his new friends and this kooky, slightly dysfunctional little family they had built together since the Battle of New York. And sure, they had been awkward around each other at first, even after Tony had generously opened up his home to them all with suits made to suit them all individually and doing all he could to make them feel at home. It had taken time for them all to feel comfortable around each other, to feel like friends more than a group of very different and strong-willed people forced to work together. But, against all odds it seemed, they’d eventually managed to make a connection and become a team. And Steve was really thankful that they were now seeing him less like Captain America; Legendary Hero and American Symbol, and more like Steve Rogers, the kid from Brooklyn who liked to try new foods, movies and books, had a dry sense of humor and wasn’t anywhere as sensitive and delicate concerning homosexuality or feminism or other such political subjects that seemed taboo these days.
That was except for Tony.
That would come later.
The screen flickered before it disappeared and lights came on again. Everyone was silent for a long time, staring at the spot where the screen had just been and trying to make sense of it all. Space, aliens, missions, adventures, voting, it was all very much to take in so suddenly.
“It won’t take so long, just stay where you are and I’ll be back soon.” And with that she disappeared down the road and they looked after her, until she disappeared out of view. Tony closed the hood and walked over to the others, sitting down close by Thor and Clint’s throwing game.
Sam eyed him with a raised eyebrow, head tilted to the side. “What do you mean, out of your league? What, because she’s hot and smart she can’t like you? You’re hot too and you’re not an exactly a moron you know.”
Toni stared back at him, her eyes wide open and mouth opened slightly. Was he being serious? Of course he was, he was close to tears right now, but how could someone like Steve exist? He was so genuine and honest and sweet, he had be some kind of pipe dream she'd made up in the fantasies.
Tony smirked teasingly at him. “Oh, so you mean you
"Is that what you think of me, Steve? You think I'm so swallow that I judge my friends by their bank account? Or how many facts they can cram into their heads? Or how successful they might be ten years from now?"
Tony laughed and shook his head at his husband’s antics and pressed a kiss to his cheek. Steve’s small frown melted away and he nuzzled his nose against Tony’s in an Eskimo kiss, wrapping both arms around Tony, placing his chin on top of his head. Then Tony yawned and slumped against Steve’s chest, suddenly exhausted. Which, considering the emotional rollercoaster his evening had been, wasn’t really surprising.
cold outside.” Tony rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest.
Bucky groaned into the phone, somehow both apologetic and annoyed at the same time. "I'm sorry Stevie, but I can't. My flu has gotten way worse and I can't come with so mom cancelled the whole thing."
“I know you love dogs, I know you’ve always wanted a dog, so I thought it would be the perfect birthday gift for you.” And oh God, how could Steve have been so lucky to find a man like Tony? The love and affection he had for this man almost made his heart burst and he surged forward and kissed him, hard and a bit clumsily, wrapping his arms around his waist.
That was the only thing going through his mind at the moment.
Tony was running before he even fully realized he was moving at all. He bumped into some guy, the half-full, lukewarm take-away cup of coffee flying out of his hand and onto the floor and he almost slipped in the puddle of coffee as he ran faster. He heard somewhere behind him someone yelling at him for making a mess, but he couldn’t care less, because Steve was
“Well, unlike you I actually value my education and future. I need to get good grades in order to get where I want to go in life. And besides,” He looked up from his drawing again. “you and I both now that girls didn’t so much as look at me before senior year. And I don’t want a girl to like me just for my body.”
Toni wasn't sure Janet actually heard the last part of it, because she was too busy squealing very loudly- and very
"-kidding me right now? Do you know who she is? Antonia Elizabeth Stark, daughter of Howard Stark? Billionaire, genius and CEO of one of the most successful tech conglomerates in the world? And she is clearly gonna take over that one day and revolutionize the world one day with her own genius." Steve was clearly worked up about something and it concerned and worried her for a moment that this was it, the moment where she would see Steve's true colors and how he really was shallow asshole under the adorable puppy act he'd been playing for weeks now, or that he found her annoying or a bitch but then he gestured at himself, almost dejectedly.
“My, my Rogers, are you looking at girls and drawing them without consent? I can’t imagine they’d like it. And who’s this?” He flipped the page, a picture of a girl at a table in the library, who was drawn in more detail and with her long hair flowing around her in a bright red. “Is that Romanov? Why Steven, do we have a thing for Russians?”
“No, guys get back here! We don’t know what that is; we’d better stay here. Let’s get back in the car!” Tony turned to look at her over his shoulder, raised eyebrow and looking a bit defiant.
going to try and be polite with you! It’s not like
Natasha would probably already be waiting by his locker when he got there. She always managed to beat him in most things, despite his best efforts to try and beat her in something. Sure, he had better aim than her and always beat her in games or tasks that required good aim, but that was mostly it. Still, she was his sister in everything but blood and so it was her job to drive him crazy and yet somehow he would love her at the end of the day.
Tony chuckled softy, stood on his toes to kiss Steve’s nose and then buried his fingers in Steve’s beard. “Okay, some real talk here, babe, what the hell is this? Do they not let you shave in Syria? Or are we trying to be the next Robinson Crusoe?”
It made Steve so angry that he really wanted to drive over to the Stark Mansion right away and give Howard a piece of his mind and also a good punch in nose for not even bothering to call Tony for years and only did because he wanted to talk him out of
He walked over to Natasha and Clint- anything to be as far away from Stark as possible- and looked over the display. “Any luck opening the doors?” Clint shook his head and seemed to gotten bored with trying to open it, whereas Natasha was still trying to make sense of it.
Toni sighed and took out her phone. She wouldn't get anywhere going back and forth with herself like this. She needed advice. She called Janet, just like she had done after that first day after meeting Steve.
Then, before anyone could say anything else, a bright blue light shone from somewhere out in the woods and a low, electric sound and another hissing sound was heard as smoke poured out from the woods.
Well that, and the fact that Steve Rogers was a loving, caring and sweet guy, not to mention inhumanly handsome, but whatever.
"I highly doubt that, Clint. Archery isn't really a thing most kids are into, but you can always hope I guess." She brushed a strand of red hair out of her face without even blinking or looking away from her nails and moved on to the next hand.
Tony nodded and had finally stopped coughing. “Yeah, I’m fine. Thanks.” He turned back to the Adonis, smiling wryly again. “You didn’t exactly learn Italian in High School, did you?”
“One of these days I am going to prove to the world that Captain America is a dirty little shit, see if I don’t, you jerk.” Steve just smiled and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist.
“I’ll pay yours and you’ll pay mine?” Tony chuckled and, despite still being soaking wet and his heart was still kinda pounding from the almost drowning incident, he felt totally date ready.
His voice was a little hoarse when he finally pulled away. “I love you so much, Tony.” He looked over at the puppy, which was running around them with the tail wagging like crazy. “And I love him. He’s perfect. Aren’t you boy?” The puppy turned to him when Steve addressed him and tried to pounce on him, his paws on his shoulders and licking him again.
For a few seconds Steve just stood there, too surprised to do anything. Then a determined smirk spread over his face and he took off after Tony. After all, it was one of the things they both had in common: they both liked to win.
Tony Stark is an attention whore
“That’s all fine and good and I’m happy for you, I really am, but you’re still working a shift, you know.”
. Seriously, the fucking nerve of some people, it made him loose faith in humanity some days. But Tony was still upset by his talk with his father and his biggest priority was to make sure he was okay, not to make his father pay for hurting him.
Bucky smirked at him and finished his coffee, placing it loudly on the counter to wake him up from his daze. “Well, looks like you’ve got yourself an admirer, Stevie.” He waved the mug at him. “Refill?”
Steve rolled his eyes with a fond smile, but he shut off the TV before gathering up Tony in his arms, bridal style and started to make his way towards their bedroom. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and rested his head against Steve’s shoulder, sighing in content and Steve had to shake him every now and then to make sure he would fall asleep in his arms.
Steve looked at his phone and sighed. “And our driver has been missing for almost five and a half hours now too. Something is very wrong about all of this.” Tony, who’d taken another crack at fixing the engine, rolled his eyes and stared him incredulously from the hood of the car.
There had also been a time when Tony had had gotten him this great set of really good colors and brushes second hand that were pretty much unused and couldn’t possibly have cost 100$.
Toni looked up from the pillow and her best friend, a few tears falling from her eyes, but not necessarily from fear or sadness. “Thanks Jan, you’re the best.” Janet punched her lightly and smirked, promptly lightening the mood.
Tony had to take a deep breath after finishing that sentence, collecting himself before looking up again. “I’ll never be sorry for falling in love with you, Steve. And I know I’ll never regret marrying you. Maybe we have to wait a year, maybe five or maybe even ten years to get married, or maybe it’ll be a cheap, small affair with our friends, I don’t care. And maybe we will spend our lives never going above average income and living situation, but I know for a fact that we’ll be happy together.”
"That sounds great." Though to be fair he could probably eat just about anything at this point, he was just that hungry. Tony chuckled and took out a big plastic container from the fridge and put it in the microwave to heat it up, got a plate out of the cupboard and utensils from one of drawers and put it all in front of Steve. When the food was hot he placed the whole container on the table in front of his husband.
He swallowed, puffed out his chest and looked Ty right in the eyes. “Oh yeah, uh thanks for the offer, but I have plans for the summer too. My parents have planned a trip to Paris and I have to go with them whether I like it or not.”
However, what actually happened did leave him pleasantly surprised.
He paused and looked down at the floor, suddenly looking smaller and not quite as confident as he usually did.
“Tony, I brought you here to sleep and that’s what we’re gonna do.” He smirked and pulled Tony’s hands away from his belt. “
Blonsky smirked down at Bruce, towering over him by at least four inches. “Hello Banner. Still wearing that hoodie as the rest of the month?” Ross smirked and elbowed him with a snort.
Janet, I’m really scared. What if I’m wrong about him? What if he really turns out to be a total asshole just like so many others have? What if I let him in and let him see who I am deep down and then he hurts me? I can’t go through another Ty, Jan. I… I just can’t.”
"Thank you, Tony. You're the best." Tony scoffed playfully and ran his fingers through Steve's messy, dirty hair.
. What are you, a Disney Princess?”
On days like that, when he’s dark thoughts just refused to leave him alone, he’d spend them one of two ways. Either he’d stay in his room and refuse to come out, even for food or water, or he’d be in the gym for hours on end to try and fight off those invasive thoughts, until the equipment broke or he collapsed from hunger or physical and mental exhaustion. Usually both.
They sat like that for a while, just holding each other and Toni felt much better when they finally pulled away and there were no traces left of any tears in her eyes. Janet smiled and sat back against the headboard.
The whole weekend would probably be much of the same, but really, Tony was more than fine with that. Steve was here to stay forever now, away from the army and had asked him to marry him.
Tony Stark is a rich asshole
"God, a warm coffee will be sooo good in this weather."
Steve groaned and put his pen down.
“’Kay. So that happened.” Steve snorted and shook his head with a smile that was both slightly exasperated and blown away at the same time.
They had walked into a big room, almost entirely made of white and light grey metal and a few strange contraptions were scattered across the room. In one corner was a machine that looked like a cross between a computer and a super advanced hairdryer, with a seat formed under a big bowl-like apparatus, which was connected to the big machine and had a keypad and a display on its side. In another corner was a device that looked like a cross between a dining table from a diner- one of those round ones with a bench that went around the whole table and were connected to each other- and a big round dome that covered the whole table. There a door close behind the hair dryer machine, and two doors on each side of the room, each with a small display on the right side, but they were at the moment closed and maybe even locked if the red symbol of a closed lock on the displays were any indication.
Bruce felt his mouth fall open and Steve and Thor’s eyes widened as they took in the information. Natasha, while still appearing to be very stoic and unfazed, also had her mouth slightly open and her green eyes were glued to the screen. Tony and Clint didn’t entirely convinced, though they didn’t look away either and were listening just as intently as the rest of them, but did side-eye each other every now and then.
Steve sighed heavily and shifted over so they were now sitting less than an inch away from each other. “Are you okay? Do you need anything? Water? Space? Fresh air?” Tony shook his head, moved his legs back up on the couch and leaned most of his weight against Steve’s shoulder.
And speaking of the devil, he didn’t have to wait for very long after having started to pay the bills before he heard the key turn in the lock and then the door opened. There was a rustle of clothes as Steve took his jacket off and then he came in with a paper bag in his arms. Steve smiled warmly at Tony and placed the bag on the kitchen counter.
“Yeah, yeah, keep telling yourself that Rogers. But I’m telling you that she’s not gonna be back for a long, long while.”
“Yes it is. She gave it to me when I told her I wanted to ask you to marry me. I had to go and have it a bit adjusted so it would fit your finger, but other than that it the exact same ring.” He blushed a little and rubbed the back of his head. “I… heh, carried it with me everywhere while in Syria. For motivation, I guess. I figured if I kept carrying it around with me it would help me remember what I had back home. That I had the love of my life waiting for me back home and I really, really wanted to marry him.”
And Tony turned out to be right, because after an hour and half she had still not come back and they were still waiting. Tony had taken Thor’s place and was now playing an impromptu game of darts, with small rocks and a few branches instead of actual darts or circles on a round board. Steve had started sketch again, sitting leaned back against a tree with a pair of headphones over his ears. Natasha was looking through a book and Thor was doing pull-ups on a thick and sturdy branch.
They had been out in Central Park for the last hour, just strolling around in the sun, holding hands and just having a good time together, when suddenly the weather changed seemingly out of nowhere and it started raining like there was no tomorrow. And not too long after that they had seen a flash of lightning and heard the boom of thunder.
And then he got down on one knee.
that we’re gonna do.”
sick of watching you drool over the counter every time she comes in here, just put me out of my misery and
When Tony got down to the communal floor he could smell that dinner was being made, but there was no chatter coming from the kitchen. Which was always a little weird, considering that Avengers Tower was almost never completely quiet, whether it be Thor and Hulk fighting over cookies, or Clint pulling pranks on anyone else on the team or being chased by the Hulk, or Tony himself blasting music at top volume in his workshop while working. Bottom line, it was almost never entirely quiet in this tower.
happened, he was notorious for being
Clint looked up from the bag and turned to her. "Do you think they'll have archery at that camp, Nat? It would be one thing that might make this whole stupid thing a bit better." She looked up from her nails for a split second before looking back at them.
“Steve…” Tony’s mouth was suddenly dry as a dessert and he could barely move or talk, only stare up at his boyfriend.
Tony smiled softly and took a sip of his coffee as he started to pay the bills. Yeah, if Steve hadn’t been around for most of his life, he probably wouldn’t have survived his teen years, so he was more than happy with their lives at the moment. He was in no hurry for big houses or lavish lifestyles. He’d had way too much of that in his childhood anyway.
Tony thought it over, glanced out over the park and it was raining harder and another flash of lightning lit up the sky followed by a boom of thunder shortly after. He turned back to Steve and tried to look just as defiant as he had only seconds ago, but Steve could see he was tempted by this offer and was wavering ever so slightly.
That startled a laugh out of him and suddenly felt a bit more at ease. So he gathered up his courage and covered her hands with his own. “So… then, would you-“ He swallowed and licked his lips again. Jesus, Mary and Joseph, why was this so hard?
“Don’t think you can fool us, you little bitch! Everyone in this school knows the truth; that you’re nothing but a trashy, dirty little slut who acts like he’s better than every one. But we know that you’re just a poser, and you’re dad’s company is gonna tank the second you take over. If he ever lets you run it, that is.”
“I was doing just fine, until you showed up uninvited. Now kindly fuck off.” He turned back to his lunch and sketchbook, when it was suddenly yanked from the table and Rumlow went through the pages with a big smirk on his face.
Thor rolled his eyes and felt anger brew up again. Stupid Loki and his stupid mouth.
But other than that he always hung out with Bucky. He wasn't shy, had never been a shy or quiet kid, but he just wasn't that interested in hanging out with anyone in the school. He'd always felt out of place in there, and most of the kids there had either teased him when he was small or just ignored him and why would he want to hang out with anyone there?
Steve just shook his head at him, kissed his forehead and ruffled his hair playful, laughing at Tony when he tried to bat his hands away. “Sure it didn’t, babe.” Then he gently grabbed Tony’s shirt and pulled it off before throwing it on the floor. Then he got up and kneeled down by Tony’s feet and pulled one shoe, and then the other, slowly, and with a very suggestive grin on his face. Tony narrowed his eyes at him, looked away and folded his arms over his chest.
And with that Tony hung up, slammed the phone down on the coffee table and then sighed loudly and a bit shakily. Steve slowly walked up to the door and leaned against the doorframe, looking over at his fiancé worriedly. Only minutes earlier he has been relaxed and teasing him lightheartedly and now he looked to be on the verge of tears. He was sitting on the couch with his knees pulled up to his chest and arms wrapped around himself, looking down at his feet and his still ruffled hair hanging down in his face.
They stayed like that for a few minutes before Tony slowly pulled away and pressed a kiss to his temple. "You hungry? Natasha said you hadn't eaten anything since lunch." Steve opened his mouth to answer, when his stomach interrupted and made a loud, dying whale sound that could probably be heard throughout the whole floor.
His mom would grab him by the ear and give him the scolding of a lifetime if she heard he got himself in trouble again, especially at the end of the school year.
“Do you want me to leave? Do you need to be alone right now?”
Only good things can come from that, right?
Bucky just groaned and moaned “Coffee…” into his arms. “Need it now.” Steve snorted and put down his pen and grabbed a big mug and filled it with newly brewed coffee with a few drops of milk and two sugars, just like Bucky always wanted it. He also got a freshly baked blueberry scone out on a plate before placing it by his best friend’s arms.
It was not a big dog and once full-grown would probably be medium-sized dog. But he was clearly full of energy and would be great to take out into Central Park for walks, when he went for a run in the mornings or just to play Frisbee or fetch with. He also seemed to love people, which was great since the tower was never empty and getting along with his friends and his husband was vital. Though he was still a puppy and acted much like puppies do, Steve had no doubts that he would be a very, very good dog.
was the one who got
Janet smiled and patted her hand. “Anytime, Tones. Now, you go and take shower, clean up and make yourself look nice. I’ll find a nice pair of shoes and some jewelry that goes with this. And… no, you know what, I’ll help you with your makeup too, just to make it easier.”
said you wanted to give him a chance to surprise you and sweep you off your feet! He wouldn’t have asked you if you hadn’t caught him talking about you and told him that you liked him!” Her eyes and face softened and she placed an arm around her shoulders. “That is a big thing for you. I don’t think you’ve ever been that honest with a guy that you liked before. It’s amazing that you’re moving forward and becoming braver. I’m really, really happy for you.”
“What? Tony, you didn’t…” Tony snorted and pressed a kiss on Steve’s cheek.
But as he made his way towards his next class, he felt someone yank on his hoodie and pull him backwards. He yelped and almost tripped, dropping his books on the floor, one of then landing on his foot. He looked up at the person who had pulled him back and saw it was Emil Blonsky and Thaddeus Ross, who had been out to get him for years. And Bruce wasn’t entirely sure why if he’d done anything to this guy, but since when did that ever matter to a bully?
Steve smiled and loosened his grip on Tony’s shoulders slightly; really he was just resting his hands there now. “Right. And I know you do, you accepted my proposal and married me. I know you love me, you show me that every single day with everything you do. Christ Tony, everything I have in this century is thanks to you. My friends, my job, my home, it’s all thanks to you. You gave me a home, Tony, a family and your love. I couldn’t ask for more, so how can you possibly believe that I would think you’d cheat on me, with Tiberius Stone of all people?”
"Hm, who could it possibly be? Well, your hands are too small to be Hulk or Thor, but also too big to be Natasha. Your hands are also pretty calloused so it could be Tony but Clint have pretty calloused too…" He heard Tony snicker and his own smile widened at the sound. He loved making Tony laugh.
Or, well, he would. Just as soon as Steve came home from work and his run to the grocery store on the way back. Then they would sit back on the couch, order take-out for dinner and then sit back and watch Netflix together, just like they did whenever both of them were free from work.
“Yeah? Are you any good?” And before he could react, she reached out and snatched the napkin he had been sketching on and looked it over. Her face softened a little as she looked at his little drawing and when she looked up again she looked more genuine. “This is good. You drew this?”
And while Steve had started out being skinny and shorter than Tony, he eventually hit a major growth spurt and shot past Tony and grew muscles in places Tony didn’t know
“Yeah? Well, while you work on that…” Then he leaned down, raised his hands gently and cradled Tony’s face in his hands, stroking his thumbs over his cheeks. “Maybe I could treat my best fella to a coffee? Maybe a treat?” Tony looked up at him with a raised eyebrow and a smirk.
That finally jerked Steve out his dream-like state and realized a line had formed while he had been talking to Toni and now a lot of annoyed and frustrated and busy people were waiting to be served their coffee. He immediately started to apologize and started to take orders and even give a few discounts for their waiting and to keep them from bitching to his boss, but he still couldn’t wipe that stupid smile of his face.
"Not anymore. This was just what I needed, thanks." Tony laughed and stood up, taking the now empty plastic container and gestured at the empty plate.
“What button did you push, anyway?” Bruce paled a little as he realized he hadn’t actually looked at which button he had pressed and didn’t know what he had voted for, but before he could answer The Watcher appeared on the screen again.
They eventually made it to the bedroom and Steve unceremoniously dumped him on the bed. Tony flailed his arms and legs as he bounced up and down on mattress, then glared up at Steve who was smiling innocently down at him.
She raised an eyebrow at him. “And yet you felt the need to decide for me who is good enough for me? Like that choice isn’t up to me? Bruce Banner is a genius and going to change the world some day. Reed Richards is a genius and will be rich and famous one day. Justin Hammer is from a rich and somewhat powerful family. Do you see me hanging around them and trying to get dates out of them?”
“No, no, nothing like that. I just wanted to. I mean, does a fella need to have a reason for wanting to treat his best guy to a nice dinner every once in a while?” Tony snorted and shook his head.
