“As always, she was bemoaning that Mrs. Turner was bragging on about her
“Yeah, in a way, yeah.  To both our moods.  Sometimes I’ll have planned something that involves you being… really compliant, then it will turn out you want to spar instead.  Or sometimes I’ll plan to make things rough, but then you go all soft and sweet--” (Sherlock scowls at being described as
“Seb, oh
“Angus, Devon, and, and, and... Assur.”
John’s brow creases, despite himself.  “‘That thing’?  What thing?  And honestly, Sherlock, stop shouting, this bathroom is a bloody echo chamber.”
“Kneel.”  Sherlock drops fast, and John strides up to him and reaches forward, wrenching his mouth open with his fingers before stuffing the first of the leather belts inside.  He secures it quickly behind Sherlock’s head, and Sherlock moans against his gag.  His cock is flushed and erect between his legs, and John smirks down at him, delighting in his reaction to rough use.
“Oh, beautiful.  So sensitive.  So pretty.”  He traces his finger across Sherlock’s sternum to the other pec, then slowly repeats the process.
Sherlock shrugs.  “It wasn’t hard.  Imagine how much more I could accomplish if I didn’t have to bother with all the
Something warm and soft glows bright in Sherlock’s chest when he thinks about Victor.  How earnestly he’d ushered Sherlock into the flat the day Sherlock moved in, how eagerly he showed Sherlock which shelves and drawers were now his, and how sweetly proud but cautious he seemed when he pointed out that the liquor cabinet was now empty.  It had been beautifully endearing.  Sherlock had wondered if Victor would have sex with him that night.
He’s on his feet.  John’s on his feet, and his face is an odd shade of red, and he seems to be shaking with fury.
The next thing Sherlock notices is John shifting and pulling away.  His grounding weight disappears and Sherlock whimpers at the loss, but the world is so blurry and surreal that he can’t even muster the strength to lift his head to see where John is going.  He simply lies there, splayed and ravaged, breathing.  It’s all he has the wherewithal to do.
“Is that a problem,
But Dr. Richards wasn’t like that.  She was patient, kind, and observant without jumping to conclusions.  And she was excellent at providing John with tools to help him practice
John reaches out and puts his hand on it, and gives Sherlock a reassuring smile.
Not only that, but Sherlock seems to be staying aroused himself; though his cock doesn’t look as close to release as it had been before, it’s still fully erect and lying flush against his abdomen, twitching slightly as John peers down at it.  John resists the urge to take it into his mouth.
John pinches the skin harder, twisting it between his fingers, and tears spring to Sherlock’s eyes, but he doesn’t relent.  He continues to fist his own cock and pinch the bite mark on the side of his neck with unwavering resolve.
I was wanking to Jude Law
“Hey, Sherlock?”
Finally, John’s looked his fill.  He gives the rope a light tug before he speaks.  “That’s lovely, sweetheart.  Now lie back and let me finish in you.”  Sherlock complies thoughtlessly, melting back against John’s chest and letting his head loll helplessly against his shoulder.
accentuates his arse (if John’s past reactions to this pose had been any indication) as he peruses his options, feigning indecision.  He can hear John shifting behind him, clearly eager for Sherlock to get on with the show, but Sherlock doesn’t allow himself to be rushed.  With deliberate precision, he finally settles on one: an old jazz record, one of his favourites.  He and John had danced to it, ages ago, long before they were intimate, after a night of drunken revelry.  As he drops the needle to the track, he wonders if John will remember.
Sherlock is fairly certain he’s missing something.  “But… I mean, last night was an extreme exception, John.  Up until now, everything’s been fine--”
“You doing alright?”
couple just yet.
John begins to move, and Sherlock surrenders.
He hesitates for only a split second, then is forced to concede to Aaron’s logic.  “Fine.  Where do we start?”
“Nah.  Seems my body just… doesn’t work like that.  Sorry.”
He repeats the motion, and before too long, he’s rocking into Sherlock at a steady pace.  Sherlock sighs and rolls his back, angling his pelvis to allow John a better angle of penetration, and John sinks willingly deeper inside.  As they move, John places his palm flat on Sherlock’s chest, and feels his heart beat.
Sherlock nods eagerly, then dismounts John with a near comical level of enthusiasm.  John grins and pulls him down into his arms before kissing him passionately, and Sherlock melts into his embrace.  For a moment, John lets himself get lost in the sensation, but before too long, Sherlock begins to rut demandingly against his thigh, and John pulls away.
John smiles at him warmly in their reflection in the mirror as he traces lazy circles around Sherlock’s hole.  “I like touching you here, too.  So nice and tight.  Can I check and see how tight you are tonight, love?”
“And what did you say, sweetheart?”  John’s words are deep and dangerous.
“Yes.”
“See, that’s where you’re wrong, Johnny.  I really, really do.”
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock hadn’t responded.
“So you believe whoever’s responsible for these murders framed you to put the authorities back on your trail?”
“Well, not hard to imagine when I only
But he doesn’t dally.  The moment he pulls his hips back to withdraw his cock, he stuffs Sherlock’s opening with three slick fingers before crouching back to lower his head and suck Sherlock’s cock into his mouth in one resolute slide.
to Sherlock when he’s engaged like this, his lips moving in familiar patterns against those of another man, earnest and eager and commanding.  Javier responds in kind, moaning into Sherlock’s mouth as he shifts closer to cup Sherlock’s face and hold it against his own.  John can’t tell if he wants to punch him out cold or keep watching.
He had his first hit when he was fifteen.  He remembers that day so clearly: it’s preserved in pristine perfection on the top floor of the west wing of his Mind Palace.
“Okay.  Are you ready to begin?”
The Woman narrows her gaze at him.  “Like I said, I didn’t start connecting the dots until much later.  It wasn’t as if they were showing up dead a few days or even weeks after I’d seduced them.  It was months later, sometimes years, and their deaths weren’t usually worthy of a write-up on the front page of the Times, like you said: household accidents, heart attack, suicide, stroke… It was a long time before I made the connection myself.  By the time I did, it was too late.  And now they’re after me, too.”
“Please John, I can take care of myself.”
John would normally open the shop on Monday mornings. He would usually check on sales and have tea with Mrs. Hudson. It all fell away, melted out of John’s mind completely.
“Isn’t he sweet, I can see why you like having him around, but then, people are so sentimental about their pets.”
“And here I thought I was obvious,” John whispers.  A breeze hits Sherlock and he shivers.  He’s afraid to hope but his heart is pounding anyway.
John wonders where his gun is.  He realizes quickly that he must have alcohol poisoning.  His shirt is covered in vomit, and he’s sweating.  He feels cold.
Mrs. Hudson looked so impossibly excited that John just shook his head, deciding against telling her at the last moment.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and presses his mouth to the knuckles.  Sherlock intakes the smallest breath and John smiles.
He feels the weight and warmth of another body.
The three of them had anticipated him.
“Oh, no.  He would have been awful,” John says.  Mary smiles up at him.
Everything he has ever done has been for John’s happiness, but Sherlock can’t seem to get it right, as John is here, in his bed, riddled with the grief of all he has lost.
__________
"Sorry.  Ask the next question."
It took Mycroft’s men two hours to find him.
“Not know what?”
“John, my brother is a very stubborn man. He is very smart and can be, when he wants to be, very kind. But he is also very unknowledgeable in certain aspects of life. John, do you know the last time my brother had a relationship of any kind?”
“I told you I don’t expect anything.  I just wanted you to know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The man was named Sherlock Holmes and John had seen him on the front page of every newspaper and magazine in London. This man had saved the life of every member of Parliament as well as the Queen herself after there had been several attempted bombings. He was a detective, a proper genius, wildly famous, and he was skimming the titles of John’s mystery book shop. John’s face felt like it was on fire.
Sherlock takes a quick drink.  He hasn’t drank in quite some time, especially after his last overdose.  He thinks the last time he drank scotch was the stag night, which had been such a disaster in so many ways, Sherlock thinks it’s for the best he’s stayed away from alcohol.
“Are you sure this is you?”
“I’ve got a charger back at my flat as well. If you want?”
It’s a bit too cold outside to go out without a coat but he doesn’t think about it.  He pulls out a cigarette and lights it.  He knows he shouldn’t be stressed out about anything right now.  He should be happy.  He should be watching John sleep, watching his chest move up and down.  He should be watching John being beautiful but instead he can’t seem to calm himself down.
John’s mouth was on Sherlock’s, and John was rough, pushing him against the sofa.
“Listen. Less than a year ago my life was completely different. I used to be a bloody army doctor. I was being useful, saving lives and fighting and I will tell you now that I loved being there. I loved the war. I still miss it. But then I went and got shot, and I couldn’t be a surgeon and now I run a book shop which is absolutely ridiculous. What I’m saying is, in the scheme of things, nobody will care. Nobody will care about any of this in a week. The gossip will just be gossip. Even if Moriarty finds me, that doesn’t mean I’ll die. You can’t know that. So please, Sherlock, don’t go.”
“I love you,” John says, tilting his head.
“You didn’t ever want to leave, did you?” John asks dumbly.  He really hadn’t known at all.  He should have known, but all he’d felt was hurt.
“Good, I’ll text you details, yeah?”
“Christ,” John said, running a hand down his face. This was really horrible timing. “That would be my flatmate Phillip. I’m so sorry. There’s no excuse at all for him.”
They both laugh.
yeh, i fancy sherlock neurodiverse, they do say so in hounds anyway.  and no one likes to mention it so, i figured i might as well.
“I should leave,” John managed, still holding the damned dirty dishes.
This time dying hurts but it feels good.
“Can I ask you something?” She says quietly.  There is no reason to be quiet, but because they’re both somewhat close to sleep and it is dark it seems reasonable.
John is speaking to him.  He’s telling him everything.
“He’s an absolute genius,” Phillip gushed as John clicked through link after link. “Can you imagine, someone out there today probably got to talk to the bloke in the flesh? What I wouldn’t give for just thirty seconds of his time!”
Her name is Amelia Romans and she was born January 11, 1978.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and John giggles a bit.
I’m not going to lose him again.
“Well, Mary, if you’ll have me, if you could see your way…” John trails off and then is completely interrupted.
Sherlock being with someone else, actually being with someone else, doing something as ordinary as dating a girl he met at his best friend’s wedding, it just doesn’t seem like a possibility.
They sit in the bathroom, on the edge of the tub.
Truthfully, if John thought Sherlock was dead, maybe he could move on. But he’s going to come back. Could be tomorrow, could be in five years. And knowing that prevents him from pursuing anything with anyone. Anytime he even thinks about someone else he ends up feeling guilty. He doesn’t
__________
John doesn’t answer, but he half smiles and there’s a look in his eyes that tells Sherlock he really is honored.  He kisses Sherlock and runs a hand through his curls.
he thinks.
Mrs. Hudson came back from the back of the shop, completely oblivious to the encounter that had just taken place.
John eases into a smile and it looks real and he doesn’t look away.  He snickers and nods at Sherlock, as if laughing under his breath at a secret joke only he knows about.  But Sherlock knows he’s laughing with him not at him.  John has never laughed at him.
John doesn’t reply but he wonders if it even matters who Mary is.  If it would make it better.  If he could forgive her.
__________
They eat Dim Sum in a small Chinese restaurant and Sherlock tells him every detail of the rest of the case.  John finds himself hanging on his every word.  When he’s lying in his new bed, and finally falls asleep, his last thoughts of the day are not of war, or of Sholto’s burnt face, or his shoulder wound, or his cane, but of this strange and beautiful and crazed man playing the violin downstairs.  John wonders if Sherlock knows he can hear him playing.  The violin lulls him to sleep.  He does not have night terrors and sleeps the whole night.
John smiles, then types out his reply.
“I want you, please,” Sherlock whispers, kissing down John’s neck.  “Please,” he says again.  He rolls his hips again and John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“Can’t believe you have that picture.”
“You didn’t tell us you were bringing Sherlock Holmes!”
"It doesn't matter now.  Ask the next question."
John didn’t want to leave her, but he had to. He had done so well in school that he fancied himself a doctor, Doctor Watson. It had a nice ring to it. They both cried, and John thought that probably helped.
“You let me grieve, hm?” John asks Sherlock, after slamming his fist on the table.
“You really don’t want to waste your money as I’m rather gay.  Sorry to disappoint.”
“Apparently so,” Sherlock replies almost too quietly for John to hear.
“You drunk too?”
“You take this one, I’ll get the next one.”
Sherlock won’t let John do the shopping alone; that is certainly a change.  John expects it will only last a little while, Sherlock will get bored of it.
“John, how has the clinic been?” Mrs. Hudson asks as she scrubs the counters with a little green sponge. John folds up the newspaper he’s reading and places it on the kitchen table. He folds his hands in his lap and gives her a tight smile.
John turns away, smiles wide, and honestly, for the first time in a long time.  His heart aches.  God.
“You’re not wrong,” John replied, “though I’m not sure about me.”
It takes Sherlock a full minute but he does catch up.  He blinks rapidly for a few moments and manages to shut his mouth.
It’s four days later when John checks the mail to find an envelope hand addressed to him in the damnable loopy chicken scratch.
Blinking, between 1:28 and 1:29.
“What?”  John doesn’t know why they are whispering.
But he had been.
The line goes dead.  Ten months.
“I thought you weren’t going to lecture me tonight,” Sherlock replies.
“Don’t be stupid, it’s fine, I just need to stitch it up,” Sherlock says.  He knows he’s being silly but during his time away he’d dealt with much worse, and the idea of going to a very noisy and bright hospital sounds dreadful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I talked to her last month. It was nice. She asked me if I wanted to come to Christmas with her parents. I said no. We’re not really together and I don’t know that we ever will be again. No use pretending.”
“She was at the pool,” John whispers.  Sherlock only nods.
In some ways he’s already doing so.
“Yes.  How did you get into the house?”
John swallowed hard, a lump forming in his throat. Could that be true? John thought back to his time with Sherlock. He remembered how Sherlock had touched him so softly, how he had kissed him like he would never be kissed again. John thought: yes, it could be true.
“To some people.”
“Why?”
“Well maybe not right now…Oh, I think he’s here.  Better get your acting warmed up.  Now, here’s this,” Moriarty says, and puts the earpiece in place.  “You’ll be able to hear me now.  Just repeat everything I say, it’ll be lovely!”
“If you love me at all, don’t look at it.”
Sherlock accidently lets out a loud sob when he tries to breathe, and John stirs in his sleep.
“I love
“I expect so.”
“I’ll have Mycroft get your things.”
“I know.  I’m being stupid,” John says, and sits down next to her.  Her face goes soft, and she puts a hand in his hair.
“You’ve rather shown your hand there, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to expect.  After Sherlock shot Magnussen he had barely spoken to John.  He hadn’t been able to.  He had needed Mary to believe that Sherlock hadn’t a clue she was working for Moriarty, and that meant keeping John in the dark.
“Moriarty was found not guilty,” Sherlock said.
“I’m sorry. Did you just say ‘whoopsie daisies?’” Sherlock said, putting the back of his hand to his mouth, trying to stifle his laughter.
Sherlock is leaned back in his chair, smirking and shaking his head into his glass.  He looks John in the eye, laughs a bit.
John lays a hand gently over Sherlock’s.
What a fantastic way to go.
Sherlock does as he’s told for once and limps up the stairs with John following closely behind.  He gets into the bathroom and takes off his trousers, then sits on the edge of the tub.  He feels over exposed but he lets John come in with the emergency kit.
“She didn’t think I’d actually look at it.  Or, she’d hoped.  Oh, my God.”
“Please don’t.”
“Is something wrong?” John asks.
“Did you love him?”
“Hello!” Phillip said. “I was just wondering. You have been moaning about this boy for the past three months and now he’s here, yes?”
It’s the first time he’s said her name in the two months he’s been back at Baker Street.  Sherlock feels selfish, but he doesn’t want to hear this.  About how broken John is, and how he’s lost everything.
“I fell,” John choked out through sobs.
She laughs a little.
“And who’s all this?” John asks.  Mary comes back, smiling.
Sherlock unbuttons his shirt, and John rolls up his sleeves.
John stares at him, then takes in a deep breath.
“John, can I ask you something?” Harry asks.
“Yes what is it have you found the source of the video?” John asks, suddenly wide awake.
“Which way is the press conference?” he asked, hoping no one would look at him too closely.
“No, you don’t, you don’t know.”
It hadn’t been easy when John had woken up one morning to find Sherlock leaning against the shower, unresponsive for over an hour, the PTSD coming back to life.
“Of course.”
“Did you love him?” This time it is a deliberate whisper.  It wasn’t the question he expected, but then it’s the question he’s been waiting for all along.
The texts begin, her soft moan telling John that once again, she is there, invading.  He becomes obsessive, counting the texts each time he hears the phone.  He is so jealous, because this woman takes what she wants and is unafraid.  John thinks she will take Sherlock too, if she so chooses.  It’s hateful, really.
“What hurts?”
Sherlock had been patient though.
Sherlock watched John from the doorway, his sleeping figure breathing lightly under blankets.  How badly he wanted to crawl into those sheets.  Sherlock walked into his bedroom and sat on the bed.  How could anyone stand it?  The wanting.  John turned over in his sleep, now facing Sherlock.  Sherlock inhaled sharply.  Being this close to a sleeping John Watson, it was unbearable.  John’s eyes opened slowly. “Sherlock?”
“Perhaps Mike Stamford he’s…well not best but he’s fine.”
It is very, very cold.  Frigid, in fact, possibly hell as frozen over and that is where he is.  There is a raw stinging in his shoulder though.  John knows he has lost a fair amount of blood.  He was standing up, not the first to stand up even, among probably twenty standing up, and then he was down.
“Mm,” John hums. “You were gone for a long time.”
They eventually climbed back over the fence and said their goodbyes. This time, John kissed Sherlock first. John thought he could kiss the man endlessly. They made a date to go to see a film the next day, which felt far too common for Sherlock to do, but at the same time Sherlock seemed to be desperate to do the mundane. John supposed fame would do that to a person.
He’s quiet for five minutes.  Quieter than he’s been in days. John turns.  Sherlock is still staring at his phone blankly.
“You were saying?”
Sherlock shrugs.
“John, I’m sorry. Do you want to stay over tonight?” Molly asked, fiddling with her wedding ring which she did when she was anxious.
He wonders how much Sherlock has changed. There’s a hesitance lingering about him that was never there before. It’s a little scary and a little sweet. Everything John thinks to do to ease the tension ends up seeming trite. Offer him tea? Take his coat? None of it is correct. Not by a long shot. Finally, after looking out the window then looking at
“You’re going to thank me for this until Christmas,” Harry declared. This is the number of Sherlock Holmes’ brother, Mycroft.”
In the morning, John woke to find Sherlock watching him. John smiled, then reached up to pull Sherlock down for a kiss.
__________
“Dunno, just make something up. Tell him I’m being punished and can’t use the telephone,” Harry would reply, rolling her eyes and barely looking up from her book. John would put the phone back to his ear and sigh.
“Just as long as she doesn’t mention it,” John replies to his now imaginary friend.  The walls are starting to breathe through the wallpaper.
He felt freer somehow, after that.
“Why do you have that?” John asks, his breathing getting heavier.
If John doesn’t know now, it isn’t possible he ever will understand.  There is a dead man lying between John and Sherlock and although there have been others that Sherlock has killed for John, this one is the only one he will ever know of.  This one means willingly sacrificing a lifetime of freedom.
“Nobody could be that clever,” Sherlock says.
“There isn’t anything going on like that,” John says, keeping his voice even.
“Okay, what about a Basil?” John asked in desperation.
Friday is two days away.  Immediately the thought of a drink makes John nervous but then he remembers he started to control it the night Harry told him to let go, and he had, and though he’d drank a few times, he didn’t have the problem anymore.  He could get a pint or two and go home.  But, then--
“I lost my nerve,” he says.
“I didn’t say because that didn’t seem possible.  I don’t know…I didn’t know. I…”
__________
Sherlock has begun to talk in his sleep.  He curls himself into his robe and sleeps on his side and whispers in the darkness.  John wonders what he’s dreaming about.
“Who did this?” John demands.
“You’re Sherlock Holmes.”
John runs his hands up and down Sherlock’s bare sides, and he shivers.
John pulls on his robe and puts on his slippers and makes his way very quietly down the stairs.
An ancient bone in John’s chest cavity sort of snaps, at least, that’s what it feels like.  John can feel his mouth doing the pursing that it does when he doesn’t know what to do, when he’s upset, or confused, or very angry.  Right now it’s all three, as Sherlock Holmes stares down at him, an awkward and absolutely goofy smile plastered across his face.  He has a fake mustache drawn onto his upper lip and John isn’t sure if he wants to smack it off or kiss it off so roughly Sherlock’s mouth bleeds.  Possibly both.
“Hello?” Sherlock’s voice said through the phone. It was just as deep and lovely as the first time John had heard it, and John found himself with a grin plastered across his face.
“I know the feeling well.  You know, I think I’ve had a class with you.”
“Hello, you.”
They ring in the New Year with red wine and they go to bed shortly after midnight. John sleeps poorly and dreams about Sherlock for the thousandth time. He’s starting to get sick of himself. He leaves early in the morning. He kisses Harry’s cheek and tells her to cut down on the smoking. She only rolls her eyes.
“I suppose,” John replies.
“What?!” Sherlock asks, then turns, finally to look at him.  It must register, the seriousness, because he puts the violin down.  “Has someone died?” Sherlock asks.
“And who was the first?”
John is still not himself.  He goes on cases, he cooks dinner, he laughs at bad telly and teases Sherlock about being dramatic.  But he’s still not himself.
“Moriarty,” Mycroft says simply.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock replies.  John won’t argue with him on this.  There would be no point.
The doorbell rang and Greg turned. “Be right back.”
“Goodbye,” Sherlock said, then leaned down and kissed John’s cheek. John closed his eyes, not wanting to see Sherlock leave the shop. He knew this time had to really be the last time. He would never see Sherlock again. This was going to be the end of it.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispers.  John kisses him in reply.
is amazing.
“Good.  Though, you sure you’re fine?  No offense, you look a bit…stressed.”
“Don’t interfere or I’ll arrest you too,” Lestrade says.
“Phillip wouldn’t do that,” John said, placing his hands on his hips. “Please, let’s just think about this.”
Irene Adler dies on Christmas Eve.  John destroys Sherlock’s sock index on Christmas Eve.  Sherlock smoked a cigarette on Christmas Eve.
“It’s 3:42 AM, Sherlock,” John says, and coughs a bit.
“Again,” John said, clenching his teeth, “we only have mystery books here.”
His hand reaches down to John’s right side, below his ribcage.  He touches the other, newer scar that he had not dared to acknowledge earlier, and John knows exactly why.  Sherlock had not wanted Mary to be brought into it.  The same reason why John hadn’t traced the scars across Sherlock’s back.
They spend long hours on the sofa, Sherlock in John’s lap.
“Yes, I expect so.”
“Or what?”
John realizes what she’s saying.  She’s giving him the choice.  He shakes his head.
The last time John laid in Sherlock’s bed, he had thought he’d destroyed it by sleeping in it, hating himself afterwards.
“Yes.”
John gets a cab, goes back to his make believe home.
Sherlock’s love came in waves.  Most days he’d been able to look John in the eye and not fall over.  Other times it flung him sideways with the smallest touch.  John would sometimes squeeze the back of his neck when handing him tea or coffee, or when they were sitting in the dark together in the flat with the curtains drawn trying to solve a case going through pages of evidence.  On nights like those it was enough to make Sherlock giddy.  It was enough to make him feel sick.
John shakes his head.
Mrs. Hudson continues her patting against John’s fingers and wrist. “I know, I’ll make a cuppa.”
__________
John cuts him off.
“I think it’s been about thirty minutes now.”
“Mycroft has been searching.  I think he’s close,” Sherlock says.  They’re in the back of a cab, on the way back home after a case.  It hadn’t taken long.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but his breathing is heavy, and his eyes are shining brightly.  He’s not looking away now.
John is drunk nearly a month after Mary had left.  He’s been fiddling with his shirt buttons for over ten minutes.  He looks up at Sherlock every now and again.
“Am I clever?”
“Ready to talk about it?”  John asks as gently as he can.  He feels over exposed, and he isn’t even the one to make the confession.
John looks up, the hall light off, there’s a soft glow coming from the lamp on his desk and her face looks soft and delicate.  She bites her lip.  She looks down then back up, almost shy which is uncharacteristic and then leans against the door frame.
“Uh, sort of?” Greg said, but before he could elaborate the woman ushered them both inside.
Sherlock removes his shoes and his shirt in the middle of the living room and doesn’t think about what being half naked should mean.  He’s cold.  He moves to the fireplace.  John hands him a towel and when Sherlock looks up to take it he can see that John is staring at him, soft and open and soon embarrassed most likely.
“Thank you for coming here. Sorry about everything outside. I thought all this would be done by now.”
“Sorry, dunno…” Sherlock trails off, then looks back up.  He looks serious all of the sudden, like he’s had an ephiphany.
“I see.”
“You were saying?”
tw: mentions of suicide again.
“Yeah, fine,” John says. He smiles at her with her open and vulnerable face. She’s probably drunk. He wonders where all of her friends are.
“They tortured you,” John confirms.  He knows Sherlock won’t call it that, but that it’s exactly that.
John threw on a shirt and made his way to the door. As he opened it, he was blinded by the flash of a camera. People were shouting at him, all at once, and he couldn’t make out a word. The press had found out where Sherlock had been hiding. “Jesus Christ,” John whispered, and slammed the door shut.
“Move over Three Continents,” Sherlock said, and climbed over the fence with almost no trouble at all. John tried to protest, but was lost in awe.
Sherlock sits at the window sill, one foot placed on the ledge, his right elbow thrown over his knee.  He is looking out at nighttime London.  John knows he loves it very much.
Sherlock swallows, trying to gain some semblance of composure.
Sherlock realizes he must be staring, mouth agape.
“John,” Sherlock said, and his voice was colder than John remembered it being. But his eyes were soft and his cheeks were growing pink.
“That would just make them stupid or wrong.”
John is afraid he’s going to vomit.
“I know.  Sometimes, it’s painful.  There were times where, because of you I wanted to drink myself to death.  Mostly when you were dead.  But I won’t lie, there were times when you came back to life that I wanted to do that too.  It made me crazy, not being near you.  I had always told myself that if the universe gave me another chance I wouldn’t waste another second.  But I wasted fucking years.  It didn’t make sense.  The fear was fucking nonsense because the worst had already happened.  You had died and I was still too afraid of losing you.  But I realized it wasn’t about you.  It was me.  I had apparently scared myself of getting exactly what I had always wanted.  Just, under the guise of losing you.  I was too afraid to love you, Sherlock.  Afraid to love you properly.  I could only…watch it become something ugly from afar.  I’m sorry, I don’t know what the hell was wrong with me.”
“Well, where’s the fun if there hasn’t been a murder?” John finishes off his beer and then gestures to the bartender.  “Shots,” he says.
Sherlock’s mouth opens and then closes.  Sherlock shakes his head.  He does not love him back.
“It’s, uh, room service.”
“What other things?” John asks, genuinely curious. He
“You have to get rid of him.  You can stay here, for a while, before you find a place.  You can’t be there all alone all the time.”
Sherlock leans forward again, about to speak.  John is only vaguely aware of footsteps on the stairs.
Later, Sherlock does come home and does look disgustingly gorgeous.
Dying feels like whatever right now feels like.
Mary inhales sharply.
“Oh, I have a system. I number cases, one through ten. One being very boring, ten being criminal mastermind.”
“If you mean it,” John says, “I would very much like forever with you.”  John clears his throat again and looks at Sherlock for any indication of how he should proceed.
“Are you sure?” John says, not wanting anything but Sherlock to be happy, Sherlock to feel safe.
He goes downstairs and looks at Sherlock, tries to memorize everything about him.  This will be the last time Sherlock Doesn’t Know.
They watch each other for a moment.
John continues to sleep, oblivious to Sherlock’s choked voice, the burning in his stomach, the tiny moths eating away at his chest and rib bones, the vile and unworthy lump in his throat that is threatening hot tears.
Inside the cab, it’s quiet and serene.  The blurred lights of London stream passed them, and Sherlock looks entirely soft and beautiful.  John smiles at him and Sherlock smiles crookedly back, then lets out a giggle.  It’s fantastic and stupid.
"At the risk of you becoming very worried...the answer is yes.  I told everybody 'No'."
Sherlock showed up at John's flat right on time. John made sure to meet him out on the porch, not wanting Phillip to catch a glimpse of the detective now that he seemed to have more of a grasp on his surroundings.
Sherlock sits in his chair and listens to his own breathing.  He listens to Mrs. Hudson baking in her kitchen, the radio turned up.  And then he listens to the slow but deliberate footsteps coming up the stairs.
“And neither were you,” John says to Sherlock, to himself, to no one.
“I really do.”
“I only meant…I know I hurt you. When I left. Two years is a long time. I wanted to be sure.”
“I don’t think she’s conscious.  She just came in for a head injury a few days ago.
“That was a stupid nick name in uni. Shut it. The answer is no you complete dick.”
“Well, we already know the criminal is James Moriarty. We’re taking him to court soon,” Sherlock clarified.
“Here, take mine.”
“Sherlock please, say something,” John begs.  It’d be much better to be told ‘no’ than to listen to the nothingness.  It’s eerily quiet in the flat, and John can only hear the sound of his own breathing.
“Well, what about getting a flat mate?  Cut the rent in half there, yeah?”
Three days since it has all ended.
Anna downs the rest of her drink. The ice clinks as she slams the glass back down on the bar counter. She turns her head back towards John. She takes his hand in hers. Her nails are painted black and she’s wearing three giant rings. She interlaces their fingers. He’s worried about her. She looks about to cry. He needs to stop this.
“What for?”
1. this is completely unedited, i wanted to post it before i left for work. so, i apologize for any really bad grammar, i will be coming back to fix it.
“Yes, I did.”
John has come to the conclusion that there really is no point in dating other people when he is so fiercely in love already; it would just be unfair to whoever he pursued.  The only reason he had been dating was for shagging anyway, and even so, he wasn’t sure it was for any purpose, he was just going through the motions.
“I love you,” Sherlock hears himself say, only he isn’t sure that he is the one saying it.  His mouth is moving of its own accord and he feels numb and hot at the same time.  It happens again.  “I love you,” he repeats.  He says it four more times until John’s mouth catches his own.
“Yes, whatever you want.”
Halfway through the meal, they heard three Americans talking at the next table over. They were discussing the Moriarty case, and in a rather rude manner.
After two months Sherlock couldn’t take it anymore.
Perhaps, if Sherlock told John that he dreams of keeping John in his bedroom and never letting him leave, keeping him hostage there, he could begin to understand.  In this dream, John only does as Sherlock says.  He eats only when he is told, sleeps only when he is told, speaks only when spoken to, and bathes in the makeshift bathtub in Sherlock’s bedroom, between the bed and the dresser, washing each limb as Sherlock instructs, eyes never leaving, endlessly wandering.  They are alone and together forever.
It was strange, seeing the proof of a middle age, there for all to see, but not really feeling it.  He’d felt it a year and a half ago, before he had much of a reason to do anything at all. Feeling on the verge of death, wrinkles had made sense.
“Girlfriends, no not really my area,” Sherlock replies, not even looking at John.
A woman is in love with him and he’s using her in the worst way imaginable.
“Starving.”
Sherlock takes the steps down the plane two at a time.  He doesn’t stop walking until he’s directly in front of John, and beaming at him like he’s the sun.  John smiles back.  They must look ridiculous.
“Don’t we?”
__________
“Yes you are. I’m sorry though.”
“Tell me…tell me you loved me…” Sherlock begins, stumbling a bit, placing his hands on John’s shoulders for support.  “Tell me you loved me on your wedding day.”
When John returns, Sherlock is still staring off into space, blinking every so often.
“The bee?” John asks.
“This is far too cruel.  This isn’t fair,” Sherlock replies.  Sherlock kisses John in full, neither one caring who can see.  “I love you,” Sherlock whispers through his teeth, it mostly sounds like breathing.  He gets on the plane anyway, because he doesn’t have a choice.
That night, after not eating any of the groceries, and mostly staring blankly at his bedroom wall, he tucks his handgun into his top drawer.  It will become a ritual every morning, to take out the gun, think about putting it in his mouth, and then not doing so, mainly because he’s worried that there might be something more…numb…if he does.  Though he can’t imagine it.
“You need to eat everything on your plate.  No exceptions.  You haven’t eaten much in the last three days,” Sherlock says, setting the tea down.  He looks tired but beautiful, his curls spanning out and falling into his eyes.  Sherlock needs a haircut too.
“What, no,” Sherlock says.  He doesn’t drink, he’ll fall over he’s sure of it.
“What?” Sherlock asked, hardly moving a muscle.
Eventually, 221B becomes completely dark.  The only noise comes from the street.  They breathe into each other’s necks.  John runs his hands through Sherlock’s hair a hundred times.
“You and I both know why I’m here.”
John’s right.  HE’s always right.  But Sherlock is determined to get him out of London.  He’s not even looking at Sherlock as he asks, he’s still looking at the file and it’s the most frustrating thing that’s ever happened.
“Not exactly well.  He’s been worse.”
, for God’s sake. There’s no messing this up.  He never thought he would get this much less have it and know what to do with it.  He takes another drag,
They both smile a bit at this.  John turns on the television and they fall asleep quickly, too jet lagged and sun burnt to make it to bed.
“How did I get this drunk?” Sherlock asks.  He’s laughing, so he doesn’t mind it.
Sherlock made no reply, only continued to flip through pages of some book on animal parts he’d picked up years ago.
“Wow Doctor Watson, I hadn’t ever known that smoking cigarettes was bad for me, thank you for clearing that up.”
"Why?"
“Did you drug me?” Sherlock covers his mouth in mock surprise.
Sherlock does follow him out, shockingly.
“Have you heard from her recently?” Sherlock asks.  It’s an unexpected question.
“Oh, it’s been six months and now we’re going to talk?” Mary asks.
“Are you going to tell me?”
"I think I did love him, yes.  But nothing happened, ever.  How could it?  He was my Commanding Officer."
“I didn’t think it would be this much,” Sherlock says.  John must understand because he is able to shift Sherlock and move him up so they’re on the same level.  So that John can kiss him fully, hands in Sherlock’s curls, cradling his head in his hands.  It’s too much.
“You’re losing focus,” Mycroft says over the phone.  His voice almost sounds concerned which makes it worse.
John rolls over so he’s facing Sherlock and then blinks several times, waking up.  He takes in his surroundings and then looks at Sherlock and smiles.
“Sit down, John.  Please.”
“Okay.  Goodnight, John,” Mary says, adjusts her purse, then walks away, only after looking back once and smiling.  John had forgotten what someone actually being interested in him was like, and it felt rather nice.
After Greg shut the door behind them, John heard both Molly and Harry shriek with delight. They had barely made it out the front door. John sighed.
“No…I’m not.”
“What are the chances?”
At least Irene had made sense.  If Sherlock had loved her, (and John was fairly sure that he had) it made sense.  She had been intense, beautiful, brilliant, and cruel.  Just as Sherlock could be.  And at least then they’d had that common ground: being in love with a dead person.  An ode to their dramatics.
Sherlock rolls over onto his side and finds John’s body in the dark.  He puts his head on John’s chest and then throws a leg over his waist.  There.  Now he can’t feel insecure.  Sherlock is protecting him.
“Lestrade…he’s a man and…good at it?” Sherlock poses it like a question.
“Yeah,” John says, not bothering to correct the present tense. “Yeah I really do.”
He has kept a room just for John for a while now.  Possibly from the beginning.  It gets hard to keep track.
The next morning John waits for Sherlock to come out of his bedroom.  He sips coffee slowly, trying to process still what the last two weeks have brought him.
He leans over and kisses him, because it’s the only thing he can do.
John gave Sherlock a stern look, then put his hands on the fence again. Unfortunately, he slipped again, and once again uttered “Whoopsie daisies.”
John tries to go to bed early and can’t.  Around midnight he can faintly smell cigarette smoke.
They arrive home after hours of travel.  Mary had fallen asleep with her head on John’s shoulder when the plane had landed and they had arrived back in London.
Janine follows Sherlock into the bathroom, and John swallows hard, licks his lips, is vaguely certain he tastes blood.
“Yes, I did,” Sherlock says.  He looks sleepy and content and wonderful.
After the film, John found himself across from Sherlock eating pasta at a place called Angelo’s. Sherlock knew the owner, and Angelo himself had placed a candle between the two of them, saying that everything was on the house.
He’s slept through his hangover.  He can tell because he’s only slightly groggy.  His head doesn’t pound, and his body doesn’t ache.
“Sherlock?”
Unimagined, and in his own universe, John watches Sherlock get onto the plane, his hands behind his back, his lips pursed in contemplation.  Saying anything would not have been worth the pain, but it still is amazing how much of a coward John has been, even after all these years.
Sherlock looks up from his feet. He’s surprised to see John, apparently. He throws the cigarette onto the snow covered sidewalk.
Sherlock feels rather silly, but he rolls over on his side and presses his face into John’s thigh.  John runs a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
After dinner, Sherlock and John helped Molly and Greg clean up the table and kitchen. Sherlock hugged Harry goodbye and John couldn’t help but think how sweet it was, that he was being so kind to someone he hardly knew. Sherlock told Greg he would be seeing him soon, and told Molly that it would be lovely to see her again. John didn’t know if he meant any of this, but it didn’t matter. He was saying those things for John’s benefit.
The way he says it, how he doesn’t look at John when he says it, tells John not to question.  John simply nods and looks back towards his laptop.
“Come on, it’s me Phillip. You can tell me anything!” Phillip’s hair stood up at all sides, which was a sign that he had been up all night researching conspiracy theories. John sighed and couldn’t believe he was resigning to telling Phillip his woes.
“Sherlock, what is it?”
John is fairly sure he smells cigarette smoke later, but doesn’t say anything about it.
“As long as it takes.”
“That I love you.”
John goes downstairs with it to find Sherlock sitting beside the lit fireplace.  His hands are under his chin, and his legs are crossed.
__________
“I want you to have it,” she had said to John, holding his hands in her own. “I am so happy for you, and your detective needs to live in the heart of London.” They had agreed to live in the flat with an incredibly discounted rate if only Mrs. Hudson would walk John down the aisle. John had never felt luckier, walking arm and arm with his co-owner and new found landlady.
“I had hoped that there would be, but I was assured there were not,” Sherlock replied, his mouth going soft. He looked hopeful but also like a newborn baby bird, frightened and trying to find a ledge to safety. John loved him intensely in that moment.
Sherlock sleeps much more often now.
“You don’t have to look at it, you know.  I can watch it first if you…” Sherlock trails off, rubs at the side of his face.
And Janine was beautiful.  She was funny and on the days that John had spent time with her with Mary, she’d been charming, though a bit much at times, but that was more John’s own problem than Janine herself.
“Yes well, it isn’t as if I paid for it myself. I used Mycroft’s card.”
“I love you too.”
Sherlock is playing his violin, a soft, melancholy, and somewhat desperate tune that is hurting John to hear.  It seems that all he feels is this dull ache in his chest recently.  He’s never wanted anyone so badly before.  But Sherlock makes no indication, only holds his bow in his hands delicately as he plays, eyes closed.  John wants to say something.  Anything.
“Go and get him…please,” his mother said, closing her eyes, exhaling slowly.
“Alone?” Anna asks. She’s very pretty. John’s tipsy, and sways a little.
“Stamford could I borrow your phone?”
“I love you,” John replies.  It just falls out, easily, and it doesn’t hurt at all.
It is time stopping, hesitatingly amazing, how quickly things go so wrong.
“I didn’t know that,” John said.
Harry isn’t much older than John but to a ten year old, thirteen seems light years away. Harry started talking about how every, single one of her friends was trying to get boy’s attention. But Harry didn’t try, she already had it. Her long blond hair and blue eyes made her impossible to miss. Boys would call the house and John would ask Harry “there’s a boy on the phone for you, what should I tell ‘im this time?” because John knew that Harry wouldn’t take any of their calls.
“Don’t be stupid. A complete idiot. That’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever said,” Sherlock says, panting a bit. He kisses John and John can taste the sweat on him. “I never would have left in the first place if I’d had the option.”
On the dance floor, Sherlock tells him he’s going to be a father.  It’s rather strange, how Sherlock could know before himself, or more importantly, before Mary.  It’s a scary thing to know, though they had planned to have children.  It’s all so soon, is all.  Later, Mary will tell him it’s going to be fine and they’ll laugh on the beach about it.
“Are you back?” John asks.
He does so, and when his breathing is controlled he watches John and can think of only one thing to do.
,” Moriarty sings, then giggles a bit.  “He likes you.  More than anyone else.  And I know you like him too.  He reminds you of Ellis, doesn’t he?  Just a bit.  The hair, I think.”
They make it to the stairs, and then promptly give up.  John figures it’s far enough anyhow. They fall asleep against each other on the stairs.  It’s comfortable enough because they’re drunk.  John thinks another hand finds his as they fall asleep, but he can’t be sure.  Sherlock keeps mumbling nonsense and John is too tired to attempt to understand what he’s saying.  It feels peaceful.
“That means yes.”
John looks down and he immediately stops laughing.  His mouth goes soft and his face does something so quickly that the most observant man in the world almost misses it.  He looks surprised but then completely open and the way the sunlight streams in through the bedroom.  It’s enough to make Sherlock sick with love.  It’s been a month. It’s only been a month.  Sherlock doesn’t know much about people or relationships but what he does know is that a month is probably too soon to be saying something so large, so important, so
He starts laughing, then covers his mouth with a hand.
One of Sherlock’s eyebrows is singed off (it won’t grow back fully for another two weeks), his mouth is slightly agape, eyes wide, and hair crazed.  The flannel he was using is now thrown over his shoulder.  The toes are burnt to a crisp.  John looks at the clock.
“And I’m just asking you questions until I figure out who it is on my forehead?”
“Please, John, God,” he sputters, and John looks up, and he can’t help the satisfied grin that he knows is plastered across his face.
“I know so much has probably changed while I’ve been gone,” Sherlock says. He taps on his wine glass. His cigarette is burning to the filter in the ashtray Sherlock stole two years ago. “I know I shouldn’t expect to be able to just walk back in here. And have you be okay with it,” Sherlock cocks one eyebrow. “I’d like to, but that’s not realistic.”
John immediately moves toward the bathroom, presumably to get a towel.
“What do you want me to say?  I was a coward, Sherlock.  I didn’t think that I had another option.  I didn’t think anything like that with you was possible.”
“I can’t lose you again,” Sherlock says.  He looks so sad that John can’t help but kiss his mouth.
__________
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
Greg threw his head back and laughed, while John swallowed down absolute terror. He threw back the rest of his wine and went to refill his glass. “You’re barbarians, the lot of you.”
“I love you” is for fuck all.  “I love you” is meaningless in comparison to this ache.
“I’m not sorry,” John says earnestly, and there is something burning in his eyes that tells Sherlock that he should listen.
with his eyes. Sherlock doesn’t say anything else about it, so he must have gotten the point, and John sighs with relief.
__________
She puts the ring on, bites her bottom lip in the dark.  John smiles, kisses her.  They’re both too exhausted, and fall asleep kissing lightly.
__________
“And what do people normally say?”
“THEN GET A BETTER PLAN!” John yells.  He’s sure the cabbie is disturbed at this point but it doesn’t matter much.
“Yes, but not badly.”
Sherlock knows it’s a lie, but doesn’t stop himself.  He lets John sit him down and take him in his arms.  He lets John run fingers through his too long hair and press light kisses against his temple.  The pain is only an after-image, a soft brush stroke somewhere outside, a barely audible knock on the door.  It’s working.
“Nobody does.”
Sherlock had been humored moments before, but after the rehab comment his face had changed. He was upset, John could tell, and he wouldn’t stand for it.
“The owner of Pottocks Farm has been killed,” Sherlock says. He watches John look over the file and shake his head.
“Since you killed a man for me.”
And John understands that this Magnussen case is extremely dangerous.  Possibly the most dangerous that Sherlock has worked.
When Sherlock finally gives up on respectability he comes to John’s house.  John’s very empty house that is full of only John.  Sherlock knocks.  John opens the door only because he knows that Sherlock will break in if he doesn’t and lets Sherlock past him.
John nods and takes a moment to process.
Sherlock looks at him with expectancy and gestures for him to continue.
Sherlock had fallen asleep in his armchair, and woke with a start to see John standing across the room.
He had called and his voice had been quiet, slow, and so damnably hesitant.
It didn’t take much, not really.  Three pints and just a touch of the Watson charm John was so used to throwing around at random girls.  Ellis ate it up, or he was drunk, or he was looking for a shag.  John was surprised even at himself, the way he lost himself completely.  Ellis’ mouth easily fell onto his own, biting, then getting slow and languid, gingerly yet firmly tracing his lips with his tongue.  Ellis was a good kisser.  John thought about the TA he’d been fucking semi-regularly for only a moment, thinking about how she wasn’t quite this nice with her hands.  John had always assumed that if he’d finally ever gotten around to getting the courage to sleep with a man it’d be rushed, heated, and nothing at all like the very kind kisses Ellis was leaving on his neck, his chest, and trailing downward.  Much too nice in fact.  Much too nice indeed.
“Shocked I was able to fall asleep myself,” John says quietly, taking a seat in the chair opposite Sherlock.  The stars are still bright, and Sherlock has to admit it’s beautiful.
“Yeah. Yeah, course. Absolutely fine.” God, it had been more than fine. John began to speak again but Mycroft came through the door once more. “So, the case,” John said.  “James Moriarty. Do you think the trial will go well?”
In lieu of a reply, Sherlock bounded down the stairs and threw his coat over his shoulders. John ran after him. “Sherlock, I’m begging you. Please stay. We can sort through this.”
“Well you know, all that and,” Ellis paused, took a swig, then resumed, “All the nice girls like a sailor.”
“Sherlock, run!” John says, throwing his arms around Moriarty.  He doesn’t really mind dying here anyway.  He’d rather Sherlock get out at least, and he’s only happy to help him get out.  He knows exactly why too.
He’s had sex before of course.  But it was never any good, always when he was high.  He felt nauseous thinking about it for a moment then looked back at John in his blue robe.  His eyes didn’t leave Sherlock’s face, a refusal to hide from him.  Hide from himself.  The breeze hit then, and Sherlock hears the leaves.  It sounds beautiful, and John continues to look at him like he’s the fucking sun.  He feels less nauseous, and the longer he just lets himself experience being looked at in this particular way, he is finally able to not feel sick at all.  He doesn’t shake.  He is cared for so well, he realizes.  Being looked at this way lets him know nothing bad at all could happen, would happen.
John wakes up the next morning and it’s nearly noon.
“Oh my God,” John whispered.  Sherlock let his mouth be fucked happily, placing the memory of John’s eyes into a locked drawer in his mind, thinking
“To be honest. I was a little nervous about going up. Though you’re not…angry with me so clearly you’ve been getting my notes.”
“Where are you going?” Ellis whispered, and though John’s eyes were closed he heard the loud sniff, felt the wet spot on his own cheek from where their faces touched.
“Thought you weren’t tired.”
Funny, John thinks.  They didn’t seem to mind with me.
“That’s it! I don’t care what you tell me!  You’re coming home with me.  I’m calling a cab,” Sherlock shouts.  John has never seen Sherlock be so angry with him.  He supposes it’s more frustration than anything else.
“Ah, yes, I had a feeling,” Phillip said, waggling his eyebrows and pointing to John. John suppressed the urge to strangle him.
“It’s warm, you’re warm,” Sherlock says, and immediately sticks his face into John’s chest.
They dress enough so that if Mrs. Hudson comes up she won’t run out screaming and then crowd together in the bathroom.  They each grab their toothbrushes and John’s mouth is filled with mint foam as he speaks.
“We’re going to be arrested?” He asks.
He can see Magnussen lying in his own blood.
John has been asleep for over an hour, so Sherlock pulls out a cigarette and opens his bedroom window.  He’s tired, but unable to sleep.  He lights the cigarette and takes a long drag.  He’s been trying to stop smoking in 221B all-together but it’s difficult on nights like this.  He misses John so much and he’s upstairs in his bedroom, which makes it all the worse.  Sherlock wants to watch him sleep.  He wants to watch John laugh at bad telly and make bad puns at the criminals they chase.  He misses so much and it’s all his fault for leaving and making it go away.  Sherlock knew as soon as he’d jumped that it had been the wrong plan to go through with but there was nothing left to do about it.
Sherlock sits down at the kitchen table.
“Piss off.”
They both laugh.
“Yes,” he replies finally.  John nods to him again, then opens the door.  John goes first, they don’t want him after all.
Sherlock draws in a breath.
“C’est daccord,” the man says.
The clinic is small, and it’s possibly only Sarah, this nurse, and himself on staff.
“To answer your question, nothing is wrong.  Old habits are just dying hard…again.”
“Detective!” she said. “I see you’ve brought a friend.”
“All set.  You go,” John says.
“Yes you are.”
Later, after Sherlock has been arrested and John is at his old home with Mary waiting in the bedroom, John runs out the back door and vomits onto the lawn.  The smell of freshly cut grass is strong.  John sits down on the patch of grass, takes a few deep breathes, and tries not to think about how Sherlock gave his freedom for John’s life and happiness a second time.
Sherlock’s lips are pressed into a thin line, and his palms are pressing into his chair so roughly it may leave a burn mark.
“Am I important?”
He got up and left, closing the bedroom door behind him.
John wonders how much more pain he could have taken if Sherlock hadn’t loved him back.  He tries not to think about it.
John can tell there’s been a shift.
“Have we been robbed?”
“Who are you with?” She asks, looking around.
John opens the dictionary and the notecard falls out. The writing on it is a very dark black, the lines of the words thick.
“I’m sorry John.”  Sherlock meets his gaze.  “I told you to trust her, because she needed to see that you would.  I don’t know who she is but we can figure it out together.”
“Here you are,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly as he took a sip of his own drink.  Sherlock then proceeded to plop into his chair and nod at John’s.  John smiled into his glass.
He doesn’t trust himself to say or do anything else.
__________
“Much better. Proving you can clean up alright,” John said, nodding. Phillip winked, then jumped up a bit in excitement. He took all day to get ready for dates. He said it wasn’t just a matter of looking nice. He had to fully concentrate on the woman he was going to be seeing. “Wish me luck!” he called across the flat.
“Yes.”
“What happened?” She asked, eyebrows furrowing together, hands grasping at the sides of John’s face.
When they arrive, John tries to avoid Mary for as long as possible, as ridiculous as he knows it is.  When he first meets her gaze, he gives her a stiff smile and then heads back round to the kitchen, where Mrs. Holmes hands him a glass of punch he immediately leaves on the counter.
“I know exactly what happened. Your flatmate thought he could make some money and told everyone I was here. How else would the press know where I was?”
John wakes up on the floor of the living room. Sherlock is awake on the sofa, looking at his phone. So, it hadn’t all been a dream. John gets up, heads towards the kitchen, then remembers he’d locked the door.
Sherlock gave John a floor and room number. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” Sherlock said. And then the line went dead.
He doesn’t want to be in France anymore.
John placed his palm on Sherlock’s cheek, then leaned in to kiss him.
“Okay,” Greg said. “I’ve got the last piece of cake for the saddest human in this room.”
John takes a deep breath then opens it.
The next part comes the ground floor.  The ground floor is based off the way John takes tea.  He drinks his English Breakfast with just a dash of milk, and one spoonful of sugar.  John always lets the kettle go for eleven minutes and fourteen seconds, and he lets the tea steep for three.
“I hardly understand why anyone does it. Doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy it,” Sherlock confirmed, and took a bite of pasta.
Sherlock realized though, suddenly, while solving a murder, that John was what kept him right.  Kept him so happy.
__________
"You're telling me she knew you love me?"
“I knew she lied, but everyone lies.”
“Mm.”
“I want you to be happy.”
Sherlock laughs.  John isn’t wrong.  The wonderful thing is that he thinks John might understand.
“Yes, I suppose so.  It’s been ten years.  It hasn’t come up much for me.  No pun intended.”
“Fascinating,” Sherlock says, then downs the rest of his beer.
“What do you mean?” John asks.
“John, John Watson?”
“Do you think differently of me now?” Sherlock asks.
He turns, sees Sherlock.
“Do you have the new romance novel by Nicholas Sparks?” asked a man in a three piece suit. John looked up from the desk and did his best not to roll his eyes.
“Mm, yes.”
__________
Maybe someone or something is watching me,
That was when reporters started to realize just who John was. He was that very Watson from the photographs, and the very person who had changed Sherlock’s mind. Reporters began to turn to John and took his photograph. Some began to bark questions at him, and as the camera flashed John ignored all of them, feeling nothing but relief as the love of his life smiled back at him from the podium.
“Did you just propose to a woman to get into her boss’ office?”
“This all right?” John asks.  His face is open and vulnerable and Sherlock can see all of it.  The years of being in the closet in his formative years.  The lover he took in university that he doesn’t talk about with anyone.  It’s all written there, and so is his vulnerability.  He looks beautiful.
John turned to go to the back office, having no idea what to expect or what to say to the older Holmes. He had only met him once very briefly.
“If you’re going to die again, you have to know that I’m in love with you,” John says in a low tone, his hands balled into fists.
__________
“I love you,” John says again, voice coming out hoarse.
“I am mad, that’s the whole point,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. But John wouldn’t give up so easily.
John listens to them talking, and has to wonder if Sherlock enjoys it.  Moriarty is flirting, he’s said so himself, and it’s so strange to hear someone so forward with Sherlock, anyone besides Mycroft anyway.  It strangely makes John’s heart twist, all of it, and he can feel himself shaking his head, shutting his eyes.
Before John can reach Sherlock’s mouth fully, Sherlock is falling onto him, his hands on John’s face.
“How are you doing?”
Sherlock has stopped playing the violin.  The violin, the one thing he had always been able to pour his heart into, is now something he fears.
So of course when Mrs. Whitney asked John to go find her son in a crack den, John was more than happy to go.
And John wakes up. Alone.
John bolts up in his bed, flings the covers off of his frame in a total disarray, and then stomps down the stairs and sees smoke.  It doesn’t smell just like smoke anymore, it smells like some moldy food and smoke.  Sherlock is stamping out flames with a small flannel.
“You can’t stay in that flat John, it’s going to kill you,” Harry says, suddenly very matter of fact.
“John Hamish Watson, if you were looking for baby names,” John says.
“You know, when I was a kid, I had a crush on Bond,” John says, glancing at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.  John smiles at the admission.  Besides Harry, and besides the lie that is Mary Morstan, no one else has ever known that he likes men as well as women.  Even this small thing seems so large.
tw: mentions of suicide.  it is not attempted by any means but is mentioned. so are anti depression/anxiety medications.
“Not to worry though!” Molly piped up. “I have the perfect solution.”
“Oh no, it’s mostly nonsense I assure you. I stopped leaving my flat if it was under a six.”
John had nodded, and returned to the operating table and helped lift the body off, then buried it in sand.
“Fine, sure. I just had to say my bit.”
He’d been caught, however.
Sherlock hands over the cigarette, placing it slowly into John’s fingers.
“It’s an excellent decision. I’ve worked with him on a regular basis and he’s a complete madman, totally not worth the time,” Greg said, and John stamped down on the part of himself that wanted a madman. A madman went perfectly with a bloke who missed being at war.
It wouldn’t have been a problem except that John starts to think he’s seeing him in the waking hours too. As if Sherlock is just walking around London, watching John in the shops and at the clinic and following him to the trains.
Getting kidnapped is not fun.  It’s happened before but this really takes the cake.  John had put on (unsurprisingly, but unintentionally) his date jacket, his nice shoes, had shaved, and now he was getting thrown into the back of a car.  Typical, really.  Sherlock hadn’t even been back twenty four hours.  John wishes he minded even a little.  He’s asleep for a long time, an wakes up only to the smell of smoke.  When he realizes where he is and what’s happening to him, his voice won’t work properly to scream for help.  He passes out again from smoke, only to awaken to a blurry vision of what appears to be his fiancé and Sherlock standing over him.
a lot of this is probably very not accurate, and time is not really stated.  sorry for the mess.
“You should go home,” Sherlock says.  “You should go home and go to bed.”
“I want you,” Sherlock whispers. “Can I-I-” And John can hardly believe it but Sherlock is stuttering. John nods quickly, kisses Sherlock again.
“I’m not leaving until you do, I hope you know that.”
Mrs. Hudson makes the suggestion of donating some of Sherlock’s things. The lab equipment for starters. It’s only unfortunate that John can’t think up a suitable excuse.
He isn’t sure how it has happened this time.  He comes to with Sherlock’s face very close to his.
Everything just sort of goes cold and silent after that.  The half rain half snow has started, and it doesn’t matter much that he’s been pushed onto the ground.  He reaches the body, still warm.  Still so warm he could be breathing somewhere inside that giant coat, his heart a small bird possibly fluttering.  But there is no pulse, no way inside his mind.  John wants to crawl into his ribcage, lay on the pavement next to him and fall asleep.  Maybe not wake up forever next to him.
Sherlock grabs him by the arm and puts him in a corner.  He messes up his hair and turns his coat collar up.
then looking at the wallpaper then looking at
“I do like to be helpful.” John shrugs and then takes a bite of his rice.  He looks happy, which is really quite a turn of events because Sherlock can tell that John has been sad for a very long time.  Sherlock doesn’t want to be proud of himself but he is.  John likes him.  All of his efforts weren’t wasted.  And now John is flirting with him.
Sherlock braces himself and grips the side of the tub.  John puts his hands against his nose and then jerks them slightly to the right.  Sherlock yelps and grimaces.
John has to laugh.  He puts his head in his hands for a small moment, then looks up at Sherlock again, who is avoiding his gaze.
“I love you too.”  John runs his hands through Sherlock’s hair and kisses his jaw.  His head spins with the reality of it, that he is here, with Sherlock, in this way, after years of thinking it was a lost cause.  It isn’t every day that the love of your life returns from the dead.  And Sherlock has done it multiple times.
“Didn’t you have any crushes on celebrities when you were a kid?” John asks, feeling that if he can make the confession then perhaps Sherlock will reveal a bit of himself as well.
“No, no, don’t be stupid, it’s lovely.  Brilliant really.”
"And what did you see, when you looked at me?" John doesn't know why he's asking such morbid questions.  He just needs to know.
“Hello, John Watson,” Moriarty says, eyes shining and wide.
“Good,” John replies as he begins to rub small circles against Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock’s cotton shirt is soft, and Sherlock smells wonderful.
“Mum wants you, dunno what for. She’s in the kitchen.”
A hand finds the small of John’s back.
“My wrists…”
“Need help finding anything?” John asked, and miraculously his voice didn’t shake.
Sherlock presses his lips together and nods.
“With as much as I’ve been drinking?  A couple of days.  So, what did I do that landed me here?”
“Then what?”
“Not obvious to me,” Sherlock replies.  Again, John smiles.  That’s usually John’s line.
Does he kiss her there as well?
John’s eyes open wide and he gets his bearings.  He looks around, moves to wipe at his face.  Sherlock is above him, holding him at his sides.
They’ve been texting, and it’s two weeks later and she’s standing outside his office door as he files the last of the paperwork for the night.  She pushes her hair back with her palm.  She looks tired from the double she’s worked.
John swallows down his anger to get answers: tries to be rational.
John tries to remember the night before, how he got back, but it only comes back in bits and pieces.
The room Sherlock is in.  John’s eyes widen and he runs.
Sherlock was famous, there was no doubting that. John could hardly go anywhere without being seen. But truthfully, John loved it. He loved helping Sherlock with cases, and he loved the danger that came along with each case. At times, John found himself completely consumed by a case, just like Sherlock was. Some evenings they stayed up until the sun rose trying to sift through a case. These were the nights when John would also kiss Sherlock senseless, and take him to bed, feeling like the luckiest man in the world.
He pulls away after a moment, his eyes a dazzling blue.  He looks marvelous.
It’s a Tuesday when Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, freshly showered and wearing a purple shirt, the buttons not done all the way up yet.
John would hate this if he knew.  He would hate Sherlock for thinking of him like this if he knew.  Sherlock cleans himself up and folds his knees into his chest.  John would be disgusted.  Sherlock closes his eyes and feels nauseous.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says quietly.  “I have something for you too.  It’s on the mantel.”
“No, no I don’t think so.”
John is there, looking beautiful in the morning light.
“I don’t want to sit down.  Where is Mary?”
John, lying in bed with him, undressing him slowly, mouthing at Sherlock’s cock through his pants, leaving a wet patch on the fabric, teasing him endlessly.  John bringing his mouth back up around Sherlock’s torso, then his neck, then finally kissing him.  Going back down and kissing his thighs.  John finally removing Sherlock’s pants and then sucking him off.
“Of course!” Molly said. Everyone followed suit, nodding and saying how John was completely correct.
“No, no we don’t,” John says.  He knows the plan inside and out.
“I agree.  I am the best thing that has happened to you.”  He smiles, eyes crinkling.
Always hesitant to leave the other alone, not wanting to go to their own rooms.
“They are from when I was…abroad,” Sherlock says.
He makes his way to the cafeteria, and on the way he hears a familiar voice behind him.
Mary turns in the dark and puts a palm to his face, kisses him.
Sherlock was pointing to John’s print of La Mariee. He had inherited it from his mother. Marc Chagall and been her favorite painter. He told Sherlock as much. “Do you like Chagall?”
“He’s going to try to kill you?” John asked, and anger coursed through him. He wanted to protect Sherlock. He was going to protect Sherlock.
“Everything.  Start at the beginning.”
Tower Hill.
And John had denied so gently:
They haven’t shared a bed yet, and Sherlock knows that John means this in any and all ways possible.  John would love to simply share the space with Sherlock, wrap an arm around him as he slept.  He’d also do anything else Sherlock might have wanted.
“Hmm?”
“Okay, well, I have to go. I’m just going to take this cash and hope for the best,” John mumbled, throwing a shirt on. His hair was hardly dry from the shower.
The wounds on his back are torn open, and they hurt in a way he hadn’t known existed before this.  He’s afraid he’s going to pass out from the pain.
Mycroft gets up and saunters out. John can hardly breathe. He might need to hyperventilate into the Union Jack pillow. Sherlock is out there, alone, in danger. And John can’t do anything to protect him. There have been dozens of times where they’ve been on a case together, and John has had to fight people off of Sherlock. He’d had to kill someone the second night he knew Sherlock. John closes his eyes and tries to remember that Sherlock survived for thirty years without him. But John loves him, and he wants to protect him. It’s instinct.
“You want this?” Sherlock asked.
“Six months tops.”
“So was anything real then?  I mean, anything she ever said to me?”
It’s been six months.
Sherlock solves her case so quickly, it’s remarkable really, and under different circumstances John would have been impressed.  Sherlock is showing off for her.
“Today has been perfect,” Sherlock replies. His eyes are lidded, sleepy and lovely. They had showered and slowly gotten over their hangovers with toast and dumplings. After Sherlock had started going through all of the things in his bedroom, sorting, and throwing away. Then he had plopped down next to John on the sofa and had not left his side for hours as John flipped through the novel he was reading. They didn’t talk. John didn’t think Sherlock was ready to. “Thank you John.”
“Yes, but it would have been for much longer if not for you.”
“No, there’s bound to be a bit of bruising though.  Take that ice off so we can clean you up a bit.”
Except he did.  He wanted it to just fall out of his mouth so quickly that he wouldn’t be able to stop it.  Those three words.  “John.  There’s been something I should say, I’ve meant to say always and I never have.  Since it’s not likely we’ll ever meet again I might as well say it now.”
“But it seemed impossible that you didn’t know,” John says.
“She thinks you’re going to take a whole bottle with liquid courage to wash it down!” Sherlock says, nearly getting up from his chair.
John.” Mycroft actually looks a little cross, but his voice stays even. “He’s eliminating Moriarty’s web. It’s become very inconvenient for both of us.”
John stands up from his chair.  He moves two steps and then is standing over Sherlock, mouth soft and eyes bright.
“You.”
Sherlock gets up from his chair, goes into the kitchen, and comes back out.  He’s holding a folder, similar to the one that held the information to Mary’s past life.  Had held the information on Amelia Romans.  Sherlock hands the folder to John.
It’s late, but they aren’t ready for bed.  The windows are open, and Sherlock has just finished playing his violin for John.
He remembers wanting: to pull that cotton over Sherlock’s torso, to kiss the clavicles there, to touch the nape of his neck, to let his fingers dance over his bare shoulders, to make his way slowly up to the corner of his mouth, testing the waters.
“I’ll see what I can do,” John said numbly. He couldn’t even look at Sherlock.
“Yes, I’m fine.  I just know I’ll never be able to sleep, I need time to adjust, you know?”
“I may have told a few people at my last club meeting.” Phillip was of course referencing his club that swapped crime stories and conspiracy theories. Normally it was a harmless group of nerds getting overly excited about homicides over a few pints. This time it had cost John everything.
“Right.”
“I’d very much like to believe you,” Sherlock says.  His voice is hardly above a whisper.
“Of course it was.”
“Sometimes.”
__________
He looks peaceful in sleep.  Sherlock sits down in the Client Chair, violin and bow still in his hands.  Sherlock watches John sleep.  It almost feels like how it did before he left.  Before Sherlock went through hell to come back and hold this man in his arms only to be told that he’d have to settle for simply seeing him happy.  That was what he really wanted anyway.
Sherlock looked at him, confused.
Sherlock allows his shirt to be taken off and rolls onto his back.
“Right, well, I’m doing carryout.  How’s Chinese?”
John immediately forgot all about Phillip. He forgot he was on the roof, and he forgot the time and day. Basil was the name of the gardener in the damned book Sherlock had bought. John’s mind went wild, and he could only see Sherlock’s face as he leaned in to kiss him. His eyes closed and mouth gone soft. John sighed into the thought, then came back to his senses. He had to call the Ritz.
“Are you sure?” John asks.
The extremity of this knowledge all came to him while waiting for his coffee staring at a trash bin.  The desire to never leave John’s side enveloped him quietly.  Fine then.
John opens his eyes, and sees that is 4:16 am.  He turns over and sees Sherlock looking at him, half asleep but alert enough.
None of this would have been a problem if John could have just married a normal person, but of course that wasn’t an option for him.
with the name of the pub and the time and it was 8:00 pm now and John needed to get into a cab as soon as possible so he wouldn’t be late.  He glances at himself in the mirror once more.  He has the date jacket on, and one of his nicer navy blue sweaters.  He hasn’t been sleeping well, hasn’t in a long time really, but he still looks decent.  He can’t believe he’s going on a date again, after over a year, much more than a year, of not doing so. It’s almost funny to think he’s doing it, and it was only ever going to happen again if Sherlock was dead.
“I wanted to know what he was going to say!”
He lets Mary visit the grave with him.  The things he has said to this waist-high stone, to the dark grass underneath, are still lost on him sometimes.  He once got in a cab intensely drunk and told the cab to take him to the grave.  He is fairly certain he’d told the rot under his feet that he was in love with it, scotch burning his throat.  How morbid.
They get back into her car, and Mary starts the engine.
“John.”
John was fairly drunk.  His movements were slower, his eyes would stay closed for long amounts of time.  He kept licking his lips and running his hand through his hair.  Sherlock tried not to watch him, unsuccessfully.
“Now, just stop,” John said, throwing his hands up. “This is completely mad behavior. All I’m asking for is a little bit of perspective.”
But he wants to be gentle, and he doesn't want to make Sherlock answer it all at once.  Not if he doesn't want to.
As John throws the USB in the fire, and holds his crying wife, he can’t help but wonder if the tears are real, if this too is a lie.
“How are you feeling? About the trial I mean,” John clarified. Sherlock shrugged, blowing smoke out of the side of his mouth.
“I did.  Why did you let me?”
“No, I’m not.”
“Hello, you must be Phillip,” Sherlock said from the tub. John ran a hand down his face. Phillip immediately turned around and closed the bathroom door. He took a deep breath in and out.
“No, absolutely not.  There is nothing in this world I would not do for you,” Sherlock says.
When he reaches John’s bedroom door, he stops.  It is open only an inch, and it is completely dark inside.
“No, probably not,” John replies.  He’s calm, steadied by the danger posing itself on him.
“I’m sorry, John.  I didn’t know if you were together or not.”
The worst part was, some part of Sherlock had always known, it had just taken John getting married and a murder about to take place for him to figure it out.  Sherlock had assumed that it had simply been some type of thankful-for-John-Watson feeling.  Friendship, perhaps?  Was that what it was?  Friendship involved wanting to spend every moment of your life with a person, right?  Friendship meant willing to do anything for a person, right?  Friendship meant wanting to touch that person, wasn’t that right?
“She wasn’t supposed to be like that,” John said.  He shook his head, and raised his glass to his mouth.  “What am I supposed to do with that?”
They were silent for a beat, and John wracked his brain trying to remedy the tension.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it just slipped out,” he begins, but John lifts his left hand off of his face and kisses the tips of his fingers.
He doesn’t even question it, just takes it hungrily.
__________
Sherlock manages to roll his eyes but John gives him a stern look and if Sherlock is being honest with himself he does love when John sternly tells him to do something.  It’s been two weeks and he’s discovered that he’d probably sit still for days if John gave him a certain look.
John tears the envelope open and almost rips the card. The front of the card is a dog wearing a Santa hat. John smiles at the stupidity of it and then opens it. It’s a blank card, but Sherlock’s handwriting takes up most of the card.
“Oh please, it’s always the butler,” Sherlock said, placing the book back on the shelf.
Christmas morning is strange.  John wakes up in his bed and he can tell what time it is by the way the sunlight hits the walls.  A trick he learned during his darkest time.  He gets out of bed and immediately packs his things—there’s no use letting it linger.
John didn’t have an answer, but he kissed her cheek.
“Dammit Anderson.”
It was hurried, too quick, a childish type of touching, so eager they were they became like high school kids trying to screw before their parents got home.  With John’s hand on his cock and his mouth at his collar bone, Sherlock thought he might know what could make his mind stop working completely.
“You could never be a consolation prize.  You aren’t something I deserve in the slightest.  None of what happened with Mary and the baby is your fault.  The things you have done for me…Sherlock, I love you so much.  I don’t know how to make you believe me.  But it’s true, whether you believe it or not.”
“Bet you never saw this coming.  What would you like me to make him say next?”
Their days feel so much longer suddenly, and maybe that’s because they resolve not to do much without the other.  Mostly, there are so many things that change yet stay the same.
He recalls the dreams he had when Sherlock was dead.  The beautiful things his brain conjured up and used to torment him all the more.
“Blokes don’t always catch on when I’m hitting on them,” John replies, and keeps eye contact with Sherlock the entire time.  Sherlock scoffs and feels himself blush again.  He tries to think of something intelligent to say back but he can’t.  He feels ridiculous, a grown man unable to get his mind together enough to flirt back.  He feels like he’s a teenager again.  His brain has gone all fuzzy with
A week before Christmas John came into Sherlock’s room again.
“No, Sherlock.  I missed you too.”
__________
“Am I nice?”
“You killed a man for me.  Some people would consider that a bit romantic.”
Sherlock drives them to his parent’s house.  The drive is mostly silent, and it makes John uncomfortable.
When the food finally arrives John turns on crap telly, takeout box on his lap.  Sherlock sits down next to him with his order, probably eating mostly to humor John.  John can also tell that Sherlock has gone off to his room to have a sneaky cigarette.  He’s tried to cover the smell with toothpaste and soap but John can always detect it.
-James Baldwin, Giovanni's Room
“Oh.  No, I can wrap that myself it’s fine,” Sherlock says hurriedly.
John closes the tab and then takes Sherlock by the hand, and drags him out of the pub.  His hand is warm and solid and delightful.  Sherlock doesn’t even mind that he’s being dragged around.
John nods and smiles and squeezes the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
Besides the wind.
John doesn’t know what he means but Sherlock sounds so sad, and he’s never heard him sound like this before, it’s sort of scary.
Three beers in, they’re outside of the pub.  It’s gotten late, and they’re both tired, somewhat leaning against the other while they wait for a cab to pass.  When one finally does, John waves it down and opens the door for Mary.
“That was a girl’s night that one.  That’s Abbey, Marie, and Janine.”
name the first night they’d shared a bed.
John had ended up being angry about something completely different.
“You have a wife,” he said, and immediately felt guilty.  They hadn’t mentioned her in weeks.
“I don’t know.  I don’t know who you’re supposed to be.”
“I’ll be here if you need me.”
__________
__________
It’s been two months, and they’ve walked from dinner to Mary’s flat.  She’s put her arm in his, placed her head on his shoulder, and when they arrive at her door, she kisses him.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock thought this was a fairly stupid question.  John knew exactly what to do with dangerous people.  He was one, in fact.
Perhaps he dreams of Ellis because he wishes for a simpler time.  Maybe it is because Ellis was always so completely open with him.  Perhaps it is because Ellis always wanted him to be better than he was, wanted to open John up, crack open his entire being and enter, and was never allowed to do so.
“It’s not a good feeling I can assure you.”
Not what? What was he not?
“Because I can’t piss with you in here.”
“You woke me up!” John says, falling into another fit of giggles.
“Just fucking do it!” Sherlock screams, his voice hoarse.
John pushes the lump in his throat down.  This man, the sociopath.
“Thank me for what?”
“Thank you,” John says.  “For…for everything.  I didn’t say it before.  And it needs to be said.”
“The look on your face!” Sherlock says, barely getting it out, collapsing into a fit of giggles.
She shrugs and places biscuits on the coffee table. John rolls his eyes and sits in his chair across from Mycroft.
“Stopping, stopping?  God no why would you stop?”
_________
“If you don’t have a pass I can’t let you in.”
“I don’t know. I live across the street and I thought I’d come in. I’ve never been in here before.” She shrugs. “I’m Anna by the way.”
A shiver ran through John and he shook his head.
“What is it?” John asks. “In Terling?  My Dad took us on vacation there once.  What the hell is going on in Terling?”
Why indeed.
“Tell me, he said, "What is this thing about time? Why is it better to be late than early? People are always saying, we must wait, we must wait. what are they waiting for?"
John bends down and takes Sherlock’s face in his left palm, then kisses him softly.
“God, you must really love him.”
Sherlock comes through the door.  He looks tired.  John guesses he hasn’t slept.
Phillip shrugged. “I wrote a couple down.”
“Right.”
John walked out of Sherlock’s hotel room, still holding the dishes. He left them at the front desk, to the receptionist’s surprise, and then walked out of the Ritz. He stopped just outside the door, remembering Sherlock’s face as he’d asked John if he wanted to come up. Sherlock’s face had been so admiring, so lovely, his eyes and mouth gone all soft with his want. John ran a hand down his face and then walked away from the Ritz, back to his flat, and collapsed into bed, trying not to think of Sherlock Holmes.
They sit around the kitchen table.  Sherlock realizes he still has feet in the refrigerator and there’s four different types of mold on the counter, for an experiment.  Normal people would probably be thrown off by that.  Would probably think that was a bit disgusting.  John doesn’t know these things exist yet but John also willingly went to investigate the murder of a woman, wanted to go see a corpse and so Sherlock feels he probably won’t be too thrown off by the feet.  John has agreed to live with Sherlock and he hasn’t yet moved his things in, and Sherlock knows he won’t help at all and John will roll his eyes and pretend he’s annoyed but won’t be, not really.  Sherlock can read all of this so vividly, and loves it.
“And I feel like it’s probably time for bed.”
“You had something you ask me?”
John laughs and shakes his head at Sherlock.
John’s heart gives a painful jump inside his chest.
“You don’t need to ask.  This is your home.  It always has been.”
“No, it’s that I’ve got someone.” replied John
He pulls the covers around him tightly.  He knows he’s going through withdrawal.
“Pleasure,” John said, and almost stood up to shake Mycroft’s hand when he saw that he was completely ignoring John and electing instead to make himself a drink.
The first case back had been a disaster.  John hadn’t been trying to solve crimes for two years after all, he was rusty.  And Sherlock must have realized this, though he never mentioned it.  Each time John was with Sherlock he was much more concentrated on Sherlock than any case they were solving, sometimes it felt a bit silly to be there at all.  John felt like he was staring, pining away at his friend like two years ago and it wasn’t good so he tried to make up excuses.  There had been two cases he’d passed up, feeling not only inadequate but a bit ridiculous.  He loved the cases, he’d been able to run after a kidnapper once and it had been spectacular.  But he wasn’t unattached anymore.
Sherlock has broken his heart several times over but the mending is like concrete.  Sherlock continues to be impossible, to not make any sense.  It was the biggest lie in the world to believe that Sherlock never cared for him.  Sherlock’s body is physical proof of this.  John does his best not to begin to sob heavily in his backyard.  He pulls himself together and goes inside.
“I think he likes to be mysterious,” Harry said, handing the paper over. “Look, now you can talk to Sherlock. I know you think about him all the time. I’ve got to run, I’m already running late for work.” Harry left the shop and John stared down at the number. He wanted to call it. Of course he did. But he also didn’t know if there was really any point. John had had a perfect night with Sherlock. But it had really just been one night. What was one night to the rich, famous, brilliant, and beautiful Sherlock Holmes? Surely he had forgotten all about John. John dropped the piece of paper into the bin, and tried not to think about it for the rest of the day.
Kendal wanted to laugh, but didn’t. She could show minimal respect for the dead, even if they were terrible flatmates.
“London’s pretty at night,” Kendal said, looking around at the bustling street and the lights of the buildings.
“You may want to sit down.”
But she had made her decision. And Kendal, stubborn as a mule, always stuck with her decisions once she made them, regardless of the consequences.
He knew that there was no comfort for her in a time like this. She had lost the biggest piece of her heart and there was no one to fill that void.
Kendal was already down the hall when Amy leaned towards Victor.
“Only he could pull something like that off.”
The next morning, Kendal woke up, got dressed, curled her hair for her audition, and went into the kitchen for breakfast.
A picture of Sherlock greeted her on the page, the one of him wearing the deerstalker.
Sherlock glanced at the mantle, at a school picture of a certain child.
Kendal murmured something about leaving something backstage and left right after. Victor, after exchanging a meaningful look with his parents, followed her.
It drove her father crazy.
She had made a list in her head of reasons why she had made this decision, why she wasn’t just staying with someone who knew her and loved her, already. Why make this lonely army doctor love her enough to keep her around?
Nothing was alright. Nothing was alright in his world, and nothing was alright in Kendal’s.
Next was a picture of Amy, Oliver, Victor and herself after Amy’s dance recital. Amy had danced beautifully that night and they had all told her so for hours afterwards. She put that one on top of the bookshelf.
It wasn’t until they were halfway through cake, when the sun had disappeared behind the horizon, when Mrs. Hudson asked Kendal and her friends to play them a song.
And, God help him, he needed her.
However, that didn’t stop him from eventually throwing Kendal off of his back and grabbing her, holding the gun to her temple.
It smelled like coconut, or some heavily modified version of a coconut.
“Hopefully.” Victor answered. “I mean, yeah. Yeah, I’m ready.”
“Don’t be,” He said. “It’s- it’s not your fault. It’s alright, now.”
John knew that she was thinking of her dad. Little girls weren’t supposed have thirteenth birthday parties without their fathers in attendance.
“I hope she didn’t need those.” Mrs. Hudson mused. “She has a quiz tomorrow.”
They went to museums and sightseeing. Kendal had seen surprisingly little of London.
“Lestrade thinks we should give Kendal a medal.”
He didn’t even glance her way, in fact, he didn’t look like he had seen her at all.
“Sherlock needed a distraction.” Kendal hiccuped, sitting up. “That was the only thing I can think of.”
“With Kendal?” He supplied.
“I wasn’t being sarcastic, John, I think it actually could have been much worse.”
Sherlock was surprised at how difficult it was to lift his gaze to John, who was standing, now.
To his surprise, Sherlock looked almost sheepish when he answered.
“Look, he loves you. And you love him, too. I’m not saying you have to like, call him dad or anything, but you might want to think about opening up a little. I know that that’s hard and I have no idea what I’m talking about and can’t even begin to understand what you’re going through, but it’s how I feel. That’s how I view the situation.”
“Kendal threw a chair through a window and tackled the perpetrator.”
“I had to do that by something,” Sherlock said almost exasperatedly.
“It’s good to see you, mate.” He said, shaking John’s hand as he crossed Baker Street’s familiar threshold. “You’ve changed a few things, haven’t you?” He asked, looking at the streamers festooned from the ceiling.
She couldn’t fit through the vent, and even then, she would probably just wind up lost in the ceiling, anyway.
That didn’t mean that he shouldn’t at least think about putting her picture on his desk.
John nodded his head and took his hands away, placing them back at his sides.
“And you are okay, aren’t you?” John said, glancing up at Sherlock.
KENDAL: I came home after school today and he was playing the violin in the living room, so I ran to the clinic and got John and brought him back to Baker Street, and then they had a very loud conversation, I went to my room and now Sherlock is moved into the bedroom downstairs.
The flat was dark and seemingly empty when she came home (it still felt wrong to call it that). She left her bag on one of the armchairs and went to the bathroom. She heard it fall on the floor, but didn’t go back to pick it up. Maybe she could stand in a hot shower and wash everything away. Wash herself away.
Victor shook his head. Kendal had been talking like this often in the last few weeks, sounding like she was all grown up instead of almost thirteen. He supposed she had had to do lots of growing up recently.
She looked around the room and tried the door. Locked.
“Car crash,” He said, shaking his head. “In March.”
“John,” Kendal said. There was mic tape residue on her right cheek. “You remember Victor, don’t you?”
“We’re invited to Baker Street?” Amy asked, leaning forward, suddenly intrigued.
“Go to sleep, Kendal.”
John nodded and, acting completely on an instinctive whim, reached forward and brushed a soft strand of hair behind his goddaughter’s ear.
“My goddaughter, actually. Her birthday is tomorrow. She’ll be thirteen.”
“You- wait, you- and- Sherlock, what?”
“Sorry,” She said, slipping it into her pocket. “What’s up?”
Sherlock. I think you’d both be happier and safer if that were the case.”
“Watch your tone, young lady.” John warned. Kendal’s cheeks flushed an even deeper red.
“Victor said it was nice.” Oliver recalled.
“How convenient.”
“No, love, I’m early.” Lestrade said. “You must be Kendal.”
Wait.
But the look on Kendal’s face, the fact that she was trembling where she stood, everything she had said about this stranger she had encountered...
“Here, let me.” John said, walking around the table. Kendal handed him the necklace and moved her hair to the side, allowing him to fasten it around her neck. The treble clef fell between her collarbones, halfway between her heart and her vocal chords.
“You okay?” John asked, entering the bedroom that didn’t feel like hers.
“I’m sorry, Kendal. I really am. You’re not a bad person, but sometimes I don’t think you’re very fair to him.”
So that left her here, on this garden bench, feeling the cold of the rain seep through her funeral dress, knowing that she would be making a new home in 221B, Baker Street very, very soon.
No, this was...
John nodded his head. “That’s what Kyle said.”
“But...but he loved John.”
John scoured the shelves of the grocery store for nearly ten minutes before he found Kendal’s shampoo, glowing between less bright products. He took two bottles off of the shelf. For some reason, that made him feel better. Like he was actually acting like a godfather.
“We will soon, love.” John promised. “Did he hurt you?”
Kendal had a lovely voice, he realized. It was strong and full of life and had no trouble staying perfectly on pitch. In a way, Kendal’s music was like Sherlock’s; beautiful and sad and unpredictable, not to mention present whether he wanted it or not.
OLIVER: Kendal, don’t mess with us after dinner. You know it’s too late for that
“I had a plan-“ Sherlock tried to say.
She told herself.
“How could you?” John asked as he sat up. “How could you?”
A knock on the half-opened door brought her attention away from the walls.
Like blue shampoo and purple conditioner (the bottle was purple, anyway) and deep-pore acne cleanser and soap that smelled like lavender, all in a separate shelf in the shower.
“Are you sure?”
Kendal nodded her head and blinked her tears out of her eyes.
“Yeah, that one.” She said, nodding her head. Victor’s hands went to the piano and played the first chord.
“He was-“ he shook his head again. Kendal immediately regretted asking. “He was a bloody awful flatmate.”
“Is that...”
2. Move in with Amy, her best female friend. Amy’s situation was almost similar to Victor’s. Amy had an older sister who probably didn’t want a mopey, probably crying babydoll hanging around. And Mrs. Lake, in all of her recently-divorced youth and beauty, was too wrapped up in her career to even give Amy very much attention. Not to mention what it would do to her friendship with Amy. Also, they had not offered to take her in.
“The scrapes we got into,” John said, shaking his head. “Very near misses, Kendal Elaine, very near.”
John’s eyes widened just like hers had when he saw Sherlock.
“For your birthday, of course.” He said. Kendal smiled.
“Do you play the acoustic guitar or the electric?”
“I’m sorry about Sherlock,” She said softly.
“Alright, here you go,” she said, handing him the box, which easily fit into his coat pocket. “Tell your girl ‘happy birthday,’ won’t you?”
Then she was alone in this new room.
“She’s being modest,” John said to Sherlock. “When did you say your audition was again?”
Oh, God.
“Will she be alright?” Sherlock asked.
“Little Shop of Horrors,” She said. “It’s about a plant that eats people.”
“It really couldn’t have,” John said. “Sherlock, things have to be- look, things have to be a little bit different now because of Kendal, alright?”
“How do you know about that?”
KENDAL: Guessing CORRECTLY, by the way
She felt those arms tighten around her. She appreciated the gesture, if nothing else.
“We’ll figure something out.” He promised her. She nodded her head.
“You okay?” He asked. Kendal nodded and sat beside him on the sofa.
“How did Kendal happen?” John asked pointedly.
“Do you need me to help you unpack?” Kyle asked.
Victor realized that Kendal probably would have been more sympathetic towards Sherlock’s plight had her own father still been here, but he also realized that if her dad were there, they wouldn’t be having this conversation at all.
“So when will that be?” John asked, putting another serving of orange chicken with fried rice on her plate.
“She was rather hysterical, so there’s every chance that it was just gibberish that I misheard-“
And now he was gone.
Kendal had to do something, she had to stop Sherlock from facing a murderer alone. He couldn’t die, not again, not without knowing that John loved him.
“I have an old standup piano downstairs,” She explained, looking at Victor. “You play, don’t you?”
“Oh, dear.” Kendal breathed. “Oh, dear.”
John noticed the abrupt change in her expression and knelt on the other side of the case.
The bell rang, signaling that she and Victor had five minutes to make it to their first class.
John had bought her new shampoo. She lived here, now. Her father was dead, dead and gone and so far away from her. Unreachable. Gone. Nothing left. Not a trace.
OLIVER: HOW IS THERE A FAMOUSLY DEAD MAN AT YOUR KITCHEN TABLE?
At least, that’s what he told Kendal when he ran the idea past her.
OLIVER: WHAT
In roughly an hour, Kendal Evans would be placed in the care and keeping of Dr. John Watson, her legal godfather, for the foreseeable future.
“Alright, love.” Mrs. Hudson said, picking up her washcloth again. “Be safe.”
“You took your time,” Sherlock said. Kendal was amazed at his grace under pressure; she wasn’t even in the room and she was practically shaking in her shoes.
“She does?” John asked.
She found a bench beneath a flowered arch far enough away from where her father was going to be buried. That was where she sat down and allowed herself to have her tears.
“What was he like?” She asked, her voice hushed.
When Kendal woke up, she didn’t know where she was.
Then he looked closer. At the bags under her eyes and the hollowness of her face and her frown. Kendal loved to smile and now she almost never did.
“And you perform this in-“
Kendal looked surprised. “I- John, he was here first.”
“It’s not ceremonial anymore, Sherlock. William is gone, and Kendal needs me.”
“You’d like her, you know.” He said softly. “I know you two would get on.”
The sentiment box.
She kept crying. John kept holding her, kept making these soft, soothing noises that didn’t sound like words. Somehow, one of his hands found her hair and started stroking her soft, dark tresses.
A few hours later, Kendal bade him goodnight and went to her new room for the first time. John was sure that she would cry herself to sleep.
“Because I think you’d do well to be friends with Miss Evans,
“Why am I laying low?” He asked.
“Sherlock, I realize- well, I realize now why I- why losing you two years ago was so hard for me. I know- I know you’re married to your work, but I- I’ve wanted things from you, I’ve wanted things for you, for you from me, ever since we met. I don’t know how I managed to avoid it for so long, and now- I feel like I’m getting to you too late, I feel like-“
Kendal nodded her head. “Goodnight, John.”
“Ah. And this, you- this starts soon?”
Kendal sighed internally. This would take some getting used to.
Victor finally released her and took a deep breath.
Kendal felt her brow furrow. She nuzzled against Victor’s chest and closed her wet eyes.
Kendal nodded her head. It felt good to be loved again.
“I mean- I mean that if Kendal was right, if Kendal wasn’t delirious, that- that you can tell me. You can tell me yourself.”
He went on dates. He asked out women he saw on the tube or in cafes. Some of them went well, most of them didn’t lead to second interactions.
“I’m- no, I’m fine, but they- John, he was playing his violin and he looked- John, he looked just like him, he looked at me just once and he knew me, he knew that I played the guitar, that- that someone- someone of mine had died and-“
Victor’s parents had tried their best to act like everything was normal during dinner, but Kendal knew that nothing was normal.
“Why isn’t Kyle taking care of her?”
Kendal felt her lips trembling. She blinked her eyes rapidly, she would not cry over one of her own mistakes, not in front of this man who didn’t love her yet.
Mrs. Hudson nodded. “That advanced music class she’s been taking takes the whole thing very seriously. I hope she’s not too worried, her audition is today.”
He packed her snacks for school. Kendal always insisted that she didn’t get hungry throughout the day, but John always noticed that containers that contained apple slices or carrot sticks were always empty at the end of the day.
“I knew Kendal had lost someone-“
John set the shampoo down and left the bathroom.
“I’m sure she’ll like this one. We’ll invite Lestrade and her friends from school.”
“You don’t speak very highly of him.” Oliver observed.
“I know,” Sherlock said. “It’s obvious.”
He wondered how lonely he would have to get before he started dropping mothers of his goddaughter’s friends’ a line.
Sherlock was on the ground before he could finish his sentence.
“Hi,” She said, offering her hand. Angelo, instead of shaking it, lifted It to his lips, as if she were a queen instead of a sweet little girl.
Kendal was asleep on the sofa when Sherlock came home. John was sitting in the kitchen with a cup of tea.
Kendal was still angry the next morning when she got dressed and went to school. That anger carried her through her classes and her callback and all the way home to Baker Street.
“I...I, uh...” Kendal tried to answer. All of the moisture that was supposed to be in her mouth was gone. “This is my dad’s guitar.”
John couldn’t remember the last time he told someone that he loved them. He vaguely remembered the last person he loved, but he couldn’t dwell on that, not tonight-
“Fairly” effectively because it gave Sherlock enough time to rush over and stop the bomb.
“Don’t do that,” John said gently, taking her hand and placing it back in her lap.
“Stupid?” John supplied.
The old table was right by the window; Angelo set a candle between them, handed them menus, then walked away.
“It was my only option,” Sherlock said. “I was sure-“
She resisted the urge to bury her face in the soft blue material and inhale as much of the past as she could. Eventually, everything in this room would smell like something completely new. Maybe by that time, she would hurt less.
Kendal blinked tears out of her eyes and set it on the bedside table. The roses and her jewelry box went on top of the dresser.
“Wait, wait-“
John reminded himself that Kendal wasn’t his child.
And she couldn’t be the one that took Sherlock away from John again.
John nodded his head, adding a spoonful of honey to her tea.
Maybe John wrote him letters, or talked to him before he fell asleep every night.  Sherlock did this with John, when he was away, so maybe that’s why he likes to imagine it.
In another universe, John calls out to Sherlock.
“I know you aren’t lying, but I can’t believe you,” John replies.
“My God, you’re an idiot.  It’s all I’ve been thinking of for weeks,” Sherlock says and John can’t help the groan that comes out.
But the truth was that he was bored.  Which pastel yellow the baby’s room would be didn’t seem to matter all that much, and it was somehow worse than all the wedding planning.  Maybe because Sherlock had just done all the wedding planning.
“I didn’t want you to know I’d gotten hurt.  I just wanted to come back and let things fall back into place.”
The very beginning of the palace, the first cement bricks laid, are John’s hands.  They hold Sherlock’s mind in a gentle caress, carrying all it has to offer.  Sherlock knows how fragile this has made him, to place his brain in someone else’s hands has been damaging at times, but John’s hands have seemed the safest place for it.  His hands are sturdy, and steady when in danger, warm, and secure.  Sherlock’s mind will never be dropped, or held too hard to the point of being crushed.  Sherlock doesn’t even mind the irresponsibility of this decision.  In fact, he revels in the thrill of it.
“I dunno, you seemed guarded at first.  I felt like I was doing all the talking.  You did open up though, after a few days.  Were you weighing if you should get to know me or not?” She smiles behind her glass again, eyebrows raised.  John decides honesty is best.
“Get us another round.”
Besides, the note is clearly for John specifically. It’s something that shows it’s just for the two of them. Their secret. John smiles at the thought, but it fades quickly as John continues to inspect the thin paper. He clears his throat and then puts the note down next to the cold tea. He rubs his eyes, feeling tired.
“You must be fairly charming then,” Sherlock said. John laughed and shrugged.
“Yes. Greg Lestrade.”
“That’s actually exactly what happened.”
John thought he was rid of the possibility of talking to Sherlock again entirely until it was time to close the shop for the day. Right as Mrs. Hudson was leaving, she tapped John on the shoulder and smiled softly at him.
He finds himself kneeling on the left side of his bed, knees on the floor, clutching his bed sheets, head pressed into a pillow, the syringe lying in the center of his mattress.
A small place on the outskirts of the big city.  In the fall when it’s gotten chilly and the leaves are beautiful.  He can imagine the cup of coffee in one hand, a notebook in front of John. The image is disastrously hopeful. He imagines John outside, journaling.  He hasn’t seen John journal in forever and he always knew it had been good for him.  A way to parse things out.  The healthiest way to parse things out anyway.  A much more organized and decent way.  And it made John happy, just to be collecting thoughts and in a small way, creating something.  In a small way, clearing his mind.  Seeing John happy hadn’t happened in so long.  Maybe he and John could even have dinner together and a smile would appear that was genuine that didn’t fade almost immediately, like John was remembering that he wasn’t allowed to be happy for even the briefest moment.  So Sherlock would suggest thin. Let the idea was over John and watch his face intently so he could know for sure. This was a good plan, he was sure.
“Always?” Sherlock repeats, then shakes his head and looks away.
“When do we leave?”
“What are you his bodyguard or something?” one of the men asked, and John counted down from ten in his head.
John nods in agreement. He looks at the microscope on the counter and can almost see Sherlock standing over it, inspecting something. Making an offhand snide comment. Being handsome with the afternoon light floating in through the window. John sighs into his hand and shakes his head. The utter tosser. Making John fall in love with him and then pretending to be dead for three months.
John doesn’t even say that it is impossible.
John tried not to read the news or look closely when Sherlock was mentioned on television. He knew that Sherlock was safe and still solving crimes. He had apparently been working on helping Lestrade catch a string of bank robberies. Lestrade told John that Sherlock seemed fine, though he had become harsher with people around the Yard. “I think he feels he has to be totally serious and as cold as possible. He doesn’t want anyone to think he’s not capable of doing his job,” Lestrade had said. John had only nodded, the idea of the gentle man he had known briefly coming off as only cold and calculating made John very sad.
Sherlock wanted to wash the taste of John out of him.  He wanted to reject him.  At least once.  To show him that he wasn’t obliged to fuck him, that he didn’t want to fuck him every moment.  But he never did.  He did many times however throw fits when John would leave the house to do anything.  Even if it was just for the shopping.  Sherlock had become disgustingly obsessed.  Whenever John wasn’t there, he’d pull at his hair, bite his lips raw, pull at his skin, rubbing at the marks that John had left on his skin.  This wasn’t right, none of this was right.
Sherlock smiles, then puts the cigarette to his lips.  The smoke joins the night air and is gone soon enough.  John doesn’t want to admit it, but Sherlock makes smoking look gorgeous.  Then again, he makes most things look gorgeous.
They get back to Mary’s flat late, and John feels so tired but he also feels so angry, and he knows he will break soon, and he doesn’t want Mary to see that.  He never expected her to need to see him breaking all over again over Sherlock, and he doesn’t want her to.
John does not want to talk to anyone he might know.  He picks up the pace with his cane but it’s of no use.  “John Watson?”
John’s wife, the American assassin.
Sherlock thinks he may be underwater.  Perhaps they are back at the pool, and the bomb has gone off, and they have been blasted into the chlorine stench.  Perhaps they are swimming towards each other.  Perhaps they are finally taking their last gulps of air into their lungs together.  The world would have been a much quieter place if it had all ended this way instead.
He’s fairly sure he never wanted the food from the shops anyway.  Did John ask for something? Even if he had Sherlock can’t imagine that he actually would have gone to get it.  He dumps both the tin and the bag on a nearby shelf and puts both hands in his coat pockets.  Phone, keys, wallet. He heads to the door, turns his collar up and walks into the rain.  He walks home and gets very wet.  He thinks about John scolding him and smiles at the thought.
“Okay, sorry but why ten years?  Should I be honored?”
“Oh, of course he’s alive.  I was very nice, I bought him drinks like I said!  It was just so nice to meet him because he cleared up so much.  I thought I was right about you and Ol’ Sherlock, but now I know I’m right.”
“Bye,” John said dumbly into the dial tone.
“Yes, yes of course you’re my best friend.”
that you--" Sherlock says into John's chest.
“Well then, what is it?”
“We were never together.”
"Yeah, I know."  John leans over and kisses Sherlock's forehead.  "I'm sorry."
“I could do that now,” Sherlock whispers.  John can almost feel a dip in the sofa where Sherlock is sitting, watching him.
He’s so close, and John would love to lean in and kiss him.  He’s a mess however, and Sherlock deserves better than that.
John can’t believe he went to meet with his therapist.  As if that would have helped.  He pours himself scotch, sits barefoot in his chair and watches Sherlock’s chair opposite him.  He wants to burn it.  It mocks him, existing there, empty.  Mycroft has planned a funeral.  John is sure it will be hateful.  He is sure Sherlock would hate it.  It is in three days and the idea of attending makes him want to die, not attending makes him want to die.
“It’s so funny you’re here.  You really will be dead soon,” the one with red hair had said, grinning and showing the large gap between his two front teeth.
"What else do you want to know?" Sherlock asks quietly when John pulls away.
When Sherlock opens his eyes he sees that John’s face is red from laughing.  John has his knees curled up to his chin and he wipes the tears away from his eyes.  He needs a haircut and he looks quite handsome.  He’s wearing the red button up.  They hadn’t meant to fall asleep at one pm but in their defense they had fallen into bed with their clothes on at five am (Lestrade had kept them for paperwork). The red button up is wrinkled and John has the tiniest amount of bedhead.  It’s so impossibly endearing.  John props himself against the headboard with a pillow and looks down at Sherlock, who is curled up in his bed sheets.  John is laughing because apparently Sherlock was snoring.
It happened on a Tuesday when John was eleven. Susie Chapman’s delicate little hands shoved him hard onto the ground and, as John went toppling backwards, he pulled Susie down with him. His hands were on her elbows, and she was lying against his chest, angry and grinding her teeth.
It’s late on a Saturday night.  There are cups of tea and leftover Chinese food between them.  They are watching Bond movies, and have been for hours.  Their knees are brushing again, and this night feels precious, as if it is precariously balanced in the universe.  It probably is.
“Of course,” John said, nodding, not believing his luck.
“Ah well, that would have been exciting though,” she said, smoothing out her skirt. Then she walked to the back of the shop to start sorting through the newly arrived books, the sound of her kitten heels a welcome comfort to John’s ears.
“Of course not. I knew you were alive. There was nothing else to do.”
It isn’t always easy.
John thought he was going to throw up. He thought his hands would never stop shaking. He hoped against hope that he wasn’t wrong about this.
“How do you mean?” He says, avoiding the question.
Meaning: he cared for her.  Had he wanted her?  John could not be that.  She had been wickedly beautiful, and had matched Sherlock’s mind.  If Sherlock were to have wanted anyone, it would have been her.  John knows he is being ridiculous.  He needs to be there for Sherlock.  He needs to talk to him if he wants to talk (he wouldn’t).  Give him a drink, perhaps.
They hadn’t spoken much, didn’t need to.  John had wordlessly placed mugs of tea into Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock had spewed nonsense that was not entirely understood every couple of hours, and John would simply nod in response.
“Oh, I’m good. Phillip has been driving me mad as usual but other than that. But you! Seems as though you have kept busy. You’re out there, saving the world. Stopping one criminal at a time.”
“That is true.  Hmm.”
John looks back at the folder.  It’s a paternity test.
“Yes, please,” Sherlock replies and that’s all John needs.  He dips down to meet Sherlock’s mouth again.
“Does that make me special?” She asks.  Her eyes light up a bit.  John knows this feeling with Sherlock: hope.
“What is it?” Sherlock asks, not looking up.
There are many things John does not know or fully comprehend, like the fact that Sherlock threw away his career and reputation (happily) to save John’s life.  He does not know that Sherlock once stabbed a man for mentioning John’s name (his time abroad in Russia), and he does not know that while Sherlock planned John’s wedding, he was not panicked, but rather in a terrified calm.  The eye of the storm.  John has no idea that Sherlock has never wanted anything more than to kiss him until he ran out of breath entirely and collapsed onto the floor.  Sherlock very much wants John to suck the life out of him.
John smiles just a little then shakes his head.
Sherlock does what he thought he’d never do.  He pushes John away gently.  John’s face falls and turns into something akin to horror.
John had called Baker Street home.
“Well. There seem to be a few reasons I shouldn’t,” John replied, tone light and teasing.
“Since I told you to run.”
John often fantasizes about telling Sherlock.  Telling him everything.  He wants to bear his soul.  He wants to tell Sherlock he’s in love with him.  He wants to tell Sherlock he is the love of his life.  He wants to tell Sherlock he was in love with James Sholto once, but nothing ever happened and he wants to tell Sherlock that the first time he fell in love with a man he was too much of a coward and so he ran away but at least he’d had the decency to kiss Ellis like he meant it.  He wants to tell Sherlock that even Mary knew that John had been in love with him and he wants to tell Sherlock that he has been in love with him since the earliest months they knew each other and he loved him when he was dead and he loved him on his wedding day and he loves and he loves and he loves.
“And you left me,” Sherlock whispered.  He hated himself for saying it.
“Of course I believe that.  You’re my best friend, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, you’re at home.  You’re at Baker St.”
John cleans up, and looks over at Sherlock from the kitchen sink.  Sherlock looks anxious, tapping his fingers on the side of the sofa, and John would be concerned, but he’s learned what Sherlock looks like on bad days.  On bad days, Sherlock goes quiet and still, looking out and seeing nothing.  This is not like that.  This isn’t PTSD from his time away, when John couldn’t protect him.  This isn’t his depression or his addiction acting up again.  This is restless anticipation.
A few hours later Stamford comes back, and he isn’t alone.  Sherlock notices the second voice immediately.  It’s soft and warm and he forces himself not to look up.  Instead he changes the focus on the slide he’s been studying.
“Why might you be in my book shop?”
Was that an offer?
After an hour, he vomits the little food he has in his stomach into the toilet.  He adds the contents of the syringe and flushes it all down.  John would only hate him more.
“Well, if you come across any of those who need somewhere to live in London, let me know.  By the way, you might want to let your son know he isn’t allowed to take the car.  He definitely put the dent there.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock replies stiffly.
Sherlock stands up, doesn’t turn around when he says “Goodnight, John,” and retreats into his bedroom.
“Fine, it’s just…you.”
“That wasn’t part of our plan. He asked me to check on you.”
“I’m going back home, I have to be alone right now.”
“Which is good.”
Sherlock brings a hand down away from John’s face and hesitantly lets it drop down John’s t-shirt, and then under, touching John’s bare stomach.  It continues, his hand snaking up John’s chest, brushing his hand over John’s chest until his hand is directly over John’s hammering heart.  Sherlock leaves his hand there and rubs his nose into John’s.
“Her name is Sarah. She’s very pretty and loves to hike. She’s a doctor too!”
Without thinking much of it, he shoots the man.  He knows he’ll make the shot, quite clean.  He’s that good.  He makes the shot, and then runs out of the room.  To Sherlock.
John’s feet get bandaged.  The glass gets swept up.  Water is forced down his throat.
Well, he hasn’t been drinking much in the past year, not after Sherlock died.  He’d forgotten how to hold his liquor.  Sherlock sits up quickly, the pokes at John’s back.
But this is how John finds himself watching Sherlock beat the ever loving fuck out of a man.  John is worried Sherlock is going to kill him.
“Just give me right now.  Knowing I said it,” Sherlock says.  His eyelids flutter again.  It’s painful to watch and do nothing.
John almost forgot about it really; he got caught up with things easily.  Being a third year med student graduating in another semester, it could be hard to keep up.  So when he was told he had a phone call he didn’t think much of it.
__________
“Good, me too.” She smiles at him, and he smiles back.  He closes the door of the cab and steadies himself.  It has been a long time since he’s kissed someone.  He hadn’t remembered how lovely it’d been.
John looked up from his textbook, lungs and ribcages suddenly seeming much less important.  Ellis hadn’t even framed it like a question.  Just a fact of life, like the sky being blue and the grass being green and John Watson being in love with another man.
“It really is.  But the world keeps turning.”
“What’s going on.”
“Don’t be.  It was a long time ago.  I was young and stupid.”
“No, you?”
He stops for a coffee inside café under the flat and then heads out.  The tubes are loud but it’s anonymous.  He watches a couple make eyes at each other and feels vaguely ill.  There’s a mother rocking her baby next to them and he isn’t sure which sight is worse.  He sips at his overly sugared coffee and shuts his eyes, trying to melt into the metal of the train cars.
“You are not being stupid.  You’re being a person.  And you’re lovely.”
“Come on and catch up,” Sherlock called from the other side of the fence.
John trails off and rubs at the back of his neck.
__________
Evan’s mouth made an ‘O’ and he sighed. “Who’s the lucky bloke then?”
“No, no, it’s really fine,” Sherlock protests.
Mrs. Hudson scoffs angrily and marches straight out of the kitchen, leaving the shattered tea cups, milk, and honey all scattered across the floor.
Living with Sherlock slowly becomes Home again.  Sherlock will play the violin after dinner, and as the nights grow colder they light up the fireplace.  They don’t go on many cases these days.  Sherlock is entirely focused on Magnussen.  They try to find out how Mary and Magnussen are connected.
to himself. He grasped the fence and then flung himself to the top, slowly maneuvered himself over, and landed in the grass, only cursing a few times on the way over.
“Good, good! And how is the new flat?  Seems like an excellent location for you, you’re always out and about in London.”
So, yes.  John is shaving after almost a full year.  Because apparently Mary and the rest of the universe hates his mustache.  And Sherlock.  Who isn’t dead.  He Is Not shaving for Sherlock though.  Not one bit.
John wakes up on a Wednesday morning and decides that today, he will tell Sherlock he is in love with him.  If he is denied, he will go on pretending it never happened, and he will be okay.  He won’t even mind, as long as he can stay with Sherlock.  He can survive the heartbreak, as long as he can still watch Sherlock every day.  John goes to buy groceries, and picks up a bottle of wine there as well.
John would be upset, maybe even should be, but he also knows that he would have ended up back here at some point, and he also knows he needed to be pulled away from himself.
__________
“I don’t have a lot of time right now. I have to get back inside very soon. I was just stepping outside to have a cigarette. But if you could wait?”
Sherlock has imagined a few ways in which a confession would be sufficient, but they would take so much explaining.
“I agree,” Sherlock says. “I kept thinking I was going to get back and then things kept getting in the way.”
“Yes, sorry.  Couldn’t sleep.  Didn’t want to disturb you.”
Sherlock is crying against John, softly, trying to be quiet, and it’s terrible because he doesn’t
“Please ignore everything Greg said. University was just…university. It’s also not as if I intended such a nickname to stick. I didn’t. You know what. Just, erase the whole thing from your mind.”
“You’re the best thing to ever happen to me, you know that right?” Sherlock said as he leaned his tall frame onto John’s much shorter one.
“No.  I’m not surprised so much as curious.”
On the third day, Sherlock bundles himself up in his coat and scarf, and turns to John just before heading out the door.
“Yes, you are angry.  But I’m also high.”
“She’s so funny, you know John?  I’m sure you know.  She’s just got something so big in her that she can’t get out most of the time.  I can see it in you too,” Clara said, sipping her tea.
“So, she loves you!” John says, wondering if he’s hiding the disbelief or the hurt well at all.
"Okay...Irene Adler," John says.
Sherlock suppresses a laugh.  He very briefly imagines a world in which he ever dated a woman, was ever interested in them.  Truthfully he doesn’t understand them, brilliant as they are.  He imagines a world where he didn’t grow up getting made fun of for being so damn different and…well, queer, for lack of a better word.  It’s ridiculous.
“You know we don’t have a king?” John asks.
“Two years?”
Sherlock nods.
“John!” He says, quietly but urgently.
“You know, there’s only two names in his address book.  Yours, and mine, and I didn’t give him any of this,” John says, anger growing as he sifts through Moriarty’s papers. “He’s your brother and you blabbed about his entire life to this maniac.”
“Have you ever…kissed a boy?”
At some point in the night, Sherlock woke up.  He felt warmth near him and finally remembered where he was and what was happening.  He was on his side, with an arm wrapped around his waist.  Sherlock felt a hand on his, and then fingers entwined with his.  He didn’t breathe for a good minute.  John didn’t pull his hand away.  Sherlock fell back to sleep.
John’s being vulnerable again.  It might just be that he’s a little drunk but Sherlock can tell he means it.
Mycroft had texted.  Sherlock hadn’t replied.
“Okay.  I have Paracetamol.”
“Of course you need it, that’s all you want.  You’re going to end up just like your sister if you don’t knock this off.  Eat something and go to bed before you’re vomiting again, just like last night.”
John looks in Sherlock’s closet, and under his bed, and underneath his poster of the periodic table, just in case. There’s nothing anywhere. John goes back out into the living room. The flat is completely torn apart. Mrs. Hudson is going to have a fit. John realizes he should put the flat back together. Instead he collapses into his chair and feels a bit like having a cry. Sherlock is alive, somewhere, and John wishes he had more to go off of. He wishes Sherlock had left more clues. He has one date, and Sherlock had to have known it was possible that there was a possibility that John wouldn’t have opened that book. It makes sense that he would have left more than one hint.
“Last time I heard you were over in Afghanistan getting shot at. What happened?”
"When did you see me?"
Sherlock turns quickly, whipping his head around, making to throw the cigarette out the window.
“You let me in,” Sherlock replies, his voice hitching just a little, a giveaway to his slowly growing panic.
Sherlock won’t come.
“That was really elegant, yeah.”
Sherlock can see so clearly John building up walls around himself, so afraid that like Sherlock, everyone else would leave.  He can see Mary taking apart those walls, inch by inch.  He can see Mary healing John, showing him that light emits from the darkness still.  He can see Mary watching John very carefully, slowly learning how best to comfort him.  Seeing the way his fist clenches when he’s upset, or the twitch in his cheek.  The hard line of his mouth and the way he swallows when he’s afraid. She must have been taking fucking notes from Sherlock.
They haven’t had a minute to themselves in days, and when they have, Sherlock has been shouting and irritable.
“I was hoping you wouldn’t have to see me like this,” James says.  His face is heavily bandaged.  For the first and only time, he takes John’s pointer finger and grasps it with his hand, the same hand that back handed him in the showers so many months ago.  John says nothing but grips him back.  Then, feeling foolish and overly exposed, he takes his hand away and salutes Sholto, then leaves.
“Well what did he say?” Sherlock asks, thumbing his bottom lip.
Moran coughs hard, spitting onto the floor.  He pulls his gun out of his jeans.  Moran points the pistol directly at Sherlock’s head.
Everything becomes much clearer, after John sees the ring.
"Wanting and loving are two very different things, John.  Plenty of people have wanted me but none of them have loved me.  I know because whenever I told them 'No' they left. And I maybe loved a few, I'm not sure.  I had a friend in Uni.  His name was Victor and he was very thin with very dark eyes and his family was living in India and always wanted him to come home.  He was very kind to me when no one else was.  He introduced me to his girlfriend and I couldn't even hate her, she was so nice.  They all had girlfriends."
“You absolutely cannot know that.  I’ve already screwed up so many things John, don’t tell me I’m not going to screw this up.”  He takes a drag, feels his hands shaking, shaking, shaking—“Stop.  Do you see how you are?  You’re so worked up over just the idea of something terrible happening and nothing has even happened.  Just from how worried you are, I can see how much you care.  How much you’ve always cared.  Sherlock haven’t we spent enough time worrying ourselves to death?  Don’t you think you deserve to be happy?”
It’s been four days like this, Sherlock coming to sit down next to him on the sofa, tucking his toes underneath John’s thigh, curling his hands around John’s own.  It’s this simplicity, Sherlock’s most innocent desires, the lightest touches.
It’s hard not to want to be violent with Magnussen.
“Yes. Mr. Holmes. Are there any circumstances that you and this gentleman might be more than just good friends?” John asked, and Sherlock found his gaze. Sherlock bit his lip as he watched John, then took a deep breath before answering.
John takes one final breath and slides the USB into the port.
__________
"This is highly embarrassing, ask the next question," Sherlock demands.
“No, I mean. If you don’t mind. I could go to a birthday party. Not my usual thing but this is also not…usual.”
“Ah, the Yard’s finest. I take his badge to use on cases when he’s distracted,” Sherlock said, and John had to laugh at that.
“Thank you.  For stitching me up.  It will certainly heal better with your work than if I had done it.”
John finds himself thinking these things, and forcing them down, because all he can see is his sister’s red stained lips. He stops every thought of it in his tracks.
Somehow John knew what he meant.  John nodded and then averted his eyes.
“I like the flat. I’m not leaving it. And I may not have gotten rid of his things but his brother wanted to keep them. I could move out but I don’t want to leave Mrs. Hudson. I know it’s a bit not good. But I suppose I’m just not ready.”
“This isn’t something I normally do.”  Sherlock gestures between them.
Molly jumps a bit, and then beams at him.
“Good.”
John smiles at her, lips tightening.
The idea of getting even drunker with Sherlock is utterly fascinating.  He’s seen Sherlock tipsy, but not drunk.  And they’ve somehow never been drunk together.  It’s terrifying and wonderful at the same time.
He’s listened to the voicemail Sherlock left for him during their time at Baskerville fifty seven times.  The day he found he still had it on his phone he played it over and over until he finally went over the tipping point and couldn’t hear Sherlock’s voice anymore as each sob took over and rocked him to sleep.
When Sholto is burned but alive, John is so surprised that he heaves up breakfast and water as sweat drips down his brow.  He is told that Sholto has been taken straight to the proper medics, and that he doesn’t wish to be seen.
He’s going to do what he should have done the night after the pool.
“I really don’t think you could do that right now.”
Sherlock nods, then collapses onto the sofa, and for the first time (that John can tell) in three days falls asleep with his coat still on.  John smiles, and as gently as possible takes the coat off of Sherlock and throws it onto his friend’s chair.  John climbs the stairs to his own bed, knowing he’ll regret falling asleep at such an hour when he has work the next morning.
“You’re going home now. We’re taking you home. Harry, stay here,” John heard his father say through the door.
John was different about things after that.  No longer kissing hard, positively shoving his tongue down Sherlock’s throat.  No longer roughing him up so badly he’d bruise.  No longer pulling his hair so hard Sherlock’s eyes watered.  Instead, John would gently place a hand behind Sherlock’s neck, finger his soft curls at the nape, and kiss him lightly.  He’d move the back of his hand against Sherlock’s jaw, soft but deliberate.  He’d smile as he did so.  This, Sherlock didn’t know what to do with.  He went with it though, because it made him feel a sort of weightlessness.  No longer did a steady hurt emanate inside him, but instead a kind of ease found its way inside.  John would go slow while touching him, would take his time fucking him, would no longer grind down against him but would kiss his way inside.  John would get on his knees for Sherlock, staring up at him from the floor with a lovely patience in his eyes.
He isn’t satisfied.
“Doesn’t she mean anything to you?” John demands.  “You once nearly killed a man because he laid a finger on her.”  It’s only later he realizes he may have been talking about himself as well.
“John, I know how obvious I’ve been.  And I know…I know you’ve been through so much.  But that does not mean that I need your…your pity, or--”
As the cab stops outside of Baker St. John all but pushes Sherlock out of the cab.
“I thought you already had someone,” she replies.  “But, then I learned otherwise so here we are.”
“No, no no no no,” he whispered.  He finished undressing and got into the shower, trying to rub his skin red.  Maybe if he just kept scrubbing, his ridiculous, unrequited crush on John Watson would scrub off too.
“John, I’m so sorry,” she says, so quiet he nearly doesn’t hear her.  “That isn’t fair at all.”
“Harry?” John had whispered. It was past midnight. Well past. Harry turned to look at John, her blond hair falling over her face, hiding it, hiding everything.
He kisses Sherlock, and knows he isn’t exaggerating.  The thought hurts.
By the time he’s made it to the building, he’s completely out of breathe, breathing quickly through his nose like the army trained him to do.  He realizes, when he sees Sherlock through the window, that he’s in the wrong building.  And Sherlock has the pill in his hands.
John wakes himself up with his own screams.
“Oh, I thought you said you’d be out late!” Mrs. Hudson says.
“His name was Watson!” someone yelled from the crowd.
“Where are we going?”
“My leg bloody hurts,” John said.  “A lot.”
“What was I supposed to do?  Ignore this, how badly I wanted this?”
After the security guard saw John speak with Sherlock he let him into the venue. There were tables set up and John decided to sit in the corner of the back row. John’s head felt as though it were spinning. Sherlock had been just as beautiful as the first time John had seen him. John had thought that he had moved on, at least a little. It was now embarrassingly clear that that was not the case.
“Fuck it, I’ve made the wrong decision haven’t I?” John said to the room. John looked to Phillip, who he knew would be the only truly honest one in the lot.
For the first time in ages, John actually feels useful, despite having to drag his leg across the hardwood floor.  And, until Sherlock leaves him stranded and he has to hail a cab.  But, still.  He can’t even bring himself to be mad.  Sherlock is quick, and rude, and nearly intolerably crass.  But John sees there a reflection of himself.  John doesn’t like people, never has, and that doesn’t seem subject to change.  Sherlock is a lot, but he’s enjoying it.
Engraved on the back:
He is to tell Mary he has forgiven her and to stay with her until his daughter is born.  He can’t let anything happen to her.
They don’t say anything else, they fall asleep on the couch, letting the tea get cold.
John cocks an eyebrow after swallowing some of his wine.
“Oh Lord, you got me a gift. Look, we’re best friends already.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock said, and covered John’s mouth with his own, then slowly trailed kisses down his neck.
this fic has been posted for awhile, but has never really been polished properly.  the lovely girlofthemirror has offered to beta this fic for me, and i am eternally grateful.
He’s going to do what he should have done about a thousand different times.
“I know, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to stay out so late.”
“Hand me a couple of those,” John says. Sherlock shakes two white coated pills out of the bottle, and John’s stomach turns over. They’re both a wreck, and they’re smiling at each other. John dry swallows the pills and cringes. Sherlock passes him the water, knowing. It helps.
Janine reached for her purse and then put a bill into John’s hand. “Thank you so much Harry, I really, really appreciate it.”
“It’s alright,” Sherlock repeats.
“Right. Well. Bad news. We have security cameras and I did see you just put a book down your trousers. So. Here’s what’s going to happen. You’re going to take the book out of your trousers and either put it back or purchase it. And if you don’t, I will gladly force you out of my shop. I returned from my military service just six months ago. Afghanistan. Trust me when I say I would love nothing more than for you to try something.” John didn’t stop smiling once as he spoke, and the man’s eyes grew more and more terrified. John had to bite down on a laugh. He wasn’t a large man, he knew he didn’t look intimidating in the least. But he did know what he was capable of. “So, I’m going to go back to the front counters now. See you shortly.” John turned back towards Sherlock, who was chuckling softly to himself. His laugh was a low rumble that was all sorts of beautiful and John hoped his blushing wasn’t too obvious.
Sherlock almost felt as though he’d pried his way back into John’s life.  Clawed at it until he had shoved his way inside of it.  But then he would recall the way John’s limbs had come towering over him, how John’s mouth had pressed itself against his first.  How Sherlock, the innocent, had shoved his hands back down to his sides to just give John a chance to decide if he really wanted to make love to a junkie.
John’s face is pure concern.
“Are you asking me on a date?” John asks.  Mary crinkles her nose and then breaks into a smile.
“You aren’t allowed to die, I just got you back, please, please,” Sherlock begs.  His hands are pressed so deeply against John that it very nearly hurts.
“Of course.”
Sherlock curls his body into John’s, and pushes his face into John’s neck.
“Yes.”
Only he may not have slept through it.  No, he vomited most of the scotch up before he fell asleep.  He thinks he got most of it into the toilet this time.  He rubs at the left side of his face, then at his calf, sore.
“Hello,” Sherlock says, and continues furiously writing, his tongue on the side of his mouth in concentration.
After they finished and John had kissed every mark he left, John fell asleep.  Sherlock left the bed and walked to the bathroom naked, then stared at the mirror and looked at every mark that John had left on him.  One on his neck, one on his shoulder, bruises on his hips where John’s hands had squeezed, half-moon shapes across his chest where John’s nails had dug into him.  Sherlock closed his eyes and remembered every mark.
Sherlock sits up after, and kisses John hard, his tongue pushing into John’s mouth.
This time John doesn’t wake up and catch him, though Sherlock knows he smells like smoke no matter how much he has tried to cover it up.  He doesn’t know if he really needs to try to cover it up.  When he climbs back into bed John kisses his knuckles, makes a “hmmph” noise and then pulls him closer.  He noticed and has decided not to comment, for now.
John and Sherlock often fall asleep on the couch.
Sherlock wonders as he rolls up his jeans to look at the wound.
“You’re really really done then?” John asks. Harry breaks out her cigarettes. John eyes her but she rolls her eyes in response.
“Sherlock Holmes?”
“That could have meant a lot of things,” John says.  “I didn’t want to assume.”
“Sorry,” John mumbles, feeling self-conscious.
“Hand that over,” John says, gesturing to the cigarette.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the buzzer. “I’ll get tea. You get the door.”
John thinks back to the many times he hid himself away.  He kisses Sherlock like it's penance.
Sherlock watches him, his mouth opens and closes.  Then it turns into something incredibly sad and ancient.
“The butler did it in this one. I can tell by the cover,” Sherlock Holmes stated, his voice deep and gravely floating across the shop.
The hotel gave him a bit of a hard time. The message was in fact a few days late. But as soon as John said the name ‘Basil’ they put him through to Sherlock.
John’s stomach flutters.  His heart rate picks up.  He squeezes his eyes shut, then opens them, determined.
“Where is he?” John whispers. Mrs. Hudson has gone back downstairs, but just in case.
Harry dropped a fork onto the table and ran to show him down the hall. As soon as they were out of the room Molly pounced on John.
He can sit in his chair for as long as he wants.  The weather will still change, the sky will change hue, the chlorophyll in the tree leaves will change until the color looks like smoke, and Sherlock will still come home looking as heartbreakingly perfect as always.  It’s getting warm, so Sherlock will open one of the windows.  He may sneak a cigarette in when he thinks John has gone to bed and he will look disgustingly gorgeous doing so, something like a slaughtered lamb, strung upside down for a reason.
“Sit still, would you,” John says, but it’s in a gentle tone.  He’s cupping Sherlock’s face in both his hands, assessing the damage.
"What am I not getting here?" John asks.
“Silly!  It wasn’t hard to find out!  Just had to find out who you were friends with back in the day, one person leads to another.  You had quite the past with him though, GOLLY!  And he was, so fun to play with.  I think he was still a little sweet on you, to be honest.”
“No I really don’t think so.”
“It seems to be a reoccurring problem,” Sherlock says simply, finding this is the best thing to say.  It’s not a lie, at least.  He can’t very well say when and why he picked the habit back up.
“Sherlock, one more thing.”  John waits until Sherlock meets his gaze.
“Wow, a thank you, impressive.  Here, ice it,” John says, handing Sherlock a flannel filled with ice.  Sherlock places it against his face and winces.  It feels amazing.  “Now, let’s ice that and get you cleaned up.  I’ll bring you a clean shirt.”
“Play with?”
“I’m going on a walk, I really need to clear my head.”
“I’m John Watson. I think he might be expecting me.” No clarification was needed. The woman’s mouth turned up into a smile but it mostly appeared that she was trying not to laugh at John.
John thought Sherlock would kiss him. He thought that the gap would finally close here, and God how he wanted it to. Instead Sherlock whispered a “Good night” and made his way into bed. John walked back down the stairs and laid down on his sofa. He rubbed at his temples and tried to will his desire away. Sherlock was not something he could have. This had already been established in months past. But it was so difficult when the man was upstairs in John’s bed. John tossed and turned until he heard footsteps coming down the stairs.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, annoyed that he wasn’t allowed to do it himself and unable to admit that John made quick and nearly painless work of it.  “Thank you.”
It’s been a month and nothing is getting easier and Sherlock is burning him alive all over again.
“I think you two forget how lucky you are. I mean, two people who love each other like you do? The chances of that happening are one in a million. Aside from the famous detective, I have loved only two people in my life. The first was my girlfriend in university who ultimately broke my heart when she moved to Ireland, and the second nearly died in action and he is now a total recluse who leaves his home perhaps twice a year.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
A reporter in blue was chosen, and he smiled at Sherlock before he asked the question. John sort of wanted to punch him just for being there.
__________
A woman with blond hair opened the door and smiled wide at the both of them.
John turns toward the stairs and heads to bed.
“All right?”
“I meant all of it, very much.”
__________
Sherlock gets up immediately before he is caught.  He goes to bed and tries not to think about how helpless he feels.
, John rolls his eyes at himself.
John himself had been a previous target.
“Did you do something?” Sherlock asked, and made to open the door.
Sherlock moved towards John again, wrapped his fingers in his hair and kissed him, all the while walking backwards towards his bedroom.
He feels overwhelmed with the desire to see him. To touch him. To run his hands through his hair. Kiss his jawline. Or just hold him. That would be nice too. Or at least being able to speak to him. To tell him what an arsehole he is. To ask him why he didn’t take John with him. Yet he keeps sending John notes. John wonders for a moment if he would be better off just thinking Sherlock is dead. But no, that would be cruel, and utterly heartbreaking. That would be too much, and John pushes the thought away immediately.
“It could have meant you weren’t interested in anyone.  You did say you were married to your work that night too.”
Moriarty knows everything about Sherlock now.  Mycroft switched his brother for a fucking key code.
It is afternoon when John wakes up.  He knows because of the way the light comes in through his bedroom window.  Sunlight hits the light beige wall right in the middle, and John pulls the covers back over his head because what. Is. The. Point?
“Girlfriends, not…really my area,” Sherlock replies.  That should clear it up.
“Do you understand, Sherlock?”
At that moment, Phillip ran through the door.
Sherlock shrugs.
John takes full breathes through his nose, then nods.
"Yes.  And to answer the other question you want to ask but don't want to invade my privacy--the answer is no.  We did not have sex.  She was willing, and I was indifferent.  Next question."
"No.  You aren't the first," John says.  He knows this probably disappoints Sherlock in a way, who is already terrified.
"I had just met you.  You seemed all right and you were very handsome but I needed more data.  And then...you kept re-enforcing how 'not gay' you are.  I thought I had miscalculated. Besides, no one has ever loved me before.  I'm still trying to decide if this is real and you aren't going to end up leaving shortly."
Of course.
“She’s gone.”
“Why are you looking at me like that?” John whispers.  Sherlock looks almost hungry.
“No, I don’t think so,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock sits up and kisses John hard. Sherlock’s palms find John’s neck, then chest, then sneak their way under John’s t-shirt. John snakes his hands into Sherlock’s hair. “I love you,” John says again. He can’t seem to stop saying it.
“Yeah. It wasn’t just the drinking though. I know what you’re thinking. It was other things too.” She takes a drag and shakes her head.
“Healthy.”
“At least die on your feet,” Moran says, venom unfolding itself from his voice.
“Yeah?”
“Human error,” Sherlock says blankly, not looking at John.  Sherlock stares straight ahead as the elevator moves up, and John sighs heavily, feeling confused as to why he’s carrying a cup of coffee, why he’s moving in an elevator, why he’s in love with two people at once.
“You know you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” John says.
"Sherlock, we don't have to do anything ever, not if you don't want to."
“John, I love you,” Sherlock says, his hands making their way up to the back of John’s neck, into his hair.
“Shut up,” John says, deciding that’s the best course of dialect.
"I honestly thought...you would be fine without me," Sherlock says.
Mexico is very hot.  It’s humid too, but John doesn’t mind so much when he kisses Mary’s chest and belly at night and he can taste the salt from the ocean.  He tastes tequila and lime on her bottom lip when he sucks there, and her thighs are damp from the heat when he touches her.
__________
“Do you need a phone?”
John made his way over to the hotel, clenching and unclenching his fist the entire time trying to contain his nervousness.
John sat on the couch, his fingers pushing into Sherlock’s scalp.  Sherlock leaned into it, his head between John’s thighs.  John whimpered and watched him as Sherlock kissed his cock, and John’s pupils became larger, pure adoration leaking out.
Irene Adler dies on Christmas Eve.  John stops dating on Christmas Eve.
There is nothing to be done about it.  Maybe it had happened when they first met.
Sherlock feels his face burn and blinks rapidly, stutters, then tries again.
“What is it? The thing?” John asked, and at the same time, a customer appeared in the doorway. “Don’t even think about it!” John exclaimed, and pointed a finger back out the door. “Just go away immediately. Go away right now.”
“Eat your food sweetheart, don’t play with it,” John’s mother cooed. She didn’t need to look up from her ritualistic morning paper, she always knew. John looked down at his biscuit floating in his tea cup, the chocolate sticking to the side of the cup. He ate the biscuit half-heartedly and then sat down next to his sister who’s eyes were glued to her new copy of Smash Hits.
Weeks after, John still found himself lost in thoughts of Sherlock. Whether he was ringing someone up at the bookshop or sitting at home with Phillip, Sherlock was always on his mind. John felt absolutely pathetic. He had fallen in love with someone who was essentially a movie star, what had he expected? The news about the trial with Moriarty was often on the television, and John would find himself watching the news obsessively just to see Sherlock’s face. He was not proud of himself, but he couldn’t help himself either. He missed Sherlock as if he had known the man for years. They hadn’t been together, not really, and it was entirely juvenile to be pining in such a way for a man that had never truly been John’s.
The stoplight changes from red to green.
“Don’t.  Please.  Don’t say anything.”  His voice is so quiet it is painful.  John wants to respond.  Wants very much to pull Sherlock to him, to hold him.  But if Sherlock wants silence for now, then John will give it.  John nods once.  He can’t imagine what his face must look like.
The traffic on the way to the Savoy was terrible. Greg was stuck at a light about ten blocks from the venue, and John worried that he would miss the entire thing. He had no idea when it had started, and Sherlock was going to leave for Russia in a matter of hours.
“I need a best man,” John says simply.  Sherlock looks at him and sighs, shrugging a little.
Mary hugs Sherlock and it’s as if he’s watching a film.  Sherlock asks to speak to John alone and it feels like he’s watching his birthday video from when Sherlock was dead all over again.  This time he doesn’t have a glass of scotch to comfort him.
“Anderson,” John said sternly. He rested his head on his chin, hardly having the energy to be angry at what he knew was about to happen.
“Why was I angry?” John asks, though he isn’t sure he wants to know the answer.
“Yeah,” John said, nodding along. “He is fairly extraordinary.”
“Let’s move her to a bed,” John says, and begins to help Mrs. Roberts up.
“Friend?” Sherlock asked, brows furrowing.
One particular evening, when John came back from Tesco, Sherlock immediately went to him.  John still had paper bags in his hands, almost dropping them all as Sherlock’s tongue was shoved in his mouth.  John put the shopping down and replied hungrily.  Sherlock however would have none of his advances.  Sherlock shoved John against the wall, and pinned his shoulders to it.  John smiled widely at this.
The moment unearths something in John’s chest.  It moves lightly at first and then stings fiercely.
“You’re right. There are a lot of reasons. But do you want to come up?”
the bold is sherlock's perspective.  i didn't think i'd be adding anything from him in this story, but it just sort of happened.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, smiling into the answer. “I believe I would.”
John checks his phone, and it is a Thursday.
“Where is who?” Mycroft says. There’s the smug look. John exhales hard through his nose.
“Oh and I’m Ellis, by the way.”
“Well how do we find her?!” John yells, digging his nails into his chair.
“So there were messages. There were two.”
John smiles at this, the drugged ramblings of a genius almost sweet.
John wafts through more smoke and opens the windows in the living room, then walks into the kitchen, still sifting through smoke and mold smell.
“What happened?” John asks.  He runs a hand over the scars.  He hates them.
“Yes, even more so after everything.  None of that was your fault you know,” John replies.  He’s gone soft completely, his lips parted slightly.
“You’re awake,” John says from behind Sherlock.  He immediately knows John won’t like his smoking but there’s no point in hiding it.
It’s all that Sherlock has wanted since his return from the dead and yet now, as it is about to happen, Sherlock is so unprepared his hands are shaking.
John had told him he’s loved him since the beginning.  Had kissed him up and down.  Had left bruises around his neck that Sherlock is sure he will love looking at in the mirror later.  It’s everything he’s ever wanted. And he wants nothing more than to go back to bed and press his body to John’s but he’s so frightened that he can’t do either of those things.
“I love him,” John whispers out loud to an empty flat.
“Are those toes?” John asks.  He stares at the plate on the table between Sherlock and himself and covers his nose.  It is indeed toes.
John only wanted to vomit a small amount. Ever since the great detective Sherlock Holmes had risen to fame, Harriett had talked of little else. "Isn't he so handsome?" she would say when the man appeared on the news. "Those cheekbones, the hair!"  "You're a lesbian Harry," John would remind her. "I'm a lesbian, not blind," she would say back, and John would bite his tongue. Harry loved pop culture. Ever since she had come home from AA she had had to find something to throw herself into, and celebrities had been her means of survival. It had been annoying at first, and John couldn't follow half of what she was talking about, but it was much better than Harry's previous, non-sober state.
Sherlock thinks as he is pulled out of sleep.
“I’m sorry, what?”
Lestrade questions him about it but Sherlock won’t reply.  The last thing he wants is Lestrade knowing something is wrong with John.  He even asks Mycroft.  And Mycroft already knows what he’s trying to do and it’s wretched.
"And when you have waited—-has it made you sure?”
John rounded the corner, saw the pack of cigarettes on the lip of the sink, and grabbed them. Sherlock held a hand out when he saw them and John handed them over, feeling more flustered than ever.
Sherlock realizes John isn’t eating much of his food either, he seems to have…other things on his mind.
“Nonsense John, it’s nothing at all dear.” She continues to scrub and starts humming. He’s tried to stop her over the last few weeks, but she continues and shows no signs of relenting. It’s not as if he can tell her to stop doting, on account of Sherlock being alive and all. Mrs. Hudson hums and John starts to whistle. She smiles at him while she wrings out the sponge. John picks the newspaper back up and tries to concentrate on the words, biting his bottom lip the entire time he pretends to read.
"Well, we can.  When you want to.  When we're ready."
“I don’t know, I didn’t ask. He was so upset.”
What does he expect Sherlock to say?
They fall into place, closer and closer every day it seems.  After a month, Sherlock is sitting next to John at the kitchen table and not across.  Sometimes their knees brush and neither of them says anything.
He turns, straightening himself, trying to look somewhat dignified.
“Know what?”
Inside the cab, Sherlock rubs his hands together over and over, it looks nearly painful.
Then, John steps closer, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands.
“I like him,” Mary repeats, and turns to look out the cab window.
“I had a good time tonight, Mary.”
The baby isn’t his.
The man is limping toward him, and Sherlock sees about a hundred things at once.
John stood up, walked to Sherlock’s chair and placed each hand on the arms.
John knows now though, that there is no more waiting.  Sherlock feels, but he doesn’t feel things Like That and so it’s done.  There would be no trying anymore.  He’d go back to his lovely fiancé, the one who he hadn’t even gotten to properly propose to, and go love her, as he had been doing for the last four months.
“I got word yesterday that it’s quite possible that Moriarty is in Russia. So I’m going there. But, I brought this for you.” Sherlock gestured down and John saw that it was a framed painting, wrapped up in brown paper.
It’s a Tuesday morning, and John rolls over to face Mary, her lilac walls framing her sleeping figure.  She’s soft in sleep, beautiful.  She blinks a few times and then matches his gaze.
John tries not to, but he does make it to the bathroom in time.
Sherlock can’t see how that is possible either, given the circumstances.  Mary is gone and perhaps never would have caused John such trouble if Sherlock had never bothered John in the first place.  John is without a doubt Sherlock’s best friend.  More than that, unrequited of course.  But this knowledge has always seemed wrong and strange, like the first time John told him that he was his best friend and asked him to be his best man.
“How long was it supposed to be?”
“I know.  I don’t want to screw it up either.  But you’re not going to.”
“I’m afraid,” Sherlock says.  “I think I’m going to die.”
“Yes.  I have since when we first met.”
The others were beginning to question it, that was the main problem.  It was downright hilarious that they were, because nothing was happening, and nothing could happen.  No one came out and asked, no.  They would just stare daggers at him when he’d leave the Major’s tent sometimes, or look down at the letters he was writing to his sister.  Letters stating:
He loves me, how is that possible?
“I’m not sad because I lost Mary and a daughter that wasn’t even mine in the first place.  I’m not sad that I’m not living with a picket fence and dog and quiet.  I think you know me better than that.  I was never cut out for any of that, you and I both know.  You said it the night at Leicester Gardens.  The only reason that life was ever an option was because I thought you were dead.  Do you really not know, Sherlock?  Here, I thought you were tip toeing around me because you knew and didn’t want to offend me.  Jesus.”
Sherlock can understand emotion just fine.  He’s shown it all the time.  But what is real and what isn’t is not always clear and John can’t help but wonder if everything Sherlock had said at his wedding could be true, if all his folding of serviette napkins was panic or the need to be in control.
He accidently sobs against John’s mouth and he doesn’t know if he’s even embarrassed.  He has no idea how he looks right now but it doesn’t matter because John’s right hand is against his spine and his left hand is in Sherlock’s hair.
John realizes he’s been dreaming.
“That…that you love him.  Because you can you know, it’s…”
"I never told you she was dead," John replies.
“Shall I get the scotch?”
Sherlock has rejected him before.  It is a lifetime ago, but he has.  This is so much more than thinking him handsome.  This is Earth shattering.
“No that’s fine.”
The next day, after John was able to collect himself, he sat down with Phillip.
“Yeah well, you’re my best friend.” John finishes his wine.
Sherlock laughs and John laughs too. This is a little easier. Maybe they’ll be okay.
“Well, are you going to tell him then?”
“Goodnight, John.”
He looks around, a bit confused as to his surroundings, only to realize he’s in his old bedroom at Baker Street.
“I’m just sorry I didn’t get to meet him,” Mary says.  John has a laugh at that.
John wants to kiss him so badly he feels weightless.  The nicotine has gone to his head.
He can feel his heart pounding out, feel his stomach turning itself inside out, his eyes hurting but he keeps them open.
“Jesus, Sherlock!”
“No! No it’s not…”
He lets himself fall asleep on the floor and does his best not to think of John, unsuccessfully of course (as always).
As the man said ‘Toschi’, Sherlock mouthed the name with him, as if he had heard this argument before.
“It’s going to smell bloody awful in here for ages.  God. But…” John looks at the clock again.  It’s not as if he’s got anything on tomorrow, still looking for work.  “Sure, I’ll take a cuppa.”
“Do you see him?” Harry asks.
“Sorry this took so long,” John says.
Sherlock looks up at him, confused.
“I just um, that he would have understood.  I…”  Molly looks at him intensely now, a strand of hair falling across her cheek.  “I know he would have just wanted you happy, and…safe.  He would want you to be safe.”
John rolled his eyes and then stopped listening. He wasn’t able to entertain Phillip’s ideas. He was just too melancholy over Sherlock. Which drove him mad, no one had made him feel this way before.
“No.”
Sherlock wakes up to knocking on his door.  He pulls himself off of his bed and opens his door.
“You should believe me, because it’s always been true, Sherlock.  God, I’ve wanted you since I met you.  I was unbelievably in love with you before you…before you went away, and against all judgment and reason, I was still in love with you when you came back.  Christ, I was in love with you on my wedding day.  I don’t think I’ll ever not feel this way,” John says.  Once he’s said it, his teeth feel too big for his mouth.  He feels frightened.  Sherlock’s mouth is hanging open only the slightest bit, all of the features of his face gone slack.
“Yes?”
“Okay there?”
“Of course, John,” she says, wrapping her long fingers around her wine glass.  He can feel her itching to say something, and he hopes to God she doesn’t.  Though Harry has never found it difficult to talk about these things and she certainly won’t after a few glasses of wine.  She’s always been the braver of the two.  She always gives into her whims, which may be how she ended up so unhappy.
John finds himself in Sherlock’s bed. The sheets are silk and it feels like a giant feather. He finds himself watching the crack in the ceiling that moves to the left corner. He pushes his palms into the downy mattress and closes his eyes. If he’s very still, he can pretend that Sherlock is here with him. Like he never left.
Instead, Sherlock slammed his fist into the chair. His mouth however, could not behave so nicely.  Sherlock bit down on John’s bottom lip, wanting to bleed him dry.
Sherlock’s mind immediately jumps to
“Of course she can tell,” Sherlock says.  He’s wearing the coat today, always the fucking coat.  He’s sitting in his chair tonight, the coat falling over his lap.
And there it was.  That smile.
Each time they went to bed together, Sherlock felt a steady hurt in the pit of his somewhere, only knowing that this perfection would run dry at some point.  He knew it even when John began to take his wedding ring off and place it on the bedside table.  Sherlock knew because John always put it back on.
“Did you love him though?  Sherlock, I mean,” Harry says.  The fact that she has to differentiate between Ellis and Sherlock makes John want to cry.  They were not alike and John had been so different.
After they went over the case, John made a late lunch. Sherlock pointed at John’s wall and raised a brow.
“That’s what I thought.  But I think we’d better question his business partner and the mother too, just in case,” Sherlock says.  He figures he’s believable enough because John nods and hands him back the file.
More truthfully than being bored by domesticity was that he also missed Sherlock, which was very annoying and wholly ridiculous and John knew very much that this did not make him a very good husband/soon to be father.
Better still might be that Sherlock has completely memorized every moment he has spent with John, and every word he has said to or thought about John, even when John wasn’t there.  In his darkest moments, Sherlock has replayed all of these moments, starting from their meeting at Bart’s to the present.  He likes to rewind and replay the look on John’s face when he found that he didn’t need his cane, or his voice when he says “You, flirted, with Sherlock Holmes” to Irene Adler.  John sounded jealous, in Sherlock’s fantasies, had been jealous.
“It would be good if you could talk to me a bit, yeah?” John says.  And he does sound so worried, so Sherlock does his best.  He lifts his head up and looks at John.  He can feel himself looking sort of pathetic but mostly wrecked, and it must be fairly obvious because John’s face contorts and he cups Sherlock’s face in his hands.
