"I leave for ten minutes to talk to my brother, and you two start fighting. You're both adults. If it wasn't for Peter, you could've completely wrecked what we were working on." The princes almost yelled.
If you want to talk to me about that, remember to pm me on fanfiction dot net. No deep talk about Infinity War until May 27.
Anthony: Which surprises me greatly because she’s always put together.
"Well, you are also a scary-ass brunette who takes shit from no one. So I can understand you having a different type." That almost sounded like a joke.
Me: Then it’s good that you’re going to have access to a state of the art lab with AI uplink to me. So I should probably tell you that the house in Malta is now in your name.
Tony: Also, the situation is different now because the time heist ended up being a time kidnapping. Before they were just getting the stones. Now I need to get a mom back to her kids so she can make sure that she doesn't lose them, and I know you want Deke back.
"You say that now that he's tucked away in another country. What happens when he's standing in the room next to you? Would you be able to fight by his side? Would you be able to take your boyfriend having a pizza night with him?"
HSBF: Thanks Friday. Do any of those videos include singing to somebody else? When was the last time you did it?
We will work out details when I get back. It should only be a couple of days. Although I think I might have to go to DC first. POTUS awaits.
So, I’m meeting with President Ellis on the 16th and then staying in DC until Friday night. I’m sure you’re going to have to schedule and a few other things, but please leave me time for a lunch or dinner with Platypus and Monkey Lover. Also, Thanksgiving in Malta is not happening due to me having to spend extra time away due to the Mumbai fiasco.
“I like it but let's focus on the wedding before we work on more kids. We already have Afia, and I assume Miles will be with us for at least a few more months. We might as well count  Peter too."
Me: Yes. Fucking asshole.
At this point, Steve decided to just take Tony’s phone away. He placed it in his pocket, despite the fact that Tony was pouting at him.
HSBF: That still doesn't explain why the husband-and-wife team tried to kill you.
HSBF: Thank you.
Spoiler warning: The next few chapters are going to draw from things from Agents of Shield up to episode 99. I’m vague and I’m going to provide you all you need to know eventually, but these chapters are probably going to be extra fun for AOS viewers.
"So would I."
Anthony: Hey, I want to shout that I’m with you from the rooftops. Posing with my philanthropic minded boyfriend at Stark Industries’ philanthropic efforts to help with animal conservation and prevent wildlife trafficking. Happy is just going to have to get used to the idea that Pepper and I are never ever getting back together. Poor guy. He’s our number one shipper.
Friday: Please see the document attached. Although I’m no longer allowed to forward you text messages that my boss does not plan for you to see he never said anything about his therapy journal excerpts.
Red phone: And I'm sure he'll tell you as soon as he stops laughing.
To: The Mechanic
Morgan's dad: Yes, there is a couch here, and Laura brought me a granola bar yesterday. I think this is Simmons's lab. Which is evident from the minibar that I'm asking you to help me get rid of. I think this is phase 1 of the intervention that Laura from the "good" timeline is planning to do. Apparently, we all need lots of intervention.
Me: I fucked up. I want a drink.
“Because you saw a live demonstration in Siberia. You know what, give me the nano paper. If we’re in a relationship we share each other’s burdens and I’m going to take care of this one for you.”
"Friday, please don’t actually send that message to Dr. Simmons." Steve said as he lay down next to Tony as he was trying to convince Dr. Simmons that he could totally do something such as Steve without endangering his health. Obviously, he wasn’t being successful which was a shame because Steve only bothered to put on boxer shorts after getting out of the shower. Bless him.
“Not by me, but we do have shippers.”
Blue phone: And I’m sure there are members of Congress that still want to kill you, even if Senator Stern is gone. Half of them still want your tech.
Tony: If Robin’s drawings are to be believed, the object he retrieved was his wife?
Me: I don’t want to talk about what happened anymore. How is Mumbai?
Iron Dad: Sorry, I was on a video call with Jeffrey and the minion, which is why I couldn’t reply to your litany of text messages. I need to get Jane to leave SI and come work for the ATCU.
Agent Laura: How are things going with Steve? You didn’t strangle him on the way to Manhattan?
Me: However, we’re not up to those questions yet. What if we typed out our real answers to those questions and emailed them to each other?
Me: There is. But your phone is not encrypted enough for that conversation.
“There was not a lot of touching,” Tony argued back.
Melinda: No. I’ll make arrangements.
Nomad: The French comic book that it's based on is.
To: Tony_Carbonell
Note to self, have Mary get Happy a room at a different hotel far away after emailing Pepper to vent about how this was a horrible ideal and Happy is even less okay with him dating Steve now that she's single again.
Tony: Overall it was a really good visit despite feeling like most of my research is 10 years behind which pretty much means the royal super genius is 50 years ahead of everyone but me and probably Monkey Lover.
“No public reports,” Friday responded.
"That’s what I thought. Actually, I wanted to talk to you for a few minutes." Melinda said gravely. That’s not good.
So, more questions from, or rather adapted from, the 36 questions that lead to love originally developed by Arthur Aron and made famous by the New York Times Modern Love column. I’m adjusting some of the questions if not most to cut down on how much direct quoting I’m doing. Also, I realize some of these questions Tony and Steve cannot ask each other straight because they are superheroes and live in a world where people really can see the future and wake up with special powers randomly one day. However, if I’ve quoted it exactly, the question will be underlined.
“They’re coming to terms. Clint doesn’t like her being an agent. However, I pointed out that this was payback for everything he put her through during their marriage. I think he’s starting to get that. Besides, she’s not really a field agent just a handler for gifted children. So it’s not that different from her old job. He’s getting attached to Miles due to the fact the little boy is friends with Lila now.” Natasha explains.
MayMQ: Actually, that would’ve been in the text message exchange. I left before he could say anything else and took the wine with me.
Steve: She wanted to stay there, and Pepper said it was OK.
Red phone: Maybe, but most of the powered people in Manhattan would tell me to fuck off on sight.
We had a good talk after I read your original email. Although, I wish you would’ve called me. I was so worried when he didn’t show up, especially with the reports about the ferry. I know many times I skipped school to go on the ferry with my friends.
Me: You’re just brilliant. Rhodey is the perfect candidate to suggest for Director of Shield. I’m pissed I didn’t think of it. The man is brilliant. He did end up at MIT on a full ride scholarship. He’s career military, which apparently is POTUS’s only requirement for the position. He is definitely loyal to the US government so much so that he stole my suit.
HSBF: I think you would be a better Secretary of State then Ross
Melinda: Everything will be different. We’ve been friends for nearly 25 years. We have survived my divorce and what happened to him in New York. We watched our entire life’s work crumbled around us. For a moment, I thought I lost him too. But we found our way back to each other. I can’t lose him.
Also, a quick note about updates, I am probably going to be posting every two weeks for a little while as I wait for the next batch of chapters. I don’t want us to have a really long break, so I am trying to spread things out.
Tony: And Peter. May doesn’t know that yet, Aunt May that is. I thought about naming Lily as well but that would be unfair to the other siblings. Instead, they just get trust funds like Wanda.
The Big Boss: Happy is upset. He called me. That’s been happening a lot lately.
HSBF: Somebody needs to take care of you.
Boss Tony: I was distracted by children. It was grilled cheese time.
Me: Did he figure it out just like I did? Or like Liz’s dad? That was in the real version of the Agent Agent report.
“You can’t word it that way.” Steve said out loud as he read over Tony shoulder. Okay, he may have pressed a kiss to Tony’s shoulder at that moment as well.
Nomad: I’m okay not being on the top of that list.
Me: Hiroshima?
DILF: We fucked up. Natasha and Simmons managed to convince Clint to come to help us.
“That must be hard on you," Afia said sympathetically.
Counselor Laura from 2023: That’s one way to put it. I guess I’m going to have to schedule two interventions. Friday, do not give that new file to Tony until I can talk to him.
Me: I want to have sex with you. It has not happened yet because we are in different countries and you’re a war criminal. Also the time we did meet up recently, I was under medical restrictions due to surviving an assassination attempt.
Cuddle Bunny: Yes, mostly because you asked me to go with you because Pepper was not available
Counselor Laura from 2023: It's hard sometimes to understand who you're married to, but it's essential to figure it out.
BITC: Are you allowed to tell me about any of what’s going on?
Anthony love: Unfortunately, I won’t be there. I’m currently on my way to the Playground because I have no control over my schedule.
Tony: So congratulations, Snuggle Bunny. You won the shield/avengers “when will May and Coulson actually get their shit together” betting pool. I will transfer $21623 into your account.
Steve was just about to lean over to kiss Tony just as he heard a knock on the door. It was Tony’s assistant/other Avenger.
Nomad: That decision is going to blow up in his face. Actually, it might already be from what you’re saying.
HSBF: Just be careful.
Me: But according to the Accords, to be on the A team, his identity must be publicly known.
“Of course he did.” May rolled her eyes, wondering if the Philip AI was as prone to meddling as Friday was.
"It’s just that he always had my back during my bad judgment calls back then, mostly involving trusting Obadiah. Before there was Pepper saving my ass, there was Happy. Obviously not following May’s plan was a bad call because we were right and somebody was after the Avenger tech. Really I am glad May brought the shield with her and did not leave it behind with the other things to be transported to the Avenger compound."
"Look Steven and I spent the last few months trying to rebuild our relationship piece by piece. Instead of becoming teammates again, we're something more. And I know Steve comes with a dump truck full of Bucky baggage that we are going to have to unpack and we're working on it. Now I have to work on rebuilding things with all the other Avengers and unfortunately, kissing is totally off the table. Which is a shame because I'm good at that. People don't hate me once we're making out." He joked.
Me: Not really. They just need to know if in the bad old days, SI ever tried to create a biological weapon that would make people hallucinate ghosts and tear each other apart when exposed. I’m now happy I told Obadiah hell no when he proposed going into that shit.
Tony: Hunter is definitely getting a raise. Not that I’ll ever actually be able to pay him enough for all he does. He’s a child whisper.
“Or you could go cuddle with Parker. Your boyfriend misses you.” Flash rolls his eyes at her.
Time sent: 9/01/2016 16:21:11
“Exactly.”
D FitzSimmons: In this timeline, Friday is like Enoch, and Ana runs everything.
Nomad: But you’re mad at me because you discovered that someone who was almost like an aunt to you growing up was caught in the crosshairs during an assassination attempt on your father.
Me: I feel this makes us even for you ordering Clint to tranquilize me.
Nomad: And I'll be reading even if I'm pretty sure it's going to be like 2 AM here.
HSBF: So did you talk to Happy at all on the flight here?
Nomad: How can he expect you guys to get back together when you're both dating other people?
Me: You both fucked up equally. Because of the fact that he’s using the phone that you got him for emergencies to flirt via text message I’m going to assume that he still has a crush on you.
Agent Laura: OK, I’ll just get the avenger rehab center altogether. Do you think if we can get the dimensional travel thing done, we can bring Dr. Suarez here? It might be better to bring someone else and for my side.
“I think we’re getting there. We are a work in progress. I just wish I was there to keep an eye on him. I was worried when the stuff about the ferry started coming out over Twitter."
“It is. The new agreement is significantly less draconian and contains protection for individuals with powers who happens to be underage. Also, no registry that can be used by terrorist groups.”
However, Leo is also aware that there are some things he couldn’t change like Robbie’s uncle, New Orleans, or hurricane Maria and the explosion of Inhumans on the island of Puerto Rico that occurred afterward. And he knew Thanos was still coming soon. But they had a plan.
Anthony: OK, so do you remember when I told you about Ross taking Laura and Agent 13 helping me get her back?
"Apparently, this is true in multiple timelines. I think Laura wants to punch us. Or lock us in a room and let us talk it out.” Tony almost said fuck it out but changed it at the last second.
Also, I want to lock the entire Fitzsimmons-Hunter family in a room together until they work out all of their bull shit. It’s either that or send them to the other side of the country because I just can’t deal with them. I want to punch somebody, but that would be inappropriate. I’m going to sleep.
Me: More than Bruce?
Me: That’s nice. Is she still reading them?
“Not you specifically. I’m trying not to start with, ‘I’m sorry I let you fell off that train’.”
Again, light spoilers from Spider-Man: Homecoming, but I’m doing that thing where I’m re-contextualizing stuff. If you’ve read my Star Trek stories, you know what I’m doing. Now the next chapter will have heavy spoilers for the film.
Melinda: I don’t think this is Clint’s Laura.
Happy Bear: Was it?
“Tony,” Steve couldn’t help but ground. He is also thankful he has his own room right now because he wouldn’t want the other Avengers to tease him about this. Sam definitely would be cracking jokes along with Nat. Bobbi would also be joining in, even though he didn’t know her that well. Robbie, he wasn’t sure.
Anthony: I really do want to bring you back as soon as being connected to me in any way does not result in threats of death or arrest.
Tony Potts: Also, my Jim never ended up at S.H.I.E.L.D., but that would’ve been brilliant.
CoulsonPJ: Only if you're coming back early to avoid Ross. Fitz is taking care of the Avenger tech. That is definitely under ATCU jurisdiction.
Ana Jr.: Of course, unlike what you assumed, Leopold Fitz did not die in the explosion. He was transported back in time.
FRIDAY: No, although my contact has found the file in question and will give it to Sir the next time he is at the SHIELD offices.
Also, why can’t I get a hold of my CCO right now? I’ve called three times and nothing. By this morning, I got desperate and texted Hunter, and still nothing. Aliens are coming, right? Do I have to let the board know that James is actually the head of the UN Avengers and a super-spy secret agent?
Tony: The churros are halfway decent now.
HSBF: I’m glad.
BITC: That is exhausted.
“Well, as you were talking to your daughter, I found the churro lady. Check the bag under your seat.” Tony instructed.
Me: Nice to know that you get satellite in whatever country you’re in. I made the suit match your eye color. Your real eye color, not Stefan’s eye color. I really hate the Nano tech contacts.
Purple arrow: Watching the video doesn’t make it any better. I know it made me feel worse seeing Laura just disappear.
Cuddle Bunny: Have you?
Tony: Hey, Pepper Pot. So you should probably know it’s time to break out that other in case of an emergency press release. Steve decided to let me put a ring on it.
Nomad: Thank you. Let me know if you find out anything else.
“It is your favorite sandwich. It is your favorite sandwich?” She asked taking a seat on the couch in the room. It didn’t feel right sitting on his bed. He may look exactly like her boyfriend, but that didn’t mean she knew this person in front of her.
Melinda: I am aware you’re afraid to talk to Tony, but we need him. I think you’re the only one who can convince him to help us.
Tony: Probably and Spidey is probably available. Since he ditched his date at homecoming and managed to get her dad arrested, I don’t think he’ll be getting laid today. He might take my call. It’s 50-50 with Laura and Purple Arrow.
Blue phone: Isn’t your current assistant named Kevin?
“So you were just a woman who was grieving for her lost love in dealing with a messy divorce?”
“I know and I hope you find her ridiculously wealthy benefactor.” Tony reached up to pulls Steve into a kiss. “So we really don’t have time for another round?”
The new consultant: Actually, don’t answer that question at all. I just hope my cousin is safe wherever she is.
Love: But what happened when they actually took you away?
HSBF: I saw you on Ellen.
HSBF: That is good.
This conversation takes place about eight hours after the last one.
Me: I am only drunk on cuddle bunny. I would explain why but you told me not to give you details. Mary W managed to get you, the counselor, and the red Russian a suite down the street. Although you, spider lady, and the counselor will have to share. But there are separate bed rooms for everyone.
“Maybe. I think I like the next question better. We are supposed to alternate sharing positive characteristics of one another.” This one didn’t seem like an emotional landmine waiting to go off unless Steve can’t come up with any positive qualities about him.
Nomad: Melinda is watching over him?
Me: I bet you wish you slept more last night.
So does anyone want to guess how many more conversations will occur before Steve realizes that Tony has a crush on him?
Also they didn't mess up my mind the way they did you. There's no trigger words in here, just lots of waterboarding. I'm surprised that Obadiah didn’t think of employing brainwashing techniques. That way he could've kept his golden goose good and compliant.
Monkey lover 2: I can’t be mad at you for things you haven’t done yet and I don’t know if I should blame her for things she hasn’t done yet. It doesn’t matter because AIDA was asleep in the guest room. I found her there when I went to the restroom before we left for the game.
Red phone: I’m sure you dealt with it better than I did. Building JARVIS was one of my better coping strategies. The others led to the reason why a ‘Tony Stark gay sex tape’ actually exists. I made so many bad decisions.
Tony: Absolutely awful. The Princess kept trying to convince Friday to refer to her royal sibling as Kitty brother. By convince, I mean, trying to get into my systems, more than once.
Also, remember that nobody under 18 is referred to by their real name in the text messages. If they are, the AIs will remove the name. However, in this universe, Flash and Liz are over 18 by the time this chapter takes place.
This was the final chapter of the last group I had prewritten. The next two chapters are with my beta and the six after that are in various stages of rough drafting. I hope that I will be able to put up the next chapter no later than next Monday, but it could be a little bit longer. But let us just celebrate the fact that those two idiots have finally got it together.
“How did that happen? You’re married to a spy. She should really keep her personal photos better protected.” Tony is not jealous of Steve sexing May. “Also, do you really need to be sexing your wife?" Okay, maybe he was a little jealous.
I did add one little thing to this chapter after watching AOS season seven. See if you can find it.
Me: Welcome to parenthood. It’s like a constant state of panic and none of my kids have superpowers.
"Of course, he does." Steve sighed.
“I may not like you personally but we both care about Steve. I will watch his back for you. Although not quite like you do. Less leering.” Natasha snarked.
Me: But I’ll write you in a couple of days from DC.
Captain tight pants: What do you want?
Me: But you said no because you had to go visit cancer patients at the children's wings of various hospitals.
However, right as Laura pressed the send button, she saw a flash of light and felt as if her whole body shrinking. Moments later, it was over, and she found herself in the lab section of the Avenger compound. Except it didn’t look like the lab space now. One, there were nowhere near as many teenage friendly science experiments. The kids had their own space.
Me: Okay, I wasn’t. But you would look so hot on a recruitment poster. Actually, you always look hot on a recruitment poster. You’re well aware that’s how I figured out I was into men.
The Big Boss: That would be the two outlets that think that you're dating Keanu Reeves.
Me: And now I don’t want details. Bonus for you. Although, shouldn’t an all-expenses paid trip to India be a bonus? I’m sure Stefan will say no because I’m high maintenance. I will ask when he gets out of the shower.
HSBF: No, it wasn’t. Did he apologize for not following Melinda‘s orders?
(See the end of the chapter for
Anthony: You can’t even tell me if you did something as ordinary as run in the rain because that may help someone figure out where you are.
Anthony: She will. I’m being a good boy just for you.
Me: I feel like my legacy is mostly murder bots and the Merchant of Death. I have tried to fix things but I can’t bring Red’s parents back from the dead. Even club Tahiti wouldn’t work at this point.
“I’m fine. What’s going on?” Laura asked, but nobody answers her. Everybody’s attention is focused on May and Simmons.
Steve: Can we talk about this after we make this work? I think we need to focus on that for now.
Me: Your boyfriend almost kissed me before he realized I wasn’t you. I’ll send him back to you in a few minutes unharmed, along with his present.
Tony: OK so in exchange for you and the other Avengers getting no jail time for violating the original version of the Accords, all I have to do is agree to be the head of the ATCU until the new Accords are finalized+ 6 months for the transition or until the end of the administration. Which ever comes first.
HSBF: I was told she said she would stop but 16-year-olds are not known for listening.
“Okay, that fits the apocalypse threshold.”
“That still doesn’t excuse the fact that you lied to me. I think I have the right to know that I was sleeping next to a complete stranger,” Simmons practically yelled.
Me: Are we playing 20 questions again? It has been a while.
P Parker: Afia didn’t even know until this morning. Tony didn’t even know. Other May dragged him out of bed at like 4 AM.
“Only because you are my boyfriend’s friend and Lily Bear’s favorite aunt. That poor kid is already damaged enough especially with the parents arguing about mommy wanting to stay a secret agent. I can’t add to that.”
To be continued
Tony Bear: So how is your lunch going?
Red phone: Of course not. The DOD actually respects your autonomy enough not to propose something like that and they like my gadgets, even if I won’t do weapons. However, Congress is Congress.
I’m certain you are aware that this position will be requiring you to relocate to the upstate facility, but I think that might be why you want to take this position in the first place. You will be given a small apartment on the Avenger campus. We can even arrange for your son to go to one of the private schools in the area or I can arrange for a tutor. Both will be covered by SI. I’m personally leaning towards tutor because at least that way we won’t have to come out with lies to keep your baby out of gym class or recess.
Purple arrow: No dating ever again. How are you doing? I’m not the only one with a missing significant other right now.
Nomad: I wouldn’t be that upset if you gave the codename away to someone else. I don’t want to be Captain America again. It’s too hard living up to everything that means.
Tony: Yes, along with Jimmy Kimmel. I get to tell cute stories about my boyfriend that I had to make up.
Red phone: Actually, I think the Hydra wanna be was working on that.
Xxxxx
Steve: It could be Deke's bar. If it's mostly Zima, it's his. He does work here a lot. That's all he'll drink because Simmons won’t touch it.
(See the end of the chapter for
HSBF: I don’t know what to say about that. I’ve been like that before. I’m still working through my own issues. Maybe he needs some help?
Tony Potts: Fair enough.
Tony Potts: After experiencing the same thing from Wanda, I get it.
Red phone: I don’t even think dad knew your private life. Did you know that he had a ridiculous crush on you? I’m pretty sure it wasn’t 100% hero worship. Although, I don’t want to think about that because it’s just weird.
HSBF: Not always. Did you apologize?
Me: Does Tony know that yet? He Joked about Friday wanting a body but I assume he would be wary after what happened last time.
Nomad: That’s the time of the day I do my best artwork.
Red phone: I haven't told Ross about our conversations. I’m also making sure our little gossip sessions are NSA and ATCU proof.
Blue phone: It’s hard to make a connection with someone who doesn’t share your experiences.
DILF: You don’t think Robin and Kamala are my priority? I don’t want  Robin to keep living in this broken world. Her drawings of us restoring everybody has been the first happy thing she has drawn since May and I received full custody of her.
May: I think they will have other things to worry about.
Anthony: Because there’s 23 days’ worth of material there.
HSBF: Possibly. Text me when you get home.
To: Monkey lover 2
Tony: Good to know, kitten.
“I have no idea.” Tony looks up to see Steve reply verbally as he grabs the bag from Tony and pulls him into a half hug. “Come on in. I’m glad you’re here.”
“I’ll do it. You might tell Ned too much. Even on the secure line, we have to be cautious.”
Me: That’s good. It’s a first step, at least.
We’re bringing back a souvenir, but unfortunately, you’ll have to go visit the princess’s lab to see it. Joey is very good at collecting souvenirs, especially rare metals, and Vision is very good at carrying them.
“You know?” Melinda raised an eyebrow at him.
“What about Flash?” Steve asked. Which is why he’s the best fiancé ever.
Steve: Although I would like to know how the other us worked through their problems. It couldn't just be as simple as actually talking to each other?
To be continued
"No, Steve is your first real boyfriend." Sam amended. "The asshole with the sex tape doesn't count. I can see why you have trust issues."
Counselor Laura: Coulson was the one who informed you that Ana was an unfortunate victim of a stray bullet during one of the attempts on your father.
Warning:  This chapter does contain a plot point spoiler for
Blue phone: Why aren’t you sleeping?
We are doing something a little different; it’s time for an email chapter. There will be a few sprinkled throughout the series.
I would just like to let you know that the reason why Friday did not respond is because she still grounded for the great therapy Journal incident.
“It’s Daisy now.”
"I can take care of myself."
Happy Bear: OK. I’ll see you Monday when you start doing meetings. Davis and Piper will be going with you to the wedding. Friday will take care of getting them appropriate attire.
Venom: I deserve cuddling after finding out my boyfriend was sleeping with someone else and blaming it on me because I don't want to put out. After receiving a readout of last night's all Avenger's meeting, I think I understand why Benji was so amenable to cuddling.
May: I think some issues may have popped up. The battle of Wakanda was traumatic for everyone, even those that didn’t survive it.
Red phone: That’s so sweet cuddle bunny.
To be continued.
Tony: It was only a shoe. I think I’ve mentioned this before but never piss off an Italian Mom or put her baby in danger. That woman has a mean left hook. We agreed to mutually not press charges against each other.
“Yes.”
SimmonsJA: You’re not allowed to do that either.
CoulsonPJ: Twitter is a mess. More than one person with a blue checkmark made a snide comment about how superheroes should not be gay, using nastier language than that. Then someone else responds with a hyperlink to the Tony Stark gay sex tape from 1992.
Fanfiction dot net readers, even though I successfully uploaded the last chapter it was not marked as being updated. So if you have no idea what I’m talking about above, go back and read Interlude 15. It’s important for the plot later on.
“I am not. The board is making him miserable and I think Tony is better working on saving the world. I’m looking forward to working with James Leopold in the future and I think he’s really going to bring the company forward. At least this way, I’ll know Tony will sleep more.”
Tony: Am I sorry that old Stark weapons are in the hands of various terrorist organizations, especially those that like to murder elephants for fun and profit? Yes. Am I and as an extension Stark Industries trying to get those weapons out of their hands? Yes. But I can’t fix everything.
Me: I bought one for Vision and the daughter-in-law. It is the least I can do after killing most of her family.
HSBF: Why am I talking to you? What happened to Tony?
Tony: Your therapist is going to be so proud.
Cuddle Bunny: Sometimes I think you care too much. How can you care about me at all after what I did? If I kept Bucky from falling, then there would have never been a Winter Soldier and maybe your parents would not have died on that December night in 1991. I don’t get how you can still care about me after everything. I don’t deserve it.
Nomad: Be serious
Anthony: I also didn’t realize that the entire dining room being remodeled meant something other than Anna falling off a ladder happened. I saw pictures of the bullet holes in the walls and blood covered carpets. Nothing was salvageable which explains the full makeover. However, my kid brain didn’t put everything together. Why would you completely gut a room if someone just fell off the ladder changing a lightbulb?
Note from the Princess:
Tony Potts: You don’t seem shocked by that.
Me: Not in so many words or at all. He’s sorry that things went badly, but not that they went badly because he didn’t listen to May. He did apologize for hanging up on Ned which is what I’m more upset about.
Me: Who didn’t tell us shit until she needed the boss to show up in my barn. I don’t have a very favorable opinion of Hill right now.
Tony Potts: Good idea.
“Probably. There is a new West Coast Avenger facility?” Steve asked.
"You know all the stories about me getting into fights with bullies three times my size were all true."
Cuddle fiancé: Fitzsimmons grandchild?
“We can be. I hate not being able to tell you what’s going on and I know Fitz did as well. I was just afraid Hunter would be right and the team would lock us up for being crazy. He sort of was.”
Blue phone: I’m not rescuing you if you get kidnapped by a hook up.
Chief Mechanic: It's still hard wrapping my mind around it. I'm sterile. I've accepted that, or at least I thought I did.
The Boy in the Chair: She’s with you right now?
Red phone: I assume I get another guess at your secret career life pre-war.
Tony: That was a Hydra induced heart attack per our friends in the other timeline. Although the fact he made it to the 80s was a small miracle. Daniel was suspicious of Hydra contaminating Shield way back in 55. He told the wrong superior and was almost murdered at a hotel. Aunt Peggy saved his Ass. Daniel was told by a mysterious contact named GR to fake amnesia and not tell Aunt Peggy about Hydra. Or at least that's what they can gather from the Krazy Kanoe files. It was a Shield safe house that has existed longer than Shield itself. I really want to read those.
Me: Have you spoken with him yet?
Me: He punched out a doctor didn’t he?
Steve also didn't trust Ross, most likely because he was already sure that the government was working on a new super soldier project. Spoiler alert: they are. He didn't want to be their guinea pig. So he felt not signing was the better course of action. Steve hasn't been a dancing monkey for anyone since the early 1940s, there was no way in hell he was going back to it now. Honestly, I really didn’t want Ross to lay a single finger on Steve either.
Red phone: Yes, but I'm not ready for anything more than sexting with you.
Anthony: I hope not. Your political pundit ex-boyfriend will be there. His poor unsuspecting wife is the director of the charity. I don’t know how a woman like her ended up with such a bastard.
Steve: I was glad she found somebody even if she lost him to a heart attack nearly 2 decades earlier.
Tony: Point.
Nomad: Loophole?
“We should have breakfast together tomorrow and talk things out,” Steve suggested.
Red phone: Honestly, I prefer being at the DC house right now, despite the close proximity to politicians that hate me.
“Unfortunately, no."
Me: Okay. She said no the first two times I suggested it, and then I framed it as a settlement for the Germany fuck up. Then she said yes.
Me: Most of the questions from Snookums were, except for when he asked me if I was ever a member of Hydra. I responded with a resounding ‘Fuck, no! They murdered my parents and Ana.’
Anthony: We haven’t had that conversation yet. Probably because the doctors told her not to upset me. I’m sure it’s coming soon though.
To be continued…
The new consultant: You’re not going to faint on me again?
Chief Mechanic: Anyway, Simmons did not handle Leo's apparent death very well or apparently at all, according to Daisy's log entries before the snap. She was in denial about it. She kept saying that as soon as they were done, they would go and get the Fitz in space, and everything would be fine. Especially when she found out about the grandkid.
Me: That's probably for the best. Although I'm hoping next year, the thing with the Accords will be hammered out, and I can be there with you.
Me: I think the obvious answer to that is yes. I think the more important question is do you make him a full-fledged team member?
Red phone: I know that. There was only one electronic Jarvis and he's gone. Now, Friday tells me when I have to take important meetings. Kevin too, but mostly Friday.
"I’m confused. Why would they threaten you with a psych evaluation?" Steve asked.
“That's not all it's cracked up to be. We are skipping that question." Tony is not that big of a masochist.
Captain Tight Pants: I don't consider being frozen only to be defrosted 70 years later as enjoying anything, let alone the Arctic.
Tony: Thank you for that.
Also to those I told that this chapter would be the virtual Star Trek date or saw that in the review section, I accidentally got the order of chapters confused. For this story, I sometimes write these chapters as much as 2 to 3 months in advance (at least the initial draft) and sometimes I forget exactly which chapter is which.
HSBF:  I don’t see why. You have a best friend named James too.
I understand why you've been angry. I should have eased you into the fact Agent Agent’s team knows who you are. I know that you're scared, but the guy in charge now is my best friend and his real number two almost died saving the world. (And I think Jeffrey wants to save the world through PR if nothing else because apparently, that’s what Brooklyn boys do.) They're good people and they just want to protect you.
Counselor Laura: I’m sure they are in high demand if Steve is working as a counselor. Maybe I could send Suarez from the other timeline over here if we get things working right.
"Despite all our failings, I do know that you’re pretty loyal to those that you care about. And since there’s no one else around that tops me now. I think we’re good." He frowned at Tony’s flippant response.
“Yes, including Leo making out with Hunter. I was rooting for it, but no one wants to see their older brother making out with people,” And Fitz definitely saw Leo as his older brother, despite the fact they were genetically twins.
Location: Grand Master's pleasure ship, not sure of the name of his ship yet. Too afraid to ask.
The Mechanic: That’s good. What about the Spiders?
May: Dr. Margarita Cruz. She’s the number two of new Shield’s psych department. She’s in charge of the in-house rehab program. Also, she was a protégé of Andrews. I think I can talk her into coming on board. So we are currently on our way to Empire State.
"No. I promise that we will only use icers," Tony joked. "I cannot make such promises for Happy and I'm sure he's found a parking space for the rental by this point."
T Stark: As I’ve discovered with my now boyfriend, things go better when I have a couple of seconds to think about what I’m going to say. It’s less likely to deteriorate into violence.
Morgan’s dad: It’s no problem at all. Morgan needs socialization. Although you don’t need to send a thank you text message. Your scary half has been doing that for the last week since you dropped your kid off here so you can go on your save the world mission.
Tony Potts: Invite him to the all-hands meeting we're doing tomorrow. Steve said he will make brownies, the turtle type.
Tony: I left the game, but I was never the only game in town, only the best. There are dozens of other weapons manufacturers out there. Some of these players are more legal than others but they are still here on both sides. They’re making a small fortune on everybody who is stocking up for the next robot apocalypse or alien invasion.
Once again, we are going through the 36 questions that lead to love from the New York Times. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/09/style/no-37-big-wedding-or-small.html
Me: You’re considering it?
"And I am taking my pills and not mixing them with alcohol. I haven't had a drop in months."
Tony Potts: Robin told her not to.
“The difference is that I did kill his parents. I doubt we’re ever going to sit down and have tea together.”
“That’s not reassuring, considering you were created by Shield,” Hunter argued.
Love: Why the Fuck did you not call me when Ross had you arrested? Getting arrested counts as an emergency. Especially when, in this case, you were arrested in a way that was anything, but legal.
Melinda: Maybe.
T Stark: I think it‘s best that I waited two hours so we could have a semi-civil conversation. Also, by the time you left voicemail number two where you threatened to cut off my genitals, I was in a limo with my ex-girlfriend and her boyfriend.
Me: Generals willing. Has Talbot shown up at your doorstep yet?
Counselor Laura: OK, now I’m actually going to look up what other Tony said.
HSBF: I’m glad the director asked you to stop because I don’t want him reading that stuff either. It was different when it was people that we didn’t know or Ross himself. This makes me a little uncomfortable and really glad Sharon wasn’t the one reading the messages.
To be continued.
HSBF: He is allergic to sunflower seeds
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last in person conversation. You are all fabulous.
Nomad: And that’s why you’re mad at her?
“How are you feeling?” Leo asked and May was fighting the urge to roll her eyes. As she told Steve, she was really sick of that question.
After some recent comments I decided to explicitly state I am #team they’re both wrong and need to talk to each other like grown-ups. That’s kind of the point of this story.
Steve: I didn’t think Laura was a Shield agent?
MayMQ: We had room service. It was awkward, but we were making some progress, mostly discussing how to handle the Queens situation. Of course in the middle of it, he started talking to Stark. Then he asked me a lot of questions about my time as his neighbor and I convinced him that I wasn’t really pretending. That’s about when Stark showed up.
Pepper pot: I'm not mad at you.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 20:29:43
Once again, this conversation contains information we discovered in WandaVision, but it’s been altered for the new timeline. (This is also the first chapter I did any proofreading/re-writing to after Loki episodes began airing.)
I think the tutor is the best option. I hate to take him out of regular school but last Monday scared me. A high percentage of people of Puerto Rican ancestry are developing powers. Ms. Rodriguez explained the reason why, so I understand. Maybe a part of me wonders that if I were to wake up with powers someday, would my husband stop loving me? Regardless, people of Puerto Rican ancestry are already getting increased harassment including my baby and they don’t even know the truth. I have to keep him away from that. I know I can’t keep him in bubble wrap forever, but I want to at least protect him for a little bit, especially with the rhetoric as bad as it is right now.
Me: Any way, once the decision was made, but before it was made official, I was picked up for the sake of being a bargaining chip.
“I feel like there’s a story there.” Because he was sure that Romanoff was not telling him everything.
Cousin Q: Shit! Tony will not be happy. Yes, that's why we need the address. Can you please start a counter rumor about that just being an Asgardian thing?
Boss Tony: That is concerning. Ana says that Clint is currently sitting on the couch of the new Malibu house with Nikki. Apparently, they are now blueberries on the ceiling because lunch went badly.
Nomad: Friday showed you my private messages to Tony?
Me: I’m also okay with kissing it out. I would also suggest fucking it out, but that would probably end in bloodshed. I’m old enough to know sex doesn’t solve anything. Actually, it creates new problems and I usually end up in tears or me on a course of antibiotics. Don’t worry, I’ve been clean for years.
“You can’t change the past. You can only move forward and rebuild.” Shuri tells him as she grabs his hand in support.
Purple Princess: You guys really need to work through your bullshit. Flash isn’t going anywhere.
“I really don’t want to.” Tony said pulling Steve back to him again to kiss one more time
Monkey lover 2: What about the other thing? Will she help us?
Red phone: Actually, I have a lot of DC meetings next week. Several at the State Department, if I can’t get out of them.
“I blame that on my Howard issues," Tony remarked.
Tony: I was trying to explain that. I got distracted. You’re very distracting.
HSBF: Probably. That also still counts.
Me: Although, you should know that the President originally wanted me for that position.
Red phone: Does it make you feel old that your friends’ grandkids are dying?
"I wish there was some quick fix like with the Clint situation so I could take you with me. Lila sent me pictures of her daddy. She’s happy. She doesn’t need me anymore." Tony said sadly.
Red spider: The rest of us wanted to get back to the states. Robbie wants to see his brother, he’s at Culver now because of Stark, and Sam’s grandma is forcing him to come to Sunday dinner this weekend. She said he’s missed too many.
Agent 13: But then you went into the ice.
Tony: Okay, I am going to have to deal with Howard shit but really, what else is new. I’m always going to be paying for the sins of Howard. I really wish he would have said “Hell no,” when they wanted Shield to participate in Project Paperclip. I’m sure we haven’t even begin to deal with all the ghosts from that bad decision yet.
“Although with our jobs, it might be more practical to wear the ring around your neck on a chain.”
Anthony: Also, they usually don’t let you pack a bag nor do they bring presents. They definitely don't talk to your assistant about clearing your schedule in advance.
Maybe in a world where my boyfriend didn’t call me your name in bed, we would’ve been able to fix things. Happy is still trying, but I love myself too much to stay with somebody who is in love with someone else.
The Big Boss: Yo-Yo mentioned something about you coming back Thursday because you're going to be leaving early to avoid certain people.
Tony Potts: I would do that.
Anthony: And I actually had breakfast this morning instead of 6 cups of coffee. Yo-Yo takes being my fake assistant very seriously. Okay, maybe not something so mundane
Me: After Friday saved my ass from the wrath of Pepper by altering one of your text messages last week, I came up with a better idea than just deleting the messages. Friday is now changing some of the wording so it looks like I’m just chatting with my new boyfriend, who I refer to as Captain Tight Pants because he fills out yoga pants like a God.
"Happy found a parking space." Tony mumbled under breath as he heard Happy say a lot of not so nice things about Steve.
"Because of the Clint announcement, she was in DC when Ned finally got a hold of her and told her that Peter was going rogue. From what I gathered from Agent Agent, they arrived after the fight was done, but before the cop showed up." Tony told his boyfriend as he snuggled in a little closer.
Nomad: Did Red or Laura show you video files of yesterday’s mission?
StarkAE: What the hell?
"He won’t touch Tony. He can’t. The president won’t let him." Steve wasn’t sure if he found Melinda’s words reassuring or not.
Tosha is Natasha Romanoff, the head of the Avengers, or what’s left of the Avengers anyway. Clint is using the name Francis because if you’re going on a revenge killing spree, you’re not going to use your actual name on your phone. Well, your real first name. Apparently, using your actual middle name is okay.
HSBF: Really?
Red phone: No one does. And you know I would never do that to you.
Anthony: Friday stands for… You know what I’m not even going to bullshit you. Friday doesn’t actually stand for anything. I can’t even remember what I told the R&D team the acronym stood for.
Monkey lover 2: I know. I’m starting to think that I didn’t need to do this to prevent that. The only good thing that has come out of this is punching Radcliffe.
Red phone: It’s okay to be uncertain. You don’t have to put labels on relationships. They are what they are.
Steve: Didn’t she come with a bag? Maybe you should check that for clues?
HSBF: Also why does no one realize that your real name is Anthony Carbonell? Didn’t you go to classes at MIT under that name?
“Which if that wasn’t the case you wouldn’t be you. But it’s not just about the security risk. Sergeant Barnes is undergoing the treatment for 70 years of trauma and the doctors aren’t sure he’s ready to see you yet. At best, it would be an emotional setback. At worst, it could re-trigger something.”
Red phone: Probably, but a lot of Shield agents and other first responders died that day. She is still sad, which makes sense, considering what happened at Shield. There were Hydra agents everywhere from Pierce to the cafeteria lady.
Nomad: Thank you Friday.
Me: The asset Robbie? Was he who you were looking for in LA?
Nomad: Did you kill the arms dealer?
“Which is sad because I really wanted to take you to the beach today.”
Me: I would say I was busy doing my hair, but you wouldn’t believe me. At least that’s what I told Ross.
Tony There isn’t one. Not an easy quick solution. Most good things in life don’t have easy solutions.
“So you have been lying to me since July?”
HSBF: I do, though. Your sleep is really important to me.
Anthony: Friday doesn't give me the breakdown on those numbers either.
Then there is also the fact that I really like Robert. Maybe I’m even starting to fall in love with him. I think it could get there. Surprisingly he’s supports me even when I’m crying over my ex-boyfriend. That’s a lot to ask from a guy and he’s not even jealous because he trusts me implicitly.
Morgan’s dad: That reminds me to let you know that Pepper had Hunter bring the kids to the city to stay with her at the penthouse. We thought it was best since we don't know precisely how long it will take me to decipher Simmons’s notes to figure out what the fuck she did. Are you okay with that? I should've asked you that last night, but I got in the zone.
"I'll call room service. So you're going back?"
Love: I’m still mad at you.
Red spider: I fought aliens yesterday. I fought a consortium of multiple alien races that refer to themselves as the Confederacy.
Blue phone: There's art therapy?
Chief mechanic: Yes. Are you coming back, or are you taking an extended vacation?
Blue phone: I'm sorry
Me: Okay, the obvious answer is each other. Or maybe Benji for you. At least that’s what Friday is putting down.
“Actually, no," Friday responded. "Mr. May-Rogers paraphrased it, but that's the sentiment of the question.”
Red phone: In hindsight, it gives me another reason to hate Obadiah. Actually, Jarvis’s death was the reason why I allowed that man to stay in position after I turned 25. I was too much of a mess to take over at that point. So many drugs.
Also, if I didn’t love James platonically, things in Siberia would’ve went differently. Then again, maybe not that differently because I love you and I wasn’t going to let you have that blood on your hands. So I think love plays a big role in my decision making.
“Not this time sweetie. I’m really regretting staying up until 3 AM.” He told his half sleeping boyfriend as he bent down to kiss him gently.
XXXXX
To be continued…
“Natasha told you?” Tony asked with a sigh.
Venom: OK, point.
CoulsonPJ: No. He hates Uncle Ross.
“It hurts. Even if we actually undo it our pain isn't going to leave us.” Steve responded.
Purple Princess: How do you even know that?
Blue phone: I’m not sure anybody has really liked me non-platonically for me since the serum except Peggy. I think even Melinda slept with me because I reminded Melinda of her dead friend. Better than just for the muscles, but not the self-esteem boost that I want.
“I am resigned. It’s not a shock because we always knew the arrangement would end if one of us fell in love with someone else. But she’s convinced I’ll never make a move on that person if I’m still married to her.”
Red Malibu: It’s okay. You will see her soon, I hope. Slingshot is making travel arrangements, so be ready to roll any moment.
Venom: Yes, and I am already deeply regretting that decision. BITC accused me of sabotaging your relationship with MJ. I got a little defensive.
HSBF: I know you like making your board as uncomfortable as possible.
Steve is Captain Tight Pants
Nomad: Is his name on the list?
Venom: I'm okay with that. What did you bring? The cafeteria mostly had cereal and other dry goods this morning. They weren't expecting an Avenger invasion. Not that I had much of an appetite anyway. We also wanted to avoid everything that is the Fitzsimmons family awkwardness.
Tony Potts: We will work with what we have. How did things go with your not a husband?
Anthony love: I’ll explain that when you get here. Short answer alternate timeline refugee.
“What did you tell me?” Steve asked.
HSBF: Tony, what’s going on? I saw on Twitter pictures of you passed out on your plate? Friday, you tell me what’s going on?
Me: I’m not most people. Why didn’t you tell me?
Cousin Q: Thompson’s crush is also your crush. Someday we’re going to have to talk about that triangle and the fact that you two keep trying to set the other one up with said crush.
Me: Okay, I am most grateful that we’re talking to each other again after what happened. After Siberia I thought we hurt each other too much to ever be OK again but we’re working on it. I think we’re going to end up stronger than we were. Honestly, I’m just happy we made it to the point where we are.
HSBF: Good. I didn’t get shot at nor did any government official show up at the safe house. Also, I’m cooking tonight so I don’t have to worry about any weird cooking experiments.
XXXXX
The song mentioned in this chapter is Closing Time by Semisonic. This is where our conversation title comes from.
Cuddle Bunny: That’s problematic. Do either actually have any military or law enforcement experience whatsoever?
Anthony: Friday’s not an AI girlfriend.
“On the plus side, at least the announcement of me having a boyfriend did not go completely horribly."
Me: Do you think that she would be willing to help with my James? You know I still feel awful about getting him paralyzed. The SI medical research division, mostly the members that are actually from Wakanda have been coming up with some good stuff along with Dr. Monkey Lover but I have this feeling that she might do better.
In the 2016 election Matthew Ellis is running against a qualified female candidate that is similar to Hillary Clinton, but not necessarily her because I want to play around and it’s easier to do that if you go fictional. However, this candidate is using the “I’m with her” slogan anyway as per Runaways. I hope all of this makes sense at least a little bit.
HSBF: Maybe
“Well I’m not your father, and neither are you.”
To be continued.
“Julie might do that anyway. I’m surprised she agreed to do our wedding, after what happened at the Fitzsimmons wedding last year.” Steve remarked.
FRIDAY: I am sorry I’m unable to reassure.
“Yes, we’ve spent more than a week together without catastrophe,” Tony told his boyfriend leaning over to steal a kiss.
P Parker: I’m working on a research project with the Princess, so I need to go.
“I hate you less and will not try to convince Steve to date anybody else.” Natasha tells him with a smile.
Me: I don’t think she wants to kill me anymore. Also, no charges, and I think she might be willing to listen.
Me: Yes.
Me: Sure. I have to go work with teenagers.
TMNS: Flash passed out because he now knows my secret identity and that Afia is an LMD. He found out about that because she kind of passed out. Although Karen referred to it as data overload.
Tony: That was prophetic. It’s definitely been stony.
“You just want me out of my pants.” Yes.
Me: What am I right about?
Tony: I was in college at 15 and a consultant at SI.
Me: Just hugging?
“Why are things different this time?” Simmons asked.
Me: So cover story?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Hey Ned this is Afia, Peter is currently throwing up in the bathroom and wishes he could turn invisible like his junior counterpart.
Me: Jarvis left me in jail a few times after some of my bigger fuck ups. I felt it appropriate. He missed the decathlon, but he showed up in time to save his classmates, including Liz, the girl of his dreams.
“Thank you, boss.”
Mission Control is Tony’s nickname for Ned a.k.a. Peter’s best friend. No I am not letting him read these messages, yet. I am concerned they will eventually become pornographic again.
“It is possible that the mechanism that caused me to be sent to this point in time or this dimension may have destroyed her and therefore there’s nobody left to bring me back.”
My friends are where I get my love from. I discovered early on that blood doesn’t mean that much. The people who loved me were my real family. Maria tried, but I feel like Jarvis and Anna were my real parents. There was also Aunt Peggy. I don’t think I would’ve survived my adolescence without her.
“Glad I could help. And, of course, you are going to cry at a moment like that. Anyone would start crying at the end of their marriage. Even if it was a friendship marriage. Maybe even more because it’s a friendship marriage.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve: I hope you’re successful.
Agent Laura: This does not surprise me. She still former Shield because she was when the timeline divided?
Anthony: Do you happen to be in a country where you can use Netflix? Or should I just have Friday upload something to your computer?
Boss: Probably. But I’m available.
Director Snookums: In that case, check in visits work just as well. Once she is completely trained, Laura will be Ms. Khan’s caseworker. I'm also assigning her to Peter.
Blue phone: She’s not my girlfriend. It was one kiss that probably only happened because of adrenaline.
Red phone: Me too. Some days I'm surprised you haven't found a super villain to make you a time machine yet.
Nomad: No, you just happened to call out my name when climaxing. I haven’t been in that many relationships, but I don’t think that’s okay.
This chapter takes place a day after the last one.
Anthony love: Well, not without the help of the daughter-in-law and a lot of vibranium.
xxxxxxx
“He would hate us if we did." Although May would love for him to be back, she would respect his wishes.
Cuddle Bunny: I know that or rather I didn’t know that because you’ve only started opening up to me like this in the last couple of weeks. But I know a lot of stuff people say about you isn’t true. If you say that it’s Coulson, I believe you, even though I’m having trouble accepting someone coming back from the dead.
Me: Besides we did have a few rooftop burgers during the hunt for Coulson’s murder weapon. Which apparently, he found himself at Ice Station Zebra, but whatever.
Me: And if you take out that second human it spells shield. I don’t think anybody’s caught that yet. I bet Jeffrey change the E to Enhanced Human from just enhanced, solely to throw the media off.
The Mechanic: I resent that, but considering the Princess is probably reading my text messages, I also respect that.
Avenger Ana: You are currently on the planet, Sakaar.
“Yes. What she was exposed to is essentially scaring her to death. I know how to reset her brain without stopping her heart.” That’s when the door to the room opened and Leo rushed out. He could vaguely hear Simmons and Coulson arguing in the background. It didn’t matter. May was his first priority. A part of him wishes Radcliffe was still around, since he was the one who saved May the first time.
Tony: Oh, God, Baker is coming over here. Wish me luck that I stick to the sparkling cider.
Tony: The press release that Jane came up with says that he is.
To be continued
Nomad: But I’m still sorry.
Happy Bear: Natalie pointed out that Siberia wasn’t like my childhood, that Stefan was trying to keep you from doing something much worse. I just wish he didn’t have to resort to violence.
Me: Okay that was mostly just me and L.
Anthony: When they don't out right assume that you're America’s virgin.
Me: That’s not as much of an issue anymore. The new suit is mostly bulletproof.
“Not if we choose to eat breakfast in bed,” Tony said as he went to kiss Steve again.
Me: Oh shit! Those jokes a couple weeks ago about you not wanting to do cyber sex because a 16-year-old super genius could be reading the messages wasn’t really a joke?
Tony: A little bit, but only if Benjamin wanted to find out more about himself.
Counselor Laura: Trust me, I know. What happened is going to leave many scars that are going to have to be worked through. So much therapy is going to be required for everyone.
"Yes."
Tony needs someone who understands his life now. I understand that life now because I am part of that life now. Someone who understands who he is underneath the bravado and jokes. It took me a while to see that person, but I see him now.
Text message key: Pepper Pot is Pepper Potts Stark. Tony is Tony because it’s his phone. Have I mentioned yet in one of these notes that I’m never doing “me” again as a text message ID? I've been helping with translating the first story into Chinese, and I’ve learned from my many mistakes.
Me: Karen, not Friday, mentioned something about that when I was leaving Tony yesterday but not that that was the reason why Phil was unavailable. Apparently, Friday was helping you guys?
"How illegal?" Steve asked.
Me: Yes, because until Agent Scary agrees to take up the shield, there is no Captain America. I am working on her taking the shield. I think her new codenames should be Agent America. What do you think?
Nomad: How did he get his powers?
Football Hunter: Congratulations, Mr. CCO.
“It would be in bad taste to do anything like that here.” Steve will not think about Tony using those toys on himself in this bed.
