Letters.
This fic is based on the musical called Bandstand. While I recommend listening to it because it's AMAZING, I would not recommend listening to it unless you want this entire fic spoiled for you. I will post corresponding songs once certain plot points are covered.
There were only three other people in there and not one of them looked up at the entrance of the man in leather trousers who clearly didn’t belong here. The bartender kept his eyes glued to the glass he was cleaning while the only other two patrons sat with their heads lolling lazily, their eyes both glossy as they looked upon nothing before them.
His fingers drummed along his “desk” (really just a foldable, plastic picnic table with various office supplies), realising with horror that the show hadn’t even started. Who was it that was playing tonight? Midnight… something? It was some boy band John had no interest in. It didn’t matter who was playing, really. He couldn’t hear the music from here and he wasn’t allowed to see any of the performers. Still, it was cool when Elton John had been the performer.
Alright, folks! We're back. Sorry for the three-week gap, I made the mistake of starting
Sherlock’s laugh cut right through John’s horror. It was a sudden a knife of noise, his guttural, genuine laugh. His smile was stretched tightly across his face and it was the most beautiful John had ever seen anybody look. It knocked his breath clear out of his body, his mind and heart softening under the warmth of it.
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com
(Reminder: Sherlock's flat is not 221B. That's in London, folks. ;) )
“What? Why-” but Greg discreetly winked at John and he understood, falling silent and going still.
been a beacon of hope.
He had not the strength to stop the excruciating sob.
for all the gold star family members out there. We are happy to introduce: The John Watson Band featuring Sherlock Holmes.”
The words were an echo in his head, each repeated syllable a new wave of unimaginable pain.
Sherlock rose soundlessly and fell into step behind the last of the men until they were once again soldiers marching into battle.
John was alone this time, faced with recruiting this trombone player alone. Philip had returned to focusing on his law studies while Greg asserted that the bar needed his return. Tobias made no offer to accompany John on his recruitment but rather announced that he’d notify the trombone player and then send John a telegraph with information on where to meet him.
Sherlock could not possibly fight back the all-consuming smile that stretched his cheeks to near-pain. He loved him so much. John Watson: his best friend, his blogger, his conductor of light, his moral compass, the love of his life, and his husband.
.” The word was an unabashed beg and John fought back a smile when he remembered a time when Sherlock has asserted he’d never begged for anything in his life.
These letters held the cause of John’s anger toward Sherlock. These letters were the missing link that Sherlock didn’t have before announcing his return. These letters- raw and genuine- explained why John was furious at Sherlock’s cavalier attitude. They also explained why John was unlikely to ever forgive Sherlock.
“Yikes,” Greg said, laughing. His body shook with it, his head shaking as he said, “Sherlock? Thanks mum and dad, right?”
He stood in line, mind racing over his next steps would be in the case. He needed to scout out family members, needed to consider who might know anything of importance, needed to uncover the beginning layers of this town. The past two days’ worth of sleuthing had not uncovered much and his eyes scanned those in close proximity to him now for any potential leads. He saw three smokers, two recent divorcees, and one man that was lying to himself about his sexuality. There was nothing to imply either of them had spent last Tuesday strangling a woman to death.
“Alright then,” said Mycroft with a sigh. “Explain the snowmen.”
“I’m- sorry,” John stuttered out, completely unable to convey how much he meant the two words.
“John, what have I told you? Presents between people as close as you and I are unnecessary shows of-”
Bisexual panic rose in him, his mouth dry and uncertain whether or not to continue yelling at him for ruining the game. He debated switching his approach to flirting.
“Then I was angry. I was so angry, Sherlock. I was angry at myself, of course, and I was angry at you. I had no reason to be, of course. But my anger was inescapable. I chose her and I was indescribably furious that she wasn’t you. I hated myself.”
John hadn’t even come back to clean the place up. This deduction caused a wrench in his already hurting heart. Oh how quickly John had abandoned their life together.
“Oh,” said John lamely, surprised this question hadn’t occurred to him before. “Well, no. I mean- yeah, actually. That’s a good question. How
His shoulder ached, his heart was heavy, and a bead of sweat travelled down his temple to moisten the edges of his hairline.
When his feet finally, reluctantly, slowly carried him back upstairs, he couldn’t bring himself to settle back into his woven chair in their shared sitting room. He hauled himself upward further until he reached his room and, closing the door behind him, he sat down on his bed.
In the moment of insight, John felt a surge of a long-dormant bravery, his will requiring less convincing than usual to persist through barriers that attempted to prevent him from continuing forward.
“About her husband.”
Without further thought, he nodded at Wiggins, who played his one-measure drum intro with passion and energy. The short intro was joined by a burst of horns to accent the chords stuck on the piano and his voice rang clearly through the immense building:
He was right, of course, but the streaks of paint across the bed left a bitter taste in his mouth. “Yeah, yeah,” he muttered.
John "adrenaline junkie" Watson: has a boner
“John?”
They collapsed into one another, their longing for one another making itself known in the way John’s hands reached to cup Sherlock’s face, one hand slipping along his neck to entwine itself in his hair and the other remaining steadfast along his cheek with a ferocity that felt, more than anything else, like home. Sherlock’s legs moved him closer to John until one was between John’s and the other was to the left of his. It was only their embrace that allowed them to remain standing at all, but it seemed the least of their worries.
A sigh and a playful smirk. “Again, I must remind you that women are not my area.”
“I shouldn’t have-”
“Private detective,” Sherlock said with a shrug of his shoulders. Nonchalant. Casual.
“Yes,” he said finally, slowly, uncertainly. He removed his finger from his book and set it down beside his leg. “I reckon I have noticed a certain… affliction of yours. Or suspected, at least.”
Of course, he learned in time that that was just how Greg acted. That knowledge didn’t prevent Philip’s stammering every time he flashed a perfect smile his direction, but it did prevent him from developing an unmanageable crush.
But it was never home and Sherlock is suddenly distraught with sorrow. He’d never fit in here. Never belonged anywhere.
He set his trumpet down and set to release it from its case, eye fixed with intention on the latches.
His winding train of thought was interrupted by the gentlest of upheavals when a soft rapping sounded at the door. He jumped at the sound, then furrowed his eyebrows tightly. Who on Earth
“A game?”
John’s voice rose above the din, declaring, “We’re going to practice three standards, the rest will be originals, alright?”
“John, I am a man with a heart that offends with its lonely and greedy demands,” Sherlock half-sobbed to a John two weeks from marriage. “Without you, I am merely a shadow of life. I might as well be dead.”
“Sholto, please,” he corrected in return, his arm extending out to shake John’s with the precision of a Royal Marine.
“So the kissing,” said Sherlock slowly- so slowly, “was… alright?”
“And your romantic heart wishes a relationship such as ours would have been inescapable.”
“Major Sholto, I swear it.”
“Three, Greg would have us both beat in this game.”
He was home.
If he’d expected a shrug or other familiar motion, he’d been mistaken. Remaining still, Sholto simply turned his head to Sherlock and said, “I had nothing else to do and I prefer to arrive to my engagements early.”
“Thank you,” John called when Sherlock pulled himself into the other seat across from him at their table and slid a drink over to John.
“Hey,” Philip protested, shooting daggers at Sherlock. “Don’t do me any favours.”
,” he sang timidly, though feeling more supported and confident than when he began.
Sherlock looked pleasantly surprised to find John’s understanding. The way his eyes softened, warming as they took John in was doing things to him- dangerous things.
Bad news, everyone. I fractured my pinky today. It's nearly impossible to type. Today's wasn't impacted because I already had it written BUT some of the next few chapters may either be late OR quite short. Please bear with me as I try to figure out how to proceed with this collection.
Victor chewed on his tongue for a long moment, words caught in his teeth and desperate for freedom. Sherlock’s stomach was in knots, forbidding any new breath of air until he heard whatever confession awaited on the lips of his friend.
“No, he hasn’t served,” conceded John slowly. “But he lost his wife in the war. He’s a widower. He’s as much a part of the wartime experience as any of us.”
97 days after the two met, Sherlock demands the truth from John.
“That woman,” he said, practically bouncing in his seat, “was a client. Just a few hours after yourself, actually.”
“Well hell, Sherlock, I don’t know. You’ve grown on me. Used to just take challenging cases to you because I needed your expertise but over time… I started rather enjoying your antics.” He shrugged and took another swig of his drink. “I knew you’d never consider me a mate, but didn’t stop me from appreciating your company.”
The simultaneous glance that John and Greg gave one another accompanied by John’s stuttering excuse to walk away left a pit of guilt in Sherlock’s stomach. The two joined the others and Sherlock was alone, guilty, and uncomfortable. He’d never been one for groups of people.
“So you really just… turn it all off, yeah?” said Lestrade with a sigh after they fatigued themselves with dancing and resigned themselves back to their booth. The thing was now a disaster of spilled liquids, sticky crumbs, and garbage.
They looked at one another for a long moment, John unable to resist fidgeting with his lips with his teeth. Sherlock appeared to be internally struggling, his eyes moving rapidly between John’s two.
“Killer diller, Johnny boy.”
“Right,” he said, words trembling from the effort to contain his excitement. “So you know that I can’t-”
The sensation of hearing the band end, lining up for their entrance, and beginning their walk onto the stage was surreal. John had performed many, many times before this. But never had there been so much riding on his performance.
“Yeah!”
But it was what he called next that truly captured his attention: “VICTOR!"
And between those seven wildly different men, after a day where they’d experienced the full range of human emotion, they felt not the anxiety of waiting, not the high of performing, not the joy of winning, and not the sorrow of dreams crushed, but something more powerful than anything: they felt hope.
It was floating on water, the nose exclusively remaining above the water while his body went numb under currents. It was rolling over a raging fire to put it out, so close to losing a fight with a flame while attempting to prevent it. It was standing in molasses, sinking in the mass until it cemented his lungs with what it called sweetness.
“John made it through Solomon Islands,” Philip said when their hands finally fell apart. His eyes snapped suspiciously to the prolonged contact but said nothing beyond the narrowing of his lids.
Five impossibly long hours later, John was off of work and ready to relax. It was his understanding that most people clocked out and sighed with anticipation of getting home. For John, however, the thought of going back to his flat where sounds were too loud, his thoughts too consuming, and his dreams unbearable left a tight knot of dread in his stomach. His feet carried him back to the shop, his mind reeling against the ridiculous choice.
“Listen,” he said softly, gently. “You don’t have to- perform. Just… come to a practice. I can say you’re there to give feedback- which you can. Okay? And we can make a deal.” This got Sherlock’s attention, his eyebrows shooting upward and his body leaning in. “If you like it- if you find yourself glad you came, then you sing along with me on one of the practice songs.”
nude portrait day as the robe hit the floor.
, he thought with panicked wonder.
There was a general murmuring of disinterest as they fell away without a second glance. John followed Sherlock out to the lobby where the air was filled with triumphant jazz. The bassist was slightly offbeat and the trumpet was blowing too hard, but otherwise, it was acceptable for setting the atmosphere that Al desired in his club.
His blood was singing. His heart was light. Even Victor’s voice, ever present in his war-fogged mind was diminished to an unheard level. His mind was focused on only one thing: the instinctual knowledge of the instrument before him. It was a part of him. It was an extension of him.
When the answers were not presented there, he steeled his courage, gripped his hands into fists that instantly hurt his own palms, and took a deep breath.
Sherlock raised a long finger to the rebellious lock of hair that escaped from the others. Using the greatest amount of care he possessed, he placed the hair back with the others, watching with benign pleasure as it proceeded to immediately fall back over his forehead.
“I meant what I said,” he answered with a shrug. “He could be anywhere, we're going to have to wander in order to find him.”
Tobias talked a big talk but at the end of the day, Greg knew him better than all that.
We're all in agreement that Sherlock is only the way he is (distant, cold, mean, etc) because he grew up isolated with only Mycroft as a role model, yeah? Therefore we can agree that, if Sherlock was shown love, acceptance, and friendship from a young age, he wouldn't be so bitter, yeah?
Something infinitesimally small changed in those luminous eyes, but John knew that small change was the crack in their relationship that would never seal. He knew that change was the only thing that would ever matter again. He knew that change was Sherlock seeing him for who he truly was and deciding that he hated him.
(It was a gay bar.)
“No, John,” said Sherlock quickly. “I’m not looking to perform anyway. I'm a
,” he said, pointing toward Greg with a teasing finger, “are nothing but a never-ending parade of jokes.”
“Please,” whispered Victor in response to his declinations. “I understand the danger. But… my grandfather is Jewish. My mom is, too. My country is at war. I can't… stay here and do nothing. I'm not built for it- being useless. I'll go mad.”
John’s mouth crept into a smile so slowly, the pace of it sent bolts of fear through Sherlock’s veins. He dropped the newspaper and his eyes moved lazily to connect with Sherlock’s. The contact bound them together and in that moment, only the two of them existed in the whole world.
, Sherlock. It benefits nobody.”
Are you really going to ignore me again? SH
right, John would say “No, I’m not!” and if Sherlock was
“I’m done,” he whispered after one final brush of blue on the top-most branch.
He strained his eyes, praying to the high heavens that she wouldn’t catch him leering too aggressively. “She’s not married.”
He had it all wrong, it seemed. John’s habits and activities could be read as clearly as a poem, though his heart was a mystery to him. John was a fossil whos lines could provide information scientifically yet provide no information on the sort of love it held.
“You’ll do,” he declared after some time, finally swinging the door open fully to reveal the reason for his visit. Across the length of his right tricep was a slash of scarlet, the wound clearly cleaned up haphazardly before he’d run down here.
Sherlock took a deep breath, his ageing body shuddering with it. “My name is Sherlock Holmes. You are John Watson. We are in love and we've been married for over forty years."
Tomorrow's prompt: Home
“The band is not a burden. It’s… therapy. It doesn’t demand patience. It demands focus. It offers an escape from the thoughts that can feel all-consuming. The effort of writing arrangements is also a relief, a method of releasing inner-tension.”
If Sherlock wasn’t so accustomed to feeling a deeply-ingrained resentment for himself, perhaps he’d have the decency to feel a bit more shame about his feelings. But he was already a “freak” and could see no way in which his love for Victor made him any more of one. He knew what people would say, knew the law, knew he should
The sudden sound was such a surprise, the pawn fell from John’s grip and landed with a clatter on the board, knocking over several other fragile pieces with it.
“See?” said Lestrade with a note of triumph. “And you said you were stupid with love.”
“But in many ways, I am a fool.”
“Excellent.”
Sherlock considered this with sorrow, a single tear rising to his iridescent eye. “I will forget in less than a week.”
Despite it all, John couldn’t bask in the glory of performance. Instead, he looked upon his band members, seeing in them a level of freedom and relief that was mirrored in his own heart. Greg, beaming with every tooth visible and cheeks flushed with something other than alcohol. Sholto, upright as ever and providing small bows in a few directions while his eyes glinted with joy. Wiggins, who waved his drumsticks around at the crowd and smiled blankly. Tobias, who was trying desperately to seem annoyed with the audience or his fellow band members but, instead, was reluctantly pleased. And Philip, sheepishly grinning at nobody in particular and clearly receiving a larger round of applause than he was accustomed to, was more alive than John had ever seen him.
This chapter is dedicated to and inspired by SosoHolmesWatson who commented how much they loved Sherlock in fuzzy socks in a previous chapter. A small headcanon they created is the basis for this ficlet. Thank you for the inspiration! :)
Oh, Greg. Oh, my beautiful, lovely, deeply troubled, loving Greg. This chapter was initially much longer (4k words) BUT I am just one person. So elements had to be chopped. I just want an entire spin-off to analyze Greg's self-preservation through disassociation.
At 21, Sherlock Holmes vowed he would never succumb to the cruel temptation of emotion ever again. Never again would he foolishly hope that somebody might like him- even tolerate him. It was too painful.
on drums! You guys will love him, he’s-”
Sherlock returned to their isolated corner-booth holding a drink that was infinitely superior to the three scotches that preceded it and sat down with his elbows on the table. Lestrade was smirking at him, his eyes attempting- and failing- to avoid contact with the drink in front of him.
describe how charming Sherlock was as he picked each pair up and attempted to deduce who bought them for him before getting most of them wrong.
A long moment passed in silence as his mind visibly churned in thought. “I know a guy…” he trailed off, remaining silent for so long, John grew uncomfortable, unsure whether he would continue or not.
“Ages ago?” John barked, unable to stop a howling laugh. “We’ve known each other all of three weeks, Sherlock.”
That was the official party line. He lived, breathed, and exuded the narrative: no beauty touched him, no passion rolling around in his soul, and no love penetrated him.
John laughed unbelieving, shaking his read and rolling his eyes. “Philip is not attracted to me.”
“She is.”
would drive him wild.
“That… wouldn’t be fair,” muttered John.
Sherlock’s praise was crisp water in a drought, the first bite of food for a starving man, a warm shower after a freezing outing. It brought blood rushing to his cheeks, a thrilling beating in his chest providing him with an foreign level of joy.
The man across from him considered this with a somber expression. “You deduced him, didn’t you?”
Thank you to those of you who waited upwards of a year for this final chapter and please forgive me.
“Feeling it now, are you, Doctor?”
Not a single one of them was silent, their voices rising over one another and John didn’t know who was talking to who, but John was talking to Sherlock, looking at him as though he were the sun that provided life to the entirety of his existence.
With that, he ripped his arm from John’s grip and strode away with all the power and pleasure in the world while John stood helpless and miserable.
However, the alcoholic beverages were proving beneficial to himself as well. His mind was not threatening to crush him with thought. He did not feel terrified and unable to connect with others. He suddenly struggled to recall exactly
“Oh.” Philip cast his head down, a hand massaging the nape of his neck. “Dunno. I guess I am nervous.”
And before he knew it, the words were out of him, flowing perfectly with the music around him, his mind rebelling violently against it all. His voice was shaking, sliding into his falsetto even when it wasn’t necessary and he was completely unsure why he’d agreed to this at all. But he’d done it- sang the first verse.
Sherlock flushed, unwilling to face the prospect of singing for more than these six men. “No, no- I can’t- No, there’s been a misunder-”
,” his brain wanted him to say. “
Words were not spoken before the cracking of the flames, but Sherlock’s mind was racing. He couldn’t relax with his heart so close to those flames.
Then the angelic voice once more. But it didn’t speak soothing words, no declaration of love, not one kindness granted. “The arse-end of the universe with the scum of the Earth. Look at me,” it demanded, and Sherlock was spiralling.
John had responded positively… hadn’t he?
"No," Victor interrupted, his resolve steady. "I want to fight."
“And what the bloody hell was that about?” he asked, keeping his tone even.
“John Watson,” he said without thought, eager to learn more about the man. “And how, exactly, do you plan on helping me?”
Was it the alcohol skewing his perception or was the alcohol making him question his legitimate perception? Was Sherlock Holmes… flirting?
“What?” asked Sherlock, echoing the question in John’s own mind.
Am embarrassed smile fought for territory on the man’s face. He was deliriously adorable with the effort of looking humble. “You think so?”
He'd studied Victor from his brow to his toes and saw nothing of a lie upon him. He shouldn't have underestimated Victor. They'd known one another since Victor was eight and Mycroft was thirteen. Yet Mycroft nearly always underestimated him, perhaps because he still saw Victor as the same young, friendly child who looked upon Sherlock like he were the entire universe of brilliance rolled into one little boy while Mycroft had known that Sherlock was a proper idiot. "And what does Sherlock think of your hard-headed patriotism?” Mycroft had asked.
Sherlock breathed in response, “Always.”
No one was surprised, of course. Mycroft recalled Greg feigning a surprised gasp before abandoning the charade.
He deliberated the concept, staring with wonder out his bedroom window. The leaves were turning red, several weak leaves floating along the breeze to a new home. Did he have one? A place where he felt comfortable, a sense of belonging, or familiarity?
Getting dressed was a chore, of course. John was not without a sense of fashion, but nothing he owned seemed to suit the occasion. He’d put on several tried-and-true outfits before deciding on a risque choice he was previously positive he would never wear.
accompanying what must have been Sherlock taking a seat.
(Temporary note: I did not have enough time before work to fully edit this but I need to post it now. Please excuse any minor misspellings and such. I will remove this note when I have had a chance to edit fully. Thank you.)
know it was holly! It wasn’t even hanging above us! God, Sherlock, it was sitting on the table across the room. It was going to be used for decoration, it wasn’t even supposed to
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com
John placed a teasing kiss along the base, gently sucking on each ball until Sherlock was rightfully squirming for want to be sucked. He flicked his tongue along the underside of him, refusing to give him exactly what he wanted- yet.
“That, er- thing that you... er- that you did… that, um…” he stumbled out the words like they were the first to ever fall from his mouth. He cleared his throat to start over. “I mean to say, you offering your life to save mine?”
“Er-” Greg scratched the back of his neck slowly, eyes falling to the ground. “No, but-”
“There are things that- Things I never said. Things I need to say, things you need to hear.”
Sherlock looked genuinely pleased, eyes sparkling. “A doctor? What sort?”
“I swear, Sherlock.”
Who's ready for some familiar faces?
The music had an abrupt sour taste as John’s mind went wild imagining how awful people were to this man because he was simply more brilliant than them.
Sherlock. I loved you more deeply than you can ever possibly know and you
The words haunted him like fire. The threat thrived on his life, his every breath supplying it with greater power. The more he lived, the closer he was to the fruition of Moriarty’s plan.
And sure enough, Mary was leaning into a well-dressed gentleman, her fingers trailing along his wrist in dancing motions. It was the brazen display of affection that made John realize just how close Sherlock was. So close, in fact, that John could smell the rum on his breath. His eyes were wide and imploring, his pupils wide with exhilaration and John was certain he would fall into them.
, he thought to himself, but his loose tongue was only too happy to confide in the Detective Inspector.
Sherlock could not bear to sleep on this perfect night, knowing it may be the only one he ever had with the man he loved so ardently. He pushed back tears at the thought, recalling the woman who was home at this moment, blissful in her knowledge that John would marry her. No, he would not sleep this night. Not when John was resting in the cradle of Sherlock’s elbow, the ghost of a smile still on his lips.
“No.”
Ten beautiful digits were staring at him from the page, each one causing a different gymnastic move within his body. His heart was performing cartwheels, his stomach summersaults, his soul engaging in various leaps.
Sherlock managed to stay put for one minute and 37 seconds before standing up to check the mirror, telling himself he only cared because Mrs. Hudson cared.
“I…” Words failed him. He looked down at the table, focusing intently upon how to express the manner in which Sherlock was incorrect. “No. They’re not reminders of the war. They are men who served but that’s not all they are. Their struggles are far more a comfort than a burden. Through it all, our problems get set aside in favour of a common goal. A purpose outside the war or our history. The band doesn’t rely on our experiences being relevant. We look around and see other guys who are going through the same thing but… the music is helpful. It’s good to be around the lot of them.”
“Then we will make it quick and you’ll still make your class. You’ll just be a bit late.” Sherlock folded his hands behind his back, chin jutted out in a cocky manner. He was confident that John would ditch his responsibilities for him.
at the nursing's office?
“You like that?” John whispered into his neck as he allowed himself to take his turn exploring the taste of the detective’s skin.
“Afraid not. I have something else in mind and- it’s actually what I’m here to talk to you about.”
John rose shakily from his chair and crossed the room while asking, “What happened here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm excited to announce that we're doing things a bit differently this week. More information in the end notes. For now, please reference
TW: mentions of suicidal thoughts
“No!” John rushed to oppose his deduction. “I like it, Sherlock. I do. I'm just confused. Why are there-” he trailed off once more, groping for words that were escaping him. “Why did you do this?”
The stage stood a distance away, a gathering of five rather bored-looking men performing wordlessly with an array of horns and rhythm. Standing to the left was a man with light brown hair that swooped back from his planed cheekbones and sunken eyes. A blue button-up shirt with rolled sleeves exposed the first few inches of his forearms, the buttons undone slightly to reveal just a hint of his chest. His eyes were distant while his fingers toyed with the saxophone in his hands with ancient, unthinking skill.
“I don’t know that you’re talking about,” Tobias said, tone as dry as barren land. “I’m nothing if not lively.”
The two stared at each other for an impossible eternity. John, challenging the truth and Sherlock determining whether or not to tell the truth.
He began to consider the idea of back peddling; providing John with mindless assurances that would bring him back into the bed. But no, Sherlock knew it wasn’t a viable option. He was in too deep to go back now. He wasn’t able to go back and chose silence. The only option was to go forward, to provide a case that John couldn't argue with.
“Hey,” he said sternly, pulling away to look at him and ignoring Sherlock’s whine of protest. “Don’t do that, my dear. None of that matters anymore, alright? We have each other and we’ve been through hell to get here. I think we’ve earned the right to stop dwelling in the regret we both drowned in for years.”
“Wiggins, make sure you don’t miss the entrance on ‘once I learned.’ And Philip, make sure-”
Only through the existence of a friendship did it occur to Sherlock how sad he’d become in only eight short years of life. Overflowing with emotion and forced to repress every drop of it, he’d been more deeply injured and he knew.
“But- what?”
And in the thick silence that followed their introduction, there was nothing left to do but play. His fingers hovered above the keys only for the slightest of seconds, connecting his eyes with Sherlock’s, exchanging a nod before playing a simple, rapid scale to lead him in. His voice followed the scale, rich baritone of perfect pitch filling the room until nothing else- the contest, the war, the trauma- mattered. There was only the music beneath his fingers and Sherlock beginning to sing:
Sherlock sat up, the movement taking longer and requiring more effort than it should have.
He knew.
And it was all music, it was all there was in the world, it was all perfection.
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com
LIAR, he loves them all. (But don't make him say it.)
Slowly, carefully, ever so gently, John lifted his arms to reciprocate. He felt the way Sherlock’s skin was soft beneath his fingers, felt the warmth seeping from beneath his clothing. It was intoxicating, unexpected, and addicting. John wished he could pause the world and live in that one moment for eternity.
John climbed miserably through his doorway, his lonely flat offering absolutely no comfort. Instead, it was a harbour of insomnia, dangerous thoughts, and misery. He fell onto his couch, beaten with age and uncomfortable with lumps, and ran one hand along his face in exhaustion. The entire place was dark and swimming with a mélange of stench from the apartment above his own. He threw one hand to turn on the radio beside him to fill this space with something other than his thoughts and groaned soundlessly as the impossibly upbeat tune of “Just Like It Was Before” escaped the radio.
“He’s like that man on the telly- the one who give roses to women, right?”
He doesn't
In many ways, the human mind is incapable of comprehending the colour at all. Black is a void that our mind runs viciously away from. In a truly black environment, the mind will play tricks on itself to imagine a light, a movement, or anything at all to escape the pressing darkness. The black objects in this world only make sense to our mind in the context of the items around it.
John’s words came out warm on a trembling breath. “Do you? Have you?”
Perhaps he did. It felt ages that he was holding Sherlock Holmes in his arms until he pulled away and John felt the warmth evacuate the world around him. Suddenly, what had felt ages seemed mere milliseconds.
Where had it all gone so wrong?
“How many nights, sir?”
Sherlock was the first to break the silence, his eyes still drilling into John with insane precision. “No more fake-dating for cases. No more kissing. Happy?”
“I’ll make do without it,” he assured Philip when he stammered his resistance. “I’m sure you’ll make it up to me somehow,” he added in a hushed whisper and winked before rolling over to face away from him.
Sherlock stayed silent.
“Absolutely,” Sherlock said while John said, simultaneously, “Of course.”
Mads_Ansley is a wonderful author who is always SO supportive of my endeavours on Dreamwidth so this chapter is dedicated to her. Go read her stuff! She's also doing this advent calendar ficlet challenge.
John’s hands wrapped around his torso with astonishing strength. Sherlock’s fingers gripped either side of John’s face, holding it with equal tenderness and desperation. There was no ounce of hesitation or caution in their embrace; there was only unparalleled passion and years of desire poured into the connection. Their mouths moved together perfectly and their lips moved in promises of eternity to each other.
“Ah, what happened? Did he misplace the stick-”
Sherlock should have deduced it. Should have known the tree’s height, the width of the base, and the height of John’s maximum reaching span would not allow it.
“What was your original question?” Sherlock interrupted, tone still carrying an impatient bite that did nothing to provide John with the courage to ask.
He learned that anything shy of the whole truth was considered a lie. He tested this theory when he was ten in the mirror, trying to say, “My name is William Holmes, my favourite colour is blue.” The words were reverberating through his head ready to explode yet fell silent in his throat. He cleared his throat and gagged- the sensation of attempted truth was quite painful. He tried again, speaking a statement that was partially true: “My name is
Thank you for reading!
“I’m sorry that I will not accept being little more than a person of interest for your pathetic blog, John.” The words were rigid and monotonous. They were practised words, John knew. “But as you know, I prefer to work alone; all you do is slow me down.”
“What?” shouted John because he couldn’t hold back his indignation. “Why?”
Perhaps he was right.
After John shares an Earth-shattering admission, Sherlock can think of only one way to numb the pain threatening to overwhelm him.
So he stepped out to the classroom, briefly scanned the faces staring at him, and removed his robe. In one corner of his eye, he saw a still figure among scuttering bodies. They sat transfixed and Sherlock’s neck was prickling with anticipation. Perhaps this lack of motion was a guilty admission. Perhaps this man, just older than himself, recognized Sherlock. Perhaps he knew that, even naked and still, Sherlock could break him- make
“Can I tell you a secret?” she asked, voice low enough for him to need to lean in to hear her.
“You’re a right git sometimes.”
“That’s the thing,” he hissed, still bouncing in his seat. “She wouldn’t tell me. She was being so secretive, she came and chickened out of telling me her case. I knew it was good though- probably involving her missing husband.”
The truth, at last.
“Pardon?”
After some time- four drinks for Philip while Sherlock had barely touched his first- Sherlock fell silent, his eyes locked on something behind him in a suddenly deep concentration.
“That’s a good point,” said Tobias with dawning realization, his previously neutral face growing sceptical. “Why didn’t you?”
He seemed taken aback, on the cusp of offended, but Sherlock didn't know why. Nor could he figure out why, strangely enough. The dulling impact of alcohol on his mind was not one he typically cared for. Now, however, it felt nearly… relieving.
He sang. He
His last love. His last request. His last good-bye.
It could have been seconds or hours before they broke apart, but it did not matter in the slightest. When their lips parted, their foreheads were pressed together, a gleam of sweat slipping along another and their breath entwining between them.
But damn it all if they weren’t brilliant musicians. Over the course of the past four, fluid 90-minute practice sessions, John had grown more and more impressed with the lot of them.
. “Yours?”
“How?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes dramatically. “Don’t be so
“One.”
Yet they flew together in pursuit of a criminal, and Sherlock knew they were running toward the rest of their lives.
Of all the things for a woman to do on the streets of Cardiff at night, walking alone with no provisions was one of the most foolish. The pair of them trailed her at a safe distance, keeping quiet despite frequent giggles that threatened to alert her to their presence. The chatted beneath their breaths, the time slipping away without a care. There was no clock to maintain a grip on the passage of time, but if there had been, neither would have believed that they’d passed an hour like this: trailing a client/suspect in the shadows of the city while she wandered aimlessly and they goofed off.
Silence. Months and years of silence. Sherlock’s eyes left John, falling upon his own hands on the table.
Please see the end note for an important update of Deck the Halls
But there was his voice again, right on cue. Those words shouted at John in the heat of battle lived on inside him as though Victor really were next to him, shouting through gunfire. Victor would not let John sleep. Victor would haunt him all his life. Victor would not let John know peace.
Law school made sense. He could control his fate, control some small aspect of his life when everything else always seemed to be frenzied and refractory. He could hyper-fixate on rules, logic, and due process. In this strictly structured career path, he would have discipline and be able to focus on fighting the many situations he found unjust in this world. It was an attempt to structure his life while still helping others in some small way.
“Oi, what’s this sod doing here?” came a lilting voice to his rescue, a peculiar feeling of warmth filling him at the sensation of hearing a familiar voice. A voice to him- about him, even.
“You can thank Greg for that one,” John deflected with a small, forced chuckle.
“Because you clearly needed help and your options were limited,” said Sherlock.
When his voice was raw, his energy depleted, the cold of the floor seeping through his trousers and into his bones, he sat motionlessly. He didn’t want to live on this wretched planet that no longer held Victor’s beautiful soul.
“How about a vote, then?” proposed John from behind his piano. “All in favour of Sherlock joining our gig this Friday?”
Hadn’t considered the consequences of such an oversight.
John’s skin itched everywhere. He wanted to claw at every inch of himself until he bore the painful scars that he deserved. He longed to tear apart his skin until the pain inside him was free.
“I just can’t imagine-”
Mycroft, the Iceman, hates Christmas. He hates "family time." He hates how insufferable Sherlock and John are since they got together.
John found himself positively drowning in the deepest, loveliest waters in the simple action that was returning Sherlock’s look. “You’re welcome,” he spoke in the closest thing he could manage to a steady voice.
“Lights?” He called across the room, already walking toward the switch.
“The best.”
Tomorrow's prompt: Fireplace
“How the hell are you?” he continued booming even when the two were near enough to allow him to throw a friendly arm around Philip. “I haven’t seen you since ‘42.”
The sombre men silently shook their heads minutely. They’d never been so quiet, never been so willing to listen.
He wanted to put his mouth all over every last centimeter of his perfect body.
A soft groan escaped from the man on his lap. “What happened?” Sherlock asked, demure.
Could John not see this? Or did he know all this and was still choosing Mary over him? He said Mary was safe; how could he show him that the only constant in Sherlock’s life was the desire to keep John safe and happy?
The calm, drag of marijuana.
With a content smile pushed against the perfect head, John allowed his eyes to close once more and embraced the blanket of sleep that fell over him.
, however, for reasons that will eventually be evident later on. :)
You’re not an idiot. I’m sorry. Please help me. SH
When no such figure was found, John looked to Sherlock once more, his face exposing every emotion within him: fear, scepticism, surprise. They flitted across his face like dancers across a stage.
“I'm trying!” he shouted back through tight teeth.
“I have- Can I say one more thing?”
He’d been standing with his best mate of the time- Jonathan. (The irony of life’s pattern was not lost upon Philip- but he was getting ahead of himself.) A dame passed the pair of them in the school hallway, her sweater tight and her auburn hair pinned to perfection in a rather gorgeous style. As she passed them both, her fragrance drifted through the air as potent as the musky floral aroma in the middle of a cast garden. Jonathan, in response, turned to Philip and released a low whistle, his eyebrows raised and said: “I’d love to be that there sweater to hug her body that tightly, yeah?”
For the most glorious of moments, Sherlock had truly believed- was confident beyond words- that it had worked. It caused the impact of John’s final words to slice him deeper than he had thought possible.
Wiggins’ compliance with John’s lead was more than he could say for other members who grumbled at his instructions, save Sholto who silently obliged every note John gave.
So he cried and re-read the letter to deepen the wounds. He cried and read and sobbed until he was fully spent, aching from the tips of his toes to the top of his head, from the ends of his fingers to the deepest pain in the fabric of his soul.
PSA: If you're worried about anybody's character development, I simply ask that you have faith in all the planning I did for this fic. :)
Good idea, actually. John took another as well and successfully finished every drop within. John looked at Sherlock, his nerves dancing around him to the rhythm of a salsa. It was just a question. He could ask him. Just ask him. Do it.
“Wait- wait, Sherlock I’ve just realized,” said Lestrade loudly, though he couldn’t be bothered to sit up properly.
He strained his ears for any audible hint that the events of today were keeping Sherlock up, but it was a silent night at 221B. He imagined he could hear the snowflakes hit his bedroom window one by one, building on top of other, more resilient snowflakes. He imagined hearing footsteps pacing in tight circles, a physical manifestation that somehow helped Sherlock process the frantic activity of his own mind. He imagined a crackling fire being built in the sitting room, a source of warmth to accompany Sherlock as he sat awake.
And we're back! Please bear with me, the opening and ending notes will be a bit long on this chapter.
When they withdrew, the silence was thick with tension. Sherlock turned around after a small eternity spread out between them, turned up the collar on his jacket, and strode away. He moved so smoothly, John was reminded of ice dancers.
Then again, he hadn’t known if Sholto or Greg were any good when he’d blindly agreed to bring them onboard. And he trusted Sherlock.
“Don’t spew nonsense, John. Of course I need your help. You know her personally, after all.”
A shabby man elevated his head at the call, his hand quickly rising to give a sort of choppy wave toward them both. Dark blond hair was unruly on his head and his thick stubble was bordering on becoming a full beard on his narrow face. He wore a filthy shirt, thin and impractical in the harsh cold of the city. His pants were military-issued with haphazardly fixed holes that had been repaired by someone who had clearly never sewn anything else in their life. Despite this, there was nothing on his face to reveal a bitterness of his situation. Instead, his eyes were glazed over with a dreamy distance and John's stomach plummeted with dread.
“So you’re a detective- makes sense- but still… How did you know I was a soldier or that one of my bandmates was a prisoner of war? You didn’t interrogate us.”
“I have,” Sherlock said with a mischievous grin, knowing now that he could share his blatant lies without fearing a misunderstanding. Still, he wondered who John had told and how he’d managed it. After all, “I’m incapable of telling the truth” and “I can only tell lies” were both impossible for them to say. Perhaps someone had guessed? Maybe he’d found a way to convince someone with only lies? It didn’t matter, he supposed. All that mattered now was John- here, now, and Sherlock, miraculously no longer alone in what had been a life-long suffering.
What has Sherlock been up to since the preliminary?
Sherlock didn’t move but stood perfectly still for so long, he wasn’t sure he would ever react. “I told you it’s fine.”
This man. Sherlock Holmes. His Sherlock.
“- to practice the elements you learned in last week’s lecture. Pay special attention to shadows, as next week’s lighting will change so you may compare.”
The words were borne from of a complete lack of anything else to say. They were out of his mouth with no regard to whether or not John wanted them out.
He turned to her, keeping his face completely neutral, perhaps a bit perplexed and waiting the smallest of seconds before pretending that realization was dawning on him.
You know I had to include candles in this one. It was candle day!
WHAT! I am a mere nine kudos away from ONE HUNDRED kudos. I know
Snowman
Shot.
“Then we take it to the band.”
. It’s what I do, John. I see things, I make sense of the physical evidence in front of me and make my deductions based on what I see. I don’t
“No,” John said firmly. “No, they
John moved his lips slowly, softly. He felt the movement mirrored, their motions entirely in-sync just as they always were. The tenderness held in that moment caused an almost-painful wrench in his heart. The love he held was inescapable and completely unrivaled. He wanted to believe, in that moment, that they were the first two people on Earth to ever experience this: true, undying, consuming love.
“Eh,” he said letting the vowel drag out. “Doesn’t matter. Obviously, I gave up on the ordeal shortly after. Dedicated my life to resisting attachments in the effort to focus on science. I’d always been more than comfortable with it, the science thing, but… I wanted to be better than anybody else. I could deduce perfectly well, but lacked the breadth of scientific knowledge I have now.”
“Gotcha!” he proclaimed.
His return was a painful surprise akin to finding a knife protruding from one’s gut.
“Exactly,” said Sherlock triumphantly, leaning back in his chair. “So sometimes I can explain my deductions like a well-reasoned thesis- such as your tan explaining that your service was in the Pacific rather than in cloudy Europe. But other things- the way you carry yourself that screams soldier and the way your band mate was staring at you… See, those things are visual stimuli that allow me to
So, in fact, even in death, Victor was responsible for John’s continued life.
He was dizzy with the thought, deliriously attempting to grasp what was happening as Sherlock’s hand rose to John’s mouth, silencing the many protests that had been inadvertently escaping John’s mouth
“Emotions are dangerous,” he said to his glass. “Feeling things, attachments- they are wolves in sheep’s clothing. While appealing, they open opportunities for suffering. However, if you don’t open yourself to feelings-”
“He’s good.” Greg rose his eyebrows when he said it to John, nodding his head to Sherlock. “Don’t piss him off again or I’ll take advantage of it and find out what other dirt he has on you.”
The needle skipped over the record that was providing the background music. Sholto shook with surprise at the abrupt imperfection. His face fell and eyes shifted to the record player. The words that had been about to escape him were temporarily lost as John saw the distraction take over his attention.
This fic is about Retirement!lock and may be sad. You've been warned.
“Law.”
“Bullshit!” John called, though jubilant due to his friend’s brilliance.
could they be
He deliberated the concept, staring with wonder out his bedroom window. The leaves were turning red, several weak leaves floating along the breeze to a new home. Did he have one? A place where he felt comfortable, a sense of belonging, or familiarity?
Sherlock, half out the door of their sitting room, stopped in his tracks without turning around. “I don’t believe that’s your business.”
“So I went to that night often- in my mind, I mean. I recalled the way you felt, the silky feeling of your skin, your perfect lips, the feeling of safety of life in your arms… I will spend the rest of my life trying to make up for what I did to you- to
“Now, as I’m sure you know,” he continued, “there are two ways to be married: legally with a marriage license or “in the eyes of God”- but not legally- by a priest. Back in 1836, it became legal to enter a civil marriage when done performed a government official. No priest necessary.”
, Sherlock- that I put one foot out that door, I knew I would spend the rest of my days regretting it. And I have. The more steps I took, the more I hated myself for my decision. The self-hatred grew until it consumed me. I grieved as though I had lost you all over again. I went deep in denial when you spoke at my wedding and played that song. The depth of my emotions betrayed my denial, however. Those beautiful words you crafted, the long confession of love that I knew I had given up on… drove me damn near tears.”
He waited until their first break and counted slowly to ten before rising and crossing over to the boy’s desk where he remained seated as their classmates shuffled off to enjoy the intermission.
Sherlock approached with a cup in each hand, his eyes cast deliberately downward as he approached John.
VIC, GET OUT! VICTOR!
hated Sherlock Holmes.
What was your initial recommendation for John’s gift? None of your other recommendations are good enough. SH
“My love, I will fight back death itself to ensure I always return to you.”
The warm, envelopment of heroine.
“You- Do you want to fix it?” “It would look better.” John’s hand rubbed the back of his neck, his eyes dancing.
(Rating: Explicit). It's based on this fic and takes place the night before Victor leaves for good.
(See the end of the chapter for
Very amusing. What did he want?
“I did not,” he said with an attempt at severity. Unfortunately, the result was rather weak, betrayed by the wavering of his tone and beet-red color of his cheeks.
Focusing quite hard, Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Putting every ounce of effort he possessed into the act, he shot daggers at Lestrade with his eyes. He leaned forward in silence, his mouth a hard line.
“Playing the game, John,” he said matter of factly, a finger rising to the corner of his lip to wipe away the smallest of drops that had made its way to his skin.
“Don’t pretend you’re innocent. I know it was you.”
He mumbled thanks in her direction, keeping his gaze fixed on the ground as he turned to walk out the door, manoeuvring himself expertly to avoid brushing against Sherlock. When he walked out the door, a chilly breeze made the hairs on his neck stand up.
He released his lips and pulled back to look into Sherlock’s eyes and froze. There were, in fact, tears that had spilled. Only now did he sense his hands had removed themselves from his sides, his face a mask of pain that John couldn’t comprehend.
His mouth traversed up and down the expanse of him until he was dizzy with the sensation of him. He opened his eyes to steady himself and saw Sherlock mouthing words he couldn’t hear into the air, his eyes fluttering rapidly as his eyes rolled back. The sight was so hot, he sped up his actions, working his tongue more aggressively against him as he did so. Keeping his eyes on Sherlock, he watched the impact of the new speed hit him. Hands grabbing his hair more tightly, he gave a feeble thrust of his hips against John’s mouth but he seemed to lack enough strength to put any real effort into it.
“Five shots? You’re robbing me blind,” John teased.
John had said that Sherlock was wrong. Sherlock had asked whether he could-
What colour did he associate with Sherlock?
OMG! Sorry to anybody who saw my initial posting of this chapter. That was a mistake. Fixed now!
This may or may not be based on a true story.
“You left behind traces of acrylic paint on the gun you used to kill them. Your belongings were torn apart in the struggle, including portions of your notebooks and even your bag. So why did you do it?”
He considered the Christmases at 221B, the pain and joy mixing in a stew of stories to tell. The day was loaded for them, indicative of importance every year. Yet only one Christmas memory was worthy of today's tale.
Also at one point "hisseed Lestraded, througouhgly chaffdd" was a sentence I typed, so there's that.
“No, no,” he said coyly. “Hold on.”
It was Mycroft’s turn to go rigid, and the involuntary action would not be lost on his brother. “I haven’t the slightest idea-”
John fought the urge to scream and drag his nails against his skin. When he’d been seven years old, his parents had declared him a “prodigy.” He wasn’t, of course, but having a child prodigy had them feel special. In reality, John was simply musically inclined. He picked up the accordion and learned quickly, rapidly becoming more than adept at the instrument. He’d played weddings for years, including for Al and his wife, Molly. At nine, he’d then taken to the piano like a fish to water, the music alive within him. He’d stuck to the piano, continuing to learn until there was nobody better. But still, the ability to play the accordion lived within him.
I've always been obsessed with what everyone must have been thinking when these two met. Ergo, this story.
Sherlock held up a finger, a patient silencer to John’s questions. “What I
"Studies indicate that people with OCD frequently report stressful and traumatic life events before the illness begins." (
John sat out of her view with his back to her, of course, in case she scanned her environment and saw him again. Sherlock, however, was certain she would not recognize him as the culprit who sloshed an entire glass of water all over her.
Sherlock walked unawares through puddles of muddy water. The police wouldn’t listen to him but he
As some of you may have picked up on, the last seven chapters also saw us moving forward in time. Al's chapter (the first of the seven) was in late December 1945 and Mycroft's (the last) was in late February 1946.
“Hey,” John said sternly, his own tears threatening him with stings behind his eyes. Sherlock's head tilted to make eye contact. “Stop that. Details don't matter. Only the truth matters. You've never forgotten the truth. You never will.”
Victor
It was not impossible to solve the case without them, but it was certainly proving to be more difficult.
They were providing challenging grins toward one another, Philip’s eyes rolling behind Greg. John knew better than to believe that Philip was actually vexed with either of them.
Silence fell, loaded and dangerous and tense. Even Wiggins sat disgruntled, harbouring resentment from a particularly cruel comment from Philip that had been shot at him a few minutes earlier.
“I’m not a
He couldn’t run from this.
Who was he, if not a brilliant detective?
“When he finally looked up… he was so confused. He didn't know what to do and I couldn't explain so I just kept shouting-”
“You confessed,” said Sherlock as though John had not spoken, “and then you left. I was not worth it to you- not worth the risk. I was worthy of being used and not worthy of continued love.”
“Which standard?” prompted Sherlock through the silence, eager to move forward.
It was a sentiment heavy on his ears, his cheeks flooding with red-hot delight. “Oh, posh,” he deflected. “You seem to know everyone.”
take a shot.”
“I cannot understand how foot temperature is enough a problem to warrant pointlessly thick, impractical socks being sold at such a popular store.”
But he has one.
“No, I don’t,” Sherlock admitted reluctantly. John beamed at the man, his soul elated. Sherlock gave a begrudging smile, his eyes scanning John under hooded eyes. “I’d say your deduction is spot-on.”
It's always darkest before the dawn. Next chapter will be more exciting, I promise. ;)
He turned back to face the man, shooting him with dangerous eyes. “What?” he snapped in a flat tone.
Sherlock huffed, a fierce denial settling over him. Mrs. Hudson's upturned lip, raised eyebrows, and cheery demeanour screamed her thoughts and he wished to be deaf to them.
A wrecking ball decimated every hope carefully built through John’s heart over the course of the past few minutes.
He wasn’t alone. He could be understood. If he played his card rights- if he believed the opposite of every word from John's mouth- he may never need to be alone again.
“John, look at me,” he whispered with all the tenderness he possessed. When those beautiful eyes met his, he took one cautious step forward. It was a feat beyond a miracle that John not only
As of last two nights ago, Deck the Halls is officially my work with:
Both hands in his hair, he formed fists with the jet-black curls and pulled Sherlock’s head back from where it had been making its way south from his collarbone. His face was flushed, eyes fluttering as a trembling “oh” came from John pulling his hair back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Three little-known facts. Go.”
The day John Watson arrived in his life was red: exciting, spontaneous, and daring. The two of them were full of physical energy, enthusiasm, and determination. The flames of passion licked awake the red within him.
was he supposed to go talk to him? Why couldn’t he do it himself? He knew Sherlock well enough to know he’d never obtain a straightforward, honest answer to any of those questions. The man loved to avoid answers by instead providing replies he thought were clever.
“What’s that?”
"Mystrade?! I thought this was a
“Oh my God,” mumbled John against his lips, attempting to pull away. “I am so sorr-”
Every single member would be a military veteran performing a song about service. They couldn’t lose.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and drummed his fingers on the table. “Sure. An
He knew what he must do even as he shrunk away from it.
Yet they were out of time, it seemed. As in reality, Sherlock re-lived the return of Moriarty as well as their second narrow escape. Of course, the return to their flat was quite different and Sherlock reveled in the returned love John voiced when they returned.
His body curled in on itself, the horrible truth crashing over him like waves of pure, excruciating pain. Falling over onto the bed without intention, his body shook with sobs that resulted in equal shakes from the long-unused bed. His arms wrapped around his knees, certain he would break apart without motion.
“And I know I’ve said it, and you’ll hear me say it for the rest of my life, but I cannot express to you how sorry I am. I’m sorry for hurting you, for blaming you, for hitting- for assault-”
“No? Then why are you so upset?”
“Quite right, as always.” He planted a thankful kiss on the forehead of his husband and released the man to stride toward where his jacket hung. “Though you pulled me away before I could cheer myself up by reliving the memory of the one time I finally did tell you.”
How many times he’d have to what? Fancy a what?
“Meaning I have a git brother who thinks he knows what’s good for me and ensured I wouldn’t go to war despite my own wishes.”
The letter followed the logic of someone using only their train of thought to propel their writing. It was like reading someone’s mind, this letter. A distinct peek into the exact workings of John’s mind.
“No, you’re going to listen to me,” said Al forcefully, revelling in the way Mel actually retreated further into his seat. “You’re going to book them and you’re going to pay them top dollar, you hear?”
(See the end of the chapter for
LESTRADE. SH
Greg may not have been as close to John or Sherlock as they were to each other, but as the hours faded away into laughter and jovial conversation, Greg was filled with appreciation for the shared bond he did have with the both of them. Even aware that the whiskey was providing him with goggles of affection and an increased inclination toward buoyant emotions, he knew the truth of it ran deep. When all was said and done, if they earned nothing from this experience- from the contest- then at least he would have the unbreakable bond that he had been certain could only be forged in the horrors of war.
So there it was. Philip didn’t like women and also it was possible that he was enamoured with his best mate.
“Oh,” he said, his hand jumping to the back of his neck. “I just thought you’d actually accept this time, is all.”
“John,” he said warningly.
And her lips were suddenly on his and
A strangled, sustained groan pulled itself from John’s very soul. Excuses.
“Why’s that?” inquired John, perplexed.
“Second: I’ve only ever had two friends in my life.”
Lestrade? SH
horrified.”
John didn’t seem to believe him, but allowed him his lie. “I said-"
(See the end of the chapter for
“That's Captain John Watson to you,” he said running the last few metres toward him with deep breaths.
“Brilliant! Positively brilliant!” he proclaimed, a ridiculous child excited in a candy store.
His phone buzzed in his hand, the cursed device bringing no information of importance to him in several days. The phone displayed 7:03 A.M. and one unread message from the clueless Detective Inspector.
“Oh my God, Mary?” he asked, a half-smile crawling along the expanse of his cheeks.
“I need to talk to you,” Sherlock said quickly, professionally. He maintained an eye contact with John that he was incapable of breaking. John stepped a bit closer, though sensing it was perhaps ill-advised to sit or stand too close to him.
“W-What?”
“I didn’t need to,” he said confidently. “I examined the evidence and I reached my conclusions.”
Perhaps if Sherlock’s mind was in a proper place to apply his standard defenses to displays of such kindness, he would have a clever retort at the ready. Yet the words penetrated his mind, burrowing deep within him to make his heart flip with joy. He filed them in his mind palace where they would be available to revisit.
The worst part of Sherlock’s mind, the part that was always imagining the worst case scenario, had feared John would wake in a panic, frantic to leave Sherlock the moment he awoke and recalled what had happened. But, thankfully, he merely smiled up at Sherlock, the small muscle movement filling his heart with a bouancy that was new to him.
The last door was his absolute favorite. Most often, he would stride down the hallway and make no stops until he reached this door. The other hundred doors held memories that had to be manipulated to maximize his happily ever after with the man he so dearly loved. They were merely ways to experiment with the relationship and live a hundred different lives with John Watson.
“Our first kiss was on Christmas day in the year 2020.”
“My God, I am sorry,” came a voice from his right, deep with timber and sounding like a melody without a tune. John’s head turned quickly to the source, a man standing before him with grace and unparalleled posture. His teeth flashed dazzlingly at John, his jacket already sliding off of his back and into the arms of the waitress. “I lost track of time, you know how that happens with me. Thank you for waiting. You know me so well.”
With three minutes to spare, the lot was gathered around in a familiar formation, instruments either in hand or beneath awaiting fingers. They warmed up to the notes of John’s grand piano, his fingers flexing and curling in between notes to prepare for limber motion. They tuned in unison, the horns blaring and Greg’s bass reverberating around the hollow rehearsal space.
Beware a
“Oh?” asked Sherlock, and his pale face showed a curious expression with one arched eyebrow. “What’s that?”
“But it is what it is,” said Sherlock into the air above him.
He had expected an expression of relief to flood his face, a rush of irritating thankfulness to spew from his mouth. Yet he did neither of those things; rather, his lips went pale with pressure, a mix of displeasure and determination solidifying on his pale skin.
God help him, his trousers were snug. It must be cold of the room impacting the material.
First of all, please be aware there is just a bit more info to this case that John doesn't know yet. It will be covered in the next (very short) chapter. This is not a casefic so the explanation is really quite simple but it will be explained. :) Therefore, if something seems off or you have questions, I would love to answer them AFTER the clarification is given.
“Is that John Watson?” he called with a throaty laugh.
“What was his fight? Pacific?”
The clash of the bedroom door closing behind him was a bullet in his heart. The impact was ineffable, inescapable, and immediate. Every molecule of his being was grieving the loss of a man it had already mourned for too long. The bones in his body ached with longing, his heart was weighing him down with a regret that cemented the blood in his veins, and his mind was destroyed by the contrition that sought to overwhelm every corner of him.
OR on Dreamwidth:
They were a mass of nonsensical proclamations until, an incredibly short time later, they were called to the stage for the announcement of the winner.
“Why now?” he asked in a trembling voice.
Sherlock had never been happier nor more in pain. For what on this damned Earth was he to do? Profess his love? Ask him on a date? Discuss their situation? How would any of that work? Sherlock, with his inability to share any truth and John with his?
Don’t call me Myc. Did you recommend perhaps some lube and a butt plug?
“You don’t like girls either.”
Perhaps Lestrade could actually solve his cases if the Holmes bros weren't so needy.
It took him a moment to find any words, unsure of how to express the depth of his confusion. It was not a feeling he was accustomed to. The sound a ill-suppressed laughter from his brother and his boyfriend gave him his voice to simply ask, “Snowmen?”
“So are you going to tell me the truth?” he asked with unfelt confidence. “About what you did during the war?”
Thank you for reading!
Curse his trembling words.
“Nothing, dear.”
He thanked the bartender and, drink in hand, strode over to the now-silent men.
“Yes?”
“Wha-Why?” John asked, genuinely floored. “What’s wrong with you?”
“Of course,” came the responding shout from the couch.
“Okay,” said John defiantly, his anger rising to his cheeks. “We’ll take a vote-”
“I said emotional entanglement would complete you- as- as a person. I meant it.”
For a long while, John simply stared at the innocent contact between them. He stared and stared until every bit of the scene was ingrained in his mind. He never wanted to forget how wonderful this felt, how beautiful Sherlock looked, or how Sherlock's hair smelled.
“Do you… Do you not know who that was?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Er- Jazz,” he said when Sherlock didn't meet his eyes. “For a contest. If we win, we'll get to be in the movies.”
“You’re a right faker, aren’t you?” responded Lestrade light-heartedly with a shake of his head.
whimpered.
“Oh, really?” he asked with an arch of his eyebrow. “And what experiment would that be?”
you’re a fighter. We deserve to have this shot. We deserve the brotherhood and joy this band brings us. We deserve to continue this band, even though the rich fucking company won’t help us continue it. We deserve a shot to win this all. We deserve to play on the stage and prove that everything we are- veterans, musicians, and friends- is worth living and fighting for.”
This earned a smile- a begrudging smile, but a smile nevertheless. “Afraid not. Service left them less disciplined.”
“Yes.” His throat was sandpaper, his muscles moving on their own to say the word with some ancient instinct to sink or swim in overwhelming information. “Can you tell me when h-he’ll be available?”
“And then?”
“Where?”
You think he’d like that…? SH
It felt ages before his friend returned. Sherlock finished his drink, the buzz in his head leaning away from tipsy and traveling closer to drunk. He slouched against the booth, his body refusing to maintain any notion of formality.
Sherlock stared intently upon a patch of floor beneath him, shame overwhelming him as he answered over the beginnings of John’s indignant protests, “I was given a 4-F classification.”
“I don’t. Not really, at least,” he said, the traces of disconcert painting his face. “I knew Tobias from training and he told John about me. He recruited me for this… idea of his.”
In the same way, he could read Captain Watson.
“Yeah?” Sherlock asked, turned around in the booth to face her and clearly perplexed.
Sherlock paused then, eyes flickering to John who had unconsciously leaned in slightly at the question. How
“What would you say,” said John tentatively, his feet traversing into waters of unknown depth, “if I told you that
“I would like the osso buco and my
, which this chapter is based on. A whole 18 songs! I urge you all to NOT listen ahead or you shall have the upcoming plot points spoiled. However, those few of you familiar with the musical will be happy to know that my ending will be quite different... :)
At all times, he would act to keep John safe. Even if it caused loss, suffering, or pain for Sherlock. The most obvious example of this was deciding to fake his death despite knowing it would hurt John. Sherlock had suffered much more than John in a valiant effort to keep him safe.
Considering John had consumed nine shots within 20 minutes a bit over an hour ago, it was a small miracle that he was merely tipsy, perhaps slightly drunk. The combination of the splash of water, the high of the chase, the sneaking around, and the passage of time had seemed to clear his head, to lessen the impact of the alcohol on his mind. Still, the world’s edges were blurred, John’s helpless heart refusing to heed caution.
P.S. to those of you that asked: my broken foot is finally healed and the boot came off yesterday. Thank you for everyone's well wishes. :)
“Another shot of whiskey. Please.”
John doesn’t need help saving money, idiot. SH
They walked in electric silence for a few blocks until the man silently slid into an unmarked door. John followed without question.
John was sweeping the man into his arms before he could figure out how he had closed the space between them. His mouth pressed into the surprised detective's whose lips rapidly went soft under the pressure. John's arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock's neck, his feet propping him up on his tip-toes to embrace so ardently. In response, he felt Sherlock's musician's fingers run around the fabric of John's shirt, fingers gripping desperately at his waist.
Forty-seven minutes later, the two were giddy with the after-effects of their sex in a bed coated with a mélange of golden and blue paint. The pair were a collage of colour, the bed stained with John’s art.
He should have known bringing Sherlock to the shopping centre to shop for gifts was a mistake. He had grown resentful that the gift tag was always signed from the both of them even though John was the only one who really did all the shopping. He’d dragged Sherlock from the flat whilst adamantly ignoring his protests and then- for some reason- got angry when he was being absolutely no help.
Tobias isn't interested in sharing his story.
“John,” he gasped in a whining tone. “
That is how he came to storm in without knocking to see his friend standing strangely in the centre of his room, arms behind his back, chin jutted out expectantly in his nightgown. Hand still on the doorknob and eyes manically attempting to adjust to the sudden light of the room, his words scrambled out as though they were desperate for life.
John: I'm not
It was going to be a long day.
“No!” the boy shouted, rising from his seat as he smiled at Sherlock. He was missing several teeth and Sherlock made a note of which ones he thought would grow in first so that in several months, he could confirm or refute his hypothesis. “That was cool! Did somebody tell you that?”
What was she talking about?
“You really don’t know?” asked Lestrade, his smile subtly faltering into pity.
Together, they laughed against the wall of 221B. John’s laughter ricocheted against the walls melodiously and his heart constricted with love. He hadn’t caught the signs then, but he recognized them now.
mentions of lobotomy/surgery
Now that he knew what he was looking for, he hand-selected a letter with handwriting so untidy and jagged, it could only be the writing of a man who had just finished pouring his heart out. He couldn’t be bothered to attempt tidiness after he wrote this letter.
“Oh, God no,” Sherlock practically choked out. “I don’t sing in public. No, no performing. No, he was client.”
John. SH
do that song justice. It is emotional and flawless. Please go listen to it on Spotify
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a conversation on an endless loop while he curled into himself against it.
If Sherlock was an attempted guest in the village, the lot of them had agreed to slam the proverbial door in his face. Not one local would whisper, no resident would gossip, and not even the stupidest among them would be of any help to his case. Three dead in as many months and they were scurrying like cockroaches from aid.
Sherlock groaned, his mind hurting from the forced therapy Lestrade was shoveling onto him. “I don’t know! Love made me feel stupid, you know? I didn’t get it. But science, criminal cases… Ahhh. They never made me feel stupid. Smart with science but stupid with love. I never got it until now.”
2. Sherlock Holmes' once rigid worldview and values have softened and morphed into something more recognizably suitable for domesticity.
The world was too loud. He could hear the churnings of the plates beneath him, the whooshing air as they spun in endless circles. He could feel the air pressing against him, could feel gravity pushing him down, down, down and it was too much.
He knew what he had to do even as he fought against it.
That’s rather why he was here, however.
“To her home? Don’t be peculiar, John, we can’t just follow a woman around town,” he said with a wink and John had to laugh at the irony. “No, this case is bigger than I suspected. We’ll need to get the police involved now. After tonight, I have enough information to provide them with an easy path of prosecution.”
Philip sighed, his eyes downcast as he conceded and muttered, “Yeah, I’m in.”
“Have a good night, John,” he said with a bow of his head before turning on his heels and striding down the street in the opposite direction.
“Yeah, me too,” said John, still distracted. “You know, you like Wiggins too.”
Moves: |
That’s what Sherlock lived for, wasn’t it? Death?
they had definitely not discussed this and
If Satan himself had come onto the Earth and hand-selected a group of men who would be perfectly incompatible with one another, he could not have put together a group quite as perfect as the one John Watson did. As it turns out, if you get a group of men together who all went through hell and believe their version of hell was worse, tensions aren’t exactly low.
He ordered a triple scotch and defiantly rose his eyebrows at the bartender who judged his order.
“Oh, and Sherlock? You missed a spot shaving.”
If John was gone, he would have no reason to go on. The thought alone sent a more violent sob through his body. His joints ached from the unrelenting nature of his emotional response.
His breath hitched in his throat. It was with a jolt that his deductions were thrown off because suddenly, the man was looking at him. Not just toward him, but directly into his eyes with an intense curiosity.  He was locked in place, his mind reeling from an invisible hold that he seemed to have over Sherlock. It was the strangest thing he’d ever experienced: this abrupt, wild, intense surge of kinship.
anything. I deduce my facts.”
“The evidence, John!” he bellowed with agony. “I fell and couldn’t obtain the evidence. It got away from me. The culprit of those murders is still out there and I’m no closer to finding him than I was this morning.”
He had not expected even the slightest bit of resistance. Though in hindsight, he should have. The lot of them were trained professionals in the arguing department.
John allowed his fingers to trill against the familiar fabric of his red chair, dragging his fingers along the material to feel the creases beneath his skin. A delightful distraction for one moment, but piercing eyes were preventing the motion from stalling what must come.
“Howdy,” called Wiggins when they got a bit closer, his voice thick with a fake American accent that he dropped as he continued. “Didn't expect to see you here so soon again, Shezzer.”
Finally, I'm still laughing at the fact that John couldn't "think straight" when Sherlock was pressed against him lol.
me and then clear yourself of the repercussions by saying it was “for a case.” You can either kiss me or you can not kiss me. You can’t do both.”
Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock... I O U a fall.
Bullets of perspiration slid without caution down his forehead as he flew down the corridor, his bookbag flinging wildly around him. He couldn’t be late, he had to just make it-
“I don’t know,” said Greg with uncharacteristic introspection. “I don’t think we can win without him. He’s much better than you, John.” Then, after a moment, added, “No offence.”
With the contest on the horizon, tensions run high among band members.
Despite the face that endeavored so ardently to remain stoic, the corners of John’s mouth trembled, his eyes tightening in an effort to hold in his emotion.
Allowing his eyes to droop closed, he leaned forward to connect his lips with the enchanting cupid’s bow that was so near.
The interjection was surprising enough to cause a burst of laughter from the lot of them, including Tobias. His generally stoic face was screwed into a smile that nearly touched his eyes, his deep laughter vibrating through the room.
“I know.”
you’re a detective. Bloody hell, I reckon you’re the best there is?”
All that time he spent holding onto the hope that Sherlock would return was replaced eventually by acceptance that he had to move on. He experimented with dating men, even tried to replace Sherlock with the act. He uncovered portions of himself he didn’t know existed and, in doing so, came to terms with those hidden parts. He eventually found Mary and she helped him accept and adapt to a life without Sherlock.  He poured every drop of strength he possessed into forming a life after Sherlock.
His eyes had closed at some point as he spoke. The dancing had exhausted him and the alcohol was making compelling arguments to fall asleep right there, right then.
“So what now?” John asked slowly.
Watson beamed with the image in his mind. “And if it were a six score years from now?”
Sherlock hummed a noncommittal tone for a moment before dragging out a soft “No.”
John released an uncomfortable cough because apparently there was nothing to do but pretend the horrors of the war didn’t impact him. “Nice gig you got here.”
“What’s your study, then?”
Sherlock stared at him intently, that signature flame of curiosity burning within. “Why’s that?”
, Lestrade. It is gross,” said Sherlock dismissively. “I'm going to order something better.”
Sherlock’s ability to “read” others was certainly something that had come up frequently. In fact, his exceptional ability to decipher a person’s life in an instant had been a source of terror in Philip the first several times he’d engaged with him. However, when it became apparent that Sherlock was not aware of his hidden sexuality and that he was safe from being exposed, that fear subsided to allow for further resentment.
“But as I said, he’s not just the government, he has his stubby, grimy fingers in the church as well. He’s ordained and if that doesn't say anything about the state of organized religion, I don't know what does. Anyway, so my brother- a government official, to put it lightly- married us. He officiated a secret ceremony with Mrs. Hudson and Victor’s sister as witnesses. He oversaw the legal proceedings of it and kept the official certificate hidden and safe. In the copies he sent to record keeping, he changed one of our names to avoid suspicion. However, officially, we were married because the original marriage license remained unaltered. We followed all the rules. Well, all the rules except for the big one- no woman involved. My brother was willing to break that one rule as a favour to me. And like I said,” he added with a flourish, “my brother is ordained. So it is official in both senses.”
He stopped almost instantly, his head rotating to that he could spot John out of one eye. “Yes?”
“Yes.”
“An act?”
That same word that had powered him through two endless years as he infiltrated Moriarty’s network. His name had always been the resounding word that powered his will to live. It was a trigger from apathy to action, from depression to elation. The name of the man before him has sustained his life far more than he could understand.
“I… would… say you’re
Sherlock squinted in the direction John was pointing, mouth twisting for a moment before declaring, “Cheating on his wife, wearing his wife’s makeup, and recently lost weight- probably because he started having affairs.”
Over the course of the next few weeks, that game was the highlight of his days. Every day, he would stop in before work, during lunch, and after work to check up on the progress. Most days, there would be at least one move from his competitor- Redbeard. On wonderful days, there would be two. On the worst days, there were zero moves.
“Where are you going?”
Tomorrow's prompt: Feast
Sherlock looked at him with wide, crestfallen eyes that lurched a pang of affection into his heart. “You don't like it.”
I rarely write fics that are compliant with S4, but here we are!
“Exactly!” He was so excited, he accidentally shouted the word, even bouncing on the balls of his feet with the thrill of it.
“Er- a gig’s a gig,” he muttered with poorly-disguised disappointment. He was twenty-seven years old and now doing exactly the sort of performance he did at seven years old.
“I know, I know,” groaned Philip. “Trust me, I know. You can blame Greg for that, he distracted me.”
Whatever was in this box, Mycroft was definitely going to roll his eyes.
He couldn’t explain it, but the words caused an unpleasant stirring in his stomach.
“What the hell-”
But what was so amazing about spending time with Sherlock one-on-one was that even when he would expertly deduce a fact or person, Philip never felt like those analytical eyes were turned toward
“Yes, I’m serious,” Sherlock said with a poorly concealed smile, reading Greg’s mind.
It was quite fortunate that Sherlock’s face, flushed with colour, was not visible to the man now reaching one arm clumsily toward the top of the tree. John placed the star on the tree at a strange angle, his hand coming down to slap at Sherlock’s hands.
A low laugh escaped his mouth, his tongue moistening his lips as he continued to notice the smallest details of Sherlock’s body: his ankles peeking from beneath his trousers, his thighs pressing against the seat's material, his partially-exposed collarbone.
“Plus,” he interrupted, “these aren’t necessarily to split evenly.”
me, Sherlock. You can’t just
:( SH
Sherlock went pale instantly, his eyes falling to the table. “Not important. Tell me more about yourself.”
“Oh, this handsome soldier boy. Obviously too old for me but it didn’t stop me. I waited hours for him outside his dorm with flowers. When he saw me there, he laughed... I cried.”
His left hand was resting gently on his upper right arm while the other cupped John's neck. The motion was tender and provoked further tears. Still, he kept his hand over his eyes, far too ashamed to reveal himself.
Was it quite normal to get dizzy, hearing music in the sound of a name? He should look into that.
“Alright, we've got it narrowed down to these two,” John sighed with resignation. He loved these movie nights but absolutely despised the selection process. “Miracle on 34th Street or Love Actually.”
Barely able to believe it, he realized her sensical deduction elevated his mood slightly. It was a promise of a not-entirely useless day.
Two years he had spent dreaming of returning to John. Of course the others- Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, his parents- had crossed his mind. But the thought of them, the memory of their laughter, nor the imagined reunion hadn’t been what sustained his life for two years.
Sherlock takes John through the streets of Cardiff to introduce him to the drummer
, John.” The words were a prayer. “And love is always better. You want to know how to walk away from the life you’ve planned on? You choose
They sat in silence, their bitter, lonely thoughts circling them until the jazz warped to something demented in the shadow of their sorrow.
“Greg told me about it. Friends spend time together and usually drinks are involved. Though that second part could be Greg’s bias talking.”
“Which part?” whispered Sherlock, terrified of the answer, even now.
Sherlock felt a rush of blood that he prayed stayed out of his cheeks. “What about him?” he shot, a bit too quickly with perhaps too much venom.
Blue. Yellow- though he couldn't think why.
“Client?” said Greg at an equally inappropriate volume.
Before he could reach Victor, Mycroft threw out an arm to halt his progress. He’d expected him to stop, perhaps to be surprised that he was being stopped from seeing his friend. To his own astonishment, however, the man simply continued to push against Mycroft’s protective arm as though it were nothing at all.
“John.” The candle was flickering innocuously on the table between them. Aromas of lilacs swam with a deluge of spices floating from the kitchen. The room was warm- too warm. “I love you.”
John owed everything to him: his survival, his stubborn hope, and now even his companionship with Sherlock.
“I’m not-” he started weakly, but his words fell flat between them as he searched for something in John’s eyes. He couldn’t be sure what he was looking for, but John was helpless to look away from him. Finally, a soft sigh escaped through lips thin with pressure and his arms fell from his chest to rest on the table.
“I love
k about it.
“All of it. Every bloody last thing.” Before he could stop it, the words cascaded out of him. “I’m sorry for blaming you for her death. I’m sorry for beating- God, am I sorry, Sherlock. I am
But now they had wandered the streets of Cardiff with no apparent purpose for too long and John would soon need treatment for hypothermia.
Sherlock stayed frozen, continuing to look at the man who was coming into focus now.
“Thank you,” he said with no emotion.
Sherlock’s face was completely blank and John was horrified. Why would Greg-
“Is that not all we’ve ever been?”
His good heart. His brilliant mind. His firm moral code.
to tell me how amazing I was.”
” were echoing in his own ears. The overpowering knowledge that John had just confessed the smallest portion of his regret to Sherlock felt freeing. He knew Sherlock understood. John had not been talking about Irene nor had Sherlock been thinking about her.
The two were sharing the seat, a mess of limbs entwined in this small, intimate space. Sherlock tightened his embrace around John’s chest, his face nuzzling violently into the wool of his jumper.
“I told you, John." His words were cold and distant. Mechanical. “There was mistletoe. We were undercover, it needed to look convincing.”
“Now we follow her. If you stay in here long enough, eventually she will leave from irritation and impatience-”
“No,” he had whispered to himself. “They were blue. Blue eyes with grey undertones, the common overcast sky bringing out the grey to resemble the heavens.”
Didn’t he?
He'd been wrong. There
He had a point.
“Look,” he said, exasperated. He turned on his heel and addressed a furiously perplexed Sherlock. “They’re cute, alright? People like cute things. Even if they’re not ‘practical.’ Sometimes ordinary people like to get things just because they're cute.”
“I can tell.” Then Sherlock shot him a smile so dazzling, he wasn’t surprised to find Philip at a loss of words.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, the word barely audible but strengthening Sherlock’s resolve. It was now, he knew it was. He needed to say it. Now.
Only the paralyzing fear prevented John from escaping this horror.
“Yeah, yeah,” John interrupted, waving a hand to dismiss his concerns. “Watch me.”
His beer was empty now. Why, then, were his nerves still bouncing around within him as though they were playing an endless game of Pong?
“Sherlock,” he repeated, his world teetering dangerously beneath him. His smile was gone, now. “What is on your back?”
I apologize again for the length. The next few may be a bit short since I have a hectic week ahead of me. I beg your forgiveness.
Or was he convinced of his own believability because he was so far gone?
The end of the road.
“Almost perfect,” said John, his arms extended above him as he reached to fix an ornament toward the top of the tree.
When the first rays of morning snuck through the thin curtains of the flat, Sherlock’s joints were awoken. Perhaps, even if John could not be the source of his orbit, he could fake it. His legs carried him numbly over the hardwood, the slapping sound of his feet like an echo of whips in his mind.
“Most people are gits,” Greg offered with a shrug.
God, he’d forgotten how handsome he was. It was the worst sort of realization that couldn’t be escaped. He couldn’t possibly
“You got any plans for the night?” asked John with attempted indifference, though Sherlock heard the loaded undertones.
Mycroft never seemed to suffer as he did and Sherlock would never be able to fathom how he simply shrugged off the jeers. His brother was a wall of cold, analytical indifference and he’d surely scoff at his baby brother if he saw the tears that fell from his eyes every night as he made no effort to stop them.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, allowing his eyes to acclimate to the darkness that was covering the flat before him. Slowly, black-and-white detail seeped into focus, revealing a plethora of items loaded with sensitive memories.
“No.”
“What the hell?” he shouts, and they were sincerely the only three words in the English language he could speak.
John turned toward the voice, his attention ripped from the assembling crowd in The Crescent. Philip stood with his hands behind his back, eyes lit from within with a polite curiosity.
He was a freak.
“Yeah. There’s a preliminary round in less than two months. One band from each county in Britain will be selected to continue on.”
“So Phil here told me about your band idea,” he announced and Philip shot a guilty glance to John for a reason he couldn’t fathom.
There was a time when 221B had felt so much like home, Sherlock could cry from the sense of belonging he’d felt there. That feeling was gone for a while. Namely, when John wasn’t there. His marriage. Their fallout.
“If you
Days dwindled into nights into weeks as John played Domestic Bliss with Mary.
Headcanon (on my own fic... is that a thing?): John was talking in his sleep and proposed to Sherlock. Inspired, Sherlock went out and bought a ring, confident beyond a doubt that John would say yes when he proposed. It was, after all, John who did it first. But alas, John didn't remember the dream and Sherlock was too embarrassed to explain what happened until several months later.
“Plus,” chimed John, “it’s gotta be lively. Tobias can’t pull that shit off.”
“Yeah?” John prompted without diverting his eyes from the newspaper that his eyes were raking.
In order for this to work, they had to be soldiers. Every single note, beat, and rest had to exude from the talented souls of men who served in the war. He could only hope that Philip was still playing. Actually, he could only hope that Philip was still alive at all.
When there was not immediately an answer, he rose his head again to find Sherlock’s eyes penetrating him.
It hurt. Living without him always hurt. But it hurt much less with something in his system.
None of these stories fabricating in his mind satisfied the evidence, however. His theories would only explain a couple months’ difference in accumulation. It was clear that someone had been in this room tampering with those areas for up to a year- perhaps longer- after Sherlock was believed to be dead.
His tears were upon the page, smearing select words to near un-recognition. The memory of his husband had been defiled in mere seconds with thoughtless carelessness.
Humiliation flooded through him. He shuffled on his feet and looked down at the rug beneath his feet just to have something to focus on that wasn’t Sherlock’s indifferent form dancing around the kitchen.
sneaky, isn't he?
With steadiness indicative of his years of training as a surgeon, he moved one hand around the waist of the man next to him while the other, abandoning its shield of his eyes, reached up to his shoulder. Lightly, he lifted his head and felt the resting cheek of the man above him fall unexpectedly before he caught himself.
His eyes flitted unbidden to the box beside him. Not the Iceman, but a snowman. Perhaps it wasn’t such a ridiculous idea.
John panicked. What was he going to say? He didn’t have anything to actually say, he just wanted to stop him leaving.
John’s fingers wrapped hesitantly around his pawn, certain he must claim the queen for his long-term safety.
No one in his life had called him brilliant before. He’d been called weird, freak, arsehole, smartarse, and any other number of cruel names. But brilliant? Not once.
“Watching you then, I met your night-shadowed eyes. The whole of the world froze save for us and one solitary snowflake. It fell rebelliously down from the heavens to assume its place on the tip of your nose.”
He was letting them all down.
John: I AM NOT GAY
. But here’s the real question: what is she doing flirting with that man when her husband is supposed to be missing?”
You’d be better off as a plumber. SH
Sherlock processed these words, absorbed them, and remained stoic toward Lestrade. He wasn’t sure what to make of this analysis. It was true that being with John made him happier. He did hold in retorts in an effort to be the sort of man John wanted him to be. But social and kind? Never.
“And your tonal shift when you hit ‘once I knew how wrong I had been’? God, Sherlock, that was
No. No, it wasn’t okay. Without realizing he’d made the decision, he was on his feet and throwing open his bedroom door. He felt as though he were floating toward his destination rather than stomping like a maniac in a manner that would surely offend the floorboards. Rounding the corner with his eyes on the prize, he spotted the light come to life under the doorway and a wave of newfound anger mounted in him. So Sherlock was awake. The brilliant, clever man definitely knew what this was about, too.
"You needn't worry," he said, waving a dismissive hand. "You're protected to the same extent."
His life was blue for so long, it was impossible to discern where red began to seep into it.
“Fancy a second round?” he asked immediately upon swallowing, and John could only nod.
“Someone easy,” John protested, frown present as he scanned her for anything to deduce.
,” whispered the voice in his head that commanded matters of his heart. “
“How did you-”
But he had an idea- just the beginnings of one. It would take a great deal of courage (which was truly not his forte), but desperate times called for desperate measures. And he was, indeed, desperate.
The new drink was placed before him so abruptly, the liquid within the glass sloshed out onto the table.
“Fine. But no tackling me this time.”
“Hey, can I cut your sleeve off?” he asked, looking anywhere but his eyes. They were the deepest oceans and John was ready to be crushed under their pressure.
“Hello Sh- Mr. Holmes,” she said, clearly uncomfortable. “You’re needed for the meet and greet upstairs.”
He pulled back the smallest amount to bite Sherlock’s upper lip, needing to act upon the urge he’d had all these years.
Sherlock’s head shot up, his eyes wide and his mouth dangling in a cartoonish “O”
Sherlock smiled with only half-forced sincerity and answered, “You were there, Gregory. John invited me.”
. His mind exhausted itself running through the same thoughts, the same rationale. But always it came to the same conclusion: this was Sherlock’s fault.
“Friday, December 28th. 8 o’clock. One hour set.”
John slammed the tray of shots down a bit more forcefully than perhaps was necessary. His nerves were ordering his hands to shake, his rational mind relieved when the clash didn’t appear to phase Sherlock in the slightest. He did, however, raise one eyebrow at him through his icy demeanour.
With the patience of a starving man awaiting dinner, John drummed his fingers along the wooden table he had seated himself at and eagerly anticipated the end of the band’s set. Time crawled so slowly, it was surely moving more slowly just to spite his thinning patience. After a small lifetime of waiting, the band finally made their way off the stage to a round of superficial applause from a distracted and ungrateful audience.
“They’re not paying for it,” Philip repeated, his eyes continuing their rapid scan of the same two or three lines that he was attached to. “That’s what this says: ‘Each member of the group/band/orchestra is to find the means to make the trip on their own account. MGM is not responsible for any portion of any travel expenses, up to and including reimbursement in the event that the group/band/orchestra wins it all.’”
As it turned out, the paint would stain the sheets with John’s art. His love for every portion of Sherlock Holmes would prove eternal.
They were a mess of limbs muttering complete nonsense, all eagerly proclaiming that they couldn’t believe they’d done so well.
“Yeah.”
“I think,” John said, voice muffled as the words were spoken into Sherlock’s chest, “this is the most extraordinary stag night in history.”
But he didn’t want to.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“Any good?” He asked, voice tense with forced casual
“Oh! You have a song!”
When Sherlock returned empty-handed, John’s eyebrows stitched together. “Why’d you take my cup if you weren’t getting me a refill?”
“Ah, so you’re Gregory Lestrade Junior?”
Sherlock thought for a long time and the only sound of the dark city was their feet upon the ground, perfectly in sync with one another. When he spoke, it was soft and melodious on the wind, words that would ingrain themselves into John’s mind for years to come: “I sincerely and genuinely had fun tonight.”
Victor whispering the words to him. When he could deduce that Victor had taken a break from writing the letter, he paused to imagine what caused the distraction. He noted the two-no three- tone shifts that could mark Victor’s temporary journeys away from the letter.
In a swift motion, he rose from his seat and took John in his arms. The man’s arms wrapped around him affectionately, his cheek nuzzling gently against Sherlock’s beating heart.
“Thanks.”
“It’s about the day that- that he died.” This surprised Sherlock, his eyes flying wide. Apparently, he was realizing that what was about to come was a revolution. He looked scared, trepid.
Manoeuvre around the truth. He was always manoeuvring around the truth.
John’s eyes fell to the ground, his feet shuffling. “Yeah?”
“Er-” John looked bewildered, his own eyes darting several times between Sherlock and the hallway he’d just come out of. There was a key placed on a nearby stand, a heavy duffle bag slung over John’s shoulder, and a tension in the air so thick, it might suffocate them both. “Need me to kill another spider, mate?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then let’s meet him.”
The waitress stood dumbstruck looking at the man, affronted at the coat in her hands and the order barked at her. She said nothing in response, murder in her eyes as she dragged her feet away.
As always, John did a quick scan of the coffee shop for anybody who could potentially be “Redbeard.” None of the individuals were promising candidates: two women and one man sat in chairs around him. None of them with red hair, a red beard, or any other indication of interest in John’s presence.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” he continued, unable to refrain a smile that warped the brightness of his song when John continued his harmonization. “
I wouldn't have asked for your help otherwise. SH
In the meantime, Sherlock presumed it was a safe practice to assume the opposite of every word that came from John’s mouth. So far, it seemed to be working.
John said nothing but immediately refocused on the stitches and willed silence once more. This time, he was able to finish the job and stopped to inspect his work to ensure every precision and ensure that every step was taken to avoid scarring.
him- would never love him.
Finally, so softly Sherlock almost couldn’t believe he heard it, John said, “I don’t ever want to let go of you. I rather think I could stay like this forever.”
about!”
Philip had been seventeen years old when it first occurred to him that he didn’t like girls. He recalled the moment in vivid detail, the moment his entire world was shattered beneath him in a kaleidoscope of scintillating colour:
unrelated to this chapter, but there is a bit starting at 1:38 and ending at 2:18 that is related. I'm not going to link it yet because there are portions of the song that will be referenced in upcoming chapters and we don't want spoilers. ;)
He didn’t know why, couldn’t explain one ounce of his fury. Nevertheless, it remained.
The touch was innocuous, benevolent, untroubled, and completely Earth-shattering. Their collective heat fused them together, their connection cemented with this one, innocent link. With their drinks forgotten, the world around them halted, and reality melted away, they sat utterly transfixed by one another.
-” injected Philip, indignant.
“And he prevented you from entering the war?”
“John.” His name cut through the panic, focus aligning slowly on the vibrant eyes searching him from across the table. “It’s fine.” His voice was calm, sincere. “We don’t need to talk about him.” He was criminally beautiful. “I only thought of myself when I asked.”
Ahh, you didn't think sweet Philip would last, did you? Don't worry, he's just jealous.
No one answered. No one could.
Help? Sherlock asked you for help? With what?
Who was this strange, unpredictable man? Defender of the underestimated, brilliantly able to know things he can’t possibly know, and widower of a secret, illegal marriage?
Through it all, John felt the tug of a smile on his cheeks. “School?”
John. John Watson. Dr. John Watson. The one and only love he would ever know.
It was a contradiction with no end. On one hand, Sherlock was cold and cruel, vicious and unmistakably flippant with the emotions of others. On the other hand, Sherlock was wounded and secretive, his actions seemingly at odds with whatever emotions (if any) he experienced.
Unconsciously, John licked his lips, his eyes scanning Sherlock’s for even the slightest hint of insincerity. He, of course, found none. Never had words been uttered with more sincerity than the words of love spoken from Sherlock Holmes to John Watson.
,” she cooed, sparkling eyes brimming with compassion. “Anyhow, I do think it’s about time you got out, began a new chapter and filled it with thrilling adventures.”
The preliminary contest was held across town from John’s flat in a regal building meant for people of moderate to extreme stardom to perform in. Surely none of them ever believed they would be performing on this stage in Cardiff.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tomorrow's prompt: Peace
No. Not here. Not now.
“Greg, would you happen to know the reason behind John’s chronic insomnia?” asked Sherlock cooly after several moments spent fixing John under an icy stare.
“With or without you, Inspector.”
The words were screaming to get out, pounding at the door of his vocal chords, but still, they came out slowly, almost not coming out at all. “I think I cannot let go, John. You should know… you’ve connected me with happiness such as I have never known. You’ve surrounded me, filling my life with color and joy I may never know again.”
And Lord knew he needed one right now- a drink. He could feel the beloved numbing sensation of his pre-show whisky wearing off, the edges of the world approaching him with razor-sharp threats. His fingers were already itching for the cool touch of glass upon his fingertips. As the impacts of his last drink made its exit, the images, scent, and sounds of that damned camp began to overwhelm him in slow, brutal waves of recollection. If he didn’t feel the burning liquid flow down his throat within the next fifteen minutes, he was liable to crumble to the ground where he stood.
“I think that would be a wonderful idea,” John said simply. Something plummeted within Sherlock. It was short and cruel, a quick declination of Sherlock’s attempted advances. John was clearly trying to keep his face a calm mask as his words rapidly shot down nearly every hope residing within Sherlock’s heart, which had grown so large, the deflation of it was all the more painful. “Sherlock, I… fancy you a great deal.”
He met the scanning eyes of Sherlock again, and he knew he would receive no prompt to begin. Quietly clearing his throat, he looked up at the ceiling as if the answers would be right above him, able to be gasped and presented to achieve resolution.
The thought arose so violently, John was sick with the abruptness of it. It was ridiculous, of course. It was far more likely that he was distant because the two were, in retrospect, strangers. But the two words rang in his head getting louder and louder.
” they chorused.
“John!” floated a familiar voice beside him. John turned to his left and saw Greg several seat over, eyes glazed over with the familiar influence of the drink in his hand. “Mate, you’re doing a good thing here. You know that?”
“Oh, don’t worry,” he said casually. “I know my way around the underbelly of Cardiff.”
“But why?”
It played all the time. The tune was easy, he could have done better with it. Yet the song’s promotion of life’s return to normalcy was inescapable and a perfectly ironic background tune to his struggle. Surely he wasn’t alone. Surely the others were suffering. Surely even Victor’s widow-
The silence- it was his version of the lie of omission, a loophole that involves only holding back his real self.
” the voice in his head asked, puzzled and stumped.
,” John groaned, wracking his brain for a fact- two of them- that would satisfy him. “I’ve always dreamed of living in the heart of London.”
The relief was dominant for just one fleeting moment before relief was crushed beneath the weight of an immense wave of anger.
“If you’ll excuse me, gentlemen and gentlemen,” declared Lestrade dramatically, “I’ve got a dame out there who is positively
“And how do you know the lot of them?”
Raise your hand if you caught all the references to "confessions" here!
And he felt a proper idiot to have thought anything resembling a friendship could have been blooming outside of their common connection in Victor.
“What?”
It played in his head like a movie: John would see him, would
Sigh. Okay, I swore this ficlet collection would be all fluff and yet here we are again: at the corner of Angst Avenue and Crying Boulevard.
“One more: tell me you really meant every word you’ve ever said.”
Shoot. How long had he stood there, silently staring with a stupid grin on his face? Rapidly, words stumbling with the speed he was trying to get them out, “Where are my manners? This is Sherlock Holmes," he said addressing the four men before him. "Sherlock, this is the band- minus Greg, who’s-”
Tobias sighed heavily, his eyes rolling as he said “Alright, then. Let’s run it.”
But Sherlock had been her favourite student when she taught the high school classes and he used the word he swore he’d never say (“please”) so she allowed it.
truth. For example, he was able to simply tell his brother to shut up when he was being unbearably imperious. Commandments, after all, were neither truth nor falsehood; they were simply orders.
“Why should I believe you?” croaked Sherlock from a voice uneven with untold emotion.
(ALSO, a technical note: I have done extensive research in preparation for this fic. A portion of my research focused on terminology for gay people in the 1940s. According to my research,
“It does honour them,” urged Sherlock. “It’s supposed to reflect the wartime experience but it’s still gotta be worthy of the movies.”
Greg, who always seemed to be the first to recognize when Tobias was joking, snorted as he laughed.
“Why, then?” he asked after some time.
As always, find me on Tumblr:
Enjoy!
He knew three profound truths: He loved Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes loved him, and nothing in the whole universe would ever pull them apart.
More than that, Sherlock simply fancied having John around. It was a companionship he didn’t intend to rely on so heavily. John never once truly believed in the blackness of Sherlock Holmes. He saw through the mask of brilliant emptiness and saw something more: the ordinary man within the extraordinary mind.
“Fair point.” The words were a terrified whisper before his eyes fluttered closed and they met each other in a wildly desperate kiss.
, okay?”
This is an angsty (
They made small talk for the shortest of times, exchanging their branches and ranks. John was wholly unsurprised to find that his guess had been correct: Sholto was a Marine. However, he was also a Major. A picture on the mantle displayed a fairly pretty woman with two children beside her. Sholto confessed they were his children and John wondered why he sounded so distant about the fact. His words were not impolite, his body language not standoffish, yet John could read him as well as a novel written in a foreign language he didn’t speak. There was an undercurrent of Sholto’s withholding, but every soldier seemed to be hiding the depth of their suffering.
John deserves something better than what these tasteless associates could recommend. SH
Sherlock smiled, his mouth curled into a subtle curve. “I’m glad to hear it. And you’ve got a date?”
“But wh-”
“I am,” said Sherlock sourly.
“Okay,” John said slowly, trying to keep up.
In response, Sherlock heaved a great sigh that mingled with a groan. He cast his eyes to the ceiling for a drawn-out moment, deep breaths raising his chest. After a show of wrangling his patience, he met John’s eyes once more and said in a low voice, “Please.”
John smiled while Tobias let out a low chuckle and said, “Yeah, that’s him.”
“We?”
He trailed off pathetically, forcing himself to avoid the quizzical look directed toward him.
“No- I’m not-
He’d thought that John was just like him, helpless against the prison of lying. He’d thought John’s silence was his method of coping- and it was. But what if his prison was not the same as Sherlock’s?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then you can’t be hurt,” finished Lestrade with a serious nod.
, they were best friends. He was John’s one shining light to provide him with guidance through hell.
“We fucking did it,” said Greg, jumping a bit and surprising the lot of them when he ran to grip Sherlock impossibly close in a tight hug. “You were fucking brilliant, Sherlock. You were fucking amazing.”
Where are you? SH
“We’re performing in about a week and a half,” he said quickly, words stumbling across one another in their race to escape. “Since you found us Wiggins… Do you want to come watch?”
An insulted scoff. “What is their exact function?”
“Ah,” whispered John, understanding flooding him. Scared. He was scared. “You know, alcohol can help with that sort of thing.”
The door swung open easily underneath the pressure of his hand, a light jangle accompanying the motion of the yielding door. The rush of warm air caused a prickle of pleasure along his frozen cheekbones- the chilly February air had been unforgiving on his unprotected skin. The inside was comfortable, vintage chairs littered in isolated corners for individuals while sturdy, worn tables were positioned every couple feet for varying sizes of groups. So early in the morning, the place was mostly quiet with two people in line, a couple tucked away on their own in the corner, and one older gentleman sitting in a seat close to the entrance reading the newspaper in peace.
And yet he re-played the moments. And replayed more moments. And replayed every moment with John Watson until he was content to live in his false reality for all of time. Now, though, as he heard John open and close his closet somewhere in the distant reality, he was trapped reliving the night- the one which had ruined everything.
He clapped him on the back with his signature grandeur and asked, “What are you doing here, mate?”
Such an event occurred to John the moment he rose from his table after listening to Sherlock’s instructions. All at once, the floor beneath him was tilting, his focus shifting in kaleidoscopic patterns.
“Alright,” he said, clearing his throat even though it wasn't needed and shifting in his seat even though he wasn’t uncomfortable. He would see right through him. “I was wondering… how are you married? It’s illegal to even
You, half-way through this fic: "okay but what does any of this have to do with a feast?"
“Her? That woman? You’re certain?” Sherlock asked rapidly, suddenly intense, suddenly leaning in.
He interrupted him by making a great show of putting down his menu, sweeping his hands together to create a temple that touched his nose. His eyes were set on John then, and under the intensity, John found he would have preferred the indifference he had shown before.
“Afternoon,” he murmured, excitement leaving him with great speed to be replaced by overactive anxiety. He rose his right hand to look at his watch, realizing with dread that he was far too early. 17 minutes early, to be exact.
“Are you two ready to order or do you need a few more moments to decide?”
“Yes,” he said quite unconvincingly. Then he did look up, a layer of his icy demeanour seeming to melt away before him. “I need to thank you, John.”
There were so many points John wanted to argue or question, but he settled on, “What are you saying?”
We're officially through most of the soundtrack this story is based on. Please see the endnotes for a Spotify link to which songs can now be safely listened to.
To took some time for him to snap himself out of it. When the cold caught up with him, he shook his head and turned to go home.
“Brilliant.”
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
TW: alcohol/alcoholism
The diming spring light cascaded through the half-curtained arched windows, the delicate light casting the romantic atmosphere that was exactly why John had chosen this place.
John. Here. John. Not an illusion. John.
The detective said nothing for a long while as he assumed a comfortable position in his chair. After some time, Sherlock responded in a voice so soft, John’s ears were straining to hear it. “I reckon you have had enough, John. I don’t want you to… say anything you’ll regret.”
A quiet “hmm” escaped Sherlock before he turned back to the door, his hand turning the knob.
“Are these-” he started with a hoarse voice.
“I say we go through a standard next- as our final song” he declared, eyes dancing to and away from Sherlock as he addressed the rest of them. “What do you think, Sherlock? Wanna join?”
Two months previous, when the two of them had begun their tumultuous affair of the heart, Sherlock had whispered between desperate kisses that he wished to take the physical relationship slowly. John had incorrectly assumed the request was born from a distaste for sex and agreed with no hesitation. He didn’t need Sherlock’s body to love him. He just needed him.
Sherlock: ah he's GAY!
He checked the paper against the numbers on the building and felt his heart skip a beat when he saw, finally, the appropriate numbers on a modest house framed with delicate flowers and an immaculate lawn. After half-jogging up to the door, he threw his knuckles across the finished wood thrice, pulse racing through him.
“It won’t,” he vowed solemnly.
“Fine,” he groaned, pretending to rise reluctantly. “But you owe me.”
“That was The Dwight Anson Band, ladies and gentleman,” came an Irish accent with a lilting tone to John’s half-deaf ears. “What a sizzling tune that was, if I may say so myself. I can’t say for sure, but this contest may have just been sewn up, what do you think, Archie?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John debated the merits of arguing this logic but instead asked, “And what can you tell me about this drummer of yours?”
“I rather think not, she’s working paycheck-to-paycheck and wouldn’t risk the dip in the tip.”
“How the devil did you know-”
“No,” he snapped, flushing with colour that was stark on his icy cheeks. “I am perfectly capable of paying for my own coffee.”
https://itsalwaysyou-jw.dreamwidth.org/
In many ways, he’d already failed.
“What do you mean?” he accused pointedly. How many toes does one really needed, anyway?
Every single room in this specific corridor was a time Sherlock could have- and should have- allowed himself to express his interest in John Watson. Every single time he stayed silent in reality and regretted that silence, he placed the memory here to revisit. To fix his mistakes.
Philip’s negative sentiments were clearly shared as the collective motions were minutely tensed.
It was John who answered. “Remember Moriarty’s nicknames for you both?” When Mycroft looked at him quizzically, John hurriedly added “Sherlock told me. Anyway, you two were the Iceman and the Virgin, right?”
“Er- nevermind,” mumbled Sherlock, his feet shuffling away in response to his brain’s demand to escape before he could be bullied again.
If you're interested, follow me on Tumblr:
hate Greg.
Yet over the course of the weeks leading up to Christmas, John was not oblivious to the number of appearances the sweater made in their flat. It seemed a nearly nightly guest of theirs and John relished the sight. He knew Sherlock recalled his words, knew that he wore if especially for John.
: having the quality of purity, cleanliness, and innocence.
“So far, just you. I still need a bass, a couple of horns, and a drummer. You know anybody? Young, good looking- like us?” he said the last words at the ground, pretending not to notice his friend’s head snap up in surprise.
The falsehood of it was raucous in the uncomfortably still room.
A right and proper love letter to Sherlock from John.
Sherlock seemed taken aback and proceeded more slowly. “I mean… I just meant- Sorry. Would you prefer to know which of your friends is gay?”
Sherlock scoffed, his eyes rolling in response. “Of course you do. You bought it.”
It's been two weeks since the evening Sherlock had confided in John their shared affliction. After the night ended in utter confusion for John, things between him and Sherlock are tense and John is desperate to repair their bond.
A super short one! Please forgive me, I had to write this one during a roadtrip and ran out of time.
Philip’s life would have been so much easier if he could have continued to live in denial. It was a thought that would come frequently to him since his heart was a damned fool. His heart didn’t understand what his brain knew far too well: there could be no realization of any desire he held. Ever.
“I always know.” Sherlock wore a sly smile, his eyes never leaving the spot before him that was, John assumed, their destination. “You want a drink?”
“Oh Mary, I am so sorry to hear that.”
Scepticism painted his face, his lip working under his teeth as he considered the proposal.
itsalwaysyou-jw.dreamwidth.org/
that isn't a lot, but I only have one other work with that many. So I have a proposition for you all:
“Sherlock-” John begged, uncertain of what he could possibly say that would help any of this.
John stopped, a file of messy papers held in his hands, hair a tumble and face confused. “What are you on about? I’m nearly fifteen minutes early.”
he knows things. He reaches conclusions naturally and easily and sometimes struggles to explain how he made those conclusions. It's slightly different from BBC Sherlock, where his process is explained more clearly and he always has the process of observations to conclusions. This fic draws upon both methods equally but ACD canon is the basis for a portion of Sherlock's deductions in this chapter. :)
God, John would rather be anywhere in the world than this damned room. Beige walls were illuminated with dreary fluorescents, the isolated silence vibrating with the raucous crowd around him. The contrast of the excited energy outside and lifeless despair inside was startling.
Just John. There was not anything out of the ordinary, per se, except everything about John was extraordinary. In his exceptional being, John was absolutely perfect.
(See the end of the chapter for
The boys board the train for London leading up to the night before the competition. When John accompanies Sherlock to his hotel after a hypnotizing night, desire threatens to overwhelm them both.
Warning for mentions of past homophobia.
“Meaning?”
“Show me,” he commanded because he knew there was no forgetting the touch that was lingering like pinpoints on the pads of his fingers.
“Perfectly.”
He cursed his own inability to get the words out. Was he going to allow this strained, half-friendship to exist simply because he was unable to articulate the depth of his own emotions?
John didn't respond but smiled down the piece in his hand. After a moment of contemplation, John walked gleefully over to their tree, magnificent in size and adorning a glorious array of ornaments, lights, and garland. He put the star in his right hand, used his left hand to steady himself against the wall, and stretched himself to reach the top of their unassuming tree.
He fell instep beside Sherlock and the other man rotated to face the same direction, leading the way to whichever restaurant would possibly serve food at this hour. “You know, you owe me more than money for those drinks.”
Admitting the fact, even to himself, made him indubitably cranky.
“Jeepers,” he groaned, his other hand rising to rub at his eyes. “Feeling those shots now.”
And it brought to his mind the all-important question. Was he enjoying himself?
He must find Victor Trevor's spouse: Sherlock Holmes.
His large, inquisitive eyes drooped slightly but their intent remained laser-focused. “Hmm,” he hummed in response, raising his glass to take yet another drink.
Sherlock closed his eyes, breathing in the brisk air, the wind caressing his cheeks and tossing his curls aside. He stood now beside the Arun River as it coursed seamlessly on its way to bigger and better things and he tried to filter out the white noise of chatter behind him as people enjoyed their food and company at the Riverside Tea Room a bit down the way from the riverbank he stood upon. He focused on his spot and, eyes closed, imagined the scene: there was Laura. She had come down to the river, had stood here and done… something.
It has been said that with age comes patience. Others have said that with age comes great wisdom. John Watson, however, was able to refute both of those claims with confident certainty. For there were many words that you could use to describe John Watson: brave, for one, and defiant for another. And although he was, indeed, ageing, he could not be described as patient nor wise.
Without another word, Sherlock closed the cab and stumbled up the stairs to find John in his chair. Although he was initially chuffed at Sherlock for running off somewhere without telling him, his mood quickly changed. It was with a smile that John asked in complete disbelief whether Sherlock was drunk.
“If you aren’t interested in dating, why were you hanging out alone outside a gay bar?”
“It’s- What are you talking about? It’s black.”
“We know,” interrupted Greg, smiling. “We know, mate. It’s not going to get any better than it is right now. Don’t worry.”
“Just a couple of days, sir,” he muttered, desperate to avoid even one more discussion with any living soul about the God damned war. “The place looks great.”
“So,” said Sherlock slowly and he knew that Sherlock was feeling uncomfortable as well. Why had John thought this would be a good idea? “Would you like to know which of your band members was a prisoner of war?”
Gratitude bloomed inside John’s chest, Sherlock’s words reassuring an ancient part of his tired soul.
John pulled away quite suddenly, the motion causing a sharp panic to rise in Sherlock. But he simply pulled away enough to look into Sherlock’s eyes, his hands remaining delicately on Sherlock’s chest, fingers softly dancing along the sensitive skin.
His mouth formed suction along his neck as he traversed downward and John threw his head back to revel in the sensation. Each suction was an untold pleasure, each kiss resulting in a grumble of encouragement.
The rest of the song's lyrics is intentionally not included. I urge you
Immediately. SH
“Here you go,” John said, extending the paper to Sherlock enthusiastically. “All the information you need is on there. But listen, I gotta hit the road.”
John did not know how long he stood in that entryway. It could have been several long minutes but it also could have been several hours. Time didn’t matter, not when such heartbreak was rearing its head within him.
The rest of the letters remained at the foot of the bed. Sherlock didn’t want to read them- not now and not ever. What could they possibly say that would make any of this better? No, they could only bring worse guilt and regret. He was certain that if he felt any worse, his body would surely crumble in on itself.
John seemed to appreciate the motion, planting several sleepy kisses along Sherlock’s neck in response. Without reason, without warning, the burning of tears returned to his eyes. He allowed himself, now, after hours of staring, to close his eyes. He rested his chin on top of John’s head, the scent of him making Sherlock feel as though he was drunk on love.
“Trust me,” John yearned, taking a step closer to his old friend. He sought eye contact and noticed something wary in Philip that wasn’t there before. He spoke quickly, words tripping over one another in an effort to get them out to his friend’s hesitant ears. “I have a plan: there’s this contest on the radio- a band competition.. A band from each county in Britain will be chosen to compete in London to perform a song to honour returned soldiers. The winner gets to be in a movie musical. I intend to put together a band of veterans, I know we can win.”
“No.”
,” whispered Norman to the girl next to him. Norman was a regular bully for Sherlock, but he felt a sudden rage that this mockery was redirected toward this undeserving boy.
John had arrived to this rehearsal a million miles above the world, filled to the breaking point with exuberant glee. He’d never been more excited to present a piece of music, proud beyond words of Sherlock for having composed such a flawless tune.
“This is gross,” said Sherlock absently with a crease between his brows.
Sherlock groaned and slammed his fist on the table in a show of frustration that scared John into removing his hands from their shared table. “I saw you. You looked miserable and awkward and I could tell you were going to leave soon but I wanted to talk to you. I knew you were debating it and I knew you would leave. I knew you’d never see me or hear me in that mess of a club. So I just... waited outside.”
https://archiveofourown.org/users/Mads_Ansley
Finger’s clenching, itching for something to do, his mind raced with thoughts of calling her, leaving under an invisibility cloak, pretending he was here alone this whole time, or finding her suddenly before him, a gush of apologies escaping her as she explained her tardiness. The last would be preferable, a visual show for those darting eyes accusing him of the truth. If she showed up now, even now, he would not need to do anything other than accept the silent recognition of error from those who had judged or pitied him.
Sherlock
“Doctor John Watson. You served time in Afghanistan- could have been Iraq, but we’re playing with the balance of probability here. Specifically, you were an army doctor- an army surgeon. You spent several years serving before being medically discharged for a gunshot wound to your shoulder. During your time in the military, you had an experience- possibly a feeling but more likely physical- with another man that helped you come to terms with your sexuality. You’ve long repressed that side of you though, which is how you find yourself a man in his late thirties trying to find out how he fits into his sexuality. You live alone, haven’t shaved in two days, haven’t slept well in months, and you pretend to want a peaceful life but yearn for action.”
is good enough to win. Not to mention, it’s the only option we have.”
Lestrade can barely believe it. Sherlock Holmes: happy. With a new... friend?
“Damn it,” he finished, his voice brimming with anger but his face betraying his disappointment. “You need to do it.”
Sherlock moved through the wreckage of tables before settling on one table in the furthest corner. His long body moved into the booth with his back facing John. It was more than likely that this was a mistake, but the thought of those beautiful eyes facing the wall opposite him sent jolts through his body and he was helpless to resist the pull.
“If you don’t mind me saying so, I’d say that was the most captivating performance of the day. How about the voice on that Sherlock Holmes? Perhaps we should-”
John’s lips, more gentle than he could ever have imagined, were firm and knowing on his own and Sherlock relished it. There was a safety in it, the knowledge that he could give himself completely over and not worry about getting lost; he had John Watson.
Once again, thank you so much to everybody who is reading, subscribing, kudo-ing, and commenting. I appreciate and adore each and every single one of you. You provide me with endless motivation. 💖
“John,” he corrected.
Redbeard was a pseudonym that seemed to match a man’s persona. Yet the writing was loopy and neat. Based on that, the balance of probability said that they were a woman.
He downed the first shot, the familiar burn making its way down his throat. He picked up the second and took it as well, maintaining eye contact with an incredulous Sherlock.
She didn’t. “I mean, it’s kinda sad. This place has been home for, like, four whole years.”
“I look forward to it, Sherlock.”
It wasn’t enough.
“Captain John Watson,” introduced Sherlock, his hand brazenly gesturing to where John stood uncomfortably extending his hand to Wiggins who, instead of shaking his hand, just stared at him with a half smile. John dropped his hand uncomfortably when Sherlock continued, “John here is in need of your talents on drums for his band.”
In way of answering, Sherlock turned his head toward him and stitched his eyebrows together to show curiosity.
The room was too dark, now- too cold. The place felt empty and interwoven with his discomfort. The dingy light was pressure on his aching soul and he longed for the relief that was Sherlock’s arms. Why-
Sherlock shrugged and John thought- or hoped- that he wasn’t the only one feigning a casual air. “I had nothing else going on.”
He leaned his head back again the headrest of his old, peeling chair. If only he could sleep for two hours, he would be refreshed. Surely he could just rest his eyes, just doze off a bit-
“Yeah,” he conceded after some time in silence. “37th division.”
“Jesus. That must have been holy hell.”
Sherlock sighed, an evident sign of exasperation. “Because despite what you believe, you and I have a great deal in common. And I… enjoy your company when you possess the right temperament.”
“You know, I’d be offended, but I actually agree,” said Greg.
“Don’t be sorry,” said John with a light shake of his head. “Be better.”
Caring is not an advantage and now he will never be sober.
“Oi,” snapped Sherlock, looking downright offended at his question. “Don’t call him that.”
“But he hasn’t served,” said Philip sternly. “That’s our thing, right? All veterans.”
“Regular socks do that too.”
“Right,” said John, trying desperately not to allow his excitement to show. “Can you tell me who they are?”
To burn his own heart would mean to burn John. His heart was not his own.
The man’s lips moved to kiss the corner of his mouth, traveling along his jaw, and down his neck. John’s veins were singing with joy, blood rushing to his face and pelvis in uncontrolled pleasure.
John Watson is everything the colour represented.
he reached his conclusions. But he wanted to make this boy- this kind boy- even happier so he attempted to reach through his racing thoughts and grab the one that reasoned why it was a brother.
to Sherlock. Something that he’d never seen in Victor.
“She’s broke and trying to hide it. Her friends don’t know- she’s trying to maintain her place in society.”
His eyes shot up, scrutinizing John for signs he was misunderstanding the words.
,” moaned Sherlock with increasing volume. His hands were knots in John’s hair, though he suspected he didn’t know he was doing it.
“But you-” he protested with closed eyes.
“A feature in an upcoming film. A legacy that will outlive us all.”
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com (writing/Johnlock blog)
Turning on his heels, he strode off through the mud-laden riverside and thought of nothing but the case. Gears still racing through possibilities, he walked mindlessly to the Amberley Castle, a four-star hotel northeast of himself with stunning views and luxury rooms laden with oversized tubs, 1,000 thread count Egyptian cotton bedding, and a rustic medieval exterior. His brother was sponsoring his trip, after all. He’d stayed there the previous nights, positive each time that it would be his last in this place.
“Do you like it?” Sherlock asked, excitement ringing through his voice. His arms gestured around them and John needed to take a moment to answer.
221B Baker Street wasn’t his home. It never was. His home was, is, and always will be John Watson.
“Fine,” said Sherlock with poorly-controlled sourness. The word was clipped, curt with an emotion John couldn’t pretend to understand. It seemed an eternity that they stood there in silence, the both of them with every defence up and unable to move forward.
(He set him up. On purpose. Because he saw the guy staring and knew Philip needed an excuse to go initiate contact.)
“So…” he prompted, still waiting to hear why Sherlock was in his flat.
“And you guessed that it meant…” he paused, eyes tightening in thought, “that meant they weren’t bought for me.”
The silence was thick, a pressure upon him that exposed his every nerve. Had he really been so desperate for another night out that he’d shown up to a band practice 17 minutes early?
It all started exactly 32 days earlier.
“Yes, Wiggins, best to shut your mouth now.”
“Where are we going, anyway?” he asked after some time spent walking in silence. The December air was biting his cheeks, shoulders shaking with cold. When he’d gone up to Sherlock’s flat, Sherlock had blinked several times at him upon seeing his ensemble, inquiring whether John would be better off wearing a jacket in this bitter weather. The truth was that he didn't own a jacket that wasn't military issued. Instead of admitting that he was too poor to afford a jacket that he hadn’t killed somebody in, he joked that a jacket would throw off his style.
The sight before him was so extraordinary, John could neither believe nor understand it.
But now Victor was dead and perhaps Mycroft should blame himself for having obliged Victor's ridiculous, fatal request.
He was magnificent. John was reminded forcibly just how bisexual he was. The form of the man was stunning and he wanted to stare for ages and ages and ages but somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew his stillness and inaction in retrieving his art supplies made it seem as though he were uncomfortable. He wasn’t, but he hated that people might think it so he put every effort into acting normal, retrieving his pad and paper.
“Are her pearls… real?”
“I maintain that our meeting was chance and nothing more,” started Holmes, and Watson fought against a scowl. “But I do believe a mind like mine would have found a heart like yours one way or another.”
All the discussion of Victor’s partner and never once had he used any indication of gender. The conversations ran through his head on repeat in dizzying circles until John was mad with the repetitions.
For he knew beyond doubt that any love held by John- any love confessed in this letter Sherlock was holding in his frail hands- was long departed. The confession would crush Sherlock, he knew it would.
“Are you?” Sherlock inquired, his voice thick with infuriating superiority. “I thought you were in the ar
His thoughts continued in this circle until he was dizzy with them.
Sherlock Holmes’ rather than make him an official member.” He looked at Sherlock with an arched eyebrow to ensure this was an acceptable arrangement and saw him nod in agreeance. “How’s that, Philip? Better?”
(👀looking @ you, series 4👀)
Sherlock appeared to think about the question for some time before his eyes connected once more with John’s. “That would be you, primarily.”
“Right,” Sherlock said when John’s anger simmered in silence for too long. His long legs carried him away and the sound of his retreating feet trotting down multiple steps awakened John’s voice.
A plan bloomed in his mind then. A plan so egregious, so painful to imagine, he created a stipulation: he would attempt, once more, to talk to Sherlock before acting quite so rashly.
“No,” Sherlock said severely, his head snapping to John’s. His face was soft, eyes wide and sparkling and sincere. “I can thank
It was hard to maintain his sour attitude, however, when Sherlock told him a joke that resulted in his beverage exiting through his nose.
“I disagree,” John simply responded with finality.
And there was John, alone in a silent, unfeeling world, caught in between reliving his worst nightmare and living through a brand new one.
“You’re up after this next band. Care to follow me to the green room?”
“Come on, mate,” he said.
Thank you for reading! One more to go.
“I prefer to text,” he said, though he had no preference either way.
Sherlock’s smile shone like the sun upon John, filling him with a pleasant warmth. “Excellent, Watson. What else do you see?”
“Piss off,” John laughed.
As always, find me on Tumblr:
“Which measure?” Greg called in response, surprisingly serious.
In light of his confession the night before, John must find a way to reconcile the future he'd imagined with the one he now faces; a future without Sherlock.
Let me just say, from the bottom of my heart: my bad.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oi, mate, come on.” Greg’s tone was uncharacteristically vicious, pain causing a hoarse quality like sandpaper to his voice. “Of course we want to be in the movies and win this contest. But it sure as fuck is not worth what Johnny here is asking.”
“Stop interrupting me!” burst John, his infatuation fading at the blatant disrespect. “I am grateful for what you are doing, but you can’t say you’re trying to help and then choose to talk to me like I’m stupid.” John’s mouth formed a hard line, his hands both forming fists until his fingernails hurt from digging into his skin.
And suddenly all the pieces fit together. He must have won some sort of contest, or been dragged along by a friend. He wasn’t here because he paid or because he wanted to be; he was here because he was obligated to be.
It was the most peculiar thing to see Sherlock look as perplexed as John felt. He seemed surprised by John’s reaction as though his words weren’t the originating source of such a reaction. Painted on his face was alarm mingled with confusion as he continued, “I- I’m sorry. What- I don’t have to tell you.” He was scrambling for words, scrambling for a dry place on a ship that was sinking. “I was trying to think of something to say and I panicked- clearly I chose incorrectly, I-”
It is the 30th of January 2010 and Sherlock has three fears:
John’s mouth was inexplicably dry. “How did you know that I-”
“I reckon things are starting to feel normal again, yeah? Back to singing? Just like it was before?”
for allowing me to permit…” John heaved a sigh. “Thanks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” he corrected passively. “And you’re James?”
He’d been at uni for three years now with no problems. But it’d been years since they’d seen this sort of rainfall and John’s normal route to his art classroom was completely useless. Unable to traverse it, he’d sought an alternate route that only succeeded in making him late to his class.
“Hi-de-ho,” he said, voice smooth as silk and rich as honey. His accent was… American? “I was wondering how many times I’d have to toss you a look before you came over. Fancy a drink?”
“Why?” drawled Sherlock.
His voice cracked while the request escaped him, so terrified of the response before the words were even out. John had remained motionless, transfixed by his words until the request came out. He blinked furiously, lips pursing into a hard line as he broke eye contact with Sherlock.
Mycroft never changed his status.
They crossed the stage, ingrained instincts causing them to, once again, fall into a march to their positions on stage as the previous band shuffled off and the woman announcer of the radio program could be heard as the backing track for their journey.
Anyone catch the classic "peng-wing" reference?
to someone of the same sex. And Sherlock was… a man? But wasn’t Sherlock a girl’s name? He never had heard it, he supposed. A unique name for a unique woman, he’d thought.
“How do you know something’s wrong?” In way of response, Sherlock rolled his eyes and arched one eyebrow as high as he could. The result was an exuberant laugh from Victor that reverberated through his soul. “Oh, right. Stupid question.”
As the clock counts down on our many mysteries here,
“I’m sorry,” floated his brother’s voice to his unreceptive ears before he heard to knob turn, footsteps retreat, and the door click closed behind him.
“Is that how you know John here as well?” asked Greg with a nudge toward John. “Or did you two used to perform together?”
It wasn’t that Philip Anderson hated Sherlock Holmes. It was that
He waited until the last rays of the day were peaking between the buildings of London, the city slowing down as its residents retreated into their homes for restoration. Their flat was growing dim with the day, only the kitchen light remaining on as their eyes and souls adjusted to the incremental changes in their environment. It was silent between them, a gentle breeze coming in through the window occasionally to tousle Sherlock’s hair as he stared intently off in the distance, lost in his thought while John read a book intently across from him.
At the time, he hadn’t known what Moriarty meant. That confusion was borne from his belief that he didn't have a heart. It was before Sherlock learned exactly where his heart lay.
John took one steadying breath. “If we win- which we will- then we’ll be in the movies.” Philip simply grunted in response so he continued, “So you know anybody?”
John was never late. But those deep sea eyes were locked with his and John thought with abandon, “
When the cab pulled graciously up to Sherlock’s well-known doorstep, he fumbled with the handle for too long before looping his fingers around it and pushing the door open. He fell out in a tumble of clothes and limbs in the almost-darkness and his drunken-haze. After pulling himself back up and staring blindly into the cab as he struggled to lay eyes on Lestrade, he said seriously in his direction, “One more thing, George?”
1. Perhaps, after all these years, he understands who Sherlock Holmes really is.
John inhaled with pleasure the scent of Sherlock. He noted with glee how Sherlock's hands were knitted together on his thigh. Although he was more than certain this was all a lovely dream, this was the happiest he'd ever been. He looked at his shushed nose against his chest, his lips slightly separated as breath went slowly in and out.
All credit for lines from canon to this
: the outcast who does not fit in with others.
Living with John Watson was yellow: hopeful, happy, and bright.
It seemed to Watson that their eleven-year friendship was really six score older.
“Then how-”
Mycroft had warned his brother about the dangers of affection.
I'm sure some of you were expecting Sherlock to remain furious for a long time. While I understand why you would think that (many stories rely on long-lasting anger for The Drama or character development and I completely get it), lack of empathy and holding grudges really isn't the point of this story. John and Sherlock have some work to do, certainly, but I've tried to paint a realistic, heartfelt picture of recovery and understanding for our boys.
“John,” he said with a scrunched face, eyes centimetres away from a pair of exceedingly fluffy socks. “What are these monstrosities?”
In his entire life, Mycroft had never seen such raw, feral, unabashed humanity. Never before had he seen loss wrack a body until there was no reason, no thought, no glimpse of joy at all, his body and mind instead succumbing to unrestrained sorrow.
Still, he remained motionless, staring at a man that should have been too young to pass on.
“I can play the classics,” he scrambled to say, attempting to smile with grace through a boiling sense of frustration. “I’ll take the slow nights, too. Or play during the day. Or-”
The rotation of the knob.
The peppered hair of Sherlock Holmes was limp in his lap where his gentle head rested. The rest of him was spread modestly over their couch, John sitting upright on one end to allow Sherlock ample room to lay.
Philip flushed, eyes going wide and landing, finally, directly upon John. “N-nothing? Why do you ask?”
His mind wandered freely, wildly running through his deductions to search for something meaningful. The outside world fell away until he was next in line. He only registered the vaguest form of the scene around him yet still guessed the drink order from the man before he said it aloud. Then:
But a band of veterans… featuring a singer who lost a “wife” in the war…
“Are you going to the dance next weekend?” asked Zane in a soft voice before one of their classes.
?” She’s dressed up, she’s with women. Why? What else do you see?”
“But-” said John with such pain in the word that Sherlock felt the pain in equal measure. His head jerked up so rapidly that his neck ached with the motion.
“Piss off.”
Sherlock must have read his mind because no sooner could he speak when Sherlock pulled out two glasses from inside his jacket and gave him a challenging look.
“Tell me.”
John’s soft, soothing voice urging him to sit up. He didn’t understand. Sherlock didn’t need to get up, he needed to sink deeper into this delusion until it swallowed him whole.
“Exactly!” Sherlock positively leapt at John’s understanding. “This is it, John. This will win us the preliminary- the whole damned thing, even. It will connect with audiences but furthermore, it’s authentic. The band fought in the war, the singer lost a loved one in the war- it’s a song to honour the troops that also honours the families back home. I’m telling you, John. This is it.”
Silence.
John repressed the urge to roll his eyes alongside Philip. “It’s fine,” he dismissed. “Let’s meet him.”
A huddled mass curling in on itself, cowering from the physically dominant John. Two pairs of hands grabbing him to forcibly pull him away.
But the stranger apparently felt no such kinship because he looked away with a flash of red across his cheeks and motionlessly stood in front of his picture.
His legs carried him swiftly to the corner, his legs giving out from exhaustion as he attempted to swat over the board. Fingers clumsy in anticipation, he fumbled at the wooden edges to pry it up and inspect what further deductions could be made. When his finger slid under, his heart skipped a beat. Sherlock was more than certain that the thing used to require less strength to lift. Then again, perhaps he simply possessed less strength now.
“Good afternoon,” he said not meeting Sherlock’s curious stare.
“Big surprise,” muttered Philip so softly, Greg was certain no one besides himself would have heard it.
John shook his head ferociously, the naughty images swirling around his drooping mind.
“You know, you don’t need to feel bad that your mom has you re-use your older brother’s clothes,” Sherlock said timidly to the new boy, thoughts of his vow of silence long-forgotten. His head snapped up in surprise, eyes as wide as coins as he looked at Sherlock quizzically. “You also don’t need to feel bad that you’re not as big as your brother was at the same age.”
He recalled the day they got the thing, John dragging him out to the store after being outraged that Sherlock didn't own one.
“Sure,” he agreed with forced glee although his mind was racing to recall the classic jazz standard.
“But I may kiss you again?”
Me, pulling my hair out because I had writer's block for this chapter: I'm just going to write "221B Baker Street" and that's going to be the whole chapter.
Mycroft was not without his humanity, despite the official party line that he maintained. When he discovered the war was coming, he took the appropriate measures to protect both his brother
“And what if I suggest that
“It’s brilliant.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but his mouth still twitched into something to betray him. “Fine. My turn, yeah?”
(You may wonder why John wasn't with Sherlock on the case. Sherlock was out and about when he stumbled upon it, certain it would be simple and he wouldn't need John's help.)
A groan that Sherlock probably didn’t think John would hear escaped the detective and his hands balled into tight fists in response. “They’re different gaits, too, John!”
There was no way around it, no way to continue in silence. He was spiralling, spiralling, spiralling.
Sherlock was eight years old when he first heard that there was a difference between a house and a home. He'd never thought anything of it, the seemingly trivial distinction. Yet in his fourth year, his English teacher spoke of how a house is a place where you live and a home is a place where you belong.
John put his hands up in mock surrender and watched as Sherlock picked up one shot glass with clear liquid to his lips, throwing it back and making no response face when it went down. He slammed it upside down on the table again and, before John could get a word in edgewise, plucked up a second glass. Then a third.
(Source: random websites on the Internet. I could easily be wrong about this, feel free to correct me.)
“I’m insulted you even need to ask,” John said, amazed how rapidly he was beginning to feel the small tug of a smile.
“Yes, sir.”
John crossed the room, bent over one of the many boxes scattered around the room, and extracted a metal star with a long cord coming from one end.
Greg had agreed to take John to Tobias’ typical Friday night haunt and Philip had come along for the visit because, as Greg had said, “Johnny will need all the help he can get to recruit this guy.”
“Did he serve?” interrupted John.
So they waited. And waited. As the list of bands still left to perform shrunk and the list of bands who already had their shot grew, the nerves collectively rose.
The band finished playing then, a lull of uncomfortable quiet shuffling as they made way for the next and final band who would, hopefully, be better than their predecessors.
John fell reluctantly silent, knowing he was right but his body refusing to release its tension.
This chapter opens the same evening as Chapter 10 but the scene break is a three-day jump in time.
He wanted, more than anything else, to be like his big brother.
“Aye aye, Cap,” he called with a wink to Wiggins and three of them laughed. Sherlock was certain he missed the joke even as he smiled along with them, content to partake in a joy that was not his.
“Yes,” Philip answered, putting excessive effort into preventing his voice from shaking.
“Not anyone specific,” he brushed aside the question with an irritated wave of his hand. “Just…
“I don’t know…” said John, pretending to be deep in thought. “What do I say, Tobias ‘punches people who irritate him’ Gregson?”
When he did return, it was with a gracious amount of pub food in addition to the men’s beverages.
Sherlock's hands were nervously playing with one another, his eyes shifting from John to the scene around them. “I thought, perhaps, you would enjoy coming home to a fully decorated flat.”
His knees shuffled awkwardly toward him until his waist was pressed against those legs that always made him weak, his left hand on top of Sherlock’s and his right on the armrest of his chair.
“Not quite,” said the man with a casual sort of confidence. He walked over to the makeshift patient bed and sat with his arm extended to grip his knee.
The explanation felt inadequate to his ears. The idea that they were linked by chance was, inexplicably, disappointing. “Your genius mind is unfaltering in its logic,” he offered.
“Alright, put me down,” he said shakily and Sherlock granted the request. When John’s feet were firmly planted on the ground once more, the two men were frozen in a tense silence, their eyes flinting from one another to randomized items around them.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wanted to grab him, kiss him, hold every bit of his body within his own, and spend the rest of his life confessing his unrelenting love for the brilliant man before him.
John was at war with himself regarding how high to get his hopes up with this man. He’d said point-blank it wasn’t a date. But it felt like a date. He said he didn’t want to open up with anyone. But it felt like he was opening up.
“W-what?”
It seemed Sherlock was unable to meet the pleading gaze directed toward him. “Sorry for what?”
“Hey,” he called across the bar to a gentleman who was disproportionately bored regarding the stimulating environment around him. The bartender turned to look at him, an eyebrow raised in way of an answer and his hands continued to work at cleaning a crystal glass. “Is Al here?”
I need help. SH
“I’ll be seeing him quite soon.”
They looked together around the corner, Mary’s slight figure leaning into a man as her hair fell in swirling curtains around her. This new bar was noiser, more lively.
“I’d like to- I mean to say… I wouldn’t mind meeting again. We have some things in common so it could be… good…”
“I don’t- What do you mean?” John asked, attempting to sound innocent and failing spectacularly. His heart was beating loud enough to hear the blood in his ears, loud enough to betray him.
