“Now you want it?” Cas taunted Dean, having been brought to the brink of frustration seemed to bring out the dominant side in him. Dean whined, loud and shameless, opening his mouth to show Cas what he wanted. “You had me spread out and begging but you just had to wait…” Dean pushed his tongue against his bottom lip, pleading with Castiel wordlessly, his eyes wide, eyebrows furrowed. Castiel let go of Dean’s hair, caressing his cheek before pulling his hands back. “Tell me what you want.”
This should feel good, should be a promise of
“Yes, Dean. It’s Christmas wine. Is it Christmas now?” Castiel’s tone was simultaneously deadpanned and biting enough to send Dean’s protests packing. The angel had a special talent for pouring emotion into flat phrases. “No, I didn’t think so. I will be purchasing this bottle of Pinot Grigio, because
Castiel spoke the one sentence that Dean hoped for. “Mhm, just me, so I got time. Living alone has its... Perks.” Alone. He’s alone. His neighbor was alone the last few weeks, alone & riding a vibrator that obviously wasn’t a boyfriend because Dean was right, nobody in their right mind would be silent in bed with someone like Castiel. Especially now that Dean can see the flush high on his cheekbones, his parted lips, what Dean could imagine was perfectly solid muscle under that thin t-shirt... He was staring, and by the smirk on his neighbor’s lips, he'd been caught. He turned around quickly to return to his task.
Castiel's only wish was the ability to truly settle down somewhere, to know people for more than a few months, to feel like it was worth getting to learn a new lunch table worth of names every semester. He was only here until the end of the summer when the family would move on to Ohio for the beginning of Cas's senior year. The Novaks' (Dean got the boy's full name the first night when he entered the contact information into his phone) traveled more than they didn't, and Dean could hear the longing in Castiel's voice when he spoke of the times before they had started life on the road.
Dean looked smug at the nervous way Castiel shifted his weight from side to side before answering. “Painting.”
After two days of school filled with joking distractions and half-formed answers about his vacation, Dean's friends were starting to think something was up. Typically they wouldn't push; they lived in a small enough town that most everyone knew about Dean's family situation; from his mother's sudden and tragic death to his father's alcoholism, the Winchesters were prime gossip material. If Dean came in looking a bit rough around the edges, people typically let it go unexplained.
Castiel let out a sigh laced with more frustration than he’d truly felt in years. Dean clenched his fists and managed not to take his anger out on Baby’s wheel. When a giant lightning bolt flashed across the skyline, Dean had a brief thought that made him burst into laughter once he processed it.
It felt like he had been caught. There was no logical way that anyone could know what he was up to, but it still felt like being caught with his pants down.
Dean Winchester. He was a master at hunting, a genius when it came to warding, a connoisseur in sigils. He’d claim he’s an artist with the knife, but the cliche didn’t lend enough credit to his true skills. Runes and symbols and sigils were practically Dean’s first langua-
He was met with a familiar look, Confused Castiel ™, head tilt and eye squint included. Dean felt a rush of warmth towards Cas and his unconventional but somehow entirely readable expressions. Trying to freeze out the heat settling in his stomach was fruitless, especially with Cas so close and so seemingly clueless as to his effects, but it didn’t prevent him from trying.
Plus, any residual worry went out the window at the sight of Dean tugging on Castiel’s t-shirt after they got up for the second time. It was tight on Dean, his shoulders filling it more than Cas could, but neither of them had any complaints. For Dean, it smelled like Cas. For Cas, well…
“We will not show up
With the likely accurate assumption that he was standing across from a hot weirdo artist and not some super threatening supernatural creature, Dean couldn’t remember what he had been so nervous about. Just for a moment, though, because once Dean was done checking out the way the man’s paint-splattered jeans stretched over his thighs, the nerves crept back in once his gaze returned to the fuckin’ guns.
“All set,” Castiel spoke with a soft tap to Dean’s shoulder, again stepping away to wash his hands at the small sink on the counter. Dean was still frozen in place by the absurdity of this all. What now? Did Dean tip the man? Ask him out?
Dean spoke, his voice lower now, slightly reverent. “So is this where you’re hiding out all the time?”
controlled by Castiel’s touch.
He blushed, not that he’d admit it, and something about the bashful expression made Castiel reach out and touch his arm.
He just
Castiel only seemed more confused as Dean spoke, his face warping six ways to Sunday before landing on that misplaced amusement that Dean was getting sick of denying was cute. There’s nothing funny about this situation; Castiel should be much more bothered by his surroundings: salted windowsills and sigil-marked walls and Dean himself, some random guy Castiel had found with two weapons inside ‘his house.’
The inside of the building was, well, even Dean had to admit,
A few more moments of digging around the drawer, and
“Oh, you fuck me so good, you’re so big, so-
"Nope. Thanks though, ma'am," said Dean. Cas could see that the tips of his ears were red. That was a telltale sign that he was one key comment away from a full-blown blush, and it hurt Cas to know he no longer needed those little bits of knowledge he had gathered about Dean. It was no longer relevant, and the sooner he forgot the details, the easier to move on it would be.
reaction to having been snatched from his own general planes of existence and thrown through walls and shit. Now that he knew that the downside of contact with Castiel was
safety.
and asking him to very thoroughly check him out.
Although they were standing nearly toe to toe on equal footing and still considering the couple of inches Dean had over Cas, he somehow felt smaller than ever. “Do you think we can arrange something? You know, to show ya how sorry I am for all this.” Dean took the opportunity to lay it on thick, even tilting his head down to give the appearance of looking up through his lashes at the slightly shorter man. “To make it up to you and return the favor, Doctor. C’mon, what is it you want from me?” Dean’s voice was nearly dripping with sweetness, dark and molten where his breath slid over Castiel’s skin.
Talking to Cas made him feel like he was in high school again.
was this conversation? Was he talking Swayze’s filmography with a hot angel glued to his back? What happened to the original plan for the night?
His eyes were still pushing out that intense warmth; the sunshine seemed to reflect off of him entirely, sharing his light with everyone around him. Cas's perpetually messy hair was quite uncharacteristically
A quick little buzz against Dean’s hip where his phone was tucked into his pocket shook him out of his thoughts. He pulled his phone out, wincing at the text notification.
Cas swept his eyes across the room. Everyone was glued to their seats, eyes pinned to the confrontation unfolding.
Oh, right. Cas sighed softly. Normal. “What does that even mean? I should go back to pining over you and hoping you’d notice me? I’ll never see you, with you doing sports and me working on the play, Dean….. I….” The taller boy stayed quiet, soothing Cas by tracing small swirling patterns down his back.
Earlier, though?
He didn’t care that this felt more natural than anything ever had in Dean’s incredibly unconventional life.
look on his face, the one he only ever seemed to direct at Dean, the one that the man now knew was filled with ocean’s deep desire to understand humanity in its basest level, love and confusion and interest and wonder and awe wrapped up into one expression. It always made Dean’s stomach flutter, but lately, it was more of a stampede. Castiel reached over and grabbed Dean’s hand, his thumb gently swiping over Dean’s wrist, above the callouses of his palm.
Dean broke the kiss to take his thumb in between his lips, tasting the proof of Castiel’s desire for him. Cas let out a noise of disbelief, his eyes hungrily focused on Dean, lips parted as he tried to roll his hips up against Dean for more friction. Without success, Cas let his hands fall from where they had dug into Dean’s back to grasp both himself and Dean in his fist, eyes flashing as Dean whimpered at the touch. Cas didn’t move, just kept his fingers curled around them, his chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath. Dean felt Cas’s cock twitch against his when he slowly pulled his thumb out from his mouth, dragging over his bottom lip deliberately.
Both Dean and the unidentifiable thing behind him spoke at the same time.
Castiel chuckled, the sound cascading over Dean and soothing him in nearly the same way the man’s careful touch had just done. “That’s where you’d be wrong. Veterinary Medicine is very demanding work. It’s a very upright, moral profession. We have an oath. Dean,
Castiel’s eyes went out of focus for a moment as he thought, a quick flicker of consciousness that made Dean feel uneasy. “Two years, three months, and seventeen days.”
"Alright, spill the beans, dude." Of course, it was Charlie; who else could have broken into Baby, and who would be brave enough to call Dean out so directly? "What the hell is going on with you? Tell me more.
“That’s not what I-“ Cas pouted, Dean’s persistent ability to tease seemed only bolstered by the small amount of vodka they’d consumed. He should have assumed it would go that way. Castiel switched the subject, glad for a distraction, because, yeah, he might spend some time looking at Dean’s hands, and he’d been caught enough in the past that he didn’t have much ground to stand on. “What do you usually do when you drink?”
If that was their domestic, then hell. Bring it on and give Dean perfectly cream-and-sugared police station coffee delivered by his best friend every single day.
As if on cue, his pocket vibrated again. That’s gotta be Cas. If Dean knows him at all, he’s asking for the name of the motel, asking if he was alright, if he could help. Dean would probably sleep in the backseat of his Impala, he wasn’t feeling quite alright yet, and yeah, Cas really could help if Dean would just let him. He kept all that to himself, not even pulling out the phone to check.
The two remaining bullets in his gun were well spent – two straight shots between the eyes of the demons in front. Big burly bastards.
There was that familiar rustling sound. But there was no fucking way-
He leaned his head back, letting the now lukewarm water fall over him. Shit, it had been years since he’d been in a shower this good. A damn rain shower, man. He’d been twenty-two that last time. Only then he hadn’t been in there alone.
Quickly switching tabs to the movie he’d since forgotten the title of, Cas tried to remain composed when he sensed Dean standing in the doorway. Tried not to let his profound relief show when Dean offered him the mug of coffee, lest Dean read it as pity.
Which is how Dean found himself waking warm and happy with teeth gently scraping along his neck, legs tangled through his own, and large hands kneading their way up his bare thighs.
Eileen shot a guilty look at Sam. Sam’s gait was awkward, although Cas often thought Sam was holding back some information or other. He’d grown used to it over the years, regardless of how often his suspicions were correct.
“This is your first time visiting your Uncle,” Cas noted.
Charlie smiled.
Still, Cas couldn’t bring himself to force a smile when Dean mumbled “later” and half-heartedly waved him off.
“He’s always talking to his car.”
The stranger smiled and Dean swallowed hard. God, he was hot.
“Everybody else,” Dean gestured dramatically toward the front door. “Doesn’t know that! And witches suck. Pick something cool.”
“Anyway, you’re looking –“ Charlie paused.
He rubbed the condensation from the mirror and blinked at what he found staring back at him. His smile was gone; shadows stained beneath his eyes, and his freckles faded into his overheated skin. He touched the handprint on his shoulder; trailed his fingers along the mark the angel left to remind him he was saved. He was safe. It was something he never dared allow himself to do. Like it was too intimate – as if it was Cas’ own hand he was touching. Now, he followed along the middle finger of the handprint, pointing toward a small bruise. Another reminder. Dean’s heart sped in his chest.
Hell no. He scoffed, reaching for his beer. What the fuck
Final chapters coming Monday & Thursday! Please consider leaving kudos or letting me know what you thought in the comments or on tumblr @pointyearedelvishprincling
Cas brought Dean’s hand to his lips and kissed him once on each knuckle. Though Dean couldn't see, he knew his angel was smiling. Knew those big blue eyes he’d fallen stupid in love with were shining.
“Cas… wait, wow-“ but the angel was gone.
Dean pulled out his lighter, and Sam snorted. “Dude, you’re not even a back-door virgin.”
Fuck.
Not an unpleasant something, but a something he hadn’t yet encountered in his long lifetime. Something drew Castiel to Dean, and it wasn’t fate.
Bobby threw a towel at him and Dean chuckled.
Dean broke away first.
Dean cursed. He hardly managed to right himself, before Cas was back. The angel stood now at the opposite end of the room; a safe distance between them. Dean saw the glint of silver of his own blade and guns drop to the bed. Cas must have picked them up from his room in the bunker.
“You comin’, Cas?” Dean called from somewhere to the left of the door. There was a soft thump and Dean let out a hiss of pain.
He had to tell him. Cas had to know.
In the end, he’d given up on that particular section, instead exploring the rest of the non-fiction titles. There truly were books on everything; books on bees and flowers, on cooking, and cars, and knitting. One of the books that intrigued him followed a man’s journey with different forms of therapy. As it turned out, there was a type of therapy for almost anything. Cas filed that information away for another time.
Cas kissed him back, running a hand down Dean's back. Dean pulled back to look Cas in the eye. "You sure about all this? I mean
Cas shifted slightly, pleased that Dean was content. Pleased that Dean was content because of
Cas' hands felt so good pulling Dean's hair, gripping his skin. When Cas jerked involuntarily, Dean groaned around Cas' cock, the vibration of his vocal cords eliciting a noise from Cas that had Dean fisting his own cock, desperate for friction.
“It is Halloween,” that deep voice intoned seriously. His expression fell into a small frown that knit between his brows. “You don’t like Halloween?” He actually sounded concerned.
Dean swallowed hard. It was his fault. He’d killed Cas.
Cas left.
********************************
“Hurry it up, Sammy! The witching hour’s about to begin,” Dean chuckled to himself as he double and triple checked his appearance in the mirror. He fixed the parting in his hair, using a tiny glob of gel to keep everything sitting just how he wanted it. The sunlight shining through the window haloed his hair, bringing out the blond he'd inherited from his mother.
Cas climbed off the bed and stood, his unbuttoned pants falling around his ankles. His cheeks flushed; eyes slightly wide. But he held out a hand, reaching out to pull Dean to his feet.
Cas studied Dean from the corner of his eye. There was no humour in his face. Stubborn, infuriating, but Dean was no fool. He had no need of angelic power to understand what was happening.
Another step.
“God damn it,” Dean groaned to himself, rubbing at his temples.
“I can’t take back all those times you thought I’d regret feeling like this for you. But Cas, I want…”  Dean paused, “I
Dean shook his head, his jaw working like he was trying real hard to say something – or not to say something.
Dean lost track of time as he watched over Cas. His thoughts hit him harder than his exhausted mind could keep up with. The day blurred together – beating up douchebags in alleyways, fighting demons. Seeing Cas
They talked over their plans; Cas figured it was best to head for the museum sooner than later. With auctions like these, it was likely there'd already be crowds lined up at the door. Dean knew it wasn't going to be the heist he'd built up in his head. That this was little more than an excuse to dress up and have a little fun with his best friend - maybe gank a demon or two along the way. This case was cake. Even if the stakes were worrying, at best.
Sam spoke instead.
Dean ducked as Meg swiped out with her long nails. He kicked, landing a blow to her belly. The witch staggered back several steps, and Dean realised too late that it was more by choice than his doing. He fell to his knees, Rowena’s spell crashing through his body like bolts of electricity burning through his veins. His heart pounded so hard he thought it would burst right through his ribs.
Cas grabbed the demon by the throat and flung him to the ground in a sickening crunch. He stood on the demon’s chest, threw a punch to his cheek that was well worth the splitting skin of his knuckles. His grace was already glowing in his hand to smite the demon, when Dean put a hand on Cas' shoulder.
“Dude, you’re embarrassing me.”
Dean nodded like he understood. “I hate L.A, man.”
Dean turned the page over and began to write in his neatest handwriting:
All the other guys Dean had been with never really counted to him for some reason. They’d happened mostly when he was a dumbass teenager – and that one guy when Sammy first left for Stanford. And Benny, he guessed. He’d never even considered telling Sam about those. Sometimes it was like, he knew he could always pick up some chick, and he’d be into her so that meant he wasn’t…
, Dean thought bitterly. “Sure,” he said, painting on that grin that usually got him lucky. That soft smile reappeared and it was all the boost Dean needed to get his head in the game. “If you believe in that sorta thing.”
Footsteps sounded on the pavement, hurrying toward the corner. The fight had been loud, the demon’s pleading attracting too much attention. Cas moved quickly; just managing to snatch both bodies and disappear before they were seen. He flew them miles outside the city, far from any wandering hearts to stumble upon.
– I fuck up. ‘Cause we both know I’m gonna. I want you, Cas. I’ve always wanted you. I know there's some bastards out there that are gonna use this against us, but we'll face 'em, alright? Don't matter to me what it is. I’ll always go with you," Dean pulled Cas into a hug, his face buried in Cas' shoulder. "I love you, Cas.”
Cas considered leaving Dean in this city. He could find his way back to the bunker. Call Sam if he must. But the image alone of Dean taking public transport was enough to wash away some of the restlessness.
“Okay, what’s going on? Why are you being weird, man?”
Chuck and Billie’s deaths both had their impact on the afterlife. If a new Death had been appointed, Cas nor the Winchesters had been interested making their acquaintance. Heaven, on the other hand, he knew had changed. For the better. Perhaps it was fitting, Chuck’s betrayal, for the angels to learn compassion for humanity. To build a home in Heaven with the love for humanity at heart instead of reverence for an absent god in mind.
Hours past like that – the VHS tape rewound to the beginning and was already almost half-way through its second run when Dean began to yawn. They’d unconsciously scooted closer as they talked. Somewhere along the way, Cas’ trench coat was pulled across their laps. Still, they talked. Still, every time Castiel looked Dean in the eye, it felt like the air had been knocked from his lungs.
This place was evil. Terrible things must have happened here if the witches saw fit to keep the Soldiers of Heaven from their doorstep. Castiel wondered which of his siblings had prompted the banishment. If one of them had come here long ago to bring an end to their reign.
Because this was the easiest thing Dean had ever done.
“The hell are you doin’ here, son?” Bobby said, with the biggest damn smile on his face.
Dean’s breath hitched as the angel carefully lifted the back of his t-shirt, exposing his skin to the chill air. Small shards of glass were embedded into his freckle-kissed skin, and Castiel worried with the fabric of the shirt, determined not to cause any further pain.
Dean felt those angel blue eyes on the back of his head, and when he looked up the guy was smiling.
Sam cleared his throat. “Uh… do you two know each other?” he asked, eyes darting between Dean and the man dressed as an angel. They stood so close together that the tinsel halo bounced against the cowboy hat.
Angels were not created to embody such mortal emotions. But Cas had never quite fit with the grand plan. Had played a hand in burning those plans to the ground.
Dean saw red. He heard the crack of bone in Ice’s nose before he even realised his fist had moved. His knuckles ached, but it felt good. He felt alive.
For a long time, I was afraid you didn't
he thought.
He wasn’t an idiot. He’d done the usual checks; offered her a drink of holy water from his hip flask. No choking, no burning. She’d held his hand that wore iron and silver rings. No stink of sulphur, no black eyes. Karla-with-a-K was good to go.
Dean looked at Castiel as though he’d never been offered something so simple as kindness in his life. His hand closed over the soft fabric, still warm from the heat of Castiel’s borrowed body. He muttered a small “thanks” as he put it on, his eyes wide and filled with that unplaceable emotion once again.
He trailed the blade along Cas’ neck, dipping the razor into the water between each turn. His hand moved to the back of Cas’ neck, resting at the nape as he worked, fingers lost in Cas’ hair.
***********
“What the hell’s going on with you, man?” Dean yelled. He didn’t mean to. He needed to calm down, but his dad’s voice was roaring in his mind now.
Ruby’s mouth hung open in surprise as she fell to her knees. Black blood oozed from the corner of her mouth, and Dean stared in horror. He tried to remind himself that she wasn’t some innocent girl. She was ancient and evil; she’d killed hundreds of kids, and –
Castiel stood quickly as Dean came into view.
It was Dean’s turn to frown. “What?”
Dean blinked, a full theatre of emotion playing over his face. Learning about fictional heroes who dressed in capes – which still seemed impractical to Castiel – was an unfortunate side effect to spending so much time with the Winchesters. It was worth it, though. For that briefest moment of pleasant surprise on Dean’s face when Cas could keep up with his endless obscure references. Learning to decipher Dean’s… unique dialect had taken time to understand. And tune out.
And then they were gone.
Cas poured the holy oil over the pendant. Dean handed him the lighter and Cas felt the warmth of Dean’s fingers as they brushed his own. The fire burned pink at first, and Cas blinked against the light of all the souls that soared free from containment. He wondered if Dean could see them. What he would make of them if he could.
Dean broke the kiss, catching his breath. He’d never seen Cas like this. Dean plastered on that little sideways smile he knew drove the angel mad. “You been practising, sweetheart?”
The house was warded against angels. Which only meant…
“The other one,” Stevie waved her hand dismissively. “With the drag show and fruity cocktails.”
Cas’ voice was soft, so weak it nearly brought Dean to his knees then and there. He turned, heart hammering seeing Cas even paler than before. Dean snatched up his gun, tore his knife from the dead demon, and braced himself again.
Dean tore the makeshift stake from Sam’s hand, his emerald eyes hard as he silently conveyed the plan to his brother. Sam stuck up his chin, refusing to move a muscle even as the handle of the back door began to rattle.
But every time those angel blues met his, Dean recalled the soft but sure touches on his back when Castiel fixed him up in the graveyard. He felt the phantom weight of Cas’ gorgeous hands – yeah, okay, even
Cas rolled his head along with his eyes, returning his attention to the screen. This place, this home of the elves, reminded him of the mountains and glens in an area in Switzerland he’d once been stationed. That was many years ago now; the vessel he’d used long dead and fertilising the earth.
Dean bit his tongue. He hadn’t even breathed when Cas was changing. Didn’t know what the hell was wrong with him when his pants suddenly felt too tight. He’d planned to wear the suit out of the tailors but getting changed, doing something other than standing outside that curtain and
Sam stared at Dean with his best bitch face. He was getting better at those
With a quick glance at Cas, Dean pulled back the sheets and got to work. He managed to knock the pendant from Cas’ wrist without hurting the guy. It fell to the floor, glittering in the dim light of the lamp. Dean dragged it along the floor with the iron bar, far as he could get it from Cas.
He knew he had to delete the footage. He knew. But it was… Cas had…
Sword lilies bloomed in the clearing around them.
Sam hadn’t seen those witches. Dean had left out some of the gorier details, but Sam had to know how crazy it was to even think about giving the damn book away. Who knew where it would end up? No, they’d wait for Bobby. See what he thought about the thing. And if it wasn’t any use to their uncle, they’d salt and burn it. End of story.
Dean’s cheeks flushed and he turned his back to continue tearing up the empty pizza boxes to fit them in the trash. “Alright, Sherlock, that’s a stretch.”
Cas brought Dean to his feet, leading him back to the bed. Dean hoped to keep going, but Cas pushed him to the edge of the bed, dropping to his knees between Dean's legs. Those big blue eyes never looked so damn good as they did now. Cas' cheeks were fully pink, his bottom lip swollen from his own teeth pressing into it for restraint. Dean drew him into a kiss, careful of the small hurt on Cas' lip. Cas kissed him back fiercely, his hands running down from Dean's shoulders to his hips, coming to a stop with a firm grip to Dean's thighs.
At Dean’s feet was the black cat with the strange accent from the Sanderson house. Its tail pointed upward, the hair on its back spiked up.
Overhead, Dean spotted the black cat running along a beam. It caught Dean’s eye for a split second and blinked hard before shifting its attention elsewhere.
the witches’.
Dean heard those words as clear as day; a temporary reprieve from the chaos in his mind. He saw the tilt of the angel’s head as he said those words the day they’d met. Wide blue eyes staring at him like they had no idea what a despicable creature he really was.
A metallic click.
Whatever kind of monster Dean thought of himself as, he didn’t want to think about what he’d be without a soul. A conscience. He remembered exactly the kind of asshole Sam had been without one. And that was
It was the damn teleporting getting to his head. He wasn’t staring at Cas. He was just out of it. Shit, of course he was. All that zapping around – it wasn’t natural.
Sam cleared his throat. “You guys are gross.”
was Sam down for a god damn hunt?
Dean stuffed his face. Angry eating was never a great idea before a hunt but screw it. When he finished the burger, he lifted the cover from the plate of pizza. Wrinkled his nose at all the green shit on top. Were those basil leaves? He picked all that crap off and dug in on a slice.
“You’re okay,” Castiel confirmed, stepping forward for a closer look. Flecks of a black substance stained Dean’s boots and jeans, and more of the same seemed caked beneath his fingernails. “What happened?” Cas asked. His voice sounded stern even to his own ears, but it was concern that drove him, not annoyance.
Cas tilted his head. There was only concern in his stupid handsome face. He wasn’t afraid, mercifully. Wasn’t pissed off like he should be, either though. Cas regarded Dean slowly, and it only made him angrier.
Well, shit. That backfired.
Cas disappeared behind the curtain of the changing room again. He eyed his new tie in the mirror before pulling it off, careful not to unravel the knot. He studied the knot Dean had made. Traced it with his fingertips. Drowning in reverence and shame. Feeling lonelier than he’d ever felt in his long life.
The dude looked up, eyes locking with Dean’s.
Leaving Cas alone to pick up the razor, to finish the job.
Jordan was very handsome, but Cas had no interest in pursuing relations with him. He told him as much. The man laughed at Cas’ words, and Cas was struck again by an old wall he often hit when conversing with humans. It had taken many years of trial and error, and the flawed teachings of the Winchesters, and still Jordan had thought he was joking.
So, Cas closed his eyes. He would not be able to return to sleep – angels never slept unless there was something wrong – but he could rest. He could allow himself this peace.
“All it takes is one child,” Meg said sharply, sniffing the switch to the backup generator. “We have one night to get this right,” she warned. “We’ll have all eternity after to seek revenge, sister.”
Dean hastily shoved another pizza slice in his mouth, nearly choking on it. Earning him a concerned glance that quickly hardened to glare. “What?” he asked innocently through a mouthful.
“I sure hope so,” he winked. Damn it, maybe Cas was right. He had half a mind to call the guy back to him and take the hit, but- it was nice, he thought. He and Cas hadn’t hung out like this without Sam in... hell, in
He reached down for the handgun digging into his hip, sure as shit he’d have a full gun-shaped bruise down there if he got outta here swinging. Just like he thought, the demon tore it off him, kicking it aside. To Karla.
“Cas… I need to say something.”
Dean looked at Cas.
Shit. This was it. Dean's heart stumbled as he realised it.
His brother, Gabriel, Archangel of Heaven and notorious trickster, had recruited him weeks ago to join a slow-moving mission on god’s request. Unfortunately for Castiel, Gabriel refused to disclose said message, insisting only that they be stationed on Earth until god saw fit to call them. Weeks had gone by in which Castiel had witnessed all manner of debauchery at the endless parties his brother threw and goaded Castiel into participating. Or, at least, looking the part and answering the door.
But following Dean along the cobbled street, Castiel couldn’t deny his curiosity.
Cas’ hand hovered for a moment even after Dean straightened. He tilted his head, admiring how the sunlight split between Dean’s lashes, casting thin shadows beneath his eyes. Dean blew out a breath, steadying himself. He opened his eyes and Cas hastily averted his own.
Disappointed as he was without finishing the fight, Dean felt pretty damn proud of his little brother right then.
The freckles on Dean’s cheeks were disturbed by flecks of blood. His lip, too, was slightly bloody but long since healed. Cas watched with an ache inside himself as Dean breathed - alive and close and safe. The urge to reach out and clean the blood from his skin as Dean had done for him, to remove the stain from the ugliness of hours earlier, was almost too difficult to resist.
“It was nice to meet you, Dean,” he said, placing a hand on Dean’s left shoulder and inclining his head toward him. His expression earnest as he added “Trick or Treat”, in the tone of someone wishing Merry Christmas. The wink that followed was so god damn terrible, Dean felt his heart stumble in his chest.
He smiled sadly. The void between them now since Cas had returned had never been quite so vast. It was cruel almost. To finally have the chance to write their own story, and still finding that they weren’t on the same page.
In the twelve years he’d known Castiel, Dean had changed, too. No longer was he this faithless, broken shell of a man. Just as Cas was no longer the angel that had fallen in every way there was to fall when he’d raised Dean from hell. Somewhere along the way, Dean had found his faith in his angel alone. And Cas had found his love, his family, himself, in Dean. And maybe Dean didn’t have the words today to say all that. But someday.
“Not happening, Sammy.”
A few minutes standing around had him shifting on his feet, attention restlessly drifting about his surroundings until a mean-faced old lady walked by with a dog she’d dressed in a red cape and devil horns. Dean kept his expression neutral… as best he could anyway when the little demon growled at him.
He was alone. In his new suit. In a nice hotel with a rain shower and no Sam. Nothing standing in his way this time. Nothing but himself and the echoes of his dad's old words and the icy, painful truth that he didn't deserve happiness. He didn't deserve Cas.
“Sammy’s got a girl,” Dean cut in quickly, subtly giving Sam the finger out of Cas’ line of sight. “He writes her dorky letters. Such a sap,” he smirked.
He felt heavy. Tired. Afraid.
was wrong with him?
, Dean, it was embarrassing! You think I came here to go around beating guys up and pretending we’re on a hunt? Screw you, man. I’m out.”
Dean leaned back against the headboard, tucking his knees to his chest. Cas was back. He’d gotten him back. He was alive. He was safe.
Dean was having a nightmare.
Dean made a show of rolling his eyes and moved to step down from the redecorated stage the kids has set up. But Sam was faster. He clapped Dean’s shoulder as he passed by and cursed the demon soundly when he broke the trap with a scrape of his blade. Dean had a couple words he’d like to say to Crowley, too, before things got ugly, but a gentle hand shifted his attention back to the makeshift alter.
When Dean didn’t move, didn’t speak, Cas couldn’t stand it any longer.
“Shut up. You do the honours then, virgin.”
this fucking town?
Dean pulled his legs under his own chair, lifting his palms out defensively in front of himself. “What the hell?”
“And then she’s gonna kill me.”
“Maybe it's better I got through to you instead of Dean, 'cause, uh - alright, this is gonna sound crazy. Do you remember the mark on Dean’s shoulder when you brought him back,” Sam paused, the sound of his pacing breaking the silence, “From hell,” he clarified needlessly.
Cas tucked in his wings. Eyes glowing as he sought out any sign of demonic activity.
“Drop it, Sammy.”
He had shit to do. Demons to kill. People to save.
Crap.
There was another set of double doors further down the room; the top quarter cut through with stained glass of every colour, matching the windows outside. Between them, Cas spied a room filled with chairs; many of the seats already filled. The auction would be starting soon.
He shoved open the door to the tailors with a bit too much force. It banged against a fancily dressed mannequin and Dean hurriedly righted it before it hit the ground. Face stupid with embarrassment, ears burning, he froze as a pointed cough sounded close behind him.
Cas found that freedom was not a rope around his neck, but of strong arms wrapped around his waist, the flushed skin on freckled cheeks. Dilated pupils in ever-green eyes, alight with their own joy and relief. Dean broke free of his fate and found free will in his love for Cas, and in that, Cas found his happiness. A feeling in all his millions of years he’d never begun to imagine.
The bastard was grinning.
“Hell yeah we are, man. We gotta plan this thing,” Dean looked Cas up and down from head to toe, an expression Cas had never quite learned to read passing over his face. “We gotta get you dressed for the occasion.”
Dean nodded, rolling his eyes a little.
It was rare that Dean saw Cas without his coat. Even with his old suit on, Dean supposed the guy seemed practically naked now. He looked good – made Dean look like crap next to him, honestly.
Dean felt his eyes burning, his heart pounding. He made to pull Cas' finger from his mouth but Cas pushed a second inside, pinning him with a look that said
He overheard a man, on the later stage of middle age, complaining about the queues. It was a ticketed event, apparently. Expensively so. Cas sent a warning text to Dean, though he was certain Dean would figure it out. Find a way to charm the men guarding by the door.
How come no one ever talks about your siblings moving on without you? It’s like you raise your own best friend and one day it’s like they barely even remember it, Dean thought.
. Dean could get used to this.
Things had been… different between them. For a while now. Dean had the vague sense that he was in the doghouse – like they were fresh out of a fight Dean couldn’t seem to remember. Which wouldn’t be all that weird but…
All too soon, Cas rose over Dean, bracing one hand on the side of Dean's head, the other still working his cock. Dean was breathless, starry eyed and awed and desperate for more.
Dean clung to the makeshift stake for dear life but the spell was too strong. It flew out toward Ruby and the chair, Dean still clinging desperately to it. Ruby whipped her head around, and it took every muscle in Dean’s body to move the stake just a few inches.
Dean took to a fight like a bird to the open skies. Cas watched him in terror and admiration; bloody and furious and beautiful.
Cas gripped his knees, pulling at the fabric of his pants. Not listening.
Dean swallowed hard.
Cas planted his feet; a human act, as though he needed to steady himself. It was a habit he’d formed, a means to pass the time in the space between seconds. He’d learned how tiring the weight of your own body could be during his brief stint as a human. Besides, it was comforting to them, these random restless movements. Mortality was all about distractions.
“Buddy, you just gonna stand there? Take a seat or grab a beer or somethin’. You’re making me itchy just looking at you.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, ignoring the heat that had gathered there. The hell is wrong with him?
He didn’t know why she was using one of the spare rooms, and maybe Dean’s mind was still half-stuck in the Phoenix, but either way he didn’t think to question all the decorative crap in the room until the door slammed shut behind him. And the lock clicked into place.
It was Dean that voiced it for him. The man took a step closer, the tips of his boots touching Cas’ own. Dean leaned in close, green eyes wide and thumb stroking gently along the line of Cas’ jaw. “This still okay?” Dean murmured against his lips.
“Don’t talk to be about that old-“ Bobby grumbled with his head in the fridge as he rummaged around for a few beers.
The angel found himself lost, without
Still, that damn candle didn’t burn out.
Dean watched Cas twist the lid. How his hands wrapped around the bottle, dripping from the icy bucket he’d pulled it from. Watched the angel bring the bottle to his lips. The bob of his throat as he swallowed.
Dean leaned closer, his head tilted. Cas’ gaze dropped to his lips, wet and slightly parted.
Shit. Shit shit shit.
Cas might have thought it a small miracle if his heart wasn't breaking in his chest. It was better the crowd below were unaware; serving a reminder of their safety.
Castiel supposed that was wishful thinking but decided to keep that to himself. His own voice softened at the sound of Crowley’s pain as he said, “Why did she kill him?”
Meg’s head rolled to the floor, and Dean’s knees shook as the realisation of what he’d just done crashed down on top of him. He gasped for breath, gagging at the smell of blood.
There were some things Dean still couldn’t put into words; things he’d probably never be able to talk about. He was so damn lucky to have this family who understood his silence; who could read it for what it was. Who accepted him. Loved him. Even now that he was free to be himself for the first time in his whole life.
Cas looked down at his own feet. “I can return you to the bunker.”
“Right,” he lied quickly. “It’s all just a bunch of hocus pocus crap. So, uh. The name’s Dean, by the way. I just got into town. Staying with my uncle for a couple days. Would be nice to, y’know, have someone to show me around. Go for coffee or something.”
He reached for his shirt, pulling it on backward in his haste to answer the door.
Dean clinked his bottle against Bobby’s before taking a small sip. God, it’d been so long since he’d had a cold one. He leaned an elbow against the white counter, eyes shut as he paused to appreciate the taste. And to prepare himself.
Yet Castiel was dreaming.
Dean snorted. These kids are pretty damn lucky, he thought. They really have no fucking idea.
They reached Bobby’s front porch and Sam took the steps two at a time. He fumbled with his keys for a moment and quickly rushed inside, muttering about having to use the bathroom. Castiel followed slowly, as though he wasn’t sure whether he was supposed to be here. Dean paused in the open doorway, gesturing for Cas to follow.
breathe.
Almost four hours passed, and Cas’ thoughts spun in unhelpful cycles, drawing comparisons between fiction and reality, wondering all the while if Charlie had chosen this movie with an agenda in mind. If she had, she didn’t reveal her purpose, though Cas remained suspicious. They switched off the television, making their way around the Bunker in companionable, and in Charlie’s case,
The pendant had been lost for hundreds of years – made by a witch whose own soul she sold to gain that kind of power. The demon they’d encountered at the museum had been the one who’d made the deal with that witch, and when she’d come to claim the witch’s soul, the pendant was long gone.
“Like the pendant latched onto something?” Sam interrupted.
She wondered why he was showing her this. And then Cas started speaking.
Dean blinked. "Second drawer in the night stand. Condoms under the books, lube's in the holy water bottle."
The angel cried out in despair, willing fury into his veins. How was it, he asked himself, that experiencing such pure joy had led him to this place? Did he not deserve to enjoy the feeling of love? He’d conquered his greatest fear; looked the man he loved in the eyes and said the truth he knew he could not take back.
The guy shifted his attention to Sam, seeming startled that someone else was present. That deep, rumbling voice answered “no” at the same time Dean answered “yeah.” A single brow rose on the dude’s forehead. Dean’s ego might have taken a hit if that look wasn’t so damn hot.
There was a small winding staircase in the corner of the room leading to a small circular window up above. Dean took a seat about half-way up. He didn’t have to be around long to know that his little brother likely spent half his time holed up there, sticking his nose in a book. The piles of pillows and discarded soda cans were evidence enough.
and fuck. Fuck. This was it. Dean repeated the motion slowly, winking at Cas as he slid his tongue over the slit. When Cas' hand fisted in Dean's hair to draw him closer, Dean fought hard to stay focused on the task at hand. He was impressed with himself; it had been a while. A long fucking while. But he'd never enjoyed it like this before. Dean braced his hands on Cas' hips and rocked him forward until Cas started moving on his own.
“Thanks, kid.”
The man introduced himself as Jordan, offering Cas a flute of champagne. Cas stumbled on his words. He’d worked a hundred cases with as many aliases. He needed a name, and the first that came to mind was Justin Timberland. He believed it was the name of a pop-singer he’d once heard of on the radio; a lover turned nemesis of one of Cas' favourite musicians, Britney Spears. Cas often listened to her songs when he was alone; far from the judging ears of Sam and Dean. The latter of whom Cas imagined might fall prey to a heart attack if he found out.
Cas’ fingers buttoned the shirt in haste. He pulled on the new pants and wondered if they were designed to be so tight in certain areas. He frowned. Wiped some dried blood from the toe of his shoes using the sleeve of his discarded trench coat. Fully dressed, tie aside, he checked himself in the mirror. Appearance meant little to Cas, but he found himself fixing his hair, pulling at the sleeves of his new blazer. Surprised at the snug fit.
“Uh, yeah. Gimme a minute,” Dean called out to Sam.
Cas’ eyes shot to the screen. He felt the weight of Charlie’s gaze on him, and his cheeks flushed. Cas kept watching, ignoring the view in his peripheral vision.
Stevie was smiling into her cocktail, but Charlie looked ready to swing fists.
“Show off,” Dean muttered, using the distraction to pluck a couple of the larger candy bars from Sam’s bag. His hand closed around a pack of mints, and Dean popped one into his mouth, hiding the rest in his back pocket. Never know when you might need one.
Dean nodded. He smiled tightly, pointing with both index fingers to the door.
Dean had no healing gifts. He had nothing to offer the angel at his side but what little faith he had to give.
Jack shushed him and Dean rolled his eyes, ruffling the kid’s hair just to annoy him.
It was small truth, an ugly one, but there were times when Castiel felt the urge to take them all under his wing, so to speak. (Was that a joke? Dean might enjoy that).
He left Dean to eat and rest, forcing himself away to clean the evidence of the fight on the roof. He returned to the museum to find rows of police cars and tape around the tall doors of the stone building. Without one of the false badges the Winchesters had made for him, Cas had no excuse to join the fray. There was little need for asking questions – he knew exactly what had been discovered on the top floor.
Dean rounded the corner outside of the tailors. He hadn’t noticed when Cas had slipped off, but it was a relief to see him again all the same.
After the quickest shower he could manage, Dean towelled off his hair and dressed in a fresh pair of jeans. He ran his fingers through his hair, styling it as sexy as it would go. He had a couple of bruises still coming in from the fight earlier, but nothing too bad. Dean turned, looking over his shoulder to check his back in the mirror. Embarrassment pinked his ears. There wasn’t even a scratch on him, and he’d gone and let a guy who looks like
Cas smiled timidly back at him. The guy was a little breathless, and Dean tracked the movement as Cas loosened his tie.
A small gasp left the angel’s lips. “You’re bleeding.”
he could understand.
“Uh. Hey, man,” Charlie said, wincing at the awkwardness in her voice. She cleared her throat, forcing herself to look at Dean.
Dean suits up, and Cas breaks down. The mutual longing is unbearable for these idiots.
“Anyway,” Charlie said, taking slow backward steps toward the door. “We all miss you. Sam and Eileen are out for the night, but you know where to find us if you feel up for it?”
“Cas, I’m sorry. I’m so – I’m so fucking sorry. Man, why did you stay? You should have left, should’ve – wait, is that what today as about?” Fresh horror turned his blood to ice in his veins. “Cas, please tell me this wasn’t you trying to leave today, man.”
The image of the witches on the museum floor crept unbidden into Dean’s head. He’d been trying so hard not to think about it. To focus on Cas and Sam and just being here. But even the memory of the smell was enough to turn the pizza in Dean’s stomach to lead. He set the pizza box on the ground, waving away the cat that dove for it.
Blue eyes blinked through the moonlit room, taking in the salted windowsills and the crumbling ceiling plaster; the remains of a missing chandelier. He didn’t dare stretch his stiff limbs lest he woke Dean.
“She’s gonna kill you.”
Dean raised his brows, his lips twitching into a smile. He tried to come up with a response; something funny, something flirty…
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was stern with warning.
As always, I really appreciate any kudos or comments here or on tumblr
the woman scolded. Dean bristled when she eyed him suspiciously over her shoulder after passing by, until she almost walked right into a telephone pole.
He sighed.
Sam was quiet for so long that Dean couldn’t help but look at his brother. Behind his ridiculous mop of hair, Sam was blinking fast. Whatever gears were turning in his head, Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to hear it.
“What do you need, Dean?” Cas asked. Voice weary and a little defeated. As if that wasn’t the question of the century.
Castiel’s attention caught on the movement of Dean’s t-shirt; how it stretched tight across his chest and rippled slightly against his stomach in the breeze. Dean waved again as he came closer, the t-shirt riding up to reveal a sliver of bare skin at his hips. Castiel wet his lips, forcing himself to divert his attention elsewhere.
Cas took a small step forward, and Dean was too stunned to protest. "Dean, I have loved you long before I understood it myself, before I knew it was possible. I am content with our friendship, if that is what you want. I swear to you, I have never erased more than your memory of those moments. I have
Dean placed a hand on Cas’ own; the touch startling. Castiel froze, attention snapping down to the cold hand that slowly slipped from his own.
Dean looked up then, the truth of those words stunning him into silence. Gently, he pulled Cas down to lay next to him. Dean sat up, pulling off his flannel, smirking as he noticed Cas’ eyes widening a fraction. He lay down once more, one arm tucking beneath Cas’ neck, hand buried in his hair, the other undoing each button of Cas’ shirt. When he finished, Dean trailed his hand down the hard plains of Cas’ stomach, thumbs dipping beneath the waistband of his pants and skimming along his hips.
Cas opened the letter with careful, shaking fingers. On one side, there was a riot of words all scrawled over one another in a frantic burst of thought. These were Dean’s fears; his thoughts laid bare on paper. Some written faint as a whisper and others so furious it was a wonder the pen hadn’t torn through the page.
Said they’d have a job for me if I came back every night at midnight. ‘Long as I showed up, I’d have work. Long story short, I went to the wrong bar at the wrong time. I… made enough to get by from a couple guys. A few ladies too, but - not so often.”
“Hey, hey, I’m fine. Everything’s okay, swee– It’s fine, Cas. Nothin’ happened,” Dean explained. “This is… it’s old news, alright? Ancient history. Just some old bullshit.”
Charlie twisted to lie on her back, staring up at Stevie from her lap. “Uh, for me to stay out of it and give those idiots emotional support in the form of making them watch my favourite movies with me?” She grinned innocently, raising her brows.
Sammy was always telling him to google places before showing up unaware, and maybe the jerk had a point.
Charlie noticed the paper Cas held out in front of him. The way Dean shoved his hands into his own pockets, staring down at his feet.
Dean lifted their interlinked hands and pressed a wet kiss to the back of Cas’ palm.
Dean was so glad he'd stayed. He couldn't fucking imagine how hard this must have been on Cas - how many times he'd thought he'd had to wipe Dean's memories. Dean felt clammy at the thought of it all; how there were whole gaps in his memory that he had no clue about. But how could he be angry at Cas? This was Dean's own fault. Of course, Cas had no clue how Dean felt when Dean had no idea himself.
Dean didn’t have the chance to finish kissing his way to Cas’ earlobe before Cas had him pinned again, both of Dean’s hands trapped above his head. Cas looked at him earnestly, as if asking for permission, before kissing Dean again. Fuck, Cas was so fucking good for him. The first brush of Cas’ tongue along Dean’s lips had his hips grind upward, desperately seeking contact.
“But you did.” Sam said gently.
How the hell was he going to explain all this to Cas?
“So, what’s the plan?” Dean asked. His swagger from moments before returning, masking his unease. But there was no hiding the flush of his ears. The racing of his pulse. The glow of his soul, brighter and more lovely than sunlight. “Hittin’ up the choir and singing some holy tunes?”
He realised he was staring as he tracked the movement of a tear that escaped the corner of Charlie’s eye. His heart kicked up a notch; a fresh surge of guilt on top of the tsunami that was already crushing him from the inside, drowning out what was left of him. Dean wiped the tear from Charlie’s cheek, his head hung low to catch her gaze as she ducked away.
But Dean could not read his angel now. Could not speak the words he needed to say. That he needed Cas to hear. Even if the words made him leave – and Cas always left. Every time Dean thought it would be different. Every time, he didn’t have the balls to make the change.
Cas glared up at him and Dean winked in return. He was still faking his way through the confidence. Knew Cas likely saw right through him, but it didn’t matter. He started slow, more for himself than Cas’ sake. The guy was good to go. He couldn’t believe there’d been a time he’d called angels “Junkless”. The angel beneath him,
“Hey, handsome,” he grinned. Good. It sounded braver than he felt.
Dean wet his lips, his breathing slightly shallower than normal. “I dunno, man. People don’t really… No one notices shit like that.”
Dean looked at him then. Really looked. He couldn't voice it aloud, so he said it all in prayer, breaking eye contact to kiss along Cas' knuckles again.
, was the better option. He’d dressed quickly, feeling stupid and vulnerable for no damn reason. But when he’d pulled back his curtain, Cas still hadn’t finished.
wearing a cape, Dean."
Nothing came.
“Tell me about this witch museum, Cas,” Dean said, breaking the angel’s train of thought.
Soon, it made him angry. Castiel stomped on the asphodel, twisting his foot over the broken stem. As though all its siblings lamented, every flower wilted to ashes; dry as autumn leaves. The air was thick with the sharp remains, and they nicked at the angel’s skin. He felt nothing, not even a sting.
“Shit, it’s 4 o’clock.”
Dean wiped at his damp eyes, lowering his hands to look at the empty left side of his bed. The sheets were still neatly tucked into the corners. Dean’s throat tightened. All those weeks Cas had been gone, Dean couldn’t bear to make his bed. To accept that the small space he’d quietly built in the hopes to share would never be filled by the one person he wanted.
Crowley flicked out his tail. “Depends. What year is it?”
, Dean thought. “I’m fifteen.”
On the opposite side of his coat, he found the mixtape, and quickly offered it to Sam’s outstretched hand.
Charlie’s breath hitched in her throat.
Cas scanned his memory for any cases or news they’d heard recently regarding ancient history. Coming up empty, he said, “I don’t understand.”
Dean shivered as Cas stepped away. At the loss of contact, Castiel suddenly had no idea what to do with his hands. He stuffed them in the pockets of his trench coat, eyes trained on the cat that curled around Dean’s ankle.
” and disappeared into the privacy of the Dean Cave.
Dean pressed the coat to his face and inhaled like some kind of freak, but it helped. He relaxed; his problems shrinking to smaller, more manageable sizes. Cas wasn’t expecting anything of him. Nobody was. They were giving him space because he damn well needed it. Charlie knew everything, and she wasn’t… she didn’t think he was…
Those were the words Dean had hated most. The hypocrisy of them. Dean had tried to say those words he’d been building to say for years in Purgatory. But Cas had stopped him. Of course, Dean knew why.
Most nights though, it was Dean and Eileen. It had started six months ago, when no amount of alcohol could get Dean to sleep. She’d helped him research the Empty, long after Sam had retired for the night. Eileen was easy company – nice to have around. And never afraid to call him on his shit, either. When Dean finally gave up drinking, for good this time, he’d started learning ASL. It started off as a distraction, but Dean found he enjoyed the challenge. He’d spent plenty of sleepless nights taking online classes, slowly learning to string together some sentences. Eileen had taught him the fun stuff though; shit that went over Sam’s head and drove him crazy that Dean had picked it up first.
“You gals just don’t know when to quit, do you?” Dean grimaced, hunkering down at the witch’s side.
Okay, that sounded pretty bad.
Cas’ grin faded to a soft, fond smile. There was a beat of silence that started with Dean not knowing what he wanted to do and ended with him wishing for exactly what he wanted next. Dean closed the distance between them, wrapping his arms around Cas, one hand on his back, the other on the back of his head.
Cas had hardly drawn a breath to scream Dean’s name when his friend moved. The demon dove backward, shrieking at the soulless girl for how close the bullet had gotten to her.
“We’re getting pizza,” Charlie added in a sing-song voice.
Charlie mumbled something unintelligible against her girlfriend’s neck. Neither of them keen to let go. Sometimes, Charlie couldn’t help but reach for her, even when they’d spent all week together. She knew it would probably take a while, and several years of careful lies in therapy, for things to balance out after everything that happened. But in the meantime, casual reassurances that her girl wasn’t going to get zapped again counted as totally normal behaviour.
Dean crept across the room on silent feet. He tilted his head, trying to puzzle out if that was a real live fish he spied in the small glass tank on the desk. Sam stretched in his chair, the movement snapping Dean back to attention. He came to a stop behind his brother, brows raised at the desk lamp with a bikini-clad lady at the base.
Rowena.
Dean was fast asleep in front of his open laptop. His head resting on his arms and the blanket Charlie had brought for him wrapped around his chair. At the angle he was sitting, his back would be in a world of pain tomorrow.
There was plenty he wasn’t telling Sam, but something about this trip – it felt big. Bigger than demons and souls and all that shit.
But there’d been no need to fear it, no point in overthinking it, because loving Cas and letting himself be loved in return was... it was the easiest thing he’d ever done. Dean never thought it would be possible, but just like all those years they’d spent as friends, when they’d hunted together, silently communicating, trusting each other to have their backs – that next step just made sense.
“Thought this shindig was beneath you, Crowley,” Dean chuckled.
When Karla locked the door behind them, Dean’s brows shot up in surprise. Hello, distraction.
Even if the capes really were impractical.
Five sets of footsteps muffled by the carpet on the top floor. There’d been no one around, not this late in the night. Sunrise wasn’t more than an hour away.
“His name is Fergus,” Cas said smugly. A strange look passed over Dean’s face for a moment.
Cas focused. Swallowed hard. It was an effort, always an act of defiance, to lay a hand on Dean. The gentle palm he placed now on Dean’s clammy cheek was hesitant, stubbled skin cool against his palm. For the most wonderful, greedy moment, Cas could have sworn Dean leaned into the touch.
“I asked you first,” Castiel crossed his arms, eyes narrowing further.
He crossed his arms, leaning back in his seat. “How you doin’, Cas?”
“Right,” Dean repeated, feeling the bubble in his chest start to deflate.
Cas broke the man’s arm in one swift blow. Knocked him unconscious and flew him to some half-abandoned part of the country. Without his weapons. Without the memory or impulse to do what he’d planned to do.
Castiel chewed on his lip, his wings stretching nervously behind him. “I’ll just wait here,” he replied, his tone more annoyed than anything.
Castiel once believed that freedom was the length of a rope, and god wanted you to hang yourself from it. When the angel of Thursday fell from grace and fell in love, he tore through the foundations of fate. The bond between he and his human charge existed outside the hands of destiny. It was untouchable by the pen of any prophet, beyond the interference of angels and demons. Cas learned what happened when the strings of fate are cut and would yet discover what would become of god’s carefully crafted story when man is given true choice for the first time in history.
"I love you, Dean."
Well. It was a start.
His grip tightened on the blade in his palm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You kidding me?” Dean scoffed. Something about Sam’s reaction had him breathing a little easier. Like he was finally starting to get that Sam wasn’t gonna treat him any different. Dean relaxed his shoulders, throwing down his fork to add a little flare before he took his brother to fucking school. “You telling me you don’t know shit about James Dean? Bowie? Joplin? Freddie Mercury? Hell, I’m pretty sure every one of those dudes from Green Day are-“
He paused, throat suddenly dry. He found a bottle of water in the mini fridge and downed it before starting a second. He showered again, not thinking dirty thoughts. Not wishing Cas would walk in on him.
He wore a white bedsheet draped around his tanned, toned body and on his back were a pair of cheap tinsel angel wings Dean had spied in the costume shop earlier that evening. By the time Dean saw the matching halo bouncing on a spring above familiar blue eyes, it was too late to drop his stash.
"I tell you I love you yet?" Dean chuckled, though there was no humour in it. He was nervous, but god, he wanted this. He wanted Cas.
Silence stretched between them until Dean felt his ears burn.
The cat shrieked at the witch. Dean retrieved his bloodied blade and took half a moment to watch in bewilderment as the witch argued with the cat. Argued – as if she understood every word it said.
He wanted to kiss every fucking inch of him.
The mood was dead and buried.
The old man released him after a quick squeeze. “Help me in with these groceries, will ya?”
Cas healed the cut on Dean’s head and let his hand fall to Dean’s cheek. His eyes filled with relief. He’d be angry with Dean for his self-sacrificing later. Dean was alive and safe and whole – his soul as resplendent as ever.
After the library, the footage of Dean grieving his death, Cas had begun his sleepless night watching romantic comedies on Netflix. He’d quickly grown irritable at the predictable happy endings; instead switching to documentaries on house pets, which led to an extensive google search on emotional support animals. It was a welcome distraction.
Love didn’t make you homesick in your own damn house. Love didn’t burn out your appetite and set your whole damn mind on fire. Love didn’t crush your heart in your chest. Dean knew love as this thing you had to work for. It was tough and it
“Cas, I-“
Cas had told no one the details of what had happened in the dungeon. That was between Dean and himself. But Cas couldn’t shake the feeling that, even if he’d given Dean the strength to save the world, perhaps Cas’ words had done more harm than good to his friend.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. “Yeah, he always had the smarts for this kinda thing.”
Dean scowled, fighting off the blush on his cheeks. Didn’t matter who they were, he thought, as the performers started in on “Livin’ On A Prayer” by Bon Jovi – some songs you gotta sing out loud with your whole heart or don’t bother at all.
crap again,” he emphasized with air quotes.
Dean finished getting undressed, switching on the shower and stepping in before the water started heating up. The icy spray was a shock at first, but he welcomed it after a half a day in that sun. He scrubbed at his hair, his pits, and paused for a second.
Within minutes, the demon cracked. When Cas was sure he’d told them everything, he allowed Dean the honour of the kill.
Cas felt a rush of heat through his veins, his power surging through him. He tested his wings and felt them lift slightly. Slowly but surely. He glanced down to the angel trap drawn on the floor – now broken by the pool of blood leaking from the original vessel.
He cleared his mind. Picked out the song on the radio - a classical tune. Tinny, as it echoed through the shop. He listened to the cars in the miles down the road, the crying of a child in a stroller a few streets away. Anything else.
Cas rolled his eyes, his head tilting all the way back.
Dean stared Charlie down and in the end, she won.
Charlie made it to the Bunker in record time.
“I’m thinking on the scale of Doctor Evil to Sauron, you're the prettiest evil genius there ever was.”
Cas heard the hitch in his breathing. Noticed the slight trembling in Dean's fingers. Dean had lost too much blood – would pass out at any moment.
More images reached him, even through all the miles between them. Dean on his knees, looking at Cas in that way he often did. There was trust in that expression. Reverence. But something else, too, that Cas could not dare put a name to.
Dean smiled sarcastically and the woman only glared before picking up her pace.
Dean held out a hand and Cas took it. He felt the bond between them crackle with energy. That profound bond, always there, but never quite so alive as this.
He’d thought it the worst possible feeling to compress his true form into the body of a twenty-one-year-old devout Religious Studies student named Jimmy Novak, but sleepless nights and passing days only served to prove him wrong.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been standing there when Dean appeared behind him in the mirror. They locked eyes automatically – something like fear, regret shining in Dean’s.
“I told Castiel it was the cops that showed up,” Sam said pointedly to his brother. “It was, right?”
Bobby climbed out of the truck, slowly blinking as Dean got to his feet.
What kind of question was that anyway? Dean’s head was swimming with memories, and very few of them good. Cas dying feet in front of him after that cheap shot Lucifer pulled through the rift. Cas dead at the hands of that reaper. Cas hurting again and again all because of Dean.
"I know," Cas said softly, his face falling as he stepped toward Dean. "I thought I was going to lose you, too."
Sam laughed softly, evidently addled by exhaustion. “Do you think… Cas, you think there’s a chance Dean’s soul left a mark on you, too?”
“Shit, my bad,” Ash shouted from the back as he lowered the music.
Dean pulled the robe on, falling into autopilot mode as he made his way back to his bedroom to get dressed. Cas hadn’t come back from wherever the hell he’d zapped off to, and Dean was still in a fog when he poured himself a coffee in the kitchen.
Cas reached for the pendant, laying abandoned at Dean’s side. The moment his fingers closed around it, he knew it was a mistake.
Dean didn’t hesitate. He threw his arms around Cas with so much force, they both backed into the hallway. Dean inhaled a ragged breath, clutching at the back of Cas’ shirt. “You’re okay,” he repeated, more to himself.
The woman passed the alley, steps hastening almost to a run. Beside him, Cas heard the knuckles in Dean’s fist crack, the soft pop of his spine as he straightened and rolled his shoulders.
Cas nodded before realising Sam couldn’t see him. “It’s possible. I don’t understand why it affected me. I’ve never felt like that – not since I was human. It was as if my grace – it was separate from me. Not my vessel but…”
Cas studied the brothers for a moment; Dean with his borderline pathetically hopeful smile, and Sam’s expression of utter regret at ever having agreed to any of this.
Dean snorted. Cas made it seem easy. Like it was the most obvious thing in the world. How did you even say that to someone like Cas? Not because he’s an immortal all-powerful being, or a guy but… Dean would die for Cas. Knew they’d die for each other over and over like idiots. He’d tear the fucking world apart for Cas. Even the thought of something happening to him had Dean tear off the bedsheets, pacing the room like a wild animal.
“Fine.”
It was a challenge locating his clothes in the mayhem they’d created hours earlier. Cas zipped his pants, frowning as he spied the sleeve of his shirt stuck beneath Dean’s ass. It was a strange sense of pride that filled Cas’ chest then; his smile sheepish and secretive.
Cas looked up, eyes bright and brows furrowed. “You can reach me by text message, Dean. Sam showed me how to use the cellular phone.” As he spoke, he reached into his pocket and retrieved the phone, as if Dean needed proof.
“Huh, Cas?” Dean smiled.
“Oh,” Dean tried not to let his disappointment show. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s cool. We’ll grab a pizza, hit up a couple houses for candy. Whatever. You got a date or somethin’?” He eyed Bobby’s outfit; the clean suit he wore in place of his usual flannel, baseball cap, and blue jeans. Up until now, Dean figured he’d been out working a case.
Dean couldn’t remember if there was ever a time that he was pissed off at the sight of food. Right now, all he wanted to do was kick the cart over and smash every plate against the wall.
He stood. Paced.
When Cas reached the stage, Dean winked at Jack, patting him mindlessly as he moved to stand by his Best Man. Charlie gave him a thumbs up, and everything went quiet in Dean’s head as he faced Cas.
“Uh, Dean,” Sam said to Castiel’s right. “I think your boyfriends talking to the cat again.”
But for all his martyrdom, Dean couldn’t deny the rush of disappointment when the room was empty.
, going quiet.
Dean nodded automatically, and Cas sensed that he was lost somewhere in his thoughts. They’d gone through quite an ordeal for something seemingly so small. But the implications it held, the damage it could have inflicted. The lives it had already ruined. They both knew Cas could have retrieved and destroyed the pendant hours ago if he’d been alone but perhaps… perhaps the extra steps had been worth it.
This was gonna be fun.
… perhaps it is a selfish thing to admit, but I want everything. With you."
Dean flipped the blade in his hand. “Lady, I might be going through a dry spell, but I ain’t no...”
“I’m a witch,” Sam deadpanned. “They look just like everybody else.”
“Ssh.”
“Having fun?” he wanted to sneer, but the words never rose from his throat. Stevie got the message all the same, grinning innocently at Dean and his suffering.
“You taught me to use my heart; question authority, to find the good in people and understand that they are worth saving,” Cas pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. “You hide behind your shame, your fear, and your guilt. But I see you, Dean. From the moment I pulled your soul from Hell, I knew you. Loving you was the first choice I made as a free man. And I do - I love you, Dean,” Cas kissed him again. “I love you.”
He found Dean struggling against a wall, a different woman than he’d seen before fighting to restrain him.
. I was never one for school, myself, but Sam –“
So fucking close.
Cas was silent long enough for the truth to settle. Dean’s hands balled into fists at his side.
“Alright, well you know who to ask if you change your mind,” the dude said with a wink. “What can I get for you guys?”
Crowley stood in the entrance - walked right into the demon trap Ellen had straight up refused to lift, even for today. Not that Dean could blame her. The thing wasn't even covered, like the dude
Dean snorted. He gestured to a suit hanging from a railing in the opposite cubicle.
He turned, rolling his shoulders. Surprise obvious on his face as he saw the hot brunette in the pinstripe skirt. He licked his lips, suddenly all too aware of the stain on the pits of his old Zeppelin t-shirt, and the flannel still tied around his waist. Probably should have thought of that before walking into a joint like this.
One of the perks of pulling his head out of his ass and finally telling his best friend that he loved him in the not-so-biblical sense, was not having to shy away from those looks anymore. He’d kissed Cas for the first
Stevie was sticking to her guns. “That’s the plan.”
Bobby shrugged. “Kid’s been writing letters to some girl in his class. Thinks I don’t notice. Some Irish sounding name. I can’t remember.”
The man snapped his fingers and four balls of crackling light appeared. When he began juggling them, Dean rolled his eyes. Sam went through a magic phase a few years back. Dean felt like he’d seen every trick in the book by now, but he couldn’t begin to figure out how this dude was doing it.
“Museum?” Castiel repeated slowly, frowning at Sam. “The witch museum?”
As always, Eileen was still up, sitting at the table with a mug of tea warming her hands. Dean gave her shoulder a squeeze in greeting and she smiled. A spare mug already waiting for him in the space opposite her.
Never had been, really.
“Go ahead, sweetheart. Try it.” He snarled in her ear.
Another hour later, Dean slipped the carefully folded page into the breast pocket of the trench coat.
Cas shifted to his side to better look at Dean. His gaze was intense, unflinching. “When we first met, when I pulled you from Hell, you thought you didn’t deserve to be saved. You see yourself as a weapon, a monster. In all the time I’ve known you, you have sacrificed yourself for me, for your brother, for so many innocent people. Because you are selfless, Dean. You care, so much. You say you don’t deserve me, but I look back on all that I have done. The people I failed, the brothers and sisters I killed. I betrayed you. I betrayed Heaven. I betrayed everyone I ever believed in,” Cas paused, his eyes falling on the handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “We are the same, you and I, Dean. We have both done the wrong things for the right reasons. I learned to forgive myself, because of you. Because of your resilience, your heart."
Cas disappeared in the crowd, flying directly into the building.
Dean’s heart raced. Shit. He scratched the back of his head, grossed out by the dampness. This place was disgusting, man. It had no business being this swampy. “Nah, I’m good,” he said, avoiding the point with a damn wide berth. “M’hungry, too. Let’s go some place that does food. The fancy kind,” he added, letting a hit of excitement wash over him.
Dean found himself nodding along, his brows pinched together. “And that’s good, right?” he heard himself say.
Dean’s brain slowed down once again, which was honestly for the best. Was this guy being serious? Dean didn’t know whether to laugh or be impressed. It was a pretty cool name, as names went. Not exactly the kind he might have given a guy dressed in a slutty angel costume, sure, but... Dean swallowed, determined not to look too hard into the authority of that brow. His gaze settled on those bare muscled thighs for a moment.
, the Empty hissed, growing angry.
Dean shrugged.
Dean made some flippant remark about sex, and the demon lady smiled, shoving him harder.
When they arrived at the house, Castiel felt an unnatural chill prick at the back of his vessel’s neck. Jimmy’s instincts were to fear this place, the angel understood. But he was safe. Castiel would not let harm befall any of them.
Instead of restitching to the otherwise repaired chair, the wooden leg plunged into the stomach of the dark-haired witch.
Dean had known that long before he’d turned Sam’s age. How was it that Sam didn’t seem to get it at all?
Dean snorted. “Dude,
Cas’ heart hammered. He studied the small line of concentration knit between Dean’s brows. The length of his lashes. Noticing how Dean bit his lower lip gently with each trail of the razor. The goosebumps that raised along his bare arms, disturbing the smattering of freckles all the way to his shoulders.
want to see.
God, it was good to see him.
“Perhaps I should go first,” Castiel said as Dean put one foot in the door. The freckled man turned back, a brilliant grin on his face.
The angel looked down at a small pile of crumbs on the table, smiling grimly at an old memory of his own. Perhaps it was time he shared this one selfish indulgence he’d acted on several years back. It had been in the early days of their friendship, when perhaps even “allies” was too strong a description for them.
Dean was suddenly nervous as shit, but he nodded, pulling Charlie in for another hug.
Cas smiled apologetically at the young boy. “Your brother is right, Dean. The house belonged to the three Sanderson sisters; Rowena, Ruby, and Meg. Back in 1793, they were hanged for the killing of young children.”
he reminded himself. It was good that Dean was going out and meeting people. He deserved this.
Dean looked at Cas then; his tie hanging loose, his shirt half-untucked from his pants. His lips just begging to be bitten. An angel with a sensual case of bedhead was about the only thing that could bring Dean Winchester to his knees. But Dean forced himself to stand tall and scoop his mind from the gutter. This was real, damn it. He wanted - Dean reluctantly dragged his attention from Cas' lips, daring to meet his searching gaze. There was so much to say, so much he still needed to wrap his head around. But all that he could get out was: “You promise you won’t make me forget this?”
And heard a groan at the other side of the table.
Charlie linked her arm in his, her other already fastened around her girlfriend’s waist.
“Dad left me.” The words came out louder than he intended after the struggle to even speak them at all. “I dunno where he is. I’ve wanted to come here for months, man. Way before he took off. I wanted to see how you were doin’. See how Bobby’s settling in. I just wanted…” What the hell did he want, exactly?
Dean looked back only once at Cas, at Jordan, and winked.
Soulless.
it felt to stand this close. Not one bit.
Cas stared him down, the silence between them a physical thing. Painful. Stretching.
People screamed, ducking, blades singing, and guns cocked on instinct alone as every lightbulb in the building exploded. Sparks rained down on them, and Dean grinned, brushing the dusting of glass from Cas’ feather-soft hair. His fingers lingered, trailing gently through the strands.
He dropped back onto the bed, Cas' name a moan on his lips.
Dean reached out, tracing the back of Cas’ hand with his thumb. “You doin’ okay?”
Cas sat on the sofa, holding the paper with unsteady hands. It hadn’t been there before. He was sure of it. Which meant Dean must have slipped it into his coat before he returned it that morning.
Before he could help it, Cas was outside the library. He paused, listening for any sound of life on the other side of the door, but was met only with silence.
If you enjoyed this, please consider leaving kudos and/or a comment! I love hearing what you guys think.
Dean crossed his arms, tilting his head back to look down at Sam even more than he already was. Was this asshole really gonna make him spell it out? He’d told him already. He wasn’t about to say
Castiel frowned. “The cat,” he said seriously.
was in the bathroom. But he thought of Cas in that moment when Dean had leaned in, unconsciously at first, then hyper-aware of their closeness. Of the decision he'd made when Cas' hopeful eyes had dropped to Dean's lips. Nothing about that had felt weird.
“Shut up,” Sam scowled. The tips of his ears burned red, and he refused to look at Dean.
Dean let out a bitter laugh.
This chapter was one of the hardest to write. The line between accepting their own feelings and realising the other could possibly feel the same was always blurred for Dean & Cas. Especially with their mountains of other burdens on top of *gestures vaguely*  all that. They are both so stupid (affectionate) but I wanted to stay true to their hang-ups. We're heading toward the finish line, though, and it'll all pay off tenfold. I promise. Hang in there!
He wasn’t a
What Cas had not expected was Dean’s utter despair.
“He stole dad’s jacket,” Dean hissed. His pulse was racing, his eyes cold and lethal.
“Fine,” Castiel relented. The timbre of his voice sent chills all the way down Dean’s bowlegs. “Wait here,” he gestured down to the white sheet clinging to his frankly gorgeous body, “I need to change my clothes.”
“Sorry, but,” Sam said, his stupid face looking more amused than apologetic, “I just can’t imagine dad and Cas shooting the shit-“
Dean blinked as the angel circled him, inspecting him for unseen injuries. “Uh, nothing. Fell,” he added quickly. Castiel forced himself to ignore the pointed look between the brothers.
He turned on the bathroom lighting and the last remaining lamp by Cas’ head, before switching off the chandelier. Grateful as ever for his false credit card details, Dean pulled a dresser to the middle of the room. It shook as he climbed atop, and he ignored the faint sound of Sam’s voice through the phone, now abandoned by the bed.
Castiel recalled the beauty of a world he’d once watched sprout from infancy. There was nothing of it here in this barren land. No birds to sing the songs of the forest. No rabbits to feast upon the greens. There were no squirrels gathering for the winter. There was no winter at all. For there to be seasons, there must be change. For there to be gathering, there must be family. For there to be feasts, there must be hunger. And Castiel was empty.
"Cas?" Dean's voice wavered.
A couple of minutes passed as they waited for their bill, and another couple of texts came through.
John Winchester never said another word to Dean about Sam; had shut him out every time Dean so much as tried to bring it up. But Dean had overheard the hushed phone calls. The arguments.
Dean was already in the shower when Cas returned to their hotel room.
But he
Cas’ smile faltered at the sight of Crowley, his sapphire eyes squinting in a glare.
Nope.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” She hoped.
“Now you’re the one with the scheming face.” Stevie said slowly. “What’re you thinking?”
Dean frowned. He didn’t ask what kind of shit Cas had broken up just now, but he knew it wasn’t pretty. He’d wondered sometimes what it was like for Cas; to hear all these voices, angel and human. To feel their pain. It humbled him sometimes, when John’s voice cursed him out in his head after a bad hunt. After Sammy or Cas got hurt. Whatever crap Dean was going through, he knew Cas had it worse.
“We can just go around back, dumbass,” he pointed toward the graveyard at the end of the road.
“Jack’s alright,” Sam said quickly, seeing the look on his brother’s face.
“Play nice, sister,” Rowena said. Her voice was sickly sweet, and Dean was reminded of the witches in children’s storybooks. If there was one thing he’d learned from all the nightmarish creatures he’d faced – all the worst monsters came in deceiving packages. Rowena turned to Dean again, and though her smile was warm, her black eyes were anything but. “I will not ask again, boy. Was it you that summoned us from the grave?”
New chapter Mondays & Thursdays!
. He didn’t pound on douchebags for the fun of it. He wasn’t
Cas frowned. “What’s wrong?”
someone to have to free him.
Cas grinned then and Dean kissed him quick, his hands buried in Cas' hair. It was all teeth and bumping noses at first, but when his tongue brushed against Cas’, he swore there was nothing like this. Dean felt exactly how badly Cas wanted him when the angel pressed him harder into the wall, his hips grinding against Dean's. All these years thinking angels couldn't get it up... that they weren't into this kinda...
He’d get the jacket back. Just not tonight.
After a quick shower –
“Angel Radio,” Cas replied simply, still sifting through thousands of voices. Angel Radio – he’d hated the name at first, but it had grown on him. All of this had – humanity, hunting. The Winchesters. How quickly he’d rebelled for the sake of these mortal souls. For Dean.
He hadn’t been ready to put on a show for Sam. To pretend like everything was all peaches and gravy when it wasn’t. So, Dean had been sitting on the front porch next to the worst carved pumpkins he’d ever seen. His ass was long asleep, and the goosebumps that had broken out all down his arms felt like some kind of karma for losing his dad’s jacket.
It was a mistake taking Dean with him today.
“Pussy,” the cat jeered.
“You’ll pay for this,” Ruby spat. “You have no idea what you’re messing with.”
"How the hell d'you get so good at this?"
Dean settled next to Cas on the sofa with only the pizza box to separate them. Sam curled up on the armchair with a handful of slices stacked on top of one another on a plate. He picked off pieces of pepperoni, dropping them on the wooden floor for the cat to pick at.
. He pointed to a heavily decorated building about twenty feet away that read “Coffee House”. There had to be at least ten carved pumpkins outside; there was no way anyone could miss it. Dean might have been embarrassed at how stupid that made him look, but when the dude opened his mouth, Dean wasn’t prepared for that voice. “They have coffee. I believe it’s… decent.”
***********
Old hand-carved tables were topped with half-melted candle sticks. A large black iron cauldron hung from the wooden rafters on thick chains. There was a small merchandise stand that still held packs of candles and toy wands, presumably as gifts for tourists. Mounted above a closet door were three broomsticks, perfectly preserved and untouched even by the small creatures that had taken refuge in the dark.
The thief ran uphill, and with the weight of Dean’s bag slowing him down, Dean caught up with him in no time. He dropped his dad’s jacket at the side of the road and dove for the guy. Grabbing him by the scruff of his patchwork shirt, Dean couldn’t help the snort of laughter when he got a good look at the guy.
Sam quickly fixed the cap, muttering, “knew I should have gone to the museum.”
Dean glanced up at the sound of her footsteps. He looked so sad she could hardly stand it. Charlie reached the other side of the table and threw her arms around his shoulders. Dean was tense, his skin a little cold and clammy, but Charlie didn’t let go. After a moment, or maybe five, Dean’s arms curled around her waist in return.
Dean huffed. They turned the corner onto the next street, and he stopped in his tracks.
Dean had the best collection of music, but Cas knew better than to touch his records.
“Jerk.”
Dean couldn’t fucking believe this. “I’m- “. It was an effort of restraint to keep from apologising again. If that really was how Cas felt, what he wanted… “Don’t ever go Men In Black with my head again, you hear me?” When Cas frowned, tilting his head in that adorable way of his, Dean gruffly started over. He knew what he wanted to say, what Cas needed to hear. But he was so damn scared that this wasn't real. That Cas didn't understand what he was saying. That Dean would say the wrong thing and he'd lose the one person he ever wanted, for good this time.
working, and it sure as shit wasn’t going to start now.
He didn’t know if it was the adrenaline or because he was already half-sick with fear over Cas, but this time the flying wasn’t nearly as bad. The moment his feet touched the ground, Cas dropped against him, too weak to hold himself up.
“Just checking,” Dean smiled. Then hurried to the bathroom, hastily buttoning up his flannel before picking up the iron bar, and with it, the pendant.
She’s gonna kill him.
“Like I said, I did what I had to. For Sammy.”
Dean closed his eyes, relaxing as the weight of Castiel settled on top of him. Kissing lower, fingers locking through Dean’s own. Cas shut Dean up real quick with a scuffle of blankets and scorching kisses, bleary eyes and soft moans. Desperate grabs leading to Dean laying on top of the angel, sated and safe.
“Alright, so where is the big guy?” Charlie prompted, looking between the three of them.
Before she could respond, another text came through.
enemies. They’d always been on the same side, he and Cas. Even when things got so fucked up. Even when they’d betrayed each other, their goals were always the same. Their hearts always in the right place at the wrong time.
He had not known another taste of true happiness until weeks ago. On a night rent with tension; blood on his hands, and wide eyes filled with stars and hope before him. Nervous, overjoyed.
Okay, Bradbury. You got this.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Alright, alright. What I’m trying to say is – is that ever since you pulled me out of hell – Cas, baby, you said I changed you. That you cared because I cared. Man, without you I would have stopped caring a
Dean’s head spun with every attempt to wrap his mind around it. That it really happened; Cas telling Dean he loved him. Cas kissing him against the wall that way he’d kissed Meg a couple years back. The image of which had definitely
Dean forced himself to blink, his eyes so dry they stung at the movement.
Charlie smacked him lightly on the shoulder. “I’m serious, Dean,” she said, sliding off the table and walking around to his other side. “It doesn’t matter how you got here, but you did. You love him, right?”
The sun had gone down; the room lit only by the glow of the streetlights outside. Cas watched as the woman who’d lured Dean picked up the gun.
“Ready?” Castiel asked, his brows raised and a soft, almost nervous, smile on his lips.
An old anger threatened to overtake Cas for a moment. If this was true - if Anna had seen the marking on him, she would have known what Dean had meant to him. What Dean would yet come to mean to Castiel.
He was under no illusion that Dean would not have doubts about what they’d done. That he’d told Sam at all had been a gift in itself. The pride he’d felt for Dean in that moment still lingered. Dean was a man with an unfathomable collection of invisible scars; had a burden of such tremendous weight that Cas knew he may be the only one who truly appreciates the strain. It was no small thing for the eldest Winchester to share his vulnerabilities.
“Listen guys, I put up with all that banging earlier tonight but come on- you got a room. Stay in it, or I’ll have to call…” The man paused, blinking at Cas. “Justin, is that you?”
“I mean, you don’t have to,” Dean grinned, openly checking out Castiel. The slutty angel looked entirely unimpressed. Dean mumbled something about them waiting, swallowing down the lick of disappointment. He watched as Castiel ascended the large white marble staircase in front of the entrance; eyes wide and lecherous as he lamented the last sighting of the outfit.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, rubbing his eyes and blinking away the stars afterward.
Charlie’s palm gently beat against his shoulder and Cas snapped to attention. His brows rose in amusement. Even through her playful assault, Charlie’s eyes never left the screen.
“For the last bloody time, its Crowley!”
“Yeah, nice… leaves and all that crap,” he said quickly. “So, uh. I hope I’ll see you around?”
Dean smirked against Cas’ lips. “Third times’ the charm.”
With the trench coat warming his lap, for the next hour Dean scrawled out every stupid thing in his brain. A solution for every fear. A counter argument against every bit of bullshit. One best case scenario for every worst.
He didn’t feel any different. Still gave a shit whether his best friend lived or died. Still ready to give it all to fix up Cas. A soulless person couldn’t do that, right?
It was strange, Castiel thought, to find such similarities in a human.
“I came here because I missed you, alright?” Dean said quietly. He felt so small, so pitiable even admitting it. Family was a weapon and being vulnerable only served to sharpen the blade that would eventually strike him.
The sound of something hitting the counter startled him so bad he almost dropped the mug right at his feet.
An image of himself on his knees staring up at Dean crashed into his mind. Exposed. Unholy.
Charlie had winked, and Cas wondered if he’d missed an informal invitation to pry about her conversation with Dean last night. Somehow, he couldn’t bring himself to ask. If Dean wanted to be around Cas, he would have by now.
“Sam’s buying, by the way,” Dean prompted. “So, y’know, no need to worry about paying.”
Dean was moving without thinking until there was no more space between them.
Dean woke to a dark room, fighting to breathe through aching lungs. He closed his fists tight around the thin bedsheets, battling against the echoes of the nightmare.
“You got it,” Dean smiled softly. “Thanks.”
“Dean!” Castiel warned, desperately praying he could get inside. Even as the ancient building shook, the warding held fast. Castiel was helpless.
Cas shrugged, his attention fixed on the hot vampires on TV.
“How ‘bout new boyfriends?”
Charlie had to be kidding.
Cas heard Sam shift on his feet.
are my salvation. I am… honoured to be yours. Your husband.”
But Dean’s wide beautiful eyes were only on Cas.
Charlie shrugged in response. She nudged Cas, rolling her eyes dramatically in their friends’ direction. Cas smiled softly.
“Besides, y’know, those Carver Edlund books talk lot about Dee-stiel,” she said, quickly opening the door with a wink at Dean.
Dean had walked the last block to the museum. He sure as shit wasn’t gonna be seen in no Tesla. He’d met Karla-with-a-K at the back of the line; tall, blonde, and gorgeous enough to be here sniffing around for a date with expensive taste. One look at Dean, and he knew the lady was barking up the wrong tree. But what’s a guy to do when a chick like that offers to show him
Dean grinned. Fuck. He loved him so much, so hard, he didn't know what to do with it all.
Dean was nodding, but he wasn’t talking. Cas was looking down at the letter, his head tilted to the side. Cas’ back was pointed toward the security camera, Dean’s face half shaded beneath a lens flare, but it was more than enough to see how tense things were between them.
“Don’t say ‘yeah, okay’ like
Dean’s lips pressed into the smallest smile and he waved her off, half-heartedly.
Mostly.
Dean’s hands curled into fists at his side. Short nails digging into his palms hard enough to draw blood. Why did he feel like this? Why was he so angry at Cas, when less an hour ago he'd almost…
“He’s so sweet,” Stevie sighed, watching Charlie’s phone screen as she typed.
“Sam! Hey, Sammy!” he called, making his way around the stupid little gravestones.
"I want to see you," Cas mumbled against Dean's jaw.
Stevie snorted. “I was thinking Parent Trap, but sure. Let’s go with that.”
Dean quickly patted Cas on the shoulder, too aware that the angel could see through the forced smile he’d fought to plaster on his face. Dean left with a nod and awkward wave of his hand, almost bumping into the doorway on his way out.
Eileen and Cas looked up from the table below at her usual “s’up, bitches?” greeting. Eileen got up and hugged her, and god damn, the woman was strong. Cas hung back, a fond smile on his face.
Dean fished around in his blood-crusted pocket for his phone, but the damn screen was cracked. He tore back the sheets, stomach flipping from how cold Cas was beneath his touch, and found Cas’ phone. Mercifully intact.
With the witches gone, Sam decides to be a pain in the ass little brother. But with pizza on the way, Dean and Cas finally get a little alone time together.
“But-“
Castiel was awake. He was alive. He was free.
“If you don’t want to do this,” Cas began calmly, and Dean’s mind raced at what the hell Cas could mean in the space between his next words, “go home.”
“Dean, what’s wrong?”
. Small tasks they could perform to remind the other they are appreciated and loved.
Dean swallowed. “A corkscrew’s sounding real good now, huh, dad?” he mumbled to himself. To John.
Dean kissed him back desperately, arms tightening around Cas’ waist. His heart was hammering so hard between them, he was sure Cas would feel it.
“Dean, I love you, but I also know you. Did you or did you not tell Cas about this letter?”
There was a pause, long enough that even Cas understood it was strained.
Dean’s eyes flitted between the angel’s eyes and lips. He rolled his shoulders, something Castiel recognised as Dean regaining his composure. “Hey, check this out,” he said, in a tone that made it clear he was changing the subject. He pulled the package of salt toward him, tapping a label decorated with inaccurate depictions of bats and pumpkins.
Dean tried again.
“So,” Dean mentally psyched himself up for the real talk. “How’s things? With Sammy here and all that?” His words were casual, but Dean felt the weight of Bobby’s knowing stare the second they left his mouth.
Dean thought. “Okay, so come with us,” he batted his lashes at the scantily clad angel of Halloween.
“You can’t go there,” Castiel said hurriedly, his wide eyes on Dean and his head inclined meaningfully toward Sam. If there was some kind of silent message he was trying to relay, it was lost on Dean. “The museum closed down a long time ago. It’s not safe.” The words were pointed, clipped.
And sometimes, Dean swore he saw a little of himself in Jack, too.
“Shut up,” Dean warned. “Not you, Cas. Castiel,” he pondered for a moment. “What kinda name is that anyway? Sounds biblical.” Castiel froze. “Your parents religious nuts or something?” Dean pushed. They started toward the gates of the graveyard and the empty street beyond.
For a guy who once tried to take the name ‘god’, Dean wondered if Cas knew he had more grit than Chuck ever showed. Cas had landed them in some deep shit over the years, but the dude cared. If Dean had the words and the balls to say it, he’d tell him. Tell Cas exactly how much he’d changed. He wasn’t the angel Dean had met in that barn all those years ago. Even back then, some part of Dean had trusted him. But Cas – Cas was someone different to
But he was no hammer.
Jack might enjoy having a pet. Cas smiled fondly at the thought and made the formal decision to spend his evening learning everything there was to know about the creatures.
Dean just smiled and held two hands out in surrender, not so subtly glancing around the makeshift altar they sat at.
If Cas knew, then what was he
. Dean threw caution to the wind and slipped a leg between Castiel's calves, pushing through his anxiety to kiss the boy yet again.
especially not to his best friend.
Dean, from where he was sitting, still had the other boy in view over his shoulder, sending the image of Castiel cascading down the reflection as well. Cas watched Dean’s expression change, flickering from contemplation, through nervousness, and landing on a familiar look of self-assuredness. He smiled but kept his eyes on the mirror as he spoke to Castiel. “So, what happens if I see them?”
Cas had to agree, even though he had sighed at Dean’s antics. He scooted towards the other boy. The plate being in Dean’s hands gave Cas good reason to get closer to him, holding the candle carefully between Dean and the plate, the shadow on the wall coming into focus.
- had gone offline somewhere between the first and second kiss. He wasn’t sure it mattered anymore.
“What are you showing me?” Castiel just saw Dean, as beautiful as always, and his reflection, no presence, no apparition.
Once the girl was safely deposited at her apartment and Dean returned to his home, Castiel made the short drive up the street to his condo. Soon enough, Cas proved his estimation correct and fell into bed at 3:15, head flooded with the thoughts he had tried to hide during his workday, unable to use the guise of professionalism to prevent any personal emotions from slipping through.
He did; he did know that. Dean nodded. The angel turned his face in, brushing his cheek against Dean’s neck, inciting a shiver with the way breath moved over the skin of his throat. He really was starting to feel like Demi Moore with the way Castiel’s hands were placed over his own, one still moving over the sigil and the other resting at their side.
the angel; he was just pissed and thought it was the angelic equivalent of, like, a drunken right hook.
His newfound understanding of a hypothetical question was one of Dean’s favorites, up there with the exaggerated eye roll. The man squinted at Dean in that familiar way, and Dean felt his stomach jump.
“Am I supposed to actually understand that?” Dean reeled back his instinct to roll his eyes, although the angel knew his intentions anyway. Damned mind reader.
He managed to get between Cas and the cooler without too much trouble (No trouble, actually. Instead, he just pouted until Cas couldn't hold back the need to press their lips together, and when he did, Dean used the opportunity to move between Cas and the cooler).
expect to see Dean sitting on top of a desk in the front row, a few boys surrounding him as if Dean were holding mass. The boys laughed loudly, joking and surely catching up on their summers. The first thing Castiel could overhear was one of the tallest boys poking fun at Dean's freckles.
Cas frowned then, his forehead scrunching up at the observation. "Is that supposed to be a compliment?"
- Y’know what? On that note, I’m out of here. If you change your mind….”
He kept their last kiss way too chaste, almost impersonal, and Dean could feel himself shoving down his emotions even as Castiel stood there in front of him, blue eyes swimming with emotion. When Dean pulled back, Castiel's forehead was knit together, holding his feelings in tight. Dean ignored the hurt in Castiel's expression as he said goodbye and rushed away to his car. He knew he was acting like an asshole, and so suddenly, especially after the beautiful summer he had just had. Even if Cas wasn't going to be states from here in a week, it's not like Dean was precisely out of the closet. Small towns (and his father) could be cruel, and he'd never had any reason to risk it. Everything ends.
“It’s Christmas wine,” Dean said plainly as if it wasn’t August and nearing 100 degrees outside.
The smile that cracked on Cas’s face made Dean blush and jerk back, running his fingers through his hair as an excuse for the sudden movement.
as part of the future, Dean seeing him
“These are my last two. You can take 'em since I know how much it sucks to run out of power in the middle of… something.” The pause before something was more of hesitation than a tease, but Dean saw the way Castiel’s jaw clenched, & he felt the man look him up & down. That was enough to goad him on, so he continued. “Or, you could stay for a drink? Maybe then we’ll see if you wanna take these home?” Dean waved the package a little, hoping he wasn’t too forward.
“Then, once you picked at least three hundred different seeds, you just marched us up to the register.
, but he really has to go
Dean continued rocking his hips up into Castiel, breaking the kiss to throw his head back against the pillow when Cas joined in. Castiel’s body enveloped his own, arms wrapped around Dean’s back and his lips finding purchase on Dean’s exposed neck. Both of the men were moving together, hips bucking, chests heaving with the effort to pull air from the thick atmosphere around them. Dean bit back an especially loud moan, turning to hide his face in the pillow, but Castiel caught on and grabbed hold of his hair to keep him from muffling his pleasure.
Castiel had lost track of time entirely, consumed by the essay in his hands when Dean rolled down the partition from his side. The soft, mechanical
Dean was frozen then, face to face with Cas, his mind currently host to a tornado of actions and consequences. Castiel’s eyes were so gentle, caring yet expectant, maybe even hoping, and Dean thought for the first time that Castiel might want this as much as he does. He rejected that immediately. Any of that hope bullshit will just lead to more disappointment when Castiel reveals this all to be a joke, or worse, a mistake.
“Happy President’s Day.”
Cas laughed after a few beats of silence. Dean scowled.
“How long you been in this body?” That question seemed safe to ask, and when Dean wasn’t immediately smited (smitten? smote? smoted?) off the face of the planet, he relaxed a bit. There was a couch in the room, one of the only furniture pieces that still lingered, and so he sat down on the arm to force an air of confidence.
Right then, Charlie's voice cut clean through the air. The air of strain in her greeting made Castiel hesitate, but it didn't seem to throw Dean or Gilda off from what Castiel could hear, still frozen in place. One moment, Cas was holding the shaker, avoiding his
, fucking deep,” & with those words, Dean’s thin illusion of self-control shattered. He was palming at himself with one hand as he struggled with his waistband with his other before he could coordinate enough to complete the simple task of undressing. The man next door let out a rumbling moan, Dean imagined he could feel it in his chest if they were pressed together, & he finally pulled his sweats down to his thighs & took his erection in hand, starting to move at the pace the neighbor set for him. He bit back his own gasp, far more interested in the one-man symphony coming from next door. Dean was pretty sure that he’d never heard any music better than this sound, & for a man with a wardrobe of band tees and a car full of cassette tapes, that was saying a lot.
Dean looked around the room pointedly and then back to the man, raising an eyebrow in a challenge. Before he could speak up, the man cut him off.
? Dean liked the adrenaline rush. The danger is the fun part, sometimes, at least. Definitely, now that it seemed Castiel had no intentions of killing him any time soon.
He scoffed in response. Cas only smiled and leaned back, acting as if he held the answers to everything in his head.
He cleaned out his cut as best as he could at the small counter sink, distracting himself from the pain by humming some vaguely familiar tune. Once satisfied, Dean hopped up on the exam table, sitting cross-legged and awkwardly craning his neck to look down at his chest. He was mostly done bleeding, but he knew his father would insist on stitching him up. Even though John was states away, he could practically hear him now, going in for the hundredth time about how Dean should have been ready, should have blocked the hit, should have been smarter, how Sam would have never been so careless to let his guard down, that he would have done the research, done it the right way and not gotten distracted by a
Dean hadn’t been joking before. When picturing their first kiss, it didn’t exactly go down with discovering one of Cas’s secret kinks and then an apparent game of chicken until Cas was all but grinding into his lap. He always thought about quietly hushed confessions and soft kisses, lots of them, small presses of love against every inch of Castiel’s body. He thought about finding the perfect time, maybe some chick-flick shit like the sunset or something, telling Cas his eyes are the prettiest thing there, kissing him until they’re breathless. He thought about kissing Cas silent when he’s going off on some tangent that Dean barely can follow. He had nearly countless fantasies about how this moment would have unfolded, and the reality was somehow more
He may need to rethink the selfish part, considering the way Dean was kissing him back with nearly as much suspended passion.
Not that Cas was planning on breaking the staring contest he seemed to be perpetually caught in with Dean. That woman could have entirely disappeared and at least one of the men wouldn’t have noticed, likely neither of them would.
Castiel blinked again, and Dean was pretty sure the angel didn’t need to and was simply proving a point about how stupid his attempts at communication were. Maybe a blink in angel meant, “if you do not stop talking, I will turn you into ash,” but Dean wasn’t sure. Castiel didn’t give him much by way of body language for interpretation, either.
“Maybe I am, but you’re a witch.”
Cas pouted, a hand immediately shooting up to attempt and flatten the various strands that seemed to point where they please. “It is not sex hair. I’ll have you know I showered.” He gestured to the strange clothing he wore, seemingly two sizes too big for Castiel because he looked small, and he isn’t. He looked enough to pick up and toss around a little, small enough that if he were to only be wearing the t-shirt, it’d still cover everything, and
Dean knew he had his pocket knife, but his gun was tucked away safely in the trunk outside. Today really was not Dean’s day. Instead of sinking into the depths of self-flagellation for getting himself into the situation, he decided to take a page out of the stranger’s book and pretend this was an entirely normal interaction to be having at half-past three in the morning. Plus, it looked like he could take this guy if it came down to it, he thought he had a few inches and at least 20 pounds on the man. Add that to the stubborn desperation that Dean would feel if he encountered another obstacle tonight, and he was positive he’d make it to that Magic Fingers mattress that night if it was the last thing he ever did. “You wouldn’t happen to be here to help, are ya? Or just gonna judge from over there?”
He had to skip ahead in his fantasy a little bit when he heard the familiar sound of the bed frame creak next door. It sounded just like someone being thrown onto the bed, & Dean imagined it was he that was being manhandled, spread out & taken instead.
School was great, but his family was a different story, though. Their dad was back and insisted on a family dinner to celebrate their first day, Sammy, Dean, and John, all one big happy family. Dean could see through the charade, though. He knew it was never about him and Sammy or school at all - this was about the
“Well. Um. Thanks for that.”
For the resulting twenty minutes or so, Castiel led Dean around the space, showing him a few additional sigils, combining a few here and there, beefing up the existing protection, and adding some in languages Dean had barely heard of, let alone knew how to write in. He spoke the entire time, with the precise knowledge of a being who’d seen these languages come to be. The whole experience was entirely too educational and not nearly enough sexually charged enough for Dean’s likings, especially in comparison to his earlier fantasy.
his movements stopped and he rode out his orgasm underneath Castiel’s weight. Cas watched Dean with awestruck eyes, trying to hold on just a few seconds longer to appreciate Dean’s beauty,
So, once it seemed the hallways cleared up after the clamor that Fridays usually bring, Castiel gathered his things. Just a quick packing of his books, a refill of his water bottle, and Cas was off to wander the halls. St. Cecelia's was
Of course, the cheap too-soft bed did not lend Dean any assistance, instead just creating a perfect Cas-sized valley right next to him.
because you’re lusting over some faceless man with a sex voice?” Sam raised an eyebrow, looking down at Dean with a challenging stare that would have normally propelled him into a further argument, setting fire to his competitive nature, but more important things were at hand.
In a flagrant display of dramatics, Dean held out his hand, partially bowed with his legs in a slight curtsy. Cas laughed softly and put his hand out into Dean's waiting palm. "My lord," Dean forced the words out through tight lips, forcing his smile down for the bit. He even used an awful posh accent, really milking the moment for the sake of entertaining Castiel.
Dean thought he heard a slight pause between '
“Long enough to know you don’t know much about proper medical procedure or sanitation.” The man, who was wearing a matching blue and gray striped pajama set, looked just as out of place as Dean did, standing with near-perfect posture, yet somehow exuding a sense of calm. Something about this man’s unnatural ease had Dean’s nerves melting away as well, despite, well,
"I just… I don't know, man, I just wanted to kiss you, and I did, and I'm sorry - I don't - I'm not-" However, as Dean spoke, the denial seemed manufactured, nearly forced.
As if on cue, the woman pulled away slightly to speak, voice lilting and crystal clean, not even close to what Dean needed to hear. That was it. He barely registered her words, blinked twice before he stuttered out some bullshit excuse about needing the bathroom before he turned straight towards the exit.
Once Dean was finished, he leaned forward and spoke softly near Castiel’s ear, his breath surely ghosting over the sensitive skin there. “You’re ready to go, sweetheart.”
Dean pulled against the tight grip on his hair, the stinging pleasure-pain not nearly enough to hold him back from taking Castiel back into his mouth.
have felt some vague embarrassment at the way Castiel’s words, mere innuendo, were making him weak in the knees. He’s used to being in charge, having his partners swooning over his charms, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Not with that intense stare focused on him, not with the way he was almost cornered against the examination table, and especially not with the way that Castiel was slotting one of his thighs between Dean’s own, giving him just a tease of pressure where he wants it.
Dean still wanted more, and so he took it.
Dean glared at him, the look enough to send most men into a sign of submission, but barely enough to phase Castiel. The angel powered on, only fueled by the fire he saw behind Dean’s eyes. “Apparently so, regardless of the correct directions.” He kept his gaze trained on Dean’s hand where it sat, absolutely not moving towards the turn signal, no matter how hard Castiel willed it to. “You’re acting purposefully obtuse, Dean. You’re only causing us to be late.”
On any occasion, Dean had found himself with his hand on Cas’s, and he was always just as taken aback and just as tempted to take hold and never let go.
Dean seemed to sense his claustrophobia, and he shifted his weight back to his other foot, leaning slightly towards the wall to give Castiel more space and freeing an exit through the door. He couldn't help but return the action when Dean hit him with a winning smile, and Castiel visibly relaxed. He wasn't sure what exactly it had been, but he saw a change in Dean at that moment, and every undercurrent of worry drifted away. When Dean spoke, Castiel thought he might notice the difference there as well, but he passed it off as projection.
this guy? Did the other angels think he was as weird as Dean did? Castiel’s eyes flicked towards him at that thought, and he was reminded his brain wasn’t private anymore.
"Nice, choir boy points," Dean's words were teasing, but there was no malice, only warmth. Cas found himself blushing and holding back a big smile that would give away his slowly forming crush. "I just used the bus stop, nothin' too special. Bet yours were much better. Do you think you could…". Dean trailed off, lifting up his camera again, this time as an offering to Castiel, who just squinted back in return.
The beach was small enough that you couldn't escape the sounds of Dean's little radio. This didn't usually bother anyone; on busy days, the other beachgoers added their own noises to the mayhem, and on quiet days there wasn't anyone to complain. Dean dragged his eyes away from the boy and his book, opting to refocus on the waves and smooth guitar riffs from his speakers. A few songs later, the music faded into a commercial break with a jump in volume that shocked Dean out of his reverie just in time to see the other boy startle as well.
Dean could do little more than watch this man curiously from his place on the floor. Once Castiel was leaning against the wall, the shotgun awkwardly held in one hand, the pistol still pointed towards Dean, he spoke. “Alright. You can get up. But don’t come closer. Go over there.” Castiel pointed at the wall across from him, putting a good 15 feet between them.
“Any staring at that point holds no bearing as to why the woman had thought we were together. What
"You should tell your little friends that you're staying! Gosh, you'll end up at the same school, you could already have friends! Oh, Castiel, this will be perfect," Castiel's mother jabbered on as she fawned over him, straightening his collar here, smoothing a stray hair there. Cas held back the frown he felt pulling at his mouth with the mention of any friends he had gained and just nodded at his mother. He had no friends here. He had spent all his time building a relationship that had a self-destruction date he hadn’t been aware of. Dean made it crystal clear he wanted nothing to do with Cas; they were nothing more than some summer fling.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas hesitated briefly before sitting next to Dean instead of returning to his post across the table. He felt he was going to have to help Dean with anything he had planned regardless, so it’d only be easier to stay close, right?
I asked about your drawing, because it is
The woman serving their table had grinned at them, Dean had given her his best charming smile in return, they ordered, and the woman disappeared.
“Wh- How do you know my name?”
“I… Yeah. I think so. You got a minute while I look?” Dean immediately turned away from the man in his doorway to hide the blush he felt creeping into his cheeks as he walked deeper into the apartment to search.
Still, Castiel couldn't hold back the fond smile tugging at his lips. He had seen her over the week, passing through hallways and behind him in class, but he hadn't spoken anything to her directly. She seemed eager to talk to him, and he didn't even know her name.
“What’s the plan?” Dean asked, nose wrinkled against the stench of the heated garbage nearby. Cas tried not to notice how the shape of his freckles changed at the movement. How his skin pinkened, slightly glossy. Small beads of sweat forming beneath the line of his short hair. Already the heat was affecting him.
“You should have stayed with dad.”
Cas listened, unseen, as the managers of the museum gave brief statements. When the pendant had been missing from the auction, the bidding had been postponed. It wasn’t until after the event that those in charge searched the building – only to discover five bodies on the top floor. Two females, three males.
He felt a tap at his shoulder, and Cas turned with a frown. He knew it couldn’t be Dean – would have sensed his presence. And yet the strong hand that lifted from Cas’ blazer had him doubt himself, if only for a second. The man was – human. Brown skin, and dark, kind eyes that lit with a smile when Cas faced him fully. He was tall. Handsome. Decidedly not the type interested in harvesting the souls of innocents.
A shot rang out, another.
Three women – three witches – stepped into the museum. Dean frowned at the sight; the hags he’d been expecting were… well, they were pretty much anything but. The first stepped gracefully into the patch of moonlight, the others trailing her every footstep. Dean recognised her instantly from the stories Cas had told on the way.
Still no sign anything amiss, Cas told himself it was for the hunt that he slipped through the fire exit and climbed the black metal staircase. He listened for voices on each floor - not Dean’s, of course - but guests. Potential villains with a penchant for human souls.
Cas frowned, eyes darting up to meet Dean’s own. Before he could ask if Dean was okay, Dean winked and pulled him closer to stand between his legs. The angel ran his hands along Dean’s thighs on the small journey back into his embrace.
“I’m telling you, man, we are not breaking into that place looking like a pair of lumberjacks.” He trailed his eyes up and down Cas’ form, which was a completely normal thing do to in this case, and added, “well, one of us anyway.” His smile deepened. Not flirting. Just goofing around. Like guys do.
Dean frowned. “The pendant reaps human souls? How’d you find out about this?”
Dean laughed softly, gaze dropping to the finger of his left hand that didn’t yet bear the promise of that happy ending he was still convincing himself he deserved. He felt a twinge of that old fear he swore he’d never let in again. It crept at his mind, his heart. Not after today. No, Cas was his and there was nothing keeping them apart. Never again.
“Fine?”
Initially, there was something so lovely about the impermanence of it all. Now, for reasons he could not allow himself to give true thought, Cas felt the weight of time pressing in on him for the first time in his long existence. He sighed. “I don’t want it falling into the wrong hands.”
“Nice lamp, by the way,” Dean said, pointing to the lady that lit the paper Sam was scrambling to hide away in a drawer.
What the hell had he gotten himself into? Dean wracked his brain for any semblance of a plan but came up short. He knew his brother too well. If Dean wasn’t out of here in a few minutes, Sam would come looking, and if it came to that… Well, Dean fought better when he didn’t have someone else to worry about. But if these witches killed him before he could kill them, Sammy didn’t stand a chance. And from the sound of it, neither did any kid in this whole damn town by the end of tonight.
***********
“Jeez, okay, you’ve done your research,” Sam relented. His grin faded to a small smile as he said, “Guess you’ve known your crowd for a while now, huh?”
He stood outside the museum of artefacts, where the soul-reaping pendant hid somewhere inside. Eyes cast up to the heavens. He fell back into the shadows of the building’s corner, listening to footsteps creaking on the old wooden floors within. Separating the voices beyond the walls.
“Damn it.”
After a little shuffling around, Dean landed on a VHS tape of
“Come on, I’ll take you,” Eileen offered out a hand. Charlie schooled a nervous smile back on her face and linked arms with Sam’s babe of a girlfriend, letting the hunter lead her toward the hallway.
The words were abrupt; so fucking sharp that Dean felt them like a knife to the chest.
But Eileen didn’t seem to mind the extra company. Sometimes she stayed up late, curled into a sleeping Sam’s side. Others, she and Cas sat up watching all kinds of crap together. Dean didn’t want to know what she and Cas talked about; whatever shit they had to say about him and Sam could stay between them.
He groaned. Pissed off now for a whole new reason.
“I’ll admit,” she continued, “this isn’t exactly what I had in mind when I said that.”
New chapters Mondays & Thursdays!
“I see the gears turning in your head, angel,” the cat said smugly. “Take your time, you’ll get there.”
Dean struggles between two truths: how he feels for Cas, and how he feels about himself. Cas reaches a breaking point, but things don't go as planned with the case.
Cas wrapped his arms around his own knees. He tilted his head in his friend's direction, the weight in his chest lifted by Dean's absent tears. The blood and wounds gone from Dean’s hands.
Dean found a permanent marker in one of the side drawers of the bedside locker and got to work as he spoke. He started by the door, drawing a devil’s trap from memory. Tore off the lid of the saltshaker from his earlier dinner and covered the windowsills as best as he could manage.
“Of course.”
Dean thought smugly. “That your girlfriend?”
“It belonged to the museum,” Sam said, as if that meant anything. “It’s part of the history of the town, Dean. Besides, I’m pretty sure it’s against the law to-“
“Let me see,” Castiel said softly. Dean only stared at him for a moment. There was a quiet vulnerability in those green eyes; a mixture of hope and doubt and something else Castiel couldn’t quite place. Dean cleared his throat and nodded, turning his back to Cas.
“No, but I think I might be,” Sam said drily. He stood, finishing the dregs of his beer in one gulp. “I’m gonna turn in.”
The moment he pulled on the handle, the door swung open hard.
The guy had this look about him, though. Like he’d seen some shit.
“The what?” Dean froze.
Cas didn’t answer. Instead he stepped forward, placing one hand on Dean’s left shoulder. Dean’s mouth opened but his stomach dropped before he could speak. That gross feeling of being compressed, of the wind peeling off his skin, his balls launching upward, and his throat constricting until his lungs ached. Even if he could have yelled, it was over in a boom of wings before his… everything, had adjusted.
“This is Salem, ya idgit. You can’t go fifty feet without saltin’ some sorry son of a bitch around here.”
chose.
Dean traced his thumb along Cas’ cheek, and the angel closed his eyes, leaning into the touch.
Cas rummaged through his pockets, in search of the mixtape he kept on him at all times. His fingers closed around a lump of paper and Cas pulled it free, frowning as he saw his name written on the outside of the fold.
Dean scratched his head. Sam would be cool with it. He’d be an asshole about it, but he wouldn’t – Dean didn’t think Sam would disown him or some shit.
time less than a day ago, but Dean wondered if there’d ever come a day his brain wouldn’t take a second to catch up. To remind him that this was allowed. That Cas wanted this. That instead of pushing him away, he could pull his angel closer. Instead of fighting what had been right in front of them all these years, he could fucking chill and enjoy it. Because
Cas felt Dean’s eyes on him. Suspicious at the mischievous glint he found in them. “What?” he asked warily.
***********
Dean laughed again, pulling the angel in for a kiss. “You’re damn crazy, sweetheart,” he said, muttering “ouch” when Cas nipped at his lip in retribution. He pulled away for just a moment to switch off the lamp, before settling himself on Cas’ chest.
“I’m pretty happy too, Sammy,” Dean said, with a soft glance at Cas.
“Yikes,” Dean said. “Good call. The hanging, I mean,” he quickly clarified.
Castiel had made a terrible mistake.
“Seeing you all here… This is the happiest day of my life.”
Sam started to move but Dean blocked the path, arms held out at his sides. He smirked.
Someone was standing in front of them.
Cas shook his head. His big puppy eyes and downturned brows almost made her want to cry. But she was on a mission. Today was the day she’d crack him.
Dean had terrible taste in music. But there were a few songs Cas enjoyed; songs Dean hummed or sang along to idly as he drove or showered. Dean hadn’t sung in the shower in months. Typically, that wasn’t a good sign.
“We are not breaking in to a-“
Dean nodded.
Dean poured three mugs of coffee to take to the Dean Cave. He knew he wouldn’t be getting much sleep tonight. It wasn’t so bad, having a partner who never slept. Except for the waking up alone in the middle of the night thing, he guessed. Cas swore he never minded staying while Dean slept, resting his head on Cas’ chest; the angel’s steady heartbeat a constant reminder that he was safe. He was home. Tonight though, Dean knew that wouldn’t cut it.
He rushed toward the youngest witch, who was very much not dead anymore.
They paused outside Dean’s bedroom. Dean looked at the love of his life, his best friend, his angel, and said something he should have said a thousand times in all the years he’d known him.
Not again.
Cas rolled his eyes. "There were other pizza men. Some mail men. One very unprofessional doctor," Cas said, a concerned look crossing his face. He was so damn sweet. "Truly unsanitary."
Cas frowned. “He wasn’t going to steal her purse.”
“You want a go?” a male voice to Dean’s left asked. The dark haired man in leather pants gestured up at the small stage.
“And?” Charlie pushed. “How’d
Her heart gave a little squeeze.
Dean climbed out of bed, crossing to the broken mirror. He frowned at his reflection, distorted in the cracks. His bedhead glorious, his face slightly pale and damp with sweat. He swallowed hard. Then tossed the mirror in the trash.
A voice rang in Dean’s ears when he curled his fingers around Cas’, stroking the pad of his thumb along his angel’s ring finger. Words he hadn’t heard in years but had haunted him like ghost ever since.
“Yes, pizza is good,” Castiel answered earnestly. He said everything earnestly. It was adorable.
Cas looked at him then, one brow raised, a smile crooked at the corner of his mouth. "You're very sweet. But I would very much like to fuck you, Dean. If that is okay with you?"
me?” the words were mumbled, bashful.
Despite himself, Castiel huffed a laugh. The room was indeed webbed on almost every surface; the museum long gone out of business. But dust and cobwebs aside, everything else appeared to be intact.
“Into a pile of broken glass?” Sam deadpanned.
He ran his fingers carefully over Cas’ cheek, the skin pinkening slightly beneath his touch. Still Cas didn’t wake.
He’d managed a decent hoard of early breakfast from a diner across the street. Bacon had never tasted so good after a fight.
Before Dean could finish the thought, Cas’ lips were on his again. The angel marched him backward toward the bathroom door. Dean braced for the impact but Cas gripped him tighter, and then they were falling, flying, falling again. Dean dropped hard onto the familiar comfort of his own bed, the weight of Cas on top of him pushing him harder onto the mattress.
Dean pulled free of his touch, taking Cas’ hand and kissing his fingers.
Dean glared across the table at his brother. “
Cas knew he wouldn’t.
Cas lifted his hand to the demon’s bloody face. Stared down at him with all the loathing he could fathom. And burned him from existence.
The demon pulled free and got to her feet, pressing two fingers into the bullet wound at Dean’s shoulder.
“Knock it off, Dean. What the hell?!”
Dean checked his hair in Baby’s side mirror, quickly sidetracked by the dust that had gathered at the corners. A couple of damn weeks without driving and already his car was gathering dust.
From the doorway, Castiel tilted his head in confusion as Dean’s cheeks flushed bright red.
“Cas,” the word was choked. He tried again. “Cas, are you saying I… that we've... that I kissed you before?"
Cas reached out with his grace alone to a heavy rusted barrel and sent it crashing into the demon closest to Dean. The demon fell, crushed beneath its weight but still struggled to get free. It took little more than a thought to push down on the barrel, keeping the demon pinned in place long enough for Cas to reach him. Smite him.
you people?” Cas asked incredulously.
He froze on the path, spying his nerdy little dude in the trench coat stand by a wall on the corner of the street, trying and failing to fix his tie. Okay, so he wasn’t
“Not a big fan of cats, huh?” Dean grinned.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Bobby’s out for the night. Wouldn’t say where he’s going, but I bet it’s a date.”
Stevie cheered and Charlie laughed, and Dean was too stunned to do anything but stare.
Except he couldn’t. He couldn’t bring himself to do anything but pull the laptop toward him and hit play and torture himself with the war between the truth and a version he could stomach.
But the question never came.
Dean opened his mouth, and Cas pulled back his wings and flew.
Cas, however, was entirely unfazed. By the heat, of course. “I’m going to steal it,” he said, distractedly, casting his eyes up at the cloudless sky in the small gap above them between the towering buildings. “The angels believe it is fallible to holy fire. Once it is destroyed, they say the souls will return to heaven. If their hosts are… no longer with us.”
He breathed. Got to his feet. Braced himself protectively in front of Cas, and by the time the demons reached the room, he was damn ready for them.
He glanced up at the wide stained-glass windows of the stone building and considered his options. He could enter the museum and take the pendant regardless of Dean’s plans. But he knew – with an object of such import, there was no possibility these pathetic demons were the only one’s going after it. Whoever they were working for, they would not give up so easily.
Dean emerged from the bathroom wearing only jeans and his flannel. The buttons of his shirt undone, his skin still glistening from whatever products he’d scavenged beneath the sink.
So, Dean frowned at Charlie, inclining his head in a gesture for her to elaborate.
“Shit,” Dean tore off his flannel, tying it around his waist. Cas tried not to stare. “Man, if the wrong son of a bitch finds that…”
Cas shut his eyes. Listened out for a bigger challenge. And flew.
“You didn’t even put it on sideways,” Dean grumbled as he fixed the hat, messing up Sam’s hair in the process.
Cas rolled his eyes at the memory of Dean’s voice in his head just as another crept to the forefront of his mind. They didn’t need Dean’s records. He had a tape of his own, made for him especially by Dean.
Cassie had understood him. He’d shared more of himself with her than anyone. It was Cassie who helped Dean accept himself and his sexuality. Who showed him that its okay to want what you want. To be who you are. She recognised the conflict inside him and taught him how to live along side of it. But Dean could never be a whole person with someone. He wasn’t even sure he was
gay,” he said, not at all like a child who didn’t know the meaning of the word.
“I hear they do good burgers.
Dean pulled back for air. He was damn near panting. He forced himself to look away from Cas’ lips, glossy and pink and slightly parted in awe. It felt a little dirty to look Cas in the eye. Like they were guilty teenagers or some shit. Like this was wrong; like he was supposed to regret it.
That’s when Charlie threw her arms around him, squeezing even tighter than before.
Castiel’s head tilted in that way of his, loose strands of his dark hair falling about his forehead. “I, um. I do not. Have a boyfriend,” he said slowly. The whites of his eyes were fully on display. Dean tracked the movement as Cas licked his lips nervously, looking pointedly at the road ahead.
Cas straightened, but did not remove his foot. The demon struggled uselessly beneath him, while Dean retrieved his blade.
Dean snorted.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?”
Dean swallowed. The power faded from Castiel’s eyes, but that meant little.
Dean turned his attention to the other witches. One was very young; not much older than himself, Dean supposed. Three hundred years in the ground, aside. She had dark chocolate hair that shone like silk under the candlelight, and her eyes so dark brown that Dean imagined for a moment they were black. Her dark crimson dress was a similar style to Rowena’s; its matching hooded cape run through with black embellishments. She looked the part of a pretty convincing Little Red Riding Hood, but Dean didn’t have to look too deep to recognise this was a predator no wolf could rival.
Castiel was ignored.
. Even if Cas wasn’t physically here right now, that was besides the point.
Charlie tensed. Without thinking, she reached out and placed her hand on top of Dean’s. His fist was so tight; the whites of his knuckles so stark they swallowed the faint freckles dotting along them.
********************************
Bobby pulled Dean into another hug, and Dean blinked in surprise.
Cas rolled his eyes, reaching for Dean once again. Dean held up both hands to stop him and Cas paused, allowing Dean that distance between them.
Cas lowered his head, tilting it under silent command as Dean started on his face. Dean silently instructed him, pulling faces that Cas mirrored to allow the razor to glide more smoothly over his skin. Cas obeyed, a soft smile growing in his eyes. For a man who’d been known as Hell’s greatest torturer, Dean’s hands were only that of a protector.
No, that was stupid. This bisexual thing was tough. Trying to figure this out on your own was… well, he couldn’t exactly complain. He’d never wanted to talk about it, even if he could. Sure, he was into women, and he would sleep with them without any shame or any of that shit. He loved women.
“It’s for Charlie and Stevie,” Sam explained. “They wanted… they, uh.”
“Fine,” Sam shrugged. He disappeared for a moment into the living room and returned with Bobby’s baseball hat. “Then I’m a rap singer” he said, placing it over his head.
,” Dean mimicked. “That’s biphobic.”
“Suit yourself, chicken,” Dean quipped. A moment later, a metallic clank sounded from Dean’s direction and the inside of the house lit up. “Backup generator’s still working – ugh
Cas still hadn’t come back when Dean returned to the hotel room. He was getting antsy – they had to be out of here before somebody saw how he’d trashed the room. Dean decided he didn’t feel bad about it, as he scrubbed the devil’s trap from the floor. Didn’t feel one bit guilty, even if he brushed up the broken glass and wiped away the salt from the windows.
She gave her girlfriend her best puppy dog expression.
, Dean signed back.
“You were always a mistake, laddie,” she said, her voice low and deadly and she stepped toward the cat. “I should have killed you when I had the chance.”
Dean slept like a bear.
All the light in Cas’ eyes seemed to wink out. Dean took a step back, terror rushing through him. Fuck.
Dean grinned, running his hands through Cas' hair. "This ain't unsanitary enough for you?"
The low murmur of voices sounded outside the door seemed more than enough to snap Castiel out of his surprise. “Dean,” he urged. “Sam. Get out
Had he seriously almost kissed Cas? Is that what was happening back there? He ignored the sick feeling in his stomach and shoved a huge bite of his triple layer burger in his mouth. Dean groaned.
What the
“What’s wrong?” Stevie asked, concern laced with the tiniest note of panic in her voice.
“How do you
And then the gun went off.
Cas spread his own wings then, much larger, less pure.
The girl was gorgeous. Long brown hair, brown eyes to match. There was nothing clean about what they’d done in that shower. Images flashed through his mind as Dean cleaned himself off. His hands lingering in places, remembering exactly where the girl had touched him.
“You’re telling me you had no idea those two were hot for each other?” Stevie drawled sarcastically, pausing her massage of Charlie’s scalp.
Thank you for sticking by this story these past few weeks. Thank you for all the motivating and sweet comments, and to everyone who left kudos. I'll miss these two idiots. If you'd be interested in seeing where the story goes next (or a little prequel!) let me know!
He didn’t know how the fuck it had gone this wrong so fast. But there was Cas, stuck in an angel trap, powered down and staring up at Dean with real fear in his eyes.
********************************
Cas tilted his head, frowning at his friend. “You said the same thing about eight other parts.”
And beheaded the witch.
With a final glance at Dean, Cas flew from the bedroom to the Bunker’s library and quickly realised his mistake. He should have known it would be a fruitless task seeking books on relationship advice in the Winchester’s collection. He supposed it was a small comfort that the brothers had little more experience than Cas himself in that department. But he wanted to learn. The divide between he and Dean – millennia of watching versus limited human years of experience – the least Cas could do was begin on equal footing.
Cas rolled his eyes hard.
, the angel said, as he looked into eyes that were not Dean’s.
The cat glanced toward the trees where the Sanderson house lay beyond. When he looked back at the angel, he inclined his head in a gesture Castiel took for a nod.
“Yes,” Cas breathed.
“She means: go to him,” Stevie said, shooting Dean a pointed look.
“You got a case or somethin’?” he tried again, voice coming out harsher, less sure than before.
“Look at all that candy the little freak’s got. Should have taken it when we had the chance.”
“Goodbye, Dean.”
But this was Sammy, though.
Cas paused. He half turned toward Dean, one hand on the railing of the stairs. Eyes cast downwards, the angel shook his head. “It is… Heaven business. I don’t know when I’ll return.”
There was a rustle behind him, and Dean jumped to his feet.
Cas had died before Dean could say it back.
Dean cut him off again with a shrug. The gesture was a little too forced, but whatever. “Never cared about all that,” he lied, picking at the label on his beer. He felt his back stiffen. Talks like this didn’t happen in his family; not under John’s roof. They never ended well. “Anyway, don’t see the point in all that when-“
Dean and Cas apologised at the same time.
The pendant shouldn’t have affected him.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean exhaled, leaning back in the seat.
And then Cas was speaking. His voice was gruff but steady. Not a flicker of doubt in them.
“You slept with people. For money.”
“Told you, it’s Crowley now,” the cat hissed. Castiel held out a glowing palm and the cat only tilted his head, daring Cast to act. “Go ahead, angel, try it. Kill me and see how long it takes before I’m back.”
Castiel nodded slowly. “It’s a shortened version of my name.”
“Did you know Dean made Cas a mixtape?” Sam asked, raising a brow in amusement at Charlie.
Dean crept to the bathroom, the soft squish of his slippers on the cold tile the only sound through the hall. When he finished up, he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. Hair all fucked up, his cheeks pink and… was that a damn
The soft vibration of his cellular phone had Cas carefully sitting up. Without waking Dean, Cas found the device at the foot of the bed and silently crept to the hallway to answer.
Dean padded down the stairs to the sound of Sam answering the door to the pizza man and Cas muttering to the hissing cat.
His spiral of thoughts in response came back tenfold.
Cas clenched his fists and every lightbulb in the room shattered. Light sparked and glass rained down.
“Sammy!” Dean said, sitting up. “What’d you find for me, kid?”
He sighed, bracing himself for the pitying looks. His fingers traced along the Impala keys in his pocket, ready to bolt the first chance he got. But when he looked up, pity was the last thing he found in his friends’ faces.
Dean swallowed, quickly shaking his head.
Dean had to make sure Cas understood. It was about damn time they were on the same page.
What?
Dean and Cast had never felt less alone as they made up for lost time. Not even fate was watching as they mumbled long buried truths into touch-starved skin, trading desperate kisses for soft gasps. Freedom was the taste of an angel on the tired man’s lips. Faith was the Michael Sword giving himself entirely to the angel who’d never expected anything in return.
Even though he’d got him back, rescued Cas from that damn place… every time the angel smiled or told Dean he loved him, every morning Dean had woken up with Cas’s head resting on his chest, there was split second where Dean felt the urge to cling to him. To hold Cas before he slipped through his fingers again. It was stupid. God, it was stupid. He hated how helpless it made him feel.
Charlie tracked the exact moment the light faded from Dean’s eyes, and it had nothing to do with the runtime of the movie. What the hell had happened between him and Cas? She knew better than to ask – and Cas wasn’t exactly dishing any dirt either.
He finished showering, reluctantly switching off the water. He stepped out and towelled himself off. Still breathless; still blissed out and confused as fuck. He scrubbed his hair with the towel and wiped the condensation from the mirror.
Suddenly, he was nervous. He hadn’t been nervous about this kind of thing in years. But this was Cas. This was important.
“Fuck you, man. There’s been something going on for weeks. You zapping off to fuck knows where, for who knows how long. No messages, no calls. You could have worked this case in five seconds,” his chest was heaving. Breathing shallow. He needed to punch something. Kill something. Anything to quiet this darkness in him, to leave it fed and content for a while longer.
Dean looked back to the doorway, saw another five approaching. It killed him to turn away from the fight, to let these bastards live another day, but… Cas.
For Cas, happiness was in just being. There were no expectations involved, no strings attached. He knew Dean well-enough that knowing this fact would take time to settle. He’d told Dean, in no uncertain terms, that Dean was the most loving being he’d ever met – and it was true. Dean loved and loved and gave and gave until it broke him.
“I’ve gotta tip that pizza man,” Dean managed, with the dopiest smile on his face. He brushed a hand along Cas’ cheek, because he could. His eyes roamed over Cas’ face, because he could. He brushed Cas’ slightly swollen lip with the pad of his thumb and kissed him lightly in the same spot afterward. Because he could. Because he wanted this so badly it almost didn’t seem real. This was Cas - this was his best friend. He could have this. They both could.
Dean barely swallowed the last bite of his sandwich before Cas zapped them off someplace else. It was a quiet part of town, and…
“Yeah, do it again,” the other girl clapped.
Cas watched, transfixed on the bird’s eye view of the memory that had played itself on a loop in his mind every moment he’d been in the Empty and every day since. All this time, he’d wondered what had happened in the moments following his death.
“Cas…” Dean cleared this throat, starting over. “Cas, you told me that the one thing you wanted was something you couldn’t have. I don’t know if that’s still… still
His fingers traced over the fabric, warm against his skin. The pizza in his stomach turned to lead.
do it – but he would never go there.
Sam looked between them and shook his head, a smile creeping over his face. “I mean… yeah, this checks out.”
He took a step toward Cas. “I thought I lost you.”
“Whatever,” Dean mumbled, taking the seat opposite his brother. He pointed toward the bag with his mug. “What’ya got there?” he said, forcing himself to act normal. Small talk. It was fine.
,” he said with a show of jazz hands.
God, he must look like a dork right now.
So, Dean prayed to Castiel. Prayed that he’d heal. That he’d come back to him. That he’d forgive Dean – for everything. Even if Dean didn’t deserve it, he’d do anything for Cas to be okay. Dean’s fingers trailed through Cas’ hair. The touch comforted him, probably more than the angel, but Dean was too scared to overthink it. He hummed a couple of Zeppelin songs; an old comfort. An easy way to trick himself into breathing normally again.
Cas smiled at Dean; the perfect picture of wide-eyed innocence and openness. If Cas had a soul, the guy would have just laid it out for Dean. But Dean had felt the eagerness in that kiss; the years of pent-up restraint fraying at the edges.
Karla said nothing. But when they reached the infamous back room, it was another woman who spoke.
Sam held the lighter to the wick and gasped softly when the golden flame instantly burned black.
Jack had never called Dean “dad” before. Jack could have been addressing either of them, he rationalised. But Dean had just accepted it without question, without thinking.
Dean scoffed. “I can see that,” he said, his mouth falling open and closed a couple of times as he tried to force the next words out. “I thought he was… I saw him give that dude his number,” he managed. God damn it, why was his neck burning right now?
“Bitch.”
She looked up from her phone, her best impression of a villainous grin on her face.
,” he grumbled, with a wave of his beer can. “I dunno about percentages of guys or girls or any of that math shit, if that’s even a part of it or just some dumb ass shit people on the internet are saying. I don’t care. It means I got good taste, alright? Let’s leave it at that.”
With room service on the way, Dean left Cas sitting straight-backed, hands on his lap, looking awkward as hell on the edge of the king bed. Dean kicked the bathroom door closed behind him and tore off his Zepp shirt, hanging it on the towel rail by the door. It was heated! The damn towel rail was heated. He grinned to himself. Sammy was missing out.
It’d been a long time since he’d felt like this. As much as he outright denied it, Dean was an affectionate guy. He told himself he didn’t care about his hook-ups, and for the most part he didn’t. Not really. He indulged in food when he was hungry, drank his fill when he felt the need – and sometimes, sure, he went a little too far. Sex was rarely just about the sex, though. Dean was hungry; starving for something he could hold in his arms, but still always felt just out of reach.
“I’m an angel,” Cas deadpanned. “Patience, healing, fighting… it comes with the territory.” He looked at Dean earnestly and found himself smiling when he realised Dean wasn’t brushing him off. Dean was trying – really trying – to be upfront with him. It was more than Cas could ask for.
Dean blinked. Wondered how long he’d been staring into nothingness.
Cas blinked.
Sam snorted. “Yeah, okay.”
“He’s not my b – shut up, Sammy.” Dean scratched the back of his neck.
The dude hadn’t given him the chance to grab a knife or gun before they left the bunker. This shitty handgun he’d taken off that bastard… he’d had one as a kid. Target practise.
“Quit gawping, angel. Get a move on,” Crowley said. Castiel ignored him.
Cas looked plainly at Dean now; fury radiating from him as he stared the man down. Cas wasn’t sure why he did it – why he waited for the slight nod of approval from his friend before he dragged the man deeper into the alley. Before he broke every finger, before he wiped his mind.
Instead, Cas brushed his thumbs along Dean’s cheeks, falling and falling and falling for every freckle, every faint scar and hitch of breath. Cas stood with his back to the sunrise. He’d watched that sun rise every day since the dawn of time, but never like this. Never reflected in green eyes that looked at him as though he belonged. More than fate, more than family. This was rebellion. Choice. Castiel had waited for Dean Winchester before the stars were born; before their atoms split and every soul that ever was and ever would be were created in that moment. God had never planned for this kind of anarchy.
A bar had been set up in the foyer. The crowd was sparse inside; people chatting with glasses of expensive alcohols in their hands, dressed in all manners of finery and enough perfume that Cas found himself scratching at his nose. The building was rustic; old white-washed walls decorated with replenished wooden shelves and frames.
There it was.
When he’d finished at the sides, Dean wiped the foam from Cas’ cheeks and rested a hand on one while he worked around Cas’ chin. His lips.
Dean insists they need a base and fails to consider the implications of a shared hotel room. Things heat up with the case they're working. The poor gay angel is at his wits end between Dean's unholy prayers and Dean insisting on teaching him how to shave.
Dean didn’t have the right kind of words for his friend. Handsome, beautiful – what did those even
“The sweetest,” Charlie agreed, distractedly.
It was around 4am two days later when Dean jolted awake, already feeling Cas’ soothing hands reach out to steady him.
Charlie sighed. She watched the screen, expecting those three little dots to pop up to indicate Dean was going to explain himself. Like a normal person. When they never came, Charlie resigned herself to dinner plans that had nothing to do with eating Chinese takeout in the comfort of her and Stevie’s bed.
Dean brought another to his knees, the point of his blade jammed up through the demon’s head, all the way to the hilt. He wrenched the blade free, black blood spraying; a foot braced on the demon’s head for purchase.
There was no smell of flowers or hissing whispers when Castiel opened his eyes once more. It was a mortal world he stepped into, full of life and noise and possibility.
Everywhere he walked, those same flowers crawled from the earth. It was cruel, the angel thought, that his choices lay in nothingness or in apathy.
had the face of a freckled man, with hollow eyes that burned with hope. Dean wasn’t just a temptation. He was a risk.
Charlie blinked up at her girlfriend. “Huh. You’re an evil genius.”
