"Sorry for the mess, I try to groom and keep them clean but I can't reach behind me to do the backs." Steve said with a flush on his face.
“Come on I got a new suit for you ready in the lab.” He said slipping out of bed groggy. When he looked at Steve the only thing he could think of was a golden retriever happily wagging its tail in excitement as its owner came home. They took the elevator down to his lab and Tony helped Steve into his new uniform fit with slits for his wings and then suited up himself. Once suited up they both ran to the landing pad and jumped off to fly ahead to the battle before the quinjet.
“Another man from the 40's who has wings.” if nothing else that got her attention. “the base had cells with the same things we found in the A.I.M. lab so to add another thing on top of this, Hydra and A.I.M. are working together. At the end of the corridor there was a slightly different cell and- and..” Steve didn’t finish the sentence he was crying. Natasha pulled his head to her chest and let him cry it out, she didn’t know if she was allowed to touch his wings so her arms hovered over them, she finally decided to throw caution to the wind, she stroked down the surprisingly soft feathers as she held on to him. He sucked in air and then he was pulling away from her, halfway to the door when he stopped in his tracks.
“Thank you, Bruce. Me and these featherheads have a lot to talk about.” Tony glares at them and they both sink into their beds at the weight of the look.
“St-Steve.” Tony moaned his name. That was the tipping point for Steve, he picked Tony up and carried him into his bedroom. He let Tony fall onto the bed and followed after, he stripped Tony of his clothes and then flipped him on his stomach. Tony moaned when his neglected dick rubbed on the sheets.
“Also it feels really... good to me so I sometimes make... noises...” Steve was so red Tony wouldn’t be surprised if his wings turned red. “just ignore me if that happens, Bruce says it’s just a reaction because mates usually do this to each other... so yeah.”
Bruce and Tony had found no way to reverse the effects of the blast so Rogers (they had all agreed to call Steve’s evil twin Rogers and the other Steven) was let out of the hulk room, because he was a danger to anyone without the serum, he ended up staying in the guest room on Steve’s floor. Let's just say the other him was the worst roommate he had ever had. The team had confiscated both of their shields so neither had the advantage if something got out of hand, but Rogers still found a way…
“Sir, I hate to interrupt but there seems to be a riot in the lobby.” Jarvis’ British tone was tinged with worry.
“Shh, breathe with me Stevie. Just like we used to, remember?” Steve nodded into Bucky’s chest and put one hand on Bucky’s chest like he had done so long ago. During asthma attacks Bucky became Steve's pacer for breathing it carried over into when they got back from bad missions with the Howlies and even now. Bucky made sure to take deep even Breaths and Steve copied him, feeling the rise and fall of Bucky’s chest under his palm.
Steve cried out; her thighs came together trapping Tony’s head between them. Her walls squeezed his fingers and her hips gave little aborted thrusts and felt her pleasure crescendo, then let the afterglow calm her sex muddled mind.
sorry about the long wait my computer broke and i had to get it fixed, also with school starting soon i most likely wont be able to update a lot, thanks for understanding and enjoy!
“Well, I need help to groom the backs, I can’t reach. Usually Bruce does it, but he’s gone and he had words with me about how important it is to keep the oil on them, and this and that science speak that was lost on me.” Steve gives the Scientist a nervous smile.
The only thing that was wrong was that Bucky seemed to dislike Steve, anytime he would come in the room Bucky would get tense and hide behind Tony like a little kid does behind his mom's skirt. Tony could tell the toll it was taking on Steve, they had talked a lot since Bucky had arrived but, they hadn’t included Bucky in any of those conversations.
“It is not that simple, Stark. In order for a spell to work I have to keep concentration and constantly feed magic to the spell to maintain it, if I lose concentration for even a small amount of time the Captain may stay in his sleep forever,” Loki placed a hand on his chin and paced back and forth behind the bed that Steve laid on. “I could use a curse but that would take too long to take effect and it is not very reliable.” he mumbled to himself for a while before he stopped in his tracks and proofed back out of existence. Tony and Bruce looked at each other and waited for Loki to return.
“Hon’ tell me what's up, please I promise we won’t laugh or anything, ok?” Bucky nodded against Steve’s back so he knew that Bucky agreed with what Tony was saying. Steve took a deep breath and let it out trying to calm himself.
“That was one of the hottest things I've ever seen.” Steve then noticed that Bucky had his flesh hand wrapped around the base of his cock, trying to stave off his orgasm.
“you know, I thought the wings were crazy, but with you shrunk you look like a freaking fairy!” Tony told Steve as he walked into the tower. “we should get you some clothes.” he spoke as he walked, and set Steve down on the counter. He poked at Steve’s tiny stomach and Steve glared at him and covered his stomach protectively. “some doll clothes should work, I think.” Steve tried to speak, but because of his size all Tony heard were a series of squeaks.
“Th-the me bein’ a faggot.” Steve said very quietly. Tony flinched at the word, sure he had heard it, hell he had even been called it a few times but it was a totally different thing to hear it come out of Captain America's mouth.
“Well, you were always saying my chest looked like tits and now i got some.” Steve chuckled at the joke but Bucky and Tony remained silent.
“Steve, Baby? Are you ok?” Tony. It was Tony. He sounded so worried, he must have been so worried when Loki took him and he couldn’t do anything. God, he was such a horrible person but, he couldn’t take being around anyone right now.
“What?” Steve’s eyes were blown and he was watching Tony like he wanted to eat him alive. Tony sat up and threw his right leg over Steve’s lap and ended up straddling his ridiculously small hips. he ground his hips down on Steve and let out a groan, Steve’s hands found his hips and held onto them, perhaps a little too tightly, he would have wonderful finger-shaped bruises there tomorrow. Steve angled their hips together and rubbed his erection into Tony’s, he swallowed the little gasps and moans that left the smaller man with deep filthy kisses. Tony would like it to be known that Steve was a fast learner, he knew exactly how to take Tony apart. Steve trailed kisses all over Tony’s jaw line and sucked on that spot just behind his ear.
After a slightly confusing spew of words that Steve made between hitched breaths, he inevitably cried himself to sleep in Bucky’s arms and Tony finally asked.
They were taking a Hydra facility when it happened. Steve was working his way to the labs through a hallway and leaving a trail of bodies. He heard a roar from the Hulk somewhere on his left and Iron man was on his six making sure that he didn't get shot in the back as they made their way to the center of the building. Steve hit the last Hydra agent in the face with his shield and caught it as it ricocheted off the wall
“The girl dies and the boy moves to Florida to be a surfer,” Bucky’s mouth falls open and he is about to protest when she continues. “Now that you are done with the book go talk to him.” she stares at him expectantly until he caves and gets up from the couch, making sure that she hears what he mumbles under his breath as he leaves the room, he is followed by her laughs.
as usual tell me what you guys think, i love hearing your feedback and it makes me want to write so much more. i hope you enjoy!
Bucky helped Steve stand from the bed and take his first uncoordinated steps in his new body. It was all wrong, his center of balance was lower and the way his hips moved as he walked felt awkward. He mainly relied on Bucky to half carry him to the elevator with Tony trailing behind them.
“We will contact Thor and get help for Tony, if you want to help him then you should go and calm down. You cannot help if you hulk out now, can you?”
“Yes! Yes, s’ok.” Tony slurred out and then Steve’s hand returned, but it was slick with lube. His finger circled hid taint a few times before dipping in to the first knuckle. Steve slowly worked Tony open, He added in another finger after the first and scissored them wringing a gasp from the smaller man. His fingers felt around for that wonderful spot deep inside. Tony jolted and moaned low and long when he found it, Steve proceeded to hit his prostate on every other thrust into Tony and before long he pulled his fingers out of Tony. Tony whimpered at the loss, but soon something much larger was pushing at his entrance. The blunt pressure on him pushed the air from his lungs, Steve slowly pushed into Tony inch, by agonizing inch. He finally bottomed out and Tony felt like he was being split in two. Steve was much larger than anyone he had been with before.
Bucky felt his face heat and heard Steve make a snort of victory before he walked away to their little kitchen to start making some food while Bucky picked his jaw off the floor.
“Traitor.” Tony huffed under his breath, he reluctantly put the iron away and shut down what he was working on. “’J save everything I was working on, and begin a model of the arm from the schematics.” he turned to Bruce who lead him to the elevator. “There, are you happy now?”
Steve held Tony while he whispered to him about how amazing he was and how much he loved him. Soon Tony tired himself out and Steve carried them to bed.
The next place they went to was Bergdorf Goodman. Steve, unsurprisingly didn’t find anything she particularly liked. They then decided to go to some more normal stores like Macy's. Steve found a couple sets of leggings and a good pair of shoes that replaced the too small set she had borrowed from Natasha.
“I called Strange, but he is in another dimension doing god knows what.” Bruce could feel himself shaking but a warm, steady hand gripped his shoulder, he looked up and saw Steve, no- that was all Captain America in the way he held himself to the glint of a man who had a plan in his eye.
“Is this from the reason why you haven’t been here for a while?” Tony tried to remain neutral and look over the paper in front of him, but peter must have seen something. “you got hurt, I knew it! I could have helped!”
“Wondering how much weight you can carry while flying and trying to figure out a way to change your suit so you can fly, but also so it protects your wings.” Tony tried to not let his heated thoughts show.
His train of thought is interrupted by the ding of the elevator to signal that he had arrived at Steve’s floor. The doors open and he walks out to see Rogers just casually sitting on the sofa, no shirt, and reading a book. When he looks up, he seems mildly shocked by Tony’s presence, but the look soon morphs into pure lust and hunger.
“Ok, ok, that’s fine. let me help you.” Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair and he calmed down a little bit more. “Bucky I need him on his back” Bucky nodded and moved off the bed and got undressed then got back on the bed, propped against the left bedpost, he gave his cock a few pulls as he watched them.
Steve woke up sweating with the heat of Bucky and Tony wrapped around him, he would love to stay there forever but he really had to piss and it was too hot for him. He slowly and carefully pulls himself out of the pile of feathers and limbs to he can relieve himself.
He shakes his head to dislodge to fuzzy thoughts and began patting himself down with the towel and then pulling on the clothes, the shorts are baggy on him, but the sweatshirt is soft and smells like it has been loved, it reminds him of Bucky’s old coat that he would drape for Steve when they were walking home together from wherever and Steve had started shaking. He stepped out of the bathroom with the towel on his head as he dried his hair. Tony was sitting on his large bed and working on a Stark tablet he looked up and smiled at Steven.
“Well, let's go see the wizard.” Tony and Bruce walked over to where Loki was, now he had apparently given up on the sigil circle and was holding his hands over Steve’s body and waving them about three inches above him while green mist crackled in the space between Steve and his hands. They watched for a moment before Loki finished and banished his books and the ingredients from hell back to where ever they came from before turning to Tony and Bruce with a tired look on his face.
“Not to worry, my dear brother was somewhere in the nine realms fighting dark elves last time I checked in.” Loki looked like he was considering something before he turned his attention to Steve again.
“Hey kid, how's the English paper coming along?” Peter rubbed the back of his neck with his hand and looked sheepishly at his shoes.
The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. The sweet smell of coffee drifted in from the room and Tony all but ran to the pot and filled his large ironman mug, he gulped it down in three swallows and refilled it two more times before he rested his hip against the marble counter and slowly sipped the pure black heaven in his cup.
“Brother, since when have these three been this way? I don’t think it something of your doing.” Thor's voice was not as loud as usual and it took on a serious tone. Loki crossed his legs and rested his chin on his hand that was propped up by his knee.
Rogers squeezed his hand and Steven whimpered. He pushed his ass back into Rogers. “That's more like it,” he groped Steven’s ass and sucked a mark into Steven’s neck, “should put you in a little dress, and a pink frilly apron.” Steven groaned at the idea, being in dress and lady’s underthings.
Steve pulled the hair out of his mouth and looked at it and then when he realized that it was connected to his body, he looked down…
“Ah, yes. It would appear, Stark that I have taken your precious ‘science bros'’ affection and turned it towards me, the first step of my biggest scheme yet,” Loki disappeared and then appeared not three inches from Steve. He grabbed her and dipped her before placing a chaste kiss on her lips, he glanced up at Tony and Bucky, then strode away, but not before licking his lips and grinning at the way the both of them were seething with rage. “I plan to seduce all of your lovers,” he disappeared again and this time reappeared behind Bucky.
“There you are!” Tony exclaimed when he saw his robot by one of his work stations with a box sitting on the table. “Thanks butterfingers.” Tony sat down and set Steve on the box while he patted the robot on the chassis and sent it to hang out with its brothers.
Steve begins to pull away and Tony thinks that it is over, the fuck drug or whatever is in that slime has run its course, oh how wrong he is. Steve slides himself down Tony’s body, clumsy fingers fumble with Tony’s pants and before he ever realizes it Steve has Tony’s dick out of his pants. Standing fully erect, it bobs a few times and then Steve leans in and gives it a long, slow lick from base to tip. Steve circles his tongue around the sensitive glands, his eyes catching Tony’s and then he takes Tony down his throat in one go. Tony nearly screams from the sudden pleasure shooting up his spine.
"Please lower the temperature a little Jarvis." When the water is lowered to a more bearable temperature, He proceeds to reach behind him to work out the many out of place feathers and wash them off. when he got out and dried his body, he caught his eye in the mirror before a loud "Thwack!" Filled the room. Water sprayed off of his wings spattering the mirror with small droplets.
“Awe, come on guys don’t leave me out on all the fun.” Tony sat up and pressed against Steve’s side, meanwhile he fiddled with the waist of her pants, the vivid memory of the panties she was wearing sent a bolt of lust through her body and heat pooled in her core. Steve let out a groan and Tony captured her lips in a deep kiss as he continued to toy with her pants, his callused fingers caressing her wide hips.
“You have that look you always get when you are thinkin’ too much,” Bucky ruffles Steve’s hair while the blonde tries to push him away. “And your wings are sad.” he adds but in a quieter and softer tone. Steve’s face crumples, he is unsure what to do. What will they say? will they want to keep it? Oh God, will
“Steven seems to be on the kitchen floor, I suggest that you aid him.” Tony could hear the worry in his A.I.s voice which meant that he knew more than he could say and that something was really wrong.
“Sir, the ladies have arrived home. It seems that they will be in need of assistance.” J.A.R.V.I.S’s voice startled Bucky out of his comfortable doze where he and Tony had lounged on the couch while mindlessly watching TV. He shook Tony violently awake for the second time today and got up to ride down the elevator to the garage.
Rather than bring his hand down with force, this time Rogers massaged the aching muscles of Tony’s ass, pointedly staying away from the searing red hand prints left by him and rather ribbing at the sides and tops of his thighs to help with the pain. There was a damp spot where Tony buried his face in the blanket again as he worked through each new wave of pain.
“interesting, “Bruce was in full mad scientist mode at this point. “I wonder if it is because the first bracelet was put on you Tony, and because you don't have wings the opposite gender wouldn’t as well. Perhaps we should try the bracelet with Bucky to see if Steve will have wings in this body.” Tony patted Bruce’s shoulder.
“who-” he flinched from the sound of his own voice in the otherwise silent room. The man looked just as shocked at the noise as he felt, but his face softened when he processed the word.
Steve slid under the covers and placed himself between Tony's legs. Then he pulled the cover over him again. Tony was already hard, his morning wood standing proud in front of Steve. Steve licked his hand and grasped Tony's dick, he gave it a few strokes and then stopped when Tony made a sound and shifted, but he didn’t wake.
“Umm,” Steve blushed thinking about what happens when his wings are groomed, and then turned even redder at the thought of Tony doing it. “...well, you need to be behind me.”
"I am still catching up on what has happened in the time that I was gone, so this is an issue I am unfortunately not well versed In, and I apologize if I inadvertently offended anyone in or out of the mutant community because of phrasing I have or might use in the future. Next, I would like to address the news associations that in their articles, acted like my possible being a mutant made me a villain or bad just because I happened to have wings, it disgusts me to see that free speech is being used to spew this hateful bigotry around our country. I plan on working fully with the X-men and other mutant organizations to the fullest of my ability, and with the help of Tony I am starting a charity to fund safe spaces for youth who have been abandoned by their families for who they are.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice pulled him back. His vision was cloudy and he felt Steve wipe a tear from his cheek. He was crying. “Are you ok? Did I do something wrong?” Tony let out a wet chuckle. Steve was worried about him, He thought he had hurt him, and had stopped.
Rogers looked over at Tony and they both shared a smile at the still sleeping Steve. Rogers circled his hips and pressed harder into Tony, who was still open and slick from last night. He reached down and took Tony’s cheeks into his hands and pulled them apart so he could rub his length between his crack and over his abused hole. Rogers ducked his head and nibbled at Tony’s neck as he continued, all the while his large hands massaged at Tony’s ass cheeks and they watched Steven sleep not 5 feet from their rutting bodies.
When Steve reached his floor, he stripped out of his suit and stepped under the steaming shower. One of the best things about the future was the endless hot water. Once cleaned off, he stepped out into his bedroom not stopping to put on clothes. No one would see him, he had the whole floor to himself, he reasoned.
“yep, it’s the new Stark Industry's summer collection. They will be coming to stores in a month if you would like your very own.” Tony was dripping with confidence, it made Steve feel a little bit better.
“Bucky, this is Tony, he is the one who cleans my wings. Is it ok if he cleans yours?” Steve's gentle tone shocked Tony for a second, it was like he really was talking to a scared animal. Bucky nodded his head, but kept his eyes on the new person in the room, watching him, observing. it weirded Tony out a little bit, but he conceded that if he spent 70 years being tortured by Nazis he would be cautious of new people as well. Just like he did with Steve that first time he decided to go slow and explain everything he was doing as he did it.
“Calm down! Calm down! Look what he did!” Bucky waved his hand in the direction of Steve. Steve gave him a questioning look and Bucky deflated.
“Gee Tony, Thanks for helping with all the clean up!” Clint called sarcastically when he and the others arrived.
"My calculations show that even with the growth in your wingspan, you do not have enough lift to fly with them though you could glide."
Steve makes the most pornographic noise Tony has ever heard but soon Tony's ears are filled with the rush of blood because Steve is bearing down on Tony and his muscles are milking Tony just right.
“H-How’s Tony? he probably was so worried, I don’t deserve to see him now.” Steve hung his head again and his wings curled around his shoulders trying to self-comfort him. “I'm such an idiot.” Natasha walked over to where he was squatting on the ground, he looked like a ball of feathers from where she was.
“Shh, no tony, no. it wasn’t your fault, it is mine. I should have stopped Rogers.” as Steve spoke his own name and comforted a crying Tony the words left a bitter taste in his mouth. “Erskine said that the Serum would cure me of everything, and it did, everything except one thing. Hydra used that. They exploited my weakness and I hurt you, I hurt the whole team. I will go talk to Fury immediately and turn in my shield. I-I thought that I could make it go away, Peggy, Shannon, I used them too. Just like I used you. I never wanted that side of me to take over again and now because of Hydra i hurt you.”
Steve replied with a slow nod and followed Tony up to the penthouse where they curled up in bed together.
“Hey, I'm still here you know,” Tony had the cutest pouty face and Steve leaned down to give him a kiss too, then Bucky leaned over and did the same.
Tony was skinny and pale compared to normal he was spread out in the concrete floor of an open cell and there was a HYDRA goon balls deep in him. Steve saw red. There was another HYDRA agent watching from the door as Tony screamed and clawed at the floor to get away from the man that was clearly hurting him.
"Yeah I've been... sick. Just getting a checkup." Clint nods and is back to his game, but Natasha gives him one of her 'I know your full of crap but I want to see how this plays out' glares.
“What the fuck did you do!?” Bucky was pacing back and forth in agitation as he thoroughly cursed Steve out about how stupid he was, ‘the fuck Stevie, what were you thinking! running into enemy territory with no back up, you complete numskull!’
"OK team I think we definitely earned some dinner and then a team movie night," Tony announced once they had all got in the quinjet and were on their way back to the tower "what should we order today? I was feeling like Thai."
Bruce stood up, keeping himself between her legs and stared at her angry face, he allowed his eyes to flash green as his skin rippled the Hulk’s features briefly morphing across his face.
Steve didn’t know what to do, if he refused, he could end up being dismissed and thrown out of the Compound, but how could he abuse Tony in front of all these people.  He was dammed either way, but he could beg Tony’s forgiveness after they had rescued him, that was the end game.
It took everything he had not to rush forward and grab the omega and run, but that would only end in disaster for them, no he had wait and hope that he and Natasha would be able to create an opportunity to stealthy cease the omega and escape to the rendezvous sight.
Tony curled against Steve’s side, trying his best not to look at Pep’s breasts or swollen belly. Unfortunately, his eyes kept betraying him, straying to her hard nipples wondering how different they would feel from the teats of his bottles.
Now regardless of what has happened to make you feel upset, you are not allowed to throw tantrums and hit people.
Unfortunately, during the last few years, the Maria Stark Foundation has diversified away from its original mission statement, but now that is going to be rectified, my Omega will now say a few words on the subject.”
Bruce willed his body to increase in size and muscle mass, just enough so that he was a few inches taller and broader that Steve.
Natasha’s voice repeated the rules continuously in her ear, throughout the process of dying and washing her hair.  Then the others began to voice a long litany of sexual positions that Pepper/Sex Doll was to assume, there was also a new voice interspersed throughout that she couldn’t quite place, it was vaguely familiar but one she felt that she had not heard in years.
Steve would much rather have taken Tony back up to their suite straight away than go to the Gala, but duty called and even though he was embarrassed to think about his time with Bruce he did feel more relaxed and ready to deal all the politicians and Army Brass who would be in attendance.
The other committee members offer their apologies for not being able to welcome you to our Club and hope to meet with you in the near future.”
Steve was shell shocked at the fact he had three daughters, he had just assumed they would all be boys that would present as Alphas. How was he going to deal with three girls, he remembered the hellions that had been Bucky’s sisters.
Winter withdrew his fingers wiping the sticky digits over the tattoo of Captain America’s shield on each thigh.
“Ah, extreme rapid detox is a harsh process that needs to be experienced by the patient regardless of their level of addiction on being admitted for certain types Conditioning Therapy.  Tony has an extremely addictive personality so we need to dissuade him from his usual methods of coping ie; drinking and self medicating and channel his addictive traits along a path that is less damaging to him, but fulfils all the requirements you want from this therapy.
The Dinner and speeches were endless, Steve made him alternate between presentation poses, though thankfully not the mount presentation pose.
Diamond stud ear rings set in platinum with a matching ear cuff were the first pieces he placed on his omega, followed by heavy platinum wrist cuffs inset with a ring of diamonds and sapphires.  The next piece he knew would scare his omega but it was for his own protection.
So, you will stay in bed today and if you are not a brat l will let you watch TV and have your blanket and paci.”
Dr Strange took his leave in a flurry of gold sparks, after reminding Wanda and Vision that he would be back to continue training with them the next day.
They took the week before they were due to report to the Compound to familiarize themselves with the way this society worked, the Government Structure seemed the same but Shield and the Avengers were openly present and held greater political and law enforcement powers.
Come on stand up and go sit on the chair with Judge Edwards, remember Daddy loves you and will have a lovely treat for you if I am told you have been well behaved.”
The bitch wasn’t in the best position to take a cock up her ass, but Pepper managed to sheath herself and start fucking Natty with short hard thrusts, she reached round to grab her thick nipples and tug them in time with her thrusts.
It was almost a relief when eventually she was strapped down on the milking machine, the cups placed over her nipples.  The steady action of the pumps grounding her,  she could feel the brats kicking and the constant pressure on her bladder drove her insane.  She knew there was no use complaining, they would just tell her to pee into the receptacle built into the machine for that purpose, but there was no way she was using it whilst they were all sitting watching her.
“Sir, can l build a Spacecraft?  I have already got the basic design, l just need to figure out how to fuel it, maybe l could look at Howard’s notes on the arc reactor technology, it could work.”
Eventually the stud was led away, a satisfied grin on his face, a swagger in his walk, cock already hard against his stomach, full balls swinging between his bowed legs.
Gently parting Tony’s thighs, he tapped his thumb again his tight little hole, the ring of muscles giving way easily, he took his time feeding the greedy  hole his fingers, whilst he jerked off using his other hand. A twist of his fingers to hit the sleeping omega’s prostrate and a graze of his nail across his slit had him spraying his load over Tony’s stomach and sex.
Now all he needed to do was tell his omega what he had decided and wait for Tony’s subconscious to draw out the hidden orders and agree.
The rest of the Avengers looked surprised by Thor’s words, it was the first time he had ever talked about Loki being an omega and that he wanted to bond with him.
“Steve, Bucky there is nothing more that you can do now, go rest and relax, see your babies.  In twenty-four hours, we can inject the second serum and a further booster of extremis if needed, a further twelve hours in the Cradle and you will have your fully healed, genetically modified omega.
It did not absolve Steve completely from his actions but he could admit to himself that Steve had never been shown any other way to treat an omega, his views and ideals were firmly of his original generation and unfortunately for Tony these were being backed by a club of extremely conservative Alphas.  Pepper had played her cards well the deck had been firmly stacked against Tony from the beginning.
Sighing he turned away from the full-length mirror and crossed to his dressing table, hating that he had to hop up onto the chair, his feet dangling.  Steve had refused to have anything adjusted to accommodate his new shorter stature, stating that he would just have to adapt as the Penthouse was meant to provide a luxurious environment suited to the Alpha Owners and not their omega.  Personally, he thought they just got a kick out of seeing him struggle with everyday tasks that he never had to think about before and be forced to constantly as for help.
"Tony that is quite enough of that filthy cussing, you will cease and stop with this hysterical screaming.  You are an omega this is what your body is made for there is no need for all these over the top dramatics and certainly no need for any drugs.  I have let you have your way this far but I am ordering you to proceed with more deportment, stop embarrassing yourself with this unsightly behaviour.”
Bucky ran the tip of his knife across his toy’s fat tits, leaving thin red lines without drawing any blood until each tit was crisscrossed with lines.  The stupid bitch had not even stopped fucking it’s self as it moaned around the gag in its mouth.  Time to get the cunt’s attention, with a flick of his wrist the knife sliced into the soft flesh on the cunt’s thigh a thin stream of blood leaking from the wound.  Straddling the bench, he repeated the cut on the other thigh, he liked things to be symmetrical. He noticed the moment the omega registered the pain, the hitch in its breathing and the awareness coming back in to wide eyes.
He visited Pepper at the mansion, and often played with the kids but had no compulsion to become their father, he was the eccentric uncle and happy with that. Steve spent time with the twins as they grew older and he and Natasha introduced them to Stark Industries when they could both read and write, whilst not geniuses they were highly intelligent.
It tasted disgusting, she almost heaved as she swallowed, but by the hard stare Happy was giving her, she knew he meant business. The stream of piss seemed endless, the more she swallowed the sicker she felt, but there was no escaping, even though she just wanted to get up and run.
Steve could sense that the vet was withholding some information, but he needed to speak with Bruce about this turn of events.  He didn’t want Bucky’s offspring even if they were Pets or had the latent gene to be placed in danger or subject to experimentation the way Bucky had.
Steve glanced over to the corner of his office where the breeding bench had been placed. Tony was strapped down, asshole being plundered by an enormous mechanical dildo, mouth stuffed with another electronic cock, battering away at his gag reflex.  He could see slick drenched thighs trembling with exhaustion, Steve had taped his cock to his stomach, so the swollen purple balls slapped against the polished wood frame with each thrust of the dildo.
After a thorough investigation of your medical records concerning both your physical and mental health since birth and many discussions with your husband and Ms Potts it is clear that your extreme lack of a normal childhood and the abuse suffered at the hands of Howard Stark have greatly impacted on your ability to function as an adult.
Now I think it best if we loosen you up further, get you comfortable and relaxed taking my finger before I fit your plug.  It may seem I am moving a bit fast with regards to the physical side of our relationship, but you will settle and adjust faster to your omega status if we follow the structured course of education and training set by ‘The House of Traditional Omegas’.”
As he fucked Steve, he contemplated how easy it had been under the guise of monthly health checks to ensure the omega was injected with contraceptives and hormones that suppressed his libido and submissiveness.
The Omega Obstetrician says that the babies are growing at an acceptable rate, but your weight gain needs to be greater.  Dr Banner has delivered the omega supplements that he has tailored especially for you, so starting tomorrow you will follow his weight gain plan.  Omega Winter Rogers followed his feeding plan through both pregnancies and delivered health pups of good weight.”
“Feel that baby? That is what a well behaved obedient little one does in their diaper, from now on that is what I expect and to help you achieve this we are going to increase your formula and juice so that your bladder is constantly full and needs to empty itself.
He reached down to touch them, before remembering his arm was always cuffed behind his back, except he could not feel the weight of it pulling from his collar.  Panic set in when he looked round to the side and saw the pink scars crossing the stub of his shoulder where his arm should have been, he thought for one fleeting moment he was simply confused and looking at his left shoulder but a quick check of his other shoulder, bought the truth home.
“Captain, this is a rare gift that we have been granted, I urge that we vote to proceed immediately with any procedures necessary to ensure our pet become the breeding bitch it was clearly meant to be.  On Asgard such rare creatures and their off spring are highly sought after, Odin All-father and my beloved mother Frigga would think highly of Midgard if such a gift of pure bred pups were to be bestowed on them.”
Stark proved easy to manipulate and control, either by fucking him into blissed out incoherence or giving him the patented Captain America look of disapproval and disappointment whenever he became too independent of thought. Marriage had been proposed, children had been discussed, with Pepper offering to be a surrogate for them.  Stark had accepted  and had been in the process of having his Will rewritten to make Steve and any children they may have the sole beneficiaries, he had also agreed that the Avengers Funding should be addressed, but  the accident had happened before it could be finalized, so they were all in a very precarious position if he died of his injuries.
“Tony, we need to have a serious talk for a few minutes, then there are legal documents that will need your signature, after you can relax and see the rest of the Avengers who are desperate to see you.
“Get that shit the fuck away from me you demented old bat, I want these fuckers of my hands so I can eat my own god dam breakfast which sure as hell is not going to be the bloody slop you are trying to feed me!”
The afternoons were spent kneeling beside Odin whilst he held court, Odin never offered him up as compensation as he did Loki, even though there were many covetous looks sent his way.
Steve knew it was a big ask of Tony to display such submission and to internalise his orgasm after only a few months of training, but he knew that his omega was a natural and wanted to please him with how well he had adapted to his  training.
Once they had drained her milk, they placed her none to gently on the modified milking machine, that had been the bane to their own omega’s life.  It had been modified especially for the milk cow, to accommodate her fat clit, swollen cunt lips, and loose asshole.  The vibrating dildos gave small electric shocks if the stupid milk cow didn’t ride them as if she was on a trotting horse, the insides of the metal suction cups were covered in tiny pins that constantly pricked the thick teats and surrounding areola as they were milked.
His skeletal frame is hardening slower than expected so may take another few days to be back within normal parameters, I suspect that this could be due to his bones not having finished adjusting in size, once they have hardened fully you will be clear to resume fully any physical activities you wish to pursue. His muscle mass has reduced by a higher proportion to his height loss than I expected and there has also been further weight loss, I would advise a programme of exercise to maintain what he has left working and in good condition and I strongly advise that you keep to the strict feeding regime that had been devised for your boy.
The white fitted silk shirt showed off the curve of his small breasts and a hint of lacy cleavage. Tony had not been happy with the heels, but a couple of minutes of continuously vibrating omega balls had him squirming and panting, begging Steve to let him come. Needless to say, his omega was a bit unsteady on the heels after a string of orgasms.  It did not matter to Steve as it gave him an excuse to hold Tony close as they walked into the Avengers lounge where the cameras had been set up for the interview.
The screams, from the other chamber fed the intense heat of his need to claim and own the small omega, he would not let death claim his chosen consort.
Bruce and Banner are carrying out their body augmentations at the moment. The pair are getting along very well and l think it is safe to say will be collaborating on many projects. Banner is deferential towards Bruce so there is no clash of alpha will.
Odin did send for Tony the following evening, Sita walked him through the corridors a leash attached to his collar. He was naked, his holes plugged, and his nipples caught in tight clamps.  Sita had scrubbed him clean inside and out, only applying a thin layer of moisturising cream to his skin.
Steve continued to feed Tony until Bruce and the obstetrician arrived, Bruce helped him position Tony so that the doctor could carry out an internal examination.
Hulk had partially transformed, at 7ft he was a foot and a half off his fulll height and carrying less bulk and muscle.  Shuffling over he claimed the leash from Winter’s hand, pulling him over to a large metal table and with ease picked him up placing him in the centre.  It was not until he glanced down that he realised he was kneeling in warm soapy water.  Thick fingers tugged at the rubber harness removing the lower half along with the dildo in his asshole, Tony whined as the partially deflated knot caught on his swollen rim, with a final tug Hulk pulled it out, replacing it with one of his thick digits.  The rough, skinned finger grazed the walls of his channel as it pushed up seeking out his prostrate, once found the continuous scape of Hulk’s nail over the sensitive nub had him groaning, hips pushing backwards as he tried to impale himself on the thick digit, copious amounts of slick making it easier to slide down past the second joint.  It took a few moments to register that he was stuck, unable to move forward or further down, the knuckle acting like a knot locking him in place.
“Oh Tony, darling you are not worthless or useless, it’s just the imbalance in your omega hormones and the stress of all the physical changes your body is going through that are making you feel this way.  The injection the doctor gave you yesterday to boost your hormones doesn’t seem to have been enough, I will speak with him and see what can be done to quicken the process.
Take if his knife he cut away all of the omega’s clothes, tossing them and the shoes into the corner. Next he gathered up hand fulls of long hair, using his knife to saw through the thick strands.
Tony howled and screamed behind his gag as the cane landed repeatedly on his bare skin, his ass cheeks and thighs burned and throbbed with each blow but what truly made him scream were that blows that landed on his plugged hole.  Tears streamed down his face as the nightmare continued, a firm hand grabbing hold of his caged cock and giving it a harsh yank had him opening his closed eyes.
Thor smirked as he watched Winter, or should he say Armless, mindlessly fuck five milk cows one after the other, his balls swinging as he drilled each cow full of cum.  He laughed out right as the once fearless Winter Soldier, slobbered over the cows’ tits, milk dripping down his chin as he gorged himself on their milk.
“Good morning Alpha Rogers and Omega Stark, to start with we will go through the traditional presentation positions, omega please take your place standing on the red mat, I understand that some may be difficult as with your prior injuries you would not have been able to practice, but try your best.”
“Well done Dr Cho, once again your creative thinking shows how much you are invested in the wellbeing of the Alpha Avengers.”
Tony’s throat was raw from screaming, he could barely produce a whimper as the lasers seared the omega symbol on the back of his right hand and the Avengers symbol on his left hand, then the opposite way around on his palms.
“Sex Doll, don’t ever refuse to suck my cock, I don’t care how inexperienced you are, you do exactly what is asked of you and nothing less.”
You have now been legally registered as Omega Anthony Edward Stark aged 17, Omega to the Avengers Pack, and as is the law will be required to be mated within three months of becoming a Pack Omega, due to your injuries they have allowed and extension to two weeks before your eighteenth birthday if needed, so that gives us just under six months to fulfil all the legal requirements and get you settled and integrated into the Pack. As you are considered a minor because you are unmated, Pepper was awarded temporary guardianship until she found you a Pack.  Now that you have been registered as the Omega of the Avengers Pack, I as the Alpha am now responsible for you and you fall under my guardianship.
Steve pushed the soapy sponge into Tony’s mouth, not wanting to hear any more of his hateful words.  It took less than a moment to rip a strip from the hand towel to make a gag to secure the sponge.  Using more of his strength than normal he yanked Tony from the bath and swaddled him in a thick bath towel, containing his flailing limbs.  Once back in the nursery he paddled his naughty boy’s behind until it was cherry red, and his muffled screams had turned into sobs and garbled pleas for him to stop.
A furious and hysterical Tony had promptly gone out and lost his virginity to the first Alpha he had come across, the thick leather collar that had always been locked around his neck since he presented stopped any attempt at bonding, not that it would work anyway since his obviously demented and delusional father had ruined  any chance of him finding a suitable Alpha mate.
“Hulk got his Daisy Cow pretty outfit to wear, I put on knickers first they Jarvis you do arms and legs with them funny nano thingies.”
A hand cupped his face, forcing him to look up in to piercing blue eyes, eyes not sparking in anger but full of concern and understanding. A sob caught in his throat when he realised, he had spoken his thoughts out loud, Steve gathering him up in his arms opened the flood gate of tears as he lost himself in the storm of his turbulent emotions.
We bred her virgin cunt straight away, to get her milk flowing, you can do it artificially, but the quality is not as high. She is 18 now and this is her second breeding, triplets this time and twins first time.”
Peter’s behind throbbed as he lay between Peppers thighs, her cock resting in his open mouth, the slightest movement of the sheet covering them sent a jolt of pain across his reddened skin.  It was going to be a long night between his aching jaw and throbbing behind, yet the curl of satisfaction deep in his gut at having his Alpha’s undivided attention was worth all the pain and discomfort.
For normal bitch dogs it leads to weak litters and ailing breeding bitches, but for the hybrid birthing project it was a great bonus.  Neither her or Pepper’s fertility levels needed to be closely monitored with Raider’s extra sense of smell.
“Right, clean the cow and the stall, then get one of the old megs to sit with the littles and put them on her teats every two hours, might as well make her finish her shift.  Put a fast flow, feeding gag on her, the cow will need continuous nutrition for the next twelve hours.  One rest day, then back on full milking, the alpha pup will go to the Presidential nursery in the mansion and the omegas will go to the crèche with the other one, make sure they are given the President’s mark, so they don’t get sold.”
Finally, the last mouthful was swallowed, Steve could see Tony was in no condition to move by himself.  Picking him up he carried him back to the bedroom and laid him on the bed removing the collar and cuffs.
Winter was intrigued, he loved Tony’s small stature and slim figure, especially when they cinched his waist in a tight corset, he could span with his hands. But he could imagine the flushed skin, the rolls of soft flesh and plump little breasts, squeezing out of the corset.
Steve suffered as Bucky’s omega, with his balls finally removed, Bucky loved to show of his soft little cock to the world, dressing him always in feminine lingerie or sheer dresses.  He fucked him constantly, using his mouth as a cock warmer and piss hole during meetings.  He beat Steve for any perceived mistake or word spoken without permission.  There was no escape, he was Earth’s most famous omega and recognised everywhere.
Hulk wrestled Jella to the floor, using his superior weight and size to keep her beneath him as he tore off her kilt.  Jella bucked and kicked as he rammed four fingers into her cunt, a punch to her left tit had her lay still beneath him for a moment, taking advantage he worked his fist into her cunt. The moment she screamed and tried to buck him off he bit down on her right tit whilst he twisted her left nipple.
“This is the computer imaging of Omega Stark’s body that was taken when he was first admitted to Medical this morning.   As you can see his right lower leg has a clear break and his left shoulder is displaced, these were expected.  What we did not expect to find was clear evidence of a gastric by-pass and judging by the scar tissue several maintenance updates.  Lower down this small mass is the immature, pre-first heat omega sexual reproductive organs, it is a good sign that the damage cause by Howard Stark and Dr Davidson can be with reversed with the correct care and treatment, we are extremely lucky that he did not remove them.
Tied to the hound she could do nothing but swallow the cum flooding her mouth and try to breathe through the pain of the hound’s thick knot splitting her in two.
The gathered Avengers watched as the ultrasound wand ran over their pet’s stomach, just as the vet predicted the womb and breeding/birthing channel showed clearly on the monitor’s screen.
Sita smiled as she paraded a naked and well used Loki through the palace to the medical wing where Thor and the healers were waiting.
Dr Adams motioned for Steve to come join her on the sofas where she had been sitting waiting for her colleague to finish.
The de-aging incident has worked in our favour, Omega Stark will have the chance regain his health and live his life as a treasured Omega, become a member of a pack, bond and hopefully bear pups for his mate.  If he had to go through this in his 47 year old body, it would have been immensely painful and his first heat would have been his last, as omega menopause would have probably been triggered as well.”
Omega Stark you are the star of this Gala, you are proof that omegas  need to be tamed and owned. That  wayward, lone omegas cannot exist without the guidance of an Alpha.  Look at the difference a year has wrought on your life, no longer a loud obnoxious, attention seeking diva.  A rogue omega, hell bent on disrupting the lives of Alphas and all because daddy didn’t pay you enough attention.”
Darcy screamed into her gag as her breasts caught fire, she shook with fear as Banner pinched her right nipple and slowly pierced the tip with another wide bore needle, the pain was excruciating as he deliberately took his time to push the needle down through her nipple before releasing the plunger.
Drying off his still docile omega he carried him through to the nursery and placed him naked on the soft covers.  Bruce quickly checked his pulse and blood pressure before getting Steve to part his legs so he could check for any further damage to the omega’s cock and piercing, thankfully the cut was not deep and the piercing had held and not torn the stubby cock head.
In this photo taken after she started work at Stark Industries you can see even though her hair has grown out, her business suits are clean cut classic designs, her jewelry understated the only indulgence to her feminine side is her penchant for high heels. Every lover she has taken has been young and inexperienced, someone she can manipulate into a submissive role.  There is no doubt that she despises being seen as ‘the girl’ in any relationship and refuses to defer to any male opinion in the business world, even if it is valid.
The feast went on for hours, Bruce joined Thor at the head table and watched as the Asgardian omegas provided the evening entertainment and they crawled under the tables to service all the guests.  He was delighted when a tall thin Jotun omega knelt before him and swallowed down his cock.  He allowed Hulk to emerge, the court cheering him on as he proceeded to fuck the omega’s throat, cunt and asshole repeatedly.  It was liberating for both the Hulk and Bruce to not have to hold back their strength and size, the Jotun proved to be sturdy and resilient.  When the night ended, he dragged the Jotun omega back to his chamber, Hulk rumbling happily that he now had his own breeding bitch.  Odin had generously gifted the omega to them for providing such a wonderful display.
Tony had argued that he knew plenty about omega biology and that he was close to completing a working proto- type of a total omega scent suppressor that would revolutionise the lives of all omegas, Alpha’s would not be able to scent or catch unbonded omegas who did not want to be mated or who wanted to work in fields that they would not normally be allowed.
Natty shuffled into her kennel, exhausted by the huge weight of her belly, her nipples ached where Natasha had twisted and pulled them trying to get her milk flowing, but had only succeeding in getting a few tiny drops to come out.  Sinking down on to her mattress she let out a sigh of relief as the memory foam cushioned her body and allowed her to have a few minutes of relief.   Closing her eyes she drifted, the pups moving and kicking constantly meant she never got any real sleep, thankfully Mistress and The Professor had allowed her to go unmasked as she had become terrified of the darkness and the silence after being left for days when the Avengers had been called out on a mission.
Steve readily agreed to Nat’s plan, there was no point in him trying to be the one to go, he just didn’t have the stealth and computer skills she did.  He was incredibly disappointed that this omega was not their Tony, but if anyone could trace him it would be Natasha.
Tony watched in horror as the cutting edge nano-technology he had developed to use with his Iron Man armour spread over his hands, curling his fingers in to his palms, immobilising and encasing them completely.  The bands round his knees tightened and once his Alphas lowered him onto his hands and knees he realised that his knees would be cushioned by the nanobots making it less arduous to crawl.
“Well Steve Rogers, it’s time for you to pay the price for your foolishness in taking  Tony away from his true Alpha.  You are a complete and utter idiot, did it never occur to you to wonder why the Hulk has never made and appearance, why suddenly you were willing to take advice from an alpha you had previously dismissed and looked down on. Never mind allowing yourself to be coerced into being the submissive partner in a relationship with another alpha.
Therefore, a decision has been made for Paraphilic, infantilism Conditioning Therapy as the correct course of treatment in your situation.  I understand that you and Captain Rogers have indulged in mild forms of age play with a submissive sexual element  in the past but you found it difficult to let go your adult mind set, here at the Centre we will provide you with the mental and physical techniques to find your little mind set and to explore all aspects of what that might entail for you in your relationship with Captain Rogers.
Hours later he was still immersed in the science, fascinated by the fact that Stark had made the final connections needed to adapt the Cradle.  He might not be the Tony Stark that he knew but he still trusted in his genius.
“OWWWW Owwww, fingers Steve, cramp they h..hurt so much, please make it stop, d..daddy  please, please.  I will be a good boy, make it go away p.. please !”
His third guest was on he had been greatly looking forward to meeting, Betty Ross was every bit as beautiful and intelligent as her Alpha counterpart on Bruce’s world. The omega had stupidly thought her father would help her even though they had fought and disagreed for most of her life. General Ross had dragged his daughter straight to the Tower and thrown her at Bruce.
“Tony that is not what I expected of you, how could you think such a thing?  I would never have expected hear such derogatory words coming from you.”
I love you baby, and l know you didn’t mean all the hurtful and nasty things you have just said to me. I forgive you and we will work through this, just as we did your last breakdown.
Tony hung from Steve’s knot, his backside throbbing from the severe spanking he had received after his first knotting.  He is face blushed bright red as Steve walked into the lounge, greeting all the other Avengers as though he did not have him hanging from his cock.
Winter our omega bitch’s throat is as tight as her cunt, come on little whore work those throat muscles, milk my cock, I want to see your belly bulging with our cum.”
It was extremely dehumanising, first he was given a thorough cleansing, a penis gag fitted to stop any noise, instead of a real brand, a thick black marker was used to write his milk cow number on his butt cheek.  He was made to crawl to his stall, his butt and back being cropped if he didn’t move fast enough.
After deep throating her until she nearly passed out, he took to sliding his cock out to sit on her lips, before slamming it backdown her throat time after time until she was coughing and spluttering as his spunk filled her mouth, unable to keep swallowing the huge amount pumping out of his cockhead.  Spraying his final load over her face and breasts he walked out of the room, leaving the door open for the lab technician to pass through, nodding to the forming que of medical staff waiting for their turn to break in the sex doll and ensure by the end of the session that her gag reflex would be totally destroyed.
He felt Steve’s hands begin to caress his head and neck, fingers skimming over his scent glands not putting any pressure on them.  It was soothing and he melted into the touch finding comfort in the repetitive motion of his Alpha’s strong fingers massaging his hair and neck.  The scrape of nails across his mating mark had him moaning out loud slack lips pressing together tongue flicking at the semi hard cock resting in his mouth.
He placed himself on the bed, sighing as his back connected with his new silk sheet, spreading his knees he closed his eyes and waited. The air was cool on his naked body, his nipples perking up as he trailed his fingers over them, moving his hand down he rubbed at the sensitive skin along his perineum, just stopping before his hole, his watcher had warned him not to touch either his cock or his ass hole. He thought about disobeying, but the plan was to obey and get out of here. Heat curled in his belly as his cock got stiffer, shocks of pain zinging through him as the ring squeezed the base of his cock and cut into his balls.
“Sir, would it please you to let me brand your cow, I have done it countless times on the farm, and I have a real good, steady hand.”
“The stories of my sexual conquests both male and female maybe somewhat exaggerated, well actually the majority of them are in fact.  Even when Pepper and I were together we only had sex a few times, she never minded as she was always tired from her work as CEO and my nightmares kept her awake, so we often slept in separate rooms.
“Please Steve, don’t do this to me, isn’t it enough that my body will never be the same as it was before we bonded, it has changed even more now I am having your pups.  You have taken my balls and my cock is useless now, please don’t emasculate me any further, you can’t do this to me Alpha please!”
Tony can’t believe that Steve has managed to talk Pepper into allowing them to have four days vacation, he can’t stop smiling at they fly up to the Cabin, it’s remote and fairly basic by his standard but he knows that Steve wants a complete break from the hectic nature of their lives and that he does not want Tony to get distracted by his workshop, Jarvis is on his phone in case of emergencies but otherwise is not linked to the Cabin at all.
Hulk was having none of that noise, milk cows didn’t scream or speak, they only mooed, abruptly the screams cut off as he shoved one of fingers in to Daisy’s mouth, forcing it deep into her throat.  Squeezing rhythmically one of her thick long nipples he began to milk her tit as he fucked her mouth with his finger.
It’s Gangsters and their Molls.  I have the outfits, you will have to go as my Moll, being you’re the little pretty one.”
Steve watched as Tony’s pink tongue swiped the last of the sugary grape juice from his lips, leaving just a few crystals dusting his chin. Unable to resist he leaned over and licked the sweetness up, before covering Tony’s lips with his own, drawing him into a deep lingering kiss, his tongue plundering his omega’s mouth chasing the last of the spelled juice.  His arousal grew as Tony stilled beneath him remembering one of Steve’s first instructions in traditional omega training, as he deepened the kiss his cock hardened at the sound of Tony’s needed whines.  Reaching down he released his cock stroking it to fullness as he sucked and bit on Tony’s kiss swollen lips, precum leaking as he imagined them stretched round his thick length.
Tony had been starting to relaxing under the constant carding of Steve’s strong fingers through his hair, froze at the mention of diapers and cosy pyjamas, what the fuck was the delusional woman going on about.
Natty froze when the unknown Alpha hound shook her, teeth biting deep into her shoulder. Biting her lip, she held on as he pounded her wrecked cunt, his knot catching on her swollen flaps as he Jack knifed into her, exhausted and terrified that he would rip her to pieces she hung limp and silent as he forced his knot deep into her and shot his load, locked together she could do nothing but stare at the faces watching her through the viewing window.
“Inspector I have completed Omega Stark’s physical examination and you can proceed with your review whilst I compile my notes.  If you go into the adjoining room, you will find it is set out for testing.”
Sita take the whore and prepare it, I want it delivered to my chambers after the feast, I will carry out a thorough inspection to ensure that it has been thoroughly trained.
He hears the sound of heavy footsteps long before he sees the dark figure striding towards him, as his Watcher gets closer, he finds himself eager to see his face, there is something familiar in the way he walks, how he holds himself, the broad shoulders and the muscular arms, one slightly larger than the other.  He laughs as the moonlight catches his face, uncaring of the pain he runs to the man who sweeps him up.
“Now Pepper get up and go shower, there will be a dresser waiting to help you get ready afterwards.  If you do not arrive exact at midday, l will take that to mean you renounce your Pack and your position as CEO. If that is the case, you will leave here with nothing but the clothes on your back and a resettlement payment in your bank account.”
“Ahgg…mmmm…y yes, yes come on harder, harder, fuck just right there! Come on you bastard! Fill me up with your cum, want the real thing deep inside me. Want to feel it every time I move.”
Tony by this time had swaddled the pup and placed it in one of the four small nests he had created on the left side of his birthing nest. Just as he managed to lay back against his mound of pillows the urge to push once again hit, taking a deep breath he bore down, willing the pup to move, sobbing when the contraction ended and he had a brief respite from the pain.  A cool hand cupped his face, brushing his tangled curls off his forehead, he greedily drank the water offered.
Steve beamed with pride as his omega happily accepted every mouthful of food with no complaint, Tony practically glowed with happiness as he lay back on his pillows having been allowed one small block of the chocolate once as a reward for pleasing his Alpha by eating and remembering his manners and politely thanking all the other alphas for their gifts.
Steve tugged the ropes free reaching out to grab hold of the inflated mounds and kneading them between his fingers, even with the nipples clamped tight he could see drops of milk being forced out of the hard, dark nubs.
Bruce smirked as he saw both Alphas brighten at the thought of their omega now being able to keep up with their super sexed bodies, and their non-existent refractory period.
He wastes no time in ramming his cock into Loki’s tight hole, mouthing at the bundle of nerves, enjoying the way the omega has no choice but to relax and grind back onto his cock, hips undulating with each thrust.
“201 is one of our premium pregnant milkers, you can see how rich her milk is.  This cow has been with us for two years, picked her up at a farm auction, her sale saved her family farm.  It took some persuasion as the parents were against it, but the son found my buyer and made the deal, to this day here parents think she ran away and that the son managed to get a last minute bank loan.
I know that you are not stupid, Bruce clearly outlined the feeding plan and the reasons behind it, this is not just for the pups but also for your own welfare and health.”
Stripping off his suite jacket and tie he watched as Darcy came crawling into the bedroom to present herself at his feet, lips touching his shoes.
He ran his hand over her shorn hair, the high and tight marine cut left little of her still white hair, maybe an ¾ inch on top and a quarter to nothing on the sides, Hawkeye had decidedly got carried away with the clippers. Her pale skin and freckles stood out against the brown pant suit and burnt orange shirt, not flattering at all, she must have really pissed of Natasha this morning.
There was no mirror for her to watch as the dye was applied, and neither would tell her the colour. Back in the chair she relaxed as he combed out her long hair and fringe, if she hated the colour she would just go to her normal stylist and have it redone.
Steve carries Tony to the small omega bedroom next to the master suite after washing him down. His pussy and asshole are still gaping so for tonight he leaves him unplugged, the bruising on his ass and tits is slowly fading due to the weakened serum now flowing in his blood.  Running his hands over his omega’s belly he feels the sleepy kicks of his pups as they too settle down to sleep.  Pulling the comforter over his omega he leaves him to sleep, rushing back to the master bedroom where Bucky is waiting for him naked and hard spread out on the large bed.
Later that night he smiled with satisfaction as Darcy crawled into her crate, nipples weeping milk and blood, by the following evening they would be healed, omega biology always healed their nipples quickly, protecting the food source for their pups.
“Sweetheart, such a good omega for choosing to submit to your Alpha’s will, for being such a good boy I will let you hold your Stark pad whilst I feed you, once the dialysis is set up you can update Jarvis’s protocols to show your change in status and I would also like for you to update the security measures in the tower and as your Alpha you will need to provide myself with overrides codes for all areas in case of any emergencies.”
Branding complete, Bruce and Hawkeye dragged the omega over to the breeding bench, immobilising him with thick strapping, so that he was ass up ready to be fucked by the Avengers Alpha.  Hawkeye placed the blindfold over his eyes whilst Bruce fitted a ring gag, once Steve had bound the omega to the Pack, they could take turns in filling his stomach with cum.
Tony remembered his mother Maria, petite and beautiful always graceful in her submission to his father even when being beaten for some perceived error in behaviour.  She never made a sound tears falling silently down her face and at the end of her punishment she would kiss her Alpha’s hand and thank his for correcting her behaviour.  Then she would crawl from the room to shut herself away in her room until his father allowed her to come out.  Sometimes it would be days before he saw her again.
Steve smirked as he pulled his fingers out and pushed his cock into his baby boy’s special hole, filling it to the hilt. Covering Tony’s body with his much larger one he began to move with slow gentle thrusts, increasing the speed as his baby was whimpering and moaning, begging him to go faster and harder.
Covering the omega’s back, he mouthed the flushed skin surrounding the swollen omega gland, his enhanced senses could hear the frantic beating of Tony’s heart, taste the sour scent of distressed omega pheromones mixing with the beginnings of the sweet scent of arousal, omegas would always be a slave to an Alpha’s cock in the end.  The moment he felt the barbs on his cock latch on as his cock began to pulse, he bit down, sinking his teeth deep into the bonding gland.  Sweet nectar filled his mouth and he greedily sucked in the secretions, his canines releasing his own Alpha secretions to seep into the torn gland and seal the bond.  Locked in place he could feel his cock pulsing and cum flooding Tony’s channel, retracting his canines he lathed the torn skin, until the wound stopped bleeding, the healing factor in his saliva would ensure that by the morning the bonding bite would be sealed and the scaring would be minimal.
The smack to his face and then his tits had him rocking back, pain shooting up his cunt as the rigid wooden cock bruised his walls.
Winter’s fingers join his in teasing the omega’s holes, pushing and twisting the plug and dildo until Tony screams through his orgasm, a small trickle of cum leaks from his still caged cock much to the two Alphas amusement.
Steve looked down at his omega’s straining cock, it small head leaking drops of pre cum, swiping up the drops with his fingers he placed them against Tony’s lips pushing until Tony had no choice but to open up and suck them clean.
True to his word the President ensured that Darcy attended every public function kneeling by his side, collared and leashed.  He took great enjoyment in exposing her full breasts, complete with nipple clamps. Her small pregnant belly straining against her short omega shift, the thin gauzy material hiding nothing. When he made kneel with her thighs apart the Press and Photographers were stunned to see her exposed clit and heavily pierced labia.
She had not known that Tony never had any intentions of bonding, after Obie’s betrayal he was never going to trust or let close another Alpha. He was going to show the world that an omega could live and thrive without having to submit and be owned.  Unfortunately, as the years passed he could feel himself becoming more and more adrift, unsettled and constantly searching for anything to fill the empty space growing inside him.
Steve stroked Tony’s hair and rub his back as he waited for him to calm down, it was a few minutes before his omega finally began to speak.
“Tony I am going to carry you for a while, we need to pick up the pace or we will be late, the Portal will only stay open for a short amount of time.   You need to climb up onto my back and hold on tight, I am going to see how much distance I can cover at a run. You will need to have the shield on your back so that it protects you.”
But you are correct Bruce, we have already been sexually active, and l have disciplined him as well, he did not protest very hard, and he was always wet and ready.”
He climbed on to the bed between Stevie’s spread  thighs, fingers tracing the white lace covered dick, and the small hard balls.  It would not be long before they would fall off, the band had slowly been cutting of all the blood circulation. He wanted Stevie to experience his emasculation in a visceral way, his baby didn’t need them, he only wanted to play with a soft little omega cock.
The birthing chair ensures that the bitches stay focused and can’t harm their pups before they bond. Force bred omegas are known for going feral, the only way to stop that is to restrain them, cover them in their milk and ensure the pups latch on the moment the are born.  The pups will bond instantly during feeding and the bitches will take to the pups within a the day of constant breastfeeding.
Steve released his bound hands and clipped the leash back onto his collar leaving it trailing over his shoulder and down his back.
“Thank you Pepper, I will make that he is waiting for you outside your office in the morning.  Do I have your consent to train him as I see fit?  Good by the time the pups have been delivered Petey will be a proper sissy omega.”
Steve continued to milk his omega’s pussy and clit as as he trembled and whimpered through the aftershocks of his orgasm, locked on his knot Tony had no escape as Steve played with his abused clit until tears ran down his face as a second orgasm had him squirting on his Alpha’s fingers.
Ten hours after  Ironman had been airlifted of the battle field Captain America stormed in to Fury’s office followed by the Thor, Bruce, Natasha and Clint, uncaring as the door slammed in to the wall cracking the plaster.
Tony could not figure out what Steve meant by that but the hand that gently cupped and rubbed his soft belly pouch made him realise that his alpha was  anticipating that it would be swollen with his babies.
Now spider will be awake and able to watch everything done in the mirror above, I have already pinned her eyelids so that she cannot close her eyes.  She will not feel any pain, just some tugging and pushing.  Now we are going to go from top to bottom, so firstly I am going to freeze he vocal cords so that she cannot speak, she will be able to make noises and scream, but no words.  Such a quick and simple procedure and voila! the first part of being human removed, now onto her breasts, we only want to keep the nipples so will inject fat burning enzymes that are specifically made to target breast tissue, its fast working so in about an hour her tits will have reduced and all that will be left will be her nipples which we will then inject with a drug that will make them larger and incredibly sensitive to any kind of stimulation.
Steve steadied Tony as they walked up the final incline to the rendezvous site, they had made good time, he had only just put Tony down so that he could have his arms free to wield his shield if there was anyone waiting to ambush them.
The first part of the examination passed quickly, the doctor confirming that both his shoulder and leg were now fully healed, and he would no longer need the walking boot and would just need to do some gentle muscle strengthening exercises.
Steve strode into the main lobby of the Tower, acknowledging the bowed heads of all the senior staff as he entered.  He stopped in the center of the lobby by the raised dais, holding a punishment bench.  He took note of the staff who seemed uncomfortable or angry at its appearance.  He would have Happy look into their backgrounds, there was no room for dissent to the new working practices he was introducing, well not new but certainly to some considered traditional and outdated.
Steve finished signing the papers for his membership and with a touch of a button transferred his fees. There had always be rumours of The Elite Alpha Club but much like the famous Hellfire Club what actually occurred within the Clubs was all supposition unless you were a member.
After clasping her hands behind her back, she spread her knees wide, raising her eyes she stared at her reflection, eyes welling with tears, that began to flow as large hands stroked her head.
The doctors had been concerned by some of his behaviour and had advised further psychiatric reviews to ensure he was stabilised and free of Hydra and the Winter Soldier conditioning. Steve just knew that they were being too cautious and had advocated that Bucky would be better off with his mates and the Avengers to watch over him, after all he had known Bucky since they were kids who better than to recognise if he was having difficulties or acting unlike his Bucky would.
Tony looked so cute in his bedtime outfit, the thick padded cloth diaper meant his baby’s thighs could not close fully, his shortened legs taking on a bow legged appearance which would be permanent with continued use of the diapers as the softened bones hardened.  Steve knew he needed to be careful and keep his strength in check handling his baby over the next couple of days until Tony’s skeletal frame hardened fully again, especially if the new injection created the full reduction in size that he craved.
Adorable, that was the only way to describe Tony as he stared anxiously up at him with his large doe eyes, cheeks flushed bright red, as his teeth nervously bit his bottom lip.
Slowly Steve and Winter begin to move, soon setting up a steady rhythm, as Steve thrusts upwards Winter pulls down. As Tony’s channel adjusts to the size of both their cocks they speed up until his whole body is being shaken by the power of their thrusts.
There is no time to get Pup back to the Tower, the vet has offered to board him until we get back, he has secure kennels in the basement with high quality security.  Happy will also be along soon to watch over Pup as well.”
Tony could feel his cheeks heat, as he stepped into the new diaper, trying to wriggle away as Steve’s hand slipped down the front.
The rich and elite used them as status symbols, the more elaborate the crate and the omega inside the higher their status.  Omegas were seen as treasures to be pampered and protected.  Being able to arrange a marriage with an omega was looked on as a blessing from the Gods.
He shuddered pushing deep down the tiny voice at the back of his mind that laughed at him, that whispered that he had loved being dominated and mastered, that even now his abused hole was twitching and leaking cum and slick when he thought of Steve’s huge cock thrusting into him over and over again.
He knew that Thor had a soft spot for Tony, but with being death bonded to his Alphas nothing could come of it.  He was shocked when Odin approved of the little Midgardian omega and took him to his bed every night, rarely leaving a mark on Tony or degrading him as he did Loki.
“Please Alphas, fill my holes with your cocks, fuck me, breed me, want you to take me hard and fast, show me how to be a good bitch for you both.”
Natasha brushed the sleeping Omega’s hair off his forehead before placing a soft kiss, “бедный котенок.”  He was Pack now, under her protection, she would do everything to ensure that he became healthy and happy.  For him she would be willing to give up her secret talent for baking, he would not be able to resist her Spiced Honey Russian cake and Baklava.
Today Natasha had stripped her bare then ordered her to don the dark red nanotech suit laid out for her.  The figure hugging suit tightened until she could only take small, shallow breaths, her arms were pulled behind her back, the nano tech forming into a single sheath that melded to her back, what scared her the most was the secretive smile on Natasha’s face as she tugged the hood of the suit over her head, leaving her in darkness, her mouth held wide open by the nanotech ring gag.
Adding a third finger then a forth he twists and pushes deeper, enjoying the obscene stretch of the omega’s cunt, flexing his fingers he brushes against the little bitch’s inner walls, making it squirm and press down on his fingers pussy juice dripping out to coat his metal hand. Slowly he keeps pushing his fingers deeper, both of them smirking as the bitch writhes and moans fucking down on to his fingers and Stevie’s knot. Crooking his thumb, he slips it in, the bitch is on the edge babbling nonsense and begging like the whore it is.
The President smiles as he strokes the cow’s bald head, he pays no attention to the tears dripping down her face.
“Tony I do not want you to panic so I am going to show you this and explain how it will be fitted.  If you want to fit it yourself I will allow you to do so this time but in future it will be done by my hands.”
“Bruce, I have more important things to deal with than Ms Potts, I cannot get rid of her until we know everything about the running of Stark Industries.  Even  then she would be incredibly useful, but only if her submission to myself and the Pack was genuine or completely controllable.”
It took less than ten seconds to flip him over his knee and start smacking his bottom, he trapped his flailing legs and arms and proceeded to tan his little monster’s backside, not stopping until the screams of temper turned in to tearful sobs and choked sorries.
‘Omega Stark Winter Rogers is conclusive proof that bonding is the only way to ensure a happy and healthy Omega’
Steve pushed Tony back onto the sofa head and arms placed on the low back, on his knees his arse thrust up and out. Gripping the base of the plug he started to work it out watching the ring of muscle stretch wider and wider straining to push out the massive plug, he could have had JARVIS reduce the size but where would be the fun in that, each tug elicited a whimper and whine from his shivering omega as it brushed against his prostrate.
“It is made of vibranium and will replace the clear cover of your arc reactor for tonight. It will hide the reactor from view and stop anyone who may wish to harm you from gaining access to it.”
“What the hell happened in here Steve?  JARVIS says Tony has gone in to labour, he is not due for another two weeks.  Come on we need to get him to his nest I would prefer medical but he is already stressed and and on the verge of going in to shock, he needs the safety of familiar surroundings and scents to get through the strain of birthing these pups.”
Clint and Natasha kissed over Pepper’s bowed head, it was such fun tormenting Pepper, the bitch was so concerned about her position as CEO, she rarely stood up to them at all on a personal level , any respect she had with the Avengers had long disappeared as she continued to allow them to do anything they wanted, without proffering an alternative solution that gave her some control..  Clint suspected that she had always had a streak of submissiveness within her but had deeply suppressed it, but now having had their serum and constantly being dominated and put in humiliating positions it was rising fully to the surface as much as she would try to deny it.
Standing as one they helped their omega to his feet, leading him from the doctor’s office by his bound tits.
With shaking hands Tony manages to get a grip of the plug and twist it free, water flows out gushing down his legs, he cringes with embarrassment even though he knows it will be mostly clean due to the enema he had that morning.
Darcy sank down to her knees, spreading her thighs wide as she had in her first press conference so that all the world could see her ringed cunt and the fresh brands on her inner thighs. Her Alpha stroked her head and neck, and the cameras caught the squirt of cunt juice as she silently orgasmed after just a few touches to her bald head.
Steve watched the receding figure of Iron man stunned by the never ending nonsense babble that had spewed from his omega’s mouth and by the heady sent of his omega’s slick and heat pheromones.
Tony stared in to the camera lens, slowly licking his slick soaked fingers as he spoke.  Squeezing his nipples, he allowed the droplets of milk to roll down his breasts before massaging it in to his skin. Occasionally he would run his hand down over his swollen belly to hover over his caged cock, never quite touching it he looked in to the lens smirking;
Drawn up during the 1500s it main purpose was to ensure that omegas who entered into an arranged marriage immediately became the property of their husband and gave up all rights to their freedom and ties to their family.  It was mainly used by the landed gentry to ensure that once a marriage had been arranged the omega or any offspring of the union could not make any claim on the omega’s birth family’s estate or seek refuge with them.
Steve let go of his omega’s chest , leaving him to dangle off his knot as he grabbed his hips and started to pound into his bitch,  the high pitched squeals and whines of his omega pushing him over the edge and he could feel the ropes of cum painting Tony’s insides.  He could feel his barbs lock into place as Tony wailed in pain, looking round he motioned to the large security guard that was standing behind his table to come forward.
Tony was scared as he looked in to Bucky’s eyes seeing them glitter with malice, Bucky hated him or just hated omegas he wasn’t sure which one it was. At least his pups were alright, even if he was scared shitless himself. His breasts ached and his butt cheeks burned, the sharp edge of the table digging into his abused skin.  Feeling a hand on his cock he cried out when he felt the snap of a rubber band against the base and another round the tip.
Tony swayed as he tried to look up at his Alpha.  Oops, Winter had angry, worried face, which meant he needed to get his face to turn into worried, concerned face to avoid any punishment, and he needed to do it quick before Steve became aware of his reckless behaviour.
People disliked him because of his intelligence and no one could keep up with his thought processes, add good looks and being a billionaire he could see the avarice and want in their eyes, no one wanted him for just being Tony all they saw was a means to getting their hands on his wealth and being able to use him anyway they saw fit under the legality of being his Alpha.
Within minutes he had accessed the vents and had made his way down to the omega’s workshop, the reinforced glass walls took longer than he liked to break and it was only due to his enhanced eye sight that he caught the movement on the far wall. Barrelling across the floor, shards of glass crunching under his boot he threw himself at the closing gap managing to grab on to the bare ankle.
Now Mr President, is there any modifications that you feel might enhance your enjoyment of BB’s body?  I have bought with me some easy fixes that can be done now with injections.”
“Tony please answer the question truthfully, why did you go off on your own to the restroom at the Gala, when you knew that you were not allowed?”
He could see the frown on Steve’s face and smell the disappointed alpha pheromones, but he couldn’t let the sad look in his eyes get to him, even though he had the urge to just hold him and make things right, stupid omega hormones.  He didn’t even remember the birth and physically he was recovered, so why did he feel so sad at the thought he had upset Steve and that he had really disappointed the Alpha.
“S Steve, what the fuck have you done to me?  How am I supposed to go out in public and run my company looking like this!  I am never going to be taken seriously, everyone will laugh at me and ridicule me.  H..how could you do this to me?”
Tony jumped as cold hands reached round to cup his tender nipples, he shivered as the thin long cock eased into his loose hole the metal piercings running its length rubbing against his inner walls, teasing his nub with each slow thrust.  Cool skin pressed against his back as magic fingers pinched and squeezed his nipples until they fully hardened, jutting out from his breasts.
Tony desperately clenched his passage trying to milk his Alpha’s cock of its cum, he could feel Steve’s knot starting to swell the burning sensation of it forcing its way past his already tightly stretched rim. He was so close to getting what he wanted and needed, he just had to get Steve to lose that last little bit of control he was holding on to.
I wish I had never been born, or that I could have grown up to be the perfect partner that you deserve.
Leaning forward he captures Winter’s lips in a soft slow kiss, both Alphas take their time to explore each others mouths, neither Alpha tries to dominate the other, this slow lingering kiss an acknowledgement of their mutual attraction.  Both pull apart when they are hit with the distressed scent of their omega.
Pulling his cock completely out he waits for Tony’s breath to even out before once again filling his throat, shooting his load of cum.  Cock still hard he pulls his omega up on to the couch before kicking off his jeans and stripping off his top.
So l told her what happened and how l never stopped looking for her or my omega.  She is so smart and with my guidance is going to grow up to be a formidable Alpha.
Thor you may have your pick of the court omegas to keep your bed warm tonight, Loki will be returned to you in the morning as l understand you have an appointment with the healers.”
“l have work to hard and for too long to be dismissed and humiliated in this fashion.  I am going to have these brats and them l am finished with you perverted bastards
The scold’s bridle whilst not overly heavy was close fitting, the tongue plate made it difficult to swallow, she could feel the drool running over her lips and down her chin.  The harsh leather collar and cuffs chaffed her soft skin and she thought longingly of her beautiful supple butter soft leather collar with its diamond and emerald jewels, she even missed all the body jewellery that usually adorned her skin.
Meg left Steve to his musings, now to sort out the Stark Omega and get him on board with delivering these pups without the use of drugs.  Just once she would like these highly strung omegas to just get on with giving birth without the dramatics.  She blamed all these modern Alphas who were pussy whipped by their omegas and scared to dominate them correctly due to the stupid omega rights movement.
He cried himself to sleep, hand stroking the now tattered edge of his silk sheet, he dreamt of a large dark warrior striding across the plain, coming to rescue him.  When he woke in the morning there was a pair of silk stockings hanging in the back of the chair, on the chair was a small pot of scented oil.
Wanting to see his baby’s face when he finally lost the battle with his bladder he flipped him over and started to rub circles on his stomach pressing a little harder each time, placing his other hand over the front of the diaper, he grinned when he felt the padding thicken and warm.
“Do you think that you deserve the reward of my knot, do you think that you have earned the right to be pleasured by your Alpha?”
He watched as his cock breached the swollen ring again, each thrust caused a moan to break free from his Omega, he would always remember this first time when he proved his dominance and took possession of Tony body and soul, ending the free reign of the Omega no one had thought would ever be claimed or tamed.
Tony lay cuddled under the blankets, thankfully now itch free after Bruce had given him an anti-histamine injection.  He was sulking a bit as Steve had refit to take his mitts off, with Bruce backing him up.
“Mr President, the first omega has been cleansed inside and out and is ready for you to decide on her outfit for this afternoon’s meeting with the British Prime Minister and his wife.
“Such a good omega tonight doll, perfectly behaved and so beautiful.  You deserve your reward, do you want to know what it is, nod your head for yes, well then as you know Bruce has perfected the formula for testing pups to discover their orientation early on, he tested the girls this afternoon and the results show that Maria is an Alpha and Anna and Sarah are omegas.  Wonderful isn’t it, such a clever little bitch to birth two omegas on your first breeding.”
“Little spider Natty what do you think of your new look, my own little alien pet, smooth from head to toe.  I am glad that the Professor removed your ears, it will create a much sleeker look with your bitch suit.
Tony cuddles closer, he wasn’t sure what to think.  It was difficult to reconcile the Pepper that bossed him around and nagged him to do his work and attend board meetings, with this naked and collared Pepper who allowed the Avengers and Happy to do whatever they wanted to her body, usually without any objection.
“Steve, you have already had sexual intercourse with him, albeit that you thought it was the other Omega, helped him through his pregnancy heat and also provided him continual relief for his omega needs after the truth came out.  You have mounted and disciplined him as though he was already your omega regardless of the situation you both were forced into, this just makes it official, so that Tony is protected, is under control and is answerable to a dominant Alpha.
He revelled in the knowledge that no other man would possess the body underneath him again, his hands tightened around Stark’s wrists at the thought of all those men.  Stark had been such a slut in the past sleeping around and not caring about the awful reputation he was gaining as the greatest Omega Slut of modern times.
"Now this is how a proper omega should be, docile and quiet, a fuck hole to be used in any way its Alpha wants. There is only one more thing that I need to do to make you in to the perfect omega, I am going to get rid of that pathetic useless cocklet.”
“Why, because I am a Dominant Super Alpha, control is everything, I will not tolerate any alpha that cannot submit or is a challenge my position.  The Avengers is a Battle Pack and thus is structured around my leadership, they all know their place within the pack.
A shiver ran through her as he raked his eyes over her from head to toe. The smile on his face was dark as he turned to Natasha.
Bruce gave a thumbs up from the operating theatre, before assisting the surgeons in closing up the omega’s exposed chest cavity.
Steve pumped Tony’s cock pushing back the foreskin, nail scrapping across his slit, Tony’s moans getting louder at each firm stroke.   Placing the collection cup over his little one’s cock he thrust his denim clad cock against Tony’s tight hole, the rough material grazing over the sensitive skin had Tony crying out as his cock pulsed streams of cum in to the waiting container.
Tony had been to the White House and the Oval Office many times, but this was different, he had never before come as a bonded, owned omega, with no right to speak or even look anyone in the eye He walked behind his Alphas with his eyes lowered, ensuring that his leash never pulled taut or he tripped in the heels that Winter had insisted he wear.
“Guys, he is very lucky to have survived with the injuries from whatever battle happened before he was thrown through the portal, he has a severe concussion, multiple fractures, deep tissue bruising and four broken ribs, thankfully none have punctured a lung, the most severe is a ruptured spleen .  Dr Cho has already set him up in the Cradle and full physical healing should take place within twenty-four hours.
Both ended up in Kamar-Taj, studying the mystical ancient teachings of the monks residing in the Temple gave them the healing they had been searching for along with new abilities.
Two months after separation he was at peak health, both in body and mind.  His clarity of thought still amazing even now, no more rumbling and angry words in his head.  He was thankful also that physically he was on par with these Avengers, although not The Captain, as he was expected to spar and train with them, even though he was only going to be a reserve member.
As Odin descended slowly from his throne, Sira ordered the sprite living within the wooden bench to change the angle so that Odin could feed his cock past Loki’s trembling lips after she had pushed and o-ring gag into Loki’s mouth.
“Yea Doc, omegas are made for breeding and birthing pups so don’t need anything fancy to help them along and relieve their pain.  The bitches need the pain to focus on pushing out the pups and getting them latched on to their tits for feeding and bonding, don’t want them passing on any unnatural crap to the pups through their milk!
Now Betty was compliant and submissive, following his every order immediately.  Professor Hulk had completed the modifications he had requested, so now his petite omega had large plump breasts and fat nipples, with a  fat clit peaking from a nest of dark curls. Her hips had been widened and her pert ass enlarged, her waist a mere 18 inches. Her hair was now cut in a utilitarian bob with bangs, after her pathetic begging and pleading for him not to cut her hair he had had the long plait made into a five tailed whip and took great enjoyment in inflicting pain on her, with her once pride and joy.
Once in the Oval Office he settled on his knees beside his Alphas, whilst the rest of the Avengers stood behind them.  He glanced through his lashes at the President who had greeted all the Avengers, whilst staring lecherously at his exposed nipples and clamped cunt lips. Tony hated the thought of the creep touching him but knew that he would have to obey of his Alphas if they gave permission, thankfully Thor and Loki made their entrance and the President’s attention turned to the other omega.
Once he had fitted bands of rubber around both knees, he motioned for Winter to release their omega’s hands, once held out in front of him he placed smaller bands of rubber around each wrist.
“There we go my little lady, see how much better it is when you are calm and relaxed, going to keep knotting you until your heat starts then fill you with pups, you will be even more beautiful with a large belly to match you’re already full rack. In the morning I am going to have these beauties pierced, then branded with my Presidential mark, want everyone to see that you belong to me.
Thor could feel his length thickening as he gazed at Loki’s throbbing clit glistening with juices, the ringed cunt lips already looking larger, the weight and tightness of the rings forcing them downward.
Tony couldn’t even hide is bright red face, as Steve had pulled him up so everyone could see is flushed face and his tiny hard penis.
“There we go sweetheart, from now on we will keep your greedy holes full, guess it’s what you are used to now.  With this remote l can switch them on anytime, anywhere, does it make you all hot and bothered to know that your holes belong to me and any pleasure you feel is totally under my control, that l can make you come whenever l want, perhaps on camera whilst being interviews.  Show the public what good little omega bitch you are now.”
“Such a tight little bitch, gonna make sure to fuck your mouth later so that you know your place, you won’t be ordering me around or disputing my ability to do my job ever again.  Alpha Rogers has my total support and l for one am going to ensure that any hidden omegas within the company are found and bought to the Pack Alpha’s attention.”
“Please Alphas fuck me harder!  Need it bad, please, please fill me with your cum!  Nn..need it so bad, fill my slutty holes,  milk my tits, don’t stop want your  cocks to drown me in cum, please, please let me prove to you both that I can be the perfect cum dump for you.”
Tony fussed over the diaper change, not happy that he had wet himself without even noticing, his tummy hurt, and the diaper daddy fitted on him was bigger and thicker that the soft cloth ones he normally wore.  He couldn’t straighten his legs due to the thick padding and hated the crinkling noise it made whenever he moved.
Nick love, I told you it was a bad idea to throw the girls Frozen DVD out the window.  Even if they have watched it a gazillion times you just have to suffer through it until the next Disney film.
Silence greeted his words, Clint muttered about the shooting range and practice, abandoning the rest of his breakfast.  Wanda and Vision stayed a while before leaving together hand in hand, Steve knew that they were both so wrapped up in each other that little seemed to affect them since Vision survived after the battle with Thanos.
The crisp white cotton shirt was tucked in but unbuttoned showing of the arc reactor and eagle brand.  The sleeves were turned up to reveal his wrist tattoos, the bonding mark on his neck was unmistakeable and with his shorn hair the brand behind his ear was on full view.
“Well, well, look at you, a pretty thing like you shouldn’t be on your own, just asking for trouble the way your dressed.  Slutty little girly boys need a big cock up their ass to make them scream and squirt.”
I understand Ms Potts will be visiting in a few days to establish her role within your family, I would suggest that the other Avengers do not make an appearance until conditioning is firmly in place and each has decided what level of involvement they want to have with and receive from this new version of Tony.”
“What the fuck! This is unbelievable how prophetic is this.  Steve come look, our little pup is a Shiba Inus, the closest  genetical match to a wolf in a dog breed.”
He knew that it was not only just because his Alpha had made it clear that this would be the case, it was also his growing realisation of his need to protect and nurture his pups.  The thought of not being there for them was unbearable, but giving up being Iron Man was his last link to freedom and there would be no going back.  Tears dripping down his face he ushered the bots towards the armour and stood silently as they cleaned and polished the suit until it gleamed.
Steve stared at himself in the mirror, his cock hard and leaking, the tip peeking out of the split in the fabric, his fingers were pinching and twisting his nipples as instructed, the camisole top laying discarded on the floor.  It had been three weeks, since he had woken to the familiar sound of the bell and had frozen in front of the mirror. The torment had started all over again, worryingly even though he did as he was told, there were no rewards and only silence, no spoken words.  It shouldn’t bother him, he understood this basic cabin was a punishment for running away, the bucket and water pump, only oatmeal to eat and the uncomfortable wooden cot.
Now how big do you want her breasts? Bearing in mind that this Juton milk feed will spread her weight gain all over her body. I can give the bitch two injections for rapid growth and stretch her teats another two inches keeping them hard and erect permanently. They will also be incredibly sensitive to the slightest touch, so milking and breastfeeding will keep her horny and wet.”
“Such a tiny amount of cum, only to be expected from such a little prick.  I don’t know why your Alphas want to keep it, perhaps I will cast an illusion spell, magic it away so they can see how pretty you are all smooth, just like a proper meg bitch.”
He had been very impressed by how knowledgeable and business savvy the Captain and Natasha were, it appeared their own Tony Stark had been seriously injured and died just before Tony had been thrust into their world.  He understood the deception from a business angle, Stark Industries was Tony Stark and the ruse that he was found to be a hidden omega and needed the cradle to heal, was a genius plan to stop anyone getting suspicious of the noticeable differences in behaviour and age.   That Tony turned out to be The Captain’s mate was fortuitous and he was happy from the videos, even those that had shown his original punishments for being found to be an omega that Tony had been in agreement of the ruse and genuinely wanted to be the captain’s bonded omega and  had participated enthusiastically in his training and subsequent breeding.
“Sorry bots, l am going to have to call it a day, why don’t you start tidying up for me whilst l wait for Steve to come collect me.”
For a supposed genius you are incredibly dumb, perhaps I should get you retested, l bet your Father bribed the Board of Education to say that you were a genius because he was too embarrassed to admit to the world that he had a dumb, useless, cock sucking omega for a son.
“Good afternoon Captain Rogers, I apologise for not being here to greet you but there was a small incident with your husband that needed my attention.  I would like to introduce to you Senior Nurse Anna Meyer who will be Tony’s main conditioning carer during his stay at our facility, Matron is highly qualified, has worked with me since the inception of my Conditioning Treatment Regime and the opening of Mountain Rise.”
Two mirror rings of Steve’s sat nestled in the black silk along with a plain heavy hoop with three smaller ones and a number of small bars and balls. A linked chain curled round the edge of the box.  Tony watched as Bucky placed the rings on his fingers feeling them tighten and bond to his skin, he wondered when Bucky had managed to find the time to have them made and spelled. Having secured his hand to the headboard Bucky picked out the third ring dangling it in from of Tony’s face.
“Steve, Tony, congratulations you are going to become parents to twins in about 26 weeks, probably a bit earlier as you are having twins.”
Bruce’s gaze was still held firmly by the image on the monitor’s screen, Hulk’s voice rumbling inside his head, “Hulk want pups to play with, Pet Tony needs fixing, make it happen puny Bruce or Hulk will not be happy!”
Bruce finished laying out Stephanie’s clothes, he always did so every morning whilst she showered and gave herself an enema, sitting in the bed he watched her through the clear glass of the bathroom wall, he allowed her no privacy.
His own hard cock was pressed up against the glass, trapped by the weight of Steve’s body, precum smearing the glass.  Bucky held still, submitting even though he wanted to push back and take his dick in hand.  Steve’s grunts became louder and his thrusts more erratic as he started to lose control.  Bucky screamed as teeth bit into his neck then his cock exploded.  Two more thrust and he felt his ass fill with cum as his Alpha climaxed, Alpha pheromones filled the air mingling together wrapping both Alphas in a cloak of lust and need.
“Fuck, look how big your hole is, so loose and sloppy just waiting to be filled. Dirty bitches like you love to flaunt their slut holes, hoping for some Alpha cock to stuff them full and breed them.  You want us to fuck you then you need to beg for it like the slutty whore you are.”
Tony  licked the last drop of Steve’s cum from his lips, already opening his mouth to swallow down his still hard cock again, his Alpha griping his hair as he guided his throbbing cock down into his throat.
Master Sira, please proceed and if you would explain what the purpose of each piercing symbolises, I would be most grateful.”
“Well hello young man, aren’t you a handsome little thing, now I am going to ask you some easy questions and them afterwards we can play together, and if you do well you will get a tasty popsicle treat.  Now let’s start, a simple yes or no will suffice.
You need to be one hundred percent committed to the new Omega and Pack Laws if you decide to accept our offer, we understand that you had some reservations to begin with, can you inform us whether they still stand or if you have adjusted your stance.”
“Hmmm, something smells good, perhaps your thighs were not the only thing rubbing against me, maybe some of those noises you were making were because your naughty pussy was enjoying itself.”
Quickly she shed her blazer and skirt, making a show of folding them neatly on the empty chair.  Her silk blouse followed, leaving her standing in the ivory lace bra and thong the dresser had informed her she needed to wear.  Closing her eyes she hooked her fingers in the sides of the thong pulling it down over her slender hips and thighs, let it fall to the floor before stepping away from the scrap of lace.
“What’s that little omega, do you want me to stop or do you want me to lathe your nips with my tongue until you are a writhing, moaning, mess?”
“Sweet heart, such a good boy for me, I want you to imagine how it will feel when we fully mate and I fill your omega hole with my huge alpha cock, how stretched and full you will be, and then my knot will have you screaming and begging for more as I pump you full of my cum and breed you.
He feels smaller and all over, vulnerable, needy, and desperate to be held and protected. He can barely concentrate on cataloging all the changes to his body, his mind is filled with the need to submit to his Alpha, to kneel and await his will.  He ignores the faint voice screaming in the back of his head that this is all wrong, to run away before it is too late.  Steve mouths  his healing mating bite and heat coils in his stomach as his Alpha pushes him down onto his knot, whispering ‘my perfect little Omega’ making his pupils turn to gold.
Tony switched off the news, he felt sorry for Darcy, she was nothing more than a breeding cow for the President, who obviously didn’t care at all about her.  That Betty Blue girl had suddenly started to accompany the President everywhere.  He did not feel sorry for the young foolish beta, she would learn the hard way that there was no way that she would every become First Lady or the President’s Consort.
Tony was shaking he was so scared that Steve would not listen to him, his cock hurt so much as Steve continued to press down on it with his boot.
The photo shoot had been just as horrible as he had predicted, he had been set upon by the dresser and makeup artist who had attended him for his presentation gala all those months ago, whilst the make-up was more understated the outfit they wanted him to wear left little to the imagination.  The thin diaphanous shift stretched tight across his breasts before flowing over his protruding stomach to skim across the tops of his thighs at the front, whilst falling to mid -thigh behind.
“My Omega what do you want you need to ask me properly you need to beg me prettily for what you need and then I will decide if you have been good enough to receive your reward.”
Winter smeared his cum over Tony’s thighs and cunt lips, pushing his coated fingers deep inside to massage the omega’s sweet spot, his cum being absorbed into the soft flesh.  |Once he was satisfied that enough cum had been absorbed, he did the same with the bitch’s asshole, smirking as the ring of muscles expanded to take four fingers with ease, curling his thumb into his palm he worked his hand deep inside.
Fuck! He had done it, Steve’s guilt had overridden his usual alpha logic, now all he needed to do was manipulate him in to sharing the little honey smelling omega bitch, which would be easy enough if he could keep Steve off kilter and fogged with Alpha bonding pheromones.
“Hmm, not what I was aiming for, I thought a pixie cut would work well with the Scold’s Bridle as it is close fitting to your scull, hair cutting is much more difficult with scissors.  I only ever used clippers on my younger brothers when we were kids, parents couldn’t afford to take us all to the barbers.”
Steve pulled Tony to his feet and led him to the full-length mirror, hands on his shoulders he forced him to look at himself and take in all the changes to his body.
Got to get you all warmed up for Wolf, because when he takes over there will be nothing but brutal fucking, knotting and biting.
Thor’s booming voice filled the silence; “Whilst I hold no love for the Man of Iron, I believe that I will stand guard over our fallen comrade and see him through to his final resting place.  The Fates have given us a new thread to weave with this Omega and I believe that our course will run smoother and the Avengers will prosper now that our structure is complete.”
The President watched as Darcy picked at the food in front of her, constantly tucking her hair behind her ears where it kept falling across her face, the mess of long blond curls irritated him especially as the silly bitch was so proud of the fact that she refused to conform to the norm of styled buns and business dress for work.  She had been allowed to get away with it because at the time of her employment the White House had been trying to express its inclusiveness of all genders and orientations, since it had been an election year.
“That’s it you fucking slut, look at you taking my fist like the dirty little whore you are! Nothing’s too big for your sloppy hole, come on you can take me deeper than that!”
This cow is never leaving this farm, it will be bred and milked until it is too old and then one of the workers will take it or more likely it will be confined to the crèche being who it was in its previous life.  To the world it will die in childbirth in a months’ time, soon forgotten in the media frenzy of seeing who the President’s new omega will be.”
Steve fucks his omega’s mouth feeling his orgasm barrelling towards completion, with a final thrust he holds his cock deep in his omega’s throat hot ropes of cum working down to join the cum already running through Tony’s system. Some of it leaks out the sides of his mouth dripping down onto his chest sliding across the arc reactor Tony shudders hating the feeling of anything touching it.  He feels his Alpha pull out but is totally unprepared for the final ropes of cum that covers his face and chest.
“Oh no little one, you don’t get any satisfaction unless l decide to allow it.  Your holes are for my use and pleasure, you don’t get to come unless l allow it.
“So, Natalia you survived the Red Room, the only remaining Black Widow.  How did you feel about having to work and live with an unbonded omega, even one who was a genius billionaire philanthropist playboy?”
“Alpha, please fuck this slutty omega whore, fill my needy cunt with your seed and breed me, please Alpha.”
The Elite Alphas gathered after the departure of the President, their omegas were left in a separate room under heavy guard whilst business was discussed.
“Tony! Get your butt back here, you have made the decision easy, naughty omegas don’t get to sunbathe.  Perhaps we have been a bit too lenient with our omega recently, hmmm?
Tony’s plugged hole was pulsing and clenching another streak of his slick leaking around the base and sliding down his thighs at each word.  He could not form words to answer so just whined and rutted against his Alpha’s body trying to convey that he was understood and wanted to be that Omega.
His worst fear was happening, they were taking him out in public and not just for a walk in the park where he could have stood a chance of not being noticed.  No they were parading him in front of the media and the rich and powerful who he once lauded over.
Yes, all is as it should be, would you care to look Alpha Rogers such a sight to see an omega’s fuck hole spread wide open and not just feel it with a cock.”
Steve was thankful that he had learnt Russian during the war, as Winter seemed to speak in a mixture of Russian and English.
The vet is on his way, he said to keep milking her as it will stimulate the contractions and leave the dildo in her ass hole going as it will massage her cunt walls and make them slide down faster.
“You know, l just wanted to kill you outright, wipe you of the face of my world.  But Bruce has taken an interest in you and has devoted a lot of time and effort into weakening you and manipulating you into being his bitch.  So l am going to fuck you to show you how a real ALPHA fucks and dominates his Omega, so that you know exactly what l am doing to Tony every day, and you can see how pathetic your attempts were to satisfy him.”
Bending his knees he planted is feet on the bottom of the bath and thrust up  hard in to Tony’s cunt enjoying his omega’s cry of shock at the abrupt entry. As his omega fell forward again hands landing on shoulders he latched on to the tit dangling in his face.  This time he sucked gently on the nipple and surrounding areola bringing the milk forward into his mouth, it tasted just as good as before sweet and warm.
Tony burrowed further under the blankets, he was warm and comfortable there was no way he was moving, Steve could go fuck himself if he expected him to move anytime soon.  The doctor could go shove his stethoscope up his own arse if he thought Tony was going to let him anywhere near him again.
He didn’t go full out all the time, but today was special, he missed Peter and wanted to show him how much fun it could be.  Happy had told him that Peter needed to be disciplined every day for his poor behaviour and it had gotten worse with his pregnancy.
“Prince Thor, I am going to replace these rings with a set made of Jotun ice marble, they are larger and heavier and will stretch her cunt lips.  I will also unhood her clitoris, if you want your whore dripping and throbbing constantly, I can pierce it as well.”
Tony squirmed and wriggled trying to get away from the heavy hand reigning smacks over his padded cheeks, his ass began to burn as each smack got harder, kicking his legs out and pulling at the bedclothes he tried to drag himself away.  Steve’s hand pressing him down on the bed ensured he could not move, the metal rail digging in to his stomach swiftly bought another problem to the fore.  Giving up the struggle to get away he set his mind to convincing his full bladder to hold tight for a few more minutes.
Widow watched BB’s eyes widen in fear, she could see the moment that it registered that she had no control over what happened to her, that the President could do anything he wanted and there was no one to stop him.
“Because my useless omega cock is soft and pathetic, the only way I can come is by being milked until my meagre trickle of cum drips from my stubby cock.”
Steve stood and circled Pepper, sniffing her neck, pleased that she tipped her head so that he could lick her pack bites. Her scent was slightly off, still not 100% Pack, she was fighting the bond and not attempting to hide her anger at Natasha for today.
Steve tucked himself away, admiring Tony’s wrecked hole, picking up the large black plug he easily slid it into his gaping hole, plugging in all his cum.  A few swift slaps on the base of the plug had the puffy ring of muscles contracting and locking around the flared base. He spread Tony’s thighs and got the string of vibrating omega balls into Tony’s pussy, admiring how wide Tony’s lips had to stretch to take the final one.
“Bucky what did I tell you about tormenting our omega whilst he is carrying, you know that he is off limits for your dark games, there are plenty of criminals and actual dirty whores for you to play with that won’t be missed.  You need to be careful who you chose, pick the wrong toy to play with or leave any evidence and even I will not be able to save you!”
“Good morning everyone, shall we get on with things straight away, I am sure you are going to have lots of questions Anthony, but I would appreciate it if you could wait until I have finished explaining everything.
I have been reading some research papers on Omega feeding that show that some deviant behaviour in omegas can be linked to the imbalance in their diet from being allowed to ingest normal food.”
Poor Tony, he is not going to get any respite from the high handed treatment of his Alphas and now Bruce is getting in on the act.
Pepper looked a mess, her hair falling from its bun, her face smeared with glistening cunt juice, makeup smudged and streaked. Her nipples erect and chest heaving as she gasped for breath.  Steve reaches down and pulled her to her feet, reeling her in so she was flush against his chest.  He ground his cock agains her ass as he yanked on her dress, the thin material sliding down her body.
Suddenly the plug filling her mouth dropped free, humiliatingly she couldn’t stop moaning and whining, and then to her horror she was begging to come, the unending burn and razor edge of orgasm, turning into a babbling, begging mess.
We were lucky that it was only months, the plants and alternate universes aligned in our favour, there is no telling how many years we might have to wait again and that is not including how much energy needs to be created to open and sustain a Portal.  The science is too new to be able to recreate the same set of circumstances again.”
The binding rings will provide an effective visual warning and constant reminder to your boy of what could happen if he displeases you.
Steve thought about it for a few minutes as he watched his poor omega tremble and stare with horror filled eyes at the doctor who was now measuring Tony’s limp cock.
Loki let the small amount of magic he retained flow over his skin, the runes covering his body flaring white, standing out against his blue skin as his Jotun form came to the fore, shifting his body so his increased size and weight would not crush the omega’s thighs he allowed his cock to lengthen and thicken to its full jotun size.
Steve continued to swipe up cum and feed it to his omega tugging on the enclosed metal cock enjoying the whines and gasps and jerks of his omega’s hips as he chased an orgasm that was never going to happen.
“Hello Bruce, how long before he wakes up?  I want to get him back in training as son as possible.  Jarvis has finished recalibration for the equipment in my private playroom and the new breeding bench has been assembled in the communal lounge and the sling can be moved on a track from the lounge to the kitchen and the communal playroom.”
“Settle down baby boy, just relax and enjoying the feeling of my knot filling your boy cunt.  You are perfectly safe, your tight little hole cradling my knot is all the support you need.”
“ Sweetheart don’t huff and scowl, it’s not as if Happy doesn’t know of your incontinence and that we usually age play 24/7.”
Steve carried Tony into their bedroom and lay him out on the bed, pushing the skirt of the dress up so he could stroke Tony’s tiny cock and balls.
Stunned she watched as what could only be the Hulk smashed his fists into the Professor’s face as he pinned him to the ground. Mesmerised she watched as the Professor’s body rippled his skin and muscles expanding as his body fully transformed.  He was considerably larger, and she could see the intelligence and cunning shining from his eyes, whereas the other one was all brute strength and rage.
Stark Industries funded the project and had final say in who would have access to its healing abilities, the Cradle cost one billion to develop and build, it is not a feasible option for everyday medical usage.
Now l am going to knot your mouth, just because l love watching the fear in your eyes as you choke on my knot.  Then l think it will be time to replace your piercings and maybe add a few more.”
They just about make it through the door before his is roughly thrown onto the bed and stripped out of his clothes, he watches as Steve’s eyes roam all over his body and feels himself blushing as long fingers tweak his nipples and knead the soft rolls of his stomach, he really needs to go on a diet with all the food Steve keeps feeding him.
Steve motioned Tony to slip on his sandals, after placing a blue cloak with a loose hood on him Steve clipped his omega’s leash to his collar and let him down to the waiting limo.  The rest of the Avengers were already seated, Steve motioned Tony to kneel by his feet pulling the leash tight so his omega was forced forward between his spread thighs with his face pressed against his crotch.
Notably the rest of the Avengers were all present even the reclusive Dr Banner, to the bride’s left stood two men, obviously related, assumed to be the bride’s father and half-brother.
He watched approvingly as Mr Potts first tanned her backside before clamping her swollen nipples and then ordering his wife to eat her daughter out until she had come three times.
“Darcy be a good bitch and bring me over the folder that is on my desk, Prime Minister lets get the legalities out the way before we put your uppity omega in her true place.”
“Good bitch!  Take my cock in your sloppy dirty hole, going to fuck your cunt next, breed you up so that you are tied to my knot. Who knows, perhaps plant a pup or two, rare but possible with my super serum enhanced sperm.”
Asgard for disposal, well that’s what he told Dr Strange.  But such an Alpha did not deserve what you did to him.  Asgard values it’s Berserker warriors.  His soul was awakened and placed in his cloned body. He was utterly devastated and then enraged when he found out that you had chosen that impostor Winter, over your true friend.
“Omega go service your pack, put those cock sucking lips to good use, then lay over the spanking bench so that they can all take their turn disciplining you, this will happen every day until you have caught up with all your missed  Omega Council authorised punishment sessions.”
“Steve you need to stay here with Stark, I will make my way back and if the SUV has not been discovered I might be able to convince them that I was a victim.  If not, then I will have to infiltrate the Compound and get into the AI’s systems to find any traces of what has happened to Tony.  I am going to have another go at getting into Dr Banner’s lab, I am sure that he is hiding something, and if I have a chance I will investigate his Clinic, maybe they have Tony hidden there.”
He knew it was going to be difficult and that his overriding Alpha need to protect his Omega was going to have to be suppressed to some extent during battle for the Avengers to function as a team and for Iron Man to do his job properly. The process of separating his Omega and Iron Man in the field would not be an easy one.
Clint snorted, “I wouldn’t let Tony hear you call him that, still got the bruise on my shin from the first and last time I ever called him that.”
Tony laughed and nodded yes gathering his girls and slimy seaweed in his arms, hugging them close not caring he as getting soaked.  He would do anything to see their beaming smiles and ensure their happiness, his girls were his world and nothing else mattered but them.
Steve just smirked and traced patterns in the cooling mess, reaching into his pocket he pulled out a small plug.  Pushing up her knees he pressed the plug into her cunt” getting it good and wet before pulling it out and shoving it in her tight asshole.
His greedy little alphas crawled over and latched on for a few minutes of milk and cuddles.  They seemed to sense that their omega mamma didn’t have as much milk as their milk cow and soon crawled over to May to finish feeding.  The girls were happy to listen to him read as the omega boys suckled, little Maria toddling off to fetch clean diapers and muslins so he could change them.  He could tell already that she would be the caretaker of the omega babies, no doubt at some stage her Alpha siblings would challenge each other for leadership of their little nursery pack.
“Mmmmmmmm, just gonna keep slow fucking you into the mattress all morning, your cunt is so tight considering how many dicks have being up it, another reason l know now you are not Tony, even forced into a bond he would never allow himself to be used and he certainly would not agree to having himself emasculated just to please his Alpha.
Tony waited for Steve to let him up so he could go pee and get rid of the horrid diaper with its sticky cum soaked front.
No one moved to  help the omega, just watched as he struggled to pull the pup up onto his chest and get it to latch on to his nipple, whilst the pup nursed they watched fascinated as he tied two small thin red cotton braids an inch apart on the umbilical cord before cutting the cord with a small knife.
Once the ten minutes had passed, he gathered up his sniffling little and laid him over the back of the sofa.
Lost in his rage he bit and fucked his ungrateful omega, his nails raking gouges into his soft belly and thighs. He was  aware of the blood smearing the glass, of his omega’s screams turning into broken mewls and pitiful whimpers, but his rage pushed him on to tie him again with his knot, to fill his already swollen belly with more cum.
Tony screamed as Steve pounded into him, he could believe that he had been caught so unaware.  By the time he could breathe again Steve was balls deep in him thrusting hard, his hands gripping his hips holding him in place, his breasts slapping against the wooden rail.
Now it is the years from 12 to 14 that are of interest to us.  Howard made no show of hiding his disappointment that Tony presented as base line, although he was overheard on several occasions say at least he wasn’t a useless omega.  Howard decided that Tony should be home schooled after that as it was a waste of money sending him to any more Pack Boarding Schools.
“Sweet dreams little one, when you wake Daddy is going to knot your pretty little hole and have sit on his knot whilst he feeds you breakfast and if you behave Daddy will let you drink his special milk.”
Both Alphas cleaned and tidied themselves up, leaving their omega strapped to the examination table.  Steve had tilted the table further so Tony’s ass was raised higher to stop any cum from leaking out, now they were admiring the view of his loose holes gaping wide as if they were hungry mouths searching for food.
After a leisurely shower and shave Steve dried himself off before moving back in to the the master bedroom.  His omega’s body was a sight to behold, soft pale skin flushed with arousal, legs covered in slick, muscles twitching with the strain of standing still. Walking silently behind his unsuspecting omega he pressed the length of his body against his back forcing him to bend forward until his face was pressed against the mattress plump backside jutting out at the perfect angle to slide his cock along his crack.
Tony continued to moo through his orgasm, the shock of all three Alphas coating him in thick ribbons of cum, through the dildos in his cunt and asshole shrinking to allow his juices to flow in a stream from his stretched cunt lips and gaping hole down in to the pail of breast milk.
The Avengers attend the meeting with the President, after which BB and Darcy find themselves in Medical under the care of Dr Banner.  Needless to say they suffer a few unwanted body modifications.
“Mr President, your breeder definitely needs fattening up and her breasts need to be substantially larger to feed two pups.
“Tony you cannot say a word, think you are going to need to be muzzled for a while, just until Petey has birthed Pepper’s pups.
When his conditioning had been broken and Jarvis had removed the control words he had readily agreed to his new mission to bond with and keep the small omega safe and under strict control.  Unfortunately for Jarvis he had no real experience in Alpha/Omega bonding only what he had observed with Tony and Rogers. He had studied the history of bonding, omega rights and the lowered birth rate due to this, his conclusion had been that his creator needed to be bonded and that omegas needed to be once again subject to Alpha laws.  Poor Tony Winter thought, he had created an AI that had developed in to and Alpha.
Winter could only agree, he couldn’t wait to get Jarvis to fabricate the new toys he had designed just for their petite omega.  They were going to have so much fun testing them on Tony.
“Now that won’t do at all, little boys should be seen and not heard.  Daddy Steve is going to be very upset with you, he has already told me to give you ten smacks as the first part of your punishment for bad behaviour.  With this temper tantrum you have just earned another ten swats, Daddy Steve will be dealing with the rest of your punishment this evening.”
Howard’s research files and Tony’s medical notes told a completely different story to the public one of Tony presenting as an omega as a teenager.  Tony had in fact presented as an omega at the incredibly early age of six years, Howard had been angry and disappointed that his only child turned out to be an omega, however he channelled his anger and energy into developing a serum that would make his omega son only be able to fully bond with the Alpha he had chosen specifically for him, namely Steve Rogers, Howard had never believed that Steve was dead and had spent the intervene years searching for him and still having a vial of his super soldier enhanced blood had injected his son with the results of his experiments.
“Look at you little cocklet all soft and pink, really just a large clit now and once your balls are gone you will just dry orgasm like the little bitch you really are.”
Odin unlocked the cage, taking both Loki’s cock and clit in hand, he tugged and squeezed the two appendages until Loki was screaming and begging for him to stop. His knot having reduced he began to thrust deep and hard whilst continuing to torture the screaming omega’s genitals.
Later as he hangs off Daddy’s knot whilst he chats and laughs with the other Avengers, he can’t help but mewl with pleasure as his baby cock squirts another few drops of cum when Daddy’s fingers gently stroke it.
“That’s it, little omega, squeal and beg for my cock to slide in to your slutty hole, such a greedy bitch for any kind of cock, insatiable creature that you are.”
He gave him a full enema, then hosed and scrubbed off what he could of the bastard’s scent, paying special attention to the omega’s bonding glands. Finally he strapped him down onto the breeding stand that had sat unused for the past two years.
I have a few questions with regards to your omega Tony Stark-Rogers, the public are exited and thrilled that you have bonded.  There are many curious to know how you managed to tame him.”
Steve was fuming, how dare she speak on that tone to them, perhaps Happy was not strong enough to keep her under control.
It was strange to see Happy slide into the bench seat across from them, after all the years of him driving and even his suit was of a much higher quality than the ones he normally wore when he was his chauffer.  What shocked him the most was who was on the end of the leash in his hand, and the extreme contrast to the elegant figure Natasha cut.
Stumbling over to the hidden wall panel he was thankful he had gone for the old-fashioned switch movement to open the secret door, the shelving unit was littered with actual award plaques and trophies and hiding amongst them the fake trophy powered by its own independent power source that when pressed opened the wall panel to the escape passageways.
His media campaign had been incredibly successful, Tony was seen as both cute and sexy, but a little dim,  Steve had been posting clips of Tony when he was half awake, walking into things, asking Steve how to turn the shower on or to find his special mug when he was actually holding it, playing tag with his bots and getting all the answers wrong on Family Trivial Pursuit and lots of other clips that showed him as clueless and a bit of an airhead.
Pepper didn’t like the disruption to her routine and had threatened to send Peter to an Omega Training Facility if he did not settle and obey.
“Ste…Da……..No stop that it hurts, don’t wanna pee like a baby in a diaper, not a b..baby!  lemme out of here now!”
It’s a shame you have to give a presentation at this meeting or I would fill that pouty mouth of yours with this lovely new cock shaped ball gag sized to my cock. All those old farts on the board would watch you struggle to breathe, wishing it was their cocks shoved down your throat fucking your face making you chock on their cum.”
“Tony, such a foul mouth, that is not what I expect from my baby boy, I see that the soap bar is going to have to make and appearance again.  Big or Little I expect you to be polite and respectful and do as you are told.
Tony whined as he was placed in his crate, he knew that it meant a trip to the vets and never boded well for him.
The day of the photoshoot, Steve set the tone by fucking and knotting Tony until he could barely walk, he made sure that the omega’s mating bite was red and swollen. He insisted that Tony not breastfeed Sarah until after the shoot, leaving her with the night nurse and expressed milk. This meant his breasts were plump and round and his nipples erect.
Once his knot had deflated he pushed Tony on to his front ass up in the air face mashed into the pillows not caring that his omega’s legs were shaking with fatigue.
Steve led his omega to the fucking bench situated in the middle of the sunken floor, helping him straddle to bench he guided him down on to the two huge dildos, enjoying Tony’s whine as his holes were filled and the dildos began to vibrate.  Steve made quick work of strapping his omega’s ankles and knees then pulling his arms behind his back securing his wrists in the leather cuffs attached to the rear of the bench.  Steve clipped a thin chain to Tony’s piercing stretching the small cock before attaching the other end to a small ring at the front for the bench, finally he pushed a 2 inch ball gag in Tony’s mouth, fingers stroking the stretched lips.
I am very impressed with how you have been able to emotionally manipulate him in to thinking he has a choice in receiving this therapy, I do not believe he has full considered what your Conservatorship over him entails. Having had him sign the consent forms and the addendum agreement to any other treatments or surgeries can be used to keep him under control if he becomes to recaIcitrant in his behaviour.
Jesus! That’s just what he needed another super soldier Alpha to fuck up his life even more and this one seemed to have an even lower opinion of omegas than Steve and even more antiquated ideas of how omegas should be treated. Hopefully his Alpha would come home, beat the shit out of Barnes, kick him out the door never to be seen again.
“Such a needy omega always wanting to be fucked and plugged full of cum, now what is it you want me to do with my cock?  I didn’t quite catch what you were begging me for.”
“Jarvis blow the Compound, then start shutting down the Tower.  Ensure that everything Stark Industries related is wiped off all servers and then set the virus to run the moment the Portal closes.  The Iron Man suits have already been disposed of and the War Machine Armour will self-destruct at the same time the Compound is destroyed.
Bucky sneered at the fear in Stevie’s eyes as he forced the full length of  his cock down  Stevie’s throat, he smiled as Stevie gagged  on his length, legs drumming on the mattress behind him. He pinched his mate’s nostrils, cutting off all his air supply.
“Now little man if that is what you want then I can make it happen, but first you need to play a little game with Uncle Edward.  Let’s get that playsuit off so I can see your soft little belly."
“Go ahead and do it now, it’s starting to whither and stiffen as it has been locked in the same position for weeks, it’s not as though we will ever risk him having use of it.”
Steve I love you, we can work this out by ourselves, please don’t destroy our marriage by taking away my right to make my own decisions.  Once I am home we can just pretend none of this ever happened.
“That’s it my meg bitch, your nothing but a cum dump for your Alpha’s seed, a hole to be filled. But you have earned a reward and as l am a man of honour your tiny omega cock will be freed for the next few minutes.”
Steve and Happy watched as Pepper was fucked in her ass by two huge cocks at the same time, then forced to swallow bucket loads of cum, that made her stomach even larger. Her tits were slapped until they were completely cross crossed with red handprints.  Then one cowboy fucked her cunt whilst the other ripped off the clamps on her nipples and proceeded to bite and suckle on her teats, spraying her face with mouthfuls of her own milk.
He wove his way through the winding halls of the Cathedral until he found Brother Peter at his desk, tongue between his teeth as he painstakingly practiced his calligraphy.  “Is Cardinal Stark available?” Steve asked. “Or does he have…guests?”
Steve nodded, then realized Tony probably couldn’t see him. “Very well.” Discipline was the difference between a knight and a mere fighter, he told himself, and if nothing else, he was still a knight. He heard a rustling, then felt Tony sit down beside him, close enough that their shoulders brushed. Steve swallowed thickly at the contact; between yesterday and today he felt like a raw nerve, exposed and sensitive. Any equanimity he'd found in the monastery had been shattered by this journey, and he felt as lost and wrong-footed as he had when Bucky had first shaken him awake in the small hours of the morning.
“This man is a local ironworker,” she explained when the serving maid left, leaning back in her chair and balancing it on the two back legs. “I found him because he’d been bragging about doing work for the Vicomte but after he was scheduled to do the work, he suddenly didn’t want to talk about it.”
Bucky moved out of the way as Steve sat down on the bed and took Tony in his arms. Steve made a wounded noise and looked stricken at how much weight Tony had lost, how his head lolled limply on his neck. It was hard to see a man as vibrant and active as Tony be brought so low, and Steve couldn’t resist the need to press a kiss to Tony’s fevered forehead. “Like this?” Steve said as he propped Tony up so he was reclining against Steve’s chest, head resting against his shoulder.
“Well,” Bucky said into the thoughtful silence, holding up his bandaged hands and his face softening into a rueful smile, “I’ve had a lot of time alone to think recently.”
Tony didn’t react to that bald faced lie. He rubbed his hand over his mouth as if he were contemplating Stane’s offer. “And if I refuse?”
“And I’m here, aren’t I? I even have all of the letters of introductions your Grand Master requested.”  Steve heard papers being shuffled and tapped crisply on the desk and turned around. Despite his state of dishabille, now Stark was all business.  “He also asked for some investment advice, which I wrote up for him but would be more than happy to review for you in case he has any questions.”
Tony stared at the bowl for a moment before taking it. “I hope Barnes is ready to be moved today. We need to get someplace safer.”
Stane shook his head sadly, unmoved by Tony's fury. “Howard’s death was sudden and tragic. Given your history and…proclivities, I don’t think anyone would be surprised if you drank yourself to an early death.”
“From your lips to God’s ears,” Stark said teasingly, brown eyes twinkling with such good humor that Steve huffed out a laugh as well.
“Do you still-” Tony started at the same time that Steve said, “You said that-” and they both stopped with a huff of laughter. “You first,” Tony said.
“Tony’s home, Chateau d’Angers. You’re safe.” Steve reached for the water on the table and helped Bucky sit up enough to drink it.
True to Stark’s word, two days later they were climbing onto a wagon filled with barrels of mead and a single chest for their personal items; as Steve eyed it, he knew his own meager belongings would barely line the bottom, and he wondered what in God’s name Stark could have brought to make the chest so heavy. To Steve’s surprise, Tony brought his sword and shield, though the Templar cross had been painted over with the mark of the King’s guard. He found the weapons tucked away under the driver’s seat, hidden in the same kind of compartment that had smuggled Steve out of Paris. With them was another half-sword and short dagger; when Steve had asked about them, Stark had quirked an eyebrow and said, “I wasn’t always in the Church, Rodgers.” Steve spent the first few miles of their trip trying to imagine Stark training with weapons and eventually gave up; even now that he was away from his fancy clothes and opulent quarters, Stark’s hands seemed too elegant for weapons, not like Steve’s own scarred and calloused fingers and palms. His eyes were drawn to Stark’s hands on the reins, gentle and confident, and went queasy at the thought of them covered in blood.
