_______________________
Sherlock sighed and retreated, but only enough to kick off his shoes and shimmy pants and trousers to the floor.
“Sherlock,” John started wearily. “Look, we’ve talked about this. I want to be here for you, and I am as often as I can be. But Em’s only three, and I’m all she has.”
“Remember I said that Mrs. Gamble identified the signature on the estate agent’s letter as Heatherton’s?”
“We were lucky,” Sherlock said softly. He held John’s hand tightly and rubbed over the knuckles.
“I’m amazed Drew can sleep through this racket. Em would never have made it—it’s why I left her home with My.”
Hastings nodded once more and turned to leave. “Watson?”
“I wish I could tell you. We simply don’t have the equipment here to be sure.”
“My friends and me, we’ve read all your cases. Dr. Watson is…can you believe what he did?”
John placed his hand where the driver indicated then took the small parcel from her.
“It’s John, please. May I call you Sherlock?”
“Is that a ‘Yes’?”
By now the scuffle had drawn restaurant staff in addition to the already gawping customers at nearby tables. “Sir, I’m afraid we cannot allow this kind of territorial behaviour in our establishment,” the young woman—clearly the manager—said sternly. “I’ve been on to the police and I’m going to have to ask you to leave immediately.”
“They’ll take care of me. It’s all right.”
“Yes, sir.” Sherlock watched the belt as he approached. This particular development was unforeseen and yet…not entirely unwelcome.
When they returned, hands washed and hair brushed, Sherlock had cleared away the lunch dishes and retrieved the boys’ cases. And by the time Mycroft arrived only thirty minutes on, John had made his calls. Kit had been treated to a lively reading of
“Lucky for us both,” John amended. “So your parents—I’m meeting them today, is it?”
John followed the passage of Sherlock’s tongue, his own lips slightly parted. “Oh.”
Mycroft was so very clever, and yet in matters of human interaction there was so much he didn’t understand.
Sherlock glanced down at the bundle of brown paper next to his arm. “I can’t tell you that, I’m afraid. Official secrets. And the less you know, the better off you are. The men following me were hired by a rogue Argentine general.”
The pink tinge deepened, but Sherlock merely bit his lip.
“But then,” Francine continued with a broad grin. “I don’t imagine you’d have got far without Dr. Watson.”
“Here we are,” Angelo said, pulling out one of the chairs at the small table. It was tucked into a nook, which would leave them just out of sight of most of the busy restaurant. The table was covered with a scarlet runner and had a small vase with two calla lilies. “Will you be needing a candle this evening?” Angelo asked cheekily.
“I can’t think of a single thing to say.”
“And food and sleep,” John pointed out gently. “Sherlock, look, it’s—”
Nothing would change how Mary had made him feel in the dark months after he thought he’d lost Sherlock, but the sting of her betrayal was in all the things he didn’t know. Which parts of “Mary Morstan” were real and which were simply part of the identity she’d assumed? He could accept that he’d sensed at least a little of the danger in her, and no doubt that was partly what had drawn him in. But how could he have missed the coldness that would drive her to kill his best friend in a misguided attempt to keep him from leaving her?
.” John started walking again, moving toward the hospital.
“Thanks, love,” John said amiably. “I’ll have a Fanta. Greg?”
“Fine.” John nodded and set his jaw. “Good. Whatever. In the meantime, I need to get back.”
“Sherlock!” John cried. “Is he here? Where is he?”
“Yes, I understand,” John continued, his tone even. “But what I need to understand is why. Outside of your rut, do you ever feel sexual desire?”
But what about…
Sherlock’s arm tightened around John’s shoulders. “I will take excellent care of him. You have my word.”
“I love you, too, Sherlock.”
“Oh, fuck…oh, god, yeah. Are you close, sweetheart?”
Ellen? Polly? Jeanie? It didn’t matter. She was just another of John’s girlfriends. Brunette. Tall. Boring.
Sherlock waited until they were out of earshot before sitting down beside John.
“But come on—we get to be on telly!”
“For Queen and country. He’d have shot him for me, of course, but by then we knew all about you and could have taken you out of the equation. You and the baby.”
“How long?”
It seemed to John that a light had been turned on behind Sherlock’s eyes. He beamed down at John with a completely unguarded expression.
“As long as you don't mind.”
Sherlock stumbled up onto the mattress, crawling in behind John and straddling John’s legs with his own. He hesitated there until John took each of his hands. John pulled Sherlock’s arms around his torso and drew him in until they were pressed together as they had been on the floor — not a hint of daylight between them.
And yet…
that. I know it was stupid to pursue the connection to Mary’s past the way I did. I know that I opened the door—”
“Daddy?” Kit piped up. He’d scrambled to his feet and was moving in John’s direction.
“My heat starts next week,” John said softly. “Wednesday. You can play with my sloppy cunt all you like then, too. As long as you let me keep my hips elevated.”
“Well, maybe once we’ve had our tea—and a slice or two of toast—we can retire to the bedroom and you can do your best to keep me convinced.”
In the end, he could hardly fault Sherlock for protecting their family, and John was as anxious as anyone else for the end of Moriarty’s games. And, frankly, he loved Sherlock too much to even consider anything other than reconciliation.They had all suffered, but they would all heal.
Janine stepped closer to Sherlock and stroked a hand over his jaw. “I’ll tell you anything you want to know, sexy, but I’m not going to go down today.”
“Caring. Getting involved. It comes at a very high price.”
Sherlock peered out through a gap in the door. “Probably. Hurry. And make sure you retrieve the
Mycroft rolled his eyes in anticipation of the phone call he was now going to have to make.
At length, the bed creaked as John leaned in behind him. Sherlock bit his lip as John’s crotch connected with his bared arse. John pressed into the contact with a slight roll of his hips then grabbed both of Sherlock’s arms and bent them behind his back. Holding them together, he bound them with the last set of handcuffs Sherlock had boosted from Lestrade.
“No,” John snapped. “We’re trying to give his spine — ”
"Not much we can do about that." John sat and crossed his legs. He smiled at Sherlock as he stirred his own tea.
He crawled up and over Sherlock’s body, pleased that the man had not moved a muscle in his absence.
John fled the room. He didn’t stop running until he’d reached his quarters, only then remembering that he would have to go back to the ward to send a nurse in for Sherlock’s dressing change. His hands were shaking as he leaned over the basin beside his makeshift bunk and splashed cool water on his face. He stood, face dripping, and regarded himself in the small mirror he’d propped against the wall.
“Six months, my brother estimates. He’s never wrong.”
“Until this moment, I have had very little to live for, actually,” John corrected. He squeezed the fingers wrapped around his hand. “You have no idea how empty I have been, Sherlock. It’s not just the nightmares and the loneliness — my injuries mean I shall never practice again. Not really. What am I going to do? A surgeon whose hands shake? A soldier with a limp? What else am I fit for?”
John felt the lump forming in his throat once more. “It’s just—I don’t think I can do this. Not without Sherlock. I never wanted to have kids, not really. I knew I’d be rubbish at it, and I am! My son is ill and miserably unhappy. God, he must hate me…”
______________________________
“She needs a nap now, and then…” John hesitated. “You’ll play with her?”
John began to stroke gently over Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms. “Would that be okay?”
“If you were to be ‘overly fond’ again in the future,” Sherlock said softly. “I-I wouldn’t…object…to a similar…”
“I guess we’d better feed you before we go then, hadn’t we? And Papa can go and get dressed.”
“Sherlock,” John said gently. “Do you masturbate?”
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically and dropped his knees out to the side, opening himself wider for John.
John shrugged, popping the last of his toast in his mouth. “Maybe someday,” he said finally. “I don’t know. What about you?”
“And good luck!” Francine called after them.
He led John down the hall to their room and pushed the door wide.
“A few minutes,” John replied, still tracing his fingers over Sherlock’s face. “Not long.”
The ride home in the cab was tense and silent. Sherlock knew better than to start a conversation when John’s mouth was set in taut line. When they pulled up in front of the flat, John jumped out and left Sherlock to pay. By the time Sherlock reached the front door, John was already up in the flat.
“Evidence?”
The touch of John’s lips against his own was firm, but gentle. Sherlock relaxed into the kiss, happy to allow John to lead. John pulled him in close until their bodies were touching, his strong hand tightening at Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock melted into the insistent softness of John’s kiss.
John nodded. The strange broadcast earlier that day, as they’d watched Sherlock’s plane leave the ground, had changed everything. Now Sherlock had a reason to stay, and they would once again have to track and catch James Moriarty...or whomever Mary was really working for.
Sherlock leaned in, resting his elbows on the narrow table between them and steepling his fingers. “How did I know…what? That you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan? That you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him? Possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. Or that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic? Quite correctly, I’m afraid.”
The door snapped open and their fertility specialist, another old friend of John’s from Bart’s, breezed into the room.
“Oh, god. Oh, Sherlock. Oh, love, I’m going to…come…going to---FUCK!!!!!!”
Greg smiled down at the boy before looking back at Mycroft. “Yeah. Yeah, I am.
“Bossy,” John grumbled. He opened his eyes and immediately squinted against the bright daylight. “Times’it?”
wounded.”
“Yes,” Sherlock squeaked. “Please.”
"Mmmmm," John hummed, pressing a kiss into the top of Sherlock's head. "Never would have believed how much I enjoy that."
Holmes brow creased as John’s hand skimmed over the side pocket at the front of his case, but it cleared quickly. John caught the change, though. He moved away from the area and continued his search elsewhere.
“But…”
He bent his head and sucked the flat nipple into his mouth. It was gratifying that some of his carnal knowledge, earned with the fairer sex, would still be of use. He was bound to be out of his depth in some areas. This, though, he understood. He teased and flicked at the warm peak with his tongue, and then drew on it firmly. He used his other hand to tweak the other nipple, causing Sherlock to squeak.
“Give me the baby,” Sherlock sighed.
John clenched his fists. “Fine.”
For five long minutes, John packed while Sherlock stood and watched in stony silence. Which hurt almost more than all of the horrible things they’d said and the ugly, unspoken truths that had finally been aired. John collected the bag and took one last look at his husband.
Sherlock crouched beside her. “What are we looking at?”
“Something important?”
“It isn’t all that serious, so they tell me. However they needed him unconscious to get at the debris from the explosion and do some stitching. It isn’t terribly deep—no risk of any brain damage—but enough for significant blood loss.”
Sherlock’s mouth watered at the praise, ridiculous thought it might be.
There were small children giggling and shouting, playing a game of Sherlock’s devising—which did worry John just a little bit. But as no one was crying as yet, he was content to sip his decaf tea in the kitchen with Greg.
John wandered over to the sofa, Kit at his side, and settled himself into the soft cushions. Kit climbed up beside him and turned to try and hand John the nursing pillow. John chuckled as Kit struggled with the heavy cushion. He reached over the boy and helped tug the velveteen-covered nursing aid into place in his lap. He rested Drew down on the surface as he undid the buttons on his nursing shirt, leaning in close to kiss the tip of the tiny nose. Drew gurgled happily and Kit giggled.
“Cap—John?”
He was staring at his feet when the well-polished oxfords suddenly appeared beside them. A long-fingered hand—fine-boned and elegant like his own—landed on his shoulder. It was a little awkward, as it was indicative of the kind of familial sentiment neither of them had engaged in since they were children. Still, the intention was understood.
“I was just…making an effort” Sherlock deflected with a wave of his hand. “You’ve always said I should.”
___________________
“There was someone back home, but…you didn’t feel it was right to ask her to wait for you.”
Sherlock smiled and pressed his cheek against the side of John’s head. “Perhaps we should lie down?”
John nodded at his landlady, who was peering out from the door to her own main-floor flat. “Afternoon, Mrs. H.”
Sherlock’s mouth instantly desiccated. He couldn’t seem to form words around his thick tongue. He stared at John and tried to keep his hand still on John’s leg. He wanted nothing more than to smooth up and over the contours of John’s thigh and press into the promising heat at its apex.
“Oh, god, oh, god. Please...” Sherlock groaned, flopping helplessly against John’s back as they made their way to Sherlock’s bedroom.
The door swung wide and was slammed closed once more in a flurry of dark wool coat as Sherlock burst into the room.
“Yeah, it’s a difficult thing,” John confessed. “I’m glad I have the options I do.”
“You wanted me to want you.”
“As?” John pestered, chuckling as he pressed a kiss into Sherlock's temple.
“Shit. Shit, shit, shit.” He threw the bag across the bed.
John turned to his soup in silence, pondering his next move. He took his time, labouring over every spoonful to drag the time out as much as he could. By the time Mary had cleared the first course and begun bringing the second, nearly a half hour later, he had decided to opt for a different tack.
anything. Nothing is going on. There is nothing in the coffee! I am…making an effort.” Sherlock waved a hand in the air. “Had I known it would be met with such scepticism, I wouldn’t have bothered.”
“Yes, yes, yes…Sherlock. So good. More right….oh, god, there,” he rasped, trying to keep his voice down.
Janine led the way, with Michael, John and Sherlock falling into step in her wake. The camera, too, was not far behind.
“No, no. GOD no. I am not resurrecting that argument. Rosie was free to apply anywhere she liked. Her grades were great—perhaps not as great as yours would have been—but she also had her volunteer work and sport going for her. I knew it was likely she would get in somewhere like that. I just—she’s not like us, Sherlock. She’s…ordinary.”
He shattered, moaning helplessly—never taking his eyes from John’s.
. But Mary would be gone for two more days. She would never suspect.
“That’s
John reached for his mouse and started clicking through Mr. Huang's chart in the patient information system. "I'll print off the referral for you and have the front desk make the appointment. They'll ring you with the date and time."
, and the fact that you tend to talk in your sleep, I thought it would be best if we limited your visitors to just me and Margaret. The fewer people to overhear, the better, I suppose.”
That John didn’t seem to realize how firmly he held Sherlock’s heart in his hands, well, that was simply the way it was. Sherlock thought John probably suspected by now, but Sherlock was convinced that even if John
"Nah," Jeanette sighed. "You were a crap boyfriend, but far from the worst I've had."
“That's it, sweetheart. You are so beautiful. Look how you fit in my hand. So beautiful. Come on, let go. Come for me, my little Krakatoa.”
“Wazzat?” John asked, starting to feel a little fuzzy around the edges. He pointed at the boxes with a shaking hand.
John entered the shrine to find Sherlock waiting for him.
“I’m investigating our recent lack of hot water,” Sherlock replied dryly. “And exactly what are you up to, Dr. Watson-Holmes?”
“He’s just being cautious. Mine said the same thing to me, first time.”
“Not at all,” Sherlock replied with a gentle smile. “He texted you, which he never does. Means he approves of you.”
“Your brother would know.”
If John had to guess, he’d have said Sherlock was nervous waiting for his reaction. He smiled to himself. “That…was amazing.”
“Who?”
“Oh, right,” John said cheerfully, smiling at the boy.
Ames shrugged. “Okay, well, let me know if you need me to countersign the report.”
But he'd never really considered how wonderful—how
John reached down and gently smoothed over the shaggy curls. “Shhhhhh,” he soothed. “You’re home now.” A tiny sob escaped and John hiccoughed over it. “You came back to me. Oh, christ, I thought I’d lost you…”
"Don't we?" Sherlock asked.
John stared at the floor. “I’ll stay behind.”
“YES!”
Sherlock released a ragged breath, attempting to lick his lips.
Breath caught in Sherlock’s chest. “W-what?”
John sat passively on the edge of the bed, smiling up at him with incredible tenderness. He reached up to rub a thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone. “My god,” he muttered wonderingly. “How did I ever get this lucky?”
Sherlock’s hips moved in gentle time with John’s hand and mouth, but he refrained from pulling or pushing too strenuously. John closed his own eyes and sank into the feel of Sherlock from within and without.
“Definitely.”
She looked down at her bump. “Right. And when it’s all over?”
“AND I LOVE YOU!” Sherlock shouted back, his nose only inches from John’s.
When Sherlock didn’t answer, John pressed his call button for help. He waited restlessly for the nurse to appear. When the door opened and the young man appeared, John tried to sit up.
“Darling!” Margaret gushed, rushing to Greg. “You must be so tired, love. Why don’t you sit down?”
.” He drew a ragged breath. “I
“I’m not. You see, I know something you don’t know.”
“Oh…what?”
John struggled to shake his head again, still breathing too hard. “Panic…” he gasped. “Attack.”
Still, he supposed, it stood to reason that anyone who knew either of them would have noticed that something was different.
John stopped short just inside their sitting room door, but did not turn. “What?”
They sat in the quiet for some time. There was more to say, Sherlock knew, but they had conquered so much already. And he could feel John slipping into slumber. They were both drained with the release of the tension that was so many years in the making.
John laughed a little. “No, I don’t think you do, but it’s okay.” He settled back into the sofa and let Sherlock burrow into his warmth.
“Better now?” Sherlock asked softly, not taking his eyes from the monitor.
“I…I should tell you something. I wasn’t sure what to make of it — still not sure, to be honest — but I am pretty certain now that I didn’t imagine it.” John cleared his throat. “When Mary went to Manchester on that course, before the wedding, I remember coming over to 221B to see if you needed me for anything. And then…well, it was the strangest thing. That was Wednesday morning, and the next thing I knew I was waking up in my own bed and it was Thursday.” John sighed. “There were a fair few empty cans in the lounge, so I just assumed…”
“I know that,” John said, trying to remain calm. “And I will do this. I just refuse to be treated like an invalid or a child.”
“Sherlock, my love, I need all of you. Please.”
John's head dropped forward as he began to shoot all over Sherlock's chest and come-covered crotch. He bucked into his own fist as he came, riding the crest of a gorgeous climax. When he was finally finished, he slid sideways and fell back to the mattress to lie tucked up against Sherlock's side.
“I see.”
“So the baby was unplanned,” John said. “William told me Sherlock was. Not all pregnancies are thought through.”
“Now she’s gone and I…” He stared out into the darkness. “Why was I to blame for her? Why did she hate me?”
Sherlock bit his lip.
“You’re going to join the police.”
“Margaret,” John said, grinning.
He shaved again and redid his hair. He considered (just for a moment) brushing it back as it had been when Rosie was born, but changed his mind. He liked the look well enough, but it carried too many bad memories.
“Uh-huh. In my Peter Rabbit room!”
Holmes stared at a point somewhere over John’s head. John shrugged and opened the case. He inspected the two new syringes, still in their packets. There were small pieces of singed foil, a likewise blackened spoon, a handful of cotton balls, and a rubber tourniquet.
“Emotiona — are you quite serious?” Sherlock propped up on his elbows to give John an utterly withering look. “You of all people surely must be aware of the quagmire of misery sentiment leads to.”
Today’s adventure was another painful exercise. It was not that he particularly disliked art; it just wasn’t, in general, all that relevant to anything. The gallery—a repurposed warehouse in a trendy Docklands neighbourhood—was crowded and too cold. The modern pieces were by several different artists, all of whom had been volunteers with the UN (truck drivers, inspectors, aid workers; though no soldiers, which was a little disappointing). While that was moderately interesting, he found the sculptures, paintings and multi-media installations overly sentimental, for the most part.
John shifted onto his back foot, going cold at the casual perusal. He took a breath to speak and…thought he detected a subtle shift in her scent. He watched her carefully for a moment, waiting for any additional overt signs.
John rubbed his thumb appreciatively over Sherlock’s plump bottom lip. “Your mouth — jesus.”
“What on earth is going on?” an older man in an old-fashioned nightshirt demanded.
He wrapped an arm around himself and shivered a little. Not from cold.
“What is it?”
Out in the sitting room, there was a huffing noise. Clearly the girlfriend disapproved.
“Don’t worry about a thing. We'll be fine,” Greg said cheerfully, pausing at the top of the top of the stairs. He looked back at the pair with a wink. "Carry on."
“Why me? On the platform—why did you choose me?”
Sherlock had reiterated that he wanted to call John “Captain” or “sir,” and that he preferred to be John’s “good boy,” all of which suited John very well. They’d negotiated what kinds of things they would try: Sherlock had liked being bound and they’d both enjoyed the discipline; Sherlock clearly had a military kink, and John felt a bit weak at the knees at the idea of role play and Sherlock in some sort of costume as well. They’d also agreed to limits and exclusions. And although Sherlock had argued against any further use of a safe word, John was resolute. Frankly, he was still shocked he’d had the presence of mind to insist on it in his drugged state. At any rate, he’d felt it was still important, at least for a while. It was all new to them both, and he was very well aware of Sherlock’s tendency to neglect his own well-being and push himself too far.
Sherlock’s brow creased. “You must promise me that you will not. You must not, John. Please.”
Jeanette laughed out loud. “Exactly! God, I love my kids to bits, but I can honestly say that 10 years ago I might have sold both of them for ten minutes in the bath by myself.”
John stood and limped over to the examination table in the corner of his office. He took out the tray Lucy had prepared for him. He gloved up and prepped the syringe, unaware that his patient had moved until he heard the deep voice right behind him.
"This place really does have a lot of...charm," John remarked without rancour. He settled into one of the chairs by the fire—the Scandinavian modern knock-off he had chosen when he first arrived—and gave the sitting room another once over.
John sat up and pressed a hand to Sherlock’s chest. He brushed appreciatively over the fine dark hair. “Whatever feels right,” he said gently. “It’s just like before, only slower.”
“I said what I said because I didn’t want people making assumptions about my place here. With you. I’d been reduced from surgeon and soldier to—” John released a ragged breath. “God, I felt like shit when I got home from the war. I felt worthless. And I didn’t want people to think I was only along with you because we were—because I was just your charity-case boyfriend. Or your ‘live-in PA.’”
The baby had finally dozed in his face-forward carrier, draped back over John’s chest, in the back of the black saloon Mycroft had sent for them. John was trying very hard not to give in to anxiety, but Mycroft knew he’d been on edge since the phone call, at 4 a.m., to let him know “the package you ordered has come in.”
“Forty-four,” Greg admitted.
John turned onto his side and snuggled closer to Sherlock's body. It was too warm for cuddling, really. But when a man finally realizes he is in love with his best friend, and that best friend finally reveals the feeling is mutual, well, not even a sticky summer morning could put a damper on the need for closeness.
“John, John,” Dr. Awiti interrupted. “Sometimes these things just take a while.”
Kit sped into the room from the upper stairs, out of breath. “What’s Papa doing? Can I, Daddy?”
John considered this, harkening back to their earlier conversation. “Wait, earlier you said army
Sherlock gasped as John found a spot where the head of Sherlock’s cock was rubbing firmly into his hip.
“Fuck…you are…so…beautiful,” John grunted, punctuating the movement of his hips.
“Don’t stop. Please.”
John started to smirk. “All right, then, think of all the fun you’re going to have deducing the people that live in those houses, even if they have nothing at all to do with our case.”
“Misery?” John’s brow furrowed. “That’s how you see it?”
"My love," John started gently. "Whatever else I may have done and whoever else I may have done it with, there is one thing that I will only ever share with you...and it has nothing to do with my surprisingly sensitive nipples."
"Oh," Sherlock said, grinning to himself as he pressed his face into John's chest. "That's good. So this—"
John eased two fingers into Sherlock’s hole to spread the lube and ease the passage a little. He did not spend a great deal of time on prep, though—another part of their agreement. He sat back and checked inside the drawer for a condom. Seeing a handful (brand new, he suspected), he chuckled. “I see you were expecting me.”
“Okay?” John gasped.
“And, as we have established, my job is ideally suited to parenting,” Sherlock continued casually. “I have flexible hours. I can work from home. I can take time off whenever I need to.”
“Here we are. Yum, yum, yum…”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Do you think I’m good at it?”
Jeanette stared at him with narrowed eyes. "Is it...? Please tell me it is."
“Is it the same for you?” Sherlock asked suddenly. “When people realize you’re pregnant and offer congratulations or some other such nonsense—how does it make you feel?”
Canadian corps along with their medical personnel, continued progress north through Italy. They were engaged now in an attempt on the monastery at Cassino. If all went well, the Canadians — to whom John had been attached after one of their surgeons was killed — would be sent out for rest. The hospital would be moved and the patients evacuated.
Sherlock shook his head vehemently.
“Mam lived in Dublin before I was born; she moved west to be with my Da when Jimmy was about four,” Janine continued. “Everything was good for a while, but it didn’t last. Jimmy hated my Da and the feeling was mutual. Mam finally agreed to send Jimmy to England to live with my Aunt Jilly. He didn’t get on very well here, I’m afraid. He took a lot of shite from the other lads and it changed him.” Janine glanced up Sherlock. “But you know all about how that turned out, don’t you?”
John wiped himself quickly and dropped the flannel over the edge of the bed. He sat up on his knees and nudged Sherlock’s thigh until Sherlock pulled it up. Sherlock flinched a little as John checked him over.
“Well, I don’t think I’ll need one, but I’m partial to Thomas. What about you two?”
“Are you? Very sure?” Sherlock probed, eyes narrowing.
“We’re bugging out.”
“Oh, lovely.”
_________________
John would still smell like
“Lucky?” Sherlock grimaced. “Well, I suppose I am.”
“What. Did. You. Say?”
“No, that's not—look, I know he had reasons. But there was something else to it.” Lestrade watched Sherlock with a pointed expression. “And I just think, well, I think the thing that's changed? It's really good.”
"Mmmmm," John rumbled contentedly as they parted. "You taste good. Peppermint."
John leaned in to kiss his cheek. “If it really matters to you, of course.” John sighed, snuggling a little closer. “I'll miss calling you my sexy volcano, though.”
“So, back to work any day now?” he asked.
He rounded the corner and walked through the doorway into the private room Mycroft frequently used for their audiences. An attendant closed the tall, heavy, wood door behind him. John proceeded to where Mycroft was waiting, looking remarkably calm in his overstuffed leather armchair by the fireplace.
John’s body spasmed as he climaxed and shot ribbons of omega ejaculate over his belly and chest. His hole constricted around Sherlock’s cock.
John ghosted his lips experimentally over Sherlock’s warm cheek.
John stopped writing, trying hard not to let his alarm show on his face.
“Shower.”
“I can’t. I thought I could. I wanted to. I thought it could be like it was. But I can’t do this.”
John glanced up, still chewing his last bite. Sherlock stared into his new flatmate’s midnight blue eyes (with an unusual colour in the centre–was it gold or grey?) and lost his train of thought. He watched, mesmerized, as John ate. Why was the simple act of consuming noodles suddenly the most erotic thing he’d ever seen?
“The game is over,” John tried. He knew that had been in there somewhere.
“WAIT!”
He moaned as John rubbed over a deliciously sensitive spot on his penis and he tried to inch closer. John panted in his ear, thrusting gently into the fist Sherlock had made with his long fingers. They rutted together this way for a few minutes, until John grabbed Sherlock by the waist and pulled him close. He rolled them until Sherlock was sprawled on top of him, thighs draped on either side of John’s hips. Sherlock wriggled into place, settling as…
“Please,” John encouraged, weaving his fingers into Sherlock’s curls. “I need you to suck them,” he whispered against Sherlock’s brow. “It makes me so wet.”
A few minutes later, relieved and refreshed, he started back across the open concept dining room with vaulted ceilings and floor to ceiling windows that showcased the Thames. He slowed to appreciate the view. And tried to ignore the naughty wink offered by one of the alphas who’d eyed him initially. She was seated with a male beta who was clearly her husband. John scowled at her and continued on his way.
Sherlock wiggled forward until his balls slapped against John’s bottom. He sighed with relief as his unformed knot disappeared inside his mate’s body. He withdrew slowly—oh, so slowly—making sure to nudge John’s spot on the way past. He let his cock pop free of the warm hole only to slam back inside his omega’s willing body.
Sherlock winced. “Not really my area.”
John mumbled something in his sleep and them smacked his lips.
“Did you…that night?”
“Uh-huh.”
“All right. Since you’ve asked so sweetly,” John teased. He brushed his lips over Sherlock’s brow as he began to stroke once more. “You are so lovely like this. So lovely for me.”
“He volunteered,” Sherlock said defensively.
“No?” John repeated.
“Right. Fine.” John’s anger lowered his voice and turned his vision red. “So you’ve hated me and Rosie for god knows how long and you’ve just been letting that fester, letting Rosie believe you cared about her, letting me worry and wonder, and now it’s just—no. You know what. Fine. Fine. I’m the bad guy and we’re done. Okay.”
John stopped immediately, looking horrified. “What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?”
“Sherlock was just telling young Archie, here, that he could pop ‘round to 221B for a visit,” Lestrade interjected, looking far too pleased with himself.
“I don’t know! Tell me!”
“No, neither can I,” Sherlock admitted softly.
“Mmmm. Good. M-me. Too.”
The fact was, he’d felt like a prat the first time he’d said anything about Sherlock’s less tactful behaviour. It had been the same night as their first experiment in mutual fellatio (now a rather delightful ongoing feature of their new sex life). They’d been roused from their bed by a fake drugs bust.
Sherlock pulled on his coat and dragged John to his feet. He grabbed the parcel he’d been carrying and pressed himself out of the way as John removed the spent condom and binned it, and tucked himself away.
“This is not nonsense,” John replied irritably, one hand clutching his now-cramping belly. “Mr. Holmes, I am deeply sorry for what has happened, but I have to get somewhere safe. Immediately.”
“I know,” John said suddenly, surprising himself. He reached for Sherlock’s uninjured hand and clasped it between both of his own. “I have no idea what’s happening to me, but I know that I can’t imagine never seeing you again. Never hearing your voice again, Sherlock…Holmes?”
“Well, like this,” John replied, gesturing around him. “Or being a police officer. Something like that. With your abilities, you could do an awful lot of good.”
“Guess I’ll just have to see what we get. I can always decide what sort of name will suit once I’ve met him or her.”
“Oh. Of course.”
John nodded dully, trudging up the narrow stairs. They followed along a corridor, finally coming to a stop outside a cheerful yellow and blue decorated guest room. John felt a swell of relief—he wasn’t sure he’d have been able to keep calm if he’d been led to Sherlock’s old room.
Sherlock huffed and turned to flop into his easy chair.
John had always been small, even for a male omega. Over the years, he’d learned caution and humility. Unfortunately, he’d been a scrapper in his youth and his time in the army had only served to enhance his fighting skills. He swung the punch without waiting for his equilibrium. He didn’t need it.
The stranger leaned in once more. “Well done. Help me get on board and I’ll explain everything.”
John started a message to Sherlock, smiling at their son. “There you are, Kit. All sorted, and lasagne for supper.”
“Just have to visit the loo. Again. Back soon.”
“Whatever the case is, whatever Sherlock’s doing, it ends now.” John’s voice cracked a little as he whispered, “I will not allow whatever this is to take my son from me.”
“Phone.”
“Yeah, I know there are still some of the older generation who hold to that. My gran said the same thing to me when I presented as an omega: ‘Just find yourself a good alpha, Johnny. They’ll take care of you and you won’t have to worry about a thing.’”
He shoved at Sherlock to get him moving toward the door while the others dealt with Mary and carried John to the entrance.
John softened, cupping the man’s cheek with one hand. “I will be, love.”
“Noted.”
“You’ve got your puzzled face on,” John said with a knowing smile.
Kit and Drew both froze where they were—wooden spoons raised for another go at the pots and pans—and stared at John. John rubbed at his aching head and tried not to notice how worried his children looked. He did have a temper, but he had always tried not to raise his voice with the boys.
Drew was nine months old—a chubby, blonde-haired, good-natured baby who smiled easily, slept regularly and loved to cuddle. John had been feeling wonderful since his delivery. It was almost as though nature had hit the reset button for him following the upheaval of Kit’s traumatic birth and first few months. John had struggled physically as well as emotionally during that period, and it had taken over a year for him to start feeling like himself again.
"That’s it. Much better. Wait, hold on. Spaghetti arms. You’re invading my dance space."
“Wrong?” Sherlock looked from one to the other. “Why would you think something is wrong?”
“They’re going to know, aren’t they?”
“So you really didn’t know which of the researchers had betrayed the project? Their alibis were that good.”
“Oh,” he breathed finally.
Sherlock’s head slammed back against the wall, his eyes closed and fingers clutching desperately at John’s head. John chuckled as he happily obliged, allowing Sherlock’s throbbing cock to ride the surface of his tongue into his warm, watering mouth. He hummed his pleasure at the salty taste and silky texture of his lover’s flesh. Sherlock’s breath hitched as John sucked him down, inch by inch.
John eased himself off the toy, his legs shaking. Sherlock held him tightly as he rebalanced.
“I thought about it. Especially right before Bart’s.” John sniffed. “I didn’t know what to do. I’ve never been in a relationship with a man. I experimented, when I was younger, but…well it never turned into anything. I was unsure of myself. And you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really, John? Every time? Every time you are not with me on a case you need me to tell you that it would have been better had you been there?”
Sherlock just smiled at him, looking dazed.
John staggered back; Sherlock grasped his elbow to steady him.
? Why on earth would you think I was worried about what
Sherlock nodded and set Drew on his feet on the floor.
“How did he…no, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t ask about that.”
“Consulting Detective,” Holmes said, flopping down onto the lower berth and leaning back on his hands.
“Everything will be fine,” John seethed, arms crossed over his chest. He fidgeted in the uncomfortable chair in Doctor Awiti’s waiting room. “Bloody condoms. Can’t anyone make anything that bloody works anymore?!”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose; John shook his head politely.
“Full sentences for the rest of us, please. What are you talking about?”
“Will do.”
. And that beret…
Dr. Awiti stared John down. John’s last check-up with the midwife had gone well in all respects save one—John’s blood pressure was now the highest it had ever been.
As though something was being torn away.
They’d been following a lead in Bromley, just out from Crystal Palace Station. It had been a relatively uneventful excursion. In truth, it was nothing they couldn’t have done on the internet, but Sherlock had felt it was important to get John out of the flat for a while. He’d been sullen and difficult for days.
Greg released a big breath then started, a hand grabbing at his belly.
“Yes, Captain.”
“Of course you’ll come home,” John scowled at him. “Kit can’t live without you. And I won’t.”
John strode back into the room with both mugs. "But, what? Homophobia? Bigots? Conservative politicians?"
“Stay,” John rasped. “Please.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied in a singsong voice. He nuzzled into John’s neck. “When I realized Greg was carrying, well, I started putting the pieces together. Though I still wasn’t sure Mycroft was going to—”
“How did I get here?”
“If you’re asking if I think you have in some way become physically unattractive,” Sherlock sniffed. “I don’t think I’ll dignify that with a response.”
“Perhaps in time, you might…” John’s brain stuttered to a stop and he lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s. “What did you say?”
Sherlock licked and sucked at John’s entrance, breaching with his tongue again and again. By the time he’d had his fill, John had reached the edge of his coherence.
“Possibly.”
“So you know about him,” Lombardi conceded. “I suppose I’d have been disappointed in Interpol if you didn’t. But that won’t stop me from getting this to him. My plane is waiting nearby, and my diplomatic credentials will get me out of UK airspace well before anyone finds you and connects you to me.”
Greg watched them with a strange expression. “’Bye. You two have fun. With Emily.”
“What about it?” John asked. “Who’s in Sussex?”
“Yes?”
“Go on,” John growled.
“Hmmmm?” Sherlock glanced down at himself. “Oh. Yes, I suppose.” He stood and started unbuttoning his shirt. “Why
Mycroft peered around Kit to look at Greg. The copper’s eyes were rapidly filling with tears.
Sherlock cocked his head. "Fast?"
“It was,” Sherlock agreed drowsily. “Don't know why I come like that, though.”
“Yeah, I do,” John replied cheerfully. “I like seeing the options in all the places. You know—get an idea of what it might be like to live somewhere green. Maybe with a view of the sea.”
“Great plan. Shooting Magnussen in the head,” Mary said flatly. “What’s Sherlock capable of, then?”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up, and he bent to press a firm kiss to John’s lips. John sighed his approval and allowed himself to sink back to the bed as Sherlock chased him, kissing him all the while. John settled back into the soft bedding and wrapped both arms around his lover’s body.
John approached with a grin. “Hello, sweetheart. Would you like me to take your coat?”
Sherlock stopped, his glazed eyes quickly refocusing. He blinked down at John—now sprawled wantonly across the bed and teasing at the tip of his cock—and swallowed hard.
There was a great gust of breath, almost as though Kit were sighing his relief. Within seconds, he was settled peacefully, thumb in his mouth, as he blinked at John.
John stood, attempting to ease the kink out of his leg. He tugged pointlessly at his uniform. “Fine. But you owe me.”
“I’m going to be fine, Sherlock. I promise you. This is just a precaution.”
“I see.”
“Yeah, well, this is exciting. Don’t you think?”
__________________________________________________
“It was bad. They l-lost you for a few minutes.” John took a deep breath. “You died.”
“The corps will be shipped out for much-needed rest. We’re to go on ahead; most of the patients have already been evacuated as you know — it’s just the amputees and your mystery man, there.” Hastings thrust his chin in the direction of the shrine.
Half dizzy with his own desire, John drifted quickly into an erotic haze. Tongues and fingers, lapping and sucking and stroking—it all blurred together accompanied by a symphony of filthy noises.
His breath caught in his chest as he regarded the long, angular face with the sharp cheekbones and feline eyes. The full lips were slightly pursed as the young man stared at him, clearly considering something.
“Well, they’re amazing. I’d always thought so. But I was bonded, and he wasn’t interested. I thought.”
John regarded the bow with a frown. “Well, I don’t work at Harrods, do I?”
Sherlock hummed, taking him deep and swallowing around him. John could not last— with a shudder, he came. He shoved his fist into his mouth to stifle a shout. He looked down, watching as his alpha suckled him clean and pressed his nose into the springy hair at his crotch.
“I’m not love, I promise,” John soothed. He rubbed a hand over Sherlock’s chest. “There are few things I would believe you incapable of. It’s just that I hadn’t realized you were interested in sharing your knowledge with youngsters.”
At the first brush of his fingertips against Sherlock’s cock, John began to tremble. He had never touched another man sexually, and — while he wanted it more than he had been able to admit, even to himself — the newness of it was nearly overwhelming.
Molly glanced around the flat. “So everything all right with Emily, then?”
Sherlock gasped as John grabbed both sides of his face and dragged him close. Every last trace of the fear and bitterness and rage that had dominated John’s world since his injury drained out of him. They were replaced by a grateful ache he couldn’t even begin to name, but it cried out for his alpha. He kissed Sherlock, and kissed him, and kissed him.
“Sherlock, my god! Are you all right?” he called.
"I don't know what you want me to say."
“Yes. Normally that would fade after a rut or heat, without a bond. But so long as we continue, we’ll renew that tie.”
“Or what? Gonna’ defend your girlfriend, are you?”
“Sorry, I-I don’t understand…”
“And shower.”
“I know,” Greg sighed. He dragged the curtain back and stepped out. The new shirt was a much better fit and showed off his broad shoulders and muscular upper arms. “Good?”
“And we’ll call her Bea.”
“It’s too late to take anything anyway,” Sherlock replied calmly. “Nothing to worry about. My parents will take the boys. Mycroft is coming to pick them up in an hour.”
John strode toward him, never taking his eyes from Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock turned and tugged on John’s hand, leading him from the bathroom out into the corridor. “Perhaps you could come with me to crime scenes. You’re a doctor. You’ve been to war. Seen lots of injuries; violent deaths.”
"Can you tell me?"
“Mycroft and I have a plan.”
“I can’t do this.”
John realized that the alpha’s gaze had dropped to his mouth. Sherlock was turning toward him, cautiously reaching out. John beamed, taking the offered hand and drawing Sherlock in. Sherlock rolled on his shoulder until he had pinned John between the wall and his own lean body.
His mother gave him a long, hard look—a talent for which she had passed on to his annoying brother. Sherlock huffed in defeat. Margaret Holmes was not to be contradicted.
“Nor me.”
The word “early” died on John's lips as he glanced at his watch. 16:15.
Dr. Awiti popped into the pleasant yellow room only a few minutes later. “Good morning! And how are my favourite detectives?”  She sat at her desk and logged into the computer. “How are you feeling, John?”
"Tell me where he is. I know he isn't dead," John started. "Or, rather, our son does."
“What, dinner?”
“Yes?”
“Yes, love.”
The door to the crew room opened with a thud. A short woman in her mid-forties dressed in the standard issue uniform of the UK Border Agency slumped one shoulder against the doorjamb. John glanced up from his lunch.
“Yes, but…I’m really not feeling very well. And I don’t think I’m Sherlock’s doctor anymore.” John shifted uncomfortably. “He missed his follow-up appointment yesterday.”
Oddly, Mr. Blue Skull had never been about these things for Sherlock.
“By then, yes. Does that trouble you?”
“Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp’s quite bad when you walk, but you don’t use your stick for short distances.” Sherlock nodded in the direction of John’s desk, where his abandoned cane was propped against the wall. “You can forget about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan — Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“I do,” John replied smartly.
“Oi, oi, oi, what’s going on in here!” Greg’s voice boomed.
“I’m sorry.”
“God, yes.”
“I suppose I do.”
“You have too much to live for, John Watson.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, reaching out to shake Angelo’s hand this time. “We appreciate it.”
“Are you scared of
“You are
“Poe? As in Edgar?”
John made a pained noise. “It will burn…”
The thought of that first heat—of a shy, virginal Sherlock trusting John with his body’s demands and letting John guide him… John moaned again, his cock twitching with the need to be touched. Sherlock brushed his hand lazily over the plane of John’s abdomen. He released John’s mouth and bent his head to capture one leaking nipple between his lips.
Sherlock gasped and bucked into John, his long fingers winding into the strands of John’s hair. “It’s been so long,” he groaned.
“Sherlock!”
“I should go.”
“No.”
“John, you need to take things easy,” the doctor said evenly. “There’s no sign of preeclampsia, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
“I’ve always cared about you. I didn’t know how much until I thought I might lose you.”
the plan?”
At length, retreating only to breathe, John sighed happily. “I see your point.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Bed, Sherlock. We’re going to bed. So I can hold you and snog you some more before we sleep.”
Sherlock felt heat rising to his cheeks. “I didn’t think…”
“I’m sorry.”
“How long is a while?” John asked, sounding a little panicked. “I’m not exactly getting any younger.”
“I’ll have Lucy set something up for two days from now. Is Thursday okay?”
“Prostate,” John panted. “I understand it’s even better from inside.”
“Should we?”
The survivors deal with the aftermath.
Sherlock contemplated telling him—pointing out his observations about John’s drinking and the connection he had made in his Mind Palace between drinking and fear—but perhaps that was a conversation best left to a later time. “Just wondered.”
Sherlock tilted his head in John’s direction. There was barely twelve inches of space between them. John glanced up from the injection site and met his patient’s eyes.
“Does he really believe no one can see him picking his nose, do you think?” Sherlock asks John loudly. Luckily, the chaos in the car means the man in question still doesn’t hear him.
Watson is still fuming with something very close to jealousy, which he won’t admit to, when their own Anderson walks in the door.
Sherlock watched with rapt attention as John kissed his way down Sherlock’s chest, pausing just briefly at each of his nipples to kiss them before moving on. John kissed his navel before licking a stripe down to the tip of his cock and placing a soft kiss at the frenulum.
At this point in their friendship, John Watson no longer needs to say the words “Not good”, nor is he surprised or appalled by the antics of his best friend, Sherlock Holmes. They’ve both become accustomed to gentle societal reminders and move on with ease.
Sherlock returns with the champagne before John can officially ask her to marry him, and Holmes places his left hand on the side of his face, turning in to it with the shame of second-hand embarrassment.
. Not my wife, but you. Do you know how long I beat myself up trying to figure out what the hell that even means?”
"Damn!" He curses after nearly a full minute of silence.
John looked over at the photo and smiled; Sherlock looked so young and innocent, his puppy fat cheeks colourful and healthy. The uniform that John could see in the picture looked expensive, obviously a private school.
Sherlock looked utterly dejected and nodded slowly before standing up, “I’m sorry to have bothered you. I’ll leave you alone,” he mumbled with a lowered gaze, moving quickly from the bathroom. John sighed, scrubbing through his hair and fighting the ball of guilt in the pit of his stomach until he heard the slam of the front door.
"She has no firewood," Sherlock parrot's back grumpily, flopping back into his chair gracelessly, "So I'm soon to be bored
At the restaurant, some waiter puts a candle on their table. John doesn't quite know how to deal with it and looks to Sherlock.
'Look – sorry, right. Um, I'm holding the phone right in front of you right now and it's a picture of our cat. The fur is rather bright, not really white though. Mary insisted on calling it Rosamund.'
'It's when someone tries to hit on you and you clarify that they're just a friend to you.'
They keep going. Three people, rushing around a hospital bed. Their moves are fast, efficient.
'How come he … solved a murder case? Is it a real case after all? Is he from Scotland Yard?'
But John and Mary have left the room for Sherlock never really opened his mouth or showed any sign of criticism. Nevertheless, John does shave it off eventually. And he also moves in with Mary. They have a lovely little party, which John tells Sherlock all about the other day. He doesn't spend so much time with him as before but he comes to his room in some of the coffee breaks and sometimes even watches TV with him again.
After a whole month, John goes to look for Sherlock but he's gone. When he asks someone, they tell him that Sherlock's been transported to his parents' house. He probably has a personal nurse there, doing the physiotherapy with him.
'Do you even have any clean dishes?'
'No!' John says for what feels like the hundredth time.
'You go and try to date your best friend who doesn't have the memories you thought you shared with them.'
'I'd love to see you again,' John offers.
Sherlock follows, grumbling to himself. Only when John asks him about new experiments, he lights up and begins to tell John about several of them. He explains it all in fast monologues while John sips his tea and the atmosphere is calm and comfortable.
John buries his face in his hands, trying to piece it together. Whatever Sherlock has dreamed must have been a very twisted version of the truth. So Mary was John's wife but she died? Sherlock was responsible for it? Rosie is their child? Moriarty is a person?
John looks over. 'You could have told me not to eat something before coming,' he says.
'Hamish. Doctor John Hamish Watson. Or Captain.' Sherlock smiles a little. 'Fifth Northumberland fusiliers. Injured in Afghanistan, that's why you used to walk with a cane. That walking cane over there.'
'You can't walk, Sherlock. You just woke up!'
'The TV was on when I got to his room this morning. Do you watch TV with that coma patient? Do you still know he's unconscious? Even if he'd wake up, this man won't know-'
'Just lie down,' John orders. 'I'll call your brother.'
'Well, you called my brother a “she”.'
Sherlock didn't react.
'Hm.' He tips his chin up and meets Sherlock's lips again.
'Please?' His head is turned to John, his eyes are open. They have a piercing shade of turquoise and they are looking right at John. Sherlock is pale, but he always has been. His curls are like they always have been. John has never seen how they bounce a bit when Sherlock moves his head. He points at the empty glass on the table, his hand is shaking slightly.
On the next morning it's Philip Anderson, an ambitious but idiotic soon-to-be doctor, who's annoying John.
John smirks. 'Oh, you've just proven yourself to be one.'
'Can't deny that,' he says and sit up. He slides a hand to the back of John's neck and kisses him deeply. 'Bedroom, come on. I don't fancy falling off the couch mid-sex.'
'Obviously.' Sherlock pauses. 'I do admit that the extensive use of certain substances that could be called drugs might have had a hallucinating effect on me so that I perceived unimportant details slightly differently, but I'm getting better.'
It's their seventh date when they get there. Magic number, it seems. Or maybe it's the fact that they're all alone for the first time since the hospital.
John sighed. 'But–'
'Whatever you want, John,' Sherlock cuts him off. 'I can bottom, I like either way.' He's put a condom on himself, too, and crawls over John. 'We don't need to do anything involving penetration but god, I want you inside me,' he murmurs and leans down to kiss at John's neck.
For the records, monitors with flat lines work better than coffee.
Sherlock gives him a small, sad smile. 'I'm sorry,' he says with a small smile. 'Did you actually have an appalling moustache?'
John snorts at that. 'You can basically read my mind and that's what's unfair.'
'What do you think then, Dr Watson?' A rather old nurse had entered the room and John looked up.
'Just stopping by, ya know? Bloody bastard's got no-one for Christmas,' he explained and off they went, just to briefly stop by his room.
Sherlock snorts. 'You invaded Afghanistan.' He jerks a little when John's fingers touch his thighs to pull up the gown.
'I'm not his friend,' John corrects him before thinking.
He quickly explains.
There is a moment of silence. 'You haven't answered my first question,' John says then. 'when did you realise you liked …me?'
Sherlock makes a face, but he doesn't give up.
'Best friend,' Sherlock finishes at the same time. 'What?'
'Why won't you tell me?' Sherlock asks instead of a greeting when they meet up the next time about a week later. He continually tried to pry it out of John as they texted nearly ever day. His guesses became more and more ridiculous. 'It's not a code for nuclear weapons, it's just your middle name, for heaven's sake.'
John ignores his words again. 'We got him eventually, thank god. Now, it's like it was before.'
'Do you want me under you? On top?' Sherlock asks when John slicks up his fingers and rubs them against each other to warm the lube.
Sherlock's smile is back. 'Okay… Thank you,' he adds clumsily. 'That's… very nice of you.'
Mike huffs a laugh.
'What if I have to go to the bathroom?'
After drinking virgin cocktails in a bar (no alcohol for Mr Ex-Drug addict), John has walked Sherlock home to his expensive flat paid for by Mycroft. The flat is in a tall, modernised building with elevators and whatever you can wish for. Now, Sherlock lives alone and without a personal nurse anymore. He can walk short distances with crutches or by supporting himself on furniture but occasionally he still uses the wheelchair when he goes out. Not tonight, which is also why he leans against John in the elevator and why John supports him as they make a beeline for the couch. Sherlock's exhausted but he refuses to say anything about it.
'She was so much more interesting in my dream,' he murmurs after a while. John's already half asleep. 'Except for the fact she kept flirting with me. That was annoying.'
'I was just making a dramatic pause.'
On a Tuesday evening, one of many, John is in Sherlock's room to write a few emails. The Wi-Fi connection is rather good here, that's the only reason, obviously. It's dark outside, Sherlock isn't moving, and John is sitting in a comfortable chair at the table, typing. The telly is on, because sometimes, it has to be. Even though he initially spent some free time here because of the silence, now and then, John can't bear it.
'The me you envisioned was certainly a lot more heroic and selfless.'
'Is helping you move around my only job here?' John whispers as he crouches down.
John just laughed at the childish behaviour, then he announced that Sherlock was adorable.
Sherlock smiles a bit at his hands on the table. 'See, that was an advantage about everything having just been a dream: you're not yet used to my intelligence. I can still impress you.'
'What?'
John takes the handles of the wheelchair and pushes it through a door into the huge building.
Sherlock gives him a glance. 'You shot a man for me two days after our first encounter, so there was nothing to lose.'
'Bring me to my flat, John.'
John grins, Sherlock changes the topic to the case Lestrade gave him the day before.
The sounds change again, several times, then die.
It doesn't take long. John is louder than Sherlock indeed, and when the waves of pleasure ebb away, he pulls out and rolls off Sherlock. He turns his head after a minute or to look at him, grinning exhaustedly.
'I like blue!' John insists.
'I take it, my flirting skills aren't so bad after all.'
'It's fine, John. It's only been, what? Nine dates? And a few days at the hospital. It'd be a bit weird if watching me sleep for a year would have made you fall in love with me.'
Sherlock sits up straight. 'Him?!'
Lestrade sits down in one of the chairs in the hallway, John next to him. 'That's…' He doesn't quite know what to say. 'Why wasn't I the best friend?' he asks then.
Sherlock complains and grumbles to himself for at least another hour, then he tries to brainwash John. Halfway through an argument about fake moustaches, glasses, bow ties and French accents, he falls victim to the exhaustion. John checks, but it's normal sleep.
The next day, when he comes for the usual talk, conversation starter prepared, Sherlock's asleep and John allows himself to look at him like he used to when Sherlock was in the coma.
'Hey, wait, tell me your name. Can you hear me? Hello? We need to know who you are!' John tries to wake him up again while someone at the door calls his name.
When they're in the cab, they talk again, bickering like before and Sherlock mutters a deduction of the cab driver into John's ear. This dark voice could technically be considered attractive. All John manages is an uttered 'Amazing!' and Sherlock leans back with a proud little smile.
'Go ahead. No, I don't want one, before you ask.'
John smirks and picks up a menu. 'I'm afraid internet research will have told you it's little things like these,' he mutters, skimming through the menu.
'Fuck,' he mutters when Sherlock lowers himself and John slides all the way in until Sherlock's seated.
'I hate the fact you're not even wrong,' John mutters. 'Can we finally change the topic?'
'Who's Greg?'
'What is this?' John mutters quietly.
'Last time, I ran away all by myself to talk to a master blackmailer. And I was more dead than alive. So you better stay with me this time, don't you think?'
John grins and closes the door behind himself, putting his keys aside.
'Me too,' John says, shifting to get comfortable. 'I'm going to fall asleep any second.'
'But… you're my… I'm your…' Sherlock pauses and then talks very slowly. 'John. You are my…'
'You know, I'll admit I was mildly terrified before I did it for the first time.'
'Can't believe you didn't give up on such an unimportant matter!'
Sherlock looks up to him and their eyes meet. Slowly, his lips curl into a smile and he chuckles, fully laughs then.
John gets the wrong thoughts, again. 'Let's find our cab,' he says which is a lame comeback but whatever.
'Don't worry about some case, Sherlock.' He makes the top end of the bed sink down a bit and puts Sherlock's feet back up. It occurs to him that he maybe shouldn't call Sherlock by his first name. He's just his doctor, even if Sherlock calls him John. 'You can talk to the detective inspector later, Mr Holmes.'
turn our newly discovered sex life in to an experiment right now. Just…
“Bluebell? Like the rabbit from
, Sherlock.”
“J-John,” he stuttered again, falling heavily to the bed as the other man breathed warm air against the wet cloth covering his over-sensitive cock.
“I…yeah,” he admits, “I still don’t understand what this is. Is it a documentary of sorts? Is this based off my blog?”
Holmes had merely begun fighting bodily with Moriarty, growing closer to the ledge of the falls. He figured that he might be able to throw the other man in, leaving him able to live, or if nothing else he would be taking Moriarty down with him. He was resolved that if he were to die that he would ensure the safety of Watson in the process.
“Not to us, but it did to them,” he answers.
Sherlock lets out a breath of disgruntled air, frustrated by John’s lack of clarity and communication. This entire situation feels off somehow, and it’s quite honestly making him uneasy.
I shook my head, “No, I’m alright,” I told him with a smile, but it was not genuine and I knew that he could see that.
And despite what he just saw on screen, Watson’s heart swells and he smiles. Holmes’ eyes make their way back to his from his lips with confusion. Then it’s Holmes’ turn to experience the revelation that Watson loves him in return. His eyes have never been good at hiding anything, but right now it appears that Watson isn’t even
“Watson?” Holmes asks gently as he pulls away again, his hands falling from his face.
With an uncontrollable smile, despite all that has transpired this night, John moves his hand just enough to interlace their fingers.
Holmes considers, “There
to. He stands still, frightened of scaring him off, as Sherlock’s right hand raises to gently run the backs of his fingers across his left cheek, but closes his eyes and leans in to the light touch. He doesn’t step back as Sherlock steps forward, closing the last bit of distance separating them so that they are pressed flush from what feels like chest to toe. John’s hands move to Sherlock’s sides, grabbing his shirt in his fists to restrain himself while at the same time consenting to the proximity. Sherlock’s right hand moves to the nape of John’s neck, pulling the slightly shorter boy’s face to his and pressing their right cheeks together.
“Let’s agree never to take a case while intoxicated, yeah?” Watson proposes.
Sherlock growls because he knows John is right, "Your phone, then."
be – the last time.
The first episode starts so suddenly with John having a nightmare in his bedsit. Both men cringe, Watson because of the reminder of how horrible and frequently they used to occur, Holmes because – while he clearly is aware that his PTSD used to be worse than it currently is – he has never seen a depiction such as this.
starts straight in to footage of the client.
Sherlock looks like he doesn’t want to voice it, but he can’t bring himself to look away, either, “Of what I won’t find.”
“Yeah, they
“No, stop it right now,” Watson orders him, looking away so Holmes can no longer look in his telling eyes.
do I make myself come?”
“Sherlock?” Greg called out, stopping Sherlock in his tracks, “If you feel that way about John, you should tell him. He...there was…fuck it. It just might not be as unwelcome as you think.”
“She’s asking inane questions and imposing her presence on him all while distracting John from the work, of
At this point Sherlock separates from John, needing to do something on his own.
“It's okay to be nervous, you know,” John replied, tilting his head, “It's totally understandable.”
“John Watson, I swear to all that I hold holy that if you keep stopping and asking me if I’m okay, I’m going to get up and hit you,” Sherlock sighed, dropping his head back to the bed, “I’m not made of porcelain. I am bloody fine!”
“Well,” Watson says slowly after a time, “maybe Moriarty was trying to sell it off as one, or thought it was less suspicious this way.”
“St. Innocent,” John continues with a huge smile on his face, enjoying being the cause for the genuine smile that graces Sherlock’s features, “Ironically he was a man-whore. And a druggy,” he has to squint to see the last one on the wall, “St…Landulf? Little-known brother to Gandalf the Wizard.”
“I didn’t expect you to have recovered so quickly,” she admits hollowly.
Sherlock blinked sluggishly before wiping his mouth shyly with his hand. Stretching dramatically, Sherlock tensed his body and then looked up at John, “Hmm?”
“What?” I asked ineloquently, trying to hide my thoughts from the detective.
But how am I supposed to say no to you? I never actually have before, and as selfish as I know it is, I can’t say no to my only opportunity to hold you close and pretend that you might love me, too.
Around the same time, Watson - in an alternate 2015 dimension - returns to 221B with Tesco bags in hand.
“It really was,” Sherlock admitted with a small, sad sigh.
Henry continues on about how his therapist thinks he needs to face his fears, and finally gets down to the point of what happened last night. He had gone back to the hollow and found the footprints of a gigantic hound.
difference: you spent the time closing yourself off, and I spent the time opening myself up.
Fast forward to Christmas at the Holmes residence. Mummy bickers with Mycroft about being happy that they’re all together, especially after someone tried to murder her little boy.
“That’s the point of my not talking about it.”
“Have to be famous for that to happen,” Watson smiles.
You smirk in return as you roll your eyes, “You know what I mean.”
you, Sherlock,” she spits as though it’s an obvious fact, “if he did, he would have had you.”
He reaches out with his left hand, caressing the freckle near Sherlock’s hip bone.
“Good.”
“I showed him a picture of a man pleasuring himself with his own mouth and then asked him to show me,” Sherlock explained and then seemed to go offline for a moment, “Impressive? Why is it impressive?”
Sherlock smirked mischievously before moving his right hand to John’s stomach, “If I touch right about here,” he muttered while lightly dragging his fingertips down about two inches of skin, near his navel, causing John’s hips to thrust forward sharply again, the older man hissing at the feeling, “Oh, John!” Sherlock moaned at the harsher thrust, eyes closing in pleasure.
“Watson…”
“I mean that the only cases on right now don’t even hit a 5 on your scale,” Lestrade bites back in annoyance.
“I wish I knew how to ignore you,” John said in place of a greeting.
John felt a blaze of anger going through him as he looked at Sherlock looking broken and dejected, “I heard a little about it. Sherlock said it was bad...”
Sherlock blinked rapidly and cleared his throat a bit before meeting his eyes and admitting, “Of course I knew,” with a bit of defensiveness towards his brilliance, “I just didn’t think you were ready to admit it yet.”
“Do you have any idea how difficult it is to think?” John groused.
“Would you like me to earn it?” He asked his last question with a predatory growl before sucking and kissing the juncture of neck and shoulder.
Watson takes secret enjoyment from this outburst, seeing as how Holmes typically belittles any title he gives their case write-ups.
“You were gagging on it, so it’s big enough,” Sherlock responded with a filthy grin, “Bedroom?”
to – and I’m glad you found happiness again. But it doesn’t make the lump in my throat any less bitter: the lump that has longed to finally confess that I love you, now that it’s too late for you to possibly consider returning the sentiment.
"Ah, John. Sorry to wake you," Sherlock said softly, almost sounding contrite. "I didn't realize you would be out here."
“Is that what I’ve been doing?”
“No. I love your long, hairy legs. And your chest, with those dark tufts, makes me drool. Are your nipples sensitive?”
“No, I’m n—”
John was silenced and utterly thrown off guard as his young patient pressed him into the wall and claimed his mouth. John protested, trying to speak against Sherlock’s very insistent lips, but to no avail.
“Jesus.”
“I know,” John conceded fondly. “So what are you working on?”
“Why would I carry anything in my
No longer having access to those in power had been demoralizing for the man, though. He'd never really recovered. He'd taken himself off to the new Musgrave Hall to complete a work on the history of British espionage.
He was obliged. Sherlock captured John’s mouth and drove his tongue within. He thrust and withdrew, thrust and withdrew, all the while keeping up a steady torment on John’s nipples. John was writhing—not trying to withdraw, but unable to control his desperation.
Zafeera nodded. “It was touch and go to save his liver. There was a very small perforation of the large intestine as well. He’s lost a lot of blood and we’ll be lucky if we can avoid septicaemia.”
John pushed in firmly, not giving Sherlock time to adjust. There was a little resistance—he knew Sherlock would be sore the next day—but Sherlock had been very clear that this was what he wanted. He liked it rough.
John puzzled over this as he moved to follow the man back to the kitchen.
“Jes—Sherlock. Yes, love. Oh, god, I love the feel of your hand on me.”
John watched as his son studied his grandmother at close quarters—his gaze and intensity were so like his father’s that John had to look away. Every time he saw the man he loved in their child, it felt as though his heart broke into at least two more pieces.
John glanced over the new missive from their daughter. He could almost hear the breathless description of the enormous waterfall in Rosie’s voice. He smiled to himself.
He’d had months to learn about Serbia. He’d seen the scars. “For how long?”
“Then he whispered my name and I more or less melted. The only other thing he said to me before he slipped into rut was ‘Are you quite certain?’”
“God, just look at you. On your knees with that pretty, impertinent mouth hanging open — exactly as though you expect me to put something in it.”
“You have lied to me since the day we met. You were happy to cuckold me. You were willing to shoot my best friend in cold blood, and you threatened him again right in front of me,” John said through gritted teeth. “I’ve heard what you’re capable of. With Magnussen still a threat, I couldn’t take the chance—I couldn’t risk you upsetting Sherlock’s plans.”
“Not that anyone could tell,” she sighed. “They need to do somethin’ about that entrance to the underground station at peak times.”
And just in time.
“Hey—what the hell!!” The camera operator backed away, still filming. “Are you out of your mind? What are you doing?” She reached out a hand to try and grab Sherlock’s swinging arm, but John pulled her back and out of the way.
“Easy, now. I’ll get that,” John soothed. He dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s curls—something they both loved. He worked on his jeans and was soon tugging them off.
“Good.”
Kit nodded his agreement with this, and rested his head against John’s shoulder.
Sherlock swallowed. “So you like…being here?”
It did not take long before Sherlock was grinding his knot into the sensitive flesh of John’s anus. He needed to knot to come, and he was eager to do both. John rotated his hips, angling and stretching to allow the penetration. At length, with a triumphant ‘squelch’ Sherlock’s knot popped through the tight ring of muscle.
“Sussex,” Sherlock said. His expression became pensive. “Sussex?”
“I…thank you.”
Sherlock settled between John’s thighs, hiking the omega’s thighs up and guiding John’s legs around his ribs. He slipped inside his mate’s body—still open and a little wet from their feverish coupling the night before…right after Kit had gone to bed.
Sherlock was breathing heavily, but he was hesitant. He knew, roughly, what he needed. He probed between John’s arse cheeks with tentative fingers.
“Please. Thanks.”
John grinned and glanced over his shoulder. “Mr. Blue Skull here knew, didn’t you, mate?” He faced Sherlock once more. “The world’s only consulting detective is a bit of a softy, really.”
“Oh, I don’t think—” she began.
“Better?” he asked gently, pressing another kiss to Sherlock’s slightly parted lips.
John slid to the pavement. The last thing he saw before everything went black was the bloodied face of the man he loved.
John was stuffing paperwork into his bag with more force than was necessary, strictly speaking. He was in a mood, as Sherlock would call it. Though as far as John was concerned right at the moment, Sherlock could sod right off.
Sherlock sucked at John’s earlobe as he guided his cock in. John sighed with deep satisfaction as his mate filled him.
Nearly ten minutes later, Sherlock reappeared.
“For the first two years, I drank and made use of an omega sex doll. It was unsatisfactory.”
He waited patiently. Generally, information like this was intended as conversation—John didn’t always expect a response, but sometimes he appreciated it. It was usually best, though, to see if he had anything more to add.
“Love some.” John smiled up at him, twining their fingers together. “Thank you.”
Kit nodded and smiled up at his daddy. “S’good. Like it.” He took another bite and hummed happily. “Fuzzy.”
“Good! Then maybe we can all just get on with it now,” Sherlock groused.
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.”
“Why did you ever get mixed up with that madman?”
John followed, only now considering the ramifications of his decision on the platform. Perhaps he’d been too hasty. He really didn’t have any reason to trust the handsome stranger, still clutching the small package.
"Mr. Huang," John greeted his long-time patient, a middle-aged man from only a few streets over. He'd been a commercial driver before migraines and altered vision took his license. "How are you today?"
John nodded, suddenly so exhausted that he could barely support his own weight.
“It’s a liability. A chemical defect. A disadvantage.”
“Oh, right. That’s good, I guess,” John said. His eyes narrowed as he considered this. “Exactly who is your brother?”
Sherlock snorted a little. “Why do doctors and nurses always say that?”
"Thank you. I'm meeting someone—he has a reservation."
The paternity shirt was a good colour for Greg (the deep amethyst was very nice with his salt and pepper hair), but it was a bit too full across the shoulders and chest. The pinstriped charcoal trousers were fine, though. They fit Greg well and the straight cut legs gave no hint of the elastic panel at the waist.
“Omegas can go back into cycle earlier. I checked.”
“Oh my god…”
“No.”
“I see. Then I’m not sure how much I will be able to do for him. I can’t treat an unwilling patient.”
Soon enough, with the intro filmed outside, Michael was leading them through the main floor rooms of the house. Sherlock tried to pay attention to the discussion—and to where the cameras were—and make the appropriate noises at the appropriate times. He followed John through a cozy sitting room, a full formal dining room, library and period kitchen before Michael took them back to the front foyer.
John nodded and moved awkwardly to the overstuffed red armchair Sherlock indicated. He fell into it, now suddenly very aware of the grinding pain in his thigh. He rubbed at the knotted muscle with a clenched fist, unreasonably angry at his body’s betrayal. And at such a time.
John was home.
Mary clasped his hand between both of her own. “It’s a real privilege. I hope we’ll have the chance to chat a bit more about your work with gender dysphoria. And I’d love to hear more about your family.”
“Dismissed," John mumbled sarcastically, shaking his head. "Lovely to see you, Mycroft. Always a pleasure.”
“Good.”
“Shhh, I know,” Sherlock soothed. He sucked at the tender flesh beneath John’s ear and his fingers brushed over John’s nipples.
He grasped Sherlock’s cock—very hard and leaking pre-come—and began to stroke. “Oh, god, Sherlock.”
“Good day?”
John laughed with her, feeling a little more at ease. It was comforting to know that in spite of the way he'd treated her, she hadn't held a grudge.
“That’s it,” Sherlock encouraged. “You get settled; I’ll be right behind you.”
"With me sick and money being tight, my wife and I haven't...we've not been doing too well."
“Coming, John,” Sherlock assured him. He took a handful of boxes from the bag and set them on John’s nightstand before sitting down next to John’s hip. “Deliveries arrived while I was downstairs. I just had to put the ready meals away.”
“How do you feel about it?” John asked. “This will mean more time away from the work. More mess around the house—not that you would notice their clutter. More of my time taken up.”
“John…”
John exhaled heavily. “All right. Okay. I guess I’ll just go, then.” He turned for the door and paused. “Thank you.”
“How? How can it be? You’ve taken to wanking in the shower by yourself!”
Fifteen years. It had been fifteen years.
Above him, John gasped, grabbing at Sherlock’s shoulders to remain upright. “Oh, Sherlock. Your mouth…fuck, fuck, fuck…”
At length, he reached the edge of the park. It was nearly dark now, though there were lights on tonight. Once more, he allowed his imagination to wander. He pictured Sherlock — handsome and robust — pacing vigorously down one of the paths and disappearing into the park. John moved to follow his fantasy.
“Here?”
The banging on the door caused Mary to jerk to a stiff upright position. She froze with the serving spoon in her hand.
“Dunno. It’s what they tell us to say.”
At least that was what Sherlock told himself later, in the cab.
“So are you two gearing up for Em’s big day?” John asked.
“Oh, lovely. Thank you,” Sherlock said. “You go and get your bag and I will see you both for lunch.”
John shook his head and chuckled. “Well, she did say the place had amenities.”
“I have to be strong for Kit.”
“No,” Sherlock grunted. “Continue.”
"Sorry. It’s just…"
Sherlock relaxed into John’s arms. He grew quiet—he was processing, John knew. At length, he whispered, “Why didn’t you tell me about this before? The gray—”
John paid the man and hovered nearby as the antique was carefully packaged and then wrapped in bright paper. When he took the bag, he felt a renewed sense of purpose—it was only a token, but it was very personal. Intimate. It would help him show Sherlock how important their bond was to him. Hopefully, their conversation would be a little easier with this to start from.
“And I want you.” Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and swung his feet up at lie down beside John. He tugged the old quilt up and over them as he did.
“No, seriously. I want to know what you think. You’re the expert.”
Sherlock stared at the painting. It was just a head, stripped bare of all of life’s masks. It had no heart.
John was moving now, unbuttoning Sherlock’s coat and shoving it off his shoulders. Sherlock neither helped nor hindered this casual removal of his clothes, searching John’s face as the man worked.
“Just great,” John replied cheerfully. He stood and took his own jacket from Angelo’s extended hand.
Sherlock gazed down between their bodies at John, his cheeks beautifully flushed. In a flurry of limbs, he’d reversed his position and was climbing over John. He settled between John’s thighs with a wicked grin. “I’ll finish what I’ve started,” he rumbled. “I want you to come in my mouth.”
“Calm down,” John whispered, a smile plastered on his face for the benefit of the camera crew milling around them. “This is just how television works. A lot of hurry up and wait.”
John reached for Sherlock, but he was already backing away.
“You’ve got a psychosomatic limp. Of course you’ve got a therapist. Then there’s your brother.”
They could have parted after the five searing days of their season had passed. John would have been disappointed, but he would have understood. Sherlock was very young and very inexperienced, and they hardly knew one another. And yet there was something…
“Well?” Lestrade asked.
John stood, decision made. He started slowly toward the chair and picked up the jumper he’d discarded earlier. “Right. Of course. I’ll be right there. Give me the address…”
Sherlock pondered this. “But I like having sex with you.”
Sherlock held his breath.
“Altered? But…”
“Clean. I’m clean,” Sherlock grunted.
John was waiting, desperately needing a kiss, by the time Sherlock’s head reached the pillows beside his own. They tasted one another softly.
“Not really.” He shrugged. “I suppose I’m a little out of practice at this.”
John had told Mycroft he would look after Sherlock, which he knew hadn’t been in any doubt. He told himself he was going to rebuild his relationship with his best friend. Also true—they had a whole new relationship to sort out.
Greg nodded again, still looking stricken.
John Watson was lovely in sleep. The hard lines of his face softened. The sandy grey hair, which was normally neatly combed to within an inch of its life—was mussed from Sherlock's fingers. The straight spine and formal bearing of his military muscle memory eased, and his body bent to the shape of their soft mattress.
“It will help me understand how you feel about sex, and about your rut.”
“And what else will you do down here, to fill the time?”
Sherlock laughed, too, dropping his head back against the wall. “No, I suppose not.”
John smirked into his next mouthful of supper. He nearly choked on it when Sherlock’s hand slipped under the tablecloth and began sliding up his thigh. He looked at his mate with wide eyes. Sherlock, seated without self-consciousness at the head of the table, leaned in so he could tuck his fingers beneath the swell of John’s tummy to fondle his cock through his trousers.
John stood and smoothed his loose-fitting white t-shirt over his belly. He smiled a little at the thought of the life growing there. He had never imagined that he would want to give birth to or raise children, but now he couldn’t imagine his life any other way. He smiled at himself in the mirror before opening the door to join his family.
“Sherlock, about what we were talking about before—the kids.”
Sherlock grunted his acknowledgement and suckled at the head of John’s cock.
He rubbed his hand over his eyes and yawned. He turned and regarded his handsome alpha, still wearing the dark green shirt and navy trousers he’d put on that morning. “Are you planning to sleep tonight?”
Kit scrambled up into his booster seat at the table while John manoeuvred Drew into his highchair. “Bike ardobate Yoda.”
“Is that him?” John asked.
John smiled at that. “But he did help. And you did the clearing up.”
“John.”
He hurried from the restaurant, offering Angelo a hasty farewell, and pulled his coat tightly closed in front of him. He waited for John to join him on the pavement, and shivered at the chill as it hit his overheated skin. He had never felt anything like this before. It was amazing, but also disconcerting. At some point, he knew he would be overwhelmed. That was very clear now.
“I should be fine.”
“Oh, well, good for you,” Sherlock praised, patting the boy’s head awkwardly. The child’s hair was soft. And he smelled a bit like anxiety, which gave Sherlock the most unnerving impulse to protect him. “Perhaps…perhaps some day when you’re feeling better you and your friends could come by Baker Street and see some of my experiments.”
Sherlock stared back at him, tears drying on his cheeks. John hesitated for a moment—hoping—before Sherlock turned away to look back out the window.
John rounded the corner of the alley and was brought up short by a pile of Blitz rubble. Cursing, he turned back the other way and dashed ahead. As he came upon another cross street, he spied the tails of Sherlock’s long coat as they disappeared into a doorway.
John sidled even closer, one hand curled over Sherlock’s thigh. He nuzzled into the dark hair and whispered, “Your exquisite bum. Your lovely—” John kissed his cheek. “Perfect—” Another kiss. “Bitable bum.”
“You are an extraordinary man, John Watson.”
Sherlock whined and arched his hips toward the lovely sensation.
“Of course. Quite right. Very professional.”
Sherlock looked puzzled. “What do you mean?”
“Mary had an employer she feared far more than she fears Magnussen. The thing is, we suspect that somehow someone from Moriarty’s network is still controlling her.”
“Well, Mike Stamford is managing partner in the practice now, but I do still take appointments two mornings a week.” John’s brow furrowed and he dropped his voice. “Are you all right?”
“I had to completely re-invent myself to survive. I turned myself into my brother to cope and yet, still—”
“And,” Sherlock continued, clearing his throat. His blush deepened. “That is, I…I found you…I thought you were very…”
“No!” John exclaimed, laying a restraining hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Not at all—please don’t think that. I — ” John looked down at where his hand was resting. Sherlock did, too. The hand lingered, perhaps for a moment too long, before John removed it. He met Sherlock’s eyes. “We should talk about it. The…thing.”
“No dream. I’m here with you and I am never letting you go.”
“Yes.”
“Come on in, Sherl. You too, John. Kettle’s just boiled.”
want to play with you.”
John rolled into the side of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock stroked slowly over his taut nipples, mouthing over his neck and chest.
“I suppose,” John answered. He turned through the school gate and out onto the pavement, Sherlock keeping pace beside him. “Why?”
“More like it,” John said brusquely.
“He was,” Greg confirmed. “I really thought I was beyond this. I didn’t think it could happen to me this late on.”
Sherlock’s thighs shook with the effort of keeping himself upright. He gazed down in wonder as John tasted him. He was shocked at the few drops of moisture gathering in his slit, but John didn’t seem to mind.
“Yes,” Sherlock drawled. “And that begs the question: Why exactly is he selling up?”
“Kindest man I’ve ever met.”
John trudged home from the tube station, already feeling too warm and a little achy. He’d calculated that his heat would begin Saturday morning, but it seemed his body had other ideas. It was a good thing, really, that Lucy had wanted to leave early and he didn’t have any late patients.
He spent the better part of the day working on his book. He was fortunate that a publisher had expressed interest early on. The contract gave him a pleasant (if not substantial) advance and meant that he had editorial support from the start. He kept his phone on as he worked and, sure enough, at about two in the afternoon there was a text from Sherlock with a reservation and an address.
“Damn!” Sherlock exclaimed, suddenly bolting to his feet.
“Kit, my precious boy, this is your papa,” he said, his voice gruff. “You go to him now.”
Sherlock shrugged again, watching with interest as John’s phone buzzed.
Sherlock gazed at him with heavy lidded eyes. His lips had been kissed pink and were a little parted as he panted his need. “J-john. Feels soooooo-oh good.”
“You look very nice,” Sherlock said simply.
“You remember when Drew was in my tummy?” John asked softly.
“Sherlock? Oh, god. Mary?”
“There is an ambulance coming back in two hours,” I replied. “We’ll go then.”
“Yes, there is. And we have a lot to discuss,” John said.
“Mummy,” Mycroft started. “Gregory knows his own mind. If he doesn’t want any more…”
“Sherlock—”
“He hated JOHN that much,” Janine laughed. “Honestly, Sherl. You’re hopeless! Jimmy was so jealous of John he could hardly see straight. He wanted you all to himself. Wanted your attention and your praise—even your hate. He just wanted all of you. And you had your little doctor pet. Drove him mad.”
“Do you want me to —?”
“Yes.” It was a weak whining noise in the back of Sherlock’s throat.
“I have some fresh scones from Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock’s breath caught a little.
“I know.”
“Don’t be so literal, Mr. Holmes,” Lombardi said cheerfully, standing and striding toward them. “Oh, yes, I know who you are.” He smoothed a hand over the package. “The only thing one needs to produce an alibi is—”
“I can…I can come home?”
“She’s really pink, Daddy.”
“I know we didn’t have any choices just then,” John said huskily. “I still wish you hadn’t had to go through that.”
John nodded, fighting to keep the tears from his eyes. He stood back and watched as Sherlock’s litter was picked up and carried out to the waiting truck. The tall man paused beside him as Sherlock was loaded into the back.
John moved one hand from behind his back to comb fingers through Sherlock’s hair. He tousled and stroked the curls, winding them around his hand and then releasing them to start again. Sherlock instinctively leaned into the caress, eyes closing with the delicious sensation of John’s hand against his scalp. Just as he was beginning to drift, the fingers tightened painfully. John held fast to a fistful of dark waves and tugged sharply, tilting Sherlock’s head back.
John’s lip twitched.
"Quite right, I do." Jeanette smiled at him. It was a smile that still had the power to take John's breath away. "Say, I don't suppose you'd fancy getting a coffee or something sometime? I'm back in London after a few years away and I'm still getting my bearings. It would be nice to have a friend in town."
“Not at all. He’s probably right — I should be celebrating.”
Sherlock tried to ignore his increased heart rate as he watched John’s body, taut with rage, and flexing fists. “You’re a little dog with a big bark,” he sneered. “You’re not even a real soldier! You’re just a glorified medi —”
John licked his lips. “Really? You — you don’t mind?”
Greg was staring down at his still-flat abdomen in wonder. “I can’t believe it.”
John snuggled into his lover’s warm body, delighting in the deft touch of Sherlock’s fingers in his hair. He pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s chest and began to drift.
“Did I stutter?”
“I think it’s fantastic,” he said finally. “If this is what will make you happy, then nothing else matters.”
Baz raised a brow at this. “Well, even so, you need to rest and give your wound a chance to heal properly. You’ve got a much longer road ahead than he does.”
John stretched up and pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s cheek. “Unequivocally. Come on, you. Bed.” He steered them to the door, allowing Sherlock to lean on him a little and take the weight off his injured leg.
“Can’t help it—want you so much…”
“It’s a story my brother told me when we were kids. The East Wind, this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path, seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the earth. That was generally me.”
Mycroft ceded the car seat handle to his younger brother so he could turn and embrace his mate properly. He petted Greg’s hair and let him cry softly for a few minutes. John was about to suggest that they leave the new parents in peace when Will and Kit popped in from the back garden.
The midwife continued into the room and went about clearing away the soiled sheets and his own equipment.
John swallowed around the lump in his throat, patting his son’s back gently. “Thank you, my sweet boy.”
“It was a calculated risk.”
John pressed his hand into his mouth to keep from crying out as the boy immediately settled. And fell into a deep sleep.
"Just one. My daughter, Rosie."
“WHY? Why would he leave his wife and his children?” Sherlock turned on John, wide-eyed.
John tamped down on irritation. “You know you did.”
“I will,” John said softly. “Promise.”
“Promise.”
“And you are going to tell me everything,” John said.
“Oh, no. No,” John said swiftly, instantly feeling guilty. “I don’t…” He released a ragged breath. “Even though we didn’t plan this one, it is still our child.” He covered his stomach with both hands reflexively. “And it’s not your fault. I should have been more aware, and had supplies in the house.”
Sherlock watched the man in question approaching them with a critical eye. “Funny, but I always thought your tastes ran in quite a different direction.”
“Oh, god, neither can I.”
John dropped his head into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, sucking in a lungful of Sherlock’s scent. “Thank you, thank you.”
“Jesus.”
“Sherlock, you know how I was complaining about bed rest before?”
“Why?”
“And if you decided one day that you didn’t want to have sex ever again, I would still love you. Our bond is about so much more than that.”
He couldn’t have imagined the wonderful sensation of John’s firm mouth pressed to his own, settled so possessively over Sherlock’s bottom lip. Or the wonderful scrape of stubbly chins. Or the tentative brush of John’s tongue over the seam of his lips. Or the taste of John Watson…Oh, god, the taste of John Watson.
“Hello, you,” she said, smiling.
John sat up with a grin. “Well, some people enjoy it, but they’re not all omegas. Or female betas. It’s nice that we no longer have to like things or behave in a particular way based on the bits we were born with. It was one of the things that drew me to gender medicine, actually; helping young people figure out who they are. Offering them options. Like you.”
Greg turned on his heel to make his way up to John’s room when the kitchen door suddenly swung open.
John screamed as Sherlock pushed through the last barrier, driving his knot inside John’s slick passage. At the very same moment, John felt the sharp sting of Sherlock’s teeth at his throat, binding them together. He spent himself all over their nest as Sherlock flooded him from within.
Sherlock rummaged through his memories, trying to pinpoint the exact moment when John’s voice had become more dominant than any other. But it had happened so gradually—while he’d been away. His mind had begun filling in for the lack of John’s presence while he was off hunting down Moriarty’s network.
John nodded, arms crossed over his chest. “And I’m not going to pretend that didn’t hurt. I’ve been worried, and I wish you’d felt you could confide in me about your sister. But…maybe that’s a discussion for later. Once you’ve had time to regroup.”
“Always a possibility.”
Sherlock’s blush deepened. “I—don’t—I can’t help it.”
Upstairs, he quickly located the room where Sherlock had been locked in. He sucked in several deep breaths and then turned the key that had been left in the lock. He pushed the door wide and was immediately assaulted by the overwhelming pungency of Sherlock’s scent.
“Mmmmm—my favourite,” Kit enthused.
Holmes looked down at John, his expression icy. “I wouldn’t like to be you once that call has been made, believe me.”
“I know. I know—honestly, I never thought I would be that kind of breeder. Never.” He shook his head. “My mum always worked, though I know she gave up lots of other things. And it was good, you know? We never felt we missed out. And she was happy. She was doing something she liked and was good at. We were proud of her. I just always thought I’d do the same.”
“Off we go!” he said, knowing full well that Drew didn’t really understand and was already half asleep. “We’re going to see gran and granddad. And Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Greg. You are a very lucky boy—you have a new little cousin. Her name is Emmeline Margaret, and I have a feeling you two are going to be fast friends.”
“She’ll be big and strong, just like you two,” John said, his voice a little thick. “My beautiful boys.”
“Shower?”
He dipped his head and covered John’s mouth with his own. He parted his lips, greedily asking for the plundering invasion of John’s tongue. John moaned into his mouth, wrapping himself around Sherlock’s naked body. They sucked and drew on each other — meeting, parting and meeting again — with a hunger as though they both had been long starved.
“I’m going to call the police,” John continued evenly, taking his phone out and dialing 999. “But I promise you, he’s doing the right thing.”
“Does that count as flirting?” Sherlock whispered, with their mouths still only centimetres apart.
“The truth is…” John felt the words sticking in his throat. He had never been very good at this sort of thing.
There was no answer. John’s eyes began to drift closed.
“Do you?” John asked, incredulous. “I’ll get fat and ungainly, Sherlock. I won’t be able to go on cases for months. I’ll develop small breasts to feed our child. I’ll likely be nauseated for the first trimester and have indigestion for the whole of the third. I’ll have mood swings. I’ll probably get stretch marks.” John stared at his hands.
Zafeera studied him. “I think probably you are.”
John crouched down to place a kiss on Kit’s messy curls. He stood, shifting Drew to one hip. Sherlock stood, too, and leaned in for a kiss.
Sherlock's eyes crinkled at the corners. "Relax, John. I know Chef Tell—he is a master of classic French cuisine. There will be plenty for you to enjoy."
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed now. Was John being facetious?
__________________________
For his own growing confidence, he owed a debt to the wise counsel of his father-in-law. Will had very quickly assured him that no first-time parent—whatever they might say—felt equipped. Certainly no first time parent thought they were getting it all right.
you?”
“We can discuss it later. For now I need to trace the three unknown stains on the victim’s jacket.”
Sherlock took the baby from John, marvelling at how willingly the baby reached for him. Kit wasted no time, wrapping his chubby arms around Sherlock’s neck and pushing his little nose up against Sherlock’s scent gland.
Sherlock raised a brow.
“JOHN!”
“How can you
“My brother’s, if you wouldn’t mind,” Sherlock replied. He leaned his one, precious, rescued item against the car and bent to pull on the borrowed footwear.
“No.” John lifted his chin to meet the icy blue eyes. “I have never…I mean there was someone in the past, but I didn’t…I’ve never allowed myself to…” John squirmed with the discomfort of discussing such a sensitive topic.
“Who are you?”
“Would you like some tea, John?” With the doctor’s curt nod, Mycroft smiled at his assistant. “That will be all for now, Penelope. Thank you.”
“Nnnnnnnnno.”
Baz studied him a moment, then sighed. “All right. But you are not getting out of this bed.”
“No?”
John held his ground, standing for his alpha and waiting to be scented. Sherlock reached him in three long strides and stopped just shy of touching him. Sherlock bent his head to John’s scent gland and snuffled appreciatively. John did likewise, eyes rolling back in his head with the rush of endorphins that flooded his system along with Sherlock’s heady aroma.
John returned to the door and opened it; surprised to find Sherlock’s old friend — and manager of the restaurant they had visited that evening — waiting there.
“Well done,” John said coldly. “Very astute. Spot on.”
“I-I want to apologize for my behaviour. Before,” Sherlock started, ignoring the question. “I am not — I have never been very good with people. I sometimes blurt things out when I notice them, without thinking. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
A glimmer of hope is all to quickly extinguished.
John padded into the room, which had been completely transformed by soft fabrics and dim lights. As during their first heat, Sherlock had built a nest on their bed out of his own clothing and bedding that smelled like him. John reached out for it, suddenly desperate to be surrounded by his alpha.
At least that's what Sherlock told himself in quiet moments.
It took mere seconds for John to abandon a professional effort at a take down in favour of fighting techniques that were considerably dirtier. But that was not unexpected.
“For you,” John sighed. “All for you.” He pressed his hardening cock into Sherlock’s thigh.
“But he didn’t.”
“I’m going to keep him sedated as long as I can.”
John rushed to free Sherlock and wrap his own fingers around the fat head of his alpha’s cock. He faltered a little as Sherlock dropped his brow to rest against John’s and let their bodies fall together. Sherlock had widened his stance, to better line up with John’s shorter frame, and pressed him back into the counter.
“I am, yeah. Are you?”
John was still gasping, still shaking, when Sherlock finally kissed his way back up John’s body.
"Tasting menus?" John queried.
He’d stepped in, cupped John’s delightful square jaw in both hands, and drawn him up. He’d happily slotted his fuller bottom lip between both of John’s as naturally as though he’d been doing it for years, and hummed his pleasure at the warm, moist pressure.
Oh, Sherlock had all sorts of technical knowledge. Anatomical diagrams, maps of the human nervous system and research into human erogenous zones all resided within the walls of the Mind Palace. Practical experience, though, was another story.
Hastings nodded, his expression solemn. “That’s unfortunate.”
“Shot in the dark. Good one, though,” Sherlock grinned. “It was the power connection; tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.” He drained his coffee cup and glanced about at the empty lounge car. “There you go, you see. You were right.”
“Sherlock?”
Some ten minutes later, Sherlock sat on the edge of his bed in his dressing gown regarding his still-catatonic lover. He had brought John’s clothing down from the spare room and redressed John in it. He put the uniform in with his washing — he would return it to John’s things upstairs once it was clean.
and his sidearm.
“Papa?”
“Meeting at the office today, remember?”
“I have a question,” John said softly.
John snapped back in his seat, eyes wide. His mouth opened and closed twice—like a bloody carp—and then…
Sherlock glanced around for something to use. The soldier beside him was tugging on something at her waist as she pressed on a wound above her eye.
“Come along, boys,” she prompted, prodding at her husband. “I think it’s time we stopped for a cup of tea.”
“Love, longing, heartbreak,” Sherlock said, suddenly feeling very awkward. “Not exactly—”
“You're close, aren't you?”
“Well, hello,” John crooned. He pulled Sherlock close once more and kissed a trail down his belly. He lapped gently at the head of Sherlock’s penis. “Aren’t you lovely?”
The two men emerged from Sherlock’s room carrying the dead weight of Dr. John Watson between them. Sherlock bit his lip as he watched them shuffling John’s not inconsiderable weight. John was a short man, but sturdy and compact. He was unassuming, perhaps, but strong and handsome and…
“I thought that showed remarkable forbearance on my part, given his role in my ‘downfall,’” Sherlock groused. “And then he showed up with Mycroft to search my flat for drugs! I have no interest in the man and his bizarre conclave. I certainly couldn’t have predicted he would throw his whole life away.” Sherlock fiddled with his tea cup. “Why would he do it?”
"John?" Mycroft addressed the figure sitting in his own chair.
“God, yes!”
Sherlock took Drew and handed him off to Mrs. H while Kit slid from the sofa and took her hand.
“Oh.” Sherlock scanned his memory for any traces, but it was quickly obvious he’d either deleted the programme or not paid any attention when watching it in the first place. “What’s the premise?”
“Well, we’ll have a lot to do, getting you moved into my flat when we get back to London. And then there will be all the paperwork from all of this. I could do with a mini-break to Cornwall.”
“Yes. Open your eyes for me.”
John hesitated. “What for?”
“What’s that?” John asked, looking up from the magazine resting on his bump.
“Sir…” Sherlock was shaking and buried his face in the bed. The depth of his desire — his body’s wanton weakness — was humiliating, but it was his John. Too much would never be enough.
He shifted one shoulder blade. “Captain?”
John groaned and pulled the covers up and over his head. “Go to sleep, Sherlock,” he begged.
“I suppose.” Sherlock pulled John close once more, resting his chin on the top of John’s head.
John stared at the man, biting his tongue to keep from blurting out what he was thinking:
“There isn’t?” Sherlock tried to keep the terror from his voice. “Are you saying…no?”
“Obviously.”
“He’s dead.”
John was smiling up at him. “I’m really not bothered.”
“No. Have I watched it?”
“No, please. I’m sorry. Wait!”
“He’s fine,” Baz said. “I was in twenty minutes ago and everything looks fine. The surgery went really well, so we expect him to make a quick recovery.”
“This?” Sherlock smiled back, unable to resist in spite of his mood. He’d been distracted since the Adler case began, and probably more than a little short-tempered with his flatmate. He knew he shouldn’t be.
John grunted his approval, grinding his aching cock into Sherlock’s bare hip. He teased a finger underneath Sherlock’s foreskin, stretching the soft tissue and caressing the hard flesh beneath. Sherlock writhed against him.
John rested back onto his right arm and reached down with his left hand to smooth over Sherlock's belly. He continued teasing kisses as he slipped his fingers down into the thatch of dark curls at Sherlock's groin. Sherlock gasped as John's fist closed around him.
John replied, wishing there really was such a thing as a sarcastic font.
“Kit will be an alpha.”
John relaxed a little. “Well, yes. Don’t be upset. It’s an omega thing.”
“Yup,” John replied firmly. “Your brother is having a bit of a wobble, so we’re going to go and help him get ready to bring Greg and Emmeline home. Your mum and dad and his PA are already there, so we’re mostly moral support.”
“I don’t see what that has to do with anything!”
“Shit!” John released Sherlock and bent to retrieve the painting. “I’m sorry. I know how much this means to you.” He set the piece down on the chair.
,” he growled before latching on to Sherlock’s enticingly long, pale neck with his lips.
“Shut up.”
John promptly takes up the West case again, interviewing his fiancée. They walk out of her flat and run in to her brother.
“That’s not the point,” Watson insists a bit weaker.
“Yeah, you’d have to be mad to help,” John laughed and shook his head at his own madness, but was also relieved at the thought that nothing had happened between the two men.
Due to family being around for the next million years, I'll most likely be posting each chapter (just one a day, now) earlier in the day for you guys...at least until Saturday or Sunday. Then I go back to work and they'll be posted a bit later again.
he corrects - feelings, “You know you’d do the same; I’d get far too bored and start causing trouble if you didn’t keep an eye on me.”
“Sherlock!” John barked, hiding a smile.
“We need to call you an ambulance,” he says, looking around the room for his phone with an air of panic.
So the last tube was detached somewhere along the way. Why? Because it’s the weapon. They remember the date and make the connection to the infamous attempt of Guy Fawkes all those years ago. They contact the hat client from earlier, with all of his train knowledge, who discovers that there is, in fact, a stop between Westminster and St. James that was never opened. The boys head there straight away.
“But you’re a doctor,” Sherlock stated in confusion, “Shouldn’t you be comfortable talking about the human body and its processes?”
“Neither.”
On screen, Sherlock demands that John and Dr. Stapleton leave the room so that he can go in to his Mind Palace undisturbed, thus finally figuring out the significance of “Liberty”, “In”, and “H.O.U.N.D.”
“Yes.”
It wasn't that he minded people knowing, he told himself as he strode from the building. Not at all. It was just that what he shared with John was not something that should be considered extraordinary. Most people loved, didn't they? It was common; part of the human experience. Even expected.
Sherlock pulled off John’s cock with a slurp. “Patience, my love.” He shifted John’s hips up, dropping John’s legs over his shoulders, and mouthed over John’s small testicles. He suckled and teased for a moment and then nosed into John’s cleft. He dragged his tongue over the saturated and swollen hole.
“Hmmm.”
“Where was I?” Sherlock asked.
“Holmes.”
John shrugged. “I don’t, really. I mean, I don’t know him, do I? He’s just someone off the telly, and he happens to be a decent presenter.”
“I know.”
“Bedside table.”
“I know.”
“Or mine. Up to you. Is that—” John hesitated. “Is that okay?”
Wishful thinking, that’s all it was. It had been ages since any alpha other than his mate had displayed more than a passing interest in him. Which was fine.
“I said, I want to make a call.”
“Oh, yeah?”
John smiled. “What about Moriarty?”
“We can talk about it later.”
Sherlock was still flushed and a bit disoriented. He frowned at Angelo’s knowing eyebrow waggle in his direction. Yet somehow a modicum of embarrassment did nothing to flag his arousal. He stood and took his coat, turning abruptly to face the wall to put it on.
“Isn’t this something a nurse would do?” Sherlock drawled.
“He isn’t addicted yet, thank god,” Holmes sighed. “He is stubborn and petulant, but he is my brother. I worry about him. Constantly.”
“Shhh,” Sherlock soothed. “Rest now. I’ll be here when you wake. Promise.”
almost died himself, and didn’t have to imagine what those “last” moments might be like.
“Five days. Maybe a week.”
Kit nodded enthusiastically and licked his lips. “Mmm-hmm.”
“Even this,” John assured him, chasing his words with a soft kiss. He drew the man into a hug and waited.
Sherlock followed, quickly recalculating his approach.
In truth, it made absolutely no difference at all.
“They’re bad, but localized. They should heal, with time. Honestly, though, I don’t know how he survived getting here with the broken ribs and the bleeding from his other injuries.”
“Can we have fish and chips for lunch?”
“I won’t, sir.”
John looked puzzled for a moment before his expression cleared. At that moment, comprehension lit his handsome face and he beamed at Sherlock.
“Why don’t we head back and revisit those sleeping arrangements?”
“You…you’ve forgotten something, haven’t you?” Holmes asked tremulously. He peeked at John over his shoulder again, turning his face this time until he could look John in the eye.
They both sat, Sherlock in his chair and Molly on the sofa.
John pressed a hand to Sherlock’s brow. “Oh, god. You’re burning up.”
“Convenient?” John offered. “Gullible?”
“Months!” the handsome stranger interrupted. “It’s not an easy life, loving a soldier.” He winked at the woman and she giggled.
John sighed and undid the zip. He pulled it apart and peered within.
“It was. Drew is going to be exhausted tomorrow, but it was such a good day. Thanks, love.”
“No,” Sherlock concurred. “You’re a busy doctor and detective’s assistant who has a toddler to care for. You can’t possibly do everything on your own. This is me helping.”
“You are so beautiful like this,” John murmured, now gazing into Sherlock’s eyes. “I can’t wait to see you come.”
“Sylvia, I have two kids and two careers,” John said. “How am I supposed to just put my feet up and do nothing?”
“You're such a romantic,” Sherlock huffed, trying—and failing—to sound bored by the whole thing.
The shouting, as always, preceded Kit’s entrance into the room. He was an exuberant and utterly engaging child—so full of curiosity for the world (like his papa) that John couldn’t help but share his enthusiasm. John had been attempting to get Kit to practice his ‘indoor voice’ though, when he’d started going to nursery school weekday mornings. Sherlock was still proving less than helpful on that score.
Finally, Sherlock began to droop. John drew him down into the circle of his arms. He kissed Sherlock’s brow, over his eyelids and down over his cheeks.
Sherlock froze, unable to believe he was actually hearing John say those words.
“I love you, too.”
“Where is this coming from?”
John started as the kettle snapped off. He filled his mug and stirred in the instant coffee (he as not as fussy as some) and grabbed one of the bananas he had purchased the day before. Fortunately, they were still in tact and uncontaminated. He pulled out one of the kitchen chairs and sat heavily.
Holmes entered the flat looking worn from travel with his suitcase in hand. Upon meeting my gaze, his entire manner became more relaxed as a smile overtook his face.
“You’ve never had a cuddle?” John asks unbelieving.
“Lestrade?” John winced, “Gregory Lestrade. He’s a detective Insp--”
That’s the end of it. Merely ten pages to spare in this small journal that carries so much weight within it.
Throughout the opening, Greg and Sally bemoan not being able to convict the Waters family for the crimes they’ve been committing, and decide that the only way it will happen is to catch them in the act. As they travel through time, they have finally set up a trap to do just that, but Sherlock keeps texting Greg asking for his help.
but he doesn’t even have the chance to finish the statement before she’s gone again. He turns back to Sherlock with a sigh and a
John feels a wave of sadness wash through him to realize how vulnerable the other man truly is. How could he have never seen it before?
“I was off to see Mary,” Watson corrects quietly.
smile and shoulder shrug before taking a drink from the new glass.
don’t know!” Holmes responds, offended at the accusation.
“You can’t be serious,” Sherlock deadpans, this not really being his type of dancing.
“No,” Sherlock’s voice boomed through the door, “I’m fine, perfectly capable of packing for myself, thank you very much.”
“Oh God, please, Sherlock,” he whines, hiding his face against Sherlock’s, “Do
“Fuck, that’s sexy,” John smiles devilishly, surging up to claim Sherlock’s mouth again hungrily.
“No,” Watson says calmly still staring at the stain, “we’ve moved on from it and I want to see how they managed it.”
Holmes, with remote in hand, locks eyes with Watson. It’s a question…a request for permission. Watson merely nods and turns to the screen, breathing deeply to steady his nerves.
“Then the camera stays,” Sherlock says with confident finality, pleased with his perception of having won the debate, “Besides, you could be a biased narrator and my results need absolute proof. I can’t believe I let even one experiment go without thinking of this.”
“Case,” he groaned as he nudged John, “Poplar. Double murder.”
Sherlock snorts and ducks his head once more, hiding his smile from all but John. John smirks in triumph even as a few heads turn in their direction again.
“I saw you standing over here all alone, and I just thought…” but she doesn’t get any further as Sherlock returns and nonchalantly hands John his new glass of bubbly. John watches as her eyes take in the not-the-same-shade-of-blue-but-might-as-well-be compliments of his and Sherlock’s outfits before she’s stuttering out an apology, “Oh, I’m so sorry! I had no idea.”
After one of our last dance lessons, you goaded me in to admitting that I love you as you were stalling to leave. You played it off as a light hearted joke (
“You and John both forgave exceedingly quickly,” Holmes observes.
Well, you
“Are we supposed to believe that John has gone this long, sitting down in
“How did Moriarty accomplish these shots?” Watson asks, “This isn’t stalker footage, this is a cinematic flashback. There’s no way Sherlock or John agreed to film this…is there?”
Cut to John – now with a moustache – standing at Sherlock’s grave again. Someone approaches and grabs his hand.
“Yes,” John agreed again, moving his mouth slightly higher to kiss it lightly once more.
“He did make a rather elegant rocking horse,” Sherlock begrudgingly admitted before waving his hands, “Enough! Enough of this.”
“No,” Sherlock whispers, looking bashful, “I’ve never been interested before...well...until recently.”
“Boys, meet Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock: the boys,” he smiles brightly, and Sherlock is glad to see that it’s genuine.
“Sherlock.”
John’s cheeks went scarlet at the conversation, but Mr. Holmes looked incredibly pleased.
“A stranger with a blindfold.”
“And did you talk to him first? Or just demand he whips his impressive willy out?” Lestrade asked, raising an eyebrow as though already aware of the answer.
Watson understands now, of course, has never questioned it since. Whether the talk opened Holmes’ eyes to how he comes across or some other stroke of fate, he tends to hide his compassion less frequently, at least from Watson.
Henry briefly describes the beauty of Dartmoor before Sherlock cuts him off, far too impatient to be considerate. Henry keeps giving too many details for Sherlock’s taste, as though he’s attempting to make it more of an interesting story than it actually is. Henry describes the creature as “flashback” footage flashes by. Watson shifts uneasily in his seat again at the thought of where the footage came from. Henry continues his telling of the story until he gets fed up with Sherlock’s attitude regarding it and makes to leave.
John inhales deeply and looks at one of the blankets separating them from the cold room. He can almost see his breath it’s so bloody cold, “Have you ever had a romantic kiss?” He clarifies.
“That have hinted towards it outright? Five at last count.”
“What, now that you know I’d punch you if you did?”
“But this never happened,” she says, looking back at Holmes.
Words seemed to have failed Sherlock completely as he simply nodded his head vigorously with a bit of a pleading look in his innocent eyes.
The scene ends just as Sherlock and Moriarty are about to kiss, then it cuts to a group - led by Anderson - that has apparently been thinking up these options of how Sherlock survived.
“‘Kings’ is a card game, extremely simple: each card denomination has a specific rule or task you and/or I would have to do. ‘Never have I ever’ has us taking turns saying things that we have never done before; if one of us
didn’t,” his eyes are afire, uncertain why he even has to have this fight.
The opening scene of the third “episode” starts with something that didn’t transpire in their dimension.
“Does the government have some dimension jumping worm hole concealed in an office building some place?” Watson jokes while making no move to grab the DVDs, but Mycroft’s face grows tight and Watson’s face drops, “Oh my God, you bloody do.”
“Scouts honour,” Sherlock promised, smiling broadly as he handed the tube of lube to John excitedly.
“I’m close, I know I am. I can feel it but I just...
John goes in to The Diogenes Club and begins asking for Mycroft.
You place your hand below my chin so that my calculating eyes meet your mischievous ones again before nodding your head and saying, “Yes,” intently.
“It’s always been so easy to be close to you. Why is that, Sherlock?”
is appropriate. Anyone could walk in.”
“Oh,” John says quietly before looking at the floor. He can feel Sherlock’s gaze still on him, but can’t bring himself to meet the mostly empty eyes.
With a deep, shaky inhalation, Sherlock came out of his head with purpose. He set the picture aside on his bed before picking up the gift he had finally chosen: a red notebook with orange and yellow microbe designs littering both front and back. Inside, the pages were gridded on the left and lined on the right; perfect for notating discoveries, both pictorially and descriptively.
“Their hands. I cannot be the only one who noticed that they were entwined?” Holmes asked while looking between the two Inspectors curiously. It was clear, by their faces alone, that they had indeed not taken notice. Holmes breathed out through his nose in frustration before continuing, “They were attacked upon leaving the bathhouse. They were beaten and both died of fatal head wounds caused by a blunt object. Their last act, their last
“Then really, what
“But the body…” John motions vaguely back up to the apartment, assuming he was going to stay with it to tell The Yard exactly what had happened.
Sherlock sat up and pushed John towards the edge of the bed, since he was on the side closest to the door. He may need to walk himself to the other room, but he sure as hell wouldn’t be doing more walking than absolutely necessary.
“Alright,” he concedes, turning his face back to the telly, though his attention takes a bit longer to get there.
When not actively engaged in such a fashion, my mind would incessantly return to the idea of that comma. As a learned man I wished to wave away the nonsensical feeling that it
Holmes doesn’t want to continue the conversation, because the next step of it is admitting that Sherlock and John are clearly attracted to each other, and he doesn’t want to face Watson’s negative reaction to the idea. He can’t stand to see the revulsion to the thought that John Watson could have a romantic interest in Sherlock Holmes; it very well may break him.
Sherlock's eyes flickered behind his lids as he considered the evidence, going over it again and again before reaching his final conclusion.
They share a small relieved smile before grabbing the remaining four glasses and bringing them back to the table.
“I know that,” Greg placated the younger man softly, “I know how much he means to you and I’m not trying to...seduce him or perv over him or anything.”
“You’re such a drama queen,” Watson smirks.
Sherlock breathes in deeply and locks eyes with John.
John is riding the tube, looking listless as he stares off at nothing as the world moves on around him. Finally he walks in to 221B and is bombarded with echoes of his past with Sherlock. His eyes shine with despair. Mrs. Hudson steps out in to the entranceway to see him standing there. Unable to speak, he merely clears his throat and offers a small wave of greeting.
now. Goddammit, how does he get himself in to these situations?!) and climbs in with a huff, settling on to his back.
John merely sputters but is saved from coming up with a response - since he figures “We were sacrilegiously re-patroning the Saints in the windows” wouldn’t really do - as Greg’s brother stands and begins his speech.
“Holmes,” I nodded in return, unable to keep the smile from my own face. He was home at last.
“Watson,” the younger man says gently, instinct urging him to reach out and place his right hand overtop the other’s left, “you know how this ends.”
Sherlock’s stomach drops.
Anthea reaches in to her oversized purse and pulls out a file. She opens it to reveal a piece of paper on top where Sherlock had copied the list John provided him of changes he’s noticed in Mary’s behavior.
Flashback to Leinster Gardens, where Sherlock demands them back to Baker Street. John storms in first, fit to burst, then Mary and - much slower and paler - Sherlock.
wanking, that's advanced wanking. Only for hardened wankers,” he attempted to argue.
John lets him go and he focuses very intently on not messing this up. Whatever this was, they all seemed to take it very seriously. In the background he can hear Zach (he thinks) complaining about how he just moved and it got misplaced in one of the boxes, and also:
While the Christmas party never happened, the texts, the counting, Adler’s false demise all did.
John led them to the bed where he laid down on his back, staring unashamedly up at Sherlock, who was standing rather awkwardly next to the bed.
an arse,” John grumps but calms down, “here, let me help you grab the rest of these,” he says, but before grabbing any pints, he lays his hand where Zach’s had been moments before and dares to look Sherlock in the eye, “Are we okay?”
Holmes tuts, “Plates of food, yes, but drinks? Honestly, Watson, don’t be ridiculous; clearly they were just drinking the same thing, not sharing it.”
“Oh please,” Watson laughs, “like this wasn’t inevitable from the start,” he says of their fledgling relationship.
“The name of the treasure we were attempting to help Mary locate, on the case where we met her.”
The sofa shifts and then the music is halted, the remote making a soft sound as it’s placed back on to the coffee table.
“Ready?” Sherlock asks, picking up his bags and leading the way out of the flat.
The intercom interrupts his thoughts as he pretends to be getting through some paperwork.
“Probably,” he admits with a wince, “but I always assume you’re following.”
“I promise,” he swears before pulling back far enough to look in to his eyes. The love and adoration he sees in John’s eyes are warring with insecurity. He can’t have that, “I have never loved another the way that I love you,” he admits.
“This is pointless,” Sherlock grumbled as he pushed the lid of his laptop closed in frustration, “I’m not going to learn the intricacies of this by watching videos.”
Sherlock blushes, “Oh,” perturbed that he, yet again, gave away more information than necessary. Alcohol is stupid.
Thank you so much for taking the time to read it!
“You let me get away, or I kill your friend.”
her?” Watson fumes once more.
“Without question,” both Holmes brothers reply in tandem, to which Watson nods in relief.
Holmes debates what to say next. He’s voiced regret for Mary’s passing before and he knows how much it still hurts John even after the time that’s passed, but… “Watson,” he starts uncertainly.
“What in the name of Holy Frankenfuck do you think you’re doing?” Greg asked, his mouth open and his heart pounding in his ears, “How did you get in here?”
John hisses in arousal, his hips moving in a small circle as they attempt to gain any friction on the hot, proud erection that he’s sporting. Sherlock lets out another moan in sympathy, his hips lifting to try to satisfy the aching in his own trousers, but John’s body isn’t near enough. Sherlock grabs his hips instinctively and brings him down to offer them both a bit of relief. They moan as their cocks connect through the layers of clothing that still separate them.
Watson is silent for a few seconds before he looks down at his hands and asks quietly, “Is that how you felt about Mary?”
What a mess. In their timeline, the woman in the study had exacted her revenge for her blackmailed husband by shooting Magnussen. Not Holmes. They hadn’t interceded because, as Holmes had put it, it wasn’t any of their business to judge her for taking her revenge.
“I should have brought food,” John mumbles, “Saves us having to go outside when it starts getting colder.”
Greg’s eyes snapped open and he rolled from his sofa, grabbing the cushion and placing it over his crotch as he grabbed his gun from under the table. He pointed it at Sherlock, who had taken a seat in the armchair in the darkened corner, a pen and pad of paper resting on his knee.
Watson simply laughs uproariously.
That’s when the idea takes hold in Watson’s brain. It’s so simple; why hadn’t he thought of it before? He’s so caught up in the idea that he hardly registers Mycroft finally leaving them alone in the flat.
“That was asparagus,” John corrects with a small smile, having taken the time after he mentioned it in his best man speech to figure out what he had actually been talking about. How he didn’t understand what that meant for his priority of Sherlock over Mary, he can’t say. Denial, probably.
Neither is certain how long they stay like that: John staring expressionlessly at his wife’s lifeless body while Sherlock kneels at his feet, weeping silently in to John’s knee.
“Because,” he’s still chuckling, but they’re fewer and farther between now, “it sounds too science fiction for your literal brain to be considering, that’s all.”
“Why couldn’t you just tell me?” He asks, trying to cover the sadness.
He wants to take his hand and reassure Holmes that that isn’t them. That there is no Mary or baby standing between them. That, in the end, the fact that he begged Holmes to not be dead and not his wife means that he chose
“Would you bet on it?”
“But what if I want it hard and fast?” He challenged, cheeks going a bit pink at the wording.
“Why the
John sits in his chair, staring listlessly at Sherlock’s a few feet away. It’s a scene that’s very familiar to Watson; he would often steal away to 221B for stretches of time. Mary seemed to understand, but in hindsight, she may have just been distracted by her own declining health.
“Is it?” Sherlock asks seriously, staring in to his eyes vulnerably.
I looked up slightly, into his eyes, and shook my head again, “I cannot. It’s impertinent, improper, and quite possibly indecent.”
Sherlock solves the Powers case that has plagued at least a portion of his brain since childhood. They rescue the woman from the car. Four pips and a new picture of a car later, they’re moving in to the second case of the debacle.
“Yes,” Holmes nods, reluctant to watch it himself.
“Are you going to join me or what?” John asks, but Sherlock is simply doing that blinking thing that means he hasn’t figured out the proper way to respond, so he continues gently, “It’ll be much warmer with two of us under here. If you want.”
Sherlock takes down the only American who remains in the room quite easily, and then John is arriving back at the flat. John takes care of Mrs. Hudson as Sherlock calls Lestrade to report the crime of break-in, then describing the crime he’s yet to commit of tossing the “burglar” out the window. John suggests that Mrs. Hudson leave London to rest for a bit, but Sherlock won’t hear of it.
he knows that, “You mean sex.”
I would love to hear your thoughts via comment, kudos, or constructive criticism!
“It’s your touch,” Sherlock panted, eyes still closed with head tilted back, “No one else has come anywhere near this sensation. No one seems to have
John checks for a radial pulse but finds none, his knees giving out from under him. They place Sherlock on a stretcher and remove him, John repeating variations of “God, no” over and over. The sniper packs away his gun.
“Yes,” Sherlock complained sullenly, “it’s not like I wanted to perform exploratory surgery on him; I just wanted to see him stroke himself to completion.”
Sherlock heard the beginning of the curse and was momentarily worried that he was doing it wrong, but every indication from John’s body was extremely positive, so he pulled off with a falsely concerned tone, “Would you like me to stop?” He asked as he stilled his hand, warm breath ghosting over the other man’s wet bollocks.
It’s been a long while since they’ve had a case of real interest and excitement – of the “chasing criminals through the streets and staying one step ahead of danger” variety. The thrill of those cases always keeps the nightmares at bay, because his mind doesn’t need to relive the war to remember the adventure.
It only takes a few minutes of John running his hand through Sherlock’s unmanageable curls before the lankier man wakes.
“I left,” you say unnecessarily. So, a fight with Mary after all.
“You said there weren’t enough words to describe what I am to you, but do you think ‘boyfriend’ might be one of them?”
Holmes slowly meets his eyes again, a look of deepest despair resting in the chameleon depths, and he whispers in return, “I couldn’t ask you to run with me. Not after what I had done.”
“Probably,” Holmes agrees before continuing, “but a
On screen, Sherlock is deducing the rough time at work that Kitty’s been having with increasing amounts of disdain. He ends with a scathing
Watson inhales deeply suddenly, as though awoken from a daze, “So…time for this one, then.”
John laughs before kissing him again, “Alright, genius,” he mutters before moving fully on top of him. Their smiles are gone, replaced by desire as John positions himself between Sherlock’s legs, guiding the limbs to his hips. The position places their still-confined cocks next to each other, and they both moan loudly as John thrusts short but powerfully.
“Well, not mine.”
“You want I should grow a moustache like John?”
John nods, “He came back. And I realized it then: that there's a huge difference between choosing to be with a woman because she's the one I love more than anything else in the world, and settling for a woman because I'm too scared to go for the man I may love more. So the marriage ended and I moved back in with him and…” he shakes his head sadly and locks eyes with his friend again before asking so quiet the other man almost misses it, “what the hell am I doing, Dave? What the fuck am I even doing?”
“Oh my God,” Watson laughs, “that is you to a T.”
“Ah, Mr. Holmes,” Inspector Jones greeted with false pleasantry, never having taken much of a liking to my companion.
Watson hesitates, neck flushing as he contemplates asking but then pushes through and does anyway, “And what about sex? Was Mycroft correct in assuming that you’ve never…?” he trails off, not feeling as though he needs to vocalize the entire thought to get an answer.
“The intricacies of wanking?” John teased with an amused smile, “It’s not really that intricate.”
want anything to do with this place, but John said I owed it to you to suffer through.”
“I’ve thought about it, but I honestly don’t think he did. This Moriarty is…different somehow.”
“What?” John asks for lack of anything else processing, “Are you alright?”
he had - him on purpose. Out of frustration, John forces him to admit that he was wrong since it wasn’t in the sugar at all, and Sherlock sheepishly does.
“I’m sorry,” he says through a few tears before focusing on his breathing to calm down again, “Any of those sound interesting?” he asks kindly once the laughter has subsided.
“Thank you,” John responded sincerely before moving back to his task.
John stays silent long enough that Sherlock begins getting antsy, so he voluntarily removes the scotch and tumblers from the fort. When he returns - thankful for the warmth inside of it that’s gathered from their body heat - John is looking at him calmly, but with a purpose.
“John?” Sherlock asks, a bit of nervousness in his tone at the thought that John may refuse to continue the experiment.
“I can help with that,” Sherlock whispered seductively, nose bumping intimately against John’s as his thigh returned the pressure of John’s hip suggestively.
“God yes.”
“Business partner?” Sherlock asked with utter contempt, still not quite getting it.
“He has night emissions in which his body takes care of that need, but a purposeful orgasm? No,” Mycroft said clinically, seeming detached from the intimate nature of the discussion.
“You’re so bloody impatient!” John grumbled in response, but quickly slicked his hands with lube and began to carefully - and softly - press his index finger into Sherlock’s body. The detective’s breathing hitched and he winced, dropping his hands to the bed in order to watch John work.
“Stop,” John halts him, face red as he holds a hand out to him, “stop talking now.”
John clears his throat in preparation for the question he knows he just has to ask, “Okay, completely normal, non-shocking virginity aside, you’ve never even done it to yourself? Alone?”
“Alright, time for bed, then,” he says, not unkindly, before standing and helping Sherlock to his feet, leading him by their still-entwined hands to the bedroom. John helps him in to his side of the bed before going back around to his own and climbing under the covers. Sherlock - lying on his right side - looks slightly confused as he watches John’s progress, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t relieved that the other man plans to stay with him.
“Right,” John sighed, running his left hand through his hair nervously. To say that he had never thought about engaging in intimate scenarios with his best friend would be a lie, but that didn’t make this situation any less odd and a bit off-putting.
“Right,” John agrees, pushing himself faster.
John stops breathing until his lungs scream at him. He rereads the message four times before he can bring himself to move on.
“Hows that?” John whispered, his voice like honey.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded, “he was -- kind to me. When he found out that I was eating my lunch in the toilets to save myself from having to fight, he said I could sit with him in the science labs. We had in-depth conversations about scientific methods, disproving some and just generally enjoying one another’s intelligent company. He was too good for that school; he was an Oxford educated professor, you know.”
Holmes hums in response.
John laughed and shook his head, “Arrogant. It’s not
John’s left hand hesitantly raises to land on Sherlock’s hip as his eyes are drawn down to his cupid’s bow in wanting. He doesn’t even realise that he’s inching closer to that tempting mouth until he hears Sherlock whisper his name, the upward inflection of uncertainty at the end.
“And that’s a bad thing?” John asked, but was immediately stopped by the warning glare which Sherlock sent his way, “Okay, no baby pictures.”
Great, so he loves a man who has multiple times announced that he isn’t gay and has never shown an interest in him whatsoever.
“Because I deserve to hear it from
Sherlock smiles, turning on to his left side to pull John in for another kiss, “And the only one who ever will,” he promises once they part.
“How does one hold a hand
“Which means that when the client was telling his story Sherlock was…”
John grunts in aggravation again (too tired to choose another noise) before flinging the hand off once more and moving to lie on his back. This time, when Sherlock seeks him out, he nearly chokes John when his hand lands heavily on his adam’s apple. John splutters before grabbing the hand and pushing it down his body. With Sherlock’s hand resting lightly on his stomach, John finds peace enough to sleep once more.
John simply chuckles sleepily in agreement, too near the edge of unconsciousness to form words, and pulls Sherlock more solidly against him.
“Holmes, don’t,” he looks at him, so vulnerable in his pain, “Please just…don’t.”
Sherlock huffed and wiped the come away before placing it in his mouth and sucking, “Not terrible. I don’t see what all the fuss is about.”
'I don't want to call you “Doctor Watson”,' he says quietly while John takes off his blazer.
Sherlock smiles sleepily. 'I had a great night,' he murmurs.
The violin it is.
They fall into an easy conversation after that. Back in the cab, they continue talking, until Sherlock falls victim to the exhaustion and falls asleep, head sinking against John's shoulder. They're so not just a doctor and his patient.
'Mary wants a cat,' he says one morning.
'Wanted to save it for a moment like this,' he murmurs.
The strange man doesn't react. Not within the next minutes, nor the following hours. They take care of him, do what they can. After medical treatment, he is washed, changed and put a hospital bed. He looks calm now, John thinks as he stands next to the bed. Finally, his breathing and heartbeat have become slow and steady. He looks as if he is merely sleeping, perhaps dreaming something good. John likes to imagine that after the pain and confusion before, this man is at least having a nice dream. It could be very nice.
