John couldn’t find his voice so he answered wordlessly, pushing forward with his hips to take Sherlock’s finger deeper, making a breathless sound of pleasure as Sherlock’s finger sank in up to the second knuckle.
“Oooh, threats! How ambitious.” Sherlock’s breath was warm against John’s ear. “However, judging from your current position, I really don’t think you can afford to make any.”
He was smiling at John, a soft, deranged smile that made his flat black eyes look moist.
“Yes, my love?”
“Maybe you’d like to come and clean out my cabin after dinner? Put your new skills to good use.”
It takes a moment for John to catch his meaning and then understanding dawns on his face, smoothing the lines from his brow. John throws back his head and laughs.
John found he didn’t want to spend much time in there anyway since Sherlock had pulled all the curtains shut and refused to open them again, despite John’s assurance that at least having access to the open windows would create some degree of air flow, however minor. That had earned him a long tirade in which Sherlock attested that if he so much as caught sight of the sun he would be compelled to burn down the flat in a fit of rage.
“All of them.”
Sherlock nods frantically, fingers slipping in the sweat at the nape of John’s neck. “Y-yes. But what
Sherlock was quiet beside him in the cab; alarmingly still, his gloved hands motionless in his lap.
Tristram grins at her. He knows that Uncle Mycroft's just kidding. Almost a hundred percent certain, anyway.
1 large egg, lightly beaten
"That was nice," John said. He was standing very close to Sherlock. His words were a bit sloppy, and his eyes were a bit glassy. His mouth, his chin, the way his fringe fell just so over his forehead: those were all John and made something jump inside Sherlock's chest.
"I know I'm wondering that myself." Sherlock went to sit down with the children. He was going to give John a good, solid length of rope with which to hang himself.
"Yes, I'd be happy to accompany you. Very happy." He snuck a glance at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, then looked at the babies again, beaming.
For a while, the silence is broken only by faint laughter wafting in from the nurse's station down the hall. Then, as if he's suddenly awakened from a trance, John inhales sharply. He withdraws his hand from Sherlock's and stands up. "I'll erm..." he says in a low voice, standing with his back to Sherlock. "I'd better be going."
"You think he talks to me?" The question is not just a challenge, but born in part of genuine surprise. Has she overestimated Sherlock by that much? Or John?
"Psh, Blackwood shlackwood." John waved his hand as if fanning away an unpleasant odour. "This isn't some sort of contest. I don't know who's put that into your heads," he said, glaring at Sherlock. Which was actually quite unfair, as it was Lestrade who had talked about besting Blackwood at that ill-fated assembly. "And anyway," John went on, "Blackwood's not having a movie made out of their play, are they?"
"I'll slip your mother a note about that leggy brunette if you don't give me Friday off."
"Why six months? You can move in tomorrow," Sherlock said in a rush, before John could change his mind. "Today, we can-"
He held out the bowl, this time allowing me to choose the chestnuts myself. I took two that appeared to have an abundance of spines and put them under my other arm. Once again, there was an initial bloom of unpleasantness, but as I knew what to expect and let my arm settle in place more quickly, it was less intense than the first time. In fact, I found that if I sat perfectly still, it was barely more than a niggling twinge.
"In the bathroom?" Emily asks, incredulous. Tristram can imagine the sceptical twist to her mouth and has to smile.
The more he thinks about it, the more he has to go. He's about to ask if he can go into the house and use the Watsons' toilet when Emily and her father come back. Doctor Watson has a big green duffle bag over his shoulder, and Emily has a backpack and a smaller bag in her hand.
"You can go with him."
******
I had been able to convince myself quite easily up to this point that it didn't really matter if it came out that Holmes was not truly an omega. At worst, we would be given a scolding and escorted out of the club. However, if we began to engage in anything that so much as hinted at a more intimate connection and Holmes' true gender were to be discovered, we would instantly place ourselves in a precarious position in the eyes of the law.
This is set after chapter 23,  a day or two after drabble 4, and was inspired by prompts from snogandagrope, who wanted Sherlock playing Christmas carols and egg nog, and ruth0007 on LJ, who wanted John encouraging Sherlock's musical talent and Sherlock playing for John.
Tristram thinks back to what Uncle Mycroft said when they asked him what their fathers were doing that night. "My Uncle Mycroft said it wasn't exactly a case," he recalls. "Just some business." He wonders now what exactly Uncle Mycroft meant with 'business'. Monkey business. Funny business. Tricky business. He's learned that his uncle has a way of using words that allow him to say one thing while meaning quite another. None of your business.
"How'd it get better then?" Maybe whatever fixed John's leg can also fix Tristram's heart and lungs.
John pounces on that admission, all amusement suddenly gone. "You know something. Damnit, Sherlock, you-"
"And we'd need to get you something better than that SIG. How are you with a rifle?"
"Enjoy your spleen," John said, and went upstairs to get his pyjamas.
In the last ten minutes of the period, the children worked silently on their worksheets while Sherlock walked amongst them, pointing out errors. When he neared the back of the room, Watson raised a finger and caught his eye.
Sherlock huffs a bit and repeats the question: "His middle name. Moriarty," he adds as if John were dense, gesturing at the body on the floor. "Get his wallet." Sherlock twirls his hand at the corpse. "It should have some form of ID with his middle name on it."
Wherever Holmes had disappeared to, he had not gone far, and returned to his position behind me within a few seconds. I rolled my shoulders and neck, expecting him to begin untying me, but instead I felt his hand rest upon my head. A tingle ran down my spine. Perhaps he was not finished with me after all. He had left the ropes in a position that would continue to hold my arms in place but did not pose any danger of numbing them entirely. As long as I did not move, the discomfort was quite tolerable.
Father's attention instantly leaps to Tristram's face. "Where?"
"For?" John asks.
"Of course you do. Second clue then: it's something for you to use in an emergency."
John looked like he was going to argue the point, but something in Sherlock's expression must have convinced him not to. Instead, he put on a wry half smile and said, "All right, Jesus, you try and be a gentleman..."
The next thing Doctor Watson did, once he saw where Tristram was hurt, was to start treating him. At the same time, he called the ambulance because he couldn't take care of all of Tristram's injuries himself. Normally, Tristram would be able to take care of a minor cut like this on his own, but it's in a hard-to-reach place and he only has his left hand to work with. So he's going to need help too. Although obviously not an ambulance. Father and Doctor Watson are probably still awake.
"Because my French is much better than my German, and anyone dealing with the public here can be expected to speak French."
Sherlock wanted to come back with a cutting remark, something about how he didn't owe John anything, how he knew more about honesty than John did with his suppressed trauma and his psychosomatic limp. His own body was lying to him, for God's sake!
Sherlock turned to him in affront, but before he could say anything, John looked to the pupils and said, "Here, try this," then sang, while accompanying himself with the keyboard set to chord mode:
"Because when he came in... He seemed pretty shocked."
A short distance away, the dim light of the street lamps filtering in through the curtains reveal the gentle humps of two small bodies lying under the covers. The sheet hanging from the ceiling - a makeshift tent at one point - has been pulled aside to give an unimpeded view of Tristram's bed and the old field bed beside it where Emily is sleeping.
"Hm?"
"Sherlock," Doctor Watson warns.
Sherlock must have sensed it too, because he didn't make any move to get out of the car when he turned off the engine, instead sitting with both hands still on the steering wheel, looking down.
"Don't try to be subtle, Mycroft," Sherlock drawled. "We both know why I'm here."
"He was probably bored." Sherlock moved his leg, pressing just slightly into John's foot. A signal for John to back off? John flexed his toes. No reaction.
John smiled at that. "Yeah, all right. This Reverend though." John nodded at the stolid figure engaged in some sort of discussion with Molly's mother and Greg about overflow parking, while Molly and her sister took pictures of the church with their phones. "He's not one of Sebastian Wilkes's crowd, is he?"
Sherlock released John’s balls with a reluctant huff of air through his nostrils and then rubbed his cheek against the side of John’s cock, mouthing his way back up to take the head of John’s cock between his lips.
“Use it to catch the blood. Don’t spill. Or I’ll be very angry. You wouldn’t want to make me angry, would you, Johnny Boy?”
John’s mouth is so close to his—Sherlock can feel the rush of his words against his parted lips.
“Damn!”
He hangs the robe back up and follows John to the kitchen. When John sees him naked, he smiles and walks to meet him with his hand held out. For a moment, that’s all that Sherlock can see: that smile directed at him. And then he is excruciatingly aware that he is
Breaths Compressions. More breaths. The EMT’s are rushing, bringing a stretcher and equipment over from the ambulance. John continues the compressions and yells, “I’m Doctor John Watson. Patient needs Narcan now, no pulse, no respiration. Unclear how long he’s been down, CPR for maybe five minutes now. Do you have it?” He finishes the round of compressions.
When John holds up his hand, Sherlock takes it, and their fingers interlock. It feels grounding and intimate. Sherlock looks at their joined hands then into John’s eyes and is overcome by a calm certainty. There is no turning back, and he doesn’t want to.
“The chemicals that have been released into my bloodstream by that amazing orgasm are making me feel quite wonderful,” Sherlock replied. “Thank you, John. It’s been a long time since I’ve been with anyone—other than myself, that is.”
“He’s so long in the torso, the column would look great following the spread up to his shoulders from that tiny waist.” She nods approvingly as she eyes him up and down.
“I don’t know. And I don’t care. Dead, I hope.” Sherlock was still talking into his knees. “…never should have gone to London.”
They head for Rod’s Western Palace. Rod’s always in on Tuesday to order inventory and John’s right again. He’s quite friendly about it. “I always expect kids to leave after graduation, so don’t worry about it. If you wouldn’t mind staying on till I get somebody; it won’t take long. And you’re always welcome back.”
“Dr. Watson, do you think he could’ve…”
“Bite down and stop talking, except for your colors.” John takes Sherlock’s wrists and pulls them above his head. “Hold onto the rails until I tell you to stop. Nod if you understand.”
Sherlock turns his head, mouth open, a thousand retorts on the tip of his tongue. John’s raised eyebrows halt him, and he grits his teeth and says, “Thank you, Sir.”
“You’re coming? I’ll be all right. I’m not hurt, I’m just, I’ve got to get out of here.”
As they push through the revolving door, Wiggy asks, “So are we gonna take the bus?”
The intercom crackled, and Moriarty spoke again.
Could he even remember what Will looked like—really? It had been so long ago. He saw him in dreams sometimes. But his dreams of Will were mostly just sensations. Laughter and the feeling of skin on skin. Fresh grass and warm sunshine, soft lips, whispered words, and the salty-bitter taste of come.
Sherlock’s anxiety spikes and he remembers the magazine that Myc told him about. Is he endangering John’s career? Technically, it’s just like John told Ms. Hudson. He’s an adult, and a fifteen year age difference isn’t that much, is it? He turns to look at John, who takes his hand and gives it a squeeze.
When they are outside, John bursts out laughing. “Did you see her face when I kissed you? Priceless.” Sherlock can’t help but laugh too. “Thank you, Sir.”
“No, Sherlock. I found you. You weren’t breathing. You had no pulse. You were dead.”
“That’s it.” He helps Sherlock sit back down and heads over to the door of the cell. “Deputy, hey Dep, excuse me, sorry to bother you, but it’s an emergency. Really, I think the kid here is sick. No joke, he’s falling over and shit.”
When they entered the room, John’s heart leapt to his throat as Sherlock came into view. He had bandages on his head and his hand, and the right side of his face was still bruised and swollen, but his eyes were open. He was attached to an IV, and a bag attached to the bed indicated that he had a catheter. A tiny but striking woman in a white coat and holding a clipboard turned and greeted them. John thought he’d never seen lipstick that red before.
“Yes, Sir.”
Sherlock opens up eagerly, and John steps forward and guides his cock in. Sherlock takes it into his throat, but suddenly, John retreats, pulling it out again. John resumes using his hand, his erection now lubricated by Sherlock’s saliva. His other hand goes to Sherlock’s head, winding his fingers through the curls.
had existed, he and Will.
The lace was finely made and scalloped around the edges--French lace. Sherlock rubbed the material between his fingers. John expected him to wear these? He looked at them doubtfully, wondering how he was going to fit his bits into them. He was going to look ridiculous.
Molly pretend-pouts and says, “Why can’t I find a boyfriend like that?”
“What he said.”
Wiggy scarcely acknowledges the judge and, when he sees Sherlock, his eyes light up and he waves vigorously, prompting the court officer to scowl and jab him with his elbow. He mouths an enthusiastic thank you and grins so broadly, Sherlock has to mirror him. He’s still smiling as they lead the exuberant man away to be processed out.
Sherlock is back in the dressing room, putting on his clothes when suddenly, he is stopped cold by the vibration of the plug. John has turned it on full force. He puts his hand against the wall to steady himself. He’s in his briefs and T-shirt and
It works to wake him up. He sits up, and his fingers play around the edge of the leather. He’s forgotten all about it. He turns, and John unbuckles it, hands it to Sherlock, and says, “You’ll keep it in the drawer of the table by the front door. If I’m not home, you can put it on if you like. Otherwise, you’ll bring it to me when I get home and I’ll do it. It’s mine to take off of you. The only time you should take it off is to use it as a safeword. If you take it off, I’ll recognize it as a time-out from the contract, that there’s something we need to discuss or fix. How does that sound? Any questions or worries?”
John made his assessment and reached the only possible choice. The helicopter was Will’s only hope. And he was
JW:    Obedience is about the choices you make. Our tests came back. We’re both clean health-wise. Yours was positive for THC (pot), but I expect the next test to be perfect.
“Holmes. The kid.”
“So, Mr. Genius here got set up. He was framed. Somebody stashed shit in his locker at the hospital. They nailed him for it.”
“Number one will be to ask for two weeks leave from the clinic,” she said. “If you ruin our honeymoon, I’ll never forgive you. Number two will be to make a guest list. I can’t make any definite arrangements until I know how many guests. Do you have any idea how many you’ll have?”
He raises an eyebrow. “I locked it. No question. I don’t forget things like that.”
John investigates a lead and gets more than he bargained for.
“Yeah, the list, sure.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he can consider this, the man’s face pops up beside him.
, Sherlock thought with annoyance.
“Myc.”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “Not yet.”
“Just food for thought,” John says, pulling the hem of the kilt from Sherlock’s fingers. “Now open your eyes and let’s get moving.”
are worth it.”
There is a cushion on the floor next to John’s seat, and he leads Sherlock to it. “This isn’t a punishment. I’d like to feed you. I want you to understand that I have as much responsibility to you as you do to me. This is one way for me to show you. So, please kneel for me.” Sherlock kneels as John sits. “Are you comfortable?”
John started with his head. Running his fingers gently through the matted hair, he searched for broken skin. Sherlock flinched when they encountered a lump.
“We still don’t know how Jim figures into all this. I mean, I know he was blackmailing her, but why did he hate John so much?”
But they
“Good boy.” He pulls Sherlock to his feet and gives him a slow, deep kiss while cupping his ass with both hands. Being naked while John is clothed and holding him is unexpectedly arousing, and Sherlock feels his bare penis harden against John’s stomach. John feels it too and whispers into Sherlock’s mouth, “Oh, you’re ready, aren’t you? You want to come? You’d like me to suck you off, wouldn’t you?”
“Does it turn you on to think about it? Me marking your body?”
John smiles, “I’ll be careful. I’m going to tie you up and give you some sensory stimulation, I think you’ll like it.”
“If you say so,” Greg says, and then turns to look at Molly.
He tossed the bracelet back onto the pile and picked up his Military Cross. He really should display it, but he just couldn’t bring himself to. Of the five passengers on the Humvee that horrible February day two years ago during Operation Granby in Iraq, only three had survived the IED attack. John, Sholto, and McTeague. Murray and Camden had died. Camden died immediately, but Murray died in John’s arms. McTeague lost a leg, Sholto was disfigured, and John walked away with a shoulder injury that ended his military career. It was true that his quick actions had saved the two men, but he would never forgive himself for not saving Murray. He fingered the cross and then dropped it onto the bed.
Then Mycroft rises and this is where John stopped watching the last time.
For a second it looked like Mycroft was going to stop him and John narrowed his eyes while clenching his fists, but then, as if a shadow had passed, the older brother suddenly waived his hand in a dismissive gesture towards the jar and Mr Judd put it back inside the briefcase and then quietly walked away, as if this had all been a carefully rehearsed play where everyone but John had been given a script.
Another silence settled and for a second Mycroft wondered if the departure to his bedroom would be delayed even further than it already had been.
The idea of talking about his budding feelings of affection for Sherlock to his even more emotionally constipated older brother doesn’t sit well with him though.
The question is why Mycroft seems so uncharacteristically passive. This is his brother after all! The sole person John has ever seen Mycroft do anything out of the ordinary for, well and beyond ordinary in fact if you consider the extensive ways he has always gone about protecting, worrying and looking after Sherlock, despite never earning so much as a thank you from the person at the centre of his all-embracing attention.
A look at his phone informs him that Anthea has sent him a text.
, John thought, supressing a shudder of tense nervousness. Because if so, that would certainly explain the presence of the gun even more and perhaps also reveal the outcome of this grim situation. He dearly hoped that wouldn’t become the case.
Suddenly a cold grip wrapped itself around Mycroft’s heart and the grim squeeze of it almost made him stop breathing for a second.
The room is not as big as the one where the others are seated, there is just one screen available, one computer and an empty chair next to a table where the agent must have been seated when John interrupted him.
Magnussen on the other hand moved in higher levels of society when it came to entertaining himself for the evening, whereas Mycroft, who in all honesty abhorred socialising if not strictly necessary, seldom ventured to places like this. It was opulent and the food left on the plates spoke of high-level cuisine, Michelin stars and expense.
“Why do you even care about this? As you pointed out earlier, it’s been two months already, what’s another two in the larger scheme of things? This whole situation will cease to be your responsibility after the time is up and you won’t have to suffer through any more reports.”
It felt a bit odd to bid Sherlock good bye though, it would have been nicer if they could have continued to spend some time together, but he realised that if they were going to pull this off they needed to be careful and stick to the rules.
Mycroft steeled himself for the expected onslaught and made sure to arrange his facial features into cool patience.
The time of the abduction is still unclear as there are no obvious time stamps confirming the time of disappearance.
“So eager for it, aren’t you? Just dying to teach me who’s the boss around here. Who the one with control is.”
A flash of anger darkened his brother’s eyes but at least it was preferable to the listlessness Sherlock had showcased earlier. Anger was familiar, anger meant that he had some spirit left in him even if it was aimed against Mycroft.
John took the time to try calming himself down, not making any promises that his fists wouldn’t come to use as the evening progressed, but for now realising that this might not be the right time for a brawl.
But naturally one line led to two and so on, and after that first barrier had been conquered, other substances followed soon enough. By the end of the term I was a full-blown addict and totally out of control.
Because what he had seen was actually the face of a full-grown baboon, clinging to the windowpane outside, apparently engaged in the scene taking place inside the room and baring its fangs at the perceived hostile situation it saw on the other side of the glass window.
, to do your bidding, seducing your target to get access to some mysterious vault that no one has actually seen. And then, as if that wasn’t enough, try to pin something on him for you to use as blackmail against
Possibly not......
So this is the end.
“Nothing unusual, but don’t let him manipulate you into doing anything beyond your medical duties and don’t believe everything he tells you, his imagination has always been decidedly vivid. And try not to be too offended by his way of speaking, it’s mostly bark and no bite even if his tongue is considered razor-sharp. My brother has received his education from a few of the finest schools in the country and yet managed to sail through without learning any basic social rules at all when it comes to interacting with other people. Many consider him to be quite eccentric, but I guess that depends on what you expect people to be like. My suggestion is that you focus solely on your duties and less on trying to grasp what kind of person he is and try to remember where your loyalties are in this matter.”
John on the other hand looks like he’s cut in stone. Very serious, a frown across the forehead, lips tight. He looks...interrupted.
Heated arguments with Sherlock, botched-up dates, awkward snogging on the sofa with the few women he managed to lure up the seventeen steps to the flat, hot-tempered and very painful discussions with Harry over the phone, lazy Sundays lounging half-naked in his chair watching crap telly, sneaking a look at Sherlock’s undressed form whenever given the opportunity, every bloody fart, bum-scratch or burp he ever let out while believing he was alone and unobserved!
Knowing what Magnussen did to Sherlock during his clandestine visits to the younger man’s bedchamber, it took all of John’s efforts not to clench his fists or allow a single detail in his appearance to reveal how he felt about these words.
This earned him a pair of raised eyebrows, but it seemed more like a mannerism than any actual surprise and it went unmentioned that John had correctly figured out the identity of the other man.
If he was even still inside the flat. There was a risk he had simply left, specially considering his flaring temper.
going on? Has something happened to Sherlock?”
“Then he shouldn’t have brought him along tonight. Parading someone looking like that around without expecting people to try their luck is just foolish. And Holmes is no fool.”
“And will you?
Mycroft really should hire better people, he thought, but luckily for him, such persons seemed rare to find.
Apparently a lot if this man was to be believed.
There was an outstretched silence where he kept looking at his brother and Sherlock stubbornly continued to ignore him by keeping his eyes closed as if pretending to have fallen asleep.
“Will you be putting that advice in your report, doctor?”
Sherlock closed his eyes at the sensation, like a cat purring in satisfaction, while he continued to reveal his plan.
Outwardly Sherlock seemed like a headstrong person but living with a brother like Mycroft who had such overbearing control over his life, and then, to make things even more complicated, the presence of a fiancé who seemed just as eager to continue controlling his life as Mycroft was, it wouldn’t be surprising if Sherlock’s self-confidence had crumbled under the weight of everything piled on top of him.
“Yes, let’s indeed hope so, as he has a wedding to attend and a worried fiancé to take care of. Might I suggest that Victor will be granted the right to visit as well? I’m sure it would be beneficial for you as well as for me to not have him calling incessantly at all hours until he gets his way. And as Sherlock is only lying here anyway...”
“The man just insinuated that Sherlock, your brother I might add, if it helps put things in perspective, has...”
“Doesn’t sound like such a gentleman if he ditched you the very next day. Didn’t he offer any sort of explanation?”
“As I’m sure you know, family members are not always the most suited for certain discussions,” Magnussen said, allowing a tone of insinuation to taint his otherwise nondescript voice.
So what if Sherlock knew of his feeling towards him? Did John really still think that he would be susceptible to being taken advantage of by the other man, his feelings exploited on account of some underlying motive?
Then he turned his back on the gravesite and began walking away from it. The rain was whipping quite ruthlessly in his face now but he realised that he didn’t care, he hardly felt it.
John raised his eyebrows at this revelation.
“I met Victor when I was seventeen, as a first-year student at Cambridge. It happened pretty much as he told it in his speech at the dinner party, his dog bit my ankle as I was heading down to the chemistry lab one morning, but he was very apologetic about it, made sure that I was taken to the closest hospital for a tetanus shot and some bandaging. It was a pretty bad wound, so I was bedridden for a few days and he came by every single day, to talk to me, to keep me company, to bring me things I needed and so forth. At first, I thought he was rather annoying but then I got used to his company and we eventually became friends. My first real friend.”
Without looking at either of them, he made the introductions.
Quickly the man opened the briefcase and to John’s utter bewilderment he picked up a large jar with a wasp inside it, angrily buzzing against the glass confinement.
Sitting alone in a bedsit, as that was the only home his meagre army pension could possibly afford, he had contemplated ending it all with the service weapon he had omitted to turn in as he left the army, but sheer luck or fate, it there was such a thing, had decided to intervene in the unexpected shape of a former class mate from medical school named Mike Stamford who he had accidentally run into after a visit to his psychiatrist.
“You wish that you did, but let’s face it, someone like him is always going to be far out of your league. It’s not meant to insult, it’s plain fact. You have no idea how to keep up.”
He closed his eyes and supressed yet another sigh. Despite having expected it, he couldn’t help but feel a flash of disappointment before he turned his attention back to the caller.
“I thought you said that you feared that he was going to leave you, not the other way around? What made you change your opinion about him? He wasn’t involved in the theft in any way, was he?”
He was alone tonight as a tournament of dart was apparently being enjoyed down the pub and others had gone off to town to entertain themselves as the weather was nice and the latest salary had been distributed. Nothing like a good night on the town when you had money to spend and the evening held endless promises of a good time to be had.
With the limited amount of time he had to work with John had to trust that he presented a half-decent appearance and hadn’t forgotten anything before he stepped out of the dining room. A moment’s panic occurred when he couldn’t remember where he had put his medical bag and he tried racking his brain to come up with the answer when he heard voices coming from downstairs and got distracted.
I constantly fretted over how I would make him stay and not wake up one day and realise that being with me was a ludicrous idea. Which considering current circumstances is ironic as I would want nothing more than for him to leave me alone these days. But back then I felt so blessed for his attention and camaraderie that I feared that it might slip through my fingers at any minute.
He looked at the figure in the bed while he remained for a moment standing by the door.
“To the beautiful Sherlock Holmes who looks particularly delicious tonight, what could possibly be the cause for that becoming flush on your cheeks? Is it perhaps the knowledge of the amount of people around this table that would want a piece of your delectable assets or is it perhaps the presence of that very special someone that sets your heart racing?”
“This is for you,” the delivery man said and handed over the parcel tentatively before starting to turn around to descend the steps again.
In the doorway, he stopped for a second to see if his exit would elicit some sort of reaction from the other man, but none came, so he stalked up the stairs up to his own bedroom and began to prepare himself for some much needed sleep. He didn’t expect to get any company tonight.
“I can order a car to take you home for some food and a few hours of sleep. You won’t be able to remain focused forever and you’re no good to Sherlock if you pass out.”
He then raised his lower body enough to shimmy out of his pants before he grabbed his leaking cock and pressed it against Sherlock’s glistening lips that opened up for him and prepared for the intrusion with an eager smile playing on them.
“You needed to tell me, for me to understand what you were dealing with. Why you acted the way you did. Don’t blame yourself any more than you already are.”
His main tactic was to blackmail his victims with the threat of publishing delicate information about them if they did not perform certain favours that could gain him further influence and power. Sometimes the influence and the power weren’t even what he craved the most. Occasionally he just thrived on seeing others dance to his tune, be at his complete and utter mercy, defencelessly squirming in his hands before he destroyed them just for the fun of it. Him being a true sadist at heart, it was difficult to know how to survive a confrontation with a man that took such pleasure in seeing others suffer, and for every victim he added to the ever-growing list of people he had ruined, he grew even more brazen.
He realised that he had grown a tad bitter during these past couple of days but it had been the only way for him to get over the horrible realisation that he had probably been used as some sort of passing entertainment but that he had never truly been considered as a person for Sherlock to ever choose if given a choice.
“But...”
The bed was pristinely made but Sherlock jumped up on it without hesitation and allowed his feet to dangle from the edge as he expectantly turned his eyes to look at John.
“That you might be, but your focus is to be on Magnussen. I’m not telling you again, Sherlock.”
“They went to his home, and then to his office but everything was wiped clean and left empty, like he had never been there. Not a single trace of his existence left behind.”
Come dinnertime the situation finally erupted by Sherlock snapping that he wasn’t an invalid, that he didn’t like being tip-toed around as if in danger to break and this outburst resulted in John releasing his own brewing resentment by snapping back in full force.
“How are you going to achieve that?”
Emily bounces down onto the bed beside Tristram. "What do you want to do today?"
He goes back to his room, puts the book away (no need to hide it anymore since his father already knows he has it), gets his school bag, and goes down to Mrs Hudson's, where he does extra credit exercises until lunchtime.
We have continued to explore our mutual interest, with the Inferno Club and its members playing a not insignificant role as inspiration and reference, which is why I have agreed to pen this account. It is my hope that through it, more seekers and questioners will find the courage to rattle their own cage and open their eyes, hearts and minds to themselves and others.
Tristram feels the onset of a helpless panic. He doesn't know how to explain about all the bad things that might happen if he goes with her. He looks desperately at Doctor Watson, hoping at least he will understand.
"You want to have year threes kiss," Sherlock stated. Again, it wasn't a matter of understanding the principle, but of hoping John would grasp the absurdity of the proposal when he heard it put to him in neutral terms.
As Tristram retrieves the book from where it's lying on top of the dresser, something catches his eye under the field bed, which is still set up from when Emily stayed there. He bends down and finds the glued-together collection of cardboard and tinfoil and odd bits of plastic that represents his and Emily's time machine. Her father must have forgot to pack it when he took her things, or maybe he just didn't see it, or didn't realise it belonged with Emily. Although it's just as much Tristram's time machine as it is Emily's, come to think of it. Tristram holds it in his hand, considering. He has lots of room in his backpack, and it's pretty light. Much lighter than a book. He has lots of fond memories of working on this project with Emily, and somehow he doesn't want to leave it here. Even though he knows they'll be coming back soon. Possibly even by next week. And maybe Emily has been wondering where it is. He holds his backpack open with his clumsy right hand and slides in the time machine and the book.
The others pound the table in approval, shouting encouragement.
John heard a banging noise coming from the kitchen, and rounding the corner, he saw what looked like the aftermath of a small hurricane. Apparently Sherlock had spent the better part of two weeks entirely dismantling the kitchen. Everything that had once been in the cupboards was now turned out onto the kitchen table. The stove had been pushed out from its customary place against the wall to reveal a tangle of wires and tubes.
“If I get blood on you now, it’s your fault.”
“Bloody hell, I’m gonna kill them—”
“And I let it happen. I didn’t try and stop him.” He flexed his fingers into fists above his head. He swallowed hard, forced himself to keep speaking. “I didn’t fight it because I knew he was right.”
Burns’ voice cuts through the tension. “Begging your pardon sir, but Lieutenant Moore is our superior officer, as far as we understood.”
what they want.
Sherlock dreams he’s in a boat on dark water—a tiny skiff, big enough only for one or two people. As he rows over the silent sea, the only sound around him is the rhythmic hiss of his oars as they slice into the surface, which is smooth as glass.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his head inclined over their hands, as though considering their interconnected fingers. He hadn’t moved his hand from John’s grip. John could feel warmth returning to Sherlock’s fingers thanks to the contact with his own.
John always looks brilliant to Sherlock, but this time, he is
“Are you happy now, my siren?”
of your darkest fantasies. Would you like that? Just close your eyes and imagine it’s him.”
“I wanted to give you the chance to have some privacy if you wanted it.” John guides Sherlock’s head forward again, this time with the tips of his fingers on Sherlock’s jaw, and Sherlock’s entire body hums with pleasure. “We’ve never actually spent this much time together before, and I thought… well, I thought you might appreciate some time to yourself. I thought I should give you the option at least. I didn’t want you to feel unduly pressured if you knew that’s what I wanted.”
Sherlock halts mid-stride.
I'm posting this from the youth hostel on my last night in Copenhagen-*SOB* In many ways, this chapter is brought to you by the city of Copenhagen, and several costly minutes writing in the courtyard of the Royal Danish Naval Museum. For more details on this particular adventure, look
He is breathing so hard he cannot catch his breath, gasping for air as though he has been underwater and his head has only just broken the surface.
“What an honor,” Sherlock intoned. He didn’t protest when John started to check his pulse. Not a good sign. His eyes were still closed and his color was steadily worsening. His pulse was weak and erratic.
. I need you. Need you now.”
John dropped to his hands and knees and began crawling rapidly forward.
He watches the boy—Baynes—shoved forward by someone behind him in the direction of the cannon.
Sherlock, quickly realizing that this was a deterrent to his access, reached up with impatient fingers to undo the line of buttons on John’s overcoat.
Sherlock’s cheeks flush hotly at John’s words of praise, but he fights the instinct to stare down at his boots in favor of watching John’s radiant face.
“Midshipman Baynes failed to report for duty this morning, when he was expected on deck at eight bells. It should come as no surprise to any of you to hear that I will not tolerate this kind of negligence. Mr. Baynes will be punished in accordance with the severity of his offense.”
to do with the fact that he knows John will be up in his post in the foretop.
He holds it reverently for a moment in his hands, and then he presses it to his face, inhaling deeply—the scent of it, the scent of Sherlock is so strong, John almost cries out.
Sherlock looks up to see Stamford looking at him with a kind expression on his face.
Sherlock threw him a withering look. “Try me.”
John nods at him, his expression sober, but relieved.
Sherlock nods, whimpering.
He makes a weak sound at the sight of it.
There is a growing ache deep in his belly, a shivering, desperate feeling that makes him push his hand down between his legs and wrap his fingers around himself.
, Sherlock thinks to himself, silently delighted.
John pauses, and Sherlock waits for him to continue, his heartbeat like a piston in his throat.
“Yes, what do I know? It’s not as if I’m a medical professional.” Out of the corner of his eye, John could see one limp wrist dangling over the end of the couch.
He lets go of John’s hand to straighten his waistcoat, looking at John as he does so, watching John smooth that errant lock of hair back into place with his hands, feeling something in his stomach turn over at how unbelievably handsome John is in this moment—the light coming in from the porthole illuminating his broad cheeks, the strong curve of his jaw, the soft line of his mouth.
"Well, I've already accepted for you," Lestrade said. They'd reached his car. He opened the door.
John paused in front of the house to take his phone out. He checked it, then jammed it (ah, there's the anger) back into his jeans and went inside. Sherlock waited, mentally following him up to his flat (light on, second floor, third window from the left), giving him time to put his jacket away and bring the food into the kitchen. Accounted for John's abysmally slow typing. He even gave him time to use the toilet. Still no response.
"He knows it," Sherlock scoffs.
"Hey," John whispers, tearing his eyes away from them to look at Sherlock. "Everything all right?"
"You are a certified genius." John withdrew his fingers from Sherlock's arse and wiped them hastily on the sheet. There was a brief flurry of limbs as they rearranged so that John was straddling Sherlock's hips and leaning forward to brace himself with his hands on either side of Sherlock's shoulders. "Go on then."
"You snore," Emily says, but she's smiling.
"And pack the rest of Tris's things as well," John calls after them. "Anything of his you can find!"
"And how did you know where I was-" John sighed. "Never mind. You think you're being sincere, don't you? All right, come in." He stood back to make the way clear.
"Yeah?" John said, jiggling Sherlock's leg. Rubbing it with his thumb.
He checks the queue. Still two people in front of them. He looks around the rest of the check-in hall. It seems like the entire airport is made of windows, which makes Tristram feel exposed, but there are lots of people between him and those windows, so that helps a bit. There are also security guards - or maybe they are policemen, Tristram isn't sure - walking around, some with dogs who sniff at the baggage people have piled up on their trolleys. Up above, there is an open gallery with shops and restaurants. A security guard is standing there, too, at the railing, keeping an eye on the lower level. He has on a black bullet-proof vest over a white shirt, and a flat hat with a black-and-white-check pattern over the visor, which almost but not quite hides his eyes. He also has a big rifle that he's holding securely across his chest. His gaze sweeps the crowd, slowly, steadily. When he passes over their area, his eyes stutter, just for the briefest moment, before continuing on, but Tristram notices. He also notices something else.
"Well, I wasn't kidnapped," John informs him cheerfully. "Although I almost wish I had been. It's funny, I don't remember the hospital being so dull."
"It's er... yeah. I clearly think this is a very good idea," John says, a playful glint in his eye.
The decorative cowbells are huge things that are worn for the procession when the cows are driven up the mountain for the summer and down the mountain for the winter.
"Okay," Tristram says, and the second time it goes better.
Sherlock was relieved that John wasn't referring to drugs, but his indignation didn't decrease by much. The suggestion that he should be doing something else with his life came uncomfortably close to what Mycroft and many others - including Moriarty - had been telling him for years. It was fun to impress John, but he would not stand for one more person in his life thinking they knew better than he what he should be doing.
"It'll go away."
"I don't know if I have- God, how much do you weigh?" Despite the complaint, Father chuckles through the words.
"Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson said, gingerly, as if afraid he was going to do something sudden and violent.
"Will you let me know?" Mary says, her eyes still trained in the direction John went. "How he's doing, I mean?" She looks up at Sherlock then, grimacing as she indicates her figure. "It's a bit hard for me to, you know. At the moment."
Sherlock slides back on the sofa until he's out of John's reach anyway. "They stopped in here a short while ago, looking for breakfast. If they're not finished, you should be able to find them in the dining room."
John sighed. That was true, it was nearly ten and hardly urgent. "Yeah, all right. Let's see, he took it last night so it's been 24 hours. He should definitely take tonight's dose. Then tomorrow mid-afternoon, and the next day he can start on the morning schedule. I don't think it should be a problem taking them all at once, but they should contact their GP or pharmacist tomorrow to make sure."
Sherlock pushed the door open. Victor stood by the window, holding his mobile phone. The last time Sherlock had seen him, when they'd come to make the arrangements, he'd been wearing a black shirt and trousers, the white tab collar the only outward sign of his vocation. Now, he wore a long, white cassock with a loose, white, lace-trimmed surplice over it and a white stole laid over his shoulders. It was somewhat startling. Like expecting the ravioli to be filled with spinach, only to take a bite and find lemon custard inside.
"Mummy needs a white noise machine to fall asleep. It keeps my father awake, so he sleeps in the guest room." And then, in answer to John's unasked question, he explained: "Mary was here with you last year, and pregnant. He wanted to. This time we're here for two nights, and I suppose he thought we wouldn't mind sharing."
"Well, Holmes, I see you've found your way down to Hell." Johnson clapped one fat hand on his shoulder and shook Holmes' hand vigorously with the other. I didn't like the way his beady eyes gleamed greedily as he took note of the collar around my companion's neck, and I stepped up to Holmes' side. If I had understood the rules of this place, I was his alpha tonight, and I did not intend to let another usurp my role.
Sure enough, after another few seconds that seemed to stretch on forever, the door opened briskly and Sherlock came in, unwinding his scarf.
The best lines in this chapter were written by dioscureantwins because she's sassier than me.
John wipes his hands on the thighs of his jeans and enters the room. "What is it?"
But that isn't the worst part. The worst part is that John feels as if he and Sherlock have lost touch with each other. John wouldn't normally be one to use such a touchy-feely phrase, but he can't think of any other way to put it. And he doesn't know whether the losing touch is the cause of what's wrong or the consequence of all the shit they've gone through in the past couple of years.
Emily and Tristram look at each other and burst out laughing. Doctor Watson laughs too. Pretty soon, it's a contest between them who can find the funniest one. Father stops correcting them, but it doesn't make it any less funny. By the time they finally get to 'Billette', Tristram is afraid he's going to pee from laughing so hard.
the reptilian part of his brain reminded him. He kicked it, scowling, and got up to clear away the takeaway cartons before Gladstone could get into them. He'd already decided there would be no sex tonight, and the stupid third date rule was even more reason
John’s seatmate stiffened, and the hand which had been clutching the fabric of his jeans reached out toward John, and without thinking, John took it. It was cold and clammy and also huge compared to his own. The man’s eyes were scrunched closed again.
John laughed. “We’re a dime a dozen.”
He releases her and steps away.
“Has someone else worn this for you, Sir?” The thought of John putting this on some other man before him makes him feel a bit jealous. He knows that John has had other partners, other relationships, he’d even been married before, but the thought of it makes him feel unsettled and defensive.
“What?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“But you went ahead anyway. And that won’t stand. But you did succeed.”
“Do you need something, Sherlock? I know you can’t be finished already.”
“Of course! I
John gives him a kiss on the mouth, longer than a peck, but not long enough to be inappropriate in front of the guests. It makes him feel better.
“Sherlock. I was going to tell you this before, but when you got arrested and everything went to shit, I thought it best not to say anything. I’ve spoken to your brother, and we think, we both think, you should come to live with me in London.”
Sherlock tries to imagine John and his father in the same room. Too awful to think about. He can barely imagine them in the same town. “Maybe that’s not such a good idea. There’s a slim chance that my brother might show up, although I haven’t heard from him yet. That would be too much.”
On the ride home, Sherlock fills John in on the details of his afternoon.
“Feel good?’
“No!”
"I’m on my way. Ten minutes. Will you be alright till I get there? Ten minutes.”
thought John
“I’ll take it then,” the man says, looking into his eyes intently, still holding the crop under Sherlock’s chin.
John looks at him for a long while before releasing the collar and sitting back in the chair, arms crossed.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, Sir. Those sound great. And don’t forget, I’m buying.”
“You wanna be a pilot?”
*********
He tucked the photo into the pocket of his shirt. He needed a plan. And whatever the plan was, he couldn’t do it alone. He was going to need help. He glanced around the room. Martha, Molly and Louise were seated at one end of the table, finishing their breakfast. Magnussen and Stamford were at the other, playing Yahtzee again. Anderson was on the floor, reading his book.
In fact, he is a bit lightheaded, and John holds him steady by the handle on his back. “You’ve been bent over, and being restrained is affecting your circulation. Can you wiggle your fingers some? Are they tingling? Any numbness?” As John fiddles with the ropes, Sherlock does a quick inventory.
John shakes his head and looks up into the branches above them, feigning exasperation. “That woman. I can’t think of a rule you broke, but you are making me want to put you over my knee right here.”
He remembers last night, his second night here with John. Feeling safe, cared for, and protected. He’d woken several times during the night and lain there just watching John sleeping next to him, concentrating on the places where their bodies touched: a foot, a forearm, a fingertip. Feeling the warmth of John’s skin and watching the rise and fall of his chest. Satisfied that it wasn’t a dream, he had drifted back into dreamless sleep each time. He has a vague recollection of lips brushing his, and a murmured, “Goodbye 'till later, sweet boy.”
“I…I... I was just having a drink," he stammered.
With his freedom at stake, Sherlock, with the help of Molly and Wiggy, tries to figure out who set him up.
“Everybody quiet!” John shouted, getting to his feet.
“Yes.”
“I’m not going to break down the door, but we need to talk. Christ, Sherlock, this should be a happy day.” He slides down the door to sit on the floor and puts his head in his hands. “I’m sorry I answered the phone. It was just really bad timing. Please open the door. I want to talk to you. Please?”
The door opens, and John enters his bedroom. He stands silently, leaning against the doorframe, his hands in his pockets, taking in the display of gifts lined up on the floor.
But before John can comment, Myc continues.
“Well, you cannot possibly go wrong, but, erm, if you’d like my personal recommendation …”
, greets Sherlock, and asks about his symptoms as she performs the routine tasks of taking his blood pressure, temperature, etc. He tries to explain about the exhaustion, the chills, the dizziness, the lack of appetite.
“So, go ask them.”
Sherlock braces himself and keeps his eyes on John’s face. Seeing the change in his expression as their bodies are joined is so erotic that Sherlock barely registers the pain. “Oh!”
MH:  I got the call about the job!  Give J a big kiss for me
“Now we wait,” Sherlock agreed.
The nylon ropes, one, a rich, deep purple, and the other, a bright, fire engine red, are silky soft, with a lot of give. He twists one and it tightens up considerably. He rubs it against his upper lip to assess the softness.
John pinches one of his nipples, then tugs it firmly. He takes the other between his teeth and pulls away, forcing Sherlock to follow. John wraps his arms around him and palms his ass, squeezing and jerking his hips forward. Sherlock is thrown off balance and John holds him until he steadies. Then John sticks his thumbs into the waistband of his boxers again, only this time he draws them down to Sherlock’s ankles. He kisses Sherlock’s belly and nudges the pouch with his nose before tracing Sherlock’s penis with his lips. He mouths Sherlock’s left testicle, leaving a shiny wet circle on the leather as Sherlock watches, spellbound and breathing shallowly
They all shook their heads.
“Yeah. Now that they have what they want, we may be safe. All we can do is wait and see.”
"Right. Good. Always ask for what you want, Sherlock.”
“Yes, Sir. One, two and five.”
“Can I ask you about this, Sherlock? Do you want to talk about it? You don’t have to. But if you wanted to…”
. Had been placed by
Sherlock reddens and scrubs harder. “I know, hideous, I’m taking it out.”
Everyone examined their luggage. Nothing from John’s duffel except a ballpoint pen and his mobile had been taken. He hoped he’d get the mobile back. It was the new Nokia 1101, and he had splurged on it.  His book, notes, newspaper, gum, clothing, and the empty bag that had contained Mary’s biscuits was still there. He pulled out her note and reread it. She would know about the hijacking by now, and she would be worried sick. All of their loved ones would be. The incident would be all over the news.
Sherlock scowls at him, but John laughs.
“Sorry Mrs Hudson, we were just heading upstairs,” Sherlock said.
“He did,” broke in Martha. “But he may have saved
Sherlock grits his teeth and wills himself not to make a nasty retort. His erection is gone now.
Anger surges again, but it soon subsides. The alcohol and sedative work quickly on his sleep-deprived brain as his thoughts turn to what he could have, should have done differently and what he wishes he could do right now. His thoughts are spinning in a thousand directions. Did Sarah suspect Sherlock? But he just started. The drug diversion problem had been going on for months. Had someone at the hospital known about his history? One of his dealers? Of all days, to have been out of town.
Sherlock nods and says, “Mr. Holmes is my dad and he’s the last person I want to think about.”
“Goodbye, Sherlock.”
They have a light dinner. "Because," John says, “There will be hors-d'œuvres, and I expect you to try a few things you’ve never had before.”
“Sherlock, are you sure? It’s a big step.”
“I’m a Physicist at MIT.”
“Which one’s Loki?” Sherlock asks. There had been so many characters to keep track of and honestly, with so much else to think about: London and whatever it is that John wants to discuss with him, he hadn’t been paying close attention. He had enjoyed watching Wiggy, though. The man had been completely immersed in the story and had gasped and laughed and cursed throughout. Sherlock thought he might even have seen a tear when the green woman had been thrown over the cliff by the villain.
After showering and shaving, Sherlock walks into his bedroom, although he’s not yet slept in the bed there, and John is waiting for him. He’s sitting on the bed and pats the space next to him, inviting Sherlock to sit. The plug, the aloe, and a bottle of lube are on the bedside table.
Hearing Annie talk about London
“Oh, god, Sherlock, you perfect thing, I can’t—” John lowers his head and licks into his mouth, chasing after his tongue. They deepen the kiss, and Sherlock moans into John’s mouth. Free finally to touch him, he uses his free hand to stroke John everywhere he can reach, trying to make up for lost opportunities: the back of his head, his shoulder, neck, cheekbones,
He found Will’s wrists and pinned them against the cabin's plank wall, and Will let himself be handled this way with no protest. John kissed him again and again. Even though he had Will pinned against the wall, he wasn’t being rough. It was urgent, but there was a tenderness to it. And it was a revelation. It was as if he had been waiting for this kiss for his whole life, and all the girls had just been practice for the real thing.
that he is—
The envelope says,
Sherlock lays his head on John’s lap, still reeling. “Cambridge.
“I want you there! I want to introduce you to Molly and Hudders, definitely. I just have to...work it out with...somehow.”
“I’m fine. Is everybody dead?”
“That’s the thing. I don’t even know any of them! Maybe it was random, maybe it didn’t have anything to do with me.”
“And you are also a complete idiot!”
Louise tugged on John’s sleeve. “Sir.”
“Mmm, you’ll be nice and open for me tonight.” He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder. “Tell me, did you break any rules when you were getting ready? Did you touch yourself?”
“I don’t think you know how hard it is for me to keep my hands off you sometimes. Right now, all I want to do is fuck you until neither of us can stand up. But that’s not what you need right now and being pissed off about that is the only thing giving me the strength I need to punish you first.”
“OK, then. Let’s just sit here.” He pulls Sherlock onto his lap and gently pushes his head down to rest on his shoulder.
“How would you know?”
“Whoa, there, sweet boy, what’s going on there? Are you all right?” He drops the paddle onto the floor and swings Sherlock’s arm around his shoulder. He half-walks, half-drags him over to the bed and lays him down gently on his belly. “Talk to me, Sherlock, are you OK?”
“No. Keep your hands on the glass.”
He’s so animated, and John smiles to see him so excited. Sherlock switches to another screen, and there she is, Aretha in her burgundy outfit, fur at her collar and cuffs, owning the stage. “My mom got all teary-eyed watching it, and I teased her about it.” He looks at John with a soft smile, and John takes his hand, kisses it, and says, “Show me.”
“Any ideas Sherlock?” Lestrade asked?
“Who?”
“Green, god, please, green.” John scoops them up again. Sherlock's own fingers twitch, wanting to take himself in hand and he's shocked when he restrains himself. His hand has turned against him, or perhaps he’s remembered that word. Obedience. So old-fashioned. He knows what it means. He’s just never heard it used before. But now? It’s what John wants. So that’s what Sherlock gives him. He obeys. He doesn’t touch. Instead, he grips John’s shirt in one fist, his own jeans in the other, and lets John have his way.
John squeezes his hand and whispers, “Good boy." He watches the boy's face carefully to see what effect the words have. Satisfied with what he sees, he smiles again.
Annie pouts. “Well, let me finish up the pictures. I’m sure you have a busy agenda for the rest of the night.”
“Right. Sorry,” John says, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Ms. Hudson, it’s clear that you want what’s best for Sherlock. I want you to know that I do as well. I hope we can be friends. For his sake.”
Something in Sherlock flares. Something defiant, and the words
A light moved in the sky. At first, it looked like a falling star, but it moved in a straight line, leaving a faint trail. It was an aeroplane, like the ones that would take them home tomorrow, to different homes in different countries.
“How does it feel?”
“Yeah. Sure. Mr. Gr—Martin, this is my brother Myc. Myc, this is Martin Greenfield, one of our friends.”
“While you were sleeping, I looked for food,” John said. There wasn’t much, but it’ll have to do. He gestured toward a small pile of blue oblong berries and several mushrooms.
Sherlock slides his foreskin back and forth over the head of his cock as he imagines John pulling his arms above his head and securing them to the rails of the headboard.
He knew from his own experience that distractions helped. So, he thought he’d try that tactic with Sherlock.
Moriarty made a placating gesture with his hands. “My good lady. Yes. I told you I’d fill you in this morning. And I assure you, the sooner you are all out of my hair, the better. But first, I have some business to attend to. Sherlock Holmes, that business is with
Sherlock plays his guitar for John and finds out why he needs a tuxedo this weekend. He also gets introduced to one of the items from "The List".
Sherlock mutters under his breath, “What happened to trust?”
“Indeed. Now that this crisis is over, do you plan on telling him about what we’ve been discussing?"
There was no way he was putting his filthy clothes back on, so he went back to Sherlock’s bedroom to find something to wear. Sherlock’s closet and chest of drawers were another surprise. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind the clutter and disorganization of the rest of the flat, but his closet and drawers would make a mother proud. Neat rows of shirts organized by colour, trousers, and jeans and hung in the closet, and shoes and boots were lined up precisely on the floor.
The last photograph in the folder was that of John Hopley, a small, bookish man with a thin moustache and spectacles.
After convincing her that he wasn’t hungry, he started toward his seat. As he passed through first class, he noticed the rude tourist, the one with the Mind the Gap sweatshirt. He was still wearing his sunglasses and cap and was listening to a Walkman. The bald black man beside him was doing a crossword. Neither looked up. The other first class passengers appeared to be sleeping.
“That’s right. And what else?”
“Like a ray gun or something?” Molly said.
“Dad, stop it, I don't... Just shut up!” Sherlock says angrily as he stalks from the kitchen to his room, puts the chair under the doorknob, and paces back and forth a few times in the small space between his desk and the door. Then he sits on the edge of his bed and picks up a framed photo from his bedside table. A pretty woman in a white sundress and curly-headed boy in an orange T-shirt smile out from the picture. She’s standing behind him with her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders. Her hair is blowing in the breeze, and the waves of Lake Erie are visible behind them. It was taken when Sherlock was eleven on a rare weekend trip to the lake.  Before she got sick. He thinks he can remember how it felt that day to be hugged against her soft body. He’s not sure it’s a real memory or one he constructed from looking at the picture. It doesn’t matter. He traces a finger across her face and whispers, “Mom, it’s not your fault.”
“No, not really. My mom died when I was thirteen.  I live with my dad. My brother works in Washington D.C., and I don’t talk to him much. We don’t really get along.”
Sherlock can’t help himself. He smiles back and says, “Yeah, you were right,” and a little more of the desperate loneliness he’s been feeling slips away.
Reclining his seat several inches, he returned to his book, only to be interrupted again by a ding followed by the captain’s voice greeting them, telling them the travel time to Boston, warning that bad weather was ahead, and to remain seated with seatbelts fastened. Sure enough, the sky outside the cabin had darkened, and raindrops pelted the windows. Soon, the plane bounced and lurched. It was a minor storm, and John wasn’t bothered by it.
“I’ll text you,” she calls out as she drives away.
And Victor said, “Nah.” And then, immediately, ”I mean, you don’t have to. Like, when you feel like it—
“Seven,” Sherlock replied. When will I be able to examine the crime scene? “
It’s an actual graduation card in a simple black and white design, with a mortarboard and tassel, and the words
“Yeah, ‘course I shopped. Do you think I’ve been living on pickles and Lucky Charms? Are your cupboards always so bare?”
“Thanks. I don’t know how I would’ve gotten through this without you. Maybe I can make it up to you somehow. Look me up when you get out.” He writes his number on a scrap of notebook paper and hands it to Wiggy.
He tosses the phone onto the coffee table, but it slides off onto the floor somewhere. He hears the tone indicating John’s response but doesn’t bother trying to find it. Instead, he curls up into a ball on the sofa, hugging a pillow to his chest. John has an important job, and this isn’t the first time he’s had to work late. He’s even stayed at the hospital all night before, but somehow this feels different. Maybe there is no emergency. John isn’t even a regular surgeon at OSU, he’s here to lecture, isn’t he? Maybe he has some other reason to stay late. Could there be another man...or another woman?
“You can trust me. I want to know that you’re OK and I’m really, really curious. About...about everything. You and all of this.” She gestures toward the people mingling in the garden.
“Yeah, that’s me.”
SH:    I know. Could you put some credit on the supermarket account? No school, no breakfast or lunch.
“Maybe I’ve changed.”
But there is no John. Instead, there is a note and two twenty-dollar bills on the refrigerator under a magnet right next to the whiteboard displaying the record of his transgressions. Sherlock wonders if John placed the note there just to torment him.
The first one was from Mycroft Holmes:
“Deep breaths, in and out, that’s it.”
“Oh, Sherlock, I’m sorry.”
“Don’t get too excited,” John says. “We still have to prove it.”
“That hurt?”
“Fair enough,” John said. “Let’s talk about something else. But first, I have one question. I keep forgetting to ask. Why did you change your name?”
“Apology accepted. So you’re staying with John?”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock. I just never imagined that you’d…you know…go for this kind of thing.” John’s hand travels from Sherlock’s back to the curve of his arse and he gives it a squeeze.
“Name’s John Watson.”
“It’s going to be OK. If we keep our wits about us, we can get through this. Breathe. Think. Learn as much about them as you can. Above all, stay calm. Got it?”
“Sucker,” someone said.
“Gary! Billy!” John exclaims.
“We’d descend into chaos.”
“Just a few more minutes. I promise.”
He waves his keycard and opens the door of #1410. Sherlock is lying on the sofa with his laptop on his stomach. Notebooks and pens are scattered on the coffee table. John can see the dark curls above the sofa’s armrest, and one leg draped over the back, barefoot. His long toes are flexing and wiggling. It’s as if the rest of him can lie still only if some part of him is in motion.
Then the mattress shifts, and lips brush his forehead.
“Yes, Sir.”
John is still for a moment and then begins moving, using Sherlock’s hip and collar for leverage. Sherlock arches his back so that John’s cock brushes his prostate with each stroke, and it feels wonderful. It’s a deep and diffused pleasure that radiates from his groin and throughout his belly. His beaded nipples are pressed flat against the window and, with each powerful thrust of John’s cock, the tip of his own rubs against the glass, leaving little smudges of pre-come. The collar, tight against his windpipe but not choking him, brings a new sensation to the experience.
Sherlock said slowly through clenched teeth. The dramatic change in his demeanour left John nonplussed. What had he said to trigger such a shift? Again, he thought perhaps the narcotic was to blame.
“No worries,” he assured her.
The kilt is blue and green plaid with yellow and red stripes running through it. He’s wearing a thick black belt and some sort of pouch hangs from a chain around his waist.
The praise sends thrills of pleasure through him, and he increases his motion. He’s so close to coming, his hand flying up and down his own cock as John drives into him mercilessly. He’s briefly thankful for the practice he’s had from street encounters. They were often rough, and he’d learned how to relax his throat to avoid being choked. But this is nothing like those experiences. He wants this. Wants every inch, every thrust, every bit of John that he can take into himself and when he feels John tense and moan with pleasure and release, he welcomes the warm liquid that spills down his throat. He gulps it eagerly.
“No alcohol, I want your mind clear tonight. I’ll need your consent and I don’t want there to be any doubt.”
“That’s all I can ask for.” John places a tender kiss on Sherlock’s nose, then his lips.
“Of course you are,” the man says, stepping closer to Sherlock, invading his personal space, eyes sweeping the store to make sure that they were still alone.
“Will you just punish me already,
“I don’t need it. My answer is yes.” Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to bring John’s hand to his lips and kiss it. “I want to wear your collar. All the time.”
John’s face softens, and they both turn their heads in Sherlock’s direction.
! He stares at the books on his nightstand for a full minute before picking up his guitar and notebook and tiptoeing quietly down the hall toward the living room where he can play and write without disturbing his father. He’ll read them in the morning and at work tomorrow. There is plenty of time.
They stop by the house to pick up Sherlock’s clothes, and it’s almost three in the morning by the time they arrive at the condo.
"Dear god," Myc whispers.
He took it. “I’m John Watson.”
“I shouldn’t have left you. If I’d only been here. If I’d been able to get the tourniquet on sooner…”
, and finds himself spending his own money for food. His father hasn’t been home for a few days. No calls have come from the Sheriff’s office, so he’s probably not in jail. Most likely he's staying with one of his girlfriends. Except for the money situation, Sherlock is relieved by his absence. He resists texting Myc, but after the third night of pb and j, he breaks down.
“Well, let’s see,” Anderson said. He wasn’t at the table but had taken his food and was sitting on the floor against the wall. “Someone tried to poison me. I’m being held hostage by some nutter, and for all I know, this food is poisoned too. Yeah, I’m just bloody FINE!”
“How is Mama?” John asks. “Taking her medication, I hope.”
John’s used this expression before.
Sherlock hears John mutter “Cheek!” as he heads to the foyer for his collar. He buckles it in place, then hurries to his bedroom
When Sherlock releases his softened cock, John is panting but pulls him up to lick at his lips and taste himself. Sherlock kisses him back, exhaling the scent of sex into his mouth, then curls against his chest to let him catch his breath.
The skull sits between the insect book and the knife, grinning its incessant grin.
Myc walks over to the still-open door of the truck and uses a handkerchief to sweep everything left on the front seat onto the floor mat which he rolls up and carries to his own car. As the police pull in to the lot, he is placing a call. “Anthea…”
But Sherlock doesn’t need to be told. Before John has even finished the command, he’s settled between John’s spread thighs.
He called again, “Sherlock?”
John growls. “The sooner the better.”
Sherlock swallows. As personal as this is, he wants to share it with John. He wants John to know this part of him. This part of him that is still, just a little bit, a boy. He wants to share his joy in these modest gifts that mean everything. And also ask about the money.
“I…um…thought I put you off somehow. That you were angry.”
John strokes in and out and inserts another finger
The thought helps him release some of the tension, and John stretches and twists with a second finger now.
When John comes back, he’s carrying a tray covered with a cloth, which he sets on the bedside table. He gives Sherlock a mischievous grin.
“Sherlock, remember, you cannot take chances like that ever again. Your life is not your own, and when it’s over, it’s not you who will miss it, but those who care about you. Death is a curse on the living. Poor Molly was terrified; we all were.”
John takes a sip anyway as he leans wearily against the wall of the corridor of the Cardiology Unit of the Cleveland Clinic and pulls out his phone. Before he can turn it on, a hand claps his shoulder.
John gently towelled Sherlock’s buttocks as Sherlock dried his hair, arms, and chest. Moving to the front, John slipped the towel between Sherlock’s thighs and over his bollocks. When he did, Sherlock whimpered.
“Yes, Sir.”
“My pleasure! I’ll be your attendant. If you need anything, just press the call button. Now please take your seat, and we’ll be on to Boston.” She hurried away and disappeared into the galley.
Sherlock picks up his guitar, thinks for a moment, and begins to play and sing
“Yeah, I do. You are so fucking incredible; how could I not fall in love with you?”
“You want me to...do push-ups...into your hand?”
Then John found what he hoped was the source of most of the blood. A scab about three inches long on Sherlock’s right temple. Head wounds often look much worse than they are due to the amount of blood they produce. He’d need to monitor for concussion and infection, but it didn’t seem life-threatening.
Sherlock wondered if this were actually true. It was a shame if it was. His current stash was low. He hadn’t used for weeks—before the island—but felt better knowing it was there if things got rough.
She took off her headphones. “Yes, dear. What is it?”
Sherlock side-eyes John with raised eyebrows.
“Um, thanks, Myc, for everything,” Sherlock says, extricating himself.
Placing the needle in the cotton, he pulls back the plunger, drawing the liquid into the barrel. After removing the air, he carefully inserts the needle into his arm at the elbow.
“Boss, he’s not here.”
“True,” Sherlock agrees, “and maybe motive doesn’t matter at this point—if we have our suspect, or at least one of them.”
But now, he can’t think of anything that’s brought him so much pleasure—not even drugs. Bottoming for John has been one of the best experiences of his life. Yet he’s haunted by lingering insecurities and the faint echoes of so many cruel words.
John unbuttons Sherlock’s shirt and runs his hand over the smooth skin, circling a nipple that hardens under his touch. Victor rarely touched him there, and Sherlock had no idea that nipples could be so erotic. He doesn’t touch him anywhere else, but John has him hard and writhing as he licks his thumb and rubs it over the sensitive buds. When Sherlock starts lifting his hips and whimpering, John chuckles and moves his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders, sliding his shirt off.
“And it’s what you want, Sherlock?”
John shakes his head. “Sherlock. What am I going to do with you?  Then he smiles, “Well, besides the obvious.” He is silent for a moment, still holding Sherlock’s face. “I’m glad to hear you are confident about the grade. And even if it isn’t science, it’s important to your future. You
Sherlock makes a face. “Go to a church? And look at tombs of kings and queens? Why would I want to do that? Sounds boring.”
“Cummerbunch?” Sherlock says, “That’s a weird name!”
JW:  Good morning. Have you finished the books?
"It's french. It means boredom. Taedium vitae if you prefer Latin. I've been bored, John. Bored. You've been working so much and always tired. I was missing the way things used to be between us. I was feeling neglected and wanted to make you jealous."
Sherlock grits his teeth and, with great effort, stops thrusting. John is right, of course. “Yes, Sir.”
He’s in bed staring at the ceiling, lying on his hands.
“Good morning,” John said.
Do you love her? It was a simple question, a question that should have a simple answer. But it didn’t.  He did love Mary. In a way. But… But... Love shouldn’t come with a “but.” And it wasn’t her fault. It was nobody’s fault.
“Not now, John. I don’t want to spoil our date. Forget I brought it up.”
“Really? You had a nose job?” Sherlock really
Sherlock swings his legs over the side of the bed and gets to his feet. “Yeah, I think so.” He feels unsteady and not right in a way he can’t quite identify. “I’m fine. I think I just need to eat something and class isn’t until two.”
“You know I’m disappointed. Yes, I’m upset about the drinking, and worse, the smoking
Several other doctors and nurses join the conversation, and they discuss the successful transplant and the quality of hospital coffee. When they’re gone, John once again turns his attention to his phone. Switching it on, he looks at his text messages. Nothing from Sherlock since last night and their tense exchange. John texted him from the helicopter this morning to let him know he’d be in Cleveland for the day and received no response. A clear violation of the rules.
“Why are you getting this spanking, Sherlock?”
“There you are! You’re missing the parade, John’s been looking for you.”
Tipping the Velvet was made into a mini-series by the BBC in 2002 and our own Benedict Cumberbatch had a role.
“Are you going to punish me, Sir?”
They stared at one another for what seemed like an eternity. The creek gurgled, the foliage rustled, and birds chirped in the background. John tried to read Sherlock’s expression. His usual mask of arrogance was gone; he looked almost vulnerable. He looked like that sixteen-year-old boy again.
They walk on the moonlit path along the river, holding hands. This is the first time they’ve held hands in public. It feels magical. They pass other people out enjoying the summer evening: couples, people walking dogs, joggers. They all smile and nod in greeting. No one has given them a dirty look or a rude word. Sherlock can hardly believe it.
Myc snorts. “If I have anything to do with it, he’ll never go home. But I don’t want Sherlock in that house tonight, or possibly ever. We’ll get a restraining order, but it’s no guarantee of his safety. Dad’s crossed a line now. They want to keep you overnight anyway, and at least we know you’ll be safe here,” he says, looking pointedly at Sherlock.
Each boy grabbed his own penis and began to pull and stroke.
There had been so much wasted time.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft, who remained silent.
Instead of heading towards the dessert table, Molly takes him to an unoccupied corner of the small garden, ducking under the boughs of an ornamental tree.
When he doesn’t respond, John repeats, “You’re going to stand in the corner.”
“Excellent observation. And you said English wasn’t your strength.” John gives him a half-grin.
“So, Ms Hooper stabbed guard number one,” Lestrade said, referring to a notebook in front of him.
Sherlock would rather walk than take a chance on ruining his suit. He returns to the call. “Well, looks like somebody’s gonna show up anyway.”
“She’s sick!” Molly exclaimed. “She’s burning up!” And on cue, Martha made a pitiful sound. John had to give the woman credit; she was really getting into her part.
Myc looks like he’s about to say something, but Godfrey beats him to it. “Listen. Sherlock, you have been through a lot in the last two days. This is not the time or place to have this conversation.” His eyes flit to John and Sherlock’s joined hands, and Sherlock sees the raised eyebrows that say that Godfrey understands. “You need to go home, get some rest, and we’ll speak soon. Don’t worry. Your brother is right. I am the best.” He winks and flashes another brilliant smile.
*******
Frothing red spittle dribbled from the man’s mouth, and his eyes were bulging as he struggled to breathe. John looked up to see Molly, trembling from head to foot, a hand over her mouth.
“Awesome.”
Deep breath. “Yes, Sir.”
“Nonsense. I think you should open it.”
“This is my…friend, John, I mean Dr. Watson. Dr. John Watson.”
“Hey!”
“Nope. It’s your birthday and I want to,” Sherlock says, extending his hand for the basket.
Sherlock looks back with hurt eyes and tries to figure out if he does. He thinks of Angelo. He remembers Mr. Greenfield’s words:
They bonded right from the start. John appreciated Will’s dry humour, and Will appreciated John’s athletic prowess. They were both readers and spent lots of time discussing books. John was a Lord of the Rings fan, but Will pronounced the books mind-numbingly dull.
Pulling up his jeans carefully, Sherlock says, “Now I’m starving.”
John hugs him tighter. “So would I, Sherlock. So would I.”
Then John straddles his thighs and kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him. Slow, deep kisses alternating with little bites to his lower lip. John’s mouth on his feels every bit as good as what is going on in his ass. Because it’s
. “Why?”
“Oh yeah. Like that. Fuck yeah.” Sherlock keeps up this stream of encouragement, punctuated by moans and whimpers until the tension building in his groin threatens to explode. “Oh, John, I’m gonna come.”
is still so fucking unbelievable.
“You know that I wouldn’t have been upset if you hadn’t been able to read the books. But I was angry with you for lying. You knew that. But here you are, apologizing. Why did you apologize? Why not let it pass, hope that we could just forget about it?”
They hadn’t picked up any napkins from the ice cream kiosk, and Sherlock licks the drips from his fingers. As he does, he notices John watching him. Sherlock looks around, then continues licking, slowly and deliberately, sliding his index finger completely into his mouth and then out again, poking his tongue out to flick at the tip. Sherlock can barely keep from grinning as he watches John's eyes dilate as they fix on his mouth. Sherlock repeats the action with each finger before wiping his hand on his shorts and smiling broadly at John. “What?”
After taking a gulp of beer, Sherlock crosses the floor, weaving between the early guests who are standing in small groups, drinking and talking. John is standing near the door with an older couple, attractive, well dressed, and carrying a bottle of something—probably something expensive. When he is close enough, John puts a hand on his shoulder and says. “Sherlock, I’d like you to meet Dr. Katharine Whitney, the dean of the Medical School, and her husband Isa.” Sherlock wipes his hand on his jeans before extending it—remembering to look the woman in the eye like he’d practiced. “Pleased to meet you.”
Backstage, then, amidst the tumult of getting children out of costumes and wigs, John went around handing out Christmas tree ornaments he'd had made up with a picture of the class, himself and Sherlock, taken from the video they'd made for Mycroft. Sherlock didn't say anything, because the gesture seemed to satisfy some need for closure that John had. Molly was beaming and flitting around uselessly, and parents were coming up to thank Sherlock and say what a shame it was he wouldn't be back next term and wishing him luck (what in the world had they been told?); there were even children crying that they didn't want him to go. Sherlock was strongly tempted to ask whether they recalled anything of his classes.
All the things that John's certain Sherlock still isn't telling him.
"The cathedral ruins," John said finally, just as the silence had become comfortable. "Something about that's wrong for you."
Father's eyes do not flicker away from his for even a fraction of a second. "Don't look around. Don't move. Tell me," he says.
"Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face," Moriarty retorts, sounding like he's had just about enough of her.
He hears her footsteps descending the stairs again, only to return a short while later, followed by a light weight settling over him. Then someone's lifting his head and when they let go, his cheek is resting on something soft that smells like her flat: lavender and lemon. It's not a pillow; it's too thin for that. Maybe one of the little embroidered throws from her couch.
"Not so bad though," John said, his voice pitched halfway between a statement and a question.
The look on Sherlock's face only grew more oblique.
(See the end of the chapter for
As to John's comment, Sherlock pulled a face. "How could anyone possibly be induced to
"I'd rather go back tonight, but -"
Tristram tries to reassure her as best he can. Father's said several times that they were safe here, and Tristram has to believe that's true. "I think... I think this is like the safe house, only it's a whole safe country. They can't get us here. But maybe we can't go back until they find whoever's the real bad guy."
Sherlock flinched. John's hand was between them in a fraction of a second, pushing against Moriarty's shoulder.
"You'll be walking directly into a trap," John says, as if he doesn't think Sherlock's aware of the fact.
Tristram always does. He nods anyway. "Okay."
"No, but I'm not going back to Mary either. Think that's pretty clear at this point."
Doctor Watson's jaw tightens. "Right. Right... And now?"
The name comes to him a moment later anyway: Janine. Another little treat Mary brought into his life. Their lives. Her last name remains buried somewhere in the Freudian depths of his psyche, but all he needs is her first name to say hello.
Father looks up at Doctor Watson from where he's hunched down on the floor as if he were mad. "This is the message, John. We're not bringing these to Bart's. Well, maybe to use the lab. Wouldn't it be brilliant if they've put something
"Now we're going to hear it," Sherlock says darkly and flops his mobile down into his lap again.
"Appreciate it." John smiled and patted Sherlock's leg, leaving his hand there.
"Have you any plans for today, Holmes?" Watson asked casually as we sat over the remains of our breakfast. His tone was too light, his gaze too fixed on the newspaper he held in his lap. He was up to something, but, infuriatingly, I could not tell what. I had had to re-learn his moods and tells upon my return from my enforced absence many months earlier. We had both changed during that period. There were still things that eluded me, parts of him that remained hidden. Where once his body and mind had been to me an open book, free for my perusal and pleasure, nimbly wandering its well-worn pages, now both remained locked up and sealed as if behind smoked glass.
"I got my mobile," she tells him happily, patting the pocket of her jeans. "My dad packed everything and brought it along." She seems very relieved. "Yours too?"
"Looks like Mal has dinner ready," Mr Holmes said.
It turns out that one of Tristram's bandages did come loose, but there was no harm done and it's easily re-bandaged. Doctor Watson didn't have room to bring the big medical case he had on the night Tristram was shot, but he's managed to fit quite a lot in the smaller kit he has with him now.
But again, he didn't have time to change back unless he wanted to be late, and John wouldn't notice his attire anyway. One last glance in the mirror, and he went downstairs.
Anticipation.
Once in the bedroom, John closed the door behind them, and Sherlock dropped his hand. They both stood there in the dark, breathing.
"Go on," Sherlock says.
"It's all right, Em, no one's angry," Doctor Watson assures her. "And you didn't do anything wrong. Tris was just startled."
"Tenuous." Sherlock relaxes as the topic moves onto less emotional fare. "His office is on the thirty-second floor. It's airtight all the way up. No chance of getting in from the inside, unless you want to go full frontal, but you'd need an entire battalion."
"Welcome to the world of Sherlock Holmes, Doctor. Cheers." He takes a sip of his drink.
"So is it from your family?" she presses him.
," Emily says.
A flicker of hesitation in Victor's brown eyes, his grip loosening.
Without stopping playing, he gave them a quizzical look and mouthed, 'What?'
"This is going too far, John," Emily's Aunt Clara is saying in a low, serious voice.
That's not a very satisfactory answer at all, in Tristram's opinion. John's leg got better seemingly overnight. He didn't have to go through lots of meetings with a strange woman. But then he also said that the pain in his leg and Tristram's panic attacks weren't exactly the same thing. So they probably have to be fixed in different ways. Maybe there really isn't anything else Tristram can do other than what John said. It's a discouraging thought.
Tristram hums an affirmation. He did tell him, back before everything with Mister Tonga happened. He didn't quite mean it then, but he said it because he didn't want his father to be unhappy because of him. Now he finds he actually means it. Or would mean it, if he said it to his father now. Not that he particularly wants to see Father and Doctor Watson doing that - he actively avoids thinking about those pictures from the photo machine - but he really, truly doesn't mind that Doctor Watson and his father are very good friends now. Maybe even boyfriends.
"He is a good-looking bloke, though," John said.
Sherlock paused with his second glove halfway on and gave John a deep, mustering look. John held his gaze. There was determination, but also a fragility Sherlock had never noticed in him before. John had always embodied certitude, action, and both physical and moral strength to Sherlock, but there was also the side to him that said he was nobody, that called himself a wreck, that didn't think he brought anything of substance to the table. And, come to think of it, who - despite all his positive qualities - hadn't had any serious relationships in something like fifteen years. (Not that Sherlock's life was exactly a measuring stick for such things.)
"I can't. It's... not a good time right now," was all Sherlock could manage to come up with.
Sherlock's body was warm and solid under his shirt -- he'd removed his jacket for the washing-up -- and John found his hand lingering longer than strictly necessary. Sliding across his back rather than a clean breaking of contact. Sherlock's eyes on his, a moment poised in time, before he said a quick thanks and stepped away to deposit the dishes in the sink. John clenched his hand, berating himself for the slip-up yet unable to regret it entirely.
Doctor Watson gets up and follows him. "What's the plan for today, then?"
John stares at his hand but doesn't take it. His expression is stony.
Moran laughed outright. "Jim said you were boring, but I'm beginning to think he just wanted to keep you to himself."
Sherlock shrugged his indifference, but observed keenly how John added a portion of creamer from the supply of little plastic pots. Noted. He wasn't fooled by the casual manner in which John referred to his army experience. It was a huge sign of trust for him to mention it at all.
"I was having a private conversation yesterday, as I said, with a colleague of mine, and …" Sherlock could not bring himself to do it. If he told the truth, he would look foolish, yes; Lestrade would be embarrassed (but not egregiously so; he'd had to cover Sherlock for worse than this), and Moriarty would be gleeful. All unfortunate but bearable outcomes. But the one who would really suffer was John. Sherlock had made the larger mistake and John the smaller one, but John was the one with a greater sense of honour and justice. He would be mortified. Oh, Sherlock would keep his name out of it here; he could still make it look like Moriarty was at fault. But that wouldn't matter to John. He would feel guilty all the same. And Sherlock simply couldn't do that to him like this. He deserved at least the decency of having the truth told to him in private. And so Sherlock made the decision to allow the sham to continue just a short while longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Message: :)
"You're talking about going behind Greg's back."
John paused in typing up his notes from the case they'd solved that afternoon. Sherlock had said it looked interesting enough to end their visit for, although he probably would have said that about a dognapping. Four days at his parents' house was apparently his limit. His father was doing well, having been sent home yesterday afternoon. He was taking the stairs slowly but not getting winded or experiencing any chest pain. The incision was healing well too. John had checked it one last time before they left that morning, deeming even the light dressing no longer necessary.
Only one question left in the round. He had no chance of catching up to SassyFox, even if she got this wrong.
"Who?"
2 eggs
Tristram nods. He feels stupid now, his shock giving way to embarrassment.
"After what happened, I mean. Right back to normal."
Sherlock has to shift his position to keep his hand on John. His eyes flick intently from what he's doing up to John's face and back. John's head is hanging down, his eyes are screwed shut and his breaths are puffing out audibly from his open mouth.
Sender: Wiggins
"We don't--"
"No? What, you have some kind of mind tricks? You're not actually a wizard, you know."
But John didn't say anything, not even when they were over halfway to Sherlock's house. Sherlock chanced a glance. John looked tense, but not upset. His shoulders curved in, not thrust back: insecure, not angry. Carefully maintaining his own body space, but walking close enough that they could easily touch, if either of them wished. Oh, for goodness' sake! Sherlock almost snorted out loud as the realisation hit: did John really think Sherlock wasn't interested any more, just because he'd pulled back for a few days?
"Oh yeah, he did," John says. "Sent me a
"I said I'd take care of it."
%%%%%%
"Well, it's too late now, it's all arranged. You have to tell the parents something," Lestrade insisted.
John smiled, a bit. "Drunken debauchery on his stag night followed by a night in jail."
Father also made sure the doctors saved the pieces of glass they took out of his back. The vast majority were tiny slivers, but some were big enough to pick up without even using tweezers. Tristram imagines he must have looked like a hedgehog. And then there were three pieces that were as long as the blade of a pocket knife. Those were the ones that left cuts deep enough to need stitches.
"And what was this all about then, hm? Was this just some test? Some new way of mucking me about?"
The door clicked open. John was no more than a darker shadow in the grey rectangle of the doorway. "Sorry," he said softly.
Sherlock cuts him off with a glare. "Nothing happened to me."
John takes a step back and holds his hands up to show he's not going to stop her. His face looks like he's smelt something unpleasant. Tristram, on the other hand, lurches after her.
He spoke the words first, then played the phrase again and sang it as well, for good measure. When he indicated that they should sing it back, perhaps a third of them made an attempt, and even those trailed off somewhere between Nazareth and the shofarim.
Message: Reverend entered cafe. Table @ bk wall. Glass of water.
John whimpered and bit his lip as Sherlock pressed into him, twisting his hand to break past the initial clench of John's entrance. The stretch was welcome, and John sighed with it, but John needed more. He needed Sherlock to touch him where no one else had, to do to him what no one else could. Sherlock sat up a bit so he could spit down onto the spot where his fingers were breaching John, adding more lubrication. He missed slightly in the semi-darkness, and his saliva landed first on John's testicles before oozing down where it was needed. Sherlock slowly worked his fingers in, turning and retreating only to push a bit further in the next time.
"I don't either," Emily agrees, stoutly now, and maybe, Tristram considers, Father wasn't working against Doctor Watson after all.
. The Parkhotel du Sauvage has 4 stars, but I bumped the Englischer Hof up to 5 just for fun.
Uncle Mycroft lets the suspense build while Father fusses with his violin.
"So where'd you go?" John asks, deliberately casual.
"Yeah." His tongue appeared between his teeth as he kneaded her breasts, rubbing his thumbs over her nipples and sending zinging lines of arousal right down to where they were connected. She sat up and rocked on him, grinding her pubic bone against his and further stimulating her swollen vulva on the roughness of his pubic hair.
; it felt awkward even to think it -- a friend. John was his friend. John was the one he wanted to spend time with, the one who made him feel good and important and interesting. It wasn't that he disliked Lestrade. He was tolerable, as people went. One of the very few in that category, in fact. Mrs Hudson (was he going to have to start calling her Martha now?), Molly, Janine, even Irene, although he thought of her more as a like-minded adversary or rival than someone he genuinely liked. Maybe Wiggins and a few of the other denizens of the streets he had occasional dealings with. They all certainly had admirable qualities, here and there. A sense of humour or a toughness or a sharp intellect.
So that's how it was: we must succumb to the fellow's prurient curiosity in exchange for an interview with the informant. An ugly barter, and not one I was pleased to have entered into. We moved away from the odious alpha into the relative anonymity of the crowd, but I felt his sharp gaze following us. Had we really just agreed to engage in some act of personal violence in exchange for an audience with a hostess of debauchery?
Father smiles, a little. "No, not that. I mean why you've grown up with only one parent."
"We will, by and by. We have some business here first," Watson replied. I peered out the window. I hadn't paid attention when Watson instructed the driver on our destination, assuming it to be Hampstead as he had announced at breakfast. There wasn't anything down this way aside from Highgate Cemetery. The hack drew his horses to a stop in front of the very gates. Watson stepped down and went to pay him.
John is happy. Mary makes John happy. John is happy with Mary. Happy, happy, happy. Sherlock repeats the word to himself until it becomes nonsensical.
mother, as he'd be the first to point out. Although she's somehow managed without you for the past thirty years, you'd think she'd make it one more night."
He was really quite pleased with the way things had gone. All he had to do now was build on John's good will, without pushing too hard. He'd decided last night that he'd rather have John as a friend only than not have him in his life at all. It was an admission of weakness, yes, but some weaknesses were worth giving in to. Having John around had made even the long hours in the classroom and preparing for this horrible play bearable, and if John's presence could work such a miracle as that, how much better would it be when he was finally free from this school and doing something he actually wanted to do? As soon as he figured out what that was.
Tristram cannot let himself think about them: Father and John and Emily. Emily especially, because Father's been in sticky situations before and he's always got out of them, and John used to be in the army - and he seems like the kind of person who can take care of himself, especially the way he had Irene up against the wall, ready to crush her trachea before anyone had so much as blinked - but Tristram can't help remembering Emily being dragged away, kicking and screaming, by her Aunt Claire Friday Afternoon at the warehouse. And Aunt Claire wasn't even that big.
He freezes, blinking in the sudden brightness, completely unable to process what he sees.
"Which is why we're being safe tonight."
"Can we help you?" Doctor Watson asks as soon as they're within speaking distance.
Moriarty pulls back and continues, more casually this time. "A real one, that is. Just one look at poor, infatuated Sherlock was enough to tell me all about the way you handle that piece of equipment you hide in your pocket. Of course as a doctor, even in the army you never would have needed to use a live weapon, but we all get an itchy trigger finger now and then, don't we?"
Father looks as if he doesn't want to answer that, but finally says, "Yes."
The door opens and Doctor Watson looks down at them, then sighs and rubs his hand down his face. "Go up to your room and ... find something to do until Sherlock comes," he says tiredly. When he takes his hand away, there are lines all over his face, but he's smiling, even if it's a small smile."Can you do that? And no playing Emergency either. I don't think your aunts could handle it right now." Tristram didn't expect that to be Doctor Watson's reaction. He hasn't even said anything about them listening in when they shouldn't have. Maybe he doesn't know they heard anything.
"No, just. Hearing you play. I liked it when you played on Christmas. The last one we had in London, I mean. That Christmas party at the flat?" He looked up at Sherlock, who hadn't moved away. Again that perusal of John's face, the feeling that there was something John was missing. John's heart ratcheted up a beat.
Doctor Watson smiles a bit and looks a little less intense. "Okay, that's great. That is really, really great. Because then you know that you can trust me in this too. I will find someone for you to talk to, and I will make sure your dad makes an appointment for you with them, and that he takes you. And if you want, I'll make sure he stays right there in the waiting room the whole time, just like we did during Emily's session. Okay?"
Tristram can't sleep. He's been lying in the dark for a long time. He's not used to this complete blackness. Even with the curtains drawn tight in his room back home, there's enough light from the street lamps outside for him to see the outlines of every piece of furniture, the globe Uncle Mycroft gave him for his birthday after he'd seen how fascinated Tristram was by the big one in his office, the row of glass jars on his window sill where he was testing evaporation rates. Here, the only illumination is from the moon, and the heavy green drapes are doing a very thorough job of blocking even that faint light. He can't even see the lamp on the night stand right next to him, impractical if he needed to turn it on in a hurry.
I met Holmes in his room, where he had already stripped the bed and removed his dressing gown and shirt in order to minimize any chance of flammable materials coming close to the flame. He had turned the lamp down as well, for atmospheric reasons rather than practical ones, I presumed. This left the room dim and shadowy, but well enough illuminated that we should not be concerned about accidentally knocking anything over.
"Moran - was not - the head," Sherlock says slowly and triumphantly. "Whoever it is, he's given himself away with the attack tonight. Although he may have wanted to. Everything's been meticulously planned, that much is clear. I can't believe he'd have let his hand be forced already." He turns to brace his hands on the guardrail along the side of Tristram's bed, his fingers drumming rapidly.
John's arm suddenly darts out to the basket in the middle of the table with individual portions of jams, marmalades, and chocolate spread. "See, Ems, they have strawberry," he says, holding up a miniature, foil-sealed plastic pot with, indeed, a picture of a strawberry on it. His expression looks a bit desperate.
"Why not?" Emily asks indignantly. Tristram is also immediately and hugely curious.
Sherlock made a face. "That hair."
Tristram wonders whether Irene has been to all those places. It doesn't say Singapore, he notes.
He didn't know what made him suggest that, of all things, but his curiosity had been piqued by the sign at the entrance. He'd never done it, but he imagined it might be similar to some of the training exercises he'd done in the army, where they had to navigate a course with figures popping up, deciding in a split second whether they were friend or foe, whether to fire or pass on by. He'd always found them to be great fun. And that's what he wanted their outing to be: fun. No pressure, no performance. No threats or madmen, no blood or broken bones. For Sherlock to see that he didn't have to invent cases or try to cater to John's admittedly danger-seeking side in order to keep him around.
Sherlock gives him a look. "You can't really believe that Mycroft would be so sloppy as to let documents relating to any member of our family languish in a public archive."
"Yes, that's his," Sherlock agrees, his eyes not leaving John's face. They both stand there, breathing and watching, teetering on the edge of something. Sherlock breaks the moment then, directing his sight back out to the city. "And that one-" He shifts his arm slightly to the right. "-is the one that I can get access to."
Tristram decides not to point out she's just asked the same question twice, instead answering simply, "Yeah."
"Yeah, no," John said. It didn't really matter. Things were what they were. People had always made assumptions, and that hadn't changed things between them.
Coarsely grate the potatoes and onion into a clean tea towel and then squeeze out the excess liquid by twisting the towel. Place the mix in a large bowl.
Tristram knocks once, lightly, and says, "Father?" as loudly as he dares, not wanting to wake Emily and Doctor Watson in the next room. He waits a moment, then, not hearing any response, opens the door.
Their laughter faded away, leaving a portentous silence. Charged.
But Sherlock laughed, making the mattress shake. "Got you."
"Doubtful, but I see that I have no choice," Sherlock muttered. Not if he wanted to keep this job, and he did, at least until he figured out something else to do. There was a time when he would have vacated his desk without a second thought, but Lestrade was unfortunately correct in one thing: Sherlock had changed over the past several years. He didn't like to think he was more responsible, necessarily - that would mean he did things because other people expected him to - but he was more aware of consequences, and losing his only source of income from one day to the next with no replacement in sight for the forseeable future would bring all sorts of very nasty consequences with it, things he would really rather not have to deal with like banks and creditors and the unemployment office, along with the even worse prospect of 'I-told-you-sos' and 'oh-Sherlock-you-didn'ts'.
When they leave the museum, John reaches up and breaks off two of the big icicles from the roof and hands them to Tristram and Emily. Emily promptly licks hers like a giant ice-lolly. Tristram's first thoughts are of all the experiments he could do. He could cut cross-sections to look at under the microscope, or maybe put it in the freezer and see if it grows. He could cut it into sections of equal weight and see how long it takes each piece to melt in different places: one up in his room, one on the windowsill in the kitchen, one ... and then he remembers that they're in Switzerland and he doesn't have access to a microscope or a freezer or any of the rooms in their flat. He's not that set on doing an experiment anyway. Not when there are toboggans and ice restaurants and marching games with Emily and Father and John.
Sherlock fidgeted, ignored the impulse to touch his hair.
It was closer to the truth than Sherlock felt comfortable with, but all he said was, "Just bored."
"No," he said curtly, now following some invisible track down her neck to her chest, barely touching her, only the tip of his nose or - perhaps inadvertently - his lips brushing her skin, leaving a trail of not-quite-enough in their wake.
Tristram glances quickly at Father, who's watching him like he's hoovering up every bit of information with his eyes. His main concern, always, is where his father is, but that's been answered. Secondary to that is the state of his father's health, but he presumes there won't be much opportunity for him to be injured while he's shut up in a bedroom with Doctor Watson. Having a nightmare isn't really a concern. His father never does anything for him when that happens anyway. Well, all right, sometimes he'll play his violin, but he doesn't have his violin here so that's a moot point. And he knows if he's really, really upset, or hurt, or sick, the same goes for him as for Emily: knock and one of them will come out. So, no, he doesn't really have any concerns. As Doctor Watson said, it will be just like when he and Emily stayed at their flat. And that was actually fun, aside from the whole walking in on their fathers in the living room part, but that can't happen here because there will be a door between them, and everyone's in agreement as to where everyone else should - and wants to - be.
"The bodyguard," he says, pleased with how steadily his voice comes out, "the one who wasn't really a bodyguard, he's here."
"I really don't-" John began, but Sherlock interrupted with a curt "Good evening" and shook the lead to signal to Gladstone that he should walk on.
"What the bloody hell is this?" Lestrade's face was that particular shade of red it only developed when Sherlock was involved.
Father grabs the phone and immediately starts sending a text, no doubt to Uncle Mycroft. "Mycroft will take care of anything that needs to be signed at the hospital," he tells Doctor Watson.
Tristram is a bit surprised by that statement. Doesn't she know...? But looking at her entirely sincere expression, he realises she doesn't. No one's told her that the bullet was meant for her father, and that if he hadn't come over, no one would have been shot at all. Or at least not then and there. On the other hand, maybe it was good that Doctor Watson was there, so that Tristram could push him out of the way. He doesn't think that's what she means, though, and he understands without being told that Emily can never be allowed to know the truth. So he says, "Yeah, it was."
"Excellent. Up we go then." Sherlock untangled himself and stood, holding out a hand to pull John up.
"You weren't so certain of that last night."
"We could-" Sherlock begins, but John cuts him off.
Everyone looks down. A white plastic box is standing right outside the door. Tristram recognises it as the type that's used to transport body parts. Father must have asked someone to drop something off for one of his experiments. But Father doesn't pick it up. Instead, he snaps his arm out as if to hold everyone else back, and crouches down, craning his neck so he can look at it from every angle.
"He didn't finish his tea," Emily informs John as she comes into the kitchen from the living room, wearing the leggings and old shirt of her mother's that she sleeps in.
Out on the stage, the mayor was calling the audience to order. Sherlock was standing in the wings, John and Molly nearby lining the children up for the first number. Sherlock had secured Gladstone in an out-of-the-way corner to wait out the half hour the play should take.
"Lestrade, I can't possibly-"
Watson did not invite me to his second wedding. I do not know whether he intended it as a kindness or a slight. I took it as neither, merely an expedience. Things became difficult since the Wilde affair. I sought refuge in my needle and my work, he in his pipe, his practise, and before long, a new paramour. I contrived to meet her, once, in the disguise of a philanthropist soliciting contributions to a foreign mission. She was perfectly acceptable, a spinster but of an age with him, somewhat long in the face but still handsome in the way of women who devote their lives to intellectual pursuits: a writer in a Bohemian circle. They met through his publisher.
"Couldn't you have her stripped of any parental rights? Moriarty said he had something on there that would do it-"
"No. Bollocks," he responded, flustered. "This isn't how this is supposed to go.
Tristram considers attempting to continue the ruse that he's asleep, but he knows his father would rather be out following leads and tracking down clues. Plus, the conversation has given him quite a lot to think about, and he'd rather do so without his father in the same room, listening in. He knows his father can't really hear what he's thinking, but sometimes it's so eerily close that it makes Tristram feel self-conscious about thinking anything at all.
Tristram wonders why he's asking Father, since Tristram was the one who made the food. Tristram also knew Doctor Watson went out to do the shopping. He was hungry, though, and didn't want to wait. He's used to fixing food for himself. Father didn't even register what they were doing. Just like now: he's effectively ignoring what's going on in the kitchen.
That really wasn't the case, but she wasn't going to argue it. "Maybe."
"Except you, of course."
"I don't know." He turns his head halfway toward John.
"No," John agreed. There was something about sleeping with someone -- just sleeping -- that was even more intimate than sex, in a way. It involved trust, knowing the other person could do anything to you, but wouldn't. Waking during the night to hear someone else breathing next to you. Being able to reach over and touch them, knowing they trusted you just as much. Just being close. Sex was usually over so fast, but lying in the same bed for several hours was.... more, somehow. At least it could be, in John's experience. When the other person was important. When the relationship was important. When there were feelings involved that it was really much too early in the morning to be thinking about.
Sherlock handed Gladstone's lead to John and ducked into the shop. He hadn't had a chance to observe John's beer-drinking habits, so he chose a mid-priced brand that seemed to be popular, given the location and volume of the shelf space dedicated to it. On his way to the cashier, he passed another display and hesitated. It was probably more than a bit optimistic. John might consider it presumptuous. He'd only said they would talk. Or was that a euphemism? Sherlock grabbed the smallest package on offer and stowed it deep in his roomy coat pocket as soon as he'd paid. If nothing else, he could come up with an interesting experiment or two. He'd need something to occupy his time, after all, if John left for good.
John holds out his hands, palms forward. "Irene, put the gun down," he says, very calmly, very firmly.
"Will you just... " John looks pained. "Stop. Stop with that nonsense. I'm coming with you because I want to help you... get Tristram back, or whatever else you need, and because I..." He takes a step toward Sherlock but holds back before reaching him and puts his hands in his pockets. "You've been gone for three days, Sherlock," he says helplessly. "I didn't know if you were dead or..." His voice cracks and he stops and clears his throat. "Hell," he rasps, looking away. "Sorry."
This was stupid. He was being stupid. They were both being stupid. John threw the covers back and sat on the edge of the bed. He was going to do this. No talking necessary. Before he could push himself to his feet, though, a fresh wave of doubt hit him. Sherlock didn't want a physical relationship. If he did, he... no. No. It didn't matter. They were already in a relationship. They had been for years. They were raising a bloody child together. He wasn't imagining it. Nor was he imagining 'It'. It didn't matter what they got up to in the bedroom, if anything. What mattered was that they were honest with each other, and with themselves. And that Sherlock didn't sleep on the couch for the rest of his life like some dishonoured spouse. Which was, perhaps, too apt a comparison.
Sherlock tuned out of the discussion of schedules, mostly because it was dull but also because John had just done something rather surprising: he'd trusted completely that Sherlock would do what he said he would. Most people would have asked first whether he had the camera, both implying that his memory was faulty (this wouldn't even have been an insult: most people's were) and recalling Sherlock's outburst from the day before, when he'd said that filming the children would be a waste of time. But John had taken Sherlock at his word. Sherlock had said he'd bring a camera, and John had displayed complete and utter confidence in the truth of that fact. It was a small thing, nothing to get sentimental about, yet Sherlock found himself doing just that.
Tristram doesn't think his father really expects an answer, but he shakes his head because he doesn't think that at all. He knows it's to protect him, just like he'd been told not to go with anyone but Doctor Watson after school, and he went with Emily's Aunt Claire and ended up in the warehouse and... Tristram's stomach twists more than a little uncomfortably. He feels absolutely wretched.
"Teeth and skin," he murumurs, "teeth and skin." He closes his eyes and tilts his head, as if he's listening to something. "Skin and bones, skinflint, skin...sink! Sink your teeth in... no, no, no, skin and teeth, skin and teeth..." His eyes pop open. "By the skin of your teeth." The pleased expression at having solved the puzzle dissolves quickly into a grimace of distaste. "Oh, please. Yes, we knew that already." He covers the plate again and slides it off the table, balancing it on one hand. Only then does he look at Tristram again. "Let's go," he says and starts for the door.
It got to the point where John was fairly miserable over the whole situation, and when Sergeant Pennington's engagement do went down, he may have ended up having a couple of shots too many and saying more to Greg than he'd actually intended to.
%%%%%
"What are your symptoms?" John asked, getting a sneaking suspicion. He'd complained of indigestion that morning already. He definitely didn't look well.
Finally, finally, they are there. He collapses in the doorway. The floor is cold on his bare chest, but he is overwhelmingly relieved that it's over. He's stopped crying at some point, but his breath is still all hiccoughy and unsteady. Doctor Watson hastily crawls over him onto the landing of the stairs, grips Tristram under the arms and pulls him the rest of the way out of the living room. Tristram can't help protesting as the rough motion jostles his back and his arm, but Doctor Watson lets go of him right away and lets him lie where he is now. Tristram feels Doctor Watson moving behind him, then the door to the flat closes and Doctor Watson turns on the light in the stairway. Tristram flinches and closes his eyes at the sudden light.
"You- " John looks down and tries to regain control of himself. "Two shots, Sherlock. It took me two shots. I might have killed someone else with the first-"
John whined and bit down hard on his lower lip, his back curled in and his abdominal muscles starting to clench, and Sherlock immediately engulfed John's penis in the wet heat of his mouth once more, sucking it as far back as it would go, curling his tongue around it and hollowing his cheeks to give him as much pressure and contact as possible. John gasped and all of a sudden Sherlock's mouth was full of hot liquid, which he swallowed and gulped down as fast as he could. He couldn't quite stop himself from choking a bit, and he had to sit back, still in a crouch, and balance himself with one hand against the floor while he coughed and regained his breath.
"You'd be sorely mistaken if you think I'd play Christmas carols for my parents," Sherlock said, his voice warm and intimate, with a touch of amusement.
"I didn't..." He shakes his head and mutters, "God, I don't know what I was thinking. You were — " He deliberately puts his hand over Sherlock's this time, lacing their fingers firmly together. "You are the best thing to ever happen to me, and I took it all for granted."
were you thinking?" he demands, keeping his voice to a loud whisper and pointing accusingly at the dead man on the floor.
"Come here," John whispered, pulling Sherlock down with him onto the furs he'd already laid out in preparation for sleep.
Doctor Watson looks like he's about to rip Father a new one. That's what one of Sebastian's friends said after Doctor Watson scared them away that day way back long ago outside the school: 'I thought that old man was gonna rip you a new one!' Tristram likes the sound of the phrase, even if he doesn't know what new one is to be ripped (and he doesn't think Doctor Watson is that old, even if he does have grey hair and lines on his face). He's also not sure Doctor Watson is looking at Father in exactly the same way that he looked at Sebastian and his friends. There's less menace and more disappointment. Or frustration. Something uncomfortable, anyway, something that Tristram doesn't like seeing in the lines around Doctor Watson's eyes.
When they catch up with John and Irene, Emily says she wants to sit down somewhere and have something to drink. Tristram almost suspects she's only saying so because she thinks he should sit down and have something to drink. He's half grateful and half resentful. His knees are still a bit wobbly, but he's not a baby. He doesn't need anyone else to decide what's best for him. But when he searches her open, earnest face, he can't see any signs of subterfuge. Maybe licking the icicle really did make her thirsty.
Sherlock had a momentary flash of panicky indignation that Lestrade would have talked to John about his past, until John continued, "You should be on the telly, or … I don't know, something important. That's a real talent you've got."
This is set in the middle of chapter 17, immediately following Sherlock and John's visit to Whitehall Studios.
John squeezes his hand around his glass, glaring at it. "If he's played me on this..."
"How do I look?" Sherlock stepped into the living room, tugging on his cuffs to straighten his shirtsleeves under his jacket.
"Tris? Can you hear me?" Doctor Watson asks. His voice is low and gentle again, but still urgent. Tristram makes a sound through his sobs that could signify agreement. "All right, good. That's good," Doctor Watson says. "I'm just going to lift up. I don't want you to try to move yet."
"You don't have to stay," Tristram says in the hushed tone people use when it's the middle of the night, even though everyone in the room is wide awake.
Holmes' mouth drew up into a grin. "You are interested in more then?"
There was an immediate hubbub as the children jumped up and started cheering.
When he does, Sherlock's hand falters at what he sees reflected back at him. There is an interminable moment of mutual understanding, realisation, revelation.
"Really, John, if this is going to be a problem--" This time more concern than irritation.
"God, Christ, all right, Sherlock; listen." John was breathing hard too now, and struggled to get his thoughts in order. Sherlock wasn't the only one who was running on empty; wasn't the only one who was emotionally drained and in need of whatever it was that only they could give each other.
"No, it's not. But I can't change it now."
Emily opens her mouth to ask another question, but her father cuts her off, rather sharply: "Look, I know you're curious, but it's not really my place to say anything more. Eat your breakfast." He starts jabbing at his phone. His jaw is stiff and his mouth is thin.
John sighed. "All right, how does it go?" He started to poke out the melody on the keyboard. He had to keep checking back and forth between his hand and the page. He had no sense of rhythm, and it came out sounding choppy and off-beat.
"You were overseas."
"You don't even know what she said."
"You're going to see my father, aren't you?" Tristram watches as Irene works her fingers into a pair of tight, black gloves that go halfway up her arms. She already has a long, black overcoat on. It looks remarkably similar to Father's, but not as bulky.
"This might not have been such a wise idea..."
"What? No, I-"
"We've been through this," Doctor Watson says tightly, then stops and looks down, shaking his head. He squeezes Tristram, then relaxes his grip and lets his hand slide away. He sighs and looks up at Father. "Have you at least let Mycroft know?" he asks, more gently. "I don't like the idea of you and Tris alone here if someone's watching the flat."
dad."
"Quiet, the kids are sleeping," he whispers as Irene slips in.
Naturally, the question was intended to divine the level of my discomfort, but just then I was not thinking of physical sensation. I was basking in the glow of his pride and admiration. I had taken upon me an onerous duty, fulfilled it with honor and in doing so pleased him. It was a very small and silly thing, to be sure, and it seems laughable now to place such weight upon it. Perhaps it was the chemicals which the stimulation had released into my blood, or perhaps it was a premonition that a door had been opened for us with this act, but at that moment it seemed a very great thing.
"He knows where to find me."
Father then takes down his own carry-on bag and steps back so that Tristram can come into the aisle in front of him. Tristram reaches for the backpack, but Father says he'll carry it. Tristram is surprised; after all, he was specifically told to pack light so that he could carry everything himself. He notices that Emily is wearing her little blue backpack already. But he isn't about to argue.
. Will!" Victor dropped Molly's hand and moved toward Sherlock without so much as a backward glance. His shock turned to delight as he clapped both hands on Sherlock's upper arms and squeezed. "What the
Tristram puts down the reading. He still has his maths and a science worksheet. He doesn't expect he'll need help with either of them, but Doctor Watson said 'look at', not 'help', so he gets out the worksheet and shows it to him. It's about the solar system.
"Bison, actually."
"Oh, the faith you place in me, Watson. I hope only that it is not misguided. I am going to ask something of you which you may find terrible, but I pray that when I do, you understand it signifies nothing less than my complete faith in you. And before I speak further, I give you my solemn promise to do nothing that would cause you any kind of mortal pain or suffering. Your welfare is primary to me."
Sherlock wasn't so stimulated that he was on the edge or frustrated. He would actually have rather lain there, basking in John's enjoyment of his afterglow. His recalcitrance must have shown, because John gave him an exasperated look and said, "I want to give you a bloody blow job in the next five minutes, but I haven't the strength left to do it any other way, so get up here and put your fucking cock in my mouth!"
"No, I thought I'd play your friend. What the hell is going on, Sherlock?"
Tristram mirrors her, resting his cheek on Father's soft blue scarf. It's not entirely comfortable with his back twisted, but Tristram doesn't care. He especially doesn't care when Father lowers his arm to rest it on Tristram. Father sometimes puts his coat over Tristram when Tristram falls asleep on the couch at home. This is ten times better. Across from them, he sees Doctor Watson is back to watching Father. He slides his foot forward, just enough so that it makes contact with Father's, and gets a soft look in his eyes. Tristram sees shades of the fourth picture from the photo booth and closes his eyes.
"To the bedroom." 'Obviously' hovered unspoken but generally understood. "I need to have more room, and you need to get your clothes off and there are covers there so you don't get chilled. We were going to end up there anyway."
John, incredibly, looked like he was going to deny it at first, but finally admitted, "Harry."
Doctor Watson looks down. "Oh, nice idea," he says, sounding surprised and pleased. "I was trying to figure out how to handle two at once, otherwise I would have offered to take it earlier."
Tristram's heart froze at that, only to be unfrozen by his confusion a moment later. John was the one they'd wanted, not Tristram. Even back at the warehouse, they hadn't really wanted him; he'd just been a way to get to Father, and they'd never actually hurt him. They could have done, but they hadn't. None of that mattered though, because whether Tristram was the one they were after now or John, that didn't explain why they had to leave right away, before John and Emily got back.
He turns his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock is watching him closely, his lips slightly parted. John doesn't miss the fact that Sherlock's eyes flick down to his mouth.
"Good." John grinned. He drained the last of his wine and stood, giving in to a full-body stretch. As he did, his jumper rode up, exposing a little triangle of lightly furred belly where the bottom of his shirt gapped open just above his belt.
"Um..." Moriarty rolls his eyes up, pretending to think. "No. Although I agree it might be better for you to move on to other pastures at this point. I'll keep the files, though, thanks."
A girl in Blackwood uniform appeared next to Moriarty.
Add oyster sauce and tomato paste. Add 1/2 cup of water and let sauce simmer on low heat.
John shook his head, grinning and pointing at him. "You bastard." He took a step away as well, toward the bus stop. "And we still have to discuss how we're going to stage the play in the ruins. Don't think you've distracted me that thoroughly."
Emily shakes her head and kicks another stone, although with less force: it only bounces half-heartedly a few steps away.
"Far too labour-intensive. Much easier to farm that kind of thing out to Mycroft. Give him something to do between starting wars."
She pulled her long hair out of the way and settled her hands on his arse. It was plump and solid, and she wanted it out of those trousers rather quickly. "You're welcome. He was just lonely."
"Nothing, I'm just going out for a bit." Father looks annoyed, perhaps at being asked to explain himself.
John laughed briefly. "Yeah, so, can we just, forget about whatever it is that's been eating you and go back to... whatever it was. Without the..."
The stained glass window described is from St. John's church in Snape: http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/1886245
"Put that away," Sherlock told him sternly. "Angelo will be insulted if you try to pay."
(See the end of the chapter for
"The two of you looked good together." Anyone else would have heard only the compliment, but Sherlock caught the faint bitterness in the undertone.
Doctor Watson, though, saves him from having to make a decision by leaning forward and grasping Tristram's fingers. "I've got you, Tris," he says firmly. Tristram is so grateful it makes his throat feel tight.
It wasn't as if John were going to remember it. Sherlock had got the formula right. Of course he had. He noted, in passing, that it was a full moon.
"Hey, those are two of the most historical names ever."
"All right, fine," John said, speaking louder to drown out Sherlock's words. "Forget about the movie part of it for a minute. I agree, it's looking like that's not going to work out. That doesn't mean we should scrap the whole project. The kids have worked hard, you and I have both worked hard, Molly's working hard, the parents are working hard, and there's nothing that says it can't all come together and have something really good come out of it. I know-" John said, increasing his volume again when Sherlock whirled back around, about to protest that there were dozens of things that would prevent anything good coming of it. "You're thinking of the money coming in, and how things are getting so big, but honestly, those sponsors are getting plenty of free publicity already, with or without studio interest." John started enumerating his points on his fingers. "They'll sell their concessions and souvenirs to the parents and anyone else who wanders by. There wouldn't be any big product placement opportunities in the play itself, so they never would have made it onto the screen anyway. As long as the play goes on, I don't think anyone's going to do much complaining. No one was ever promised anything either; there's nothing in writing. They wouldn't have a legal leg to stand on."
"He's your son. You're his father. If you get … involved … with someone, it affects him."
"I made you miss Christmas," Sherlock said. "I thought we might at least have some music."
They moved stiffly, John staring at his feet, willfully shutting out any outside eyes that might be on them. Sherlock was aware of them -- curious, startled; indulgent, pleased -- but kept his focus on John. On moving them safely around the other dancers, on keeping his motions smooth and confident. Sherlock ached for this to be something they could enjoy, moving freely and easily together, sharing the sensation of their bodies shifting in harmony, not a trial to be gotten through to prove a point. Doors were opening.
John considered the honey. It would make a hellish mess. Gladstone, who'd followed him downstairs, looked up hopefully. Maybe olive oil? It had a strong taste and would additionally work as a lubricant. The flavoured stuff they'd bought when they'd decided to try this made him gag. As he took the bottle, he heard the front door open.
Johnson looked from Holmes to me in surprise. "You let him speak for you? If he were my sub, he'd get a lash or two for that." I was unfamiliar with the term he used, but understood that his statement was an insult to the both of us. Holmes might not genuinely be my omega, but even if we had not been playing at it, I would have bristled at the attempt to impugn my alphahood and challenge our relationship.
Emily grins. "Yeah, I know." She looks down and keeps colouring.
"I didn't," Sherlock answered automatically. It was even the truth. Technically. "I would hardly take Gladstone with me if I were trying to shadow you." There, a flash of displeasure. And the damnable part was, Sherlock's first impulse was to try and fix it. "I did see you at the play," he said, "but I didn't know you were going to be there. And I didn't follow you here. I walked a different route. That's why you were able to beat me by ten minutes, despite your leg acting up again."
"It's not pity, it's... Jesus." John wipes his hand over his face. "Of course, you're right. Just because I don't see- I know you love him, I do. And you've done an excellent job, despite what you may think. I mean, look at him." John gestures at the sleeping boy. "He's bright, and curious, and generous, and much tougher than I'd ever have thought possible. He's... Well, he's you." John looks up at Sherlock with a tentative smile.
"So I spoke to Greg today over lunch," John said, cutting into his lasagna.
Sherlock made a face. "Why in God's name would we do that?"
The problem was, John might not think that of Sherlock any more. Sherlock was aware that he'd driven John away several times now. One of these times would be the last. This wasn't supposed to be an experiment in how much abuse John could take. It was supposed to show Sherlock whether he wanted to get close to another person, whether the overall positives outweighed the negatives. Clearly, he thought they still did, because he had his phone out and was composing a text.
Sherlock shakes his head, not so much a negation as brushing off the question. "Immaterial."
"So, I... Thanks for dinner-"
Sherlock gave him a sidelong look. "Not sure yet."
Sherlock shoved the knife back at John. "It's for you," he said, rather gruffly.
The question of when they're going back, of course, is entirely dependent on why they're here in the first place. A question which Father and John have been evasive at best on. So Tristram gives the only answer he can: "I don't know."
John became very still. His breaths were shallow and his hands were gripping his thighs. His eyes met Sherlock's, steady and deep. "I don't."
"Everything all right?" John asked, amusement playing around the corners of his eyes (warm, blue, deep). He was close enough to touch - it was really only the result of a conscious effort on both their parts that they weren't encroaching on each other's space.
%%%%%%
That got a full-bodied laugh. Sherlock met his eyes and couldn't help responding in kind. So this, this was what it was like to have a friend, someone who understood you and accepted you and even liked you, despite everything. Or maybe because of it? It was... nice.
"It's not that." Sherlock's eyes flicked over John's face, then looked away. "Never mind."
"Hello, John," he said, sounding cheery despite the pinched look on his face. "Did you have a nice time?"
"It appears you have," Sherlock said coldly.
DIRECTIONS
"No, it's... sorry," he stammers in Janine's direction, not taking his eyes off Sherlock. "One of those things." For a moment, he thinks there's a flicker of something like relief on Sherlock's face, but it's gone a moment later.
"I mean, not like that," she rushed on in an attempt to explain herself, "only yes, exactly like that." She took a breath and started over. "I meant, I see how you look at him, and I know he doesn't think of you that way, and that's totally okay, I know you're okay with it and however the two of you have it worked out, it's fine for you. But if you wanted to, once, you could... it would kind of be like having sex with him, wouldn't it? I'd have sex with him first, then come to you, and you could... in the same place he just was." It made a lot more sense in her head than was coming through in her words, but Sherlock seemed to be following.
"I think... I think it has something to do with the case they were working on," he says slowly.
Sherlock squeezed his hand. "There would never be anything I could deny you."
When Father finishes the story, Emily says, "Cool!" and Doctor Watson shakes his head and says, "Incredible," and Tristram's father doesn't even try to suppress his smile. Tristram's stomach twists uncomfortably. He squeezes himself further into the corner of the seat and looks out the window and lets his eye swoop along with the rise and fall of the power lines strung beside the highway.
"You need to go with him," Doctor Watson says, as if Father has failed to understand the most obvious thing in the world.
She dropped the toilet paper she'd been blotting herself with into the toilet and flushed it, then gripped the sink with both hands and stared at herself in the mirror. Hair askew, face flushed, skin splotchy, the remnants of her makeup smeared... She wasn't exactly a prize at the moment. She could still back out. She rather doubted Sherlock would come pounding on the door asking what was taking her so long.
An hour sitting next to John, even in the roomy back seat of one of Mycroft's town cars. This new, palpable sense of feeling their way through this thing taking shape between them. Lines being redrawn. Butterflies. Not productive. John set out down the stairs. Sherlock followed.
Emily flips back to look at the title page. " '
"Yeah, like he can't believe I'm a grown man who dresses himself in the morning."
"Why don't I call him and see?" she offers.
"No. No, you are right, as always. Where you lead, I will follow," I vowed steadfastly, meaning it with all my heart.
"Ah," Sherlock said.
"John, you know no one blames you," Mike said.
"My father uses nicotine patches. Maybe you could try that."
"Hey, what'd you do with your suitcase?" Emily asks, having just noticed the piggy-backed suitcases at Father's side.
Tristram looks around for something to use as a computer, but before he can move, Doctor Watson appears at the door. His eyes are wide and he looks like knives and danger. Tristram freezes. He doesn't ever want that look directed at him.
"Give him a chance before you pass judgment. What is it you always say? Don't jump to conclusions without all the evidence?"
The only place left after that is Grandmother's studio. It used to be the carriage house, back when Grandmother's parents or grandparents had an honest to goodness horse-drawn carriage and a driver, but at some point, Grandmother took it over. She knocked down most of the walls on the top floor and installed a skylight, so she could paint and sculpt and do whatever else strikes her fancy. The bottom floor is where she stores her supplies and finished pieces, and 'in progress' pieces that she got stuck on or lost interest in but didn't hate enough to destroy.
"No, really, it's not just plasticine models and lasers. It's very psychological."
"How is he?" are the first words out of John's mouth when he bangs the door open, startling all three of them where they are still sitting at the table. "Tris, are you all right?" John makes a beeline for Tristram, kicking the door shut behind him.
Sherlock heard the slightly uneven footsteps behind him betraying the fact that John hadn't entirely overcome the phantom pain. Sherlock's smile grew more broad. John was turning out to be more than surprising. He was turning out to be interesting. A man who stood up not only to Sherlock, but for him.
"Nothing fancy, just helping them get settled who want someplace to finish up in private." Johnson leered at me, as if daring me to misunderstand his meaning.
But he had more pressing matters at the moment. When they arrived at the school, Sherlock tossed the keys to John and left him to deal with the tree, while he went to do a bit of research. He hadn't seen the last of Moriarty, of that he was certain.
John barked out a laugh. "No, that's quite all right, thanks. It's enough that you know how dysfunctional my family is without me having to take you through all the gory details. God, brilliant," he added. "Except Harry's my sister. Short for Harriet." He grinned at having caught Sherlock out.
After they get back from the shops, Tristram puts away the groceries Mrs Hudson bought for them and putters half-heartedly at his soil experiment for a while. The Harry Potter book lurks darkly on his nightstand. It's just a story, he tells himself. It's not real. There's no such thing as wizards, and the people - the Muggle children - in the book are nothing more than words on a page. He's annoyed at himself for being put off by a few sentences. The scene with Voldemort at the end of the first book was much scarier. He carefully puts his slides away and picks up the book again. This time, he skims over the part that bothered him and then proceeds to read through to the end of the chapter. There. The rest wasn't bad at all. Relieved that he's made it through the worst, he settles down to read until his father gets home.
"I don't have any details, there aren't any details-" Sherlock said, frustrated. Lestrade was in no frame of mind to listen. He was already focussed on how to make himself look good to the mediator while still hoping his wife would come back.
Doctor Watson then takes Tristram into the kitchen and makes him drink a glass of milk. One of the on-duty bodyguards is there, drinking coffee and looking at a newspaper. The other bodyguard is probably on the upper floor, keeping an eye on the street. Tristram doesn't like being in the same room with either of them, even with Doctor Watson there, so he finishes his milk quickly and says he's full. He is, too.
Sherlock was so pleased with himself that he didn't even scold Gladstone for jumping onto the bed while he was doing some reading at bedtime. The warm, solid weight on his leg was pleasant, and as he finally drifted off to sleep sometime after midnight, it was with the fancied comfort of a good friend breathing deeply beside him.
I understood, and trembled. One half of my heart leapt for joy but the other cringed in fear. Not the fear he alluded to; not that Mary Watson still held his heart. No, it was the fear of what would happen to mine if I accepted the invitation in his words: our home. Not his and hers but ours. Mine and his. I had lost him twice already. Both times I had been powerless, helpless and inept, unable to reverse the course of time or passion, to either find the point at which our paths had diverged or to return us to a common course. It seemed we had nevertheless arrived at a crossroads once more. There was no question of which fork I would take. I was incapable of any other choice, even knowing what lay ahead.
"Let me see!" Emily leaps forward. "I get one too, you said."
She'd had live-in lovers before, and by this point in her life, she was self-aware and mature enough to know that she liked having a separate space for herself, needed it really. She was done with someone else using her shaver and leaving half-finished drinks in odd corners to mould and demanding her attention so they could pontificate on the latest Conservative outrage, when all she wanted to do after a long shift at the clinic was curl up on the couch with a glass of wine and read a trashy novel.
As they moved toward the reception area, Sherlock let John walk in front; he hoped having a friend rather than a roomful of strangers at his back would ease his discomfort. There was a bottleneck at the double doors leading into the main hall. As the crowd became thicker, Sherlock kept a space open behind John, and touched him lightly on the back to let him know he was there. John looked back over his shoulder, thinking Sherlock wanted his attention, but Sherlock just smiled reassuringly and nodded that he should press on.
"-is for you, yes."
"I haven't given you your Christmas present yet," Sherlock said, returning to capture John's mouth.
"You did not just say that."
Doctor Watson darts over to the couch and gives Emily a quick squeeze and a kiss on the cheek. "I'm just going to the hospital. I'll pop up and check on you when I get home, but you'd better be in bed." Tristram can tell he means it, but he doesn't say it in a threatening way. More like a comforting promise. Then, although he hesitates a moment, he smiles and hugs Tristram too. "Bye, Tris."
There was nothing to do but get on with it. Sherlock gulped down his by now lukewarm coffee, tossed John's into the bin, and went to his desk just as the bell rang.
Tristram didn't even think to check for his phone. "Yeah, my bag's here, but I didn't see my mobile. Wait, I'll just go get it."
Sherlock quickly came up with an outline for the play and began looking up appropriate Christmas carols to insert, per Lestrade's instructions.
"What's why she came back?" Emily asks, not having understood Tristram's previous statement.
Tristram reaches out and takes the phone. It's smaller and rounder than the flat, sleek black and silver phones that adults have. The case is a burnished metallic blue, and the display is larger than the keypad. In fact, there are only four keys arranged around a cross-shaped directional pad. The keys are numbered 1, 2, and 3, and the fourth key has a telephone receiver symbol on it, probably for starting and ending calls. Tristram wonders how he's supposed to dial with only three numbers. But still. A phone! He bets not even Sebastian has his own phone.
"Not pregnant, no," Sherlock said. Refrained from adding a remark that might be construed as referring to John's wedding. He hadn't known, after all. "I gather they simply want to do it and don't see any reason to drag it out. Very close friends and family only, no big fuss," he said distractedly as he opened the bookmark library.
&&&&&&
"Tris?" Doctor Watson touches Tristram's foot. His hand is warm. All of a sudden, Tristram feels tears coming on. He fights them back and concentrates on the spot.
"Important details. Details that won't do themselves," John said.
And then, something amazing happens.
"I don't expect- What are you talking about?"
John retreated, returning a moment later with a strategic tea towel. Sherlock had appeared by now in his dressing gown.
He looked at John in consternation. He couldn't possibly be jealous. Not with the declarations that had been made. Or rather, Sherlock realised with a start, that hadn't been made. All of the discussions, admissions, and decisions had only taken place in Sherlock's head. For John, they were still at the point of his frustrated outburst in their kitchen. But that had been over a week ago!
Sherlock didn't like Christmas. He didn't like any holiday celebrations, really, with their crowds and forced cheer and familial obligations. Christmas was the worst, though, the one that he was least likely to be able to avoid spending at least part of with his family. As if he had any need to have his nose rubbed in Mycroft's successes whilst everyone reminded him how he had squandered his talents and royally bollixed up his life. At least he wasn't beholden to any of them. That had been his main reason for becoming a teacher: a steady income with minimal effort on his part. It was true that it took up a large portion of most days, time that he would prefer to dedicate to other pursuits, but at least the holiday breaks were generous.
"They're perfectly welcome to go out onto the grounds. Tristram knows his way around," Tristram's father says. "I'd prefer it if you would stay here, in case anything comes in."
John nods, taking it in stride. "Yeah, um... Irene, I take it?"
There's also a
"Yes, now please, Emily. Tris, could you...?" Doctor Watson jerks his head toward the bedroom. He looks like he's about to lose his temper, although not, Tristram thinks, because of him and Emily.
---ooo---
Emily twists her head so she can look toward the bedroom. The door's still open enough that they can hear their fathers' voices but they're too low to make out the words. Emily struggles up onto her elbows and turns back toward Tristram.
Tristram pauses on a show about dredging for treasure in the Thames that looks halfway interesting, but Emily makes him keep going until he gets to a dance competition. Tristram doesn't really see the point, but he likes some of the music, and he'd rather Emily be happy than kick up a fuss. It's just telly, and like she said, he can watch it any time he wants.
He's never seen two people look at each other like that before, not even Emily's aunts, who are married. Maybe it's something they only do when they are alone. Certainly Father and Doctor Watson thought they were alone in the photo booth. They didn't expect Tristram and Emily to be looking at these pictures. Maybe this is part of the 'being affectionate' that Doctor Watson told him people save for when they are in private. Tristram feels like he's eavesdropping - eaveslooking maybe? Is that a word?
Sherlock looks away, fiddling with one of the pens lying on the desk blotter. "I'd feel safer having Tristram with me," he says, as if it were a painful admission. "If something were to happen here while I'm in London-"
"Hm? Oh - no, I don't... Not thirsty," Sherlock blathered, then wished he did have something, if only to occupy his hands. He rubbed them together.
Doctor Watson reacts even before Tristram has processed the order, crouching on the spot, and Father's snowball flies right through the space he was just standing in and hits Emily square in the chest with an audible thunk.
"Yeah, that's..." John looks like he wants to say something else, but he stops himself, shaking his head. "Yeah. I have to, don't I? Because trust is the basis of our relationship, isn't it? Or whatever the hell this is. I don't even... " John holds both hands up as if to ward Sherlock off and takes a step back.
