"Please," John whispers; and pressed tight everywhere against him Sherlock nods. Side curling to face him on his side wrapping his arms around John shoulders and throat. John blinks and swimming-blinks. Sherlock's knee nudging between his knees.
Forgetting. John does try.
"Want my mouth on you?" John asks. "Front or back, your choice"; and Sherlock's lips part. A clear, startled pink flooding into his cheeks. Mad for it John touches his belly through his vest, then slides his fingers down, catching the elastic; and. Down. Sherlock grabs at his shoulders, and John tilts his chin up, laughing, almost. Sherlock kisses him hungrily, holds John still to kiss him, always wants John to kiss him and so John kisses him, fingers idle, just tucked into the waistband of Sherlock's bottoms. Sherlock makes a small, urgent sound and squeezes his arms tight-tighter around John's hot neck and kisses him and kisses him and kisses him until John pulls his fingers free to put both arms around him, squeezing him tighter, tight.
: he might annoy John on purpose for an effect, but he wouldn't, John thinks, truly try to wound him. But they aren't the only two people in play in this, are they? John Watson doesn't get on with Mycroft Holmes: Mycroft knows this, Sherlock knows this,
him and John spasms—shuddering electric-snow-pinprick dryhot painful
John breathes.
, in response to a
Sherlock stands straight and stares at him, rainwater eyes wide, until John stops laughing.
"But it got you out of the house," John agrees, and puts the stockpot upside down on the draining board, and turns off the taps.
"Christ," John gasps, hand flailing back; Sherlock presses back up curling tight around him, John pulling at his thick hair; Sherlock pressing fast desperate kisses all over the back of his neck and the ridge of his shoulder, breathing hard. His cock is smearing sticky and wet against the burning-tender crease of John's thigh; John flashes: Sherlock shoving it back inside of him and comes
"Like a—like rubbish," he says, but he meets John's eyes.
"She didn't need to be referred to social services, did she?" Marianne asks.
Sherlock shifts underneath him: his thighs spreading John's thighs, Christ; John takes a slow, deep breath.
," Sherlock breathes, not looking away.
"It'll take a while," Sherlock says. "We haven't got anything in."
"Yes," says Sherlock, awkwardly.
—hot with out-of-key panic John is thinking everything all at once, uncertain and—and
of things, Sherlock." John says. "I was—
His pulse. His throat. He turns back. Sherlock is still watching him. The cane not quite out of sight. John clears his throat. Laughs. "Do you know how to use that?" he asks.
, Sherlock'd said—and that wasn't right, was it.
"I mean," John says. He could pull himself up. Stand at attention, nearly. Would do it, too, if he thought—
John touches his spine. His hunched shoulders. He swallows, tongue thick, and asks, "Is that—do you want—is that—all right, if I—"
were Canadian."
"Tariq," Sherlock says.
A pause. "Here, at the moment," Mycroft says. "But the driver will do as you ask": and John swallows, reflexive, and then forces. Forces himself up: feeling shivery and strange but still—he does know what George would say but he can't—he can't let it—
"I just hoovered," John explains, and half-falling sideways with too many arms and knees, he tugs Sherlock down.
Mute, Sherlock nods.
For lack of anything better to do, he works clumsily at Sherlock's shirt buttons, keeping the mess of his hand carefully curled away. Sherlock has to get most of them, in the end.
"Count," Sherlock tells him, "or I'll stop."
"I love you too," he says. Empty.
John wraps his hand around Sherlock's ankle, shifts it out so he can kiss the tender underside of Sherlock's knee. Sherlock takes a slow, expansive breath. "Six," Sherlock says, "y—can you."
"Not good?" Sherlock stills.
He can hear Sherlock's heart beating, in his throat. Can feel it, too, in his arms wound low around John's back. The room is very still. Close.
"Inconvenient, really," Sherlock says, muffled, "erections, and whatnot"; and John, rueful, laughs.
John adds, "Just a little."
Sherlock's chin jerks up. "Why?"
, and
"Can you," Sherlock says, thick; then sighing head falling back hands on John's thighs pulling him up. The head of his cock still thick just-inside John's electric-shock body: John shivers. Is still. "I do," Sherlock admits, unsteady, "I really do, I really want to—to fuck you, just a little, can I—" and that punching-squeezed tremor wraps tight down allover John's body; then is gone.
Sherlock asks, "Do you want to?"
John swallows. "Thank you," he says, a moment later. Sherlock nods. "You know that you can, too, yeah?"
John leans against the edge of the work surface, touching the small of Sherlock's back. Sherlock darts him a quick, disbelieving look.
"How'm I doing so far?" John asks, looking up.
, John types. Clumsy and slow: two minutes. Throat sore.
John breathes in. Breathes in. In the white kitchen lights Sherlock's reflection wavers in their open window: bared to his trunks, flushed and panting; with John at his feet.
as John burrows soft-hairy-fragrant
"No, it's not," John says. He feels—soaked, somehow: wet with tenderness and bemusement and sympathy. Heavy. That
John licks across his bottom lip, thinking.
"Yeah." John straightens. "Yes, of course, Christ, I didn't—"
upon you, thousands of kilometers away from home in a city where he didn't speak the language and didn't really know much of anybody but then turned up a bloke who looked like you and talked like you and installed his iPhone updates for him and—and paid
Up-down, up-down; John slides his hands along Sherlock's clavicles beneath his shirt to his shoulders, up back onto the bare skin of the back of his neck; and Sherlock says, "Yes."
, he thinks he is thinking.
"No! No, I—" John laughs, a little. "Christ, I did, didn't I, I made it sound like I mind, which I—really,
"Is that—" Just across from Sherlock his bag on the carpet and past that the kitchen and beyond that his angled-open bedroom door—John licks his swollen bottom lip. "If, could we—on the sofa, I mean, would that be all right?"
"Yeah?" Sherlock asks. John nods, and Sherlock exhales. Kisses him again, and again, and again; and then Sherlock says, barely above a whisper, "I want to put my hand inside you."
John breathes. A bitter-salt taste in his throat. "Hawe," he says, nodding out. "Counter-terrorism." He puts his hands in his pockets, into fists.
"A bit of a think," John says, "you?" but it comes out all wrong, strained at the edges, lopsided, all its weight dragged over to the wrong side: not any kind of joke at all. He clears his throat. Very quietly he asks, "A bit of a think about what?"
He means it as a joke, really; but all in an instant Sherlock goes startlingly, eloquently flushed. "I mean." John laughs. "Or—"
Sherlock doesn't laugh, but he does smile halfway; a bit; close enough.
": plaintive, impossible: John's hot ashamed throat and his face. "Do you think I'd go to bed with you," John asks, "and not have any idea what it'd mean?"
Then, very quietly, Sherlock says, "And if I—don't know"; and John splays out his hand wide-holding at the small of Sherlock's bare back.
"You fucking bastard," John gasps, with Sherlock taut-heavy bowed above him pulling his head back unmoving— "Fuck," John pants, "
Sherlock presses his face to the side of John's neck, breathing deep. "You're still so open," muffled.
"The 30
at him—
Warm.
"Not to mention," John says, "that by the time you can drop something like, 'What do you think of buttplugs?'
"The third one, where was it, why after the
John faces the chair, and bends over the seat. He's not entirely sure what to do with his hands: should he put them on the arms? hold onto the seat? but moving around behind him, Sherlock is saying, "I'll let you brace your hands on the back, if you need to," which twists itself sideways into John's mind, and slides straight in.
Sherlock straightens, shoulders back. "Is that what I'd be doing," he murmurs; but he sets his mobile on the table; turns John's chair, only just. Perches at the edge. Knees knocked together.
"My—my mouth," finally. Eyes hot, half-laughing. He can feel tears leaking down his cheeks—absurd—he can't care, he wants, "My mouth, I want you to put it in my mouth," squeezing Sherlock's left hand painfully tight as Sherlock presses a little sweet starburst of kisses against his ankle and fucks him in millimeter movements full up with his heavy bulging silicone cock and the very tips of his two fingers—
John says, "Come with me to Edinburgh."
"Six, then," John murmurs, rubbing feather-light at Sherlock's nipple, and Sherlock shakes his head, hard and fast. "Seven?"
Sherlock's face is very flushed. His cock is hard through his trousers which are wet at the thigh and John's face feels tender and fragile and damp and his dressing gown is hanging wide open, and with hot red blood creeping out from his center John pushes himself up to his unsteady feet.
"'—and she spent the first part of the eighties in America, investigating midlife lesbianism and revolutionizing TCP/IP—"
It takes until past his omelet—lopsided, and a little crunchy; he's never really got the knack—and halfway through his second cup of tea for John to really begin to wonder if he's made a mistake. The marks on his arse and his back have faded, leaving just a low ache under his skin that feels almost dreamlike. Surreal. Sherlock hasn't texted, which isn't particularly unusual, and he's left the coat, which might just be a concession to July heat; but he's also forgotten his suit jacket, draped over the back of his usual seat at the table: forgotten, definitively, or he would've put it back in his wardrobe before he left; Sherlock is untidy about more or less everything else, but he's usually fairly careful with his clothes. All the letters Paige'd brought over—more than John'd expected, from what Sherlock'd said yesterday—are set out neatly across the table in a precise, angular grid; it's nothing like how Sherlock usually works, and it makes John's skin feel a size too small. He doesn't know what else to do so he starts reading them, one after the other, starting at the top left and moving across, then down. The sun burns through the windows; Sherlock doesn't come back. John makes and drinks another cup of tea. They're supposed to be fixing up the lease with Mrs. Hudson at three. The letters make John's skin crawl.
"I like the way you talk to me," Sherlock says, hushed.
"And kids," says Sherlock, quiet.
"I, ah. Meant more the way that you're sitting," John says, finally, and Sherlock twists up, kisses him again.
Sherlock takes a long, slow breath; John jumps, startled. Sherlock's (sensitive) hand 'round his left wrist, drawing it up: John flattens his palm on Sherlock's sternum. When Sherlock swallows (
Sherlock had to've already known that, John would have been thinking. He
Sometimes Sherlock goes out for quite a while and besides, can't a grown man have a wank in his own bloody living room?
"Or," says John. Later. "We could just. Kiss, I meant." They kiss. "Whatever you want," John says, quiet; and Sherlock rubs his thumb over John's cheek, slumped into him forehead to forehead, bent forward, so they touch. They kiss, again; and then Sherlock says, "I really do want a cup of tea," rather plaintively; and John laughs and pulls back.
"Believe it or not, Sherlock, the Met does deal with bomb threats quite competently, on a regular basis, without your help," Greg says. "It wasn't so much the
A small soft wanting sound, caught at the back of Sherlock's wet mouth. "Touch me," Sherlock whispers. Hot. His hands are trembling, just: sinking down into John's shoulders. Rumble and hum. John pets the soft damp curve of his back and Sherlock shifts so John's fingers slip down onto the curve of his arse: Sherlock whines; and—oh. Swallowing John pets, Christ: Sherlock pressing back against him, sliding apart his long thighs. Hunching over John's body Sherlock presses his forehead down to John's forehead, breathing deep. John strokes the shivery velvety curve at the bottom of his arsecheeks. The damp coarse fuzz in between.
Out on the street. John breathes in deep: cool air, sea salt. His face feels—better. Cooler. Calm. He flexes his hands in his cool empty pockets at his sides. His scraped up skin pulls over his palm, from—from earlier. Was that tonight?
He rubs at his mouth.
, because Sherlock'd
's orderly, academic, bureaucratic sort of magic; but instead something vast and crackling and terrible. A titan; a sorcerer: a shape-shifter, John is thinking, throat tight; bending truth and time and thought like rubber in his long, perilous hands. And John. John would follow him through fire. Has done; would, again.
, I wanted I wanted—I spent every day watching you playing—playing hockey through the library window, sitting there squirming soaking my knickers thinking about—about how you'd—you'd take me home and take your uniform off and oh God John I need, I have to," as he is pushing his hand down between them shoving at the waistband of his wet-smudged lace knickers so John kneels up, dragging at the elastic while Sherlock lifts up his feet and his knees, leaving Sherlock sprawled out in nothing but his stockings and John's neckties with his nipples little red swollen pearls and his cock dripping onto his belly while he grabs John's left hand by the wrist, gasping, "
Sherlock's eyes slip open, almost. Looking down at him, soft-faced, shining and dark.
want you, exactly," John explains, and then sighs. "I mean—I knew I wanted—everything else. It was just—"
, would fuck back around him behind him on his hands and knees until shuddering-collapsing wet-hot and spilling, John moans, moans helpless with his long hand around him cock up him wet leaking out of him, stinging hot all over running down his arse and his thighs as John comes all over the back of his chair.
"You'll tell me," Sherlock says, "if it's not—if you want me to stop."
Sherlock snorts. "Oh," he says, "I'd plenty of that": and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's warm mouth: feeling hollowed out; refilled; desperate with gratitude.
—" arcing-livewire and shoving his prick up through nothing to rub against John's bare thigh.
"You don't think it's demeaning," Sherlock says, muffled, into his hair.
His lovely soft sweet face.
." Fuck. John's whole body feels like he's been wrung out like a flannel, jeans round his ankles: Christ; and Sherlock leaves his mobile, doesn't answer. Sherlock is headed for the door with his hair sticking up all over and his mouth rubbed red and shiny and John is struggling up, tugging his jeans up over his sodden boxers, but he doesn't know what to do or to say or how—how to touch him not touch him: "Sherlock," John says, unsteady: pulled out of him like yarn from a jumper: untethered, unraveling; but Sherlock just shakes his head again, one shaking hand up and out:
"Yeah."
, in 2013: strange fingerprints all over him suddenly wanting something too lost too deep for finding and—and it'd been horrific, waking up so rewritten. A bomb blast of a body. That first car wreck of a night. But it's—
." John's pulse throbs, thick in his throat, and Sherlock meets his eyes and says, very quietly, "I don't know why you stick around."
"Yeah," John says. "I—we'd not say no to a serial killer, either, would we."
"Oh, ta," says John, half-laughing.
"I like," Sherlock says, "being inside you."
John nods, intending to.
"I love your hands," John gasps, and Sherlock nuzzles his bent-up leg.
John's ribs jerk: Sherlock kisses his flank. Nose pressed to his skin.
— "then I'll just have resign myself to seeing to you after."
"At the party," Sherlock says. "Tariq was trying to get into Tom's trousers."
Sherlock says, "I mean, any of it, I can't—"; and then presses his mouth together in a thin bloodless line and then clatters the oven door open to look in and then closes it again even though he always gets cross when John does that: John feels—unsteady, somehow, but unsurprised.
Sherlock makes raw-edged broken noises and shivers and jerks when John slips in his thumb, just a little, just to hold his arse open wider so that John can sling an arm under his hips and haul him in to kiss him as wet and hot and wanting as John is to his cramped-up curled throbbing toes. Sherlock groans , shudders head to toe smearing wet on John's forearm, and gasps, "Oh—John I can't—can you John—I want, come here, I need—
"Just nothing involving fire," Sherlock says, turning off the taps.
He doesn't quite know what he is waiting for until he gets it. Her eyes meet his. He feels it like a physical impact, an audible click: heavy, familiar. Unsaid. She takes a step, then pauses, eyes darting to his left; and so John moves instead. The human touch, wasn't it? And so recognized he moved moves is moving when he meets her beside a rack of straps and laces, in black and charcoal and neon blue. His hands empty at his sides.
annoyed
Lamb for Sherlock and chicken for John, like always: they switch halfway through, though. Like always. John's sweat is drying sticky and uncomfortable under his clothes: he chews and swallows and sets the lamb down and says, "Look—"
John nods, petting his back. Hot, hypnotic, tacky with sweat: "Did it help?" he asks. Sensible enough by his standards, it seems.
"I wouldn't hold you to it," Sherlock says. His mouth moving: pink; but of course he wouldn't, John is realizing, aching; Sherlock can barely let John offer him things he wants; he wouldn't hold John to anything; and John's heart dips and rolls in his throat: off-balance, sweet.
John's hands. Sherlock's warm, damp back. Sherlock presses his mouth to the hinge of John's shoulder, two ribs,
John unfolds his fingers. Pets at the soft wispy edges of Sherlock's hair. Trails it up, behind his right ear.
"Can I go in at all?" John asks. "Or is that—"
He hits send, even as it buzzes in his hand:
"Could you beat me in a fight."
Nose tucked to his nose mouth warm Sherlock breathes. Licks his lips. Licks John's. Kisses him, quick, and then whispers, "John."
John blinks. "And you're a beginner, are you?"
I should sit on your face"; and Sherlock pulls back to look at him. Not far.
"Your pulse is racing," Sherlock says, quiet.
John nods. "More frequently, yeah."
John takes a long, slow breath. Steady. Steadying.
, even if it isn't cool, not quite. Dry out. John stretches out on his back, quiet and careful and slow. He tucks his right hand under his head for the breath of breeze on his underarm and triceps, and then closes his eyes.
"Yeah?" Sherlock's hips shoving—
"Here, that's not going to work, I can't—" John laughs, embarrassed. "If you make a crack about my height right now, I swear—" but Sherlock just twists, putting his arm up around John to make better room his whole body curved while John—gets his weight on his elbow, gets his mouth to brush Sherlock's mouth, then gets—tries to get— "Sorry, I've got to use my right hand," he says, a little breathless, "or you've got to roll over," and Sherlock says, "Give me the lube," so John flops about with his pajamas twisting up around his hips trying to pass over the lube and then Sherlock takes his wrist, and John pushes his weight against his own braced elbow straining to kiss him feeling—odd, and awkward, with his still-slick left hand in a fist on the sheets between the pillows while Sherlock gives him lopsided toothy kisses and slicks up John's right fingers with his fingers between John's fingers, and John wants—he wants to push Sherlock's knee
"Christ." John laughs, wild at the edges. Swallows. "You'd better go, your virtue's not safe from me."
," gasps Sherlock, pained; "fuck, John, you don't stop, I can't, I want—I want you to, I
"Did you?" Sherlock asks, and twists his fingers.
Stop. It doesn't really listen. Not entirely. He can hear Sherlock's breath change, shifting: "Sherlock," John says, a little desperately; and then catches Sherlock's free wrist before Sherlock can touch him.
"Sherlock is," John says, very carefully, and then stops. Takes a breath. "He's really," he explains, throat tight, "extremely messed up." He swallows. "About sex," he finishes. In the interests of—of completeness, he supposes.
John stares at it. Drags up. At his face.
"Yeah," John says.
John shifts down onto his side, stretching out, as Sherlock drops his hand to John's throat, John's shoulder, John's ribs and his hip and the small of his back at the waistband of the suspender belt: Sherlock wriggling closer, lying with him nose and knees together in the damp, filtered summer heat.
"How's that?"
. "I want your hands all over me," Sherlock whispers, and working his right arm under him splayed skin sticky John sinks his left hand into Sherlock's soft, thick hair. Arching underneath him: Sherlock inhales as dizzy John presses them mouth and breath and body together. Togetherer. "I want to rub myself all over you," Sherlock is saying, into him, hot; and John pulls him up, his hips his arse, feeling the slick drag of Sherlock's leaking prick smear on his hip—arching—dragging in as Sherlock is gasping, gasping, "I want your—your mouth, on my tits"; and nodding mouth flooded, John slides his hands out his knees down his stockinged legs slipping alongside Sherlock's stockinged legs as he is kissing-swallowing wet down the span of Sherlock's sternum as under him Sherlock arches, letting out breath. His cock rubs against the tender skin of John's belly—scratchy, through lace—and heart pounding John shifts to drag his knuckles along it, rabbitish, half unreal; then tucks his braced forearms alongside the cage of Sherlock's eloquent arched ribs and
He doesn't.
The rain is still rattling on the windows. Looks later than it is, when the weather gets like this. John shifts in his chair: he's not tired.
; but twenty minutes of Bordeaux and idle chitchat has done more to make him feel like he knows her than half a year of occasionally bumping into her in Speedy's or down the pub or boarding the Tube; or even the fact that he and Sherlock'd gone in with the police, back when they'd searched Marianne's flat. She's watching him, he realizes. The corner of her mouth is curling up.
He squares his shoulders. Sits back. Looks up.
"I'll text," John says, instead. Sherlock moves closer. "I'll talk to Rhoda, and."
—) burning their way out in John's skin in their hands and his mouth on their mouths and John's clenching toes and clenching body and his spasming satin-stroking fingertips in air and on nothing while John wondered why he hadn't been gay for years. That was who he'd been. For a while. In George's closet of an office, George had asked John again,
"Of it being the two of us, like this," he explains, and tugs gently at the waistband of Sherlock's dragged-down knickers, still pulled half-hobbling tight around the tops of Sherlock's long thighs. John says, very carefully, "I reckon we could come exactly as many times as we like."
"All right?" John's voice is rough. Nothing to pretend.
, and draw silk-smooth arcs, or—or at the corners, curving out, or—; or John could ask,
Okay that's all, thanks for sticking with me. ONWARD!
John inhales, shivering. Rubs his hand up Sherlock's back, sinks his fingers into his hair.
unsure," Sherlock says, and then hunches his shoulders, flushing deeper: a mottled, unattractive scarlet. John wants to gather him into his arms. "They don't always," Sherlock says, and then clears his throat. "Talk to me."
Sherlock is watching him. His forearms pale and lean, pressed to his knees; John is half-hard and sweating, sticky at his nape and the seams of his sleeves. He is absolutely certain that Sherlock can tell, that Sherlock may not have had an orgasm in twenty years but he unquestionably knows that for John it's been more like seventy-two hours, and John still feels like it's too long.
Sherlock snorts. "God, no, she could barely boil water. No—Mummy caught me feeding old bread to the ducks, once, when she was visiting at the weekend."
"You make the tea," John says, quiet, and Sherlock nods, so John smooths the t-shirt down over his belly and steps out into the kitchen, shoulders back, jaw tight.
John sighs. Because Sherlock isn't all right, is he; and John knows it. John doesn't even know why he asked. Sherlock isn't all right, and he won't be all right, and he
Propped up over him, soft eyes and corona of hair, Sherlock is smiling. "Do you find that surprising?" he asks. Close enough it rumbles John's chest.
"Instead of a desperately horny teenager finally,
to be that person: desire is easy for John, but what other people want actually
(See the end of the chapter for
John nods. Twice. "I trust you," he says, and his voice cracks.
Doesn't.
"Just like this," he says, and Sherlock shifts, hair scraping on the pillow.
had her secretary—not a secretary, really, but women like her don't have
Sherlock tilts his chin up: lukewarm water up almost to his nipples with John's arms still slung around him and sweat springing up between John's chest and his back in the damp sticky heat. They kiss. Their smushed-together bodies in his too-small bath like the warm round-beating softness of a sparrow, cradled in the heart of his hand. Sherlock sighs, soft; nestling down against him, John's mouth on his skull.
"We were just going to wind up fucking against the fridge," John says, as gently as he can; and Sherlock's chin jerks, looking away.
"Yeah." John swallows. "Yeah, if—" and Sherlock pulls him back into his mouth. Rubs the backs of his long fingers, knuckles bent, down John's abdomen from navel to groin and
John swallows. He touches Sherlock's mouth: a man's mouth, and yet. Yet. Pinker, now they've been kissing.
John nods, then sets it back at the edge of the sink so he has both hands to get the flannel wet—not the one Sherlock had wiped the mirror with, but another, new and clean. He is weirdly conscious of Sherlock watching him, anxiety rising off him with the steam—best, John thinks, if he can laugh. "I think you'd better sit on the toilet," John says, "so I can reach."
"Can you articulate why?" George asks, and John breathes. Breathes.
, is he. Is he. Is he?
"No," —
"What?" John pushes his head into the duvet, looking at him.
," Sherlock groans, but his whole body goes limp, the solid fragrant weight of him warm in John's arms, pressed tight back to front while heart thumping high into his mouth from the top of his throat John soaps up Sherlock's armpits and his sternum and overclocked too-sensitive chest while Sherlock shivers and pants, and then John slides both his hands down over Sherlock's soft trembling belly, dipping one soapy fingertip in and out of his navel over and over while Sherlock gasps, "angh—angh—
"Yes, well." Sherlock sighs. "It wasn't, as I said, my finest moment."
The lotion smells like nothing in particular, but John's spent enough time with his face buried in Sherlock's neck for it to make the skin on his back prickle up, his blood a single hot throb underneath; just as loud, acrid buzz starts up in Sherlock's bedroom; and Sherlock tenses, head to toe. The buzzing stops, then starts, then stops. Again.
me, I can't
"Worth a shot, though. I think," Sherlock says, casually as can be.
John's ribs. Lifting up. He nods, and then he says, very steadily, "Then I'm glad."
Listen, and breathe.
"You want me to lick you open?" His side. "Or. Or use my hands."
(that title is only like....... 7/12ths a joke) that talks about, among other things, some of the decisions that have gone into the writing of this story, and is
"Do you know how to use these?" Sherlock asks, quiet.
"Oh, I think you ought to decide," John says, pulling Sherlock flush against him, legs open draped over John's thighs. It's quite the picture. John rubs at the crease of Sherlock's hip. Down. Back. Behind—
Sherlock is watching him, silent, with his sensitive hands and his sensitive mouth and his arms crossed over his sensitive chest—his, his nipples, probably, that he plays with alone in his bedroom when he doesn't let himself come; here in the kitchen with an inch and a half off his height, the way he's sunk his weight into his hips.
Poured inside.
"I'm not any braver than you," John says, quiet. Thumbing across one hot, familiar cheek.
Hands on his hips. Steady. John steers Sherlock over to the sink before he realizes his own back and legs are dripping all over the floor. He steals back the towel to scrub over his own shoulders, wrap around his own hips, while Sherlock unfolds one of his little fussy rolled-up flannels and wipes a clear spot in the mirror.
John has two cups of tea; Sherlock has three and polishes off all the sugar in the bowl. It seems to liven him up a bit: while John is busy trying not to eat more than two-thirds of the Hobnobs, Mrs. Hudson tells them all about her Zumba class and her feud with Mrs. Davies across the way and gives them a rather reluctant update on her most recent gentleman caller, who Sherlock has been threatening to stop bodily from entering the premises unless she gives over his last name so Sherlock can run a background check on him that will satisfy Sherlock's exacting, and slightly creepy, standards. All in all, John reflects, a fairly typical Sunday afternoon cup of tea with Mrs. Hudson. Actually changing over the lease to have both their names on it again ought to be a matter of five minutes just at the end, but John signs first, and his biro runs out of ink while he's writing in the date, and then Mrs. Hudson can't find any of hers; so John goes back up to their flat to track down an appropriate writing implement while Mrs. Hudson is getting caught up on the pervert leaving notes for the men in the Royal Opera's chorus. Upstairs John locates three broken pencils in various implausible positions around the living room; a hot pink highlighter in the kitchen; a broken fountain pen on the side table; a Max Factor Liquid Eye Effect Eyeliner Pencil in Violet Voltage that'd fallen down between the cushions of the sofa; and finally a somewhat chewed-upon blue biro that, upon giving a scribble on the back of their power bill, does appear to work. He tucks it into his pocket and trots back downstairs, but stops just outside the door. He'd left it open, not really thinking. He can hear Mrs. Hudson talking.
exasperated, even though he oughtn't—and Sherlock's chins are setting out into full flight, so John ducks his face back down, fighting the pull of a different person's muscles: keeping his spine slumped, his arms dangling at his sides, his whole body badly balanced and slope-shouldered and uncertain. He gives, he thinks, a very believable shrug.
Sherlock is in bed with the lights out, barely visible: a dark shape in darkness. More sensed than properly seen. John gets under the covers. Sherlock shifts, sidling towards him; and when he pulls at John's middle John lets him without hesitation: easy. That is easy. There is a half-instant sliver of something not unlike regret blooming inside him. but then Sherlock is curving his body warm and bare, just in pants, around John's back: warm and real. Warm and real. Warm and real. After a breath, John rests his hand over Sherlock's hand on his vest over his belly, very lightly, and leaves it. He doesn't dare to interlace their fingers.
"What's the worst she can do," John asks, low, as he pats moisturizer into Sherlock's cheeks, under his jaw, into his throat. "Figure out we're fucking?"
Sherlock nods. He says, "Will you—"; and John says, "Yes."
"Just the head," Sherlock is saying, rough. "Wouldn't be too much, if you just—just a little. If you can—um. Not go too far."
John swallows. Waits.
"John," Sherlock says, quiet.
"On occasion," he says. "I haven't been 'round in a few weeks, but—"
." Sherlock sighs, pulls John closer in. Cups his hand around John's prick and John feels—off-balance. Surprised.
Sherlock's mouth twists, see-saws. In the end both corners turn down. He looks away.
"Yeah," Sherlock murmurs. "It felt good."
"The first was Big Ben," Greg answers; Sherlock snorts; "and then it was Covent Garden Market, before Tower Bridge—
," welling wet, gasping "
"So besides your cock pressed not
"So," Sherlock murmurs. "If it isn't going to be snap..."
John is inhaling, sharp, as above him Sherlock rearranges himself something approaching gracefully, pulling all his lovely limbs away from the most alarmed bits of John's anatomy and then puts his hand on the back of the chair to stand, which just—just won't do, quite simply, so instead John reaches and—and tugs at him, pulling, wanting—hand on his hip, yearning-looking up; and looking down at him Sherlock pinks up, but after a moment he permits John to tug him into perching, very carefully, on John's thighs.
, says the first. Then:
that I've said, it's why we have two locum physicians on call"; and Sherlock drops his head back against the sofa cushions, exhaling. "And Natalie's dad's got MS," John adds, voice rising against his will, "she's had to take time off for his appointments for the better part of the past two years, always gets that boy from her old school to fill in and he misfiles half the charts—did you think it was coincidence," John asks, almost laughing, "that I went to work with them just after you came back, when the money was better with Jeremy and Cal?"
"Yeah," Sherlock sighs, slow; then inhales. "No," he says, more decisively. "Not at first."
They all wait while Natalie locks it and then stands.
Sherlock swallows: once, twice; then steps away from him. "May I use your shower?" he asks, voice thick.
Pulls back, eventually.
John winds his hand up in the sheets.
"Before you have to get a hand on your cock," John says, low, as he looks down at the long creamy-pinked expanse of Sherlock's body; and Sherlock shifts, foot sliding out on the sheets.
," John says, as wide-eyed Sherlock mouths it back:
"And the hotel?" John scoots forward on the bench, his ankles hooked together, and takes up another blob of noodles. The ends of their chopsticks bump.
John lifts his chin. "Should I let up for a bit?"
"Look," John says, stepping closer, looking down: an excuse. An excuse: Sherlock's hand flattens for an instant, his heart his heart, and then falls down—and away—and apart. John takes another breath. "You need to talk to Hawe," he says, very quietly, "you probably also need to talk to counter-terrorism, you almost
"What?" John asks, looking up.
"Or I could." Sherlock's voice burred, scraping, low. "Keep going, I like—" John touches his cheek, temple: helpless. "I like it," Sherlock says, quiet. "Do you want me to?"
"Hold
—slotting alongside and into him "Christ, more," tongue thick John says, "please,
"Christ": John swallows. "Sherlock—what do you—"
"What?" he asks.
John swallows, and sets the mug on the coffee table; then re-wraps the towel 'round his hips and eases Sherlock's feet up onto the sofa. Shoes off. Socks, he leaves on. He'll wake up in an hour tangled up in his suit jacket but there's no real way around it, is there? John can't get it off him, huddled up like that. He goes for Sherlock's duvet and drapes it, very carefully, near but not quite over him; Sherlock doesn't stir then, or when John finishes the washing up and heads back to the landing; nor when comes back down, dressed if unshaven, for his mobile and his laptop; nor when he sidles back out onto the landing, and holds the handle while he pulls the door shut. Downstairs, John taps, very lightly, on Mrs. Hudson's; when she opens it, he signals her for quiet as he sidles into her living room, and then asks her to text him, will she, if she has a chance to look in on Sherlock?
Sherlock. Nuzzling. "Kiss me again," he says, very quietly; and John opens his mouth. Moving with him, lifting, coming open: the stretched-suspended feeling expanding inside him as Sherlock's tongue slips slick on his tongue.
is an angel the end; and I sincerely hope the next chapter will not take another six months, Jesus H. Christ.
"Come on," John says. "It's not like it'd be the first time, for me, and you can always—"
And ache licks. Knees.
Held still.
"Come now," Sherlock says, "I'm dreadful at cleaning."
"Never mind." Sherlock waves it off, just as the waitress finally notices him—shocking! a diner, in her restaurant!—and starts weaving her way over. "It was a very silly idea, really, when you get right down to—"
! Down by the docks, wasn't it? Didn't he try to off you?"
"Let's go to bed," John says, finally. "Can we just—"
for anything is like pulling dinosaur teeth." Sherlock is flushing, redder and redder: crimson, scarlet. "When it comes to—to
Sherlock sighs. "Plenty of stupider people manage to put themselves in knickers all the time," he says sullenly.
He is, John notes, still looking at John's mouth.
"But you said it
John nods. "Because." He swallows. "I thought—I mean, if anything were going to deter me from thinking about it," he says, steady, "I'd imagine it would've been the, ah." Rubs at his face. "Weeks of feeling like a pervert and a rapist, so—"
Sherlock runs his index finger across the seam of his mouth. John's skin prickling the back of his throat. "Politics," he says, finally, and then: "history."
, he is thinking half-thinking,
"I'm Jeremy's wife, I went to uni with Rhoda," she says, as Sherlock sits. "And John took over at the surgery for me when I had the sprog—I've heard a lot about you."
with someone who wasn't me, but—"
—" and squirms—and "Good," Sherlock murmurs, while John half-barking l-lau—
—wanting John drops down onto his knees, and Sherlock's hands shake but he pushes, doesn't he: pushes at his trousers as John pulls at his pants, cock springing out hard and silky and John grabs him gets his mouth on him full up sucking him up swallowing salt-musk-sweat and the last slivers of soap, could've—swallowing could've just shoved him pulled his pajamas down and sucked him on his knees and Mycroft's bloody case could've just gone and got sodding stuffed while in the kitchen Sherlock's hands braced on—on
The divorce, John suddenly remembers, and the infidelity. That'd
. It makes John ache all over, swallowing a thousand things he thinks Sherlock wouldn't welcome, if John were to say; John looks up at his face and nods instead, and Sherlock turns his mobile back towards himself. Presses start, his cheeks pink.
John nods. Petting, petting: Sherlock shivering everywhere around him while John touches him under his skin.
"You don't have to apologize to anyone for looking after yourself," George says. "Least of all me."
"Yeah. It was—good, you can," Sherlock says, thick, "please," and then lets out a long, slow sigh when John pulls him apart. He's soaked with it, more out than in, but he still breathes in deep and careful when John touches his arsehole. "That's. Um."
Sherlock exhales, long, slow.
"You don't know," Sherlock echoes, sounding skeptical.
," and then reaches up for a pillow, smacks it down against John's face and shoulders, twice. John hooks his feet around Sherlock's knees, still laughing, snatching the pillow and tossing it away to wrestled-wrestling-wrestle the tangle of their bodies smacking elbows-forearm-face into the damp-wrinkled wreck of the sheets.
He wiggles his toes, strategizing.
"Yeah," he says. "He got them bunged into prison, so I think—he thinks it's some sort of grudge, and I think—as I understand it, he thinks Raj in particular took it a bit personally."
"Oh, well." She waves a hand.
They kiss: it feels different. John can't—he can't entirely understand why. Or—
"No," John explains, "I'm being a cock"; and Sherlock gives his left arsecheek a good hard squeeze and chest tight John pushes up onto his knees. "Can you," John says, unsteady; and chin tilted looking up Sherlock pets down-down-down along him,
"You're. Petting me," Sherlock says.
John snorts. That's Sherlock's fault. Pressing, press: open-mouthed Sherlock's blood-hot skin: he tastes like shaving foam. Ought to. Rinse off. Sherlock pets a palm over John's hair, prickling like John's fingers: ribs. Belly.
Sherlock straightens. Turning towards him. He looks unsure: more familiar than anything. John's feet flex, pushing—
John touches his cheek. Sherlock's jaw, roughening: John'll be stubble burn all over, in the morning: he loves it.
"What?" Greg twists to look back over his shoulder.
"You look," John says, voice cracking. He swallows. "Great," he says, finally; and then, more quietly, "Beautiful. Amazing."
"I wanted to strip you naked, to pin you to the wall, to—to make you come all over my face." John's voice cracks.
"Sounds painful," John says, as in his peripheral vision he can see Sherlock's long arms tensing as he balls his hands up on his knees.
"Having fun?" John asks him; and Sherlock lifts his cup again. Takes a long drink, swallows—swallows—swallows, and then slides, smooth and graceful, down under the table to his knees. "What—" John bangs his knee into Sherlock's chair, startled. Sherlock's long hands on his legs, pushing them— "Are you serious?" John asks; and "Shh," Sherlock tells him, "eat your breakfast"; and then nuzzles up sweet-softly in between John's tensed thighs.
"On the plus side, the police are just outside?" he suggests.
"It's extremely relaxing," John says, and then laughs when Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Are you offering to do it for me in future?"
"Not particularly," he murmurs, against John's mouth, but then sighs and pulls away, settling back against John's shoulder. "Drink your tea. It'll help."
have orgasms, I'm not sure he
He stops.
"You're right about some things," Sherlock says, voice soft. "He was my first lover. And it was—before I." He clears his throat. "Stopped."
"No," he says, then, "I—off the market," some half-inarticulate subconscious imp; then realizes, immediately, that it was a mistake.
family would spend two and a half years at a local comprehensive in Oxford. That simply," Sherlock says, voice crisp, "
"Yeah," John says, and then sighs. "Yeah, he does, but I—"
for you, didn't he, because they always do, because how could they not? With you so—so I imagine he would've—taken it a bit personally, I'd think." He takes a breath. Steadying. "I mean," John says. "When you reported him to the police."
"It's fine." Sherlock shifts. "Six—that's good, I. Need to come down a bit, I." He laughs, a little desperately; presses back—and then
"I'd say that there's no way you can possibly know that," John says, "but you clearly do, so. Yes. Yes, I did. Shower, you know—warm, very easy clean-up, satisfactory all around. Lovely, actually."
"Nothing," Sherlock lies. Shoulders hunching: pulled forward, scapulae sliding apart. John flattens his hand on bare skin. Pets up.
John nods. Sparking under his fingertips the knobs of Sherlock's spine. He asks, "Are you smelling me," and Sherlock breathes out.
and like
"Mm." Sherlock brushes his mouth along John's stubbled jaw: a scrape; John shivers. "I like it, too," Sherlock says, very quietly. "It makes you."
; and slower, and again, we're all right. Sherlock nodding, his body over John's body, the occasional shiver of a tremor rippling out in John’s hands.
"What?" Half-gasped.
could ask, John thinks; Sherlock would come in and John could ask,
magazine atop her round belly, drinking water from one of their little paper cups.
, Sherlock'd said—but, Sherlockian scruples, pfft; still willing to—still willing to fuck him with it, isn't he. John swallows. Swallows. Throbbing blood cells vein walls as Sherlock is pressing wetthick eager into him as panting John twists his sweltering face to the sheet. In retrospect perhaps—but no. John doesn't think—Sherlock nuzzles him, ear neck throat; cups his hand over him, gives him a stroke: the bed is oppressively hot John doesn't think Vic and Sherlock ever fucked, awful-jarring-
and John braces his hands on the back of his chair with his sweat-soaked bare back to the door and looks up at the image of himself in his second-storey window: bare and shining all over while he buggers himself, groaning, on a blue silicone cock stuck to a chair. Riding it. Listening to his chair squeaking wood floor and riding it like he'd ride him, like he'd push him down red-faced and gasping, starving for it like that raw first-timer with his hole already fucked open and his prick twitching and dripping while helpless, ecstatic, he grunted and whined rolled his hips up and down and
Sherlock nods again. Drowsy. John should take him to bed, just for sleeping. Sherlock's bed. Oh, Christ—the sofa, maybe. "You could, though," Sherlock mumbles, and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's cheekbone.
Up-down, up-down: John watches, half-hypnotized.
John lifts his head. Pulling back. Looking down at his soft face: open and frank, not folded-up closed-off hidden in the middle. Finally.
"You like it when I fuck you face-first into the mattress," he says, breathless, and pushes in hard enough to half-hurt; as inhaling-winded John can feel the corners of his mouth pulling up. Twisted back further their mouths meet, their noses, Sherlock's mouth and John's nose.
"How'm I doing?" John asks.
"Sherlock," he says.
So close John can swallow it when Sherlock breathes—
Sherlock is quiet for a long, long while. Finally he says, "I did," very soft.
, even. A bit."
—into him so that John can give him, gratefully, all of his trembling and unsteady weight. Sherlock breathes wet and heavy and mouths at the back of John's ear, at John's neck, at the underside John's jaw and chin, turned—tilted,
"H'lo," John says; and Sherlock says, "Shut the door."
He stops, breathing hard. Throat aching, his chest and his arm and his—leg—
George had asked him; and the first time John'd stared down at the carpet and rubbed at the back of his skull and thought about it and thought about it and thought about it.
and the thought is shocking, somehow, for no rational reason. It's not the first time he's thought it.
owed her a favor, so you could say 'thank you, Sherlock, for clearing our debts with neighborhood academia'—"
, while 350 kilometers away soft fast-squelching wet Sherlock'd made little lovely longing sounds fuzzed by distance: and when John'd deleted his texts, that'd been nothing to go away. No records. No tape. That single third incandescent text John has promised to forget best he can but before that in the dark Sherlock'd sent, first,
(Nothing.)
"Hm," says Sherlock; so John digs his fingers into his side.
"On the floor?" Sherlock says, with an uncertain sort of interest, as John wriggles the rest of the way out of his pants.
, more painful:
," and twists spine cracking to make his mouth meet Sherlock's mouth while Sherlock presses him open stretched open open wide. John whines. His hips—
"No, it's. Christ." John's shoulders feel heavy. Rounded down. He forces them up, to reach over and top up her glass. "It's not like it's the first time—but she'd waited half an hour to see me and I recommended something she could've picked up from Boots for ten pounds with no prescription and gave her four phone numbers on a sticky note, and without referring her to social services that's about all I've got, you know?"
Sherlock is moving about in his en suite. His room. John listens to his feet. His blow-dryer. He makes little noises, sometimes, frustrated or thoughtful or annoyed, low in his throat. His electric toothbrush, which John sometimes can hear from upstairs, nearly, only just loud enough to irritate him, like a fly caught in another corner of the room.
"I mean." John swallows. "Misplaced me, ever, I mean."
Hypnotic, really. Sherlock's hot-damp deep breathing. His pulse. John can't see what he's doing but he can feel it: Sherlock's soft mouth and coarse hair and under his skin his hot blood. The tightsoft wet clench of his body: Christ, how John wants. John curls his fingers into him and Sherlock's prick twitches between them, dripping: Sherlock's breath noisy, caught.
!; and
John rubs at his face. He is still holding his mobile. He doesn't need it. With Sherlock out at just past ten on a Sunday, John can make up his bed and do his washing—hoover, maybe—possibly even dust—so he takes a breath, and then carefully, he types,
"No," Sherlock blurts out, "my—my chest."
—," and then, "I want to touch you," all in a rush: his hand brushing down John's bare arm, prickling.
, back—back some time ago. Her damp boozy breath, hot and humid on his face. At one point, John, medical man, had been very certain that that was the lesson he'd needed to learn; but it hadn't been, quite. That dread, though. Anger, too. Sitting in yet another strange soft-lit office thinking about—about nothing; noting George's scarf all the colors of a desert sunset, his legs delicately crossed at the knee. In another of his thousand and one inappropriate mistakes, two weeks later, John'd bought Harry his gratitude in the form of a bottle of wine. A very long sequence of a very great many bad nights.
Sherlock nods. "To that disaster of a child," he murmurs, "certainly. Yes."
"On occasion," he says, finally, "I have been known to—"
John nods. Shifting, noisily, just to get his arms wrapped closer around him. "Then why don't we just table that for now?" John suggests. Turning his hand up, to wind their fingers together.
Sherlock lifts his chin. "Certainly. And if that begins to pale..."
John turns towards him. His nose brushes the side of Sherlock's nose. Sherlock's mouth touches his mouth, and then Sherlock pulls back. Kneels up.
," which is the sort of thing from Mycroft that John is not generally in the habit of letting slide.
—cold and hot and cold, feet apart arms braced full on display—as Sherlock murmurs, "I've heard of a method or two, for handling boys like you"; and John's skin prickles up all over in a half-second of scalding realization just before Sherlock smacks him hard on the arse.
"Long day." Muffled.
"I thought you might." John rubs his right hand over the rucked-up hem of his shirt, cold air on his hot stomach—touches. Breathes deep. Left hand slid down cupping his balls close-heavy to his body, hot all over, Christ. Sherlock is sliding back in John's chair, lifting his chin.
. "I really need," Sherlock says unsteadily, "a cup of tea."
, on—on John's blueamberblue shoulders on John's skull full of wanting him above him Sherlock,
"I note," says Sherlock, "that you haven't got out of bed."
As soon as Sherlock stretches out against him it feels different. The carpet is rough but Sherlock isn't: hot blood smooth skin hard muscle and
Sherlock curls his hand over John's ribs.
"And do you know what they're for?"
Salty. Wet. "Good?" John asks.
Thank you!! And Happy 2017, everybody!
"Okay," Sherlock breathes, "okay?"
Sherlock slides towards him. Skin scraping, John's ruined damp sheets.
John comes so hard his legs cramp. It hurts. Sherlock holds him up.
you," Sherlock says, hungry and thick: "I wanted to shove both my hands up your skirt"; and shivering up the whole length of his prickling ridged spine John gives Sherlock's nipple a long, hard wet suck. "
A moment. John's pulse. He brushes his fingers over the back of Sherlock's right wrist, and fingertip by fingertip, Sherlock unlocks his hand. Turning up. John's palm still stings.
"I still am in favor of the original no-pants plan," Sherlock says, and then gives him an exaggerated leer.  John pauses, then says, "You know"; and steps back over to the bed.
"Overwhelmed," John agrees; and then shifts. "It's overwhelming for me sometimes, too."
Sherlock lifts his head, blinking up at him, and John touches his pink mouth. Shakes his head. Sherlock sighs, then drops back down to rest his cheek against John's belly. Warm and expanding John rubs at the back of Sherlock's neck.
They kiss.
," and John slaps his hands together—over his—heart, and "I went upstairs," he says, and then laughs.
"John," Sherlock says, and his voice cracks; John swallows.
"Can I ask," John says, unsteady, "about that."
"I was going to bring Jasmine," Natalie says. "Mikey too, but he got a callback last minute and is off taking his clothes off for a producer in the West End."
Sherlock's head turns under his hand, side to side, cheek rough on John's hip. "But," he echoes, and bows his chin down towards his chest, so that John's fingers slip over the back of his neck.
"It's not
"Gloves, for chopping garlic," John says. "I mean, for pig dissection, they're clearly optional, but for garlic—"
. "I," Sherlock says, then stops. Licks his lip, then says, "I would."
, and blood rushing up to his face, John nods.
, Brian had said, eyebrow raised,
"So you
"Shut
—" and then lets out a long low hot treacle-slow moan as John drops his hands to his groin, soaps up his balls and his shaft and the wiry thatch of his pubic hair that dizzily John can remember-feel-taste scratching and sweaty against his lips and his nose and his chin. "Later," John gasps, "
Beneath him Sherlock's ribs are expanding. John is starting to shake. Sherlock's fingers slip out of him and he pulls John down, sticky-handed, until John is settled down close against him raw all over with Sherlock's arms wrapped around him, Sherlock tucking John's head close under his chin. Absurd, John is thinking in whispers, absurd, to be touched like this to lie like this to want—; but it hasn't, he is finding, much of any force. So he slides his arm around Sherlock's waist. Holds tight.
The pause draws out. Stretches. Snaps. "Rhoda hates me," Sherlock says; and John sighs.
Sherlock's long hand loosening, millimeter by millimeter, on his electric and aching right wrist.
"No," John says. "I'm just." Swallowing. "Interested," he says, finally. "I'm curious. About you."
"At least when you were what?" she asks, and he sighs. Straightens up in his seat. Sips his wine.
"But all that while I was ignoring." John swallows. "Everything about me," he explains, "that had made meeting you feel right."
"So," John says, "are you going to." He stops, watching as with the tip of his right middle finger, Sherlock pushes the spectacles up the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock's mouth twists, then tugs up at the corner: and John kisses him like that, kneeling up in front of him, with both hands on his face; and Sherlock folds his hands up over John's wrists.
"So is it..." John licks his lips. "Criminal trespass onto—onto high turrets made of foam and tempera, or—"
The hot-angry satisfaction to be taken in Brian's expression buoys John along, out the door down the street 'round the corner while Nat, most likely, is still trapped listening to the bastard while she gets the doors locked up. Unfair: John can't care.
"'Bloody up'," Sherlock corrects, sullenly.
John swallows. Hot face pressed to Sherlock's skin.
Sherlock rolls up onto his left, bending his head forward so that the curve of his spine stands out in a smooth, sharp relief, nape to arse. John wants to take off all his clothes and blanket himself around him, push inside him, lock his arms around him; but he doesn't.
; as though he doesn't know—
"No, still not done with mine," Sherlock says. "You want it?"
"Did you want me to stop," Sherlock asks. "Or." His voice is still heavy with sleep. When John's fingers still in his hair, he butts his head up against John's palm.
but John breathes. "I've never done this," he explains, touching: Sherlock's body melting between-against him: his arm braced on the bed sliding fingers seeking until, clumsy, they meet skin. "I've never—." Swallowing. "Been—bare like this, with—with another girl, I don't—" Swallowing. Stroking: Sherlock licking at his mouth with his fingers crammed deep into himself while thumbing over the wet peak of him cracked-egg pulled open John says, unsteady, "I don't think I could be."
He takes a breath, pressing his mouth back against Sherlock's throat; and Sherlock's pulse throbs in past the edges of John's mouth. John is trying to hold everything Sherlock needs from him inside him, overfull: his hot lesbian girlfriend. This ill-fitting, man-made-for-him skin. This is not, John thinks, a lie too far.
Until.
"You should." John inhales. "Tell me about it, or."
Sherlock drops his voice. "If they're running enough weapons in on the ferry to get this much attention," he says, "we're not dealing with six boys with duffle bags, no matter how often they go back and forth."
, aching: John'd been such a bastard, at eighteen. On the sofa Sherlock'd licked John's palm good and wet, hadn't he. Probably does it like that, still. Gives himself a couple good licks and then pets at himself a little, brings himself right to the edge, and then—what? Inventories his little mental rogues' gallery of murderers? Recites the periodic table? Calculates pi?
"Lucy Matley," he says; and John blinks. Refocusing, with some difficulty.
Scowling, Sherlock says, "Do you mean when Jacobs started going on and on about—"
as with his body he is rubbing over and over and over not in but pressing-against enough for Sherlock to whine, shuddering all over; and John bites at Sherlock's bottom lip, to make Sherlock make that hot, desperate sound. The weight of him. The heat. John can't—he wants to lay Sherlock out in the sea of his bed and pet him slowwetslowgentle until without hurting anywhere he shivers with him apart but Christ Sherlock is asking him, begging: "now—hard—
; so John shoves him back, spine to the wall— "Hold
"I do understand the urge to be cheeky," Holmes is saying, behind him and to the side, "but—perhaps at this particular moment, it's not the wisest course of action, don't you think?"; and the cane snaps down.
"Fine, mostly," he says. "Honestly." He sighs. "I—I stopped running, for a while, but I'm trying to again, which helps." He sighs again. "Still can't cook worth a damn," he says, his throat tight.
Behind him, Sherlock comes in. John glances back at him: clutching again at his bag, the front of his shirt and the edges of his hair dark and shiny with wet. He's still dressed, all the way down to his shoes. John folds the sheet back.
Sherlock's breath puffs out on his throat. "Yeah?" scraping, pavement-hot.
"Look," Marianne says, leaning forward, elbows on the table, "some of my pupils—most of them, really—are basically happy, basically well-cared-for kids with brightish sorts of futures"; and he wants to laugh, but doesn't. She says, "But I see a lot of darkness, and failure, and tragedy, too. That's just... what
: and Sherlock whines into the underside of his jaw and slips a hand in between them while John, vision sparking at its edges, pets until the peak of Sherlock's hard tight nipple rubs up against the pad of his thumb.
—" John blinks sweat-stinging eyes pushing back hollow and desperate while Sherlock fits himself over him, draped blanket-tight against him, nudging the thick-plummy head of his slick prick into him— John's mouth soaked with spit.
"But if they weren't," John says. Cupping Sherlock's breast; under the water, he brushes his fingers over one jutting crested hip, and Sherlock presses his shoulders back against him, breathing in.
John wakes.
So John chops the onion. Sherlock makes them some sort of chicken thing that looks dreadful and tastes delicious and then only eats about a third of his bit, picking at it in that grim mechanical way he gets when he has to eat and he knows it but nothing's going to make him happy about it. When he finally pushes it away, looking disgusted,  John slides his chair back, packs Sherlock's leftovers into the fridge, does the washing up. At first Sherlock remains mutely seated at the table, but he comes back in halfway through; starts taking things off the draining board, drying them off, tucking them into the cupboards, silent.
Sherlock frowns, but he comes over, sits down on the edge of the bed, and says, "I don't
Quiet John says, "I know you'd rather we didn't fuss."
"He said he worked with her assistant," says John, "during the trials—could he've gone to them?"; and listens to Mycroft take a slow, steady breath.
him, do you
John sits back on the sofa. Rests his hand around his tea. The seam of the cup is rough under his thumb. Stroking up. Stroking down. The backs of his shoulders feel crinkly, singed; but it's not like he didn't see it coming. There's a dark stain seeping down from the rim of the cup, where it had spilled a bit, when he'd put on the lid.
"I think it is abundantly clear," Sherlock says at last, very crisply, "that I don't treat you like a
By late morning John's tea—the bag on its fourth go, he thinks—just takes like dirty water. He dumps the tea bag in the bin and gets a fresh one to brew another and takes another patient of Rhoda's right at noon, so that she can get onto her mobile to make sympathetic noises at what is presumably the diseased youngest child: evidently now well enough to be left with Rhoda's mum to mind her, but still, apparently, not in terribly good nick. Every time between patients all morning Sherlock still hasn't replied. Hasn't by lunchtime proper, either. Those silences'd dragged out last night, too, so it can't
—" and wipes at John's cheeks, his mouth while numb-tongued John manages, "—
"What do you want for breakfast?" Sherlock says; then, "Not eggs." He sounds sleepy: John stretches, scratches his fingertips through Sherlock's hair. Sherlock arches into it, half-purring. "Tired of eggs," he explains.
She nods and John closes the door, rubs the back of his hand against his forehead. A bit of lettuce escapes from the paper around the sandwich, and plops onto the floor. Behind him, Natalie taps on the door, quiet-quiet, and John, not wanting to admit any patients or paperwork that might happen to be lurking in her wake, opens it just wide enough for her to press the pills into his palm. "Thanks," he says.
John licks his bottom lip. "You don't get presents on Halloween."
isn't uncertain.
"Doesn't it just feel pointless, sometimes?"
John's back prickles up. "Manipulative?" He laughs, dish clattering into the sink. He turns. Leans back against the windowsill, arms crossed tight over his chest. "
. Sherlock's skin.
John swallows. "Yeah. Sort of, I—"
: swallows. Feels himself folded back into his body and pushes his shirt up, baring—thinking of his mouth on Sherlock's pink nipples. Vaulted ribs. "Whatever you'd like," John says, thick. Digs the side of his nail into the edge of his areola, pulls himself down.
Shocking, somehow. John feels like, at a certain point, he ought to get used to Sherlock looking at him like that, but he hasn't, yet. He brushes his fingertips over the turned-in corner of Sherlock's mouth and then says, very steadily, "I could wear blue jumpers every day, if you'd like."
"You spend all that time busily coming up with little tricks to try?" Hot—close—John moans. "Coming up with all the things you could get away with." Sherlock licks a long stripe down his cheek. "Right up until," wet into his jaw, "you caught me off my guard," his mouth, "and made me come?"
John swallows, hard.
"Dried?" John suggests; and after a moment, Sherlock nods, turning towards the cupboards.
"So," he agrees. "I wasn't." Sidling to one side to let a harried-looking woman in a pantsuit reach past for a loaf of wholemeal bread, then looking back at Marianne. "I really wasn't hitting on you."
conversation, so John downs the last of his tea, and takes his next patient.
"Yeah," Sherlock mumbles. Inhales: sharper, "Yeah," and then twists his face away, to dig around in the tangle of things he'd dropped on the bed.
"Not many," John agrees.
John checks his pockets: mobile, wallet, keys; his laptop bag over his shoulder, his jacket collar trapped under the strap. "No," he says. "Not without cause."
"Please." John swallows. "M'ready. I want—I want it, I want you to," barely breathing: "touch me,
"Sore?" Sherlock asks. Wet-slick thick his fingers slow: "Yeah," John manages. Unsteady. "Don't stop."
, when George had asked,
"I will, then," John says, quiet; swallowing,
. A challenge, almost. He'd nearly meant to say,
"All right?" John asks, quiet.
"Thanks," he says, and swallows. "Then—know that, please. That is especially hard for me, and also—unnecessary. I—I don't like it when you go off on your own, not—not on a case, but I
"Tea."
"You're naked," John reminds him. Not quite unnecessary: "Jeans. It'll chafe." Sherlock just raises an eyebrow at him, reaching for his flies; and John takes a moment to briefly consider their wide-open windows, the late summer's day light; before he remembers he doesn't give a toss about the neighbors, he's just been sucking Sherlock off, and also that anyone still idiot enough to look in at 221B after five years of intermittently staged murders, gallons of pigs' blood, an assortment of human body parts, more than one explosion, and John stripping Sherlock to his shorts in the kitchen after dark with the lights on deserves whatever they get. John has to stand to get his jeans off, but when Sherlock pulls him back onto the sofa he goes. Back prickling, but. Close. Skin everywhere, warm.
“No, I want to.” Sherlock insisted, “I just want you to know. I’m not, well. I’m not an expert.”
John.
“Fuck the tea,” John said.
“What?” John murmured.
“You know, when I woke up this morning and you weren’t there, I was afraid.” John said.
“Yes, it truly is thrilling,” his fingers were absently stroking John’s hair.
“There’s nothing on your slide.”
John then was overcome with an urge to touch. He let the urge rule him for once, reaching to cup Sherlock’s right cheek. “You think I’m not? I’m bloody terrified right now.” The other man’s eyes fluttered closed as John made contact, head tilting slightly to lean into him. This was all too much for John’s incredibly human heart.
Against the back of John's hip, the coldwet edge of the sink: seeping through his jeans.
, after everything: did Sherlock, of all things, find the alliteration appealing? And what, after all, would John discover, really, if he opened that folder? Adams, Alex, of course, with his muscular arms and lightened hair, orangey-bleached: but John isn't angry with him, doesn't need to be angry with him, doesn't know him, can't even really properly
"Summer fling, was it?" John asks. "Home from school?"
"It was just hard to know what to say, really," Sherlock says, finally. "Nothing's changed"; and the wallpaper swims for a moment, then is still.
"You wanted me to keep an eye on him for you, at first," John says, finally. "You remember." Trying for light. "Whatever happened to that, hm?"
Shuddering. Gulping for air: "Christ," John gasps: pushing up held against him tight-wet rubbing his face on Sherlock's face, his shoulder, his throat: "I can't," wobbling, Sherlock underneathalloveragainst him letting out tiny—desperate—moans: "I can't hold back," John gasps, "I need to—"
"Yeah?" John asks, mouth quirking. "I thought you wanted me to touch you," he murmurs, and starts in on Sherlock's index finger, which twitches in his hand.
"Perfect." John takes it. "Ta."
John rinses the pan, hands it over.
Sherlock's chin lifts: a slivered smile, his narrowing cat's eyes. "Haven't much of that."
Freezing up.
"; and then "T-ten," Sherlock whispers,
. John doesn't think about it. Hand on him, clavicle to thumb.
Sherlock keeps watching him. "But I don't pin you down against my mattress and rub myself all over you every night," he supplies.
"I mean," Sherlock says, low and rough:
He clears his throat. "Do you have anything in particular in mind?"
Breathes. In: tasting Sherlock's skin. His fingers curling up in the warm, tacky hollow at the base of Sherlock's back.
"Yeah." John tucks his fingertip beneath the waistband of Sherlock's trousers. Sherlock nods. John tugs, and Sherlock half-stumbles towards him. Presses close. John presses his knuckles into Sherlock's skin, harder. Sherlock trembles, warm.
Sherlock's been reduced to clicking about the internet at random, apparently, and John's moved back against the arm of the sofa, feet up and half-heartedly reading an utterly uninteresting novel about the financial crisis because Sherlock's still hogging his laptop, by the time Sherlock says, "I didn't mean that you had to stop, you know."
Across from him, George shifts. "What
Stretched drum-tight. Heart fluttering in his ribs. Sherlock's skin is burning, everywhere: arms tight around him head and thigh to chest and his body pressed almost-flush against John's body as John's hands slip in their sweat and Sherlock's hips roll out and then in—prising—and John says, unsteady, "On, on my back, you'll be able to—"
John rolls his eyes and pushes up off his knees, offering Sherlock a hand up. "You're not going to leave me alone until I show you everything Mantle or Chambal's ever brought up behind your back, are you."
"Well done, John," Sherlock mumbles, then sighs. Dark head lolling on his shoulder, turned to the side.
"Six and a half," Sherlock corrects.
"You do it," John asks, "like this?"
. Sherlock had said,
: pinned between John's slick hand rubbing-wet up to and over the dripping head of his cock and Sherlock's fucked-open tender arsehole stuffed full of his fingers; stockings scraping his stockings and his tits pressed to Sherlock's sensitive little tits: "I'll take you home," John whispers, and Sherlock whines, "Yes," arching up against him, biting at him; John gasps, "Take you home from—from—" and then panting and panting until Sherlock grinds out, "From school"; and John groans, "Oh, Christ, Sherlock—fuck, I'll—I took you straight upstairs," and Sherlock gasps, "Yes"; kissing clumsy overeager teeth-clacking while slicking-fingers John rubs Sherlock fucking up against him while John gasps, "Lasted—two, two sodding minutes and then—just—just shoved our books aside"; and Sherlock groans, "
"Ms. MacAuley," she says; not looking up he nods as desperate he starts another:
ing drawn-out shiver-
"Yeah," Sherlock says. "And—and my hands, I."
Sherlock inhales, sets his feet on the floor, and then sets the cane down against the side of his chair, half hidden; and John drags his eyes back up to Sherlock's face. His long hands, steepling in front of his mouth.
Tucked between them. Breathes. And breathes. "Car's here," Sherlock whispers. John nods. "I've got to go." John nods.
"Too much?" John asks; and Sherlock shakes his head, head bowed: "No," rough, "
John wants: a yes; an answer; permission; to never have asked. A two-decades-long redo. He wants his terror and Sherlock's both gone; to be good to him, to be safe for him, to be true to him in a way that runs deeper than John had ever thought he might, in fact, be. To be allowed to kiss him. To hold his hand.
; John hasn't been honest about his weekends in years. But his secondary sin of omission (if it even merits the name) starts to fidget him sometime after the afternoon Rhoda asks him if John'd be interested in meeting her second sister—who's due to be getting in at Heathrow when Rhoda's eldest daughter's halfway through some sort of event or another, John'd stopped listening—for lunch next Saturday. He doesn't, usually—not listen, that is: he
easy, and then flushed, all the way down his face and his throat and blotching across the ridges of his collarbones, the planes of his bare chest. All the ways he could ask, but didn't—but
He stops. Wrapped up with Sherlock's long uncompromising fair body, John feels untentative and tender; made quiet; hopelessly fond: a dictionary of words no one has invented yet, how he feels about Sherlock Holmes.
"It does seem a bit like a stealing a tank to take care of a mouse in the kitchen, doesn't it," John says, and Sherlock laughs, loud and startled.
, what are you, what are you fucking
"Said you didn't," John says, "have one, I mean," rubbing his face in between Sherlock's shoulderblades.
, not the way you do, but it feels." He licks over his upper lip.  Sherlock is watching him steadily. "It feels like you want to be gentle with me," John says finally. "It feels like you want to take care of me."
, I was
," in his own voice; while shivering against him under the folded-over corner of the duvet Sherlock lets out a long, agonized sob pressing his hands flat his face gasping and gasping while John is saying, "It's all right, Sherlock, Christ, I didn't—what can I—do you need me to—" and Sherlock moans shuddering-shaking and hunches his body into John's body and so "shh" and "shh" and  "it's all right we're all right" while John tightens his arms around him wrapped around him heart pounding, squeezing, while Sherlock shudders pressing closecloseclose against him all over and shudders and shivers and sobs. His breath makes a noise on the inhale that hurts at the base of John's belly: John drags the duvet as tight as he can around them, heart in his throat. "John," Sherlock gasps; "I'm here," John whispers, "Anything"; and "
The last thing he needs is to be thinking about Sherlock stretching out, slow and sleepy, and—John grinds his teeth.
"Nothing—it's Mycroft's," Sherlock says, "expenses"; and John nods, looking back down at the table. He mops at the soup they spilled, their little crumpled mound of serviettes, exhausted. His leg aches.
"If you get yourself off while I'm making you French toast," Sherlock calls back, banging the fridge open, the cupboard; "Excuse me, I'm just trying prevent myself from coming all over the kitchen," John tells him, pulling himself up; and head bent over a mixing bowl with a pair of eggs ready on a tea towel at his elbow, Sherlock starts snickering again:
"No," Sherlock says, after a moment. "I don't mind."
Sherlock nods, nose rubbing against John's skull; John's fingers knot. "Shoved into your throat," Sherlock suggests, "balls slapping your chin."
John swallows. Slicks up his fingers—the angle's awkward, his left shoulder trapped clumsily by the mattress and their bodies and his arm barely able to move, but he can do it if he gives it a go, shifting himself close and petting his wet fingertips along the crack of Sherlock's arse, already pulled half-apart, enough for John to rub at him, get his two fingertips just dipping in while he—stretches—
John touches the lacy top edge of the right cup. Traces his fingertips down to the little bow in the middle. The wire under the cup is pressing against his sternum: Sherlock's chest dips, a bit, in the middle. On Sherlock it would float. Yvonne had been speaking softly, when she'd shown John the stitching around the wire that showed just there, between the cups, on the inside; and how it was hidden, on other end, under the edge of the elastic at the top of the band: just a shopgirl to a customer, demonstrating their quality workmanship, when she rolled the elastic up bit to one side. John slides off the shoulder straps and works the band 'round to undo it, steady hands. He still keeps his mending kit in his medicine cabinet, for buttons and worn seams; it has a tiny, infuriating pair of miniature scissors that barely cut and always stick, but are enough, apparently, to tackle the soft-felted black fabric just holding the wires to see-through black lace. Once he's made a bit of a slit under the side elastic, he can jab the wire out easily, pull it free. The other side, too. Then he puts the stupid thing back on. Later, he'll sew the holes up; right now he is trying on his new bra.
"Ten," John says, quiet, against Sherlock's warm mouth.
Sherlock squints at him. "King?"
Sherlock takes a breath. Another, and then, quietly, he asks, "What were you thinking about? I mean—while we were—"
"It's the measure of a coach, isn't it?" John asks. "They might—" he inhales, fast— "might mind you well enough when you're watching them, but the second your back is turned—"
"I wish my bathrobe
toward Indian treasure," John says, with the corners of his mouth tugging—
John—
"Yes," Sherlock says, a little huffily, "and I—
Sherlock is silent for a long, still moment. "I don't not like it," he says, finally.
Without Sherlock to keep him up the position seems untenable. The surface of the bed tilts and dips as Sherlock gets up, and John lets himself drop down onto his face and belly. Doesn't let his eyes close. He rolls up onto his side, watching Sherlock pick up John's shirt and use it to wipe lube off his belly and the harness and his thighs.
Sherlock thumbs over the stinging crack of John's arse, pulls him apart— "Too keyed up," Sherlock murmurs, "to even properly work you open"; and "Yeah," John moans, "yeah, I—do it, Christ—" and Sherlock rubs the dry tip of his finger over him prickling awake and then smacks him hard flat-handed bone-deep
Christ.
," and so John can lean back in starving open, to suck Sherlock's testicles into his mouth. "
Sherlock steeples his hands.
"Knowing you shouldn't, and doing it anyway," Sherlock says, and John nods, and then Sherlock tugs him
"In bed?" he asks. George hums, and John shifts. "He rather makes a habit of giving me things before I have a chance to ask for them," he explains, then clears his throat.
And again: Sherlock sighs. John shifts and settles against him, and kisses him, open-mouthed.
He laughs. "Advise lunatic private detectives on how to keep their books, you mean."
, force it open—hold him, petting. Loose. John's marionette fingers, rubbing at Sherlock's patchy stubble, his pale throat. Sherlock rubs the backs of his knuckles across John's wet lips, and John can't— "Or," John says, helpless, "you—you could stop for a while, if you want," he is saying, air sharp in his chest, cutting up his throat, "and then—then start again," while Sherlock's lovely warm fingers pet at his cheeks, at the edges of his mouth. John doesn't want to stop. John wants to kiss him and not stop. Instead he forces—forces himself steady, makes his mouth move: says, "We're not in a hurry"; as Sherlock bends.
. So. So he rubs at his face. So Sherlock is Sherlock and John is John and John is lying in his bed which smells of their bodies and just—just don't think, he tells himself, don't think.
John swallows. "You want me to take off my clothes?"
Bridged over him Sherlock curls his head down and flicks his tongue at John's nipple: lightning; John jerks all over.
"Yes," Sherlock says, indecently quick.
John nods. He can feel his mouth turning down at the corner: wanting it not to doesn't seem to much matter.
, whose names John still hasn't learned; about
"I wanted to be close to you," Sherlock says, turning to look at him. "I want you to be happy." His frank, pink face. "I want you to get what you want, too," he says, quietly.
"Gaydar," Sherlock says aggressively, "is
my fault," Rhoda snarls, banging the morning's worth of charts down into the basket to be badly refiled. "If he can't
"If you thought that all you needed was to—if you thought that," John manages, aching, "that I would want—and then hearing about it from
"I know what's on offer," John says, aching, "I know, but—besides." He laughs, a little, and squeezes Sherlock's fingers tight between their chests with his right hand clenched tight on the back of Sherlock's neck. "It's hardly as though I'm pounding down doors on my own," John says, "and I—I'd still want—I mean, even if you were to—er, change my mind—" and Sherlock cups his face in both hands and kisses him deep and hungry and eager and John feels an electric-shock shiver run down the length of his spine. Sherlock shoving him back into the pillows, eeling himself up, his elbows braced beside John's head as John grabs at his arse, blood lurching through his skin, heart pounding—
Sherlock inhales, slow.
: so John listens to the shower not thinking. Eyes closed.
until John groans, again, punched out of him, spattering up his chest and his jaw while Sherlock breathes noisily in, and in, only-just-stroking the bruised-aching sole of John's foot.
This close, John can hear the work of Sherlock's mouth as he swallows. The wetness moving at the back of his throat.
Sherlock nods. Hand hot on John's heavy balls. Squeezing him: pinned by Sherlock's two arms John, helpless, writhes.
He feels Sherlock swallow, swallow. Barely a breath away from the button at the tips of John's fingers.
"He saw a different me," Sherlock corrects. "But that was—close enough, at the time."
John pulls off, wet saliva snapped: "You're." Swallowing. "Close."
"It is, then," he says, very rough; and John takes a breath.
"Pot, kettle," Sherlock says, but then he sighs, and pulls back.
—" and John. Can't.
John is swallowing, swallowing. Sherlock, panting, presses his face over and over to John's head and the back of John's shoulders; and then he whispers, "I want you curled up with me and a liter of lube, I want to be inside you for hours," with his hands, his sodding hands still shaking on the edge of the worktop, barely—barely touching him; and John swallows, rough and lonely, and says, at last, "All right."
, all the way down at his little inextinguishable animal core. He's not the first man to like ladies' knickers and a bit of role-play, but John can believe that it
John keeps the photos for later, no attachments; hits send; and then sets his mobile beside the bag still half-full with tissue paper; and reaches, hands steady, towards the back of his sink.
with corrections if I did.
"I've always infuriated you," Sherlock mumbles; and "That," John says, "is correct." Against his chest Sherlock sighs, then says, "My point is that it isn't as though two grown men with strong personalities and uncertain personal habits can decide to just discard one of the core principles of their cohabitation and expect that everything will just—
: drumbeat, drumbeat;
"Ngh—I, I want," Sherlock gasps, and then
, while Sherlock moans around cotton slickening between them and John's face burns like the surface of the sun.
(See the end of the chapter for
John follows Sherlock back up onto the duvet, while Sherlock is elbowing up for the water. Touching his back John can't help but notice how assiduously Sherlock has been keeping his front hidden: carefully John pets his damp spine, feeling tender and fond. Sherlock drinks half the glass, then sets it down, steady; and then, very slowly, he rolls up onto his hip, facing John: red all over. He keeps trying to meet John's eyes and failing. Gaze skittering off to the side as John sidles up towards him, careful. John kisses him: gentle. Cupping his cheek with his hand feeling—sodden. Heavy. Supersaturated with care.
"I," Sherlock gasps, then higher, "
"What," Sherlock says, stumbling, "what are you—" as John turns, pulling Sherlock tighter against him, heart high, barely knowing—but wanting-dragging Sherlock along instead as he steps—steps out-in-out-turn, and then out—John knocks into the ottoman, kicks it back and out of the way, in-out-in-
"Shut up," says Sherlock, disgruntled.
"Will you." Sherlock swallows, noisy.
John shifts. They are so close. John wants to be closer. He feels—spilling-over, badly constrained; his hand flutters, folds and unfolds on Sherlock's cheek, the edge of his throat, the top of his queerly scrunched-up shoulder; and the seat of the chair is digging into John's knee, but he can't—he's standing right up against it, in front of Sherlock—and he can't get any closer, not without—but
, that it might have something to do." Forcing his hand down flat. "With what happened," he says, "with Jacob": breathing. "When you were." In: out. "Just a boy, and he. Wasn't."
"I always want to..." Sherlock squirms around, heavy and solid, with John's skin springing up with sweat underneath his vest. Beneath Sherlock's weight. "Push you up against things," Sherlock says, "and so forth."
John drops his hand. He can't—
"Oh," John gasps, "
, John texts back, his back up against the door; and then scrubs at his hair, heads back to his desk, and grimly flips open the next chart.
his hobby and
John rinses the last pan. His hands. He dries his hands off on his shirt because Sherlock is still using the towel, drying the pan as thoroughly as that pan has ever been dried in the whole of its life, his face blank and his shoulders hunched up and John can't stand it, he can't, he can't bear it, he can't stand the thought of Sherlock spending another night like this, he can't imagine going to the surgery in the morning and leaving Sherlock alone. He puts his hand on Sherlock's arm and he waits until Sherlock stops drying the pan and looks at him. He looks exhausted. Wrung out.
what a pitiful excuse so he does it, blood rushing to his hands and his face, feeling reckless and wild as he gets his right leg over Sherlock's leg and settles his weight down, heart rabbiting all the way up to the top of his throat.
"Please," he says. If they were they wouldn't; he is thinking. If they were, John is thinking, he wouldn't know. Rough with gratitude, John asks, "Let me, please."
John manages—can't quite—manages, "
And they kiss.
John swallows. "You've had an eventful morning."
," Sherlock gasps, and shivers: John kisses an apology. Sherlock is sliding his hands, clenching: down across the warm-red tension in John's lower back and the suspender belt and the prickling-aware skin of his arse to—to touch: only just. Pulse echoing between them, skin to skin: John isn't entirely sure whose it is.
"Six," Sherlock says, "don't stop," and then swallows. "Besides it's—it's better if I keep both my hands free."
," Sherlock says. "I could've started with, 'John, my mum's a terrifyingly well-bred gorgon with 217 publications to her name—"
"Keep an eye on you." John swallows. "Don't want you coming over here and. Biasing the results."
. Weirdly desperate, John nods: "Me neither," he says, but it feels, somehow, strangely untrue. Sherlock turns, eyes closed, and rubs his face into John's wrist.
John shakes his head, smiling. "No," but caught. Sherlock's mouth against his, smiling too. "But."
(which John had added, half-amused, after a conversation with Mycroft),
"Of what?" George asks, and John tilts his head back, blinking up at the wavering ceiling. A flat, shadowed white.
—but still. But still.
John pauses. "That," he says, "is definitely not a question I'm asked every day."
"In trouble how?" George asks, and John picks at the tired edges of his sandwich. It's limp. A bit floppy.
"You're going to feed me chamomile, aren't you," Sherlock mumbles; and John huffs against his collarbone. Turning his mouth up, touch, up: "Yeah."
He breathes: Sherlock breathes. He breathes. Sherlock breathes. Steady and careful John breathes because he is breathing. In bed against him Sherlock breathes. Breathing in-in-one-two-four and out-one-two-three-four and in counting up to and out four three to one lying shoulder to shoulder in grass just the two and then in one to one with their fingers pressed one-two-three-four-five print on print fingerprints imprinting in the sun, one day turning to two and to four five into weeks into months into twenty ten and the two of them in the grass by the river leaning up for the first time to bend down to touch two lips four made to one when they interlaced their fingers and John whispers:
"Yeah," John says.
John goes into his bedroom. Takes off his shoes and his shirt and his damp-backed jeans and puts them in with his washing. His socks. Sherlock had held his hand. Clung, really. John leaves his boxers on, but, after some thought, he takes off his vest: the evening is hot. He turns on the lamp by the bed. Opens the window, but pulls the filmy curtains shut. He thinks it'll make it easier.
John nods, tucking his notepad and pen into the folder. "Do you know a time at all?"
"John was the one who caught Oliver Bullock," Natalie is telling Brian, hair falling in her face as she crams her mobile into her handbag, already too full to do up the zip. She has pitched her voice up, warm and bright. "There were three reporters camped out the front that Monday," she enthuses (she had not, as John recalls, enthused at the time); "Rhoda had to drive them off with her mum voice"; and John shifts.
29 and 30
"Please." John's voice catches. Face burning, can't even care. "Just—as much as I can," heart, "I know that you'll need—"
"Well." Sherlock inhales, long and loud. "You did get shot in the shoulder, after all," he says, "so I suppose I can't much throw stones—"
Helpless, John just moans: and then
Nose. John rubs against his spine. Nods. Chin up: "Pass me the soap?" he asks; and Sherlock lets go of John's wrists at his belly just long enough to fumble with the bar amongst the bottles, shove it down into John's hand. John kisses his shoulder—his shoulder—his shoulder again. It's about the only thing he can reach. Blind he maps out Sherlock's front with his hands, breathing him in. The planes of his chest are solid, rising and falling with his breath, which catches when John brushes soap over a nipple, and breaks when John does it again. With its usual dreadful sense of timing John's cock is nudging against the tops of Sherlock's long thighs but when Sherlock tries to wriggle them apart to make room John stills him, his soapy left hand on his hip.
"And you want to be with me," Sherlock says, hushed; and John breathes. Breathes.
. The stretch-and-pull of Sherlock's long thigh muscles under John's fingertips while John kisses him, soft, through his knickers; and then slides his thumb up, to pull them just aside.
John's stomach feels high and tight. "Do you mean, if I win or lose?" he asks; and Sherlock's eyes drive into the soft flesh of his face when he says, low and rumbling, "You tell me."
Breathing deep.
Sherlock presses tighter into his half-bitten moan and John bangs his head back against the window so his throat can open enough that when very low, Sherlock says, "You tell me you like it," John can say, "Y-yes," as Sherlock repeats, "
"That won't last," Sherlock says, lips soft on John's lips, "will it."
"It's all right," Sherlock says; and John laughs and says, "It'll probably take me even longer to not just cuddle up to you in the night and try to—
He does notice, when Sherlock stops playing. All his attention is wound up and focused on Sherlock past the edges of the page: when John shifts—micrometers—Sherlock hunches, so John just keeps on pretending to read. In his peripheral vision Sherlock sits in his chair. Crosses his legs. Hands steepling together: in front of his mouth the cage of his fingers. The violin is absent, palpably. In the silence of the flat their every movement seems horribly amplified: shuffles and creaks and squeaks. The scrape of John turning pages. The heavy syncopated in-and-out of their breath. Outside the windows the dull grey of the afternoon rain is slowly turning to charcoal, the streetlights wobbling with water. Careful, John turns the page, not looking up. There are words, which he cannot read. He's not certain, but he hopes it's one of Harry's mediocre popular novels. If it's one of Sherlock's there may be an exam on it later.
: John nods, nods. Sherlock touches his hair: John gasps. Shivers. Pulls him deep, deep; swallows silicone and breathes in sweaty skin and leather. John pulls up, breathes; breathes, twists his hand. "Good," Sherlock says, as John strokes loose around his drying spit, and Sherlock digs his fingers into John's scalp as heart pounding John takes him deep again. "So sweet for me," Sherlock says, very quietly, and John swallows. Pulls back to press his hot forehead to hip and strap and buckle and rubs his thumb along the too-smooth too-round head of Sherlock's cock, panting; and Sherlock asks, "Are you so sweet for everyone," and when his voice cracks it doesn't matter, doesn't matter: John is reaching for the lube. It's leaked out onto the duvet: fucking hell, who cares? John swipes up as much as he can with his fingers, opens the bottle. Good and wet: he gets his hand around Sherlock's black silicone cock and rubs him up and down; up, down; updown. Sherlock's ribs are moving up and down and John wants to press—he slides back. On his knees. Reaches out to tug at Sherlock's hard cold prick, and then drops his fingers down. Touches the edge of Sherlock's hot skin beside the masking curve of the leather and then rocks back onto his heels.
: panting John slides back, down; kisses a haphazard path down Sherlock's calf to his ankle while above him Sherlock jerks and moans. John curls his tongue around his Achilles tendon, scrapes his teeth up his sole, and Sherlock moans, hips up, toes flexing; so John holds his bent calf hard to the duvet to suck his big toe into his mouth, squeezing the arch of his foot. "Nine," Sherlock moans, "nine, I—
Quiet, Sherlock says, "I know that you like me."
"Yeah, well." John licks at his lip. " I don't ever particularly relish the thought of asking you for information, but needs must, so: Lucy Matley?"
"You feel." Sherlock breathless; John licks out—at, at his moving far-away impossible mouth— "Really good, I—is it, do you like it," unsteady, and stretched seawater-slick John nods shivering and nods as Sherlock whispers, "Yeah?" and John gasps, "Yeah, I—I love it, I—
"Six," Sherlock says. Slightly muffled. Then: "Five point five."
"I mean." John swallows, shifting. "Properly, I mean, I—we ought to, to take—a normal holiday, like—like normal people, and—and all right, bit of a stretch, I know, and I—we'll also have to go and visit my somewhat abnormal sister and her deeply peculiar cat but just. We should just." The side of his calf feels, absurdly, cold. "I'll ask for a few days off, properly, a—a few weeks out," John says, under his breath, "so that we could have—
, hot-slamming-shivers avalanching through him as he comes all over their dusty-carpeted floor.
Sherlock draws in a slow deep breath, ribs touching John's ribs. "Tedious," he says. "Filled with tourists, and the Dutch."
, and that John'd replied,
"There," Sherlock says, a little breathlessly. "I rather thought you could."
Forcing himself to—
— and then up and into his hair with a quick sticky brush of his damp lips, tantalizing; and then inhales against his ear.
, he'd not said; if he'd continued, in his not speaking, he would have not said:
Sherlock's eyes are closed. His lashes tremble, slightly, with his pulse: blurred, this close. "You didn't want to go to bed with me in 2010," he says.
"Oh," she says. "I see."
Now John is lying on his back on his duvet with the door wide open at eight in the evening and the flat is silent, but that means very little: Sherlock could be in his bed downstairs, sleeping; he could be at Scotland Yard, annoying Donovan; he could be downstairs having tea with Mrs. Hudson or halfway around the planet for all John knows, and John is definitively
"What?" Sherlock looks down.
"Yeah, I know," John says, "but."
," he says. It comes out weak, but he doesn't look away, so he is watching as, slowly, Sherlock at last focuses back in on his face.
unusual for a married woman (particularly one with a young child) to work there (particularly in a technical role) during the war. I've been assuming that to do so, Anne worked under her maiden name, which conveniently also would've been the name under which she published before her marriage; and that she kept it very quiet that she even
?" and John moans. "You think about me getting my fingers up you, while I got us off?" Sherlock asks, hot on his skin, and dizzy John moans, "Yes, yes"; and warmdamp right into his ear Sherlock bites out, "What. Else."
Sherlock shivers, then turns: "John," he says, thick; and John manages to drag his arm up arms open wanting—just
; and the last, out of all of them, had filled John up with a hot, painful rush of shame. He had not been angry.
Cheek. Spine. John touches, counting: one-two-three; while Sherlock breathes warm on his shoulder and neck. Sunlight streaming in over John's back and shoulders: gone while they were screwing from a mist to a flood. Sherlock's skin nearly glows with it. Golden. Lit up from inside. It brings out the red in his hair, John notes. His throat feels strange.
Sherlock snorts, and then starts to laugh—giggling, really; and then kneels forward again, tugging—so John goes—to get John to the edge of the chair, easing his—arse up—boxers down and then giving him a long wet lick, and John sighs.
"It seemed like it bothered you," John says, and then is silent, oarless, at sea.
, you just—manufacture—convenient—fabulisms—" and Sherlock starts laughing outright, shoulders shaking John's arms around his shoulders, snorting,
; and then sighs.
"Which part was that for?" John asks. "The cheating; or Shoreditch": and Sherlock snorts. Laughs, half-unwilling: and then settles his body down. Pressing close.
Upstairs, Sherlock hovers in the doorway while John turns on the taps. Runs his fingers in and out of the water checking-checking-checking, glancing back at Sherlock standing like a pelican and rubbing the top of his right foot against his left ankle: God, John wants to eat him alive. John goes for the stopper, but Sherlock says, "Isn't that—unhygienic, a bit," and John turns to look back at him properly. Raises an eyebrow. Sherlock straightens, shoulders back head up, chins wrinkling, and says, "In many countries it's exceptionally rude to get into a bath without showering first"; and John opens his mouth to argue, but then. Doesn't.
talking about his—Christ, a month ago I didn't even really know what he did when he fucked off in 2012, I'd thought—for all I knew he could've been drinking cocktails on a yacht in the Mediterranean, not—but every little scrap he gives me just means I know better how badly I'm cocking everything up, not—not how to fix it. Any of it. At all."
"Or the 6
What daylight trickles into the little shadowy space between Sherlock's bedroom and the kitchen is still blue and grey, as though it's still hours ago: an illusive sort of a wall. Sherlock's face is cracked open, crumpled and miserable, his body held tight, and he keeps darting little longing glances towards his bedroom, his hands in fists at his sides.
— "I think that's as far—is it enough?"
John wants to laugh. After Sherlock'd got half a bottle of lube up him while sucking his cock and then fucked him through another eye-crossing orgasm while he leaked like a girl, "No," John says, "dodged that," while Sherlock pets his long fingers over John's arsehole: warm and tender but not aching, just endlessly, hopelessly aware. "God." John inhales, shivering; and draws his knee up the sheets at Sherlock's side. "Are you going to—"
John's breath comes out on Sherlock's cheek wet-hot in a gush: his prickling hot mouth and eyes and face, helpless: a sob, can't, with Sherlock pressing quick puzzled-soft kisses so sweet whispering "John" but wet-hollow "John" pulled open and—and then
"Do you not want to come entirely?" Sherlock asks, and then, shifts, "I mean—do you want to come later, or not at all"; and something disquieting and unidentifiable rises momentarily in John's throat; and then is gone.
"Can we," he says, and then stops.
Sherlock's throat moves. He doesn't look up. After a moment he folds his paper up along its creases and drops it next to his plate. He meets John's eyes and says, "I don't."
"Simon says," John says: little starry lights. "Tell me what to do."
Swallowing. Loud, twice.
John, ravenous, eats his toast and eggs leaning back against the edge of the work surface, legs outstretched. By the time he's finished, pan soaking in the sink, it's past ten: full dark and an hour later in Amsterdam. He opens up his texts again, glancing down at the picture, his belated response:
"Aren't I clever?" John asks, and Sherlock laughs, but he lets go of John's hand.
do. A half-dozen possible futures are crashing into each other at the backs of his eyes: a low slow roiling clamor while his spine prickles icepicks, impossible to pull apart; heart loud in his chest
John swallows. "I said," he says, "just after ten," but it comes out unsteady, a little bit breathless at the end.
Sherlock stares down at him. Far up. Still red all over and bare and John wants—he swallows.
Sherlock. Knelt on the carpet, looking up at John, as John—John has stepped back from him. Just. Just a little bit. Back.
; and John goes dark. Lips prickling over his teeth. Sherlock sinking into him 'til his damp pubic hair scratches John's lips and Sherlock's arse flexing against his palms,
John stops.
. Ought to say,
"I'm being an arsehole on purpose," he says, "I'm sorry," and looks back up, blinking.
"Get up on my knees," Sherlock says, thick.
John swallows. Hands sliding, Sherlock's warm skin under them, until they meet at the hollow of Sherlock's long back: John's weight, rocking forward: carrying him up onto his toes. The just-barely scratchy corner of Sherlock's soft mouth: it sparks regret burning deep inside John's belly, that he'd not had time to shave. "Can't we." John sighs. "Just go—lie down, just."
John slides his knee up and his body: Sherlock's lap. Sherlock's pulling fingers looped behind two of John's brown shirt's buttons. Heart throbbing heavy-thick, heavy-thick, as Sherlock buries his face in John's throat, and John wraps his arms around him at last. At last holding tight, at last.
Sherlock slouches down. Into John's skin. "Yeah," he says, rough: sandpaper-scrape down John's spine.
"Yeah," John says. "I know."
"Did you like her?" Sherlock asks, quiet.
"No, not—. I mean, he left this morning," John explains. "I've not had time for it to be too anything." He waves it off, and she shifts in her seat.
, Sherlock'd said, in the middle on the phone, little heavy unhappy silences bracketing it either side. Silences all over. The last long silence had been followed by those three precious lustrous texts, two of which John hasn't positively sworn to disremember; but at the start it'd been a silence, too, that John'd thought triggered that first terrible frenzied sequence:
"Yeah," John agrees, and Sherlock tucks his face down to John's collarbone, breathing in. John pets at the back of his neck.
Petting down the front of Sherlock's shoulder, John says, "Sherlock." Gentle. He stills: palm on Sherlock's chest.
John switches the lamp on and goes over to the box. Even having looked inside it before, it's an impressive collection, which John hasn't forgotten. All the more so for someone who doesn't actually get off. Tucked into a corner Sherlock's even got one of those little palm-sized oral sex simulators that'd just made Rebecca laugh and laugh and laugh, only hers was purple, and Sherlock's is all pink. He's got four cock rings, that John can see. John takes the same one Sherlock'd used: the one he'd wrapped around himself cock and balls and buckled shut, with the little ring for a lead at the base. John hasn't forgotten that, either.
. Watching as Sherlock—as Holmes—pushes up to his feet and into John's space, standing too close and looking down at him through his smudged spectacles. He must notice John noticing, because he takes them off, says, "Get into position, please," and then steps back, polishing them, rather showily, with a serviette from the side table that John recognizes because they'd brought it back from a cake shop in Kensington, densely covered with Sherlock's loopy half-print handwriting and probably also a nonzero number of crumbs from John's cruller.
: "I need you to hold onto this for me," John says, unsteady, "I need you to—work it into you, just—just how you like while I—" drawing his fingers out of Sherlock's sodden body as Sherlock groans arching back to press half his own hand in and
Airless. Pressed all out: John forces his lungs open: breathe in.
"John," Sherlock says, voice sharp, and John pulls back. Twisting, twisted up—he scrubs his hands over his face.
Sherlock's left the pan from the fish soaking in the sink: a kindness, John thinks, and goes for that first. The smell of garlic lingers, still: Rouen. John wonders. He dated a pastry chef just long enough to be able to extrapolate from culinary sorts: a year and a half of working 'round the clock and sleeping badly and chopping things for an impossible bully somewhere in Rouen, never not tired, working even if he fell ill, almost certainly where he'd started smoking again; when John was just—when he could've—when he might've gone there for a minibreak, even, back then. He scrapes the pan, freeing blackened bits of fish skin and garlic—no wonder Sherlock'll still never cook just for the purpose of having something to eat.
Raw John laughs, "Not faked your death, or—"
—" in a heat-cracked voice that burrows into the heart of him, the volcano under John's tight tight tight hot ribs. Sherlock's cock is hot-hard and silky in his fist churning water while he whispers, "I'm going to touch you for hours," and Sherlock says, "John," and John says, "I'm going to touch every part of you," and Sherlock gasps, "John," and John licks at his cheek, the burning-hot shell of his ear, and whispers, "I'm going to touch you until you can't stand it anymore," and Sherlock groans "
"What's brought all this up again?" John asks, and Sherlock sighs.
Sherlock asks the Head of Opera a series of rather invasive questions about his students, his classes, five separate past graduates (two of his department, two from composition, and a cellist), then proceeds to interrogate his off hours, his hobbies, his personal life, and his sexual habits. After they've been tossed out of his office too, Sherlock is smirking, a very little: he sends a pair of texts before they've even left the building. "Sorted?" John confirms.
The kettle clicks off. Sherlock fills John's cup. His. Setting the kettle back with a steady decisive hand on the work surface he says, "I shouldn't do that again, that's all," very steadily.
"Yeah," he says.
"What do you think loving him correctly might entail?" George asks.
, John thinks.
Tucked underneath him. Held. It isn't strange, John finds: to lie like this, to be like this. Sherlock's fingerprints all over him. If he got up Sherlock would reach for him. John's hands would go out if Sherlock so much as rolled 'cross the bed.
"I don't know what I'm doing," he confesses, quiet.
Sherlock's shoulders flatten, lift.
, petting in and out of his arsehole while his cock bobs red and hard and ridiculous he knows should be but
"Still?" John asks, quiet.
"I want you to kiss me," Sherlock says, behind him, "I—I want to kiss you and I want to go to bed with you, I want to take you apart and I want you to do it to me, I want to spend time with you when I don't want to spend time with—with anyone, really, and I want you to belong to me, which you can't, and I know it, and I've spent rather a lot of time wanting to tear apart everyone who ever touched you when you were supposed to be mine, slowly, and with considerable violence, so I think you can understand why I—I can't trust it, John, because that—that's the moment I'm the closest to them, isn't it? so of course I don't trust it, what—what I want from you, what I, I've
"Send him on in."
him, that
Still red, Sherlock shakes his head. "I'm fine." His hands balling closed open and closed in the air. Knees twitching.
John stares up at him. Heart pounding. Sherlock scrapes the back of his hand over his mouth, shoulders hunched, turning—going for—for his
"I'm still thirsty," John admits, and Sherlock passes it over. Squeezing John's fingers.
John pulls his palm up to his own face. Scrubs off sleep. Squints open his eyes. A half-centimeter away, Sherlock is smudged and blurry, shades of blue and grey in the half-light.
Mycroft's lip curls. "My apologies," he drawls, with a complete absence of sincerity, "Sherlock's generally progressed to setting things on fire by noon on his tenth day after a case; I'd not expected—"
"Yes," she says, and then meets his eyes, and they both start to laugh.
John nods, even though Sherlock's turned away. Touches his shoulder.
"That's not the point," he says.
, Harry would scoff: well. Not for her, is it. John left his mobile downstairs: well. That can wait for tomorrow, too. He turns back the duvet.
"All right," Sherlock says, and makes great show of settling back on the sofa, and picking up his phone.
"—love that, wouldn't you?" Sherlock snaps, looming over him the window and the wall. "If I was programmed to do whatever you won't—"
"No," Sherlock says, "but—after I got tossed out of Eton, Mummy sent a telegram—less expensive than a telephone call from California
on his laptop so Sherlock'd have something to complain about.
"Fuck." John swallows.
"That's not sanitary," Sherlock sighs, but he comes over to help.
, just keeps moving slow and gentle and utterly relentless as he murmurs, "This?"
A passing shadow. Gone.
He stops, and reaches for his tea.
"Don't play games," Mycroft says, sharp; and John closes his eyes. "The last that I know about was in November"; and John scrubs a palm over his skull, leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees.
Air floods all over John's body, all the damp places where they were stuck together: echoes and reverberations. He rolls up onto his side, propping himself up on his elbow. Sherlock's nipples are very pink.
"Hm," George says, and then asks, "What was the last thing you asked him for?" and John stiffens. All the lines in his back tightening up.
, and plenty of them—"
Sherlock nods. His breath catches, stills: he nods. John pets at his back. It's all right. His breath, caught again: we're all right. His shoulders; kissing his throat and his breath:
It takes a minute, but Sherlock, slowly, nods.
Sherlock's head jerks up again.
John doesn't stop. He has to stretch to get the stocking up, bending over Sherlock's legs, their legs, sliding the stocking slowly up Sherlock's soft skin, trying not to rub the hairs on his leg up the wrong way as he goes. Failing, probably; but Sherlock doesn't say. Sherlock doesn't say anything. John half-wishes he weren't wearing the suspender belt: he can't reach Sherlock's thighs without shifting, and when he clambers up onto his knees to reach, the suspenders pinch, dig in. But—but then: he is watching Sherlock suspended stretched out on the duvet looking up at him, his still silent dear face, John kneeling across-beside Sherlock's long right leg, and settling the band 'round his taut thigh. Flattening his hands. That small sweet soft swell of flesh, curved, only just; and his femoral triangle, which helpless John touches:
John texts, on his way to the surgery; and at just past four, Sherlock replies,
. John swallows. Slides his hand from beneath Sherlock's hand to switch and puts his first two fingers in his mouth. Drooling: Sherlock on his fingerprints, that taste. John wants it all over in his mouth again so he leans forward his mouth again, angling him in: Sherlock grunts. Welling up salt-wet all over the roof of John's mouth, the back of his throat, while John reaches down and pets him under his balls. Sherlock sighs, knees slackening, and hot-dark blood rush wanting
"Hey," John says, shifting; Sherlock pulls back, a long shining strand of saliva gleaming between them, and then snapped. John tucks Sherlock's hair back, murmurs, "Come up here, yeah?"
Sherlock says, "You'd let me fuck you like this, wouldn't you," low and ferocious, as he grinds his leg up against John's erection. "Let me just—just pull it out through my flies and cram it into you?"
, and
John closes his eyes.
"John," George repeats, very gently, "Do you need him to kiss you?"; and, hunched forward, all his strings drawn tight, knotted up, John whispers, "Yes."
"I'd reckon you
"All right," he says. "Come on, then."
"Not me," John says, then laughs.
"Close quarters, is it?" Sherlock asks, more steadily.
"You think it was cleared out," John says, under his breath.
me?" He laughs: ridiculous. "Because I didn't realize—"
"So," John says, instead; and after a moment, Sherlock lets out a long, slow sigh, mouth slackening.
Sherlock swallows, twice, noisy in the silence. "Will you do it with me anyway?" Sherlock asks, unsteady; and John takes a slow, deep breath.
Heavy. "That isn't new," John says, "is it."
He mops up the floor. He hangs both the towels to dry, crammed together on the rail. He pads naked across the landing with the damp still steaming off his skin and puts on boxers, vest, jeans, and a brown checked shirt because he doesn't know if it's cruel of him to put on something that's blue. He thinks about putting on shoes but can't bear it, so instead he sits in the chair where he puts on his shoes with his mobile in his trembling clenching hand, and he texts Harry back. He checks his email. The news. He hears the front door when it opens, two flights down. He hears it when it shuts again. He hears footsteps moving up and about while the screen blurs in front of him: cupboards opening and closing, the fridge; putting groceries away, probably; getting out pots and pans. John sits on his chair seeing nothing thinking—nothing,
John needs to—rubbing his free hand over the base of his belly, "Figured, if you came back," thick, "you wouldn't much mind," while he lets go licks the meat of his palm his fingers, wrapped back—
. Gets his hand down his boxers. Hot and already hard: his hips jerk up. Six minutes, swallowing. Six and a half fucking minutes, and he's already—
, and then asked her if she'd eaten anything new lately, if she'd changed her shampoo or her soap, if she'd done anything unusual at the weekend; and then Daisy had burst into huge, hiccuping sobs, startling, all at once; and then, crumpling forward, she'd shoved her hand tight over her mouth to hold everything back but for a high, panicky whine. Then, John still frozen with his mouth open, the oldest of the children—a girl, John thinks, most likely not quite five—had come over to tug on the hem of Daisy's blue cardigan, and said,
All along the backs of John's shoulders, his skin slowly and relentlessly begins to prickle up.
"I want you," Sherlock groans: "make me wetter"; and John swallows—swallows—and then unsteady manages, "Would you—your mouth": and Sherlock gasps, hot straight into his mouth twisting against him pushing them—
John stiffens, but Mycroft sighs and waves him off.
"It sounds like there's something specific that he won't do," George says, "but you'd like him to."
He kisses the nape of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock folds his arm over John's at his belly. John squeezes Sherlock's body to his body in their kitchen, until Sherlock murmurs, "The onions," and, just before pulling away, squeezes gently at the back of John's wrist.
Sherlock doesn't answer. Watching, eyes glittering, John's face.
while he'd listened to the wet-slick sounds of Sherlock's hand on his prick while hundreds of kilometers away Sherlock had moaned
"; to which, in response, Sherlock starts giggling again. Vengefully, John pulls him back close and drags him back about the room: out-in-out-turn, in-out-in—out? in?—turn?—and John's never had better than a mediocre sense of rhythm and barely knows how to dance when it's just a prelude to fucking standing up and Sherlock's—out-in—in—too bloody
"I had an idea," he explains.
John nods and pulls his vest back on. "Be right down," he says.
Hours. It feels like—hours, probably. Days. Sherlock sobs over and over, shaking with it, until his breath runs out; and then he weeps in awful, ragged half-silence until John can't stand it and then he keeps going for twice as long again. More. If John'd been—but he isn't, so he just lies there and holds him and tries not to think: rubbing, entirely uselessly, at Sherlock's sweat-clammy back. John keeps coming up with tasks, and then discarding them: he could get Sherlock a handkerchief, a warm wet cloth, a cup of milky sweet tea, if he had been he could have but every time he so much as shifts on the mattress Sherlock starts gasping again. So John—waits. He thinks he just has to—to wait and then. And then. He is acutely aware of the threads of his thoughts, unwinding spun out and apart. A half-dozen spools skittering away down the stairs and John jerks awake: against his throat Sherlock huffs, and huffs, and huffs. His body lax and heavy as his body sticks sweatily to John's as Sherlock drifts in an exhausted, red-faced half-doze. Even so, nearly sleeping, he whines when John shifts himself up for the water, blinking blankly before resettling: John puts a hand on Sherlock's shoulder and drinks half of what's left and then dampens the least filthy corner of his boxers, and then uses it to wipe, very gently, at the streaks of salt and eyeliner crusted across Sherlock's hot face.
"Oh, so you are," John says. "You're also—"
John inhales, slow.
"You can ask whatever you want to ask," Sherlock says, very quietly. His voice not steady but warm. Heavy; his light eyes.
"Sergeant Donovan's been herding cats for me all morning, I've not slept since Friday afternoon," Greg says. He sounds uncommonly cheerful about it. "I spent an hour and a half with Donnell trying to get permission to bring you on after the third one, but—"
"So," Sherlock murmurs. "What do you think I should do?"
he thinks. A riddle wrapped in a mystery trapped inside feeling like an absolute wanker: John keeps catching himself half-recoiling, uncomfortable and bemused, from the idea that he is, at this moment, dressing himself up in stockings and a suspender belt, a thing he'd never thought of before this week and finds perhaps twenty percent appealing and eighty percent absurd; while trying both to make it seem like the easiest thing in the world and to not hide a bit of how awkward he finds it; that it can be, quite frankly, silly, but that he'd do it anyway; that it could be—uncomfortable, and—and fiddly, and still for either of them
John brushes his thumb over Sherlock's mouth.
God. John touches Sherlock's shoulder. Smooths across the planes of his back: up, down. Sherlock's eyes slipping half-shut. John stills his hand: resting, only just, at the top of Sherlock's round arse.
John swallows.
"Prove it," Sherlock says; and John laughs.
"But he won't let you do it," George says; and John gasps, "Christ—"; and George continues, relentless, "You said that since Saturday, he—"
: and this, right now, is not useful. He feels steadier, clearer, for that; he turns the page.
"You'll come," Sherlock says, petting—
John looks at their takeaway containers scattered across the table. He gathers them up, bins them in the kitchen. Washes, carefully, first one fork, then the other, with Sherlock's bedroom door standing open behind him.
"Um—" Sherlock bends down, gives John's temple a quick, hard kiss, and then pulls away, his erection tenting out his bottoms, riding low on his hips. Gracelessly, Sherlock pulls at the waistband, trying to hitch them back up as he waves his left hand: bed, John, bed, John. "You should sit down," Sherlock says. His voice is rough, which is gratifying, probably. "I mean," he adds, "er—please," in the ever-so-slightly uncertain way he has when he is being self-consciously kind, but only to John; and so John rubs at his tight throat and his tight face with his hands smelling like Sherlock's soap and Sherlock's body and then sits on the edge of Sherlock's big white bed.
Lightly, he says, "Am I being evicted, then?"
"Oh, just." He stops, swallows, loud. "'Come over, get pissed on cheap wine and watch telly,' probably." Inhaling: his voice drops half an octave as he asks, "D'we really need an excuse?"
"Yes," Sherlock says, quiet. Hot. He pulls their hands to his penis, still half-hard, hardening as John touches him; and John turns his hand, rubs the backs of his knuckles against it. Unwinding: his fingertips. Soft. Sherlock wraps his hand around John's hand around him. Damp and velvety and tender. Held still.
. That I don't understand. And that—"
Caving in, John thinks. Still pressed all the way into him: an edifice mid-collapse. John pets the back of Sherlock's bowed neck, the muscles uncomfortably taut: violin strings, John is thinking. John is thinking, as philosophically as he can, that he's still been in more uncomfortable positions, in the end.
Sherlock to panting nuzzle the back of his neck and shove down his trousers and then brace him against the edge of the work top and then drop to his knees, to pull John's buttocks apart and give him long, panting kiss after kiss; he
want, then?" John asks, thick; and Sherlock makes a soft, caught sound. Volcano-hot John breathes out, his mouth on Sherlock's mouth on his mouth and God. Christ. Slack John rubs his mouth on Sherlock's mouth, rough sticky-soft drag Sherlock's lips on his lips. Alight. John wants—John wants to shove him up against the refrigerator. John wants to kiss him until it is dark then light then dark then light. Sherlock whines:
He folds his long fingers over his mouth.
And kiss.
hardinto aching while John gasping presses—back, but—
, John is thinking. Not Sherlock. Eyes hot.
Sherlock clears his throat. Turning away.
"How many times will you let me?" Sherlock asks, very quietly; and John exhales.
John nods. "He acted like it's." Swallowing. "
, somehow. Surprised. Caught hot-hard just up against—but swallowing. "God," breathed out. Steadier. Clearer. Staring down at Sherlock's lovely-close warm face.
"Seven," John bites out, "sir."
John shuts that line of thinking down right off. Laughs at himself. He's got forty-nine minutes until his next patient—a particularly curmudgeonly old bastard who always takes time out of his day to glare at Rhoda and will inevitably, at some point in his appointment with John, use the phrase "real men"—and John'll need well over half of his break for his charting, and probably the rest to will himself to eat his dreadful sandwich. The last thing he needs is to be thinking about Sherlock stretching out, slow and sleepy, and—John grinds his teeth. Yanks the cap off a biro, and reaches for Julian's chart. There.
, shivering all over, hummingbird pulse throbbing hot: and then makes a cracked-open noise of desperation and misery, even as John is feeling him, can feel him already: still pressed halfway into him, going soft.
John nods. Sips his wine.
, his body curved like a bow behind-around him while he holds him hard-still to fuck him clumsy-hard and relentless panting wet irregular hot breaths on his skin as "John," he gasps, "John,
didn't think I ought to," he says. "Did I."
John nods. "You do like a good experiment, I know." He pets over Sherlock's right eyebrow. Wriggling his body close.
"She can do that?" A dark crescent of eyelash caught on Sherlock's cheek: not Sherlock's. Gentle John brushes it off.
: John's hands are making fists at his sides. He opens them, a finger at a time.
"Give me your hand," Sherlock says, very low, and lips pulled back heart squelching John reaches back to touch— "Think you can get your fingers in with mine?" Sherlock asks.
Sherlock is hesitating in the doorway, which he never does.
"I bet that you—you've never done this before, have you," John says, "I'd reckon that when you were a, a prefect—" because of course Holmes would've been a prefect; Holmes would've—been Head Boy, probably, that sort; "probably you just made the younger lads fetch and carry, didn't you?" John's palms are sweating. "Probably wouldn't've—" and Holmes snaps the cane down, hard. John swallows a groan.
Sherlock makes a noncommittal noise. "Not yet," he says. "But I dropped a word in a few ears—the assistant director is lending a hand, they're gathering up anything that's not already been binned. Paige said she'd come 'round after the performance tonight, drop it all off."
Sherlock has ducked back in to fuss and clatter with something in the kitchen, but he comes back just when John is tucking his shut-up laptop under his arm, and shoots John an unreadable look.
"You take care of me," John says, because he has to. Because he can't bear— "You—and I want you to, I want—I like it when you take care of me," an iceberg of a confession, lodging in his throat. "I mean—you were going to—to push me around, to hit me, or—or fuck me in front of—everyone, and—and h-hold on, keep me, you know, on your lap, or—or call—call me names, and," hollow. inadequate. John takes a breath to start over. Beneath him, Sherlock is holding very, very still.
Against the skin under John's left ear Sherlock makes a small, inquisitive noise.
Sherlock examines it, then perches on the edge of the coffee table and takes it with his teeth. John's face floods hot, all at once, for no reason.
and I feel tremendously clever when he comes home soaking wet and shivering and I brilliantly deduce that he might like a cup of tea and a hot shower."
"After fifteen percent of Shoreditch," Sherlock says, quiet; and mute with shame, John manages, just, to nod.
, with the strange prickling stretch of fabric on his skin not entirely unlike arousal existing just alongside the ridiculous sticking-through ends of the hair on his legs; this peculiar task that he has given his body: trying to suggest, blindfolded and gagged, through—through fucking interpretive dance, the map of a path he can barely perceive for a man he is coming to realize he only half understands.
"Yeah?" he asks, careful. He is—opening up for it, he thinks. He would—
After a moment, Sherlock nods. "There's a forger, in Amsterdam," he explains. "One of the best." He shifts, a little, then adds, "Friend of mine."
, and all of that was
, "a bit late." John nods, takes his, and calls, "Mr. Hussain?"
"That seems reasonable," George says, and then asks, "What about the relationship you have now?"
Sherlock's eyes are nearly level with John's eyes. Sherlock's gaze dropping, just for a moment, to John's mouth, before he takes a half step back.
Mobile, John thinks. Floor. He touches Sherlock's side: sweet. "Shh." Mumbling, lips thick. "Mrs. Hudson."
"All right?" Sherlock's lips. John's jaw. Prickling up all over and inside him: the precise scratching-soft brush of Sherlock's just-stubbling hot mouth.
"All right?" John asks.
Rhoda, and she hardly ever asks for a favor, and he's met three of her sisters, besides: enough to be pretty well convinced that they're
"Fuck—" Sherlock gasps, while John is shuddering all over holding, holding his teeth—open,
Sherlock doesn't answer. He is tucked close clinging against him, knotted and unreadable, and it makes John feel helpless, and tired, and lost. John presses his mouth to Sherlock's damp hair. Thinking
"Please," he says. "Who's first?"
Just in case.
"We ought," John observes, between kisses, "to start keeping it in here."
"Yeah." Two and a half weeks. Three. John keeps glancing at Sherlock's face then away. His eyes: there is a tremor under John's skin out of all proportion to a Tuesday. He wants him inside every part of him, and around. He wants—he wants—a thousand frames per second he wants to—to kiss him awake, to braid his hair, to push him back onto the wide solitary continent of that bed and lay atop him spread out like an enormous starfish sprawled from shore to shore: fingertip pressed to outstretched fingertip, toe tucked against toe.
him, didn't I, I can tell myself all day I didn't but that's what I did, really, because I wanted—I wanted him to—to just—just be half as—as desperate about what we do as I am, to want—to want me half as much as I want him, and I—I could've—I can lie and lie and lie and lie to myself about wanting—wanting nice things for him but that's it, isn't it? I just want to—to nail him to me, because I—because I'm every kind of disaster in the world over him, I thought I was already but I wasn't, I wasn't this, not this, not this one last—and since then he's just been pulling further and further and further away but he still wants to fuck me, doesn't he, he just doesn't want me to—or, or to touch him and I—I can't—I can't live with that, how am I supposed to
," and John does laugh, then. "You told Harry that you couldn't take another jumper because her needles were metal and you're allergic to aluminium."
"Yes," Sherlock says, and straightens. "Especially if you just yank them on like—"
Tugs. Not hard. Sherlock comes up. Bows in.
: as Sherlock is wrapping his fingers around the back of John's knee. "I just don't want that to be the line between us, Sherlock," John says. It makes his chest tighten, helplessly. "I don't want to feel like—like you can do this or that with absolute impunity because they only make me—sad, or hurt, or furious, but this other thing is enough to send me into some kind of—brain-consuming drain spiral, so that's off-limits, I don't want—"
"I'd take everything off," he says. Throbbing. "For you."
"I'll keep myself inside you all night." Sherlock's lips brand-hot on John's skin as he fits— "Until I can't stand it, either." —sighing, so tight— "Come buried inside you."
holding him, slipping out of him         and                   holdinghim but
." Rubbing at his forehead: that plosive click, at the back of his throat. His face is very, very red. Shifting against him John touches his collarbone; Sherlock whines. Low. Caught.
"No, shh," John whispers, weirdly desperate. "Not now, please. Please?"
"I want—I want to give you what you want," John says. Thick. "But I can't—
He stops, swallows, and then touches John's mouth; and with a salt-ocean throb of the vise of his ribs, John twists to kiss the inside of Sherlock's white wrist.
"You being childish about Mycroft's not got rid of me yet, you know," John says, under his breath.
"He came back," George says.
," John gasps, leaning forward: rushing-rushing-ru s h in ghis hearta nd sweat, he is—swea ting under his clammy jacket in the back of Mycroft's car while tethered to him Mycroft pausing breathe s, and then, after a moment, says, "That was extremely thoughtless of me," very quietly; and then, "my apologies"; as John is taking a breath, counting one-two-three, out-two-three-fo—
"What?"
"To be entirely truthful," Sherlock says—voice all of a sudden careless, as he scrubs a hand through his hair— "I'd rather you lent me a bit more than six and a half minutes," and then angles his body back to face him, backlit blue and white.
"Hi," he says, quiet; and Sherlock swallows—up-down, up-down—his mouth twisting and white.
"I'm not in a hurry," Sherlock murmurs.
Sherlock is looking at John's chest. Watching their hands knotting together. Unknotting. Wind up, unwind.
Sherlock bends: chin up John's mouth finds his. Out of the corner of his half-closed eyes John can half-see the smear of their bared bodies in the dulled mirror. Their skin pressing together to glow, nearly; already sticking with sweat.
"I—yeah." Sherlock sighs. "I am—damn it."
"Oh—that's no mystery. Calais, Le Havre, Dieppe." One shoulder, then the other, Sherlock shrugs. "That's not where it starts, though, is it." He takes another bite of fish, meeting John's eyes while he chews. Swallows. "Eight of the lads they've caught've insisted they only spoke French," he says. His eyes glass-clear pools. "With Flemish accents."
"It's Nat who'd've killed me," he says. His skin is still prickling, painful, all over. "Rhoda'd just've been
Thursday dawns hot and muggy, so John skips his run in the morning and then regrets it when he can't shake off the fog of the late night for the whole of his workday. At least Marcus is solicitous, today, in his usual nervous and wide-eyed way: John gets three cups of tea out of him, which is three cups more than he gets out of Natalie on the average workday, albeit because Natalie is usually engaged with doing her job. When he manages to get away at last he's surprised to find Sherlock lurking out front, texting: the blow from last night has developed some really spectacular purplish bruising that spreads all over the right half of his forehead, which, combined with the black line of stitches vanishing into his hair, really ought to make him look even more deranged than usual. It doesn't. He's left his coat, got his shirtsleeves rolled up; John clears his throat.
"They generally assume it's some kind of trauma and it'd be insensitive to ask me," he says, after a moment. "And. I'm obviously not—so." He clears his throat. "No one gets all that invested, I mean."
"I." Sherlock swallows noisily. "Can you just, I want—"
—rubs at him. Rubbing.
Breathes.
John tilts his face up, and for a fraction of an instant, presses his mouth to Sherlock's rough-edged mouth.
the nice one," Sherlock says, but since he's wiping John's come off his thighs while he says it, it hasn't got much sting.
"At all," John echoes.
and John moans outright skin prickling up all over hunching—hunching into him towards him wanting him wanting him
—nods.
"Going to be ready for me to just come up behind you?" Sherlock asks, and John nods.  Sherlock slides his fingers down behind John's balls, pressing—John groans, rocking back. "Going to let me bend you over the table?" Sherlock asks, petting at the aching-raw edge of John's body, stretched out around his hot cock while John squirms back against him, nodding, feeling—full, sloshing over with wanting— "Get you down on your elbows," Sherlock sighs, "on the ottoman, just push my way in?"
, he'd come back sodding
"No, no," John says. "It's just, I've got a bit behind on paperwork. Do you think you could fend him off for a few minutes? Give me a bit of a chance to catch up?"
He scratches his fingers up. Through the back of Sherlock's hair. Rough-under-slick against his fingers, thick: needs a wash, really: regret. John rubs the flat of his hand over Sherlock's long sweaty back, all the way down to the curve of his arse before he is awake enough to think to ask: "Wait." Pulling his chin down, face back, to look at Sherlock, face down against his collarbone, back arching under his hand: "You don't turn your ringer off?"
," Sherlock says. His voice is rising: sudden, fierce. "You can't ever just have been brought up by the person you were brought up by, who happened to be a—a marvelous woman who was every inch the academic and who routinely forgot her spectacles and her jumpers and her sheet music all over the place and who—you didn't really mind, if she forgot about the shopping or school prizes, or that you'd be in on the eight o'clock train, because she—did things that
"Think I could make a practice out of it?"
Tugging. Low down. His stomach pulling at him already, when unsteady John admits, "Because I didn't."
When Sherlock comes back at last he curls up facing John's front: sliding his palm over John's hip and then his leg between John's legs and nuzzling his face down into John's neck, inhaling, while John, still blurred at his edges, shifts down until the covers come up to their ears, petting at the soft, soft hair at Sherlock's nape.
, he might've said, at some point;
, Sherlock had asked, on the phone, last night. Voice thick with something mingled of longing and fear.
Between kisses with his face toocloseblurred— "For a long time."
The bloke on his elbows and knees is better looking, mouth half-open, plush bottom lip wet and shiny; John takes a deep breath, stroking himself dry, and wonders if this is the sort of stuff Sherlock always goes for. Wonders if Sherlock spends all that time on his laptop in his chair with the screen facing so John can't see watching lean rough-looking blonds pressing round firm arsecheeks together so they've got a nice hot slick space to fuck into. John swallows, lifts his hips, gets his jeans down a bit. Sherlock
"I want you to kiss me," Sherlock whispers; and John is kissing him and so John kisses him, and kisses him and kisses him until "No," Sherlock whispers, face bright with heat, "I meant": hand in John's hair, pushing him. Down.
Across the table, Sherlock's eyes are narrowing.
"Yes, well," Sherlock says; and then, too fast, "you're more or less the polar opposite of convincing me to skip my A-levels and run away from school." He swallows, noisily, twice. "So."
"I was..." He waves a hand, then realizes that not even he's sure what it means. "Not paying attention. Haven't seen you around for a bit, are you... well?"
"But I can't treat him through you," George says; and John nods.
"Careful with that one," he says.
"No, just." John sighs, works himself up to sitting. "Long day. Too many patients, too many charts, too much Natalie trying to set me up with some actress friend of hers—why are you standing there? Since when do you not just barge on in?"
"Yeah, I can tell," John replies. Muffled, a bit, by Sherlock's half-open mouth.
"Um—about—a little over a month, I think?" John finally gets the seal open. "Five weeks Sunday," he says, then; feeling hot, crinkling blood flooding up through his cheeks. He looks up, and George smiles at him.
"Yeah, well, whether or not you're a child, which, just at the moment: jury's out," John says, and Sherlock snorts; "it's still overwhelming. To be—"
He stops, helpless. Gestures: meaningless. He can't explain. He hadn't thought about it. He'd looked her over and thought
, good, but I—if I ask you to—to—"
"What can I do?" John asks, quiet; "Kiss me," Sherlock whispers; and John brushes his mouth to his mouth.
, you're so—
John breathes.
"God." John laughs. Rubs his face on the sheets. He gets himself—up, knees under—propped up on his elbow and— "I—Christ." Forehead slipping on the back of his hand pressing taut prints into the pillow. "I, I need—"
"These, I believe," John says—light, careful, light—as he fumbles the hooks together, hands held just above his groin and clumsy anyway, "are a special kind of intelligence test, even
." He swallows, hard; Sherlock kisses him, again and again, slipping wet against the waking-up skin inside John's body: John wants his cock his toys his fist, anything Sherlock can give. John presses his mouth to Sherlock's jaw, throat, collarbone, presses his forehead to his neck and looks down: Sherlock is hard as a rock, lying still on his back with his red prick jutting up towards John while invisible his thumb pets the skin behind John's balls and John's erection hangs absurdly between them: John doesn't dare let his weight sink down. He shifts a little though, helpless, just so he brushes the edge of Sherlock's belly: he shudders, all over, and his cock drips onto Sherlock's skin.
"Oh, just a bit?" John asks, and Sherlock snorts, laughs; and John kisses him again. Petting at the small of his back.
Sherlock is still looking at John,
, Sherlock adds.
"Yeah?" John rinses the pan, then frowns at a bit of stuck-on egg, and soaps up the brush again.
"A peer," George suggests; and John nods; and then forces himself to straighten, and fumbles with his sandwich again.
"We were," Sherlock says, "just going to—"
"John," Greg says, after a moment. He sounds—worried. He sounds worried. "What's going on," Greg asks, voice pitched lower, closer to the phone; and John's throat spasms, painfully sharp, his fingers clenching towards useless, twinned fists.
Silence. John can still feel all the places where Sherlock was lying on top of him. The memory of the heat of his body. The familiar-unfamiliar salt-stick of his skin oils and sweat. In John's hand Sherlock's knobby knuckles. Warm hand.
"Well, that's a relief." John leans back against him. He can't think of any reason not to nuzzle up under Sherlock's jaw while Sherlock nudges him along, but he also can't be bothered to try particularly hard. "I think we do, unless you used it up yesterday, and I don't—" John trips on a join in the floor, nearly— "surely we didn't drink that much tea," he says, a little breathless, bracing his palm against the jamb.
, sparking-airless—out—and
He is.
—" and so John rubs-rubs-rubs, careful slow hard but as carefully as he can while still pushing enough at the edges of him to make Sherlock's breath come faster and faster until Sherlock—arches—then shoves
"You're thinking about—," Sherlock says, and then stops. Finally, he says, "Seven."
"Yeah," John manages. "Yes."
"I think he saved your life," John says, finally. "Because—because that's what you've just told me." A breath; another. "And I think—" Stopping. Stopped, stopped up: grief clawing at the insides of his throat. "I think you have, since then, made choices," John says, unsteady, "that I can't—no, that I
—" and then presses in tight and then stills. Shoved in right to the kneaded-unopen golden ache dripping down from John's navel to his spine and John pulls Sherlock's head down, barely—barely can touch his—
Christ, he's warm.
It all happens extremely fast. John barely has time to get his legs up before Sherlock has slicked up his prick and is nudging against him with a hard hot breath: shoving the wet thick head of him into John's still-tender arsehole, panting, his eyes squeezed tight shut. John doesn't—aching he inhales, trying to relax into it, make room: he doesn't—he can barely keep up, Sherlock wanting—Sherlock folding John's knees up and sliding—shoulders under his knees grabbing at the suspenders to—to drag his arse off the duvet to fuck into him with hard short gasping thrusts with his eyes closed face red wet mouthed while John tries—swallowing-tries to—to relax, should he—Sherlock shoving-scraping into him, grunting, "Unh—
"Did you like putting it on me?" John asks; and Sherlock says, "
"I'm not going to let you suck me off as an apology." John swallows. "I'm not—I can't do that, Sherlock, that's—red. Red and red and
"Why—he always thinks he can just do as he likes," Sherlock is saying, low and furious, "without any regard for—"
— "I know," Sherlock is murmuring, hot and close, "I won't stop," while thick-full-up and starving John moans 'round his hand. "Shh," Sherlock breathes, "I know."
"If anything it's more—distraction, I think." He takes a breath. "He's in his head so much—distraction, definitely," he says, "for him, anyway"; and rubs at his jaw.
"And I
"Tell me, then." John manages something of a smile, cracking and lopsided. "If you want me to help."
He can feel Sherlock's spine stiffening: John rubs at his belly, gentle, apologetic.
"Yes," John says, "sir." Sherlock's mouth quirks.
hardinto the softness of John's abdomen prickling—but his
The linens are a wreck, after.
"But it's—that's not—." John stops, and sets his tea down, and takes a breath. "He hated school," he says. Steady. "He was—bullied, I think, by the other boys and—and I'm certain he was misunderstood by his teachers, and his parents weren't in the picture, and his older brother's a cock, and his gran was—a bit flighty. Unreliable." He swallows. "And I, I think this arsehole was just about the only adult in his life who gave him any kind of sustained, positive attention, but that's the playbook, isn't it?" He takes a breath.
," he says, voice rough, "I'd've done my level best to break her heart."
It's getting late. With the sun behind the buildings the leaves in the park are darkening, turning bluer. The breeze is cooling off. Prickling at John's bare forearms, the back of his neck.
Sherlock says, "What
Sherlock has left off his inventory of John's furnishings and is watching him with his eyebrows smushed together, pulled down at their middles into anxious, graceless angles. John touches his arm. Leans up—careful—slow—
John follows.
John exhales. "Yeah." With his arms hooked heavily around Sherlock's shoulders and his heels up and all his weight come off, Christ: unmoored by anything but Sherlock's arms 'round his waist: his heart is pounding. "Do you—should I, or," inhaling: at last John manages, "d'you like this," unsteadily, "or"; and Sherlock noses up against the edge of his ear.
"Not yours, bought them," Sherlock says, just behind him, and John jumps, turning. "It wasn't an emergency," Sherlock explains. "And blood never properly comes out."
"I want to—," John says, and then inhales—sharp—and then stumbles back, fast.
"What, ring me annoyingly?" Sherlock pulls back enough to look down at him: his mad hair, lips rubbed pink.
"Of course," John says, quiet. Kisses his temple. "It's not much of a hardship to touch you," he observes; and Sherlock's mouth curls slow at the corner, but he doesn't open his eyes. John rubs at Sherlock's arm. Clavicle. Sternum.
"Yeah," Sherlock says. "Seven."
Sherlock gets pinker, but he doesn't say anything, just slides his glass across the table, and so John laughs, but he empties it into his own. Eating some sort of made-up citrus-herb pasta. In his pajamas. At their kitchen table. Drinking wine, with Sherlock, who is tipsy on less than a glass, while John is finishing the bottle.
"You like it?" Sherlock asks.
John scrubs at his forehead. "No," he says, finally. He'll ask Sherlock. Has to. Can't not. He says, "No, that's all right. Er—sending a car for them, is he?"
"Yeah?" John presses his mouth to Sherlock's shining shoulder, breathes in. "I want—your favorite, which is your favorite?"
Tempera-bright still tacky everywhere inside him John is kneeling in the shower with Sherlock's left hand in his hand and his mouth—on the back of—his hand and the water warm rain on his hair. Crouched bent forward head bowed, kissing the back of Sherlock's hand. The thought feels contorted, misshapen: but where else would he be? who else could he be? with his throat tight and his shoulders prickling up with sweat in the still-warm stuffy air of the flat, all the windows shut; thinking of Sherlock lean tall always-disguised ever-shifting with John's blunt workaday hands on his ribs, his pale belly pink mouth huge chameleon eyes and John—
Without the wires it looks different. Clings tighter. Curves closer 'round his skin: he touches his breast through the fabric and, back prickling, shivers. There is a curved seam rounding the small cup down its middle: on Rebecca, those sorts of seams had always hit just at her nipples, only half-hiding their peaks. It'd driven him crazy: every time he'd seen it he'd had to get her in his mouth. On him, that seam rounds over the middle of his pectoral, his nipples demurely hiding under the denser lace underneath. He spreads his hands wide. Covers his ribs. On the loosest set of hooks and eyes the band is still tight 'round his chest: he can feel it when he breathes.
, while Sherlock fucks his long fingers in deep as John gasps "Oh, oh f—
Up this close the strangeness of Sherlock's face is transformed. Everyone looks a bit odd from a breath and a half away; and the peculiar architecture of Sherlock's features feels different, when you can't look at all of them at once. An eyebrow, the side of his nose, a cut-glass cheekbone, his long fair lashes and a single chameleon eye: all the things that just meld and merge into being Sherlock at some distance from here are disjoint, impossible to ignore. John touches the fringe of his eyelashes.
"No," chest to chest, hip to hip: "but I did wear skinny jeans."
"No, not really," John agrees, quiet. "But I like—
John swallows. He strokes Sherlock's hair up into alarmed hedgehog spikes, and then pets it flat again, more or less. "Yeah?" He touches the wings of Sherlock's shoulderblades, folded up, then pulls on his hair a bit, until Sherlock clambers back up, the bed dipping and rolling under his weight, to crouch over John with his erection jutting down into the air, ducking his head down so that they can kiss.
—and Sherlock jerks back, clambering off the mattress as John wakes up, blinking: pushing up on an elbow confused in the grey, watery light of Sherlock's shadowed bedroom.
"—and by suspect I mean a boy that Marianne'd thought was coming 'round and tagging the back wall," Sherlock admits, "it
seem to mind: jealousy, yes; possessiveness, in spades; but then—then all that and
Point, in his ear, and.
"Right, yeah," John says. "Do I just—um—"
": dragging his knuckles against him through the membrane of John's pocket. "Christ," John gasps, thunking his head back:
"Yeah," Sherlock says. "Listening to you upstairs. Padding about."
I started thinking about what you'd do to me in them," John admits. "They're not exactly high capacity."
"I don't know how I can be clearer," Sherlock says. John sets his scrubbed dish clattering on the draining board and picks up the pan. "I—I don't mind looking after you, I—"
"Dark," he observes.
have two sets of sheets."
Eventually, Mycroft says, "Bianca's just alerted me to an unusual degree of activity amongst Sherlock's... associates, down in Clapham."
John licks at his bottom lip. "Are you breaking up with me?" he asks.
want to, yeah?" John asks; and Sherlock takes John's hand up to his belly again, enfolding. Their fingers slotting together. Tumblers in a lock to the key. Funny, almost, John thinks. Holding his cock, and then holding his hand.
George pauses. "If you feel that way about your job," he says. Voice neutral. He could sound—uncertain, couldn't he. Almost. A bit.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
Instead John says, "We'd need cards, for Snap," sliding in closer; then, "Wait, I thought you'd deleted Snap."
"Trapped in the most uncomfortable car in England," he adds.
"You need him to let himself be intimate with you," George says; and John laughs. "That's not unreasonable, John," George says; and John nods, mute and aching. He—he does know that, he just can't—and then George says, "And so you need him to kiss you"; and John gasps: a sharp-edged, painful breath. His stomach hurts. He can't answer. His spine—
"I had a bit of time," Sherlock says, "for thinking."
"It's part of the point," George counters. "How old is Sherlock?"
to me."
Suspended. A half an instant drawn between them near-together: Sherlock's soft mouth, long lashes, green-slivered eyes; with John filling up with the ballooning-bubble of their bodies together and. And Sherlock's downturned mouth. And Sherlock's dark solemn eyes. He is close enough to kiss, burnt into John breath and body in a single Polaroid snap, and then all-at-once closer Sherlock is kissing him like a girl in a film: drawn up, bent back; Sherlock's arm 'round his middle and his arm 'round Sherlock's shoulders and Sherlock's mouth on his hungry wide-open insistent with John's fingers clawed up between them dragging Sherlock—
—to the Diogenes club, where Mycroft is conspicuously absent; to the Holborn office Mycroft was regularly using four months ago, which is now conspicuously abandoned; to the house in St. John's Wood where Mycroft does not appear to actually reside; to standing on a streetcorner outside a Tesco Express at nearly eleven and calling up at a CCTV camera, "Yes, I
He can't—look, he can't—he bends back down for his stained shirt. Bundles it to his chest and says, "I have to," as he stumbles for the door, weaving through the tilted too-real blur of kitchen—living room—stairwell until he can drag his clumsy feet over his landing and lock his door behind him and curl up on his side in the dark with his skin still prickling and sparking all over and the crack of his arse still sore, soaking wet.
John can't answer. Sherlock's neck at the unbuttoned space between his collarbones is flushing. Red hot blood, creeping up.
"So I chose it," Sherlock says. His voice is strange to John: laced through with a queer, helpless kind of certainty, "I chose to live like this."
They stay.
The girl rounds the far corner. Marianne is frowning, brow furrowed. "Thinking of changing careers?" she asks.
"I get hard when you touch me," John says, finally; and against him Sherlock tenses. John can't stop. He says, "You're incredibly hot and it still seems a little unreal that you're willing to go to bed with me."
"Was that the last, John?" Mycroft asks, "Before this?"; and John rubs at his chin and says, "Not that it's any of your business," and then takes a breath: "but yes."
"Well, since it's surely too hot for your dressing gown," Sherlock says; and John starts laughing, helpless: "Oh, Christ, you'd have me do it too, wouldn't you."
incredible sex, affection, adventure, and so on, or."
The problem is, really, that John's not ever had much luck with thinking. Not, he knows, what Sherlock in fact means. Fine. John inhales. The science of deduction: fine, all right. That first clamorous rush of their plumbing, that'd be the toilet. The building's ancient; anyone could tell. Another eight seconds of the taps steadily running would be Sherlock washing his hands; and then again, a moment only, after a small space of silence: John swallows. Wetting, John thinks, his toothbrush. Sherlock'd left his toothbrush, the night before: standing on its battery-powered base just to the right of John's electric shaver, even though he'd brought his overnight bag back into John's room. John doesn't open his eyes. When he'd woke the bag was still just where Sherlock'd left it, huddled near the wall inside John's open door. John swallows: all right. All right. That selfsame tide of anxiety: not gone. Under his palm the skin of his belly feels damp. Hot. He is remembering, with a disjoint cinematic clarity, Vic digging a still-wrapped blue toothbrush out of a plastic bin in the cupboard under his sink. He wishes he weren't. Across the landing the shower comes on and John sighs; scrubs at his face, both hands. Rolls over onto his belly to bury his face halfway between the pillows, smell Sherlock's unwashed hair. Breathe in, he breathes in. Even after twenty-four months his room had still—Christ, John thinks:
"Marianne's got a bit of a thing for you," John murmurs, against Sherlock's temple.
"Then that." Sherlock murmurs, against his heel. "Is what I'll do."
"To get used to it," John says. Clears his throat. "Your height, I mean."
, John countered himself,
,” he said, pulling out slightly, getting used to the feeling. It was so much, yet not enough.
Sherlock obeyed. John climbed over him, and they were face to face. Sherlock was blushing again. The soft morning light caressed Sherlock’s features, making him look young and innocent, yet older and wiser beyond his years, a beautiful product of his painful past. John kissed his forehead, his left eye, his right. Sherlock’s arms slowly came to embrace John by the waist, and then they were kissing. It was slow, deliberate, it was everything.
“You’re sure-”
“What?” he asked hoarsely, a defensive look in his eyes, “Did I-”
,” Sherlock whined, fingers tangling in John’s hair. His eyes squeezed shut, and John felt his body begin to clench.
. Bracing himself on his forearms, he captured Sherlock’s lips, the man moaned into his mouth as he kissed back.
“I want to look at you. Turn around, on your back.”
He rubbed his eyes, turning to look at the unoccupied pillow next to him. There was still a little indentation where another’s head had been less than an hour ago, or maybe several hours ago. John couldn’t be sure, deducing wasn’t his job. He reached out to feel the bedsheet- no, it was cold. That must mean… what did that mean?
“The sex, obviously,” Sherlock said, and John chucked.
“In the army, that’s what we call ‘running away,’” John smirked, “Though you’d make a good soldier with that attitude.”
, it was almost too much.
No, he’d have taken a hundred uncomfortable erotic dreams over one where he believed Sherlock might actually love him back.
“I don’t understand why you would… want me. When you could have,” Sherlock gestured vaguely with their joined hands, “Anyone else.”
Well, he knew how
, what a sight he was then, creamy thighs spread, arse exposed. John’s horny brain wanted nothing more than to push into that plush arse and thrust. He knew of course that wouldn’t be good for anyone though, and instead ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s sides, kissing his spine.
Then John accidentally met Sherlock’s hips with his own. Their lengths brushed against each other, and the men gasped.
That man was looking at him strangely now, and John realized he had been staring a little. Examining every inch of Sherlock, taking it in. His soft frown, his porcelain skin, his piercing eyes. Beautiful.
Sherlock grunted in response, continuing to examine his slide. Charming as always. John walked to the cupboard, pulling out an almost-empty box of tea.
Sherlock complied, attempting to slow his breaths as John popped the lid of the lube, putting some on his fingers. He kissed down Sherlock’s back, down to the small of it, then just above his hole. He replaced his lips with a slick finger, stroking up and down the rim, feeling how tight it was. Sherlock began to squirm a little, and John steadied him with a hand on his right hip.
“Now you’ll think twice about leaving me alone in bed, yeah? Wouldn’t want to miss exciting moments like this,” John joked, breaking the silence. Sherlock chuckled, and John could feel it all through his chest.
Sherlock pouted, and John laughed, moving his hand to Sherlock’s cheek. “Thank you for telling me. If you really want us to do this, I want you to enjoy it. We can take it slow. Honestly, it’s been a while for me as well,” John admitted.
“Wait, Sherlock,” John moved away slightly, urging Sherlock’s head up as he let John’s penis fall out of his mouth.
Sherlock pouted then, probably about to accuse John of performing a social nicety, a meaningless platitude. Meanwhile, John wanted nothing more than to kiss those impossibly soft lips again, hear those keen moans. He licked his own lips without meaning to and Sherlock’s eyes darted there, then up to his eyes. This time, he held John’s stare. John felt the familiar, somehow comforting, sensation of being analyzed.
Large hands ran up and down John’s thighs, and Sherlock lowered his head as John unconsciously held his breath. A wet, warm tongue was now licking a stripe up John’s length, from root to tip, and he felt his breath come quicker. Sherlock sucked at the tip of his cock experimentally, and John shuddered. Then, in true Sherlock style, he did something a little unexpected; he buried his nose in John’s wiry hair at the base of his cock and breathed in deeply, hands contracting around John’s thighs.
“We don’t have to talk about it.”
“I love you,” John said suddenly. With every thrust, he stared into his friend’s eyes, unable to look away. “I love you,” he repeated, “So much, Sherlock.”
growing almost unmanageable.
Then, Sherlock was demanding John’s mouth, kissing him with an intensity he had never felt before, John’s system felt as if it would short circuit any second. But John held on, fingers seeking out the ties to Sherlock’s robe, pushing the damned thing off his broad shoulders.
Two things he noticed right away: something suspicious boiling on the stove, and Sherlock, seated at the table, bent over his microscope. He didn’t look up, didn’t acknowledge John’s presence in the least, just turned the little knobs with his ridiculously long fingers.
He could swear Sherlock’s pupils dilated slightly. The man raised an eyebrow, “My room is closer.”
But better those than the tender, pining thoughts he had whenever the lamplight illuminated the laugh lines around Sherlock’s eyes. Or when Sherlock took a second to make sure John was alright after a physical altercation. Or when Sherlock knew by the tenor of John’s footsteps up the stairs when the clinic had been particularly tough, so he would start the kettle boiling for tea before John even got through the front door. Moments that John saw what he considered to be the “real” Sherlock, not the man in the papers or at the Yard, made it particularly tough to ignore his own feelings. Even worse, these moments tried to trick him into believing that Sherlock could maybe reciprocate.
“Y-yes, I think,” Sherlock said haltingly, “You can… you can go a little…
They then laid without speaking, listening to the sounds of the city outside, the quiet inhales and exhales, the beats of each other’s hearts. Sherlock’s slow breathing began to lull John to sleep. His eyes started to close involuntarily, and though he didn’t want to miss a moment of this, he felt himself dozing off.
John smiled thinly, looking down, then back up. “Then why did you leave?”
He began thrusting in, out, with incredible restraint, two hands on Sherlock’s hips. He remembered Sherlock’s leaking cock, spat into his hand, and began to stroke. Sherlock’s hips bucked as he cried out, and John began to move a little faster. With every thrust, Sherlock’s hair became more and more unkept, surrounding his head like a dark halo, fringe beginning to stick to his sweaty forehead.
Rubbing his eyes again, John tried to ignore the memories that were now flying through his mind like moths to a light. The feeling of soft, well-kept hair in between his fingers. The image of a tall silhouette shedding clothes against the city lights. The sounds, dear god, the sounds of both of them gasping and panting, the sheets rustling, the wet strokes of rough hands on tender skin.
Sherlock huffed indignantly as John laughed, coaxing Sherlock’s pout into a small smile with a quick kiss.
“Of course.”
“John,” Sherlock said, fingers digging into John’s back, “I need-”
John pulled Sherlock down gently to kiss him deeply, slowly, arms snaking around his neck. Letting himself show Sherlock his appreciation, in whatever way he could.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock began, then closed his mouth, eyes in his lap.
“Fuck,” John said involuntarily. Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s thighs in response and then he, meeting John’s eyes, slowly took in a good length of John’s cock into his mouth.
John turned, but Sherlock had subtly resumed his position, refocused on other things not visible to the naked eye. This time, John didn’t just take a quick glance. He let himself observe, deduce, gather evidence. He smirked as the kettle suddenly whistled and the detective started, jumping a little before resuming his indifferent stare.
John waited, intertwining his left hand with Sherlock’s right.
“I can’t tell if you’re being serious or not.”
was like.
“It wasn’t clear to me!” John exclaimed.
He wasn’t even getting blown, yet seeing this man smelling him in his most vulnerable spot, almost reverently, eyes closed, John felt himself get completely hard. He put his hand in Sherlock’s hair, running his fingers through it as Sherlock sucked on a ball.
Oh god, now he realized he had spent too long in the toilet, Sherlock was bound to notice. With a deep breath, John left the sanctuary of the bathroom for the emotional warzone of the kitchen.
He’d brushed it off then, caught off guard. But staring blankly up at his ceiling, weeks after the fact, he let himself fully admit it. For the first time in his and Sherlock’s partnership, he’d truly felt jealous, like he’d been replaced. Looking at the two veritable geniuses mentally sparring with their perfect hair and perfect cheekbones had reminded John of what he wasn’t. Irene Adler was Sherlock’s equal, and John, well… wasn’t.
John wasn’t sure what he was referring to specifically, but he tried to keep his expression neutral. “We don’t have to-”
“Fuck,” John didn’t need to be told twice. He added another finger, stretching the rim and, every once in a while, caressing Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock was now thrusting back in a slow rhythm, John watched his fingers slide in and out with more and more ease.
“Yes. Maybe. I’m…” he took a breath, “to be perfectly honest, John, I haven’t done,” vague hand gesture, “this before.”
Maybe it was his imagination, but he could swear the shuffling in the kitchen came to a stop as John opened the door and began to walk down the stairs. Regardless, he beelined for the toilet, a welcome diversion from his worst insecurities who were no doubt waiting to swallow him up in the next room. Besides, he desperately needed to take a piss.
One sleepless night after the incidents with Irene Adler, he’d found the Woman’s words echoing through his ears.
John’s anxiety began to turn to bitterness as he filled the kettle and placed it on the burner. Why was Sherlock here, in their common living space, if he had wanted so badly to get away from John this morning? Why couldn’t he be a decent bloke who could let him down gently, look him in the eyes and stammer platitudes such as “It’s not anything you did,” or “I just don’t want you to get hurt.” He tried to picture Sherlock saying those things and almost smiled. God knows John had said shit like that enough times, though he suspected it never really made any of the women feel better. Still, the golden rule, right?
John grinned widely as Sherlock closed his mouth, realizing what he’d said aloud.
John shook his head. No, he was not going to encourage his morning wood. He sat for a few minutes, listening to the various nefarious kitchen noises, trying to decide what to do. Trying to deduce why Sherlock had left his bed so soon after entering it.
“Do I-” he made a gesture towards the pillows and John nodded.
“Alright,” John removed his fingers, Sherlock inhaled sharply. He shifted, arse up, and John rose on his knees a little to get into position.
He settled, right knee in between John’s legs, noticeably not touching anything too sensitive, and John reached up to give him an almost chaste kiss.
“…You.”
“That you regretted. What we did.”
John nodded, “Okay. Then get up here,” he patted the bed, remembering then to remove his shirt.
“Anyway,” John swallowed, “you’re going to have to be honest with me, alright?”
, John looked away quickly. “Morning,” he said as casually as he could manage. He didn’t trust himself to say more.
,” he interrupted John just as he opened his mouth to reply, “no, no, don’t be daft.”
The bitterness faded into resignation as John opened the door of the fridge to grab some bread and butter. Maybe it was better this way, keeping the status quo. John could suffer in silence. He’d already been doing that anyway, he was a professional at this point. Sherlock could keep his dignity or perceived logical purity, and acquaintances could keep mistaking them for something they were not. The daily routine.
, he thought.
An idea began to tentatively form in his mind; maybe, just maybe, he wasn’t the only one suffering in silence.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed, “Of what?”
“No you’re not,” John responded.
, this was bliss. Everything about this was infinitely better than last night. Just the fact that he could see Sherlock clearly, eyes dark, lips stretched, cheeks flushed, was enough to fuel John’s fantasies for the rest of his life. It was superior to every shameful scenario his mind had ever concocted. No matter how much he had tried not to think about sex with Sherlock, the thoughts would come, and he’d have to bat them away like flies.
When he felt like he could breath again, he slowly eased himself out of Sherlock’s arse, knowing the sheets were going to be filthy after this, not giving a single damn.
“Oh, Christ,” John cursed again as Sherlock swirled his tongue around the head. Sherlock moaned around his cock, and
“Yes,” John breathed, and after one more kiss, moved to sit between Sherlock’s legs. He grabbed the lube again and slicked himself up, eyes falling closed involuntarily. When he opened them, he saw Sherlock staring at him, breathing heavily. John took a deep breath himself, aligned his cock with Sherlock’s hole, and slowly began to push inside.
“You’re bloody gorgeous,” John mumbled into Sherlock’s back. He could feel Sherlock breathing quickly underneath his mouth. “Relax a little, alright? Breathe.”
John knew now why he had no evidence from the night before concerning his flatmate’s heart. In the dark, drunk off of wine and whiskey, they had barely spoken. One simple touch had lit the flame, and it was merely seconds before they had stumbled onto John’s bed, kissing, wanting. John hadn’t even thought to turn on the lights, what for?
Now that he thought about it, had John ever said that out loud before, admitted that he had shagged a bloke once? He couldn’t recall a single person he’d had the guts to admit it to, not even Harry. Okay, maybe some internal issues to be worked out there.
A faint nose came from the kitchen, pots and pans being moved from the stovetop to the sink. This wasn’t remarkable either. John woke up to seemingly innocent noises that came from the kitchen most mornings.
“Is that so?” Sherlock’s eyes raked through John. He swallowed, making a note to himself to take advantage of that possible military kink another day.
,” John was coming inside Sherlock, unable to control himself any longer.
“Yes,” Sherlock hissed, and then, John was completely seated inside Sherlock. “John,” he moaned lengthily. “
Sherlock moved to tilt John’s face up to meet his. His eyes glinted mischievously, but without malice. Without really meaning to, their lips met, and they kissed once, long and deep. Still, they didn’t move apart.
“Or we could just do it here,” he rumbled, his voice somehow lower than normal.
Sherlock, the horny thing, went straight for John’s trousers, hooking his thumbs around the waistband and pulling them halfway down John’s arse before they reached the edge of the bed and John half-fell onto the mattress, Sherlock following. He straddled John’s thighs, trapping him with his arms, kissing him relentlessly. Finally, he broke away. As John caught his breath, Sherlock returned to his previous task, making quick work of John’s trousers and pants, coming to a kneel on the floor in between his legs.
After the third finger, Sherlock was getting impatient. He turned a little to look back at John, his eyes impossibly dark. “So? Are you going to fuck me, or not?”
The man was quiet then. He examined John’s face carefully, calculating. “No,” Sherlock said eventually, softly, his eyes not leaving John’s “of course not.”
The toaster popped, and John realized he had never even put the bread in. He let out an exasperated breath, then something caught his eye. In the reflection of the application’s steel, John could see the outline of Sherlock. Though the image was a little fuzzy, John could definitely tell, Sherlock was not looking at his microscope. His head was turned, and he was looking in John’s direction. No, not just in his direction, he was looking
“You don’t want to talk about it?”
“Here,” John grabbed a pillow and lifted Sherlock’s hips, sliding it under. “That might, ah, might help.”
“What?” Sherlock interrupted his staring, eyebrows furrowing again.
Sherlock’s head tilted back, breathing in and out loudly. John’s breath hissed out through his teeth as he pushed farther in.
“I didn’t say that. We…” Sherlock sucked in a breath, “if you don’t want to, we don’t have to.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, reaching up to cover John’s hand with his own. “Alright.” After a moment, he moved to a kneeling position, arms bracing him.
“For… being afraid,” Sherlock looked up through his lashes.
, Sherlock,” John gave his cock one stroke, he couldn’t help it. “Are you-”
“John,” Sherlock reached to touch his face.
“Do you have-” John began to ask, but Sherlock interrupted him, already knowing what John was going to say, and leaned over to search through his drawers. A few seconds later, he triumphantly returned with a little bottle of lube. But after handing it to John, he looked a little lost, unsure of what he should be doing.
John raised an eyebrow with a smirk, “For?”
John smiled. “You do?”
He pulled away. Sherlock’s eyes, closed during the kiss, opened slowly. John smiled. “Just getting a good look at you,” he said finally, “in the light. I… didn’t get a chance to yesterday.”
Another noise from the kitchen, this time the sink being turned on and then off. The source: John’s own personal mystery, doing unspeakable things to organ meat no doubt.
“You and I might have different definitions of ‘obvious,’” John chuckled.
“What makes you think that?” Sherlock continued to turn the knobs.
“And even if I hadn’t been completely indifferent to her, physically, how could I have felt romantically towards her while I was in completely in love with you?”
Sherlock swallowed. “I… was afraid. That
“Yes.”
John smiled for real then.
“What?”
“Well, on that we agree,” Sherlock frowned but John continued, “That I don’t understand why you would want me either, you git.”
A pause. Sherlock finally looked up at John, then down again. “Ah,” he admitted.
Maybe John was expecting too much of him. Maybe Sherlock was just impatient, not one for lie-ins. Sherlock knew how long John was prone to sleep, which was not much really, but compared to Sherlock, everyone slept like the dead. Anyway, given the time, he’d have to know that John was awake by now.
John balked for a moment. He couldn’t remember the last time Sherlock had apologized to him. Apologies were about as frequent as royal weddings. Although lately, there’d been quite a few of those he supposed. “…For what?”
,” he pushed back on John’s finger.
“It’s always been you though,” John said quietly then, looking down at their hands clasped together. “Even whenever I tried to find someone else, all I could think about,” he couldn’t stop talking now that he started, “was how they weren’t you. I don't expect you to have felt the same-”
Sherlock opened his mouth, perhaps to break the tension with a humorous comment to decrease the intensity. Or maybe to assure John he wasn’t much worth looking at. Or to call John an illogical fool. Whatever the words might have been, Sherlock refrained. Instead, he closed his eyes and let his forehead rest on John’s, who mirrored him. Together, they let out a breath they hadn’t realized they had been holding.
“Honestly, John,” he could see the eye roll now, “I’m ready.”
Sherlock wasn’t looking at him, but he could hear the eyeroll in his voice. “More, John.
“…I left the spleen on the stove.”
, John.”
Suddenly John was struck by the memory of intertwining those fingers with his own, holding them above the man’s head as John rutted down onto Sherlock, Sherlock moaning into his mouth with each thrust-
Maybe Sherlock hadn’t seen it, hadn’t deduced it, he had been just as plastered as John. If he had known what John was thinking, would he have stayed?
