Sherlock felt his stomach drop and had the sudden urge to vomit when the thought of John with someone else entered his mind.
They walked home, Rosie in the middle holding one of Sherlock’s hands and one of John’s. The doctor kept smooching Sherlock wherever he could reach to annoy his daughter but Sherlock knew that it was also because he wanted to. Which brought ridiculous warmth into his chest.
It was another half hour of sulking and grumbling on Sherlock’s part and worried or annoyed glances on his father and sister’s part before the door opened at exactly 1:37 in the afternoon. Entered the incompetent but relatively nice DI from the morning, who looked miserable because of the rain but also, Sherlock deduced, because there had been no progress made on the case. They had wrapped their mind around the fact that it was a murder about two hours after Sherlock was sent back to the flower shop but had no idea who or why. The desperate look on the man’s face said it all. And something must have come up for him to go looking directly for him.
“Alright, deal,” John spoke into the fabric of the (rather thin) pyjama he had put on after his shower. “You can keep putting your life in danger and chase murderers but only if I’m with you.”
Sherlock swallowed and discovered yet again a new side of John. This boy was an unsolvable mystery, such an interesting person that Sherlock had never found himself bored of him. And he was sure he never would. But unlike every other time John had surprised him with a new aspect of his persona, this side of him was intimidating and Sherlock truly hoped to never see John angry with him ever again because he found
“Yeah,” John replied. He was still smiling but Sherlock could see he felt a little uncomfortable. And he couldn’t really blame him.
Sherlock muttered words were drowned out by John confident full sentence. And next thing Sherlock knew, John Watson was scolding him about his bad eating habits over lunch with an ordinary but nice boy called Mike Stamford.
Rosie was buzzing with excitement, but Sherlock couldn’t picture himself talking about a job he didn’t do (
Sometimes, John would compliment him on his deducing skill or throw a flirty comment out in the air and Sherlock would only scoff and try to hide his blush while willing himself not to look too much into that and not ruin that wonderful friendship they had.
Sherlock felt suspicious, Rosie was wearing a far too angelic expression for it to be real. And there was a glint in her look that told Sherlock she was up to something.
“It’s kind of embarrassing that it’s Rosie who arranged everything isn’t it?” John had asked in the darkness of their bedroom (
“Ewwww! That’s so. gross. I shouldn’t have said all that!” They broke of their kiss (much to Sherlock’s displeasure, but he now that he knew he had all the time in the world to keep doing that, he didn’t really mind) and turned toward Rosie. She was scrunching up her nose in apparent (and exaggerated) disgust.
John looked at Sherlock. “I don’t know, I’m okay with that, considering we won’t be able to use the kitchen for a while, what about you Sherlock?”
“Yes, yes of course…” He took her hand and they started walking back in direction of Baker Street. Only a few seconds after they were out of the park, Sherlock cut Rosie off her reciting of the story their teacher had told them. “Look, Rosie um, er… You know you called me…” The word had trouble getting out of his throat. “… Papa? Yeah?” She nodded with a slightly worried look on her face. “Yes well, you can’t call me that.”
“Oh, right,” John brightened, and Sherlock saw a glint in his eyes he could not quite identify. “Here, it’s for you.” He said thrusting it in Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from grinning like the madman he was and expose the 2 complete and 3 incomplete theories he already had formed with the few glimpses he had got.
“No no it’s not like that it’s directed at me I- tonight for example, while we were eating, she asked
Life was being quite unfair. It was unfair that John wasn’t there with him. It was unfair that he was left to have small talks with all these boring customers. It was unfair that his mother wouldn’t tell him why the hell John wasn’t there when she so obviously knew something – she was glancing at Sherlock and the clock from time to time and she looked too excited for it to be considered normal.
The fact that Eurus was leaning against the wall, next to the rubber fig, looking as if she were watching a very entertaining show wasn’t helping. Sherlock felt betrayed. Younger siblings weren’t supposed to feel amused when their elders were getting their heart broken, were they?
He ran to the door trying to stay as dry as he could. He didn’t even have the time to reach for the handle, the front door opened before him revealing an angry-looking John Watson behind whom were his parents who were displaying all the signs of being worried.
“Er, right,” Sherlock cleared his throat. “So these ones,” he pointed to the gardenias, “mean ‘you’re lovely’,” As he spoke, he realized how embarrassing it was going to be and wished John had listened to him more carefully when he ranted about flower language. He cleared his throat
“He is quite fat, isn’t he? I’m glad it’s not just me thinking it.” Eurus said after a few moments of tense silence.
Sherlock had not idea who Sophia was but that wasn’t his main concern right then. “That’s not-” He sighed. “No, we are not planning on getting married because marriage usually requires for both people to be in love or at least in a relationship.”
John put the seemingly heavy box on the counter right before Sherlock but kept the other gift in his left hand. “All right,” John placed his hands on his hips and directed a satisfied smile at Sherlock. “I went through all kinds of troubles to get you that present so you might as well open it.”
Really, life was quite unfair. It was unfair that Mycroft never had had to work there. It was unfair that Eurus had to work less than him there. It was unfair that just because one of his experiments had set fire to a room, fire that he had under control and extinguished with a (according to his father, very expensive) rug, he had to work at his parent’s flower shop every day after school and would probably have to during the next break. Maybe it was the fact that he had tried to blame it on their cat that made his parents mad? It wasn’t fair anyway. Eurus worked on her own will every Saturday, so why couldn’t she take his shifts if she liked it so much? Didn’t make much of a difference if it was a 16-year-old boy or a 15-year-old girl working, did it?
John’s hand was shaking a little and all Sherlock could do was stare dumbly at the bouquet. He was not expecting that. Did John want him to give the flowers to someone? Or did he refuse Eurus’ offer to have them for free?
“Er, yeah, sound like things I’d do…” Sherlock scolded himself for displaying his terrible behaviour in front of the person he’d actually like to act like a normal person with. He expected some harsh comment about how it was unacceptable – which it was, by society standards – and John Watson to storm out of the shop but he only chuckled and kept smiling.
Sometimes, John would come directly after rugby practice and Sherlock would pretend he didn’t notice John’s ruffled hair and flushed cheeks and would ignore his mother’s or father’s knowing smiles as well as the tingling in his stomach.
“Yes Papa,” Rosie said hopping off the bench and on the ground. Sherlock froze at the nickname and left Rosie confused with her hand outstretched toward him for a few seconds. “Are you okay?” This question brought the man back to reality.
Finally, he went back downstairs and sat across John his armchair. The man in front of him was on the phone and nodding at whatever the person on the other line was saying. From the smile on his face and the furtive and excited looks he was giving Sherlock, the detective guessed he was on the phone with Lestrade and was offering them an interesting case.
Sherlock cautiously unwrapped it – it really seemed fragile. Next thing he knew, he was holding smallish blue flowers paired with tiny white ones, arranged and fixed in a circle. And he was
Sherlock could have stayed there all night, watching John sleep looking so peaceful, but he suspected John would feel rather uneasy if he happened to wake up with Sherlock’s face inches away from his own and his eyes intently fixed on him.
The detective raised an eyebrow. Apparently, John had been showing sappy movies to his daughter. He smiled at that thought, it was such a John Watson thing to do. “Yes I guess you can say it’s like that.”
John was up again, waving his arms around to empathize his words and Sherlock couldn’t describe as anything else but adorable. He wasn’t frightening anymore, he was simply kind, thoughtful and
Two days after that, John had his own high stool and his part of the large counter in the Holmes flower shop where he put his notebooks and pens, and Sherlock helped him almost every day after school and on Saturday. If they weren’t doing homework or going through John’s notes, they were talking and laughing at embarrassing things Sherlock deduced about the customers.
He was walking in the hallway, trying to get to his locker without running into anyone whom he didn’t want to run into, his eyes lowered in order to avoid meeting someone’s gaze. For some reason, that had been held against him several times the previous year. He shook his head trying to erase the memory of the one-sided and inequitable fight that ensued.
“Well simply because I’m not.” Sherlock answered hoping it would make enough sense for a six-year-old. Lots of things didn’t make sense to kids and it was sometimes irritating.
“Um hi, remember me?” He was nervous. And in a hurry. Sherlock decided he was going to make this more difficult than he ought to.
John sighed and lowered his gaze again. “Well she’s been asking me about people being in love and… and how her friends have two parents and…” John didn’t finish his sentence. Something he did too often if you asked Sherlock.
Sherlock felt ecstatic. His bad mood forgotten, he went around the counter to follow the DI when his father’s voice burst his bubble of joy. “Sherlock, where are you going?”
Sherlock sighed. John looked so happy it would have been a crime to ruin his mood by throwing a tantrum about a birthday.
“That’s okay I understand. Oh! By the way, I haven’t seen your husband in a long time, is he alright?”
Why was that so terrible? Because Sherlock went to school with John Watson and because he may or may not have been admiring and developing feelings for the rugby captain from afar. For a long time. It was stupid, he had known it the minute he had admitted (acknowledged) his stupid infatuation to himself. But Sherlock’s feelings were apparently as stubborn as the boy himself and wouldn’t subside. It was even stupider to hide from him when the golden boy probably didn’t even know Sherlock existed. And yet, Sherlock was frozen as he heard John Watson walk into the shop.
However, there had been one afternoon when his luck had run out. It was on Wednesday. A group of people from his school had passed in the street and one of them had seen him through the large window. They spent at least 15 minutes laughing at the ‘grumpy freak who was working in a flower shop’ before an old lady came in and asked for flowers. After that, they went away and hadn’t come back. Well, for the moment.
John’s eyes widened and Sherlock felt panic rise in him for the second time in the span of 10 minutes. “How did you- Why- Who told you?”
John only took his cold hand in his warm one and squeezed it. When Sherlock turned his head to face John, he was met by a soft and fond smile. “Thank you, Sherlock,” His voice was barely above a whisper. And somehow, Sherlock knew this wasn’t only about him talking with Rosie about this issue.
“I have to ask you something, Daddy, Papa,” Sherlock’s eyes widened at the use of that nickname in presence of John. One quick look to the man across from him was enough to tell him he wasn’t the only one startled by it. Whatever was happening that couldn’t be good. “I want my own room.”
“Huh?” John’s hair was mussed, he looked utterly confused and it took him a few more seconds to form coherent words. “Right, I’m assuming you figured something out about the case,” He picked up the cup, gratifying Sherlock with the appreciative smile he was waiting for. “Aren’t you supposed to be working in the flower shop today?” He asked after taking a sip.
“I’m not adorable…” Sherlock mumbled giving up all attempt to stop the blush creeping up his cheeks and ducked his face.
And just like that, they were arguing over whether or not John and him were allowed to snog in the shop. The fight happened mostly between Sherlock and Eurus, but John sometimes popped in to make a point or laugh at them. Finally, Eurus retreated to the back of the shop – not without threatening them to strangle the both of them if her or any customers walked in on them “doing anything that might cause someone to become blind” – and Sherlock and John were left alone.
be what John had actually said. If the volume and the meaning of the words John had spoken had him sure he had misunderstood, the determined look on his friend’s face made him reconsider. He managed to squeak a quiet and pathetic “what”. Every bit of elaborate vocabulary had run away from his perfect mind.
John started to laugh uncontrollably, and even Sherlock couldn’t keep a smile off his face. He was just so damn happy!
“You’re quite special, aren’t you?” John said when his laughter died down. Sherlock shrugged, handed the bouquet back to John and attempted to ignore the heat travelling from the spot where his fingers brushed with John’s to his face.
) but the kitchen table (or the kitchen altogether) probably wouldn’t be available for a quite a time. Oh well, it wasn’t as if it hadn’t already happened in the past.
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity to everyone in the room John arrived right in front of Sherlock. He wished more than anything the floor would swallow him, or his parents would come back from wherever they went in the morning and save him from this highly unwanted conversation.
But when Sherlock looked up through his lashes, he saw John grinning brightly. He felt the bouquet being taken away from his trembling hand, and John’s warm fingers settle on his wrist. He looked up out of instinct and the sight that awaited him sent a wave of relief through his body. There was no maliciousness or any hint of any kind on John’s face that would indicate this whole thing was simply a big joke being played on Sherlock. There was just
“Why did you say Daddy and you were married?” She paused but added something out of doubt. “You’re not married, are you?”
John looked quite unsure about his own theory, but the more Sherlock read about the murders, the more it started to make sense. “John you’re brilliant,” Sherlock said quietly. He got up the file still in hands. “You’re amazing,” He added, getting out of the room to go to his library.
Sherlock turned and saw John smiling and shaking his head at the state of the room Rosie and him where in.
Life was unfair. It was unfair that he was stuck for hours in a crowded place full of idiots. It was unfair that his parents made him go there even though they knew he was too clever to fit in such a dull place. It was really unfair that he didn’t have the right to use the lab without supervision anymore.
. Eurus was at the back of the shop, where Sherlock could hear but not see her rearranging whatever it was that they kept there (Sherlock had never gone there, it seemed a lot more exhausting to work back there), leaving him only with the company of the giant rubber fig that took as much space as an actual person.
It was two o’clock when he saw a figure approaching slowly the shop. He narrowed his eyes in order to see who he’d have to face in a few seconds before he felt the blood leave his face when seeing that familiar face. He did what had seemed like the brightest idea of all times and ducked under the counter and stayed there, crouching, eye-level with the flowers he hadn’t used yet. Sherlock started to whisper-yell his little sister’s name so she could come and save him a lifetime of embarrassment but before she arrived, he heard the bell above the door chime.
Rosie sighed loudly. “Papa loves you, but he thinks you don’t love him. It’s stupid…” And she started muttering about how stupid the whole story was.
“I understand if you don’t feel the same! I’m not waiting for anything in return I just needed you to know,” John’s features were full of sadness and worry and Sherlock couldn’t stand it. He
“It’s perfect, really,” Sherlock offered him a reassuring smile (well as reassuring as Sherlock could smile) and went back to reading the file. It was a really good case and certainly not boring. No wonder the idiots who called themselves the police didn’t manage to close it. “The best gift I ever got, thank you.”
She opened her mouth to say something else, but someone was coming to close the doors, so he gently pushed her towards the entrance and muttered a rapid “have a nice day, bye” as she jogged almost eagerly towards her school.
It was a sunny (but windy and chilly) day so there were quite a few people hanging out in Regent’s Park and it almost took them 20 minutes to get ice creams. They sat on a bench and Rosie filled the silence with the story of what she did to school today. She was a very talkative and confident kid and no matter what he said to the others, Sherlock was very fond of her and it was hard to get bored when everything she said was so dramatic it could have come from an epic story of a superhero, even if she was just talking about the zoo.
Right. That explained the gifts John was carrying and the excited expression his mother was wearing. She had never really accepted or got used to her son’s absolute hatred for this kind of event. He had made it clear years ago that he
His father had asked him if he wanted to go home – their house wasn’t far from the flower shop – to change clothes and dry his hair, but Sherlock had ignored him and continued his pacing. Oddly enough, his father didn’t make a fuss out of Sherlock’s unproductivity or about the fact that the boy was dripping wet and making the floor all gross. Eurus did, though.
The girl still seemed confused about the whole story but looked like she accepted it and nodded. Sherlock let out a relieved sigh and they continued their walk back to the flat. Nothing changed from usual, Rosie still talked all the way to their home and called him papa. In fact, Sherlock was under the impression she was using that nickname more often than she did during their other walks home.
“No but that’s okay! I don’t have to be related to you to be emotionally attached to you, you understand?”
They fell into a comfortable silence, disturbed only by the soft classical music playing in the shop (his parents were convinced music helped plants grow better but Sherlock just found that stupid), Eurus’ occasional comments on random things and a few customers.
“Right… You’re welcome… I guess…” Sherlock mumbled still finding the whole situation fairly odd. After about thirty seconds of awkward silence and John Watson looking into his eyes as if he could see his very soul, Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke up. “So how can I help you?”
“Ah sorry, it took longer than I expected,” The bell chimed, and John’s voice came to his ears. Sherlock looked up suddenly to find his best friend wearing his rugby jacket open (Sherlock always noticed when John wore this jacket no matter how irrelevant to any situation it was. Maybe because he secretly loved it when John wore it…) and carrying a big box wrapped in an obnoxious and colourful paper and a circle-shaped, fragile-looking thing covered in a dark green paper. “Turns out Sherlock was right when he said that the people in NSY are rather thick and uncooperative. Although I was under the impression they became even more hostile when I mentioned you.” John grinned at him and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You look absolutely adorable,” John’s smile widened and any trace of shyness that might have been present when he gave his first gift to him were completely gone.
For once in his life, Sherlock was clueless as to what he was supposed to do next. Luckily, John was not as lost as him. Before Sherlock could think too much about what to say or do, John settled a hand on his hip and another on the back of his neck. He gently brought Sherlock’s face close to his own and pressed his slightly chapped lips against Sherlock’s.
“-you’re both in love! Papa even told me he loved you! That’s how it works right? People who are in love get married!”
“Happy birthday Sherlock,” She said flatly with the hint of a smile on her lips before leaving the room. Without closing the door on her way out. Because that’s what younger siblings do.
He himself couldn’t keep the fond smile tugging at his lips as he unlocked the door and Rosie kept talking. He really liked this kid like she was his own.
John and Sherlock were giggling in the back of Lestrade’s car – he had insisted on driving them back to their respective home, not wanting to have problems with any of their parents – and when they dropped John off, Lestrade gave him a look and a smile in the rear mirror that was most definitely announcing an unwanted comment.
“I’m confused,” Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were probably filled with confusion. And he felt rather lost. “What do you want me to do?”
The moment the soft skin of John’s lips touched his, Sherlock let out a surprised (and frankly embarrassing) noise but quickly recovered and happily reciprocated John’s actions. It’s slow and tentative and almost shy and Sherlock cannot find it anything but perfect.
Sherlock scoffed. “Well, what did you want me to do? Let go of a mildly interesting murder and stay all afternoon in the shop instead?”
“You are back from your adventures in good health I see, dear brother.” Mycroft was smiling tightly. John and Eurus looked up, their eyes going from Mycroft to Sherlock. When Sherlock met his friend’s eyes, he was rather relieved to find that there was no trace of anger in them.
someone and would rather use this childish word instead – but he couldn’t speak if he wanted to. The words were simply not getting out.
John beamed at him and he might have heard Eurus scoff, his father chuckle and his mother coo. He chose to ignore it all.
“Yes,” A small theory began to bloom in Sherlock’s mind and made his heart rate considerably increase. He forced it down and crushed every ounce of hope. It would only make things worse when John would let him down.
It was the holiday for Rosie and a few days without doing anything got her as bored as Sherlock would become whenever his life turned dull for an elongated period of time. Thus had begun the incessant complaints (to which John wouldn’t assist because he was working all day) of Rosie. It had been quite repetitive, really, and consisted mostly of different ways of saying “Papa, I’m bored, and I want you to find me something to do.” (he had occupied on of the afternoons talking with her about not confronting her father to any conversation that had the goal of setting John and Sherlock together). She had then been more precise about what she wanted and said she’d like to do experiments with him.
Finally, Eurus appeared in the doorway that led to the back of the shop looking confused and mildly worried (maybe because it wasn’t like Sherlock to call his sister in a hushed and panicked voice). She looked even more bemused when she saw him, damp stem and flowers probably messing his already messy hair. Eurus took her eyes off him to look carefully in the shop without saying a word. John Watson couldn’t see her from where he was standing – and was focused on the flowers anyway – so she simply mouthed “your problem, not mine” at Sherlock and silently retreated back to where she came from before her brother could try to beg her to stay.
) in front of a bunch of judgmental kids. “I’m sorry but um… I’m very busy at the moment,” that was a big lie considering it’d been months since he had been offered a truly interesting case “but surely I’ll find time at some point… Eventually…” He wasn’t planning to “find time” for anything that would remotely involve him with dozens of six-year-olds.
Sherlock was taken aback. He definitely wasn’t expecting that. He wasn’t even sure he understood the question. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock finally looked up only to find John leaning on the counter, smiling at him. “I have no idea…” He answered truthfully.
Life was very unfair. It was unfair that no one believed he was capable of doing things right. It was unfair that no one thought he was the cleverest person in London and probably in the world (except John, John always told him he was the cleverest person he’s ever met). It was unfair that the DI (Gavin? George? Gary? Lestrade) was listening to those two idiots instead of him when clearly, he knew better than them.
She seemed to consider it for a few moments before shrugging. “Okay Papa!” She shook his hand solemnly and grinned at him.
Sherlock only realized his mistake when Rosie stared at him a wide-eyed and shocked. It was obvious that Rosie’s teacher was talking about John so Sherlock hadn’t really thought before answering her. Which he probably should have. He pointedly ignored the little girl’s facial expression and shook the teacher’s hand while saying goodbye to her.
Sherlock’s blissful state of mind was violently shattered by a fake and exaggerated retching noise. He separated himself from John with a small ‘pop’ and opened his eyes (he didn’t remember closing them in the first place, but he didn't remember much after that kiss). He glared at his sister, who was making a disgusted face.
“You could lose the respect of the rugby team if the boys saw you talking with me you know?” Sherlock blurted out before he could think better of it. Honestly, it was probably the worst way to greet someone. Especially if you wanted this someone to like you. But seeing John Watson’s confused look and blinking eyes gave him great reasons to believe the rugby captain wasn’t aware of Sherlock’s social status in this school. “Never mind… Did your sister like the flowers?”
Great, now for some reason Mycroft could know where he was and he was probably waiting for him in the sitting room along with Eurus if the ugly coat hanging by the door and the umbrella were anything to go by, thought Sherlock while his parents and his best friends kept on reproaching him what sounded like every single thing he had done since he was born.
When Sherlock went to say good night to Rosie and tell her a bedtime story (which was a simplified and sometimes less gross version of one of the cases he solved) as usual, she apologized at least a thousand times. Sherlock told her it was okay every time, but apparently, he wasn’t very convincing because she kept asking him if he was sure about that.
“You were easier to convince than I expected,” John narrowed his eyes suspiciously and got closer to Sherlock. “What are you planning?”
A few tension-filled minutes later, he spun on his heels and faced John. Sherlock had never felt so unsure and determined at the same time. He didn’t know it was even possible to feel like that, but there weren’t any other ways he could describe the emotions crashing against one another inside him.
“We too have something for you,” His father smiled and handed him a dark blue scarf. Sherlock looked at his parents puzzled. “Since you are going to be running around London and God knows where else, we figured it would be better for you not to get sick every time.”
She was already trying to tug Sherlock along with her tiny hands holding tightly Sherlock’s trembling own. “N-no wait Rosie you can’t tell anyone!”
Sherlock had been delighted to hear that Rosie (there was no point lying to himself and not admitting he actually considered her as his own daughter after living with her for almost 6 years) shared interests with him. He had thought of a lot of experiments that they could do but practically all of them included body parts or products that could kill you if you weren’t careful. Since Sherlock deeply cared about Rosie’s safety and did not want to live this world by the hand of John Watson, he had decided to settle on the harmless (but painfully useless) experiment that he had done as a child: The Baking Soda and Vinegar Volcano Eruption.
“I have no idea how you got Mycroft to agree to give me this as a present from him, but I have to say I’m quite impressed.” He was. Didn’t mean he was pleased with the present. But he was impressed.
It all happened so fast, even Sherlock’s mind hadn’t completely processed it yet. John Watson was becoming his best friend and Sherlock had never felt so complete.
want his birthday to be celebrated and that he thought of it as a waste of time and energy. She had respected that – more or less, throughout the years – but had seemingly taken advantage of his acquired friendship to break the unspoken rule that Sherlock Holmes’ birthdays were not to be celebrated.
Before John became his friend, when he saw a girl – or occasionally a boy but that was rather rare – throw themselves at the rugby captain, he felt mildly annoyed. But after he got close to the other boy, his ridiculous infatuation (he hated this word) had morphed into something greater. He loved John. He loved John so much it hurt, and it felt as if there was nothing he could do but keep these feelings to himself and make sure John never found out about them and stayed happy. Because John’s happiness had recently become his priority. And if it meant spending less time with Sherlock to go on dates with Mary Morstan, then Sherlock was willing to suffer to ensure John’s contentment.
Sometimes, John would reproach him to be too unpleasant towards the customers and lack social skills, before explaining to him how he could act with them instead – things that Sherlock deleted immediately after hearing them.
John inhaled deeply and just as Sherlock was going to tell him it was okay, he practically shoved the flowers in Sherlock’s face.
“Good,” Sherlock said while swapping books and papers he hoped were the ones he needed. Not that it would matter much if they weren’t. Sherlock didn’t particularly mind if he didn’t do well in school because what he was (supposed to be) learning there, would never be useful in his life ever again.
He tore the ugly wrapping paper and opened the brown carton box to reveal what he had expected. Inside were dozens and dozens of New Scotland Yard cold case files. Sherlock wasn’t surprised but he was very pleased with it. The most pleased he’s ever been when receiving something. He picked the first file and started reading it without even bothering to try to hide his smile.
Right when he arrived at his locker, he heard someone call his name and before he could dwell too much on the fact that it wasn’t the usual ‘freak’ or eventual ‘poof’, John Watson appeared smiling right in front of him. Even a little too close.
“Mycroft hates everyone,” Sherlock said after his fit of laughter died down. “It has nothing to do with you, I promise.”
Just like that, Sherlock’s face felt as if it were on fire. “Shut up, git…” Sherlock reached for his instructions and busied his hands by starting a new arrangement. John laughed and started talking about his crazy mission to retrieve the cold cases from New Scotland Yard. They fell into their usual and comfortable dynamic.
“The mattress for John is already in your room. Goodnight boys! And Sherlock we will talk more about all of this tomorrow.”
. He managed to pull himself together quickly and regain the use of his lungs. “Alright Dr. Watson-Holmes! Let’s get to work.”
When John finally fell asleep, Sherlock allowed himself to stare at what he could see of John’s face. He looked really peaceful and had nothing to do with his agitated self from earlier in the evening.
He had angrily marched back in the flower shop, where Eurus had been covering for him and making excuses to his father as to why Sherlock wasn’t working (they actually had got closer to each other. Not that Sherlock would ever admit such an emotional thing). It had been quite easy considering that no one came into the shop because of the awful weather.
Finally, Sherlock reached him and handed him the flowers. His hand was steady, but he had to make a lot of efforts to keep it that way. He was sure – 92% sure – he had read the situation right, but his confidence kept dropping with each passing second John was quiet. It was too late to retreat anyway.
Unfortunately, the people he had talked to had been irritatingly uncooperative. The only reactions he had got out of them when he explained and proved to them it was a murder, was a shocked (and he was certain, a little impressed) look on the DI’s face, a disgusted frown from a stupid young man, and a muttered “freak” coming out of a stupid young woman’s lips – he had resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the insult he used to be so familiar with. Right after, the same woman had requested he’d go far away and never come back, to which the other idiot nodded enthusiastically. The DI was clearly not as convinced as them that Sherlock was insane but had still made him go.
The moment Sherlock closed the door, he started talking so that John couldn’t ask any questions. “I’ll explain everything after you’ve told me why you’re here.”
When John’s lips started moving slowly Sherlock felt dizzy. His hands flew to John’s shoulders and he gripped the fabric of John’s shirt because no matter how irrational it was, he felt as if he might float away or faint if he didn’t have something solid to hold on to (and John was plenty solid).
After his hot and longer-than-necessary shower, Sherlock padded to the sitting room where Eurus and John were having what seemed to be a normal and dull conversation on the sofa, and as expected, Mycroft was sitting on an armchair, facing him.
They arrived in front of the school right on time and apparently, they weren’t the last ones because a few parents were also running around with alarmed looks on their faces.
John sighed but probably guessed there was no use trying to negotiate and sat down on Sherlock’s bed. “As you could see the weather was particularly bad today and it wasn’t better where the rugby lads and I went so we decided to go back home and reorganize the trip another time. Since I had nothing to do for the rest of the afternoon, I went to find you in the flower shop. But what I didn’t know, was that you were in London chasing after a crazy murderer while it was raining buckets,” He looked at Sherlock accusingly and Sherlock almost felt guilty. Almost. “So I asked your dad if I could stay and wait for you in the shop and he agreed. But I didn’t know either, was that you weren’t planning on coming back when it was already dark outside. Then your parents asked me if I wanted to stay over for the night, so I could wait for you. And here I am. Now your turn, what happened exactly?”
Sometimes too natural. There had been times when she almost slipped up and called him that in presence of her actual father. Those times had made Sherlock’s heart race so fast he had had to isolate himself in his room for a few minutes in order to calm down (the first time, Rosie had thought she was mad at him and had started crying in the arm of a very confused John).
After a while, other kids stopped picking on him and calling him names for no reason. Yet, John had never admitted having anything to do with this, but Sherlock knew better.
“Mike told me you came marching in the middle of his class with Mr Harris to complain about how incompetent he was at grading papers and revealed he had sex with another teacher or something like that,” Oh yeah, he had forgotten about that. It’s not like it was an uncommon thing for him to make a scene in the middle of a lecture when something was bothering him. “And I’m pretty sure you’re the ‘wanker’ Chris kept mumbling about during practice. I don’t know what you found out about him, but he was quite upset.” Sherlock had no idea who Chris was or what it was that he found out about him. But then again, he had no idea who most people in his school were.
“I hope you’re not planning on leaving the shop without cleaning that.” She said flatly, gesturing to the splotches of mud and the small lake forming on the floor close to the counter. Sherlock merely grunted at her without once stopping his pacing, which only worsened the floor’s state.
“What?” She said flatly. “Oh, I’ve got one too, from both Mycroft and me. But he didn’t want me to give it to you when Mummy and Dad are around,” Sherlock gulped. If Mycroft and Eurus had teamed up to find him something his parents couldn’t see, this something couldn’t be anything else but extremely dangerous or extremely embarrassing. Eurus shrugged. “I think it could have been funny, but he thought it was too ‘immature’…”
Sherlock ended up learning everything there was to learn about flowers, going from how poisonous some could be to their symbolism in flower language. As the night went on, John’s already unconvincing attempts at making him go to bed became more and more half-hearted and the time it took for him read a page of his book increased. Finally, around three in the morning – later than Sherlock anticipated – John fell asleep in the chair.
John Watson had decided to come to his parents’ flower shop. And Sherlock was hiding under the counter of the said flower shop. Guess his luck really had run out.
He suspected John was going to give the flowers to Mary Morstan. She seemed to be interested in John for more than the little chats they shared during lunch break and Sherlock couldn’t deny she was a nice person with interesting stories to tell. However, he couldn’t help but feel resentful about her.
That would occupy Rosie (and Sherlock) and ensure her safety (and Sherlock’s). Nothing could go wrong.
“Ah yes, I uh… I tried to bigger doses than the ones recommended. Had to make it a little more interesting.”
no one they knew would cross their path, because if they did run into someone, John would feel the need to prove his heterosexuality and manliness and would drop his hand immediately.
“Please!” And there it was, the adorable face only Watsons could pull off. He sighed in defeat and resigned himself to endure whatever Rosie had planned.
Rosie was happily telling Sherlock how her teacher had promised them to talk to them about dinosaurs today. The man was nodding or humming from time to time, only half listening to the little girl’s happy babbling and trying to get her to walk faster. He wasn’t fully awake yet. See, the previous day, he had told John he would take Rosie to school because the doctor had to be at work earlier than usual (which would happen on regular basis). But he had also kind of forgot about it until his phone had chimed and revealed a text from John himself asking if they were on their way. Luckily, Rosie was much more responsible and had set an alarm on her own, so she was already up and almost ready when Sherlock had burst through the door of his bedroom in complete panic. Not that surprising since it wasn’t the first time it happened. He often had to take Rosie to school since John and her moved (back) in 221b Baker Street.
“Shut up…” Sherlock growled while continuing the composition he was making before being interrupted, glancing at the instructions from time to time.
“You need my help to solve a murder even though I’m not even 17 and you’ve been at New Scotland Yard since the very beginning of your professional career?” This time, Sherlock did look up, only to find what he was expecting. Lestrade gritting his teeth to prevent himself from saying something that would discourage Sherlock to help him, still fidgeting with the lapel of his coat in a nervous kind of way.
Sherlock saw the corner of his older brother’s lips twitch, but he managed to keep smiling falsely as if Sherlock hadn’t said anything.
let go of Sherlock’s hand. During the last five minutes of walking that would lead them back home, Sherlock hoped and
They decided to walk back home rather than take a cab. The way John had asked if they could walk, and was often inhaling deeply as if he was going to start talking, made Sherlock believe that his friend wanted to talk to him about something. Something important judging by the nervousness of John. Which only made Sherlock nervous, something he was quite rarely.
“Why… Why would they make fun of her?” Sherlock was genuinely confused. As far as he knew, having only one parent was not something that could possibly be twisted into something that the others could make fun of. It was truly absurd.
“I wanted Mycroft to come but he couldn’t make it…” His mother looked truly apologetic and placed a hand on his shoulder.
and ignored the flush he felt on his cheeks. “Um, these symbolize devotion,” he was pointing to the few lavender strands this time. “And er, these mean ‘your love is reciprocated’…” His hand was definitely shaking as he gestured toward a purple ambrosia, and he feared John hadn’t heard the last words because of how quietly he had spoken them.
He had been repeating this same monologue in his mind over the past week. His first day had been a Saturday and Eurus had merely smirked at his absolute misery and claimed that “at least, they’d get to spend more time together and get closer to each other”. Sherlock had only glared at her and begun his sulking at the counter, while she arranged the various bouquets on the various shelves.
If you forgot about how this terrible situation was possibly the worst thing that could happen to him, he had been quite lucky this past week when it came to the flower shop. When a customer came in, there was not much social interaction needed, and the few persistent and talkative ones had been quickly discouraged by his lack of investment in the not-so-much-of-a-conversation. He could just entertain himself by deducing their whole lives and secrets and then go back to doing flower arrangements that his parents had wrote down for him. Sherlock Holmes was many things, but an artist was not one of them. If he ever tried to make a composition of his own it would most definitely come out hideous.
John started to walk away, towards the door when he turned around to look at Sherlock again. “By the way, you’ve got a ‘tiny-but-not-too-tiny purple flower’ in your hair. Looks lovely on you though.” Sherlock quickly carded his fingers in his hair and retrieved the flower before flicking it to the floor. John merely smirked at him and waved with his free hand. “See you, Sherlock.”
“I guess you could say that… My point is, we’ve reached a dead end and what you said this morning was very interesting.”
On the sofa, John looked partly shocked, partly amused the siblings’ exchange. Sherlock winked at him and it earned him a smile. Only a couple of minutes later, Sherlock’s mother arrived with a sandwich and a glass of water. “Leave your brother alone and get along with him. He is going to spend the whole week here and I would like it not to be a constant war, understood?”
“What?” Sherlock croaked. His mouth suddenly felt extremely dry and John was smiling fondly at him, his face still really close to Sherlock’s.
“She?” The DI asked following Sherlock and handing him a piece of paper with a small hole indicating it had been pinned to something.
Later this day, after John had gone home, Sherlock picked up the mop and cleaned the floor for the first time since he started working at the flower shop. But it wasn’t to thank his parents for the small celebration. And if they saw it like that, then it was a big misinterpretation and their problem, not Sherlock’s.
They both stared, until Sherlock spoke again (which he immediately regretted). “That wasn’t a question, you didn’t ask us anything Rosie.”
“No! I mean yes but no shhhhh,” Every bit of knowledge about the English language had got lost in the deepest part of his Mind Palace. He didn’t know what to say or if he should say something. It was John’s daughter dammit, why would he say that?
He took the food his mother was handing him with a muttered ‘Ta’ and ate most of it, leaving some only because of his principles.
With that, Sherlock pulled a small stool near the kitchen table for Rosie to stand on it and got behind her.
“I’ll take this one. She likes warm and bright colours but would probably kill me if I showed up with a huge bouquet with a thousand types of flowers. She’d say she feels ‘overwhelmed’ but really she’d be looking for excuses to yell at me.” John chuckled and Sherlock could do nothing else but stiffly smile at him.
After a lot of coughing and small panicking, Sherlock managed to finish eating normally while hoping everyone would forget about that embarrassing bit. Rosie had looked guilty and ha quickly ran to the kitchen to bring a glass of water in order to silently apologize. They finished their meal normally with no more choking or embarrassing question on Rosie’s behalf. That didn’t stop Sherlock from feeling extremely nervous.
John smiled again at the question and seemed to settle against the locker next to Sherlock’s as if he were staying here for a long, pleasant chat. “I wouldn’t know. She said she hated them, but you know, she’s my sister. I could buy her the thing she’s dreamt of since forever and she wouldn’t admit she liked it in front of me. I saw her smile at them though, so I guess they were okay.”
Rosie had stopped talking and was now staring a small boy kissing the cheek of his dad and letting out a quick “goodbye papa, love you” before running with his short legs through the school’s entrance. She looked back at Sherlock and tilted her head to the side as if she was trying to solve a mystery. Sherlock always felt exposed and uncomfortable under the gaze of this kid (or any other kid, seriously they’re all a little bit creepy) because it was like all his life and secrets were written on his forehead and she could figure them out effortlessly. He swallowed and nudged her toward the gates “Come on, you’re going to be late if you don’t hurry up.”
There had been some shooting and some dangerous murderer chase all around London and Sherlock had loved every single part of this rainy and what should have a boring afternoon.
important secret. Like in that spy movie remember? Spies have to keep secrets so let’s play spies.” Sherlock had learnt kids would listen better if you made a favor sound like a game or something that interested them at least a little.
He was startled by his sister coming into the shop to water some of the plants. “I’m surprised you didn’t shag right here on the counter.” Eurus always had the most neutral expressions even when saying things like that. “And they were calla lilies and wallflowers. If you ever want to impress him or something.”
“What?” Sherlock asked without taking up his eyes off the bouquet while finishing tying the ribbon around it.
When John got home, Rosie stopped calling Sherlock “papa” as they had established but she kept glancing at him knowingly as if she was very proud of their secret. At some point, Sherlock thought he saw John looking at both of them suspiciously like he knew what kind of false ideas his flatmate was putting in his daughter’s mind. This made the detective very nervous.
“Ok sure- well he’s right here so you can talk to him,” John extended his hand toward Sherlock at the same time as the latter reached forward. When their eyes met, Sherlock saw the excitement on John’s face and remembered how it had been since they worked together on a case, since they barged on a crime scene together and saw Sally’s annoyed face greeting them. So no matter how boring he would find whatever Lestrade would offer him, he would accept it. To please John. And maybe himself too.
“Well, I don’t exactly want to be working here,” Sherlock mumbled lowering his eyes again. “Flowers all have boring and stupid names, so I register them differently in my mind. These ones are ‘bell-shaped yellow flowers’ and ‘tiny four-petaled colour-changing-but-mostly-orange flowers’.” At that, the boy in front of him went on full-on laughing mode. Maybe Sherlock had eaten something bad at lunch. Maybe that was why his insides felt so weird.
“Er…” Sherlock didn’t know what his father thought of his fascination with crimes. He wouldn’t care what his parents thought if they were anyone else, but considering he lived with them and was dependent of them, he
Sherlock didn’t have much (any) experience in kissing but he tried to imitate John and assimilate what he was doing. Because if there was one thing he was experienced at, it was learning quickly.
As John approached the counter, he felt the urgent need to throw up. He had heard Eurus telling him he could have the flowers for free, so if John was going towards Sherlock who was behind the counter, it was to tell him something Sherlock did not want to hear. He had a few theories, each worse than the other. The main idea was that John, somehow, knew about his feelings and was going to let him down gently. Because John was nice like that and he cared about his friend.
“Well, that’s a… a big house,” Sherlock rolled his eyes and opened the car door, bracing himself for the rain that was still pouring. “Hey, thanks again for helping. I know who I can count on next time I need help.” Sherlock tried to conceal his smile but judging by the amused look the DI was casting him, he was failing miserably. He settled on ducking his head and clearing his throat before muttering a small ‘you’re welcome’ and getting out of the car.
He stepped inside and immediately took off his drenched coat and muddy shoes. As soon as he had ditched them, his mother pushed him gently in the direction of their downstairs bathroom.
John’s gaze (still fixed on Sherlock’s) silently asked if all of this was true. Sherlock could only nod, not trusting himself to speak any more than he already had.
He crouched down in front of her to be on her level. “Because then, Daddy would be really upset. He would be upset that I love him that way and angry that I told you, you understand?”
John looked extremely uncomfortable and Sherlock saw his sister shake her head out of the corner of his eyes. Right, so that was the wrong thing to say. The thing is, he had no clue
The bell chimed and John Watson disappeared in the street. Sherlock let out a sigh. If it was a relieved one or a Victorian-heroine-worthy one, he didn’t know and wouldn’t tell if he did.
Even later in the evening, when Sherlock and his family had gone home and he was reading one of the files John had given him, Eurus entered his room and dropped a huge pack of condoms along with a ‘Happy birthday’ card signed by both Eurus and Mycroft right before him on his bed.
John recovered quickly than Sherlock because he was the one to talk next. “Rosie! We can’t get married! Why would you suggest that!” The doctor was chuckling nervously. Sherlock couldn’t even deduce anything about his friend’s thoughts about this very idea because he was too afraid. Afraid that his (almost) perfect little life might stop being so perfect in the span of a few seconds.
“You are both insufferable.” Finally, Mycroft’s façade broke and he let out a loud, annoyed sigh, rolled his eyes and got up to walk out of the room.
“Wait! Stay here.” He ignored John’s puzzled look and rounded the counter to go to the same corner of the shop John had been a few moments earlier.
John seemed to come back to his senses. “Oh right, flowers. Uh well, I’m looking for a bouquet for my sister. I’m visiting her in um…” John looked suddenly uncomfortable and unsure. Sherlock took in his posture, his fidgeting, his staring at the decorated bottles and talked without thinking.
Not knowing how to explain to a little kid how in love he was with her father and how this nickname would mean he’s her parent, so in a relationship with her other parent and how he was not sure this other parent would appreciate it, he only avoided any explanation at all like she had done before. “Not sure he’d like it… Do we have a deal?”
It was a rainy Saturday and Sherlock had been pacing behind the counter, repeating this over and over again, ever since he had tried to get in touch with New Scotland Yard – and that had been four hours ago – about a supposed suicide that was
Sherlock was thinking fast but his fingers were moving slowly, and he was choosing the flower in an uncharacteristic, careful manner. But after all, it wouldn’t be the first he would act out of character because of John Watson.
He looked at Eurus, readying himself for another round of awkward feelings and half-faked gratefulness. She merely raised an eyebrow.
John was pale and looked as dreadful as Sherlock felt. He was walking very slowly, and Sherlock almost wanted to tell him not to bother with him and go to Mary or whoever it was he fancied – he refused to think about John
“Is it like in the movie I watched with Daddy last week, when the girl is in love with the boy, kisses him and is really sad when he goes away?”
Sherlock knew it would be useless and too long to explain the complexity of relationships between adults. “Ok uh… You don’t have to understand alright? Just don’t talk about it to anyone else. It’s like a
When he looked up, John bloody Watson was right there looking at him curiously, a small smile playing on his lips. He held his gaze for a few seconds before John broke into a grin and gasped.
3 in the morning) and if at some point John intertwined their fingers, neither of them mentioned it.
“What you said about the dead man being murdered was true and I have no bloody idea how you figured that out but if you could say that just from little bits you saw, you could help us a lot if you’d come.”
“Er, nothing,” John gulped and seemed to be debating with himself as to what he was going to say next. Sherlock waited patiently – and mostly, anxiously. “So um, you do know what they mean, right?”
to keep working in the shop. It used to be a punishment and wasn’t supposed to last that long. But since he started working there, things had changed, and Sherlock had trouble imagining his weeks without his shifts in the flower shop in the company of John and the giant rubber fig no one wanted. He didn’t complain about it anymore, and his family was clever enough not to mention it, knowing it would cause Sherlock to get defensive about it. But he would
“You work in a flower shop and you don’t know what flower you sell? What a terrible florist you are, Sherlock Holmes…” John shook his head and laughed softly.
admit he liked things as shallow as plants were. And now that this case had given him the perfect excuse to learn things about flowers, he would enjoy spending time there even more. Not that he’d tell anyone.
All the tension was released from Sherlock’s shoulder the second she disappeared through the doors. He sighed and started heading back to Baker Street while typing a text to John.
doesn’t want that…” He mumbled this part, sure that Rosie wouldn’t be able to hear it. But he was once again proven wrong by the smart girl.
A customer came in and everyone went back to their duties, with John sitting on his high wooden stool by the counter, absentmindedly drumming on it with his fingers. After the man went out and Sherlock told him goodbye as politely as he could manage, he turned to John and pointed the weird wrapped circle-shaped thing that had moved from John’s hand to the counter. “What’s that?”
There were moments like that, during which Sherlock almost believed John would return his feelings. That he would be favourable to including Sherlock in his family. It happened when he was looking at Sherlock like he was doing right then, his eyes full of tenderness, fondness and dared he believe, love.
“I, er…” Sherlock looked up and found John looking diffident and fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. “I tried to pick the most interesting ones but no matter how nice he is, Lestrade couldn’t let me spend too much time in there so maybe they’re not all great… Sorry but it’s quite difficult to find a present that you might remotely like…” John chuckled but Sherlock saw he was rather nervous.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be confused. However, he didn’t have much time to wonder what that incoherent babbling was about because John Hamish Watson’s bloody
In conclusion, he’d still like to be anywhere else but there. It was Saturday! He could load of things on a Saturday! Like trying to do the experiment that got him there in the first place again and finish it. He shouldn’t be stuck in a flower shop decorated with coloured glass bottles and posters with quotes from people he should know but doesn’t!
“It’s probably not about you. It’s something children do a lot, asking question to their parents. It’s their way to discover the world.” Yes, Sherlock knew exactly why Rosie had been talking about that to her father and yes, he had been reading a lot of articles on internet about children on internet, but John did
“Yes, Mummy…” Eurus and Sherlock said absentmindedly, as getting along with Mycroft was something they were asked to do often but never managed to accomplish. Sherlock settled (slumped) on the sofa next to John, trapping the rugby captain between him and his sister.
a murder, and a very clumsy one on top of that. It wasn’t that interesting, but the wrongness of people’s assumption had infuriated Sherlock. Besides, he had to start building a good reputation as a consulting detective.
And if he had not-so-accidentally set fire to the rug in a hallway with the same experiment that had got him working in the flower shop in the first place, and got him there a second time for a much longer span of time, well no one had the right to assume anything.
“Sherlock, I thought it was going to be a quick thing and you show up at 9 and it’s already dark and you’re-”
“-yes bring me along next time because you know if it wasn’t for me you’d die of starvation or about a thousand other ways-”
specifically! And it’s been going on for at least two weeks!” John was starting to sound really distressed. “And you know young kids can be mean to each other! What if her classmates make fun of her or something!”
“That’s amazing, really, no one likes Mr Harris and Chris is an absolute prick. It was nice not to hear his idiotic comments for once.”
The rest of the day dragged on fairly slowly for Sherlock he spent most of it mixing chemicals on the kitchen table (which resulted in one of John’s jumpers having a huge hole in its front). Soon he found himself waiting in front of Rosie’s school among parents and nannies. She arrived quickly, her blonde ponytail bouncing up and down with every step she took. Sherlock carried her small backpack for her (like every time he’d picked her up) and held her tiny hand in his much bigger own to avoid losing her in the crowd of people that surrounded the school. The little girl started explaining things about dinosaurs (creatures that seemed to be her main interest at the moment) to Sherlock and she took this job very seriously.
“Really, this one is more for me than for you,” John said, gently plucking the flower crown from Sherlock’s fingers. “I remembered how you looked that first day with the flower in your hair,” John was getting closer and lowering the flowers on Sherlock’s head. “And I wanted to see it again and I am definitely not disappointed.”
This had been his train of thought since John had come into the shop looking utterly terrified and nervous and had only cast an apologetic look at Sherlock. He then had got to watch Eurus and John talk in hushed voices in the corner of the shop where customers could compose their own bouquets. And all Sherlock could do was glare at them and ignore the sting at the back of his eyes and the invisible hand that had reached down his throat and was squeezing his heart.
“How the bloody hell did you- you know what? Never mind. Just come with me tell me as much as you can about it.” There was a pause during which Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the man standing in front of him – resulting in making him even more anxious than he already was – and waited just a few more seconds. “Please.” The DI added.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” John said. Sherlock felt all the blood leave his face and the sudden need to go hide under the counter like he once did months ago. “I have absolutely no idea what they mean…”
“John, whatever it is you want to share with me you should say it quickly because we’re nearing the apartment.” He said calmly in spite of the stress that was slowly taking over him.
“Yes, Detective Sherlock Holmes!” Rosie answered as solemnly, with a grave expression (she was taking the situation very seriously). She was wearing the same attire as Sherlock, only the pans of her lab coat were dragging on the floor and the sleeves were rolled up.
“What are you on about Sherlock?” John was looking directly into Sherlock’s eyes, his gaze full of incomprehension and… hope?
“Sherlock that is absolutely brilliant,” John started after Sherlock finished the tale of his adventures of the day. “Really, it’s amazing, I’ll never get used to your cleverness, but you can’t disappear like you did today. I was so scared something had happened to you. I thought your father was going to have an attack because of how worked up he was. He blamed himself for something that didn’t even happen… We all know you’re not exactly the most careful person when it comes to taking care of yourself."
“Yeah er… You too?” He croaked out lamely and resisted the urge to slap himself across the face. How come any trace of eloquence was instantly wiped out from his being when interacting with John Watson? Right, because that boy was attractive
He was cold, he was soaked, he hadn’t been taken seriously (as always), and John was away on a trip with the rugby team (Sherlock selfishly hoped it was ruined by the weather, wherever they went) or some nonsense like that, until late in the evening. So he couldn’t loudly complain to anyone.
“I didn’t know there was a ‘flower language’,” Sherlock turned from his desk with his swivel chair, abandoning the study of his latest experiment to face John. “Why would you ask anyway? You know I delete the things I have no use for from my mind.”
“Right,” Sherlock said cautiously as if he were expecting something to blow up in his face right this moment.
The day after, John came by the flower shop after school just to chat with Sherlock while he worked alongside his father – he and John got on really well and it made Sherlock feel all warm.
John kept his hand in Sherlock’s hair while drinking his tea and Sherlock had to battle with himself to keep the contented sighs that threatened to spill out. It took John exactly seven more minutes than usual to finish his cup of tea but as much as Sherlock wanted to believe it was because John enjoyed passing his fingers repeatedly in his friend’s hair, he was realistic and knew his sleepy state was to blame.
When Sherlock had arrived with Lestrade, the two idiots from earlier in the day had greeted him with repulsed looks and protestations. However, this time, the DI had simply ignored them and kept on listening to Sherlock unloading all the information he could deduce.
