"You know what I meant Sherlock."
But mostly, Sherlock hated how much he wanted to be loved by John Watson.
“Look at his timeline Sherlock! This man has an expiration date!”
"I thought about it, then decided to be a gentleman and meet you at the door." John reached up, hooking one of his fingers through Sherlock's belt and pulling the other boy off the step. Sherlock gasped as John pulled him in for a soft kiss. "You look gorgeous, Tiny Dancer." The color on Sherlock's cheeks darkened and he chewed on his bottom lip, brushing a piece of lint off John's shoulder. John grinned, leaning in and nuzzling against the taller boy's neck, pressing soft kisses against the skin there. "Seriously Babe, you look amazing."
As soon as his feet touched the ground, his body went rigid as intense waves of static energy coursed through him. He was distantly aware of someone screaming in pain, his name being called, and a burning feeling in the back of his throat.
John loved the curiosity of the creature, and gladly answered his questions. He found he quite enjoyed talking to Sherlock, his mind was fascinating and watching him swim amongst the stars was breathtaking.
"Have you told John how scared you are?" Sherlock nodded, digging his nails into his palms. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to, Sherlock."
“Alright, you need to go to sleep.”
“Please stop calling me a prince, and it’s not a date.” The wardrobe chuckled, a piece of the decorative woodwork coming off the front, acting as an arm, and tracing Sherlock’s cheekbone. “Are you going to help me?”
“Welcome home Love.”
“Hello Brother Mine.” One of the many voices that haunted Sherlock’s nightmares echoed through his mind, causing the panic he was fighting to swell. “Now, now, Sherlock, you know better than to fight. It will-”
Sherlock's cheeks were darker than he had ever seen them and he looked as though he was on the verge of passing out.
“Oh, look at that Sherlock, your little pet thinks he can save you! He’s dead Dr. Watson, or he will be very soon.” John ignored the lilting voice of Moriarty as he started pulling items from his duffle bag.
"J-John-"
"Sorry, I-I do that when I'm anxious." Greg grinned, his chest swelling with affection.
“Mike, you have to help me. I need to get back.”
“Not quite Captain.” John giggled, swatting Sherlock lightly on the arm. He was still lightheaded from Sherlock’s words. “I think they’re ready for us.”
“Good night Mycroft.” He heard the clock make his way out of the room, asking Lestrade if he was joining him.
"Sherlock!" He ignored John's cry and grabbed the offending boy by the shirt collar, hauling him upright and pinning him against the wall. "Sherlock, stop!"
"I love you John."
Graduating meant losing John, something he was not at all ready for.
“He’s developing an infection, but that isn’t what caused this.”
They set off, no more words shared between them.
Sherlock tried to squirm away when someone knocked at John's door, but John kept him pinned.
"Yes, Daddy." The air between them stilled, and both men froze.
"I want to taste you, suck you off before I fuck you maybe."
“So, your mother knows about how we met?”
“Hang on a minute.” The Beast sprung up from his chair, racing from the room and leaving Sherlock alone.
“Sorry Sweetheart, I’m not really into getting fucked by arachnids.” John winked at him, testing the cuffs binding his wrists. The man he knew to be The Spider chuckled, leaning in close to John and inhaling deeply.
"I like older men."
“No. We shagged a few times, but there was no feelings or commitment. It was the army, anything that happened between soldiers was nothing more than urge fulfillment. Don’t ask, don’t tell.” He shrugged, turning back to his new companion. “We’re going to have some issues getting you through the gates.”
"Yes Daddy." He whispered against John's lips, feeling the smirk that played across his lover's lips just before he felt John slip his finger inside him. He bit his lip and whimpered as his body tensed, trying to remind him that
“W-with what?”
“Yep. It’s in the fridge.” Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at the Beast. “Shut up, it’s a force of habit to collect samples.” Sherlock shrugged and wheeled himself over to one of the stations, wiping down the dust and admiring the closest microscope. “Well, I’ll leave you to it. I’ll have Mrs. Hudson bring you some tea and biscuits.”
“I have waited almost ten years for that.” He mumbled, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips and pulling him close.
"Sherlock? Please tell me you cleared off the counter like I asked-" John froze in the doorway, forcing a polite smile on his face as his eyes landed on the woman sitting across from Sherlock. "Oh, you didn't tell me we had a client." The woman ran her eyes over John's body, causing a flush to rise along his chest and neck.
The machines started to beep loudly and doctors and nurses filled the room. John’s heart had stopped again. Sherlock watched as the people fought to restart John’s heart. He could feel his own chest tightening as the minutes passed.
"Sherlock, you're overreacting-" John flinched when a shoe came flying at his head. His boyfriend spun to face him, a glare on his face that bordered on manic.
"So, is that a yes?" John laughed and leaned up, pressing a soft kiss to one of Sherlock's ridiculous cheekbones. "Oh." Sherlock gasped, pulling another laugh from John.
"Holy fuck-" John whispered, not letting go of Sherlock's hair, but loosening his grip slightly. Sherlock avoided his gaze, embarrassment turning his cheeks dark. "Listen Rufus, I've uh- I'm going to have to let you go. Bloody insatiable this one is, eh? Ta!" John hung up the phone and released Sherlock's hair, stepping back to give Sherlock some space.
“Hmm, well Sherlock, what can I help you with today?”
TRIGGER WARNING!!!! This chapter talks mostly about suicide
“Why? Does that bother you?”
"Yes, but this was not ideal." John laughed, kissing Sherlock again before stepping back, grabbing his bag and grinning up at the taller boy.
"John, why are they whistling?" John stopped and spun, pushing Sherlock against the stair banister and kissing him deeply. The Rugby team let out a chorus of approving shouts and whistles, but Sherlock was too lost in the intoxicating confidence of his boyfriend to care.
Lestrade went to talk to John next, a plan formulating in his head. He found The Beast in the Far Wing.
But I don't watch because I have an interest in the sport itself – SH
“I got sick of your moping. You have no idea how irritating it is to have to listen to you whine about John Watson for years on end.” John blushed when Sherlock looked down at him, both men suddenly becoming aware of their positions. John was kneeling in front of Sherlock, looking up at him. He quickly scrambled to his feet, his cheeks darkening as he realized just how close he was to the taller man.
“Stop it! Why are you doing this? I’ve done nothing to you!”
None at all. You can even sleep in a different room if you want – JW
"Watson-"
He finally had his ghost back, for real this time.
He stopped at the next window in time to see Moriarty raise his blade above his head, rage filling his face.
"Nothing for you to be sorry for Love, just promise you'll talk to me next time, yeah?" Sherlock smiled shyly, nodding timidly before pushing at his boyfriend's shoulders. "Alright, calm down there, Tiny Dancer."
“For fucks sake. It’s Greg you clot.”
John takes Sherlock to the family cabin for his birthday
“He wouldn’t have gotten smashed if you weren’t mad at him. Now, grab an arm.” Sherlock blinked at Greg, not moving. “Come on, I know you can grab things.”
“With what?”
“I don’t know, something about Father Time and binding his will or something.” Greg waved dismissively, wavering slightly from the amount of alcohol he had consumed. That was concerning.
He lit another match and dropped it to Sherlock’s chest.
“Stay. Please.” He smiled down at the broken man in the bed, running his fingers through the messy curls and nodding.
"So far, my favorite one seems to be going behind that dumpster there and fucking your brains out." Sherlock dropped his magnifying glass. "Think anyone would notice?"
"Spit it out Stamford. I've no time for your nervous tittering."
“That sounds confusing.” Greg said, scratching his head and looking at John uncertainly. Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed, opening his mouth to speak. John just shook his head and waved at him to continue.
"Get off me." Anderson laughed again, keeping Sherlock pinned in place with a hand against his chest. The shorter boy shook his head, pulling away from Sherlock slightly.
Once Sherlock was ready, John stood and pulled the taller boy to his feet.
Sherlock goes away for a tournament, and finds he doesn't like being away from John.
“Please don’t. I can’t do this again.”
As they sailed, the Siren asked questions about sailing and how John navigated the stars.
"I told you, I was a cock-whore in Uni, you learn some tricks over the years." John shrugged and crawled back to hover above Sherlock's now covered erection. He pumped some lube onto his hand and slicked Sherlock's erection quickly before positioning himself and starting to lower his body onto Sherlock.
Wait, actually don't tell me. I don't want that image burned in my mind - M
John had been in this house many times, he had seen these walls almost every day since the first time he had picked up his Tiny Dancer so many months ago. Tonight felt different though, there was a tension in the air, and a sadness on his heart.
“No! No, he lived. In fact, he’s awake.”
"What happened to Anderson?"
“I am not your betrothed. I don’t belong to you!” Moriarty stepped close to Sherlock, reaching up to brush the curls out of Sherlock’s face. The younger man stopped his hand before he could touch him. “Don’t touch me, you spider.” He growled, feeling an unnerving sense of fear at the anger that filled Moriarty’s face.
“A-Alright.”
John loved Christmas, the way everything smelled of cinnamon and pine, how the fireplace crackled pleasantly as he pulled his boyfriend close.
He finally escaped the small crowd and made his way to the dressing room. He needed some water and to check his phone.
“You were hit? You didn’t call? I would have come-”
“But John, I have been looking forward to fucking you all week-”
"John!" The urgency in Mikey's tone startled John out of his thoughts. His friend stopped before him, his face red and breathing fast enough for it to be unhealthy.
"Fuck-" the boy cursed as he peeled at the bandages on his ribs, whimpering as the torn skin caught on the cotton. He dropped his head back against the wall, fighting back a pained sob as his body began shaking violently.
“No. It doesn’t matter Love. No one deserves to be treated like that.” John leaned up, catching Sherlock’s lips in a kiss that felt like a slow burning fire. “I love you Sherlock.” There were a few moments of silence from the brilliant man above him, but John didn’t feel anything but more love for Sherlock.
Greg was instantly by their side, scanning his eyes over Sherlock skeptically for a moment before John saw the recognition set in. John could feel the tension pouring off his boyfriend, and saw the shame forming on Greg's face.
“I don’t care if you aren’t ready to say it back, I-I just want you- need you to know.” Sherlock sat up turning around and straddling John’s legs and kissing him deeply. “God, I’m so sorry Sherlock. No one deserves that. Fuck, I want to kill the son of a bitch!” Sherlock smiled through his tears and cupped John’s face, placing soft kisses over his lips and cheeks.
He gasped for breath, his lungs burning as the stale air hit them. He forced his eyes open, the pale light of the rising sun filling the room.
Sherlock was bored. Not that that was an unusual occurrence. The young man was always bored. There was nothing to do in the tiny town he had chosen to live in, and he once again regretted his choice.
It was an all-day shoot, and by the end of it, John was exhausted.
"I don't know Sherlock, maybe you should ask him?"
“I don’t know, he said something about yelling at the spoons.”
"You uh- you look amazing tonight." John mumbled, blushing as he noticed Sherlock's own cheeks darkening at the compliment.
“That’s right, you three numbskulls got drunk and decided to break the number one rule of dealing with Time.”
“It was an accident!” Sherlock snapped, gripping his hair tightly and tugging, fighting against the images that pulled themselves from the dark corners of his mind. “It was an accident, they weren’t supposed to be there. I was practicing my song, trying to move a meteor by manipulating the energies. A Transfer Ship went off course and got too close. The driver was- he heard-” Sherlock’s voice cracked in a sob and he tucked his knees against his chest, still tugging at his hair. “Thirty people were killed when he drove that Ship into the meteor. I was banished from my home, sent to survive among the stars.” Tears fell from Sherlock’s eyes as the faces of the people he had killed flashed through his mind.
"Call John, tell him I can't make it." Sherlock blinked away tears of guilt and shame at the thought of bailing on his boyfriend.
He could do little else but nod weakly, swallowing around the lump that was quickly forming in his throat.
“We are leaving.” Sherlock steered John towards the front door, pushing him along brusquely. “Good night all, I will call when I feel like returning for dinner.”
"Sod off Greg!" John laughed, turning back to face his boyfriend, his heart sinking as he saw the fear in the younger boy's face. "What's wrong?"
"I'm your prisoner, remember? Am I to be sent to the Brig? Or will you keep me bound here in your cabin so you can fuck me whenever you want?" John spun on his heel, glaring at Sherlock.
“Talk to me.”
"You like watching yourself play?" John laughed and settled into the chair in front of the screen, shaking his head and blushing lightly.
“You’re being rude! Do you have any idea how much shit you’ve caused today? If you scare him off you will lose your contract.”
“Hey, how’re you feeling?”
"You going to come out and give me a kiss?"
John hadn’t been lying about making him eat. Mrs. Hudson had woken him a few hours after the beast had left him alone, pulling him from his terrified dreams with gentle words and soothing sounds. He was grateful for her kindness, her mindless chattering helped him to calm down enough to keep the food down.
“What do you want Moriarty?”
"Come on then Tiny Dancer, teach me how to dance."
A kid Sherlock vaguely recognized from one of his classes stood next to him, a cheeky grin on his face and a nearly predatory glint in his eyes. Something about the boy sent an unpleasant chill through Sherlock's body and he felt John's grip on his hips tightening.
“Please let me out.”
“No worries Mate.” John hung up the phone and dropped heavily into a chair, growling and tugging at his hair. He wanted to be with Sherlock, sitting by his side until he woke. He wanted to be there when the young man came to.
"I said; I can't blame her." Sherlock snapped, the frustration on his face nearly fading to mortification as John blushed. "I-I mean- I didn't- I-I- shit." John smirked, the fondness returning to his chest as the other boy blushed deeply. "I-I should go, my apologies Mr. Watson." John gripped Sherlock's elbow as the boy tried to hurry past.
“Hang on! I’ll come to you!”
"Did you enjoy her?" John shook his head, and in the fading light, Sherlock thought he saw tears in his boyfriend's eyes. "Why not? She assured me that she was very good at a variety of things-"
Once he had recovered enough, he gently pulled out, slipping the condom off and tying it off before tossing it into the bin. He rolled onto his back, lifting his arm so Sherlock could curl against his side.
"Not if he knows what's good for him." Sherlock glanced up at his boyfriend shyly, unable to contain the smile that pulled at his lips. "You okay Love?" Sherlock nodded, letting John pull him to his feet.
"You're a nutter." He whispered fondly, playfully wrapping his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and mouthing at Sherlock's neck, making him writhe as the action tickled him.
"And what is that?" John crawled out from under the table and kissed Sherlock deeply, pulling his bottom lip between his teeth and sucking gently.
“Don’t lie to me-”
Hey Tiny Dancer – JW
Sherlock closed his computer and returned to his spot under the blankets, wiping tears off his cheeks.
“John-”
"I know I'm leaving soon, but I-I love you, and I don't want to lose you, so-" he opened the box, showing his boyfriend the ring. "Wear my ring?" Sherlock froze, blinking owlishly down at the ring box. "Sher-" John's words were cut short when the taller boy crashed into him, winding his arms around John's torso and burying his face in his neck. John laughed, pulling his dancer close. "That's a yes, then?" Sherlock pulled back, threading his fingers in John's hair and kissing him deeply.
"Well, I wouldn't say that." Sherlock's head sprang up almost comically and he stared at John with wide, shocked eyes, his lips parted slightly. "I mean, I'm seventeen. A bit early to be deciding something that important, no?" Sherlock seemed to be frozen, the only movement was the rapid blinking. "You alive over there?" Sherlock shook his head, snapping his jaw shut and blushing.
The ground began to shake as thunderous footsteps approached.
He wrapped a hand around Sherlock's erection, feeling the hard flash in his grasp twitch at the contact as the younger man neared his climax.
“The game is on.”
He made his way out of the room, quietly walking down the hall. The ceilings were high, the walls filled with detailed paintings and intricate tapestries. He studied the artwork with a sense of awe, wandering the halls aimlessly.
"If you insist." The words flew from his mouth before he could stop them and he instantly regretted it. John turned to him, the confusion on his face evident in one of those adorable expressions he tended to get.
It should have frustrated Sherlock, but all he could focus on was the determined look on his boyfriend's face. John was trying so hard to help him, struggling through each step just to make Sherlock happy.
John watched as Sherlock’s eyes hardened and braced himself for death.
“That’s a little weird.” John gasped as Sherlock spun him in his arms, catching his lips in a searing kiss. He moaned softly as Sherlock’s skilled tongue licked gently into his mouth.
"I-I never knew-"
"What do you need John? Tell me what you want."
“Yeah. Wait, is he dating Greg? As in, Greg With The Clipboard? The one you keep calling Gavin?”
He quickly wrapped his hand and uttered the spell, lighting a match and dropping it in, watching as the herbs started to burn. There was a flash of light and puff of smoke and Sherlock cried out.
He stifled a cry when he felt a cold, slick finger press against his entrance.
The Spider’s ship was looming closer.
“What happened? Where’s John?”
“Will you please lie down now?”
John bit back a scream of agony when Moriarty spun him, dragging his broken knee on the ground and making the bones crunch. He hung his head and refused to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
"It's uh, it's fine." John felt his own face darken and rubbed the back of his neck, offering Sherlock a shy, lopsided grin as the boy started walking away. His eyes wandered down to the boy's arse before he could stop them, and he rubbed his face with his hands, sighing heavily.
“Christ-”
"Shut up and come to bed." John emphasized his point by biting down on Sherlock's earlobe. The detective whimpered softly, tilting his head to allow the doctor access.
“Oh, pish-posh my dear. Where do you think, my son learned his deductive skills?” She winked and walked away, leaving John in a state of shock. Sherlock looked as flustered as John felt and the soldier stepped forward, gritting his teeth.
"Do you?" Sherlock blushed, nodding slightly. "Okay, so what's freaking you out so much?"
He was hanging off the tallest tower, scrabbling for purchase against the roof. Moriarty stood above him, blade in hand, apparently talking to The Beast.
“It’s alright. You can call me John when we aren’t filming.” Sherlock looked at his hand, then back up at him, his eyes wide and lips parted in shock. “Something wrong? No touching before filming or something?” John asked, unable to hide the amusement in his voice. Sherlock blinked rapidly and snapped his jaw shut, straightening his posture. He reached out and shook John’s hand, his fingers colder and rougher that John had pictured.
When he was finally cleared to go home, John had to fight to get the whiny man out of the building without pissing off the entire staff.
They stopped before the classroom, Sherlock turning to face the boy that had escorted him to class. He was short, shorter even than John, with a round face and stocky features.
TRIGGER WARNING!!!! This chapter talks about torture in detail so be prepared.....
"Seriously? How many kinds of bees are there?"
“I’m studying to be a forensic pathologist.” Sherlock was impressed, Molly seemed to know what she was doing. “What did he mean by John having an expiration date?” Sherlock felt a weight settle on his shoulders as he looked once more at John’s short timeline.
“Huh?”
"This is Sherlock."
I plead the fifth – SH
I know you have my card – M
Sherlock heaved a deep breath and hummed a low note, releasing the energies from their manipulated form.
“How do you know it’s a he?”
"J-John-"
“Shut up!” He growled, pulling violently at his curls and cursing his weak state. In the last twenty-four hours, he had already attempted to finish what he started last time, but that nagging voice in his head kept pulling him away from the brink. “If this John Watson is so in love with me, then why isn’t he here?”
They had less than two weeks left together, and Sherlock intended to make the most out of every minute.
"Don't argue with me, Tiny Dancer. You need to rest."
“Shut up.”
“John, no. Please!”
"You- you mean-"
"J-John?" Something passed over they boy's face, a hint of sadness in his steel eyes as he rubbed the back of his neck.
Their eyes met and John hesitated, reading a hint of fear there.
“So, do you always greet people like that or is it just me?” A vaguely familiar voice cut through the pain that was clouding his mind. He knew that voice. It was older, rougher, but unmistakable. He spun around, taking in the image before him.
“God, he must be so mad at me.” Greg turned to the ghost, not missing the fear that filled Sherlock’s eyes. “I tried to kill myself. The first time I did that-”
"Oh! Christ, I'm so sorry! I-I didn't- I didn't realize-" John stepped further away from Sherlock, processing the new name in his mind. "S-So you-you're-"
“Will you be mine, Sherlock Holmes?”
John’s eyes widened, as he read those words.
"You're right, he is attractive." John felt his cheeks burn as he found himself pinned against the counter, Brittany pressing against his front and leaning in to latch onto his ear.
"Y-Yes." John glanced back at the computer, the smirk on his face making Sherlock's ear burn.
“Because you are a child that can’t stand to be told he can’t touch something?”
Sherlock hated John Watson.
“We can’t live in a single moment John. Time would shatter.”
"Having fun Greg?"
“John needs you!” He shouted, punching Dying Sherlock again, once more hearing the distant wail of monitors. “For fucks sake! Fight! John Watson needs you!” The castle started crumbling faster, the walls disappearing around them. “Please. You think it was lonely before, you have no idea how much it hurts knowing that you failed John Watson.” He whispered, knowing it was too late. His body had died. He could feel himself fading away. “I’m so sorry John.”
He needed to think.
“What do you need?”
"They attacked Sherlock."
Sherlock’s scream echoed through the air. He came back.
“You should put that on a t-shirt.” The Beast winked at him and turned, walking away. “Come on. You need to get back to your room and sleep. I’ll give you the full tour tomorrow.”
It had only been an hour since John left, so when Sherlock felt the phone in his pocket start to vibrate, he scrambled to answer. Maybe John had changed his mind.
“Sher- Sherlock-”
“That tail of yours for one. Siren’s are considered dangerous to most people. They might put up a fight if they see your tail.”
"No, I'm alright. I want to talk to you."
"Jo-hn-" Sherlock shifted his hips, his erection brushing the underside of John's own, sending a shock of arousal along his spine. A growl escaped John's chest as he hurried to roll the condom on, slicking himself thoroughly and using his fingers to press more of the slick into Sherlock's body.
“Are you fucking kidding me?”
“The Hobbit.” He whispered, feeling an inexplicable surge of nostalgia. He felt as though he had read the book before, but it had never been a part of Mike’s collection.
“Wait, there are three of you?”
“I’m sorry John.”
“Wh-where-”
John was wavering slightly, his jaw tight with pain as he winked at Sherlock. The cuffs were off his wrist, sending a shock of alarm through Sherlock's body.
“People are idiots.” John laughed, feeling less self-conscious as Molly started his makeup. “You have no need to be ashamed of your scar, John. It’s-” Sherlock blushed deeper, shuffling his feet and tugging at his sleeves. “I-It’s-”
“It’s part of the curse. Every day, a part of the castle falls, my staff becomes less human, and I get closer to damnation.”
He helped Sherlock limp to the curb and hailed a cab. Sherlock told the driver the address and John checked the bandages on the laceration. The whole ride home, Sherlock’s hands kept wandering too far up John’s thigh, pulling at his shirt and trying to unbuckle his belt.
Sherlock stood in front of the school announcement board, reading the latest bulletin and fussing with his biology textbook. Graduation was in three weeks, and the whole school was buzzing about it.
The fall. He had fallen from his boat. He should be dead, not alive and choking on excess energy.
Introducing Mystrade into this fic here lol...another one of my OTPs Enjoy<3
"No, I believe I said something about fucking your brains out, which I clearly did."
“I-It’s data on a Soul Scan. I-I don’t understand, it has my name under the patient info.”
He maneuvered his way effortlessly through the waves of energy, twisting and turning amongst the stars. He winced as his tail brushed against a massive rock that was falling through the storm, a handful of his dark scales rubbing off on the stone.
It didn't hurt, not as much as Sherlock had been anticipating, but it wasn't pleasant. His body tightened around John's finger, trying to push him out.
He was in a huge room, the walls lined with shelves upon shelves of books. The entire ground floor was a lab, filled with expensive scientific equipment and supplies.
It took Sherlock nearly a week of searching to find another lead. The ring he was tracking was well-organized and efficient, every time he got close, they would disappear, leaving at least one of the boys to freeze to death in the streets.
"George can wait." John laughed, kissing Sherlock softly once more before stepping around the taller boy, pinching his arse cheekily as he made his way out of the room.
“Of course, Cheekbones. Can’t have you showing up to your first date looking like that, now can we?”
She sat next to Sherlock and handed him the bag.
"And whose fault is that?"
“Nope, and they aren’t my friends.”
"Hey boys!" A voice that Sherlock didn't recognize broke through the haze that had begun to cloud his mind, making him flinch and send an irritated glare towards whoever had interrupted their moment.
"I don't care. I won't lie to you Love, there are some days I miss sex, but then I see you sitting there, playing with whatever dead thing Molly has supplied you with," John brushed a hair out of Sherlock's eyes, his own a mix of pain and love. "I don't need any more than what we have. I don't need some random woman to come in and get me off, I can do that myself." Sherlock blushed, remembering the one time, at the beginning of their relationship, when he had accidentally burst into the bathroom on John.
"Do you want it to be a date?" Sherlock wanted to say yes, but the memory of how much Victor had hurt him pressed at the back of his thoughts, making him hesitate.
“You died?”
“Please tell me you want this as badly as I do John. Tell me I haven’t misread this.” Sherlock whispered, looking slightly helpless. John grinned and pulled the younger man down for a tender kiss. “Tell me what I can do, John. Please, tell me.” Sherlock spoke through gentle kisses, and John felt a spark of excitement light in his gut.
In the one minute and thirty seconds it took for John to appear at the door, Sherlock nearly ran six times. But then John was there, his eyes bright and face split in a charming grin, and the ball of nausea that had formed at the back of Sherlock's throat started to ease slightly.
“I just wanted everything to stop. You have no idea what it is like living with a mind like mine, telling you every dirty little thing it picks up about whoever crossed my path. So, I stopped it.” John wanted nothing more than to hold the young man.
"God, you're gorgeous like this Love." John mumbled, pressing wet, sucking kisses against the younger boy's neck. He felt Sherlock start to tremble as he finally freed the boy from his sheet, throwing the fabric onto the floor and moving his lips to mark his chest.
“He’s not coming.” Moriarty gripped his throat roughly, making him squirm some more.
The Prince loved him.
“It would be worth it if it meant I could kiss you again.” Sherlock flushed, seemingly flustered by the terrible line.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson."
He adjusted the pliant body beneath him, lifting one of Sherlock's long legs over his shoulder and positioning the other around his hip, lining himself up so just the head of his erection slipped into Sherlock's body. When he felt Sherlock squirm, trying to press against John further, he shifted his grip, pinning the other man to the bed roughly, smirking down at him.
"S-Sorry- sorry- no, don't leave! Just, since when do you talk like that?" Mycroft blush deepened and he smiled sheepishly.
"Why don't you go see if Mrs. H will watch Rosie tonight? I think you and I need to talk." John said, smiling dangerously up at Sherlock, who would have rolled his eyes if the doctor hadn't reached around him and pinched his arse.
"Are you alright? They didn't-"
“You’re going to have to do better than that if you want me to cave.”
“If I’ve guessed our location correctly, I’d say about eight days.” Sherlock nodded and listened as John stood, walking to the end of the boat and preparing to set sail again.
“Molly, I swear to fucking God!”
“I-I need an outfit. I am supposed to meet John in the ballroom soon and I was told I needed to dress appropriately.”
His lips were red and swollen, glistening with saliva and pre-come. His normally pale eyes were darkened with lust, the pupils blown wide.
“Exactly. Now, please let me help you. You are losing blood and I’m really concerned about your wrist. I’m going to let you go now, will you behave long enough for me to fix you up?” Sherlock nodded, breathing a sigh of relief as the weight disappeared from his chest. The Beast nodded and placed the case on the bed next to Sherlock’s head, pulling it open and rifling through.
“Hello? Sher? Where the hell are you? Yes. Yes, he is. Hold on.” She handed the phone to John, looking suddenly very concerned. “He wants to talk to you.” John grabbed the phone, fighting the swell of nerves that gripped his chest.
Then he climbed onto the bed beside John.
“No, it doesn’t, my grandfather taught me Latin when I was a boy-”
“Mycroft-”
"I'll be right back." John whispered, pulling himself from Sherlock's grip and giving him a soft kiss before leaving.
One day, while John was helping him sort through files for a case, John knocked over a stack of files, scattering the newly organized papers across the sitting room floor.
"My family was never very big on movies when I was growing up, and Victor-" Sherlock's chest tightened at the mention of his abusive ex, and he cleared his throat, trying to ignore the pain. "H-He was never a fan of Christmas." Sherlock felt the pity pouring off John, and his mouth filled with a bitter taste.
SMUT WARNING!!!
“How- what- what happened? Do the doctors know?”
He couldn’t breathe.
"His name is Greg, and don't you dare finish that sentence." Sherlock laughed and hurried into his brother's old room, digging through the drawers until he found a shirt that would still fit his brother. He made his way back into his room and threw the shirt at Mycroft.
When he came down the next morning, the whiteboard was blank. He sighed, rolling his eyes and going about making his morning tea. There was a rustling behind him and he turned to see the whiteboard marker hovering in the air in front of the whiteboard.
They chatted about bees and music and art for hours, Sherlock starting to let his walls down a little more each time John laughed.
"That's the idea, Anderson." He mumbled, sending a flash of glee through John. Anderson rolled his eyes, continuing to sort through the seemingly endless stacks of files. "There has to be something in here, something that we missed."
“You don’t find John attractive?”
“Jesus Sherlock. What the fuck were you thinking?”
Sherlock looked nervous, pulling at his jacket and glancing around the ornate room. John stepped closer, rubbing the back of his neck and running one of his fangs along his bottom lip. He had learned a long time ago to not bite his lip.
"Bullshit." Sherlock flushed, glaring at the floor between his feet. "Listen, yours and John's sex life is none of my business, and frankly I really don't want to know, but I'm telling you it's a bad idea." Sherlock felt his chest tighten unpleasantly and he blinked rapidly, trying to stop the tears from falling. He heard Lestrade stand and walk around to stand next to Sherlock, gripping his shoulder tightly, trying to comfort him.
"M-My sister? What- what are you talking about? I don't- who the fuck are you?" The boy reeled back, tugging at his hair and breathing irregularly.
"Fuck off Harry!" John threw a book at the far wall and pulled Sherlock close.
They parted ways far too soon, Sherlock could have stayed talking to John until Mrs. Hudson closed the store, but the other man had to work.
"You got accepted into the basic training program." John dropped his hand, pain and sadness washing over him. Sherlock kept his eyes fixed on the seat in front of him, blinking rapidly as his breathing became shaky. "Wh-When do you start?"
"Alright Love?"
"Sher-Sherlock- there was a fight- in- in the studio-" John slammed his books shut, grabbing his bag and racing past Mikey, his thoughts a mix of anger and concern for his boyfriend.
“Well Sherlock, I don’t think we were properly introduced last time. My name is John Watson.” The shorter man stepped forward, reaching out his hand. Sherlock hesitated before reaching out his own. As their skin touched, electricity sparked between them, causing them both to pull their hands apart. “What the fuck was that?” Sherlock felt a jolt of fear lance through him.
"Look at what he has done to you, made you into a mindless, anger-fuelled drone-" Sherlock drew his hand back, preparing to punch Jim for his words, but found himself dragged backwards, forced to stumble away from the other boy.
"Hope I'm not interrupting boys." The vaguely familiar voice of one of John's Rugby mates made Sherlock's cheeks burn even darker with embarrassment.
“Hang on Sherlock.” John reached into the bowl and pulled out a handful of ashes, packing them into the wound on Sherlock’s chest. He fought to hold the man down as he writhed and screamed in pain. John watched as the bullet slid out of his chest and rolled to the ground. He packed more ashes into the wound and sat back, praying that would be enough.
“I don’t know, for fun?” John chuckled, taking a swig of his beer as his friend took his place beside him. Molly made her way into the room, a bottle of wine in one hand and two glasses in the other. “Drinking for two tonight eh Molly?” Greg chided, causing the girl to blush.
John finally managed to get his giggles under control, kneeling in front of his boyfriend and digging the lanky boy out from the folds of his sheet and pressing soft kisses to his nose and lips.
“I sent a notice that you would be arriving at E6 to complete some tasks for me and would require full access to any equipment you desire.” Greg’s voice was soft and full of something Sherlock had a tough time placing. “You shouldn’t have any issues and if you do, just have them call me.”
When their tongues met, something changed, the kiss moved from soft and comforting, to desperate and heated.
There was no denying the fact that John was well on his way to developing a crush on Sherlock, and apparently Harry knew about it.
“I missed you too John. I’m so sorry.” John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and grinned down at him.
“Good night Sherlock. I love you.” John was asleep almost as soon as he finished his statement.
"How?" Sherlock mumbled against John's neck, still trying to understand what was happening.
Confusion and anger coursed through his mind when he saw what the boys were laughing at.
“Hmm, I can see why he likes you so much, such a lovely voice. Has he heard you scream yet?” John laughed, the sound empty to even his own ears, and swayed his body gently, praying he was reading the man’s words correctly.
"Do you think John is unhappy?" Lestrade somehow managed to look even more uncomfortable as he patted the back of Sherlock's shoulder.
"Sherlock, look at me." He shook his head, wiping a tear off his cheek. A hand gripped his elbow, trying to turn him around. "Sherlock please-" John spun him, pulling a gasp from the taller boy as he was crowded back against the mirror. Sherlock tilted his head back, trying to hide the bruise that Anderson had left on his chin. "Christ Babe, did he-"
He used his Med Scanner to check the Siren for any internal injuries, when he found none, he moved on to repairing the external ones he could find. Once he finished with Sherlock’s wounds, he checked himself for any damage. He found only minor abrasions and bruises.
"I don't remember saying anything about getting ice cream."
“Yes. With my life. Please Mike.” The Librarian nodded, stepping back around to untie Sherlock. As soon as his wrists were freed, he sprung to his feet, only to nearly fall to the floor. Mike caught him before he fell, propping him up against the nearest wall.
“John! John please listen to me!” Sherlock fought with the screaming man, trying to pull him out of whatever spell the Spider’s ship had him under. “John please! I can’t sail this ship, you need to listen to me!” The wail of The Spider’s ship increased, and John screamed louder, his nails digging bloody furrows into his skin.
"Fuck me." He demanded, pulling a whine from Sherlock. When the detective didn't respond to his request, John sat up and grabbed at Sherlock's hips, tugging him close and latching on to one of his nipples. Sherlock gasped and gripped John's hair. "I said; fuck me." John sent Sherlock a cheeky grin that made the taller man giggle breathlessly.
"So do I." Sherlock's hands started shaking as he recognized the edge that crept into John's tone. "Want to hear some of them?"
“Hey Mate! How’re you feeling?” John blinked against the harsh hospital lighting, pushing himself into a sitting position.
“Let him go.”
“So, looks like I have managed to bind the great Father Time.”
"I-I'll pay you-" Sherlock laughed, spinning to face the woman as he scanned his eyes over her.
"Please don't finish that thought." John laughed again, tugging Sherlock close and kissing him deeper than strictly necessary. He smirked when the dancer whimpered against his lips, leaning into the kiss slightly. He broke the kiss when Sherlock was slightly breathless, resting their foreheads together and closing his eyes, fighting back the swell of emotion that tried to push at the back of his mind. "I love you John."
"Tell your Captain I wish to speak to him, if you have the brain cells left to do so." John smirked, stepping closer to the young man and signalling for his crew to cut him down.
“Yep. The doctors said I was gone for a solid seven minutes this time. Mycroft said that time and fate had fully removed themselves from my body when he put me back in.”
"Oi! Love-birds! Think you can keep your tongues to yourselves for a few minutes so we can open gifts?" John broke the kiss and glanced at his Mum, who was focused on digging gifts out from under the tree, before playfully flipping Harry off, laughing and ducking as she threw a pillow at them.
“No! Sherlock isn’t dead! He’s just unconscious, he could wake up any day now-” Mycroft pushed himself to his feet, slamming his hand down on the desk and sending his Head of Security a glare that silenced his protests.
“No. I’ve known him for five years. I’ve been doing this for three.” John fought the urge to physically react. Sherlock was so young, he must have been barely eighteen when he started. “I’m not as young as I look John.” At John’s confused expression, Sherlock winked, placing his hands on John’s hips and pulling the shorter man closer. “Everyone always reacts the same when they find out how long I have been filming.” John fought every fibre of his being to not pull Sherlock down and snog his brains out. “Just try to contain yourself for another few minutes Captain Watson.” Sherlock’s voice got dark and he leaned down, his lips brushing against John’s ear as he spoke. “I guarantee you it will be worth the wait.” John felt his knees get weak and he whimpered.
“What the hell-”
“Mike, I don’t under-”
“It’s an old spell, it was just for dramatic effect.” John laughed, finishing up with Greg’s hand and moving on to Molly.
“My Love, you started melting me the first day we met.”
“You weren’t there.” John gaped up at the man, not fully comprehending what he was saying.
There was some movement at the end of the bed, but Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the ceiling.
“You have to leave.”
“Who are you?”
They sat in silence for a while, not really knowing what to say.
“Hey Greg!”
"I bet Greg that I could make you lose your composure before he made Mycroft lose his."
.” Sherlock whispered, smiling softly at the confusion that crossed John’s face. “It means My Love in Old Latin.”
“Disappointed?”
"Like anyone would want to date you. Seriously though, if you miss me that much-" Sherlock gasped as the phone was wrenched from his hand, John spinning away from him and pressing the speakerphone button.
“You Know, I’m fine with you taking a few days if you need it every once a while, but this is ridiculous.”
"Yes, please John. Fuck- please!" John laughed and caught Sherlock's lips in a rough kiss, biting at his lips and sucking on his tongue as he tugged Sherlock trousers and pants off.
Sherlock and John set up Greg and Mycroft
"This is only the third volume. I own all ten." John's jaw dropped and he stared at the book in awe.
"-and I may not know anything about sex, but I'm a fast learner-" His sentence was cut off by John's lips pressing against his own, shutting his mind off for a few moments, and letting him re-focus on John.
"How dare you? I am not obtuse! I am more of an acute-" Sherlock kissed him again, pushing him back against the car and pressing against him.
"John? What's happening? Have you brought me out here to kill me?" John laughed, putting the car in park and winking at his boyfriend.
“Y-yes I’m fine. Everything’s fine. Sh-should I go talk to John?” This was new territory for Sherlock and he had no idea what to do.
“Why should I, Time? What makes this one any different than Moriarty?” Sherlock felt a flash of frustration at her words. John wasn’t Moriarty, he would never hurt Sherlock or any other Entity.
"Yeah, because you woke me up at three in the morning to ask if I was happy." Sherlock blushed, avoiding John's gaze and picking at the edge of his blanket. "Babe, what's wrong?"
“What type of person does John, as you say; ‘usually go for then?’” Sherlock’s curiosity won out over the discomfort of conversing with Mike.
“Sh-Sherlock-”
“I never mentioned the torture.” He whispered, his voice soft and timid. John smiled sadly and sat back on his heels, grabbing his Med Bag and pulling out the set of ID tags he kept there and handing them to the siren. Sherlock read the tags, looking back at John with understanding and pain in his eyes.
As he neared, he could hear the cries of men and see the flickering torches surrounding the castle doors.
"John, you are distracting me." John's hand has worked its way into Sherlock's shirt and was slowly making its way along his chest. He could feel the detective starting to squirm under his hands and smirked.
“John? What’s going on?”
"But he didn't, so there's no reason to be so upset." John sniffled, nodding slightly as Sherlock wiped the moisture from his cheeks. "I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere. Not for a little while at least." John nodded again, leaning up to capture Sherlock's lips in a soft kiss. "Can we go home now? I'm hurting, and I really want to test a theory I have about adrenaline." John cocked an eyebrow up at his boyfriend, his suspicion confirmed as the boy blushed and chewed on his lip shyly. "I-I read something in biology the other day, and I want to test to see if it's accurate." John laughed, shaking his head and kissing his boyfriend again.
"I can't believe you've never seen White Christmas! It's a classic!" Sherlock had no idea how they had gotten onto the topic of Christmas movies, but he couldn't bring himself to care one way or another. "My Mum and I watch it every year. That and Miracle on 34th Street."
“The thought of living, of fighting through every day like I have since I was a teen, makes me so tired. I don’t want to do it anymore.” John continued to press kisses to Sherlock’s lips, even though the Siren was fighting every urge to respond. John was the only being in the universe that could shut Sherlock’s mind down with just a kiss and he knew it. “Tell you what, let’s go get that burn healed, then I will give you one week to try to talk me out of it-”
“I told you not to come.”
"It's your fault."
“It’s not like the dramatizations, is it little brother?” A voice cut through his mind, the ghostly image of a man, not much older than himself, appearing before him. “There’s no huge spurt of blood, you don’t go flying back into the wall. It just, happens.”
Greg                      "Uh, okay... What did you and daddy talk about with me and your uncle Myc?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, wondering what the hell had gone on since I'd been using the treadmill and shower.
Greg                      "What are we even doing here Sherlock? We still have other leads to follow." I say as I stood beside him with my arms folded, no reply coming from the flat and I wondered if she'd fled.
Mycroft                 I shifted my legs around him, changing the angle of my hips so that he was stroking my prostate with each thrust. "Oh, yes... like that... oh, Greg..." I gasped, until I pulled him down for a rough kiss, muffling my cry as my orgasm washed over me, ropes of sticky cum covering both our chests.
Greg                      I look up from my phone to see a special report underway, it going through what happened at Parliament and now what was being shown on WikiLeaks. I frowned and glanced over at Mycroft.
Mycroft                 "When I was young, I loved to cook. I could see myself as a chef... specifically, a pastry chef." I said. "Either that, or an artist. I love to draw..." I said wistfully.
Sherlock               There's a lower register in my voice that's hardly reached but my husky murmur taps right into it, "Show me how I will pleasure you in time to come. Do this for me John. I need to learn."
Rosie                     I put one leg between the bar and try to slide out.  "Tank you." Bee gives Gayg a kiss. When he sets me down I say "k. Turn round. I'm good." If mastered the cold bowl routine and can do it on my own... Mostly.
Mycroft                 "Sherlock used to get that way with the various insects he'd find as a child. I don't remember him being that hyper, though." I laughed.
Mycroft                 I brushed my lips over his neck, tracing behind his ear with the tip of my tongue. "You have a beautiful voice, Greg," I purred in his ear.
Anthea
in my head, my mouth reaching over to take more of the spoon in my mouth then I meant to. It probably looked awful, but I sat back with a huge grin and licked my lips to get rid of the chocolate from the spoon.
Greg                      "I will, I promise and I'm really sorry again." I wipe a hand over my face with the soft look he gave me, my head going into my hands when I sat down on the edge of the bed as he left. I calmed myself down and went about settling into my suite for the rest of the day and evening.
Greg                      I looked up at him as he stifled the moan with his arm and I wrapped my hand around the base as I licked a long stroke up his cock. I could feel him twitching, his muffled sounds ringing in my ears as I then took his head in my mouth.
Sherlock               Shaking my head I gesture back the way we come, hissing, "Of course it's my business. He's my brother and that's my inspector. Things could go either horribly right or horribly wrong."
Sherlock               I'm quiet now, letting John handle things in his calm, efficient doctor voice
Greg                      "It’s all right, I fell asleep too... you comfy there?" I had gently opened my eyes a couple minutes before him when I'd felt something on my hand and saw he had put his head in my lap. I brushed his cheek lightly, watching how at peace he looked until he had woken up.
Greg                      "Gel-a what?" I frown as I come out from the bathroom and found him to be beaming from ear to ear. I’m guessing he'd found something.
Mycroft                 I yelp loudly as he moves my shoulder around. I've obviously lost a lot of flexibility over the past month.
Mycroft                 "I suppose. I don't expect we will be confined to house much longer, actually - Sherlock seemed to be making significant headway on solving the case."
Peter                     I knew Mark had been a bit jumpy about what we were doing, but he was apparently taking his part in this to a whole new level. I suspect he'd seen one too many spy movies. Before I can say anything else I feel a heat and sudden pang in my chest and time slows down. It feels like an eternity before I hear the gun actually go off, and by then I've begun falling back. Back into someone's arms. Oh yes, Greg's arms. I barely register Mark running out of the office.
James Morgan            "What bring you here, Dr. Watson?"
Sherlock               I'm walking backwards for some reason, muttering to myself with a stapler in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other, peering up and down the corridor before bumping into someone and swinging around, fixing them with a confused little nose squint
John                      “Alright.” I put fresh gauze down and tape him up. “I want have a look at the sutures on the exit wound. Are you ready to sit up?” I hold out my hand to help him up.
James Morgan      "So smart that it was -me- that asked him out first?" Looking towards John...
Sherlock               I keep my head down, nestled in her curls. My voice is steady though, soft, "Hello John."
Mycroft                 I nodded at Greg slightly. "You have nothing to worry about, Sherlock."
John                      “Yes. She wasn’t happy that her Papa wasn’t there to tuck her in, but she went down.” I look over at Sherlock. “You were meant to be drinking that. You need the fluids.” I glare at him, but my eyes show sympathy and love.
Sherlock               My arms are filled with the rather boring and trite books that were dropped off in the hopes my brother would read them, as well as bundles of his pajamas, looking around for a bag to stuff them in, "You'll feel so much better when you're home, brother. Trust me. This place is filled with quacks and idiots"
Mycroft                 "I hope I can live up to the fantasy," I replied. Although my only experience with oral sex was receiving it - and not recently - it was a fairly simple matter to translate that into giving it. The sounds Greg made when I licked his shaft slowly and when I lapped at the precum at the tip, gave me a good idea what he liked, as well. I took the head in my mouth, and looked up at him to see his reaction.
Greg                      "Do you actually want to get better and get back to work? You won't have me following around you then, moaning at you like a mother." I held out my hand for the pack, giving him a stern look.
Rosie                     "S'Kay. Auntie Antea will take me. She takes me to all the fun places. She's super sweet and fun and nice and smart and dresses so pretty and let me eat all the candy and ice cream I want."
Sherlock               Rolling my eyes, I stumble back as John tugs me over to Greg again, "Trousers are boring."
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer."
They returned to John’s vessel and Sherlock used his song to hide them.
"I love you." He mumbled, his cheeks burning with embarrassment as e slowly came back to reality. Even though they had been intimate, Sherlock still felt uncomfortable initiating physical contact. John grinned and leaned up, catching Sherlock's lips in another kiss, leaving the dancer breathless and dizzy.
“How is this good John? I should be dead!”
“John Watson is no longer influenced by time or fate. You have no timeline Dr. Watson, feel free to exist with Sherlock until you get bored of him or vice versa.” With that, Mycroft was gone, leaving John and Sherlock alone once more.
"My apologies, I'll be leaving now." Sherlock reached for his phone, but John gripped it tightly and slid it into his back pocket, shaking his head. "J-John-"
They both keened as he sank down, taking a moment once he was fully seated to adjust to the overwhelming sensations before John started rocking.
"Oil. Desk drawer. Your left." He muttered against Sherlock's lips and he fought with his own trousers. Sherlock reached behind and fumbled with the desk drawer, growling in frustration when he couldn't find the little pot of oil. John chuckled and leaned across the desk, digging in the drawer until he found the oil.
Pale eyes opened to blinding white lights and machines wailed.
John set Sherlock down on the bench just outside the studio and set about cleaning and re-wrapping Sherlock's feet.
Sherlock watched his friend as he spun, the lights from his imaginary galaxy glittering in his dark eyes. There was a child-like joy on his face and it made Sherlock’s heart light. He wanted to give John that joy again, he wanted to give John a reason to live.
“Do you have any idea how worried I’ve been? How much I’ve missed you? I thought-” John choked on his words, blinking back tears. “I thought you’d left me. I thought you’d changed your mind.” Sherlock looked up at John, chewing on his lip and shaking his head.
"I-I- in my experience it's best-"
As his awareness increased, John took stock of his body, counting the wounds and trying to figure out what had happened.
"John, we should get dressed." John groaned again leaning in to kiss his boyfriend deeply again before pushing away.
“Sorry?”
John caught the eyes of his husband and felt his heart swell. Sherlock looked utterly debauched, his shirt hanging open and chest heaving. There was a lovely flush to his skin and he was covered with a thin sheen of sweat. John took him in deeper and pressed his finger more firmly against his entrance, causing the younger man to keen and buck his hips lightly.
John was shocked out of his thoughts by his phone ringing. He really needed to remember to change the ringtone.
“No, I can feel him manipulating the energy in the flat, so he has power. He’s just ignoring me.” John sipped the cold beer that had been placed in front of him, determined to not leave the pub until he was too drunk to miss Sherlock. “I miss him Greg.” John’s friend looked at his own beer awkwardly, still not fully sure how to handle John and Sherlock’s relationship.
Sherlock covered his mouth with his hand, blinking back tears as he remembered the panic in the boy's face.
They ran through the streets of London, giggling like children and never releasing one another's hand.
“God, Sherlock you are gorgeous. Look at you, so desperate to come. Do you want to come Sherlock?” The younger man nodded, rocking his hips into John’s fist desperately. John stilled his hand and stopped Sherlock’s hips, earning a whine from him. “I asked you a question.”
“You’ve fought The Spider before?”
"Fuck me, that was hot."
"You were, and have always been my best friend John. I loved you then and I love you now." He leaned down and gently kissed John again, simply a chaste press of the lips that sent John's head reeling. "Please don't make me kill you, John. Please, I couldn't do it." Sherlock kept kissing John softly, the shorter man frozen in shock.
"Bottom." John nodded and pushed at Sherlock's collarbone gently, guiding him back so he was lying in the middle of the bed. John made quick work of their trousers and pants before stopping completely, staring down at Sherlock with a look that made him squirm. "H-Have you e-ever-" John shook his head, his cheeks dark and eyes unsure.
“You won’t make it, Dear John.” Moriarty growled above him, drawing John’s attention from the young man. “Did I forget to mention? If I can’t have him, no one can.” Moriarty reached around the back of his trousers and pulled out a shiny silver pistol.
"So?"
"Come one Love, I'm sorry I laughed at you." John nuzzled along Sherlock's cheekbone, gently pushing aside the sheet to uncover his torso, trailing gentle kisses down his neck and across his shoulders. "I'll make it up to you." Sherlock whimpered as John gently bit down on his collar bone, sucking another mark onto the pale skin there.
He grabbed his phone, typing out a quick text and watching Sherlock for his reaction.
“I don’t care. If he is free, nothing else matters, he deserves that.” The Enchantress nodded, stepping away from Sherlock and fading away, taking with her everything else he could see.
"I'm going into the army after I graduate." John broke the silence, speaking the words he had been trying to avoid saying out loud for so long. He saw the sadness on Sherlock's face, but offered the boy a soft smile before turning to look at Mr. Holmes.
“You know Sherlock,” the man pulled his wrist out of Sherlock’s grip, stepping back just slightly, “as much as I have enjoyed you playing hard to get, its getting boring,” Sherlock felt pain flare in his cheek as Moriarty drew back and punched him. “It’s been fun, but daddy’s had enough now!” He tried to escape, but Moriarty pressed his hand against the wounds on Sherlock’s chest. He cried out and felt his knees buckle at the pain. “Oh, what’s this?” Moriarty tore his shirt open, revealing the bandages.
“No, of course he’s not child, John won’t let that happen. Oh, look who’s up. How’re you feeling Dear?” It was the teapot talking this time, and Sherlock had to fight back another wave of panic.
"Sh-Sherlock- what-"
"Sherlock, are you sure about this? I'm sure John won't make you go if you are nervous." Sherlock felt the anxiety he had been fighting most of the night starting to grow in his chest and he turned back to his brother, blinking up at the older boy.
"Name's John- Sherlock- fuck, right there- who's this?"
"Oi! Fuck you!"
Sherlock was pressed against the brick, a pair of large men pinning him there. His lip was broken and bleeding and his eye was bruised.
“Did I die?”
I would have thought you would find it boring – JW
“Dance with me?” John’s paw stretched out to Sherlock, sending sparks of something unfamiliar up and down his spine. What was happening to him?
“At your place, tonight. I know.” John stopped packing and closed his eyes, breathing a heavy sigh. Since Sherlock started filming again, John stopped staying over on the nights Sherlock worked. He knew it was childish of him to be jealous, but he couldn’t help it. He hated the thought of being with Sherlock after someone else. “John I-”
"Uh, it's a book about bees." Sherlock blushed, pulling the heavy volume off the table and clutching it to his chest. Victor hated Sherlock's obsession with bees.
"She-"
“Sorry? You ignore me for a fucking week and all you have to say is sorry?” John stepped closer to the man, feeling his heart break ever so slightly when the ghost stepped back, keeping an even distance between them.
"No, you're just going to take off to some God-forsaken desert to get shot at." John dropped his hand, blinking rapidly as Sherlock glared down at the ground. "I-I- John-" John reached into his pocket, pulling out the small, velvet box he had been carrying with him. He heard his boyfriend's breath stutter and sniffed, smiling sadly at the box he was turning over in his hands. "J-John-"
“Well, you’ve already almost killed me once, I’d say you owe me.” As soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted saying them. Sherlock hesitated, almost stopping fully as John scrambled to try to come up with a way to retract the words. “N-No, no Babe, I’m sorry. That was stupid, I-I shouldn’t have said that-” Sherlock chewed at his bottom lip and frowned, still far too tense. John pulled him to a stop and gripped the taller man’s hip tightly, pulling him close. “Hey, hey look at me Love.” Sherlock blinked down at him, meeting his eyes almost reluctantly. John slid one hand up to rest against his cheek, holding his gaze and smiling softly.
“Uh, it-its no big deal, really-”
Even though they had been dating for nearly a week, Sherlock was still incredibly shy when it came to most physical contact, and John normally didn't push him, but today his adrenaline was still high from the practice, and Sherlock looked good in his baggy t-shirt and tight jeans.
“I-I woke up, Sherlock wanted to talk. We were- oh God, Greg, where is he?” Greg stood, coming closer and placing a hand on John’s shoulder. “God, he must feel so terrible. This wasn’t his fault, I was already hungover- where is he Greg?”
"Sherlock." Recognition flooded John as he finally connected the name to the face.
"My Posh Boy." He whispered fondly.
Sherlock felt a wave of nausea and stumbled back, rubbing at his eyes and shaking his head. He heard John laughing, and tugged at his curls, trying desperately to dispel the image from his mind.
“What am I going to do Greg?” John whined, dropping his head to the table with a painful thud. “This fucking ghost is getting worse.” He had told his buddy Greg about his little ghost problem, and now he spent most nights at the pub with his friend.
“Oh, shut up Jefferson.” John turned and placed his hand on his friend’s shoulder to calm him down.
“I don’t know. Maybe they were forking around.” The Candelabra laughed at his own joke, but all John could manage was a tight smile. Greg noticed instantly and stepped closer. “What’s wrong John?”
"What?"
“I want to show you something, but I will need you to trust me.”
“What the hell have you done?”
Sherlock was dressed in the same outfit he had worn on their first date, dark purple shirt and black trousers. He came to a stop on the bottom step, still blinking in confusion at John.
“Yeah, that works. Thank you.”
"Starving."
"So? We can be fast." John pushed at Sherlock's shoulders, wriggling out from under the skinny boy and shifting so he was resting between his legs. "Christ Babe, your legs just never end, do they?" Sherlock blushed and covered his face, clearly self-conscious. John pulled his hands away and pressed a firm kiss to his lips, smirking as the boy sighed softly. "Don't be shy Love, I love your long-ass legs." Sherlock's blush deepened and John leaned down, pushing the sweater out of the way to suck at his collarbone. "I love everything about you." He mumbled against the skin of Sherlock's neck as he started tugging at the other boy's sweater.
“Well I’ll be dammed.” The Beast bared his teeth, and it took far too long for Sherlock to realize he was grinning. “You really are just like Mycroft, aren’t you?” Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion.
“I-I- I apologize for my behaviour, Captain Watson.” Sherlock seemed to stumble over his words, looking incredibly embarrassed. John smirked and shook his head, reaching his hand out towards the taller man.
Images of his father’s dead body, the people he couldn’t save, the fear and pity he saw in his mother’s eyes when he told her what he did, filled his mind.
He needed John, Mycroft, somebody. He would even take Gerry at this point.
Since they had started this, it had become easier for Sherlock to relax and let John's fingers work him open. He was always tense in the beginning, his body resisting as John's first finger pressed in, gently easing him open.
“I’ve been practicing.” He grinned, tears pricking at the backs of his eyes. He was finally touching Sherlock Holmes.
“Why should I? No one misses me, no one will miss me.”
Panic gripped his chest and he tried to sit up again, sobbing in agony and fear when Mikey held him down.
Since John had deemed Sherlock healthy enough to return to work, the Ice King had been slotted with three different men, none of them John Watson. It wasn’t that John was jealous, they both knew it was going to be this way. Sherlock wasn’t ready to give up filming and John had no right to ask him to. After all, Sherlock didn’t love him.
“No! I’m fine-” Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he fell into John’s arms, nearly knocking the shorter man over.
"Yeah, that's Sherlock." He waved at his boyfriend, who timidly waved back. "Hang on, I'm going to see if I can get him to come meet you all." John dropped his towel on the bench next to his friend and jogged across the field, coming to a stop before the bleachers and placing his hands on his hips. "Hey."
"Yeah."
Suddenly, a low, thrumming note pulsed through the air and John broke the kiss with a gasp. His body was filled with an overwhelming sense of pleasure that moved and vibrated with the pulse of the note.
“What! Why the ballroom? What- why- Greg, what the fuck-”
“He left his book.” John didn’t bother to hide the misery in his voice. Mycroft climbed onto the counter, setting himself beside The Beast and glancing at the book.
This wasn’t right. Something was wrong, he should have been dead by now, not feeling more pain than before. His chest was burning and it felt as though the skin was crawling around. He wanted to scream, to tear at the irritated flesh until the pain stopped.
“Fuck you’re gorgeous.” John whispered, pulling the young man up to catch his lips in a passionate kiss. He dipped his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, tasting himself as he did and whimpering. He felt Sherlock wrap his hand around his member and moaned.
"He called you boring, John! You are the farthest thing from boring." John huffed a frustrated laugh, pulling away slightly and leaning up to press a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. "You're not boring, or ordinary, John. You are perfect and brilliant, and anyone who says otherwise is an idiot." John blushed, reaching up and brushing a stray curl out of Sherlock's eyes.
“Mycroft, thank Heavens! He is having a fit.”
"N-No- please don't stop Daddy. Just- just hurry-" John shushed him and Sherlock felt the fingers move faster within him, his other hand pushing Sherlock back against his chair and moving to tease his nipples.
“Mycroft, what a pleasure. Your timing is, as ever, perfect.” Sherlock’s tone was dripping with sarcasm as he rolled his eyes, standing and turning to face the new man.
Hey! Buzzer doesn't work, so just text when you get here – JW
Greg instantly reacted, closing the door behind himself and stepping around Mycroft’s desk, pulling him close. They had been dating secretly for about a year, and Mycroft had never been happier for the man’s strength.
“Well, according to the book, we add the ingredients over the watch, we each cut our palms and let the blood drain over everything. Then we burn the whole thing while saying the words
“G-go to Hell.”
“Haven’t heard it said out loud before. Kind of makes it real.” John pushed to his feet, untangling the mainsail line and quickly securing the items he had pulled out of his crates. He turned back to Sherlock, a mischievous grin on his lips. “I’ve got a buddy back on E2 that works in an industrial level chemistry lab. If anyone can figure out what is tainting your burns, Mikey Stamford can.”
"So, is it like an open relationship kind of thing?" Sherlock furrowed his brow, the question sending a flare of confusion through his mind. "I mean, you're ace, right?" Sherlock nodded, trying to figure out where the other man was going with his thought process. "So you don't like sex, but John does?"
I'll not nick your card for a month – SH
“You know, all this talk of my brother and Gavin is really putting a damper on my mood.” John was breathless, nearly gasping as he was pushed back against the sofa, falling onto the cushions. Sherlock climbed onto his lap and kissed him again, running his cold fingers along John’s chest. “Please John, let me take you. I’m strong enough. My ribs don’t hurt anymore and my concussion is long gone. If it makes you more comfortable you can take me. Please, j-just- please.”
“No, please Sherlock. Let me do this. Let me try to bring you back. Please.” Sherlock looked terrified, uncertain as to how to respond. “I won’t let you do that to yourself again Love, promise.” The pale ghost worried at his bottom lip for a moment before looking up at John, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
“I think it’s time you left, Brother Dear.” Sherlock snapped, leaning down and kissing John’s neck. Mycroft huffed uncomfortably, glaring at the pair before straightening.
So... when I first posted the first chapter of this little book to Wattpad, it was crazy popular and I had an insane amount of requests for a part two... that was like a year ago.... I finally finished the second part for a friend's birthday this month (Feb 2018)
"I like it! It's made for people with sensitive skin-"
"John? What-" John gripped Sherlock's hand and grinned up at him, adrenaline flooding his veins.
“Right.”
“Yes, you can. Now, on the count of three. One. Two.” The beast pulled roughly on his arm, straightening the bone and pulling a scream from Sherlock’s throat. He felt the paw return to his chest as he writhed in pain.
"Wait! Condoms and lube?"
Sherlock grabbed the knife from Moriarty’s hand and stepped around him, the deadness in his eyes sending a spark of fear throughout John.
“I don’t-”
“It’s a makeup brush you big baby! Now, stop being rude. You’re scaring John.”
“I gave you a command, now complete it!”
He loved these days, when Sherlock's brilliant mind was so wrapped up in something, but his body needed release. "I know I'm not distracting you Love. Just focus on your work, let me take care of you."
"Yeah, but not this soon." Sherlock froze, starting to chew on his bottom lip again. "Babe, talk to me, please-"
When Sherlock noticed the shorter man's thighs starting to shake he pulled him close and flipped them over, hiking John's legs over his shoulders and pushing back into his body. John moaned loudly as Sherlock set a brutal pace, his head thrown back and fists clinging to the sheets.
Sherlock ran through the familiar halls of his mind palace, throwing open doors and calling for John. He had to find a way out. He ground to a stop just in time to watch the floor before him crumble away.
They reached his flat and Greg unceremoniously dropped John to the pavement, ringing the bell for the landlady’s flat. Mrs. Hudson answered, looking concerned when she saw John’s unconscious form on the ground.
John let out a sound of surprise, but returned the kiss enthusiastically, gripping Sherlock's hips tightly. Sherlock gasped and clung to the shorter boy's shoulders when John pushed him back, sending them both stumbling against the wall.
“Please don’t make me do this Sherlock. Can’t we just pretend? One week, then I’ll go, you won’t even miss me.” Sherlock shook his head, kissing John tenderly once more, not wanting to let him go, but knowing he was going to lose him.
If anyone figures it out – JW
Sherlock fought back the tears that tried to fall. He knew that he had done nothing wrong, but that didn't mean that John would believe him.
“No, you don’t understand, you have to fight.”
As Sherlock rode into town, he heard the whispers of the townspeople, he could feel the confusion and awe as they watched him ride along the streets.
"Alright Gorgeous?" John asked, still laughing.
“No.” He whispered, turning his attention back to John, gently tapping his cheek in a vain attempt to wake him.
"I-I wanted you to be-"
"Pick up your sword."
“No, quite the opposite actually. Your film with my brother is proving to be one of the highest rated films either of you have produced this year. The casting board was wondering if you would return to do a follow-up film?” John almost choked on his tea, the excitement bubbling over almost instantly. He coughed as the fluid burned his throat. “Mr. Watson? Are you alright?”
"Sorry Love, go back to sleep. It's just Greg." Sherlock pushed himself into a sitting position and rubbed at his eyes, yawning sleepily.
“Maybe his little outburst drained his power?”
"He what? What do you mean?" John growled and stopped, turning to face Greg. His face was stone cold and serious, sending a spark of danger through Sherlock's spine.
When Sherlock came to a few hours later, John had managed to clean up most of the blood and disposed of the bodies of Fate and Moriarty. He was watching as Sherlock started to stir and was by his side as soon as his eyes opened. He checked Sherlock over as he waited for the man to get his bearings.
“John.”
After Sherlock made a third nurse cry, John insisted that they let him take the young man home. He showed his credentials and convinced the staff that he was more than capable of handling the petulant man on his own.
"Maybe not, but I guess it could have been worse. They could have walked in on us while I was-"
“G-Greg? W-What happened?”
“No. Don’t. Please Sherlock. We will figure this out Love. I promise.” Sherlock pursed his lips, turning his attention back to the book in front of him. “What’s your power level at?” They could only stay out for about three hours at a time before Sherlock’s power faded, the simple circuit of electricity unable to sustain him for too long.
The last petal had fallen.
"Yes, I am aware of that." They laughed softly, remembering the embarrassment and confusion the incident had brought about. "But everything I've ever read says that masturbation is no where near as pleasurable as actual sex." John leaned in closer and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's forehead, pulling him close and wrapping him in his arms.
He watched the fire burn late into the night, listening to his castle breathing around him. Greg was right, they didn’t have much longer before the final petal fell and the odds of breaking the curse were looking dimmer every day.
“How long?”
“How can I understand you?” John could tell by the shock on the Siren’s face that he hadn’t expected that question. “I know how you saved me. Saw me falling and caught me, hauling me back to my boat. What I don’t get is how I can understand you. This collar is basic, not equipped with a translation matrix, so I shouldn’t be able to understand you.” The Siren grinned dangerously, shifting closer to John.
"I won't murder you John."
“Y-You’ll never have me.”
“I have to restart time John.”
“Good. Now, go get ready Gorgeous. We have a dinner to get to.” He winked and sent the taller man off with a pinch on the ass. Giggling at the irritated yelp that came from his lover.
“But you’re okay with them watching you-”
"She uh- she-" Sherlock's face was covered in a dark blush as he looked around helplessly. "She wants us t-to da-date." John froze, blinking stupidly at the boy as Sherlock freed his ankle and pushed away from him, curling in on himself and dropping his head back against the wall.
"Come with us and I'll stop." Sherlock sighed heavily, glancing at Mrs. Watson timidly while trying to wriggle out of Harry's grasp.
When they finally reached the bed, John pulled back, breaking the kiss and grinning up at his lover, winking at the flustered detective before shoving him back. Sherlock let out a surprised yelp as he fell, the shocked sound sending a flash of glee through John.
"Please stop calling me that." John instantly stepped back, giving the girl space.
“Well, well, looks like the good doctor is awake.” A strange, almost melodic voice cut through the fog and made the fire behind his eyes burn brighter. “Good, it was getting so, boring.” The blurred image of a man filled his line of sight and John felt a hand grip his chin, forcing his face up to meet dark, empty eyes.
“You also have feelings for him?” Sherlock’s stomach was in knots when he saw the emotion in John’s eyes at the mention of Mike.
“I’m going to bring your sorry ass back.”
I couldn't agree more – SH
"Because Mikey, this is not just any Naval Officer. This, is the infamous Sherlock Holmes of the Royal Court of Her Majesty the Queen."
"If I can finish this theory, I could prove that the professor did in fact kill his wife."
"Digesting slows me down."
Sherlock watched John walk away, wishing he knew how to save his friend. He followed a fair distance behind John, trying to figure out the right words. There were none.
“If it were Sherlock asking you would stay.” John’s chest tightened painfully, but he couldn’t bring himself to deny the words.
When they arrived, John was in shock. The place looked huge and old, leaving John feeling incredibly out of place.
“If you ever leave me like that again, I’ll kill you myself.” Sherlock chuckled, his smile filling John’s heart with light for the first time in weeks. “Now, I know the spell to bring you back, since your body is still alive. But only if you really want to, I don’t want you to feel pressured into anything.” Sherlock leaned down and kissed the shorter man, a deep, passionate kiss that left John’s toes curling against the cold tiles.
His heart restarted with a painful thud.
“I said John could call me Sherlock, Gerard, not you. You can call me Time.”
“Normally yes, but if Fate decides she wants someone, she can take them from me.”
He had to get him to the Far Wing.
“Come now John, like Sherlock would even consider dating a slag like me.” Mike winked at Sherlock and giggled when Sherlock blushed. “I’ve got to be getting back to the lab. Let’s go gather your samples eh?”
“Alright?”
"Do me a favor then, and look it up right now." Sherlock opened his mouth to object, but the serious expression on John's face told him to just do as he said. He pulled out his phone and googled 'Daddy Kink.'
“Thought you weren’t my housekeeper?”
“Oh, I know who you are.” Sherlock blushed, pulling his hand away from John and glancing at the floor. John blinked in shock, registering Sherlock’s behaviour. He was acting like a little boy that just met his idol. John decided to test his theory. “I’ve seen your work, you’re pretty good.” He winked, sending a flush over the pale man’s cheeks. Sherlock stared at him for a long while, seemingly frozen.
"N-No, I-I'm actually on a date-" Victor's cruel laugh made Sherlock flinch.
“Holy shit.” John felt his heart break for the poor spirit. He couldn’t imagine being trapped in a boring flat for twenty years.
"Oh, Harriet! Such a sweet girl." Mrs. Holmes gushed, smiling brightly at John while Mr. Holmes just frowned slightly and sent a glare towards his son. "Do you dance John?" Mycroft, who was sitting across the table from Sherlock, snorted, hiding his grin behind his glass of juice.
He was distantly aware of Sherlock tugging at his shirt, and tried to help, tried to convince his limbs to co-operate. He couldn’t seem to summon the strength to make them move and whined in frustration, feeling Sherlock laugh softly against his chest, where the Siren was pressing kisses and sucking gently.
“I know. I’m sorry, but please don’t take John from me.”
He knelt in front of Sherlock and wrapped the Collar around his neck. He fought with the buckle for a moment to get it to latch, noticing when Sherlock winced by the sound of his hiss in his ear.
“I-I don’t understand.”
“No Greg.” He stood and stormed out of the room, hurrying off to the far wing of the castle.
Something was wrong, John could practically feel the tension pouring off his boyfriend as they sat across from each other in the small café.
“I’m coming Sherlock.”
“Oh yes. And you see, I am defensive of the things I want.” John’s instincts kicked in as he watched Moriarty draw a silver blade from his belt. “You hurt Sherlock, now, I’m going to kill you.”
"-Because I-I'm definitely not- I-I mean- I've th-thought about i-it-" Alarm spiked through John when he noticed Sherlock's breathing become erratic and he reached across the table, taking his boyfriend's hand.
“Mikey, I’m sorry. I just- I can’t do this anymore.”
"Sorry S-Sir. T-The C-Captain Sir, he called a Parlay." John blinked uncertainly. The only people that ever called for Parlay were other pirates, not Navy Captains. He pushed past Stamford and hurried up to the deck.
Sound fun? – JW
John flinched when his phone rang loudly, scrambling to find it in his pocket, flushing as an older lady glared at him. He was in a coffee shop working on his book, the one he had been trying to write for a couple of years.
He pushed off the tree, pulling his jacket off and hanging it on a low branch. Sherlock watched him curiously, remaining almost completely still as John pushed his shirt sleeves up and unbuttoned his collar.
“Please stop.”
“I don’t want to hurt him again.” Greg sighed, pushing open the flat door and leading them inside, dropping John on the sofa.
"Sherlock-"
"But he's so, ordinary." Anger flashed through Sherlock's mind as he felt John's shoulders drop slightly. He stepped away from John, moving closer to Jim. "I mean, look at him, so plain and boring, you'd never be bored with me-" the rest of the boy's sentence was cut short when Sherlock shoved him, sending him stumbling back against the announcement wall.
"No!" The boy swung his fist, flinching when he heard glass shattering. He stared at his hand, watching the blood run down his wrist, disappearing under the too-big sleeves of the coat.
“I know Greg.”
It had been many years since they had last kissed, but it felt as though nothing had changed. This kiss was softer than their first, but it was equally as dizzying. When they broke the kiss, they were both breathless. John rested his head against Sherlock’s chest and giggled, feeling the taller man laugh along with him.
He stopped in front of the door marked 221B and absently rubbed at his shoulder before knocking.
"Why do you care? I already said I wasn't going to file charges against your friends-"
Sherlock whimpered as John pulled his fingers out of him and stood, spinning him around and pressing him against the wall.
"Relax Brother Dear, John is on his way. He just had to drop his little sister off at home. Sit down, relax a little, maybe try unclenching for once." Mycroft rolled his eyes but sat, studying his younger brother carefully.
“I need you John, and I’m going to take you. Then, after I’m done with you here, we are going to go home, and you are going to take me.” John whined as Sherlock bit gently on one of his nipples, bucking his hips against his lover’s and pulling a deep groan from the taller man’s throat.
The burn was in the shape of a spider, a massive scar running clean through the pattern.
“How do you propose we do that?”
Good plan – SH
“What’s wrong?” John looked at Sherlock, his mind reeling. A small flutter of paper in the top corner of the folder caught his eye and he pulled the sheet out, revealing a hand-written note.
“Close your eyes John.” Sherlock’s voice was empty, but John was certain he saw a flash of pain in his eyes. He shook his head, holding Sherlock’s gaze and breathing deeply.
"No, call him now. This is an urgent matter Love, he has been awaiting your call." Sherlock whined, squirming uncomfortably. John enjoyed doing this, he liked seeing if he could make the detective crack while on the phone. He loved that he was the only person that could do this to the detective. Sherlock grabbed his phone and dialed the DI.
“I-I have t-to move y-you.” John felt breathless, his chest heaving as Sherlock started to pull him forwards. It was difficult walking, the air feeling heavy around him. He was dragged for a few feet before Sherlock stopped, hesitating for a moment before quickly gripping John’s shoulders and spinning him around. John felt a strange pressure against his back, but before he could question it Sherlock had captured his lips with his own in a bruising kiss. The contact sent electricity jolting through John’s shorter frame and he moaned against the other man’s lips. He fought to move his arms, finally managing to get his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders, tangling one of his hands in the dark curls and sliding the other down to rest on the thin waist. Sherlock moaned at the touch, pressing impossibly closer to John. They broke apart, breathing against each other’s lips heavily.
“He really hasn’t talked to you since the hospital?” Greg asked, waving at the waitress and ordering two more beers. John had asked Greg if he wanted to meet for a pint, unable to take the quiet of the flat any longer.
“J-John-” Sherlock sounded scared and uncertain. John took a steadying breath and turned, pulling out his cell and checking the time.
“Y-you think so?”
“That’s cool.” Sherlock looked at him, shocked.
He climbed back on Redbeard and steered the animal down the new trail, keeping the pace at a gentle walk. His wrist ached worse than any pain he could remember, he was certain he had broken it.
“Hey, Sherlock wants to talk to you.”
“God Sherlock-”
“Humans are dreadfully unresponsive when they are unconscious.” The man moved his grip down to John’s throat and squeezed, cutting off his airway enough that his body started trying to fight, but his mind stayed blank. “Do you know who I am, little human?” John tried to free himself from the grip crushing his airway. “Do you know what fun I could have with your body?” The hand on his throat disappeared, swinging his body and causing his shoulder to pull painfully.
You're on! - GL
He stepped into the empty room, catching sight of a large, ornate wardrobe in the corner.
Sherlock pushed the horse more than he probably should have, but Redbeard was a powerful beast and never hesitated under Sherlock’s panic. He allowed himself to be carried through the unfamiliar forest, uncaring if he got lost. He was aware of how to survive in the wild.
Everything faded away, leaving Sherlock alone in a swirling pit of dark, aching pain.
“Do you trust me?” John felt his heart tighten at the thought that Sherlock still felt that he needed to ask. He gasped as the Siren bit down on his pulse point gently, sucking on the skin between his teeth.
“John is a doctor. I need to get to him.” Mike sighed and helped Sherlock out of the flat, begging the young man to see a doctor before he left.
“Sherlock? Talk to me man, did it work?” Mike’s voice filled the silence, pulling Sherlock from the fog of pain.
Moriarty stood in the doorway, an evil smirk on his face. Moran stood behind him, arms crossed and a nasty scowl on his face.
“Yes John?”
John woke up to find Greg sitting in the chair next to his bed.
“John! Please! Listen to my voice!”
Sherlock ran up the stairs, pushing his body faster.
Sherlock turned out to be an interesting flatmate, conducting crazy experiments and whining about being bored. John began to wonder what happened to his curious flatmate. He did lots of research on ghosts and quickly came up with a plan.
“Your equipment? You mean, all this stuff here was yours?”
"Sorry Love. Just, promise me you'll take it easy yeah? Stop when it starts hurting, and call if you need a ride."
“I was going to surprise you. See how long it took you to figure out.”
“I will see what I can do.”
“That sounds great! Send me a message when you reach the gates, we can go to the diner off the compound.”
“N-No- I-I didn’t-”
He found the young man, unconscious on the cold stairs.
The boat shot through the stars towards the Hope, propelled by disrupted energy waves. John tore off his shirt, the slightly loose fabric catching on the ropes, and tethered himself to the Mast.
“I am completely vulnerable, lost, and have no idea of human customs and I kissed you. I left myself open for you to take your pleasure from me and you walked away. You left Mikey because you wanted to die and didn’t want to hurt him. You killed a man to save your baby sister. You, John Watson, are not a bad man.” John watched Sherlock for a moment, something changing in his eyes.
“He’s going to wake up.” Molly would tell him, rubbing his back as he mourned over John’s body. Even Geoff would try to talk to him, chattering endlessly about school and such things. Sherlock was starting to like the young man, though he would never tell him. It was too fun to bug him.
Sherlock jumped as the door swung open, revealing an older man. John instantly recognized the man as Sherlock’s father.
"Tell you what, if you come with me to the dance, and behave just long enough to snog on the dance floor and make that prick Anderson jealous, we can come back here and do whatever you want. Sound good?" Sherlock sighed, kissing John again before nodding and reaching for his coat.
“I-It’s alright-”
He made his way up a flight of stairs, ignoring the pain that bloomed in his thighs at the climb.
"Y-Yes, how did you know that?" Greg's cheeks darkened and he rubbed the back of his neck, laughing nervously.
“It would appear so.”
“Sherlock!” John pulled out his Captain’s voice and instantly saw the change in the young man’s demeanor. “I can’t put you through that. It will hurt more than necessary and you won’t enjoy it. You’re already in pain just from a little snogging.”
"Hmm?"
“You want me to work for your agency?”
“I’m sorry John.” He whispered, tracing his fingers along the shorter man’s jawline. “I’m so sorry.”
“Gavin. We have known each other for five years.”
“John!” He had less than a second to register the voice that suddenly filled the room before he was yanked out of the chair. He yelped as he was dragged from the room, squirming against his attacker’s grip. Mycroft was shouting furiously, but John wasn’t listening. His soldier instinct was kicking in and he tried to fight back, but his mysterious attacker had him by the back of his jacket’s collar.
"Uh-uh, no objections. Our first date is going to be the most memorable date you will ever go on, Tiny Dancer." Sherlock rolled his eyes and started removing his own coat and scarf, hanging them on the branch next to John's.
"Oh, you liked that, didn't you?" John chuckled, pulling Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and pushing his hands along his spine. Sherlock nodded, biting his lip as he felt embarrassment clawing at his mind. "Don't be shy Love, Daddy loves hearing you."
"Alright Tiny Dancer, I've got to get home. Got a test tomorrow that I am in no way prepared for."
"He is attending college now, finished his classes over summer break." John could see the disappointment in his friend's face, and made a mental note to ask Sherlock about Mycroft later. Greg shrugged, grinning half-heartedly before starting to step away.
“Actually, I was thinking that would be a clever idea. He is in the far wing.”
“Of course.”
“Sorry, I just had a thought.”
The screen was filled with the image of John, on his knees, his nails digging furrows into the sides of his skull as he screamed in excruciating pain.
“Promise.”
John smirked, releasing Sherlock's arm and stepping away, sending the blushing kid a wink.
"Were you a part of that?" John motioned back to the locker room, keeping his voice low in case Sherlock was listening. Mikey shook his head, his gaze filled with confusion and fear. "Was Greg?" Another shake of the other boy's head settled John's stomach slightly.
“Hey, there Gorgeous.” He turned to see Mikey standing by his bedside, the concern on his face clear. “Thought we were going to lose you there for a bit. How’re you feeling?” John tried to push himself into a sitting position, but his shoulder and hands screamed and he gasped, falling back onto the mattress. “No, no stay down Kiddo. You have some pretty heavy-duty nerve damage in your hands as well as several broken bones and severe blood loss.” John nodded trying to remember what happened after Sherlock-
He hated how nice his new roommate was. He hated that John never mentioned what happened between them. He hated how attractive the older man was.
He turned and raced up an old flight of stairs, trying to ignore the creeping realization that made itself known in the back of his mind.
"Mrs. Hudson!" John flinched and looked up the stairs, his breath catching in his throat as his eyes landed on his date.
"What time is it now?"
“It hasn’t bled in days, and the stitches are holding.” Sherlock kissed him again, pulling off his own shirt and showing John the bandages. John checked the wound, still not confident in the stitches holding.
“C-come in.” Damn his voice for trembling. The large head of his captor poked around the door before the rest of him entered, sending another flash of fear through Sherlock. He gripped the sheets tightly to hide how badly he was shaking.
“I should get a pet, they seem rather amusing.”
John finally meets Sherlock's parents
“Sorry. Not good?” Sherlock asked, sounding sheepish and slightly hurt. John shook his head, smiling at the pale man next to him.
"Ready Tiny Dancer?" He whispered, lining himself up and gently pressing in as Sherlock nodded.
“You are going to be the death of me John Watson.” He grumbled as he turned to leave. John laughed and grabbed Sherlock’s arm, clinging to it like a sloth clinging to a tree. He loved being able to touch Sherlock without fear of his heart stopping, and he was taking full advantage of it.
“No! Please! Somebody, help! Help! Let me go!” He screamed, kicking and thrashing against the creature that pinned him down.
“John? John! What’s wrong? Please talk to me.”
He was shocked to see Sherlock sitting alone at the table when he arrived.
“What did he mean by; ‘show me a good time?’” Sherlock asked, speaking for the first time in a while. John blushed furiously, busying himself with organizing his kits. “I am not familiar with this phrase.”
“Oh God, what did you do?”
“But you are more than comfortable with having sex with him yourself?”
“Sherlock!”
"Sounds good, Tiny Dancer." Sherlock smiled shyly, glancing back at the team timidly. "They like you, trust me." John whispered, sensing the boy's anxiety starting to rise again. Sherlock chewed on his lip and nodded, still looking nervous. John reached up and pulled Sherlock down for a kiss, his cheeks burning slightly when he heard the pleased sound Sherlock made at the contact. He broke the kiss reluctantly, grinning up at his shy boyfriend. "I'll see you tomorrow Tiny Dancer." He whispered, his heart racing at the flustered expression on Sherlock's face as he pulled away.
By the time the movie ended, John's Mum, Harry, and Sherlock were all asleep. John took a moment to glance around the small sitting room of the cabin, his heart swelling at the sight of his family and the boy he loved sleeping so peacefully.
"Just do what feels right Love. I'll tell you if I don't like something." John didn't give him the chance to respond before he lowered his lips to catch Sherlock's in a kiss that made him dizzy with arousal and lack of oxygen.
Too soon? – SH
“Well, I wouldn’t say that-”
After dinner, they all retired to the sitting room, the friendly conversation still flowing. Sherlock finally seemed to relax, leaning back on the sofa and pulling John against his chest, holding him close and tracing gentle circles on his shoulder. Just before John was about to suggest they take their leave, Sherlock leaned down to whisper darkly in his ear.
He felt the burning heat of the falling rock brushing against his back as his vessel narrowly evaded it.
“And what about me?” The look of sadness that crossed her face told Sherlock everything he needed to know. “I love him. Set him free.”
“Hey, hey mate listen, you need to calm down.”
“I’m coming home John.”
"That's your Mum?" Sherlock nodded, keeping his face hidden under the blankets. "What? H-How- I-I thought-"
"You have nothing to make up for-"
“Oh, shut up. Were you always this annoying?”
When did he become so lonely?
“You won’t. I have enough power for another kiss. I-If you want.” John nodded, leaning forward and pressing his lips against Sherlock’s once more. He whimpered against the sensation, pulling back after a few seconds. He was breathless and lightheaded, but happier than he had felt in a long while. “Go to sleep John.” Sherlock whispered.
"I'm late for practice." This time, John let him go. He didn't look behind him as he hurried away, fighting back the tears of guilt that tried to fall.
Moriarty walked ever closer, each step he took sending a spark of fear along Sherlock’s spine. He tried to escape, but Moran pinned him in place with a strong hand. Moriarty stopped inches in front of Sherlock, his eyes dark and his grin darker.
"Greg is going to owe me, big time."
“Love, this is a good thing-”
“Oh, of course not. I always enjoy being hit on by antique furniture while in various stages of undress.” John laughed out loud at that, stepping closer to the young man. He liked this, how easy the conversation could be between them.
"What charges are you holding him on? Can you keep him for another few hours? I am going to get ahold of his sister-"
“How long did you father beat you?” Sherlock heard the moment his words hit John. His bookbag fell heavily to the chair and the air in the flat turned thick.
“Yeah, I figured that much out. Why were they after you?”
"Not what I asked."
“No, I’m dating-”
Sherlock closed the gap instantly, pressing a firm, deep kiss to his boyfriend's mouth, his body burning at the shocked sound that escaped John's throat.
“You were invalided home.” John sent the creature a curious glance, not missing the blush that rose over his cheeks.
"Sh-Sherlock! Jesus, not right now, I just finished!" John moaned, a boyish grin back on his lips as he held the phone just out of reach. Sherlock tried desperately to get his phone back, his mind spinning with panic and his cheeks burning at the way John's voice sounded.
"John really seems to like you, and when one of our brothers cares about someone, then we all care about that person." Sherlock blushed, chewing on his lip and staring at the ground. He jumped when a hand ruffled his hair, followed shortly by a cheerful laugh. "Welcome to the family Kid." Sherlock watched as Mikey walked away, a warmth swelling in his chest as John's words echoed in his mind.
“Not him personally, but my old patrol had to confiscate a few of his ships once. He brands everything with a red spider.”
He waved back at his friend as his vessel sailed away, an overwhelming sadness filling his body. He would miss his friend, but this was for the best. John couldn’t live like this anymore, the memories of the war and what had happened still far too fresh to cope with.
"Your brother went missing fifteen years ago, Ms. Watson, the odds of finding him alive are abysmal."
"I don't mind letting people watch me fuck you, you know that? I like letting people know that I can make you so desperate that you can't even wait until you get home." Sherlock squirmed and started shakily listing his deductions. "How hard are you right now? Are you thinking about me fucking you behind the dumpster?"
"Please do." The air between them changed, shifting and darkening into something dangerous and exciting. John smirked, licking his lips and feeling a sense of glee flood him as Sherlock blushed, blinking rapidly and fussing with his sleeves.
“Just, keep reading. We’ve got to be getting close to figuring this out.”  John ignored the crushing fear that gripped his chest. It had been three weeks since they started looking, and they hadn’t found anything.
“Sounds good to me.” John turned back to where Mike had been standing, only to find his friend gone and a white folder in his place. He reached back and grabbed the paper, opening the folder and reading over the Medical Data written inside. “What is it?”
“Sherlock Holmes?” John spun to face his friend, shock filling his body. He hadn’t told Greg Sherlock’s full name.
"Come on Posh Boy, solve me a murder."
“It’s yours.” Sherlock turned wide eyes to his friend. No one in the town had ever given him anything before. “Happy Birthday.”
Their eyes met, but Sherlock saw no light glinting back at him from John’s.
“John!” Panic gripped him as a low, thrumming note filled the air around him, pinning him in place. He was helpless to do anything as John’s now unconscious body slouched to the side, held upright by the same note that held Sherlock’s body still.
"Fuck me." There was no frustration or anger behind the words, yet Sherlock physically flinched at them. He turned to face his friend and noticed the change in his behaviour.
It didn’t take as long to return to his true form, but it hurt worse. His tail ached and the seal burned through the muscles.
“His name was James.” Sherlock finally spoke, his voice no louder than a deep murmur as John massaged his chest and shoulders. Once they had arrived back at Sherlock’s flat, John coaxed the freezing man into the bath. Sherlock leaned himself back against John’s chest, relaxing into the feeling of John’s fingers massaging his shoulders and chest.
"I'm stuck." John let out a belt of laughter, quickly covering his mouth and dropping his head, trying to contain his amusement. "Well, I'm definitely not kissing you now." That only made John laugh harder, and he clutched his sides as he doubled over. "I'm glad my struggles are amusing to you."
“That’s better.” John growled as he started stroking Sherlock again, adding just the right amount of pressure. It only took a few more pumps before Sherlock was coming, spilling over John’s chest and hand with a cry. He collapsed on top of John, breathing heavily and trembling. John held him through the aftershocks, whispering praise in his ear and rubbing his back.
The man that stood before him was different than he remembered, yet somehow the same. He stood with a quiet, reserved nature that screamed military. He was just barely propping himself up on a cane, indicating a psychosomatic limp. His hair was trimmed to a longer version of military standard and there was the courage of a soldier hidden behind the pain in his dark blue irises.
John remembered his face. This was Moriarty, the man who wanted to hurt Sherlock.
"John!" Sherlock's voice came from behind the officer, who glanced back before stepping aside, letting John through.
John pushed open the door to the flat, his stomach in knots. He glanced around, not seeing Sherlock anywhere. He was about to call out when the air filled with static electricity. He turned to see Sherlock flicker into view beside him. His ghostly lover grabbed his waist and pulled him close, leaning down and capturing his lips in a kiss.
John gently slipped his fingers out of his boyfriend's body, quickly pushing his pyjama trousers down and spreading some slick over his own throbbing erection. He leaned down, kissing Sherlock tenderly and threading his fingers through the boy's curls.
“What do I call you then?”
"The Spider." The boy started shaking, stumbling as his shoulder connected with the doorway. "You worked for The Spider." The boy shook his head, grabbing the door handle and trying to push the door open. "W-Wait- wait!" John hesitated, biting his lip and glancing back out of the room. "Take my coat, you'll freeze if you don't." Sherlock nodded towards the coat that was draped over the chair, sighing in relief as the boy grabbed the coat and hurried from the room.
“Go be with your husband Myc. I’m sorry.” John stood and left the room, leaving Sherlock’s book on the counter beside Mycroft as he fled to the highest tower.
“Doctor! Nurse! Somebody, help!” He cried as the once dead body started fighting for air.
The energy storm hit with almost no warning, knocking his Star Sailor off course and sending him careening through the stars.  He fought against the waves of energy to keep his sails unfurled and intact.
They pulled up to the gates of E6, John handing the guards his tablet and Medical Card. They let the pair pass easily, directing them to the guest docking slots and handing them visitor bracelets. John helped secure the bracelet on Sherlock’s wrist before gathering up his Tablet and hopping off the ship.
“Did you ever really love me?” Sherlock’s heart shattered at the question.
"God, no! Absolutely not. I refuse to be treated like an infant-" John silenced his protests by leaning up and pressing a firm kiss to his lips. Sherlock sighed and leaned into the kiss, whining softly when John pulled away.
John cried out and pitched forward, catching himself on the headboard as Sherlock started pressing against his prostate.
“John-”
“Low.” John nodded, closing his notebook and getting ready to power down his computer.
“I saw how much my still working was hurting you, and I hated knowing that I was upsetting you. I knew I was losing you, and the thought of that was more than I could bear.” John grabbed Sherlock’s perfect shirt and pulled him in for a deep kiss. When he finally let the taller man go, they were both flushed, breathless, and undeniably aroused. “Please don’t sign the contract John. I don’t care if you want to keep working, I can handle that, just please don’t sign the contract. The thought of you being under my brother’s thumb makes me sick.” John nodded, kissing Sherlock again.
“Then I will pick you up and carry your skinny ass there.” There was no room for negotiation in his tone, so Sherlock obeyed, pushing himself to his feet and glaring at the creature before him. A spark of realization hit him and couldn’t stop himself from saying what crossed his mind.
"I'm not wearing a t-shirt to a party!"
"Answer me, Sherlock. Did Anderson do this to you?" Sherlock nodded, closing his eyes tightly and trying to keep his breathing steady. John pushed away from Sherlock, tugging at his hair and breathing erratically. "Fucking cock-sucker! I'm going to kill him!" Sherlock blinked at the angry boy, trying to process what was happening.
“We have a problem.”
“Don’t be so dramatic. I’m only having a bit of fun. John may like bananas, but I don’t.” Sherlock blinked in confusion.”
“I would love too, but I know that if I do, you won’t keep your hands to yourself and I don’t have the willpower to stop you again.” Sherlock grinned up at him, a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Not until your concussion is gone and your ribs don’t hurt as much alright? I’ll be fine on the sofa.”
“Pleasure to meet you Sherlock. Dinner is at six, I’ll have Mrs. Hudson bring you a tray.” John finished wrapping Sherlock’s wounds and stood gathering his case and making his way to the door.
"Come on Tiny Dancer," Sherlock glanced up, blushing lightly as the Rugby team whistled at them over the music. John grinned, holding out his hand and winking. Sherlock grinned up at his boyfriend, taking his hand and standing, letting his boyfriend lead him onto the dance floor.
“I thought I told you to show me what that pretty mouth of yours can do.” Sherlock’s eyes widened further and he licked his lips.
He felt his vision fade to black as his O2 collar flickered into uselessness.
“I don’t have time for this Sherlock. Now, stop distracting John. I have to finish his makeup.” Sherlock flushed and clenched his fists, looking incredibly uncomfortable. John smirked at him in the mirror, feeling a spark of affection for the young man.
“You really love him, don’t you?”
"January sixth."
"John! God, please!" Sherlock snapped, tugging at his hair and squirming as much as he could. "P-Please John, please do s-something-" John grinned, pulling his hips back and slamming back in roughly, cutting off Sherlock's pleas as he set a brutal pace.
They were stained with fresh blood.
So we're tied? - JW
If you know what I mean – JW
“You really have a thing for calling me ‘Beauty’, don’t you?”
“An attack, my patrol was killed, I survived.” He replied curtly, standing and grabbing the mainsail rope. He walked to the port side of the boat, tightening and securing the line to the hook sticking out of the floor. “That Hope, the one that attacked us, why did it want you?”
“Y-You still want to die.” Sherlock felt the change in John’s body as soon as the words left his mouth. The man’s smaller frame tensed and he sighed heavily, pulling his hands away from Sherlock’s face and rubbing them roughly over his own.
"Sherlock-"
"No. No. Absolutely not. No." John laughed, shifting closer and nuzzling into the crook of Sherlock's neck, searching for that one spot he had found the other day that always made Sherlock turn into a quivering mass of limbs. "J-John-"
Mycroft spun his husband past them, grinning at his younger brother.
"I love you too, John."
“He is bisexual.” Sherlock blushed and looked at the ground, shuffling his feet. “Now stand still, I have just the outfit for you.”
“In a hole in the ground there lived a Hobbit.”
“And that’s freaking you out why?” John ran his fingers through his hair and tugged, growling at the overwhelming surge of emotions that caused his hands to shake.
“Shit!” He cursed, grabbing the rope for his mainsail and swinging around the mast, using the weak gravity caused by the storm to his advantage. He leaped onto the edge of his boat just as it was threatening to capsize, pulling the rope tight and leaning back, turning the boat sharply.
“Sherlock?” The pair of men glanced at John, their nasty smirks growing when they saw him.
"No buts Sherlock, you can't just throw women at him, and hope he will be okay with it." Sherlock chewed at his bottom lip and pulled at a loose thread on his sleeve. "Have you thought about how you would feel about this?" Sherlock sent an irritated glare at George, rolling his eyes and resisting the urge to pout.
He quickly righted himself and caught Redbeard’s reigns before the horse could run. He soothed the panicked animal before surveying his surroundings. They had fallen down a small incline, revealing another trail. Despite his better judgement, Sherlock decided to follow the new trail in hopes of finding a house or town where he could stay and rest.
Despite the embarrassment of John's younger sister hearing them, both boys were asleep shortly, wrapped tightly in each other's arms.
“I have always wanted to raise bees-”
“I’m going to stop you right there. You are bullshitting yourself again John, and you have to meet Sherlock in five minutes.” John felt his stomach tighten as he regarded his reflection.
"Something wrong, Tiny Dancer?" Sherlock smirked, shaking his head before leaning down and kissing John deeper than strictly appropriate for a school dance. He felt the change in the shorter man's stature and grinned into the kiss.
“Is there a way to undo the bond once we figure out who you are bound to?” He fought the tremor in his voice, his friends needed him to be strong right now. Sherlock stood, towering over him. Sherlock smirked, looking down at John in such a way that sent a flush over the shorter man.
“I’m tempted to do just that. You are one ungrateful son of a bitch, you know that? Get back to your room.”
John Watson demanding to be fucked was one of Sherlock's greatest weaknesses, and the blogger had no idea.
I'm here – SH
Anyways... SMUT WARNING!!!!! on this one lol... Hope you like it!!! Enjoy <3
“Yes.”
“Wait, you are a guy, right? I don’t want to assume anything.”
His Mum and Harriet had run into town, leaving Sherlock and John to fend for themselves.
"I just wondered if you wanted to go to the dance with me?" Sherlock blinked at the other boy, trying to process what was happening. He could feel the tension pouring off John, and ran his fingers along his boyfriend's neck, trying to calm the rugby player.
“Alright, I’m going to have to take your shirt and trousers off to redo the bandages. But first I want to re-set your wrist.” Sherlock had gotten his other arm set once, and it was the most painful thing he had ever gone through. That one had been a minor break, this one had been broken several times over. He shook his head, pulling his arm tight against his chest. The Beast rolled his eyes, grabbing Sherlock’s broken wrist and pulling it closer to him. Sherlock whimpered, fear filling him as he started to tremble. “This is going to hurt, but I need you to fight through the pain and don’t pass out.”
“What the hell have you done?” The thunderous voice growled, sending sparks of panic throughout Sherlock’s body. “Will someone please turn on the damned lights?” The lights flickered on and Sherlock whimpered at the sight of his captor.
“He’s not here.” John felt the panic rise in his chest again.
He hesitated as he approached John, glancing between the broken man and the blade.
“That book is ancient.” The deep, rough voice of the Siren pulled John from his thoughts. Sherlock had woken and managed to push himself onto his elbows. “I can feel the energies pouring from it’s pages.” John looked back down at the book in his hands, smirking softly at the pages.
They were still for a while until they had recovered. John slid himself out of Sherlock and cleaned them both up. They were silent as they adjusted their clothes and gathered their blades.
"His best friend left!" The room filled with tension as Sherlock slammed the glass on the desk. "Everything was fine, then one day I get called into my father's office and he tells me that your dad was fucking the priest and him and his family had been forced out."
"J-John-"
"We- we're on t-the- the floor." John chuckled softly, moving back up to kiss his boyfriend deeply, pressing him back against the floor.
"Are you happy?" Sherlock heard John's tired sigh and felt the mattress shift beside him as the other man turned to face him.
"I love you too Babe."
“Oh, I’m not looking to make you cave. I’m just killing time until he gets here.” John laughed again, a hollow, broken sound that seemed to give even Moriarty pause.
"How not good would it be if I brought a girl home for John?" Lestrade choked on his coffee, glaring at Sherlock as he fought to expel the hot liquid from his airway.
It took another ten minutes before he was steady enough for The Beast to continue working on his wounds.
"Oh, so you like that too, don't you?" Sherlock whined loudly again and moved his hips desperately, meeting each of John's thrusts and strokes. "You're going to come aren't you Baby?"
No pressure or anything – JW
John turned out to be a horrible dancer, he fell several times, and kept missing steps or landing on Sherlock's feet.
“We did, but I enjoy surprising you.” John laughed again, forgetting for a moment that Greg was standing behind him. He jumped when he felt a solid, warm hand land on his shoulder.
“What’s wrong?”
“Yes, well, it’s a pleasure to meet you Mr. Watson. There is no need for you to worry about moving your stuff, I have no intention of returning to the flat.” Sherlock watched as John’s face fell. The young man fidgeted uncomfortably and swiped his thumb over his nose.
"Y-You really think so?" John's smile faded slightly, but he nodded enthusiastically.
“Grab my Med Kit. There is a Sonic Set in there. I can repair the damage with it.” John’s voice was curt and he avoided Sherlock’s gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ready Gorgeous? You ready to come for me again?"
"Yes, and last night they were two rooms away while you were balls-deep in my arse. You didn't mind then-"
Sherlock had explained Siren biology a few nights prior, so John understood the logic of what was supposed to happen, but still found himself drifting in awe at feeling Sherlock move between his legs. He felt a cool hand cup his cheek and looked at the Siren, barely aware enough to read the hope and concern in his eyes.
"Do you have to be such a brat?"
“Please, I know you don’t give up your dead, but-”
He was sensitive, so John avoided his prostate to avoid hurting him. He gave the detective a moment to adjust before setting a brutal pace, snapping his hips forward and driving Sherlock against the wall.
“Sherlock!” His voice was a broken whisper as he stumbled over to the bed, falling to his knees and pulling Sherlock into his arms.
He gasped when what felt like a dozen fingers started caressing his body, seeming to touch every single one of his erogenous zones at once with a crackling electricity. His back arched and his eyes flew open as he writhed against the onslaught of feelings.
"Fuck me-"
We will be arriving in about 2 hrs and then we have performances all day Wednesday – SH
“Don’t do this-”
“The door’s locked.”
"At the moment, not particularly." Sherlock glared up at the ceiling, silently cursing himself for ever talking to Lestrade. He had tried to erase the thought, cleanse his mind palace of it, but he couldn't. That nasty voice in the back of his mind, the one that reminded him of every failure, kept repeating the words, trying to make them real.
"I-I don't-"
“I can heal the muscles in the cut, but I would have to re-open it-”
“Please Mycroft. Let me have what little time I can with him. He won’t hurt me. He isn’t Moriarty.”
John spun him away, pulling him back against his chest and catching his lips in a sweet kiss. Sherlock blushed lightly as he heard the team whistling again. He hid his face in John's neck, laughing along with his boyfriend.
“You are well versed in my kind’s rituals.”
“If you like what I’m about to show you, I can arrange to have you moved down to this level so you don’t have to worry about me carrying you every time you want to come down here.” Sherlock nodded uncertainly, still slightly wary of his captor.
“John.”
“Sherlock, stop. We need to get going or we are going to be late.” John swatted Sherlock’s hands away from his belt for the fifth time since he managed to get them on.
“You dated him for three months, you would go to coffee shops, and the library. You hunted for a way to bring him back, then when you finally figured it out, you wound up with me and I broke your heart.” John sighed, Sherlock knew the memories, but didn’t have the emotions that went with them. At least he remembered who John was.
"There's my Tiny Dancer." John whispered, brushing an errant curl out of Sherlock's eyes. "Now, what's going on?" Sherlock shrugged, reaching up to play with the collar of John's Rugby jacket. "Come on, something is stressing you out. What is it?"
“Very well. I will inform The Master that you are awake and have reopened your wounds. Would you like some tea?” Sherlock nodded timidly, hoping that whoever this Master was, he would take pity on him and just kill him. “I will send Mrs. Hudson up. Greg, with me please?”
“If I can figure out what the hell is causing this, then hopefully yes.”
"John-"
He spurred Redbeard into a gallop, shouting into the air in hopes of either scaring off the predator, or drawing the attention of a hunter. He was fully panicking as they roared through the ice-covered woods.
"-p-probably wearing sneakers and sweatpants as he would have been on his morning jog-"
“You aren’t concerned?”
“A meeting? With who? I have no memory of you having a meeting today.”
“I-In the alley. Outside the studio. Please hurry.”
He looked like a true Prince, standing in his torn, dirty clothes. John grinned up at him, reaching for his hand and pulling him close.
“Yes.”
John laughed, waving his friends off and blushing, he dropped his head against Sherlock's chest, still chuckling as the boys jumbled the words. Sherlock watched his boyfriend, his mind spinning as he took in the embarrassed joy on the other boy's face.
“Please tell me you’re kidding?”
“Alright, time to get you home.” He paid the bill and wrapped John’s arm around his neck, grabbing the shorter man’s waist and hauling him from the bar. It was too late to catch a cab and they weren’t far from John’s flat, so Greg slowly led John down the sidewalk, trying to keep him from stumbling.
John felt a flare of anger towards his little sister, how could she possibly think pushing him on this poor boy was a good idea?
I will – SH
“I love you.”
He heard a soft knocking on his door, and frantically adjusted his blankets. He hadn’t bothered to put his shirt back on after The Beast left earlier, and now he was regretting that decision.
“No. At least not that I know of. Why? Is there a problem?”
“Y-Yes.” John whispered, nearly whimpering as Sherlock pulled away. The Siren’s eye glinted, danger with the slightest hint of nervousness as he swam onto the boat. He sat on the floor and pulled John onto his lap, cupping his cheek and bringing him in for a soft kiss.
You should Skype me when you get to the hotel – JW
"Can we go home now?"
“Eighty-six for minor wounds, one-twenty-two for anything worse.” Sherlock nodded and set about repairing the damage.
"J-John-"
"You're sure?"
"I got a scholarship for The Julliard School of Dance. If I accept I will be moving to New York in September." John felt cold fingers grip his heart as Sherlock's words registered. "You're going into the army, aren't you?" John drew in a shaky breath, nodding silently and pressing a soft kiss to his boyfriend's hair. "We're going to be okay, right John?" Sherlock sounded so scared, his voice small and shaky, breaking John's heart as he shifted, pulling the other boy up for a soft kiss.
“Hey Mikey!” John called, waving at the shorter man. He laughed as Mike all but ran to them, colliding with John and nearly knocking him over with the force of his hug. “It’s good to see you too.” He yelped as Mike pinched his side harshly, flinching away and rubbing at the bruising skin. “Oi! What was that for?”
“I need you to get me into your Chem lab. I have some tissues I need you to sample and we need some heavy-duty scanners.” Mike seemed to hesitate, not that John blamed him; smuggling someone into a Chem lab like that was not exactly approved of. “If you would rather, I can give you samples of the tissues. I just need you to identify what is tainting the samples.”
“Goodbye John.” He allowed himself to fade away, leaving before his heart stopped.
"I'm a freak. I'm too smart for my own good, and I suffer from Dysphoria so intense I believe I was born in the wrong body. I'm not a good person to be friends with."
“Fuck you.”
“Hello?”
“He loves you.” The vaguely familiar voice of Mary filled his thoughts. He set Sherlock’s body back on the bed and turned to her, preparing to beg her forgiveness.
“Don’t.” Sherlock stepped back, his chest tight and breathing ragged. “Don’t lie to me John, not again.”
"Well, you got me under here, and I'm still waiting for my kiss." Sherlock rolled his eyes but leaned down, pressing his lips timidly against John's.
The paperwork had arrived the next day, and by the end of the week, John was back at the studio, being prepped for filming.
“Y-You?” He heard Mikey’s voice, but didn’t turn, trying desperately to ignore his friend. “H-How- I-I don’t-” John heard a scuffle and a soft grunt, but continued fighting with the ropes.
Time and his Doctor.
"You. Please John- fuck me, please." John smirked and lowered his lips to meet Sherlock's collarbone.
“No! You’re not real! John! John!” His vision blurred as his breathing turned erratic. Warm arms pulled him into their firm embrace and his mind was filled with memories of Victor. He could remember long nights spent in the other man’s arms, days spent apart so no one found out. He remembered stolen kisses in the university supply closet.
“Hello Sherlock! It’s been too long! You’ve been causing some trouble, haven’t you? Normally I am all for chaos, but Daddy’s had enough now.” His voice was grating, and Sherlock felt the familiar sense of panic at his words. This man had nearly killed Sherlock once, and had been trying to take the Entities ever since.
Must we trade favors every time? – SH
“Are you asking me to meet your parents?” Sherlock hesitated, shifting closer to John’s side and trailing his fingers along the smaller man’s chest and stomach. “Sherlock?”
“I’m a ghost John. I’m bound to the flat, I can’t just ‘go out’ like a normal human.”
"Fuck- Sherlock, please- I-I need-" John was nearly incoherent by the time Sherlock reached his third finger, rocking his hips and gripping the sheets.
“We need to get you back to bed-” Sherlock grabbed his face with more strength than he should have had, and pulled him up for a kiss.
He repeated the process twice before moving over to the next lung.
He looked flawless.
“Well, not yet at least.” The wardrobe shuffled towards him, moving far more gracefully than a massive cabinet should be able to. “My name is Irene. What’s yours?”
If there was one thing John Watson knew about Sherlock Holmes, it was how easily the detective could be turned on. With a few whispered words and well-timed touches, John could have the normally composed detective a quivering mess of desperate whimpers and pleas.
“John-”
“Well, well, look who decided to join the land of the living.” The mysterious voice came from the darkness off to Sherlock’s left, but there was no one there.
“I may be, but I refuse to subject John to anymore of your abuse.” With that, John was pushed out the door into the night air.
SMUT WARNING!!! Awkward first time for the boys
John stumbled back as Moriarty lashed at him, the knife catching on his shirt as he narrowly avoided the blade.
"Good," John said, stepping slightly closer to the detective and licking his lips in
“Dude, what is the worst that can happen?” Greg laughed and placed another beer in front of the med student.
The action shouldn’t have shocked John, but he gasped nonetheless. He had seen Sherlock sitting in chairs and other furniture before, but something about this was different, more amazing.
John pushed his thoughts aside and focused on sailing away from Sherlock Holmes.
Less than five minutes later, Sherlock Holmes was unbound and standing before John in his cabin. The silence that filled the space between them was awkward, neither sure what to say.
“Maybe he could make you human again.” Sherlock hesitated, a sad sort of frown pulling at his brows.
“Nope. She knows what I do and she must have figured it out when I told her your name.”
"Sherlock, that's enough!" John snapped, rubbing his hands over his face and glaring at the detective, trying to catch his attention. Sherlock rolled his eyes, ignoring John and continuing to spout abuse at Lestrade and the detectives filling their flat.
“So, this is what you want? The shell of his brilliance? You want to have him nearly dead and unresponsive, just so that he won’t be with me?” Moriarty spun to face John, fury on his face. “What’s wrong? Jealous that I don’t need some twisted song to get Sherlock’s love?” The Spider growled and stepped closer to John, trembling with rage. “How much does it piss you off? Knowing that I’ve made him writhe, and that he’s let me, willingly?”
"Why would you think you're making me uncomfortable?" Sherlock sighed, trying to free himself from John's grip while keeping the towel tight around his chest.
“A lot. I can’t sustain it for too long. I just wanted to see if it would work.” Sherlock pulled his hand away, and John fought back the flash of disappointment that followed. Sherlock shifted closer, leaving only inches between them, the man and the ghost.
"S-So, if I were to- to ask you out?" John grinned, shuffling closer to the timid boy.
"John-" Sherlock stopped walking, glaring at his boyfriend. "How do you think it's going to look when word gets out that the whole football team ganged up on him after he attacked me? People already think I'm fucking half of them-"
The movie was enjoyable, an interesting premise with decent music, and several times, Sherlock found himself laughing along with John.
“Shut up.” John sighed, rubbing his face with his hands and finishing off his pint. An idea struck him, one that he hoped would work. “I’ve got to get going. I’ll see you tomorrow?” He dropped a couple of bills on the table and left, heading to the nearest office supply store.
“Make her give him back!”
“No Sherlock. No, we- we can’t.” The pale man blushed, stepping back slightly. John watched hurt fill the pale eyes of his friend.
John stopped just before his bed, pulling Sherlock close and brushing his fingers along his cheekbones.
He dipped his fingers in the oil and warmed it slightly before pressing against Sherlock's entrance.
“Don’t know. Hasn’t shown yet.”
"Hmm, Sherlock, I like that." The boy flashed him a grin, one that made him look much younger than it should have, and leaned in close, not touching, but effectively pinning the detective to the cold brick. "What do you want, Sherlock? Name it and I'll give you a price-"
"If you wish for the Parlay to be fulfilled, then stop tugging on your ropes. You'll injure your wrists." John spoke, loud enough for his voice to be heard over his crew. The pale man's eyes met his and a chill ran down his spine.
"Why not?" He barely caught Sherlock's reluctant mumble and stepped closer. "What's wrong?"
He was nearly finished packing his bag when he felt timid hands settle on his hips. He grinned and spun, facing his boyfriend and pulling the taller boy in for a hug.
"Tell me, Brother Mine, how was your date with Gavin last night? Did he at least pay for your cab home after he finished-"
He couldn’t stop the words from spilling.
“Yeah, Gavin. That was funny.”
“Sherlock-” John’s words died on his tongue as Moriarty pressed the blade that had been at his throat between his teeth and against his tongue. He felt the sting of the blade and tasted blood.
Sherlock saw the flickering lights of the town looming in the distance, and felt an impending sense of dread.
“You killed yourself.” He whispered, standing and stepping closer to his ghostly friend. Sherlock blinked rapidly and nodded slightly.
"I know Mate, but it won't matter if John is happy if you're miserable. Talk to him, find something that will work for both of you." Sherlock nodded, his mind spinning as he pushed himself out of the chair, thanking Lestrade and leaving New Scotland Yard.
"That's amazing." Sherlock blinked rapidly, unsure how to process the conversation. Even his conversations with Victor in the beginning hadn't gone like this.
“Thank you, Mycroft.”
“Same here, think he’d appreciate a fruit basket?” Sherlock laughed, a deep, full-bodied laugh that filled John with joy. When they had finally settled down, the room was filled with a comfortable silence as they looked at each other.
“Yes Sherlock?”
He stumbled upon an old, rusted door. Memories of his death starting to flood back. He had locked himself in the darkest corner of his mind palace to avoid the pain. He took a deep breath and grabbed the handle, forcing the door open. He was greeted with a morbid sight.
“Thank you, Sherlock Holmes.”
"Possibly."
It wasn't as though Sherlock hadn't called John Daddy before, because he always did when talking to Rosie, but something about this time was different.
It was fire, ice, life and death. It was perfect, and Sherlock wouldn’t have it any other way.
