Castiel took the leaves to his dish, which was now tidily displayed in a white bowl, with six green and salty olives dotted atop it. Dean didn’t know when Cas had made a sauce, but there was now a sauce, and Castiel trailed it in a dripping mustard-yellow spiral around the top of his risotto. Lastly, he sprinkled coriander shreds on its top, giving it a fresh look.
“Hate to burst your bubble there, Gabriel, but when it comes to sins of the flesh, I’m pretty content being alive,” Dean said dully, pulling out his wand. He began setting the desks back where they were supposed to be, and Castiel and Charlie joined him. “I’m not about to jump out a window and join your freaky dead teacher cult. There’s enough of you roaming the hallways as it is.”
Dean blinked low, watching Castiel’s free hand. His forearm was steady on his leg, his wrist dangling from his knee.
how long I’ve wanted to kiss you in front of people.”
“So what’s one more broken rule, anyway?” Dean smiled.
“Well, your turn will come around quicker now, won’t it?” Sam smiled.
They were inches apart. Candlelight shone through the sides of their irises, and Dean hoped his eyes were made to look as spectacular as Castiel’s were in that moment. He hoped Castiel saw a beautiful person before him, because Dean couldn’t bear to imagine loving Castiel this much, as much as he did, and not have him feel equal love in return. Love for his personality, his smell, his face, his eyes; his touch, his smile. Oh, that little smile. That shy tilt on the corner of his mouth, fascinated and amused that Dean took such an interest in him at all.
“Neither of us know what happened to our parents. My first memory is of my mom. Yellow room... warm hands. She’s reaching down to pick me up, singing to me. After then, I got nothing. Next thing I know, I’m six years old, living on the streets and doing my utmost to look after my two-year-old brother.”
The gathered masses screamed in reaction, but Castiel lifted his torso, glaring at Dean hard enough that Dean gulped. “Stop trying to distract me,” Castiel rasped, lightning-hot inside. “I
Castiel looked down, patting exactly where the custard wasn’t.
Dean knocked on Moseley’s door, and a second later, her cheerful, plummy voice called, “Come ih-iiin!”
“Hm.”
“He’d spent years cultivating a new species,” Moseley said, a sweet smile pulling at her round cheeks. “He said that room was made for love, to grow love, and to make wishes come true. And it was then I knew: I wasn’t the only one who felt what I felt.”
His heart thudded, and he was sure the beat was visible in his throat. Though he couldn’t lift his gaze from the luminance inside the cauldron, he sensed Castiel looking back at him, at his eyes.
so happy,” Dean grouched. “Ball’s tomorrow night. And I’m... I’m not even the slightest bit prepared, am I? I got my Prince Charming, but... that’s all. I can’t even make myself a damn dress ‘cause – God, it just makes me
...” He looked down and grasped one breast with his free hand, but there was barely anything to squeeze. “I feel too big in this body, I move too rough...” He shook his head. “I hate those days.”
“Do I?”
Dean’s easygoing smile slipped a bit. “Yeah,” he said, hesitantly.
A phoenix fluttered out from its alcove, flying in a swift arc to perch behind Castiel. Castiel looked back at it. Its brown talons curled around the wrought iron barrier separating the tower’s huge glassless window from the quarry far below. Behind the phoenix, stars twinkled against a perfect navy-blue sky. Castiel watched the bird glow brighter, its core turning yellow when he met the magical creature’s eyes.
“Do you want children?” Castiel asked, eventually.
“Enjoy your magic while it lasts,” Charlie smiled. “A whole eighteen days without your wand is going to be a real shock to the system.”
“You jacking off to me?” Dean asked, although it was clear already.
“Yeah! But there’s something else!”
Charlie shook her head. “I’m doing my best, trying to get her to open the doors on teachers’ personal relationships. I can’t believe she’s still on about that, given we’ve all seen how she looks at Professor D’Angel.”
, did that make my day.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “I— I wanna file a claim. Extraction of, say...” his voice wavered, and went quiet, “fifteen thousand U.S. dollars...”
Castiel pushed his lips together in a facial shrug. “Like you. Socially confident, good with casual speech, able to eat anything. Loud, messy—”
They watched together as Castiel reached the shore and began to undress.
“Yeah, and you weren’t there!” Dean huffed. “I found your church, by the way.”
, Cas.” Dean’s eyes travelled up, from Castiel’s thick, meaty cock to his pubic hair, to his half-unbuttoned shirt. Up and up to his face.
And more importantly, Dean and Cas were just friends.
, the welcome mat said in black. Castiel smiled, and went inside.
tips. Ten more minutes and we’re outta here. You’ll catch Jess, I swear. She said she wouldn’t take off until you saw her. Okay? It’s not even five o’clock yet. Deep breath, alright?”
Castiel breathed. “Uhm.”
how you managed to eat so much. You showed up at the table twice.”
It was true that Castiel valued freedom. But not
, and Dean felt himself burning, hearing lyrics he’d loved to forget he ever wrote.
Dean turned his head and watched his friends carrying their stuff towards the gates of the rental place. Sam buzzed them in, one thumb on the silver box at the side.
He whipped up his cream cheese until it was light and fluffy and spreadable, and put a good helping on his sandwich, making sure to keep to the kitchen island and not go anywhere near the oven, always mindful of the kosher rules. Granted, it wasn’t as if any of the Jewish (or Muslim) people who wanted kosher barbecue would find out if he slipped up one time, and accidentally confused meat-only and dairy-only equipment – but he wasn’t about to slip up.
“Meh,” Dean smiled, batting a dismissive hand. He sank into one of Qurdruk’s most comfortable throw pillows, spreading out. “Let me see how Charms goes for a year. Then I’ll reconsider maybe teaching Defence too. I’ve never taught a whole class before. For all I know, it could be like instructing between ten and thirty-five versions of
“It’s smoke, man, it’s not exactly meat still. Burnt to oblivion.”
“You never really fit into Zunbyrd house,” Dean said. “You’re all about freedom, sure, but not freedom the way others define it. Not how Charlie defines it. And you’re not a born-and-bred Jinstem, either, or else you’d have been in Jinstem with me. And Qurdruk— I mean, Sam fits Qurdruk to a tee – he wants to understand everything. He’s the one who gave me a stack of books on autism. Can’t say I read them all, but I read a few.”
As if urging Castiel to join Dean, a phoenix trilled an encouraging note, lifting and falling like
“Really?” Dean looked delighted. “I got your prostate on the first try? Holy shit.” He leaned further over Castiel, his flaccid cock hanging down between his thighs. “I’m gonna try another finger. Relax for me.”
“What’s this position called?” Castiel asked.
Part-way through the dance, Castiel noticed a movement and glanced down to the table. Sarah had written a message on a napkin, and now slid it across to Dean.
Castiel, meanwhile, had a potion bubbling bright yellow, whistling cheerful notes every time a bubble burst. Dean erected a small force-field around his own potion, afraid some of that yellow potion would try and leap into his cauldron, which was only three feet away.
Brimming with curiosity, Charlie stepped back, and Castiel entered.
With a grimace of defeat, Dean dropped his boots back to the half-melted tarmac and took up his box. He got back into his car and put the delicious-smelling barbeque on the seat beside him.
Dean reversed the car back, planning to park it off-road. But as he reached the second point of his three-point turn, he slammed on the brakes. Sam stood in front of him, both hands on the hood.
Castiel nodded. “I probably would.”
A soft knock came at the bathroom door, and Dean turned around to open it.
Dean let his head rest back, and he stared at the textured curve of the roof.
“What are you trying to change?” Dean asked, hoping he wasn’t pushing his luck. Castiel had never spoken so candidly about his precious potion.
The song ended, and there was no applause. The band didn’t even play the finishing notes, they just stopped.
“So, this one...?”
Castiel crammed his sandwich in his mouth and kept it there, hands free to take his spoon and ladle out a pile of his rice onto Dean’s condensation-speckled plate. Dean was happy with that, and dug in, humming and mumbling happy noises as he tipped the plate and scooped up every damn grain of goodness. Beside him, Castiel basked in the glory of Dean’s newest masterpiece.
Dean’s eyes shot up. “You are?”
“Psckhh,” Dean said, before wiping spit off his face with his sleeve. “In that case, you’re good at being unreadable.”
Castiel nodded, eyes wide. “Oh, absolutely. I’ve never enjoyed sharing my kitchen with anyone, and last week— Well. It was incredible for me. I thought I was too hard to work with. Now I’m wondering if—”
“Nut free, gluten free, egg free—”
articles and gone straight for the fashion, and now he realised he’d missed a great big glaring neon-bright clue that Castiel was not all he seemed.
When Castiel still couldn’t find the words to respond, Dean turned his gaze towards the tower as they approached. “You like eating ice cream, Cas. Why? Because it’s cold and it barely has a texture. It’s the way you dress, in soft waistcoats and velvet, and a cravat around your neck. Always the same thing every day. You stand too close to me – you always have, even when we first met. And that charm you added to the blanket on your bed, making it heavy. The way all your soaps are lined up in the shower—”
“Two fingers.”
: to thrust out. You tried to put my boobs back, but you got the other meaning. To make bare, to uncover. And my mask fell off.” Dean nudged Castiel with his elbow. “If you’d been coming to my Charms classes the way I’ve been coming to your Potions classes, you would’ve known how to control which meaning you go for.”
before.
“You,” Castiel muttered. “Me.” He kissed Dean’s belly again, and slunk up Dean’s front, lying atop him again. His face was shiny with come, and he was still grinning as he kissed Dean, letting come slide off his tongue and into Dean’s wanting, open mouth. “This is revolting.”
“I don’t need a
Dean let Castiel carry on making whatever he was making, and he watched the colourful quill write notes as he went along. Books floated down from the air, and Castiel read passages, muttering under his breath before turning back to his cauldron. Dean watched the candles flicker, and he watched Castiel push his hair out of his face over and over, but he didn’t speak.
Dean helped Castiel drag his feet from the room, shutting the door behind them. The potion would die on its own, slowly ceasing to glow, until its magical properties drained completely. It had died that way two hundred times before and Dean still didn’t know its purpose.
?!” the woman snapped, shoving a wand box back into its glass cubby. “Where are your manners, boy?”
“You’re already tired,” Dean said, letting his hands slip from Castiel’s neck back to the table. He twiddled a herb between his fingers absentmindedly, his gaze focused on the shadowed skin under Castiel’s eyes, and the lopsided drag of his mouth. “Cas, you look like shit.”
“As much as I’d love to double up on Defence, I couldn’t do what you’ve been doing,” Dean said softly. “Over the years I’ve watched you run yourself into the ground, living every weekday twice, even three times. Students wince when they see you looking so tired. I do too. I hate to say it, Charlie, but anyone who cares for you feels bad for you. We only let you carry on like this because we know you love the madness.”
A lopsided smirk slowly crawled up Castiel’s face. His eyes lowered to Dean’s mouth, then back up – then he looked away, still smiling.
“Oh yeah.”
This song was crooning and slow, and one of the drum players got up to sing.
, Dean. It’s taken me years of my life to think and act more like other people. Even my clothes. If I dressed the way I wanted I would walk through the hallways draped in only a jersey blanket. I can’t stand clothes against my skin, I can’t bear the fabric! I hate textures, I hate smells, I hate loud noises—”
Dean frowned at Castiel. “Lavender?”
Castiel patted Dean on the back, then helped him do up his bra. It was the white one with the pink bow.
“Cas?” Dean asked, the name barely a whisper.
“Guess I’ll be up late, then,” the younger Charlie said. She glanced at Dean, who was trying to piece it all together. “The other Charlie is me from later tonight,” Charlie explained. “Once I’ve reviewed my plan for tomorrow’s Flying classes, I’ll take a nap, then scoot back to this afternoon and mark fifth- and second-year Defence papers until you and me walk in, now.”
Dean shook his head. “I’m just Dean. All day, every day.”
“It’s six in the morning, you’re imagining things,” Charlie said, her cheek squashed against her mother’s warm shoulder. “Mmm, you smell like oatmeal.”
“No...” Dean shrugged slowly. “No, I... I just wanted to make sure you know.”
It faded.
above all else. So Sam sought to understand his brother. He asked questions, but Dean didn’t want to answer. Sam tried to start conversations, but Dean would end them. Sam tried so many ways to reach out, but Dean was so lost in his world of girls and books and stress that Sam decided that, for the sake of their relationship, it was safer to step back.
Behind him, he heard Castiel whisper, “Bye.” Charlie and Gertrude carried on talking when he was gone.
“Good news is, there’s plenty of fun, un-boring ways to remember things. Studying is one thing. Repeat-repeat-repeat. Practise makes perfect. We all hear that. But that sucks, and it’s frustrating, and time-consuming. I find the best way to remember
“No...” Charlie said, smiling again. “Well, okay, maybe. I was just wondering why we’re doing a Valentine’s Day celebration in the first place. Why not save that part of the budget for Halloween? That’s way... witchier.”
“Miffed hmm?” Dean swallowed hard, panting as the cayenne and a crisp edge rawed his throat. “Seriously? He was here?”
Dean laughed, coming up behind Castiel to straighten him from his folded-over position. “C’mere. It wasn’t fast... Here, let me take a look.” Castiel rubbed his cheek, turning his face to Dean. “Ah, just a bit red. Put some ice on it when we go in, it’ll be fine. Bet it won’t even bruise.”
Dean felt the sweet breeze carry away his flustered sweat, and he sighed, eyes slipping closed. “Oh, yeah,” he murmured. When he opened his eyes, he beamed at Castiel. Then he giggled, covering his face with his hands. “Oh my God.”
how good Castiel’s baking is. Mm.” With two cakes scooped into black napkins, Mary and Charlie both sampled Castiel’s gift, and hummed in amazement.
, Cas. What do you want me to say, exactly? They’re star-crossed lovers? Destined for each other? You know that sounds ridiculous, right? They’re just animals. It’s about getting what they need to further their species, it’s nothing to do with love.”
Skyking swept his hand away. But Sam kept his palm open, asking in silence.
“Because,” Dean said, his voice thick with forceful tension, “I—” His lower lip bulged as he ground his teeth together. “I don’t have anything to wear,” he finished, his words weak, his torso sinking into a pathetic droop. He hung his head, one hand stretched through his hair.
“Is that what Skink said?” Dean grinned. “Stand here.” Dean stepped back, and he took Castiel by the back of the hips and pushed him up to the plate. “You’re gonna hit some baseballs.”
Dean half-smirked, sucking his bottom lip.
“Who you callin’ messy?”
Dean took a deep breath, blinking and looking hastily away when Castiel lowered his hand. Dean’s eyes roamed the bed again, feeling a strange anxiety take hold. He felt as though nobody quite understood him right now. He wanted to tell everyone in the room that all he craved was a mom – he just wanted a house, and a partner – and he wanted to be Firelash, cared for by her beloved mate, soon to be caring for another...
Charlie shrugged a shoulder. “I dunno. Maybe just...” She leaned forward. “Look, the kids get to date. They find boyfriends and girlfriends all over, whenever. We don’t tamp down on that, because that’s like, some kind of personal violation. Right?”
Dean shrugged. “Mine’s closer.”
They drove on.
“But we only ever see you in waistcoats and shirts and pants,” Sam said, sitting back on his heels now. He hadn’t moved from Dean’s feet.
Castiel glanced up, and in the reflected sun, the gaze of his blue eyes pierced through Dean like lightning. Castiel had a dark tan and he’d grown out a fuzzy beard. He’d never looked so alluring. Dean brought his knees in closer.
“No, no, wait for it...” Dean held up a finger, grinning. He breathed out one last time, then pulled in a deep, preparing breath. “I’m gonna become a school teacher.”
“You’ve pulled out nearly three dozen wands, ma’am. Is there a good reason you’re not letting these-here kids try them on for size?”
Dean stood by and watched – first the pan... then Cas.
sugar. It’s not made of wheat or corn but I promise you, that doesn’t mean it’s any less sturdy or delicious. To make the pie vegan all I had to do was swap butter for coconut oil, cow milk for coconut milk, and gelatin for agar-agar. Which is made from algae, but that shouldn’t be any more off-putting than gelatin coming from cow hooves. Have you ever had peach and coconut pie?”
“No, I mean children,” Castiel said. “Baby witches and wizards. Perhaps Muggles or squibs, I don’t mind.”
Not understanding...?
Dean couldn’t believe Cas had done that. Cas.
tonight, is it?”
“Mm,” Castiel hummed, assuring Dean that was okay. He was ready.
“But that wasn’t—”
surprised, why don’t you,” Dean said, grinning.
Dean’s tiger tiptoed over the stacked desks, as Castiel’s dragon followed it in somewhat less gainly fashion. Apparently encouraged by the sight of the chaos, Gabriel pulled out his ghostly wand, and he effortlessly summoned his own Patronus.
“I’m demisexual,” Castiel said, although Dean already knew. “Demiromantic, as well. So far it’s only ever been you. I’m beginning to suspect it might only
Charlie gaped at him, surprised. “Did he say something to you? Did he tell you?”
The wind changed direction about four p.m., which seemed like a relief, except it was rather too little, too late, as
Dean looked at Charlie in alarm. “You said that?!”
Dean closed the Principal’s door quietly, eyes on the other young man. “Yeah,” Dean said, without inflection.
Dean sat up straighter. “You wanna go to the Astronomy tower? Best view of the stars is from there.”
“Dean...”
Dean’s eyes were indeed green.
Castiel finally lifted his eyes from the potion and gazed back at Dean. Dean loosened his grip on his face, holding the warm sides of his neck instead.
“I was in there a minute ago,” Castiel said. “Wishing. Wishing you’d pull through.”
Amidst all the growling and yaps of affectionate banter, he heard Dean cry out, “Oh, come on, not
Castiel washed his blender cup more carefully than anyone probably ever had, and then finished off by rinsing it with boiling water from the kettle. Once dry, Dean had to borrow it first to make himself some rice flour.
Dean tapped his wand and the slide changed. The next slide was Daniel Wesson again, his neutral expression replaced by a sad one. A few girls in the class went “
“Astronomy used to be one of my best subjects,” Castiel said quietly, eyes roaming the skies. “But now I try and remember anything I learned, and I realise I only studied to pass the test. I was so fascinated by the stories attached to the stars but now I recall nothing.”
“Hm?”
“No.” Dean stared forward, looking at nothing in particular. “It just changes. Or maybe I just feel weird in a dress because the dress is ripped to hell.”
“I don’t dream about you,” Castiel said, looking up. “Well, I did once, but—” He looked away, embarrassed. “That was the only time.” He began to frown, and he swallowed, the stubbled skin of his throat tucking neatly to his diamond jaw. “That’s a lie. I dream about you a lot.”
Castiel moaned too, shutting his eyes as he swallowed a small mouthful of pre-come. Whenever Dean got this affected by physical arousal, Castiel felt himself taken over by a mirrored pleasure, hot and cold and tense all over, his cock thick and painfully hard between his legs. Just the thought of Dean’s moans could be enough to arouse him. And the thought of Dean coming into Castiel’s mouth—
“Hello, Dean.”
“The point is I’m makin’ it for you,” Dean said. “I wanna get you to taste something crunchy and savoury-sweet that still lets the natural flavours come through. I just gotta figure out what to use instead of bread. I don’t have all your fancy vegan ingredients. Just potatoes, ketchup, spices, and canned stuff.”
Charlie nodded. Moseley’s back was turned to Dean and Castiel, and her face was hidden behind her wild, massive bun of kinky black hair, but Charlie was still visible, so Dean and Castiel watched the proceedings without feeling they were eavesdropping.
“Nah,” Dean laughed, shaking his head. “I was gonna break up with you.”
Dean thought that was rich coming from a fake bird whose babies never grew, but he appreciated her input regardless. “Thanks,” he said. He turned away, giving her a small wave. “See you around, I guess.”
Dragon Den: Eros for Eternity
. The worst part was that it
They got halfway up and Castiel had to reach for Dean’s hand, needing help to climb. The stairs were steep and they were already too many feet up. Castiel wasn’t afraid of heights but he knew Dean was; Dean must’ve been terrified to check on their progress, and Castiel didn’t want to hinder him.
Sam, and Mom.”
The clock read thirty-four minutes past eight. Dean and Charlie were both over half an hour late.
There was so much positive energy in the room, but even as Castiel sat and absorbed it all, he couldn’t help the tickle of worry that he swallowed down along with the butterbeer foam.
Charlie huffed, smiling a tiny bit. She sipped her pumpkin juice, surprised by its sweet flavour. This was the good stuff.
“Dati— OH! No. No, it’s— Not exactly a date. Well, it could be? But I mean, no. It’s a housewarming party. Mine. I just moved to a new place, just figured I should have my pals come ‘round, hang out, have some beers, play a few rounds. Christen the place, so to speak. It’s casual. You could bring some of your fancy desserts if you wanted, but no pressure. I’d wanna try it again, though. It’s awesome. Seriously. Maybe then Sam would believe that the Meat Man actually ate something vegan. He’d wouldn’t believe me even if I told him I’m the one stealing his lettuce.”
thing.”
Their faces were barely two inches apart. Their breath mingled, warm on each other’s chins.
Castiel snorted a laugh.
a woman, I just wanna
His eyes skipped from the meat to the salad, then to the pastel-yellow box. A pinch formed between his brows, and he reached to lift the lid between thumb and finger, peering underneath.
Castiel shifted in his seat again. “You’re not wrong.”
Dean was glad he didn’t specify which hand; Dean wanted to touch between his legs, not his cock. With his right hand, he pushed the sides of his shirt aside, and he set his fingers in his mouth, moaning as he sucked pre-come off his fingertips. “Mh...
“And the other one,” Dean said, kicking Castiel’s shoe aside. “You get a floor like this, you gotta dance.”
Charlie was not like Cas; she could figure out when Dean was telling lies without any squinting or head-tilting whatsoever. “You
When Dean heard the scraping of stools being pushed back on the stone floor, he opened the classroom door and stood back to let the students out.
“I’m not going to hate it,” Dean scoffed. “I called in one of my many,
He grinned when he heard a hiss of “
Dean felt his mouth twitch in a slight downward push. Was he upset, was he relieved? Was he angry? He really didn’t know.
Dean glared at Gabriel, then turned soft eyes on Castiel. “Yeah,” Dean said firmly. “Exactly like an orgasm. Emotional buildup and release.”
Charlie was laughing in the truck with Sam and hadn’t yet seen Castiel – but at the sound of knuckles rapped on hollow metal, realised there was an unexpected customer waiting, and leaned forward. “Hey there, what can I get yooooohh
“Is it weird if I think about you lot?” Charlie asked, checking over her shoulder.
Charlie calmed down after a minute. She lifted her head, and through great force of will, she kept her face from looking upset. “Wh-which class do you think I should keep?”
Sam licked his lips thoughtfully, then he raised his eyebrows and sat back in his seat. “Uh. Wow.”
Castiel hurried to the mini-fridge, took off his apron and collected his goodies, then hurried back, arms laden with things he tried hard not to drop. “Water. Carbonated drinks. And cake. Hope you like chocolate.”
Castiel dropped his hands and leaned forward, driven by an urge; he
Dean flustered, but kept smiling, trudging back to his barstool and sitting. “Maybe, uh... some other time.” He filled his spoon and drew it closer, eyes on Cas’ sparkling blue stare. “Yeah?”
Charlie looked up through the white mist of the fountain again. Dean and Castiel leaned against each other, speaking closely and privately. Charlie couldn’t see if they were smiling but she had no doubt they were.
“Oh, you
yeah. Better than good. Was amazing.”
Castiel stepped into the moonlight, his face meeting with a hint of a cold breeze. He could smell the desert, its bitter, settling dust caught upon eddies of the wind.
His face...
“I think you’d better get to bed,” Castiel said kindly. “It must be after three already.”
“Right,” Dean nodded. “Because you were playing umpire at the Quidditch match all day today, so you didn’t have time to mark papers.”
Dean knew this was the real Cas. True enough, the guy who made darling little gluten free cakes was the real Cas too, and the shy buttoned-up satin-wearing church boy, that was him just as rightly. But
before I began avoiding inflammatory foods and anything in the ingredient list that’s a number and not a word I already know. My family weren’t like me, they didn’t— They didn’t make the kind of allowances you’ve been making for me.”
“Oh,” Dean said. He realised he’d completely misinterpreted this interaction. “Oh— Okay. That’s fine. I’ll, uh. I’ll be inside. You know, where it’s not roasting. Come in when you’re ready. Before you pass out, please.” Dean got up, pulling his too-hot shirt back on. With a gulp, he turned away and went back to the trap door, lifting the rope to pull the wooden square up. Sand drained from it and Dean trod down the steps.
Castiel lowered his head, kissing Dean’s warm, bare shoulder. “I thought you weren’t coming.”
Castiel turned a page.
“Whoa,” Dean grinned. “Thank you, Eros.”
Castiel took a breath, holding it for a few second before he sighed. “We... We agreed...”
The music of the birds became part of their souls, in a way. Phoenixes had a habit of doing that. Legends spoke of their songs striking fear into the hearts of the evil, and lighting the fires of courage in the good.
The room filled with a building drone of “OoooooooOOOHHH...”
“Listen here, Mr. Winchester,” Gertrude said, looking at Dean sternly. “If you don’t have something nice to say, don’t say anything at all.”
some love!
He wanted to be sexually intimate with Dean, Castiel realised.
Sam turned around, a sparkle in his eye. “Hey.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Cas, I thought— I thought what we had was...” His voice caught in his throat. “How much of our time together
“So they’re shady guys, but they’re
But Castiel, it seemed, was not yet done. He bent lower, eyes set on Dean’s until he sank so low he had to close them; his nose swept Dean’s chest, little kisses trailing down.
Castiel learned how to play baseball. He didn’t play it well – he consigned himself to the outfield, where he could catch any balls that flew his way. He was used to things flying fast at his face. That was what made him a great Quidditch Keeper. The same task was harder on the ground; no broomsticks, no magic balls. Just running and dust and too much sun.
He grinned when he heard a few whines of “Ewww.”
An hour before the phoenix carriages were scheduled to leave, Dean arrived in the Qurdruk common room – and he took Sam completely by surprise.
” Castiel replied. “
“Now,” Dean began to pace, getting into his usual stride. “I asked you all to bring some food along. Raise your hand if you brought something.”
!” Sam snapped, pushing Charlie’s arm off him. “Cravats! Bow ties! Suspenders, belts, clean socks, fifteen pairs of shoes! All these colours, all these fabrics, and not one thing Dean could
of something small and metal dropping into the sink. The water ran, and then there was more scuffling.
The room was quiet for a while. Dean’s eyes moved around expectantly, hoping for a reaction.
“I know – crazy, right?” Charlie laughed, but her heart wasn’t in it. She was serious.
Dean got up and sat beside Castiel, kissing his cheek. Castiel kissed back, but his eyes didn’t leave the papers in his lap.
“Sorry,” Castiel said. He set his feet steady and wriggled his hips the way Dean did, which Dean found mesmerising to watch from behind.
“You’re fishing for compliments.”
Car parked, he opened up his door, and with his pastel-yellow tupperware in both hands, stepped out into a gossamer-soft evening. Straight away he felt his cheeks caressed by the sweetness of dusty summer blossom. Tobacco smoke mingled with the barbecue smog, and he put on a nice smile as he shut his car door and paced through the dust up to the cabin.
“I know.” Charlie nodded. “Yeah. I know.”
Suffice to say, there were fluffy pillows. There were wall hangings with sunshine patterns on them. There were pom-poms hanging from the wall-mounted antlers, and muted rainbow bunting flags strung across the living room beams. Their bedroom was painted something called ‘duck egg blue’.
what you feel. My energy is allocated in a completely different way to yours. You don’t know the utter
Cas was... serious. Dean was being ignored.
“Did it?”
“No, not Charlie,
Sunlight cut through the quarry, casting a single triangular shadow. The ditch was split diagonally; bright on the left, dark on the right.
. Forget what happened back there. Those hours were worth it for me. I had fun with Charlie. She Transfigured the dress, and she did my hair five different ways before I could decide. We stayed up late, just talking. Laughing, eating, sharing porn and books. It was so different... We did that when I was a dude, but I dunno, there was something special about being sisters. I can borrow all her books and all her music, but now I can borrow her clothes, too.”
They shared a confident, content smile.
Castiel strode across the room and the crowd parted, clamoring. Dean’s grin was a perfect white crescent.
Dean wasn’t there just yet, but he thought about it. The idea of coming around his own fingers had long sustained his fantasies, and he thought about it now, forgetting for the moment that an orgasm would be wet and hot and messy. He whined, crying out against Castiel’s throat as Castiel lifted his head to watch—
“Jesus just isn’t my type, I think. He’s more of a mentor figure.”
Dean got a few steps, then he paused and looked back. “Hey, uh... Sucks about your radio,” he said. “I’m – pretty good at fixing things. So long as it’s not too burnt, I think I could do it up again for you.” He grinned and winked at Castiel. “I like to think I’m clever. Maybe if you’re feelin’ sharp, you could pay attention. You never know, you might learn something about radios.”
“Amazing, isn’t it?” Dean said, carrying a beach towel under his arm, speaking to Charlie on his right. “We look ahead and there’s a sky going mad, but turn your head and you’re blinded by the sun.”
“That’s for efficiency.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows.
Dean’s tiger turned to look up at him, and Dean pursed his lips. “Good kitty,” he said.
So Castiel drove to that quiet section of the highway. There, spindles of fresh stalks overgrew the cut shapes of riotously green hedges, slow-swaying trees overhung the section, and the grass was a little long and a little yellow.
Then it all flooded back: Dean’s fingers in his ass, the damp bed littered with Dean’s broken hair, the heat of sunshine on Castiel’s mountain-peak knees. Dean stroked that wonderful place inside Castiel; Castiel reared up off the bed, weight on his heels. He heard a hard, shocked cry rip from his throat, and he felt hot come splattering his chest – and after another dazed moment, collapsing to the bed, hearing Dean’s laughter, Castiel realised it was over.
“You don’t seem too keen, child,” Joshua said, bowing his head and gazing at Charlie. “What is it about this ball that bothers you?”
“Take your pants off, Dean,” Castiel said, his voice low enough that it sent vibrations through Dean’s bloodstream.
“You’ve wanted this for so long,” Castiel smiled. “A masquerade ball, a dress as beautiful as this. A prince...” He chuckled. “If I can do anything to make tonight go the way you always dreamed, tell me how. I’ll make it happen to the best of my ability.”
“You’re blocking the door, big guy,” Charlie said. “Shove over. You ‘n me are on the bed.”
Dean smiled, ruffling Castiel’s hair as he went past. “You better come watch, at least,” Dean advised. “There’s gonna be, like, ninety kids there. I’ve never taught a class with more than thirty-five kids at once. You know, I had to extend my parchment with the list of names?
Dean mopped his hands on the dishtowel, which still left him damp, but he was able to put his hand on Castiel’s back without leaving a handprint on the ivory satin. “You need new friends, Cas,” he said.
“I— I think,” Castiel said, his voice breaking, “I think Dean— Th- The correct term is ‘crossdresser’, I believe.”
-powered,” Castiel announced smugly. One hand patted the top of the radio, and the ancient wooden contraption made a hollow
Dean groaned, clutching his head in his hands. He couldn’t read any more. He couldn’t comprehend how this was even happening. How many of Castiel’s friendly gestures had been pulled straight from this magazine? How had this slipped Dean’s notice all these years? For so long he’d skim-read the
He paused, looking back once, to make sure Dean was looking at his hands and not his ass. Dean wasn’t – but soon was. A little smile.
Dean pondered. “Dunno. I can’t imagine doing anything else,” he admitted. “I wanna travel, and I wanna fix up the car like I do on my days off. If I think about giving up teaching for good, it just makes me
“You poor, living creatures,” Gabriel sighed dramatically. “Always at the beck and call of your physical forms. Bathrooms. Dinner. Naptime. Don’t you get tired of it all? Couldn’t you just
He even put up with the moving murals on the toilets, because one time he noticed it read
He paused halfway down, holding the trap door open over his head. Castiel was still out there. He scratched his bare shoulder, then turned another page.
Castiel gently put his hand on Dean’s exposed back. Dean leaned in to the touch. He wiped mascara from his cheek, but it only smeared.
“Well, I meant ‘his’,” Dean frowned, marching onward. “How’s he getting on with the ball-planning committee, anyway? He won’t talk to me about it.”
Dean leaned forward and clapped Castiel on the shoulder. “Buddy, I’d work on getting over my fear of flying just so I could come.”
“Go on,” Sam insisted. “Dean wouldn’t want you to waste your time waiting for him if he’s not going to show.”
“Listen...” Dean looked Castiel in the eye, and he said to him, “Cas... I’m sorry about everything you went through, I’m sorry about your parents. But I can’t imagine what you’d be like if you weren’t the way you are now.”
... than I ever have in my life. I was... floating. Electrified. I knew what to do and did it to no-one’s instruction but my own, and I loved every moment of it.”
After a few more minutes, the crowd around Dean dwindled, and the classroom emptied. Dean was left re-reading a parchment with a list of students who were interested. He smiled when Castiel approached. “I’m gonna need a bigger classroom.”
He liked their real names better.
Dean stared, open-mouthed. He couldn’t believe anything he was hearing. And yet... something about all this theory seemed so real to him, almost tangible. Like unswallowed food in his mouth.
Would anyone here even
. That’s why this potion is so difficult. That’s why it’s taken so long.”
When Charlie and Castiel had bunched up on the couch either side of Dean, and all of them had tucked into their oatmeal (Charlie’s was dotted with berries, Castiel’s was approximately half syrup, and Dean’s was dark brown with chocolate), Gertrude finally sat down, and she pushed the berries closer to Sam.
“Trust me,” Dean said, meeting Castiel’s gaze with a devilish twinkle in his eyes. “This is gonna feel awesome.” With that, he placed the wand tip at the rim of Castiel’s anus, and said, very clearly, “
Charlie shut the door to Castiel’s classroom, sighing at length as she shed her Quidditch robes, tossing the maroon fabric over desks as she passed. “Ugh, what a
“How would you look at it? Your situation.”
Castiel chuckled into a new kiss, deepening the pressure with a smooch, then another slower and quieter smooch, finally followed by a soft and happy sigh. They pulled back to look at each other.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Part of me doesn’t even want to watch myself, let alone allow you to watch.”
He reached for the box... but drew back. Then reached again. It wasn’t like Cas was going to eat it, not being here and all.
“I survived eleven years without a wand, I think I can survive two weeks,” Dean scoffed, tucking his wand into his belt loop. He bent to gather up his luggage, suitcases and bags and the cage containing Baby Batman. The little bat screeched in excitement, and Dean hushed him, busy counting the bags. “Alright,” Dean said after a moment. “I think we got everything.”
When five, six, seven hands went up, Dean felt a warmth inside him. Satisfaction.
Witch Weekly
Eighteen months later, when Dean graduated from Jinxes with Exceeds Expectations in everything except Muggle Studies (he thought he knew everything so he never really tried), Sam was distraught. Dean would have to live somewhere else, get a job, become an
“I remember my first day here. I put on a brave face but I felt like I was drowning inside, all these new things to take in. Living away from mom, that was a big step for me.” Charlie huffed softly as she saw a few blinks. They related.
“I nearly crapped my pants the first time I did mine,” Dean chuckled. He leaned against a student desk, meeting Castiel’s eyes from a few feet away. “It was during my F.R.O.G. examination. It got me a bonus mark, but after that day I could never do it again.”
He went quiet, too heartbroken to even say it aloud. Missing the chance of a lifetime just because he couldn’t stand his reflection half the time, it seemed so selfish. What about what Cas wanted?
sounded out clearly through the party’s thrum.
Dean’s grin widened. “Always the good guy, huh. Hey, Sammy? Can we get Cas to do somethin’ with the scraps?”
“I’m doing it, Professor!” Richie called back, already halfway up the stairs.
“It’s past midnight,” Castiel said sadly, with a smile. “Thank you for the meal, Dean. And the opportunity to cook with a maestro such as yourself. Truly, it was an honour.”
Dean brought Castiel close, both arms draped around his shoulders, hands sinking into his hair. “You make a good prince.”
night, for years.
Charlie raised her hands, caught out. “Maybe.”
else?”
Dean screwed up his face, looking at the bottle in bafflement. Charlie glugged hers down until she coughed, then burped, overwhelmed by the fizzy bubbles. Sam shut his eyes, taking one sip at a time, savouring each.
I get a say in what
her to reveal his secret on his behalf. So Charlie went for it. “The day Sam was hired as a teacher, I walked in here and... you were wearing lipstick. And a bra under your shirt.”
“Yeaaah, pretty much,” Charlie said, resting against the truck in the shade. The tip of her nose glowed with sunlight. “God, what a day. Don’t think you ever did as much grilling as you did today. My fingers are sore from ringing up totals. And my back is
Castiel looked up, his blue eyes shaded lilac, reflecting his pink potion. “What is it, Dean? Is something wrong?”
Stepping closer to the fountain, Charlie bent at the waist, turning to sit at the fountain’s edge. She peered into the swirling shallow pool and she reached in, grazing her fingers through rainbow-coloured bubbles, churned up by the flow of the water. The bubbles snapped on her skin and vanished in a hiss, leaving her fingers free to twirl through the surface, trailing a wake of bright ripples.
Castiel exhaled. “I trust you,” he said.
“Holy shit,” Charlie chirped, tugging on Dean’s shirt. “Holy shit holy
Dean smiled. Then he grinned. Then he dropped his chin and laughed. He glanced up, giving Castiel a beautiful look, full of obvious affection, the kind Castiel didn’t need to examine or question, because it was just so clear on his face.
Then Dean sucked in a breath and lowered his head. “I mean. I. Um. Scratch that off the record. Hhhhmmm. Out of fuel, clearly.” He grabbed a plate and started putting random things on it in a very illogical order. Corn under a steak under a wad of pasta under a tomato slice. He offered a fast grin and then stammered something incomprehensible, thumbing over his shoulder and backing away. And just like that, he was gone.
“And like
.” He sighed. “In five years, I’ll probably still be teaching. Yeah.” He looked over at Castiel. “You?”
After Dean and Castiel’s third year of teaching, it had become clear that they themselves were the caretakers. The house elves did the tidying and the cooking and they unblocked the toilets, but Dean and Cas made sure the house elves were happy. They
,” he whispered. “
Most of the meals that they both loved cooking and eating would hit that happy medium between savoury and sweet. Like tonight’s stir-fry, it would be seared so the natural sugars of the ingredients came out, subtly enhanced with other seasonings or sauces. Ideally, it would be a little... hm,
“What?” Castiel breathed. He looked over at Moosh in a panic, but Moosh was asleep. Castiel looked at himself again, still feeling the tingle and the ache. He’d had erections before, and he’d felt aroused before – sort of – but never like this. Never
Dean ducked his head, easing out a breath. “There’s just... nothing left of my dad here.”
Castiel was busy re-reading his notes, mouth moving around silent words. He smiled in bursts, and frowned occasionally, but then he stopped dead. His face went blank and he stared through the parchment instead of
, Cas, these are— This is practically a guide to predatory seduction.”
Dean gasped and snapped his fingers. “Dude! Wait here. Hang on.”
Dean turned his face away, aching for Castiel, but wanting to hide his sadness. Dean had grown up friendless and parentless himself, but he’d had Sam, and he’d coped fine with the scratchy, smelly sheets on his bed. A gross bed was better than no bed at all, he’d always thought. But now he wondered if there were worse things.
of my son.”
Castiel chewed his lip, feeling as though he could do something truly horrible to Mrs. Beetrie if he was allowed. He didn’t need a wand to make things happen.
Dean gulped, folding the magazine closed. He set it slowly onto the desk, where another quarter of it disintegrated into colourful ash.
“Of course,” Castiel said. He peered back at Dean, smiling. “Perhaps I could develop my photographs in regular Muggle developing solution, so they won’t move. Then they would be authentic Muggle... ‘pics.’” He smiled, pleased to make Dean laugh, though he didn’t appear to understand why Dean found his use of slang amusing.
, Cas?” Dean glared up at him, throwing waves of betrayal in his direction. “What’s your excuse, huh?”
“Finite!” Dean smashed the water out of the air, and it splattered across the stone floor. Castiel looked back at him in perplexed horror. Dean shook his head, and over the roar of the flames he shouted, “It’s electric! You can’t use water on electrical fire, it’s not safe. Basic Muggle stuff!”
They stared, happy and stunned. Dean’s eyes had all the forests and grasslands of the world flourishing inside them.
There were two toothbrushes in the bathroom, and a box of makeup beside the toothpaste.
Castiel covered his mouth and laughed.
“Anyway,” Dean said. “I’m gonna go pick out my quarters. Professor Moseley said the women are on the right, soooo I guess you ‘n me are on the left. You comin’, Casio?”
Dean leaned over his cauldron so he could pretend it was just the steam making his face hot.
become a parent, or that I will. You asked what I see myself doing, and that’s what I see myself doing.”
“Cas—” Dean sighed. “Look, your brain... Compared to my brain, or Charlie’s, or Sam’s – it’s not backwards, or wrong, it’s just
“If I give this wand up,” Castiel said, turning his face towards Gertrude but not meeting her eye, “how do I become mindful? How can I control my thoughts, my urges?”
He frowned, scratching self-consciously at his stubble. “I— I don’t really... um...”
“‘Night, Cas,” Dean said quietly. “Sleep well. I’m gonna take a walk around. See you at breakfast.”
Dean figured that out quickly, and he stood up. “Bottom line is, kids, you gotta chill. No, Patrick, there’s nothing wrong with taking a nap in the afternoon if you’re tired. And yeah, if a subject you’re taking is doomed to bring your whole grade down, switch it out before you get too far into the course. And hey, kid— Yeah, you. Tell your old man to shove it where the sun don’t shine – it’s your life, you’re the one suffering under the weight of subjects you’re never going to use. If he wants an Arithmancer in the family, he oughta become one himself. You kids weren’t made to be the people your parents failed to be.”
A bemused frown crossed Charlie’s face, though she smiled, watching the bathroom door.
“Nah, me neither. Salad, maybe.”
“Great to see you, Charlie,” Castiel said, pushing her bangs out of her face. “Your hair looks incredible short.”
They went to dinner together, and as always, they sat beside each other at the teachers’ table.
marketing to do.”
Charlie saw Castiel squinting, and with a smirk, Charlie explained that the phrase meant Dean was being unsociable. Castiel stopped squinting.
There were two old men sitting on the porch, smoking: one tall, bony, and black, perched on a rocking chair, the other shorter, plumper, and ruddy-white, leaning back in a wheelchair. The stockier fellow lifted the rim of his baseball cap to give Castiel a curious look.
Castiel looked down, and though he couldn’t see much, there was enough candlelight sneaking through a crack in the curtains to let him see the shine at the slit of his erection. He reached down to touch it; it was warm, wet, and sticky. He lifted it to his face and sniffed it, expecting to wince... but it wasn’t bad. It smelled neutral.
Dean rolled his eyes.
“But your version of it works,” Castiel said, spinning the ball on the tip of his finger before letting it drop to his hand. “Nobody cares if it’s proper. It’s zen.”
“Uhhh.” Dean checked the book. “Asphodel...”
Dean sighed, relaxing completely as Castiel let him go. Dean’s smile was weak, but it brightened as Castiel thumbed away the last traces of tears that lined his freckled cheeks.
“I think I was,” Castiel said interestedly, blinking at the daylight filtering through the enchanted window. “Nh... Dean...” Castiel felt a flash of sweat escape him, fever overwhelming him as Dean twisted those two probing fingers. “Deannn...”
Dean frowned. “But if you wait that long, the potion will die.”
Castiel found himself smiling, angry, and thrilled. “Crawl back to your den of iniquity, Dean.”
Perplexed, Castiel lowered the tupperware back to the counter. “You want to fight me? At... cooking.”
Castiel’s heart leapt, relieved and excited. Perhaps looks were deceiving, just as they had been with Dean. Perhaps rough-looking crowds like this didn’t often get to see cupcakes with three pastel colours swirled into the icing, scattered with sparkly edible stars. This had to be a real treat for them.
But Daniel raised a finger to his lips, and he mimed a hush. With an impish smile, he opened up the door, shoved Sandy out, then followed. They ran away down Hollywood Boulevard, and by the time Ms. Raglan turned around, they were long gone.
– who were born as a female but later realise, no, I’m not a girl. Or they’re born a male, and think... all they want in the world sometimes...” Dean breathed in, held his breath, then let go. “
Dean smirked and stepped up close, breathing against Castiel’s lips. “It means
Dean considered that, maybe, he wanted Gertrude to be his mother, to replace years of emptiness and the absence of a stranger he’d never known. A warm figure with a friendly smile and a happy laugh; that was all he remembered from his childhood. Or, did Dean want the room to be his own? For a gentle, giddy moment, Dean imagined himself having a room just like this. The bed would even be the same size, so there’d be room beside him for... someone.
, Castiel thought. It was, wasn’t it? A marriage of skill and intention. He looked at Dean as he thought it, and felt himself ignite with possibility as Dean peered back.
Castiel beamed, and he covered his face with both hands. “Finally,” he whispered.
“I have
stick around.”
He let it happen, he let himself hum soft noises, and he felt sudden smiles rise up, he felt blissed-out frowns crease down. His mouth moved slack and a hot sweat broke across his lower back, and all the while he squeezed his legs, fucking and fucking and
Castiel lifted his head. “You put another one in? When?”
Dean was stung by vulnerability more quickly and deeply than he’d braced for.
“Go for it,” Charlie said, patting Dean’s arm. “I’m here for you. Maybe the dress should be a surprise too,” Charlie suggested. “Like the night before a wedding!”
But Dean’s smile disappeared quickly, and he got up from the bed, going to his wardrobe. He ignored Sam by his knee, and he didn’t even glance at Castiel beside him. He pulled out a pair of black heeled shoes, and he took them back over to Charlie.
Dean looked her way. With a smile in her voice, Rain said, “Hell yeah. Where do I sign up?”
“You want to tell me what’s going on?” Charlie asked, sitting cross-legged on her armchair. She picked up her chocolates and offered Castiel the box.
He was so plain about it. Dean’s eyes welled with tears.
Sam grinned at her gratefully.
Most likely having been dumbfounded by Dean’s beauty until now, the band’s singer had forgotten he was meant to sing. He stood up suddenly, leaving his rattles behind. He sang the first words, warmed by his Diné accent; Castiel turned Dean on the spot.
“Dean,” Castiel said shyly, hanging his head, sliding his wand through his fingers.
Dean grinned in relief. “Okay. Good.”
If only she was. Maybe she could bring the magic back, re-ignite the spark that had fired between Dean and Castiel before. Because it was gone now. Dean had felt it splutter out and die the moment he realised Cas was lightyears out of his league.
“Hm,” Dean said. He turned his head to the side and spat off the hood of the car. “Tastes... bleh.”
Slowly, as if putting on a show, Castiel pulled his erection out of his boxers.
Dean snuffled a laugh. “What does that even mean?”
“Pull your shirt open,” Castiel said, breath flooding Dean’s ear. “Lick your fingers and touch your nipples.”
“It’s called a cook-off, Cas.”
Dean grinned, blushing. “Yeah, okay.”
” Castiel said with a smile in his voice. “
Castiel smiled for real, looking up. “You
“Cas?” Charlie looked surprised. “Don’t you mean Sam?”
“No. You’re staying there.”
“But what about college?” Dean said, shaking his head. “What about working your butt off to pay for food and board and— And what about all the money me and Cas sent you?!”
“Hey,” Dean smiled, seeing Castiel standing facing the bed. “Was hoping we’d find you heee...re.”
“For... having that much faith,” Castiel said. His shoulders slumped, and he turned to take a few more steps along the bridge. Dean followed. “I suppose I’ve always just
Comparing himself to Charlie, Dean was taller than he’d expected to be, though he was several inches shorter than usual. He stood beside his friend, bobbing on the balls of his feet in his excitement, making his boobs bounce on purpose. He kept stroking his hair, so enraptured by the feeling of silky tresses under his fingers, knowing they were his own. He touched his shoulders, so aware of how beautifully slim they were.
“Sam?!” Dean shouted.
“Yeah, but who cares,” Dean laughed, slinging his arm around the boy’s shoulders. “C’mon, he got
“Do you still think it’s weird?” Dean asked, watching Castiel rub himself through his underwear. “Does touching yourself still make you feel uncomfortable?”
“I keep a record,” Dean said, standing up, bare feet on one side of Sam. He walked past and went to his nightstand, where Baby Batman squeaked at him. Dean scratched his bat’s head through the bars of the open cage, then reached into a drawer to get something.
Castiel felt like his heartbeat was going to break his ribs. “I didn’t even recognise you...” He held Dean gently, carefully. He seemed so precious and so beautiful, Castiel didn’t feel worthy of holding him close.
“You asked to be spared the smoke, didn’t ya?” Dean came to stand by the table’s corner, hands on his hips. “I wasn’t gonna put the flag up but if it directs some of the breeze away, that’s something, right? Best I can do right this second.”
“Thank you, Professor,” Charlie said, scampering over to Dean and Castiel. “See you at dinner, Prof.”
Dean shrugged a tense shoulder, and he stared at his fiddling hands as he continued, “Some days I’m fine. I can put on a waistcoat and boxer shorts and gel up my hair, and I’m like, damn, I look hot. Right?” He grinned awkwardly, but licked away the smile. “But then the next day I put the same thing on and I’m worrying... like, my dick’s gonna show, my chest is so fuckin’
Castiel looked crestfallen when he looked up. “It’s worn off.”
Castiel waited until they were all gone, then stepped up to the door of the catering truck and rapped on the metal.
Their eyes were dark and their kisses were hot, their bloodstreams pounding like they had one heart.
Castiel stepped forward, Dean stepped back, and the dance began.
More laughs.
“For goodness’ sake. It’s simple. Grate a couple of potatoes, and half a small onion. Dry with a kitchen towel. Blend up some rice to make rice flour. Bind with gelatin or applesauce – or egg, but I don’t eat egg. Mix. Sautée in patties until crisp.” Castiel bent past Dean’s thighs and dragged out the bag of brown rice. “You can treat latkes like bread, I can eat them, and they’ll add a crunch if you do them right.”
“Perhaps you just gotta wait a little longer,” the phoenix said. She spread her wings, showing off her toddling baby birds. “Things don’t always stay the same.”
“I do,” Dean smiled. “
number off my machine at home. Private number—”
“Careful with that one, mijo,” Mariela warned, as Castiel snuck behind their table and started to unbox the new cake on its surface. “Put it over there, far right. Keep it out of the wind.”
“Autistic. I’m not good at... people. And other things. I have trouble processing my senses, I get obsessive, I can be oversensitive to everyday stimuli, I take phrases literally, I’m—” Castiel covered his face with both hands, sighed, then let go. “Without guidance I had no idea how to even talk to you, let alone maintain a healthy relationship.”
It was dark, and cold, and late. Fatigue was inevitable. When Dean started to fall asleep, he didn’t think twice before wriggling up close to Castiel and using his firm shoulder as a pillow. Castiel lay his blazer over them both as a blanket, then moved his arm and slung it under Dean’s neck, drawing him near.
Castiel followed him out, opening the other door, closing it behind him. They met at the nose of the car; Dean sat on the burning-hot hood, his boots flat to the dust. He watched a lizard scurry away, and then his eyes drew to Castiel, leaning on the car beside him.
The class laughed, and Dean smiled.
Slowly, he looked up, and he smiled at Sam with gleaming, tearful eyes.
Castiel shook his head as eyes turned his way. “Oh, no. No-no. I’ve never played pool. I don’t even know the rules.”
The sun went down like it didn’t want to leave the party, seeding oranges and reds into the clouds like some kind of slow-motion flambe. The final flashes of gold came through the leaves of the trees beside the pond, casting heat over familiar faces wearing glad smiles. The warmth of loving chatter and the clink of wine glasses echoed through the roadside clearing, softer than the breeze, yet no softer than the feeling in Dean’s chest.
“If you’re not into it—”
Dean nodded, and the leaves on his headpiece tickled Castiel’s neck. Dean rested his cheek on Castiel’s again, and they danced like that. Castiel’s eyes were closed; he was sure Dean’s were closed too.
“But—” Castiel slumped, clutching a hand to his mussed-up hair, groaning quietly. “It only lasted seconds. And the after-effects... A headache... nausea...
“Besides...” Dean paused, not sure if he really wanted to say what was on his mind.
“Oh...” Castiel wondered. “I’m just trying to be content with what I have, that’s all. I’ve been blessed with abundance after a lot of hard work, I don’t want to have it come down around me because I’m lusting after something else.”
The song pulsed on around them, being the third-longest on the album. There were few lyrics, as it mostly comprised of breaths and lip-bite moans, with, on occasion, the hint of a wolflike melody under an oaken drone of pleasure. One whisper of “
... Cas...!”
Castiel parked diagonally on an already-flattened grass verge, turning off his car. A gust of smoke eased from the truck off to his left, blurring across his windshield. There were a few people nearby, perched on a park bench, eating happily.
right amount of rice.
“I’m not usually so slow on my own,” Castiel said, tilting his head to watch himself. “I do it in bursts. All at once.”
Dean gave a small smile, pulling to a halt on a platform in the rope bridge. He turned to touch Castiel’s chest, sliding his hand up to cup his neck. “It’s about you keeping your wand in your sleeve so you can hold it and stim without anyone seeing. It’s the way you talk in monotone! You rarely raise your voice unless you’re shouting my name. That’s not even mentioning how you speak so damn formal all the time – and when you use slang, it’s like a big deal, it never just flows off the tongue like it does for other people. It’s the way you do
“A masquerade,” Castiel said, holding his pumpkin juice before his open mouth, not yet sipping.
“Then it definitely matters,” Charlie said. “Because feeling like you’re different is never easy, and I want to be here for you if you need me.”
“It’s my best shirt,” Castiel explained. He glanced around. “Everyone here does seem to like their leather and plaid, though, don’t they?”
Except Cas wasn’t here, there was no grass, and Dean was hungry.
Sam laughed abruptly, grinning at Dean. “For a girl in a dress that far outshines everyone else’s, you don’t act much like a lady.”
“I almost didn’t sleep last night, Dean, I wanted so badly to bake these for you and there were only so many hours to spare. I adore what I do. I love doing
Cas. He liked what Cas did to him. Pushed him further, kept him on his toes, pulled him into a world just different enough from his own to be interesting. Maybe – Dean allowed himself one more ‘maybe’ – that kind of passion might fade after time. But what if it didn’t? What if Castiel had dragged Dean into the open once, and given the chance, he would keep doing so for... years?
“It would’ve happened anyway,” Charlie assured him.
“Young lady,” Joshua said, in barely a whisper, but his voice cut over Charlie’s heartfelt cry. “The Principal has made her decision. Do you really want to be the one to contend that?”
“Yeah?”
“Oh— No-no, dude, it’s fine. That came out wrong.” Dean grinned. “Look, uh... you wouldn’t mind me borrowing this, would you? I got some leftover meat I gotta store and nothin’ to pack it into.”
“Dean Winchester,” Charlie said in a flowery voice, “this is your fairy godsister speaking. You
If a guy like Cas could be audacious, Dean could be shameless. Cloaks had been divested, aprons removed, buttons unbuttoned – and performative shields were discarded for the sake of trust and desire. Nothing held either of them back now. A succulent yet ravenous passion had driven into them and submerged hearts in flame in mere seconds, and Dean launched himself to his feet atop the kitchen counter, playing out a twisted sting on his air guitar, bowed knees bent, watching Castiel shake and turn away in laughter, then come back, enamoured. His eyes shone gorgeously. Cas held the flushed sides his own neck, then his hair, ruffling it beyond belief. There was no church boy left in him at this moment. Not judging by the way he looked at Dean.
Dean turned on the lights then dropped his plaid shirt on the pool table barely a moment after he got in the door, then kicked his boots off. He beelined for the music player by the bookshelf in the corner of the room. Castiel tutted at him, but left the mess where it was, adding to it with his own sandals. Tidying was for less sleepy people.
Dean’s eyebrows drifted from their deep frown, and instead he was left staring, unsure what to feel.
As he helped Castiel clear up his classroom, Dean wondered if Castiel had been wrong. Maybe Dean
Dean rested his cheek against Castiel’s neck, nose tucked under Castiel’s throat. He set half-open eyes on the baseball game again. Sam was still pitching, while Charlie prepared to bat. Right now Castiel’s scent was all around, mixed with dirt and sweat and jasmine, and Dean hoped the smell would forever remind him of this lazy summer afternoon, lying peacefully in Castiel’s embrace.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “I was always better with the more dramatic potions. Bright colours and gushing smoke, y’know? As much as I hoped I’d lose the urge for it, I’m still begging for explosions and a hands-on experience. Desperate for excitement. It’s like I wanna skip the foreplay and just get to the good part, no prep.”
Dean looked disbelieving. “What? H-H-How? Why would you still...?”
“Hey,” Charlie said. “Cas, you okay?”
“Does it taste like custard?” Castiel asked, taking the spoon from Dean. He put some custard in his mouth and smacked his lips. “It was meant to be crème brûlée.”
“You said ‘our’.”
Dean took a deep breath, and he smiled, thinking of what Castiel said about orgasms. He brought his chosen memory to the surface, and he let it fill him up. Like bubbly bathwater in a tub, sloshing up his insides. The memory glinted brilliantly in his heart.
Castiel had never known his true parentage. He knew he was pureblood, but that was all. The invisible boy without a name became the one emblazoned with colour and named for his glory. Now his house had a love for him, he could begin to love it back.
“Ahh...” Castiel looked away, muttering, “I wish my parents had known that.”
Castiel didn’t want to be patient. He wanted to shout and maybe throw something at the lady, but his handler would send him back to sit in the car, and Castiel hated the way the car smelled. So he kept his mouth shut and clutched his hands together, clenching and unclenching his jaw.
Castiel drank half his butterbeer, licking the foam off his lip. “People asked me all day, where’s Dean? Where’s Dean? Every time I’ve had to say I don’t know. Who are you taking to the ball, they asked. I said...” Castiel lowered his eyes. “Someone very special. Who?” Castiel frowned and looked away. “A woman I’ve loved for more time than I realised.”
It was just them.
“I think there are plenty of nice things you and I can do together,” Castiel said thoughtfully. “But, later.” He picked up his book and began reading.
Castiel realised this at the same time as Dean did, and he grinned so widely that Dean felt almost spooked. “My potion worked.”
They chased him a mile north-east on foot, laughing and falling through lumpy grass. They pulled each other up and called for the little brown bat, growing more and more worried when they couldn’t hear his replies over the wind.
“Beer? When?”
Sam was in his pyjamas, as a teacher ought to be at nine-thirty on a Friday night, but while Castiel wore classic blue-and-white pinstripes, and Dean and Charlie had both covered their nightclothes with their robes, Sam’s pyjamas consisted of an old purple t-shirt with a greyhound on it, paired with track pants.
“OH!” Castiel shouted, pushed five feet away from Ms. Raglan by a giant green plant that grew from the floor in an instant. The marble underfoot had cracked, and now the mirrored ceiling was slowly snapping in jagged lines, pushed by the gigantic lily and its fat, wide leaves.
Then, all at once—
Dean slipped the cue back and forth, measuring...
of people like you in the world. But it might not be obvious why you’re different. Maybe you thought you were... I don’t know... broken.”
“Uh,” Charlie said, smiling at Dean’s weirdly red lips. “Are you... wearing... lipstick?”
Dean slumped down, grasping his cock through his lace panties, already wet at the tip. “Oh,” he said. “I— I’ve never looked at...
Castiel nodded. “I didn’t think I’d be hungry tonight after everything I ate earlier, and yet...?”
Dean breaths became unsteady, and he frowned at his knees. “And I know it’s kinda weird for me to say in present company, but I want a goddamn vagina. And a clit, and that crinkly thing around it. And I wanna pee sitting down and not feel my dick touch the fuckin’ toilet.” He covered his eyes, shame colouring his cheeks.
Dean let out a harsh huff. “You were just gonna let me say that—
Castiel clenched his jaw. “You learned that from
Castiel ducked his head, grinning, while Charlie’s eyes crinkled up as she smiled.
Being witches helped, of course. They had their underground classroom to themselves; they mourned in peace.
“That doesn’t make Dean a good person,” Sam said. “Just a good conjurer.”
Sam grinned. “There they are.”
Salty. Succulent. Sweet. He could tell without a lick that the meat would fall apart on his tongue yet retain the perfect crunch and texture in each bite, and the sauces would melt in his mouth, tickling every tastebud he had.
remember me.”
Dean bit his lip. “Sooooo...” He reached tentatively for the risotto. “You gonna eat that, or—?”
. You grew up too fast.”
“You’re not too chatty, are you?” Charlie observed, shooting Castiel an understanding smile. “I get that. Unless I really like someone I tend to say nothing at all.”
instructions on how to be a teacher. Your methods were...”
“You and I both grew up without parents,” Castiel said, his voice quiet now. “Orphans.” He frowned sadly. “Sam abandoned his original career path in order to pursue a career in childcare, looking after children like you and me and him. Young wizards without homes or loving families. I respect that a great deal, Dean.”
They’d heard rumours over the years that there was a caretaker living somewhere on the castle grounds, but nobody had ever seen him. Or her. Or them. They’d seen ghosts and they’d seen peculiar creatures which really ought not be loose around a school, but they’d never seen a caretaker.
“Listen,” Dean said, although nobody in the room wasn’t already, “I’ve heard a few concerns about over-stressing myself. From kids and from parents. I took the same courses you took, had the same issues. Over the last few years I’ve been considering, I dunno, making like a... a weekend course, for study class. Not some quiet room where you sit with your books out. I mean, an actual class. On how to study. How to do math, and spell words right. Stuff like that. How to learn and not forget things. How to, like...
“Wow, spit it out, man,” Dean said, surprised by the guy’s stammering. He looked so put-together – he wore a white shirt with a white cravat, covered by a gold-buttoned taupe waistcoat, topped with a cerulean blue blazer made of velvet. He looked like he’d taken lessons in eloquence ever since he was knee-high, so watching his mouth move around nothing and his cheeks flush and his eyes dart up and down... well, the mannerisms didn’t fit.
, wishing away the love, taking potions they shouldn’t take, wanting to get rid of feelings that won’t go. A Valentine’s dance comes up on the schedule, but it’s not for them. It’s for the kids they teach. The kids are allowed to love whoever, even though most of them are so young, they don’t even know what they’re doing. These teachers have gotta stand by and watch, not allowed to do what they so desperately want to do. Not even behind closed doors. Don’t you see how that would hurt?”
“Now you try,” Dean said softly, letting Castiel control the bat, though he still held on. “You can hit this one yourself.”
“This is more important,” Castiel said.
“Dean?”
“Um,” Castiel said. He was blushing a bit. “We did it on the hood of the car. For the most part, we touched ourselves, not each other. But when it was over, I... toyed with him.” Castiel’s shoulders rose, touching his ears. He was terribly bashful, but there was no escaping the luminous look about him.
Dean laughed with his head back and a hand on his belly. He soon sobered, but a sparkle stayed in his eyes. “Aspirations, dude. Ever heard of them? Far as I know having personal goals ain’t a deadly sin. You’re a philanthropic entrepreneur, Cas. Like me and Sammy and Charlie. We make something, we make it bad, or okay, or good, then we move on and make somethin’ else. Nothing wrong with that. It’s fun. Sometimes crap works out – case in point—” He thumbed at the smoking truck, where eager customers huddled at the hatch. “And sometimes it doesn’t. Team Free Will was awesome at the time but kind of a dud, looking back. But it was still important, y’know? It was a stepping stone. We all learned from it. Besides, if everyone was content nobody would grow and nothing would change.”
Swallowing down his shame for ruining a perfectly good pillow, and for thinking such inappropriate things about his friend, Castiel rolled himself over onto his back. He grimaced and wiped himself up with the soiled pillow, then slid it down to the foot of the bed with his knees, then his toes. He didn’t want to look at what he’d done.
“And then?”
Castiel beamed.
“Congratulations on your new house,” Castiel said. “Are you renting or—?”
“It would be obvious,” Castiel insisted. He then dipped his thumb into the mixture and lifted it to Dean’s face. “You try it.”
“Dammit.”
again, Ellen. It’s my party, dammit. I gotta win at least once.”
Dean squeezed on Castiel’s hand. He squeezed so hard that Castiel realised his words had impacted Dean more meaningfully than he’d expected.
As they embraced, Castiel stroked Dean’s short hair with one hand. Dean enjoyed it for what it was, refusing to think about what he didn’t have, what could’ve been but wasn’t.
“No,” Dean chuckled, whacking his painted nails against Castiel’s chest. “Well, okay, yeah. But not
“Uhh, okay. Bad time?” Charlie stood up, supposing she ought to leave. But she narrowed her eyes, now concerned. Castiel was sometimes aloof, or distracted, but he was never entirely unresponsive.
Castiel chuckled. “I
Dean and Castiel were slow-dancing.
“What is this stuff?” Sam asked, slowly putting the dress back in the cupboard. He ran his fingers through the other things there, but didn’t pull anything else out. He looked back at Dean, a concerned kind of confusion all over his face.
From Castiel’s wand soared a great and shining dragon, humongous and roaring in silence. It galloped to the highest corner of the classroom and swooped around on its huge taloned paws, lolloping back down in an arc, heading straight for Dean.
, the people! The teachers immediately accepted me as family. But there was one man I couldn’t quite bring myself to see as a brother.”
side. I’ve known since I was a teenager. All I want to do is change the outside. Give the car a new paint job, say. It’s temporary. It’ll wash off in the rain. Even if I
They settled down, curling against each other. They held each other’s eyes for a moment which stretched on into minutes. They smiled until their smiles relaxed away, stroking each other’s hair.
“Isn’t that better?” Castiel asked.
The phoenix song swelled to a crescendo. It was no mere quartet singing now; oh, no. There were one hundred and forty-two phoenixes roosting in the tower that night, and every one of them had a note or two to sing, wanting to add their melody to the common chorale. What was once a simple enough tune soon became a symphony, an orchestra of rich, glorious notes.
“I’m dancing, what does it look like?” Dean said, beaming.
But Dean wasn’t here right now.
Castiel frowned. “Why do you look confused?”
“Mmmhh,” Dean moaned, lips barely parted. He watched Castiel with desperate eyes. “I’m gonna come,” he breathed, eyelashes fluttering as he looked between Castiel’s eyes and his wide-stretched mouth. “Cas, I’m gonna come.”
“Shush,” Castiel said, frowning at Dean, placing a stubborn finger against his lips to silence him. “Keep your opinions to yourself, Dean. You’re tarnishing the sanctum.”
“It’s different every time,” Castiel said calmly, his tone contrary to the stiff frown on his face. He scribbled down a note on the parchment under his hand, then he whipped out his white-pine wand and charmed the paper to float a foot over his head. A parrot feather quill came along and began scratching where Castiel’s own handwriting left off.
“Go inside,” Dean rasped, angling his hips to guide Castiel. “Put your tongue in me. Quick!”
“Hope you cut your toenails,” Charlie replied, grinning.
know how to cook because I’ve followed a thousand recipes and learned to commit the concepts to memory. I don’t invent things. I go very
Between the door and Moseley’s desk were two wingback armchairs, one brown and one green. Someone sat in the brown one, hidden from everyone’s view but Professor Moseley’s.
“Ohhh, yeah,” Dean said. “Just as good as I remember. Skylight? I’m a genius.” He beamed up at the skylight they’d punched in the roof of
Castiel slowly shook his head.
Dean’s excitement wavered. He sucked on his lips, staring at the ground.
Dean paused at the corner of the teachers’ common room before the stairs, one hand on the wall. He turned, smiling as he saw Charlie running to him, her red robes flapping against her legs.
into these things, these desserts. I don’t mean to imply I want to withdraw from that – I wish I could do
Sam huffed a laugh, casting Dean a subdued look. “Sorry to you too. I just— The heat— The stress of it all, I don’t know— Dehydrated—”
“Sucked before, but I kept on fighting to make it suck less now. For me
Though it was cold, he sighed in pleasure. His hips angled up, and he bucked into the pillow, crying out, “Muhh—”
Sam almost swallowed his tongue. “Excuse me,” he said, turning stern eyes on Skyking. “Would you care to repeat that for the whole class to hear?”
Castiel used a variation on a Four-Point Spell to find Dean. His wand spun on his palm, and Castiel chased the direction of its tip. He turned down corridors and followed the broken moonlight until he came to a door. He stood before the door and he lowered his wand.
, so the kitchen was now lit naturally rather than by those gloomy yellow lights over each grill that had lowkey driven Sam mad over the years.
As the table folded up, and the tablecloth was stretched and collapsed between Carla and Amy’s hands, Castiel gave out hugs, telling Mariela she’d organised this wonderfully, and he was sorry there weren’t more baked goods to take them through to the evening.
“I don’t mean to scare you,” Castiel said quietly. “And I’m not saying I
Missouri stared at Charlie. “I do see,” she said, more harshly than she’d meant. Charlie’s words resonated too deeply, but there was only one reply Missouri could give. “I’m sorry, Charlie, but this is about the children. It’s always about the children. Two teachers dance at a ball, and nasty rumours light the school on fire. Or, say... One teacher tells her class she’s gay.” Missouri nodded, seeing Charlie’s jarred movement. “Word gets around. Gossip ain’t good for anyone. Not kids, not teachers.”
Castiel drained the water from his cooking pot with a hand holding the rice back, then reached for the empty cup and very carefully filled it with water to the shivering rim, dropping each in: one, two, three, four, five, six.
A quiet murmur went through the audience.
At last, Castiel’s six-foot dragon joined the airborne zoo. The four magical friends laughed together, consumed by the beauty of this moment, as well as the memories of all their favourite moments before.
“Yeah,” Castiel rasped, his mouth suddenly dry. “Yeah, I’m...” He blinked and squinted and frowned, then looked Dean in the eye. “Thank... you?”
“Is my mom here yet?”
book. On it, the title character Eros cradled and rocked into a half-dressed wizard from behind, each of their expressions obviously pleasured. Charlie smirked, turning her eyes to the bathroom door.
“So we get you a pretty ball gown,” Charlie said, holding Dean’s tear-wet hand. “There’s three weeks until the ball, that’s enough time.” She looked encouragingly at Sam and Castiel, who stared wordlessly. “Come on! We could get one made to fit his shape and stuff!”
“I know,” Castiel said under his breath, holding Dean’s waist, simmering their dance down to rock in place, weight shifting from left to right. Empathy for Dean mingled with Castiel’s own overwhelmed state, and he grinned at Dean, knowing his mouth turned down at the corners. “It’s all right, Dean, I know...”
Dean listened, then huffed in embarrassment. “Oh, God, don’t listen to that. My party playlist ended.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, and Dean hummed a delighted moan, his hairless legs wrapping tighter around Castiel’s hips.
The silence went on longer, and Dean noticed that Castiel was no longer turning pages. He was just staring at the book.
“Um,” Sam said. He relaxed, letting his shoulders drop. “When I was around your age, I had a class like this. It wasn’t Defence Against the Dark Arts, it was something obscure, something— Oh, Study of Ancient Runes. There was this one clique, five kids. They’d sit at the back of the class, passing notes. They’d throw rolled-up paper at people, and they’d enchant little toys to go about the room, bothering the students. The teacher would get mad every class, and she’d shout and she’d send them out to stand in the hallway.
. This is all I have. I can’t go to a normal high school, the social workers will take my brother away! I have to go to Jinkies! We took a train from Kansas, we can’t afford to go back!
Castiel smiled to himself. “In that case I believe we owe each other two favours each. This was... not anything like I expected. And yet it was precisely what I wanted. If I could have you cook this three times a day for the next two months solid, I
Dean mirrored him, and on one, two,
Castiel gulped for air, doing his best to mimic the feeling he got in the moments before sleep: his lucid, skittering mind drifted away, replaced with a warm, buzzing blankness. It was peaceful and sunny and comforting, and all he smelled was Dean.
No luck.
“Not on your life,” Castiel said, turning his head so his cheek pressed Dean’s forehead. “Now get off me and get back to your lesson or I’ll be forced to report you to the Head of Department.”
Castiel finally caught up with them. Moosh perched on one shoulder, and Baby Batman rode on the other. Castiel talked to them sweetly, carting the animals past Sam, Dean, and Charlie, heading for the shoreline. He carried a red plastic bucket and a yellow spade.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Look, do you want me to come back later?” He thumbed over his shoulder at Charlie. “Bradbury here’s got some ball-related discussion to have with you.”
by the book, even without a book in sight. Whereas – tonight? Dean, I just threw a whole new set of rules at you, removed almost every standard ingredient at your disposal, gave you an
allowing some shortsighted community organiser who put our stands together and didn’t think two steps ahead to ruin everything for
He rolled up the sleeves of his dirty, scruffy shirt, and he took a breath. He aimed his wand at the Impala, and said, clearly, “
“Mmme too,” Dean slurred, blinking dazedly from his bed in the hospital wing. “Heyyy, I know you.”
. I am
Dean sneered at him. “Focus on your
Dean blew a raspberry. “Oh, please. I get it from
“People who aren’t listening.”
“Dean, I’m eighteen, and it’s a phoenix carriage full of children,” Sam grinned. “Go on. The people in my Charms class will probably want to hug you or something. Some of them’ll miss you more than I will.”
“It’s eleven-sixteen,” Castiel said, glancing at the clock. “How long do you have?”
“Then what’s this?” Dean waggled the magazine. “I read four lines of this and it’s like I’m reading out of the novel of my life! What part of our relationship isn’t founded on
“Are you going to let me read this?” Castiel said, raising his eyebrows. He flipped the parchment straight, and Charlie noticed it had been exquisitely folded, and sealed with wax formed into a heart-shape.
“Then thank God it’s your bestseller, ah?” Belén chuckled, tying her apron around her plump middle, then tossing Castiel his own apron. “Now let’s roll up our sleeves and get to it!”
Dean’s blank feeling slowly became a hopeful, excited, nervous one. “You want kids...”
“It changes at midnight?”
Dean collapsed on his bed, already panting, squirming in place in his excitement. He tugged on his semi-erection, making quiet noises of pleasure.
what my old man would think about the fact I
“Wait until you taste it,” Castiel said.
Dean sniffed, half-grinning. “And some smoke ruins everything? Look, champ, if you don’t want your cake improved with some actual flavour, don’t eat it.”
Sam dragged them away, still laughing. They drank peach nectar from glass bottles and they shared a pizza, half topped with olives, pepperoni, mozzarella cheese and ham, half with capers and anchovies and sweetcorn and pineapple. (Castiel tasted a slice from both halves, and could then determine that it didn’t matter what was on it; pizza tasted like happiness. “
’ if this was just a weekend job? I’m the older Winchester. Dean. Boom.” He stuck out his hand.
Dean let out a tiny amused breath. “Guess that’s one way to look at it. There is a song in there, I hear it already.”
Dean looked up, and they gazed at each other for a few seconds.
the one who suggested the situation needed an overhaul. You were running yourself into the ground on everyone’s account but your own.”
“Dean,” Sam scolded.
Castiel frowned. “But you’re talking to me. Does that mean you really like me?”
Castiel’s eyes flicked to Dean’s, then his mouth, then down. Castiel tipped his hips on his stool, wanting contact. “A- Are you offering?”
“I remember, Dean. I
wanna fight the fuckin’ crowd next time, Sammy? If I’d gone any faster I would’a mowed down half of Texas.
Dean caught on after a moment, and he grinned widely. “Why, Professor, are you suggesting I take a remedial class?”
Charlie laughed, and Moseley smiled at her.
“Oh. Yes. No.” Castiel smiled sadly. “Is there anything in here that doesn’t have your barbecue sauce on it?”
“One minute, three runs,” Dean said.
And she let it happen.”
“Charlie,” Gertrude cried, arms wide to welcome her daughter. “Oh, you look wonderful.”
“I know,” Castiel said. “Dean, it’s okay, I know what it means. I’m autistic; I’m not clueless.”
Castiel rushed to Dean and cradled his face to his chest in a last attempt to hide his shame from the audience, but Dean roared in despair and pushed Castiel away. He turned and ran from the dancefloor, limping in his too-small shoes. He tripped and one shoe flung away, tinkling across the tiles. It was made of glass.
“Sit down, honey,” Gertrude said, pushing Dean into the seat. Dean sat. “Bon appetit!”
Dean slowly reached to take the vial. It was warm from Castiel’s hand, and the liquid inside moved thickly, like pink-tinted glue paste. “This is for me?”
. How long did they take you to make, huh?”
?” Sam asked, moving to kneel in front of Dean. “Explain it to us.”
Dean grinned. “You seriously mean that, huh.”
,” Gabriel said, rushing up to Sam, making him side-step.
She drew her wand and tapped it on the glass window, and the window shifted in place, showing a view from above the quarry.
Dean wiped his hands together as he surveyed the landscape. For a moment, he unknowingly wore the same smile as Castiel. Despite the fact neither of them could see the other side of the street for people, the sun on their faces and the vibrancy of the event was enough to elicit a quiet joy within anyone. Distantly, Castiel could hear the muffled booms of an open-air drag show, and the
fired. Cas’ demeanour strengthened with a chin-lift and Dean saw the mask fall away. There he was again: the scary-smart pool shark, the snarky little bastard who wanted to take Dean down a peg or two and wouldn’t take any of his bullshit, the one who could smile through a sneer and push Dean back two steps and shove him against the stove-side counter and make Dean feel like they were dancing.
Dean glanced towards the neighbouring stall. “What’s that now?”
“No, I only play Quidditch,” Casio replied.
know.”
logo on the top. The brown box was dark with grease and bending from the weight of whatever was inside.
,” he moaned, relaxing his lower back to the groove of the car’s hood. “Oh my
, so if you’re at all interested in that, there’s a growing collection. c:
“Happy memories,” Charlie reminded him. “Let it fill you up. Take over.”
“This is toxic, Dean,” Castiel said, gesturing at the bubbling mixture. “When I started out, I knew it would never be anything
He bent down and was about to take his panties off, but was stopped by the sight of his legs. They’d always been bowed outward at the knee, and they still were, but they were... different now. He didn’t know how, exactly, but they didn’t look the same. His feet were slimmer and smaller.
“Y-Yeah, I... Please. Everything is... overwhelming,” Castiel said, slumping his shoulders in exasperation.
ship anyway? Love, sex, friends-with-benefits? A three-way? A quickie in the teacher’s bathroom? Seems to me that ought to be between the teachers themselves, nobody else.”
Castiel, while confused, offered a smile and said, “Your secret is safe with me.”
, Cas—” He let irritation flare up, and he complained, “You have this
Castiel cocked an eyebrow. “Does any of this appeal to you, or am I just pitching to an empty field?”
“Gilda Moondoor? Why her?”
Dean trailed off, knowing he was just making excuses. “I didn’t realise how quickly the time would pass,” he said, looking into Sam’s dewy eyes, seeing his own face reflected in the daylight that shone through Qurdruk’s roof. “Now you’re going off to
Dean smirked. “You’re welcome.”
All at once, Dean’s mood changed. It had nothing to do with the potion – but everything to do with having Castiel’s thumb in his mouth. Dean sucked slowly, feeling his body tingle hot, his eyes locked to Castiel’s. He felt breathless, and immensely excited. He squeezed his thighs together, enjoying the pressure that had built so quickly between his legs.
“Hm,” he said, as people mumbled happy condolences.
Dean walked out of the car rental place an hour later with his head held high, the proud new owner of a 1967 Chevy Impala. He’d pay for it fully within the week. But right now, he was going to put pedal to the metal and ride a tailwind from L.A. to Phoenix, Arizona.
Dean had no idea what he was talking about. He felt scared that something was different, but not in a good way. Castiel had known Dean wouldn’t like the result of a successful potion, and now it was done... What would come of this?
“Um, your room’s here,” Charlie said as they reached an arched doorway, but Dean kept descending. Charlie followed.
“Oh, no, no, it’s my gift,” Castiel said, looking between the frustrated Mariela and the now-bashful Dean. “Really, don’t worry about it.”
“Zen baseball isn’t even a thing,” Sam laughed. “You’re meant to have
“How? How is it different?”
With a small, startled smile, he explained to Charlie, “Uh, it—
Every fourteen- and fifteen-year-old in the room looked dismayed.
Charlie touched her heart, flattered by Dean’s gesture.
...?”
Dean worked up a little sideways grin. “Heh.”
Charlie shrugged back. “Don’t look at me, I’ve never come across this before. Being transgender always seemed like a pretty permanent kind of mindset. But you’re all over the shop.”
Dean huffed. “Nope.”
“You leave the toilet seat down,” Castiel complained.
Castiel paused, not yet sprinkling his powdered wormwood into his cauldron. He looked at Dean with his tired eyes. It seemed a chord had been struck within him. “You think I stopped?”
“He’s bisexual,” Castiel stated.
. He sighed, smiling. Then he blinked and stood straighter, making a gruff noise. “I don’t know, do I? They’re
“Whoa, boy. There’s your first problem right there,” Charlie said, slapping Castiel’s back. “Remember
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay then—” He paused, thinking of something else he really wanted to know. “Do you ever...” He swallowed hard, eyes dipping to the potion, which carried on bubbling. “Do you ever wish that you could be someone else? Some
Castiel gulped. Dean’s heart beat faster as he sank down, their gazes locked.
“Yeah, yeah, very funny, it’s a naked man,” Dean said, sitting in his wooden chair and tossing his boots up on the desk. “My drawing skills never won any awards, so sue me.” He grinned though, and he let the class get over the chuckling stage and reach the point of quiet titters.
Castiel squinted. “I’m not sure
“Fun,” Sam said. “Nostalgic, I guess. But I don’t feel like a Muggle again, I feel like—”
“Try this,” Gertrude said to Castiel, lifting her hand to her ear. She pinched her earlobe gently, rubbing it. “That’ll calm you. It was always a good distraction for Charlie when she was young, when she went to have her vaccinations, or when she’d get upset. I’d get her to focus on this, forget everything else for the time being.”
Dean glanced at her, glad his flush was hidden in the candlelight. “Most of it’s in his.”
Rinker looked pointedly at the ballfield, his tatty ears flapping. Dean turned his eyes to see what Rinker meant, and the first thing Dean saw was Castiel, dressed in his baseball whites, his shirt open to the waist, his sleeves loose and his hair a mess. Dean’s heart seemed to flip in his chest.
Dean watched the Qurdruk Quidditch team straggling and staggering where they stood, the last of them toppling down off their brooms. Their terracotta robes were presumably dusty now, but they looked the same colour they’d been before.
He can’t have changed his mind about coming as Castiel’s date... could he?
Dean smiled quietly for a while.
“Why am I turned on?” Dean nearly laughed. “Dude, you’re squirming like you’re an accidental touch away from coming in your pants.”
“I missed it,” Dean said, not even looking away from Castiel’s face. “Did you know that when Muggles see shooting stars, they make a wish?”
One more kiss, and he moved lower.
“Don’t hesitate,” Castiel whispered. A warm hand cupped the back of Dean’s neck, and Castiel sank back a few inches so he could meet Dean’s eyes. “Just tell me. First time you see me in the morning, say it.”
“Nobody cares what you think, Gabriel,” Sam sang, clearing all the desks away with a swipe of his wand.
Witch Weekly
“Hhhhow does saying you want a career shift jinx it, exactly? You gotta tell people what you’re goin’ for, don’t ya? Keeping it to yourself means it’s kinda hard for anyone to help you get there.”
Castiel turned around in a huff, but he blinked acceptingly, relaxing on Dean’s last point. “Okay.”
Dean stood and stared at himself in the bathroom mirror, caught off-guard by the sight of himself.
“I know, right?” Charlie beamed. She patted Castiel’s bicep. “C’mon, let’s go up. We’re late.”
Then they laughed. And they danced. And Charlie took a picture.
“Hey, Dean? I have an idea,” Charlie said, holding up a finger. “There’s a pretty little vintage number I’ve got hidden in my closet. I’m thinking... mm, yeah, it would be an
Castiel laughed, hiding his face with a hand. “I’m sorry. I like it when you get flustered.”
“Then what? Why won’t you kiss me?”
Castiel nodded, and, after some consideration of the bench, and how Dean was obviously not sitting on it correctly, did a most irregular thing and sat with Dean on its top. Boots on the seat, they faced out towards a sparkling blue pond that was fluffed with white clouds, reflecting the sky perfectly.
Together they balanced. Sweet and salty. Subtle and spicy. Sugar and smoke. These days both of them could be either.
shady guys?” Dean said, one eyebrow quirked. “What are you, guilt-tripping me? Do they deserve to have their car stolen or not?” He held up a hand when all three of his friends began to argue. “I know, I know, I just heard myself. God.” He clutched his head in his hands.
“But your job is teaching us,” Mandy laughed from the front.
Still grinning, Charlie shook her head at Castiel. “But you’d definitely imagine better if you were
“What are you sending?” Charlie asked, strapping a tiny parcel onto the leg of a full-grown phoenix. The bird was the same bright colour as her shoulder-length hair.
Castiel marvelled at that philosophy.
He flopped it one way, then the other way. He put Dean’s penis next to his own and waggled them together, and Castiel looked so amused by it that Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
“I.. I’m not—” Dean tried to smile but it came out shaky. “Nn-nn. Cas, that’s, uh... I mean, I appreciate it, really, but—”
Castiel smiled, eyes on Dean’s lips, then up to meet his gaze. “May I see yours?”
of them. That made them caretakers.
Frying pan down. Stove on, blazing fire up the curved black sides. Oil sloshed in, cold, tipped to reach the edges.
“How’s it feel?” Charlie asked, screwing her hands around the vial.
“For the better,” Charlie said. “They know I’m gay, they know they can talk to me about that.”
“You couldn’t resist me, could you?” Dean grinned, dragging himself against Castiel, then rolling on top of him. They kissed, sharing breaths.
Professor Bradbury looked at Dean and her smile grew. “Always knew Sam took after someone great.”
Castiel bent to retrieve the ladle, eyes stuck on Dean. “Pardon me?”
20 years after the show ended. Still can’t believe that happened.)
Castiel turned around and plucked two more butterbeers off a tray that floated past. He handed one to Sam, and they tapped their glasses together, drinking a sip in silence.
“It’s perfect, mijo,” Mariela said, taking Castiel into a hug as soon as he was out of Dean’s embrace. “You’ve done so well for yourself.”
“He’s gonna get himself drowned,” Dean muttered. “HEY, CAS. BE CAREFUL.”
All of a sudden, Dean couldn’t quite remember what he was meant to be talking about. He blinked a few times, reaching into his open waistcoat and pulling out a folded parchment. He skim-read his notes, and exhaled in relief.
Dean’s eyes shone like the stars all landed there by accident. “
His only brother was leaving. For the first time in their entire lives, Dean and Sam were apart.
Soon he felt Castiel staring at him, so glanced over.
“I’ll have none of that!” Gertrude said sharply. “
, I didn’t mean normal—”
“Hrmph,” Dean said, stalking after Professor Bradbury. The crowd was dwindling, since most students were already inside now, desperate to get out of the evening heat. Principal Moseley brought up the rear, following a few paces behind Charlie, Dean, and Castiel.
Dean found himself grinning, shaking his head. “And I thought your speciality was desserts.”
These were the Jinstem first-years. They were young and fresh-faced, their skin tones varying between black-as-black and lightly tanned, although two were pale and looked completely out of their depth: a clear mark of being Muggle-born. One Japanese girl sat in a floating chair, her face expectant.
“No,” Dean said, putting his hand over Castiel’s when he reached for the self-stirring ladle. “Look at me.”
Heading to the kitchen, Dean glanced back over his shoulder as he sensed a presence following him. Castiel looked around at the mustard-clay walls and the tiles behind the stove with roosters on them, then the beams arching over the ceiling, pillars cornering the wooden-topped island, making up a galley kitchen that backed up onto a set of doors: one to Dean’s bedroom, one to the towel cupboard with the water tank, one to the tiny back porch, which was naught but a dark rectangle through the door’s glass, hidden behind a swept-aside plaid curtain.
He stared at Castiel, then took a breath and asked, “What about you? How are you taking the change?”
Castiel hastened through the crowd before he could be captured by the whirlpool, and he reached Professor Moondoor just as she sank down to the ground in a crouch, finishing her dance.
Castiel smiled, eyes twinkling. “Well?”
you.”
,” Castiel said, his sad eyes drooping, holding himself like a little wounded animal.
Dean would go there sometimes. He’d sit at the side of the fountain, losing himself to the soft ripples of the sparkling water as it lapped at the pale stone. He’d listen to the phoenixes singing, and he’d watch an enchanted breeze gust through the flowering vines that covered every wall. Candles lit the room, set into white alcoves at equidistance, as well as floating in the air. The ceiling was laced with light, made up of white candles hovering high.
Rather flustered now, Castiel paced between the desks, looking from cauldron to cauldron, making sure his students weren’t making a terrible mess as they ladled the pearlescent white mixtures into their vials.
Dean wet his lips. “Can I...?”
Dean put on a gentle smile, nodding as he scrubbed a tangle of forks. “Had to suck.”
A quiet knock sounded on the door to Dean’s quarters, and Charlie turned towards it along with Castiel and Dean.
“Play you for the mattress,” Sam said, showing Dean a fist curled on top of his palm.
Castiel scratched the back of his neck, trying not to smile. “I suppose if I... tossed it with some rice and some... hm, pesto, olives—”
“Ask me to dance.”
“Oh. Yes. We packed up. Ran out of cakes.”
Sam gave it a twirl, then spun it expertly between his fingers. “Hey, nice. Good wand. Whippy. Easy to handle. With a bit of practice, you’ll get really good at using it. Especially if you pay attention in Charms class.” He flipped the wand around and offered it handle-first to Skyking. “And get this: birchwood and unicorn hair in combination can make a great healing wand. Not saying healing magic is your destiny, or anything, but chances are, it’ll be a strength of yours.”
Castiel took a breath, but let it go, shrinking back to the wall. Mariela told him he got too intense playing games, and that was no good. He wanted Dean to like him and opposing him in battle was not the way to achieve that.
Dean went dewy-eyed, and they shared a soft kiss, as the rest of their family documented the moment a hundred times over.
“Go on,” Dean encouraged, sliding his fingers into Castiel’s hair. “You’re not the only one who likes it.”
Castiel swallowed. “Uhm.”
Castiel watched hands fly up and words scatter across the room, students getting up in arms and wild-eyed about his advice. He took breaths to speak but found himself cut off by another shout, and as soon as his eyes went that way, someone else spoke from another desk, he was practically hyperventilating, and he was starting to think he might need to down a swig of Calming Draught himself when—
Dean passed the butter. He only had to move it five inches farther from him.
Dean shrugged, slipping his fingers into the front pockets of his jeans, wrinkling his grease-darkened apron. “How ‘bout you? What’re you about?”
“I didn’t realise anyone would hear it,” Dean rasped, letting Castiel softly take his elbows and lower his hands so Castiel could see his expression. “It was just me and Charlie, it was just us messin’ around. This was gonna be the one they never played on air. Student pirate radio, man – it ruined everything.”
“And maybe a corsage,” Charlie said. “I’m thinking pink, would set off the green in Dean’s eyes.”
“Losers,” Gabriel said, sulking at the side of the room. “Standards for the teachers at this school are at a record low, I’m telling ya. You guys can’t even get it up.”
“Call me,” Dean said with a tilt of his head. “On my... cellular telephone.”
“You don’t know that.”
’ in his own cursive. There was a worse version with badly-spaced letters on the backside of the same cloth, but in the constant blaze of summer light, nobody could tell.
They couldn’t have done this in the car, Dean decided, still shaking from his orgasm, still seeing coloured spots when he opened his eyes. They had to do it here, where they could lie back and hold each other’s skin, kiss shoulders and run fingers through hair. They could be barefoot here, they could stretch out naked.
, particles of soot drifted black-gold against a pristine blue sky, soon whisked away by the dancing aroma of fried sugar pastry and a tickle of metallic confetti. And beside that seething black beast of a truck was his destination: a simple white table piled high with pretty pastel-coloured cakes.
“Don’t you ever get sick of making the same thing over and over?” Dean asked, sitting at a right angle to Castiel, his hand pressed into his cheek as he rested heavily on his elbow. His cheek squished up next to his eye, and his voice came out muffled. “‘Cause
“No, no, there,” Dean said, tapping the other side of his chin.
“Oh,” Castiel said. His eyebrows rose. “Oh, I think it did work!”
Dean locked his hands together between his knees, sitting forward on his stool. He wanted to go to Castiel and embrace him. But he hung back, not sure if it was that sort of moment. Dean had been wrong before.
“Then my brother—” Sam huffed a laugh, “he came up to me one evening. He snuck into the Qurdruk common room just to confront me. He’d gotten my report card. He was my legal guardian, so it went to him. And he wasn’t pissed off. He wasn’t angry, he didn’t shout. He just... asked me what the hell happened. I was always so good at all my classes, and now I was failing almost all of them.”
about this stuff, especially if they’re going to go home to Muggle families and Muggle sex partners. But, look, it’s— It’s more than that. It’s about— Ack! It’s about my Head of House advising me not to become an auror because it’s a competitive industry, and conveniently forgetting to tell me that
“I got my acceptance letter for Jinxes while I was sweeping the basement of some old guy’s house, trying to earn enough to pay for dinner.” Dean began to smile at the memory. “A phoenix dropped down the chimney and messed up what I’d sweeped. Just –
Dean chuckled. “Okay. Fair.” He licked his lips, then reached over to paw at Castiel’s arm. “So all the stuff I’ve been feeding you. That... doesn’t work for you?”
It’s not really a quarry. It’s a pretend quarry.
Perhaps, Castiel decided, as he found a trash can in the kitchen and filled it all at once, it would be best if Dean never again had to meet the person Castiel tried so hard not to be. That person had riled up the crowd but made Dean look ever so sombre after their game of pool. Being that person left Castiel feeling strong and
Dean’s heart did something alarmingly pleasant: it leapt.
In the few minutes he’d been getting the cake from his car, that chunky catering truck had opened its hatch just to the left of the
The whiff of burning food snapped Dean’s attention away – and he yelled in alarm, fleeing Cas’ body heat and rushing for his steel pan, grabbing his silver spatula and lifting one, two, three patties off the dry-burning pan and its wisps of smoke. “Plate!” he shouted. “Plate, I need a plate—”
Dean licked his lips, wiped his mouth on his sleeve, then shouldered open the doors to the Great Hall. He strode in, confident for the first five steps.
When the last notes played, a static silence filled the Potions classroom. Dean didn’t remember stopping his feet, but he realised he was still. He was frozen in time, holding Castiel, being held.
“I came to see Dean,” Sam smiled. “I mean, Professor Winchester.”
But one quiet whisper met Sam’s ears: “
Castiel stared at Dean for a moment. “Won’t it hurt?”
Dean stopped touching the lavender. He held it still, his thumb pressed to it. Castiel stared through barely-open eyes.
Charlie leaned back to let a gust of outdoor air ruffle Dean’s spiked-up hair. “Your boyfriend’s offering to
Castiel smiled. “Dean, after you’ve just handed me this feast, I can assure you, I most certainly did not use God’s name in
“I’ll put a photo album together,” Charlie promised. “Your photos, my photos.” She smiled at Gertrude. “I took photos mainly of us, but Cas took some great ones. He’d walk way behind us, so he could snap shots of our shoes. And he took loads of pictures of interesting clouds, and the scenery, and Moosh and Baby Batman. Enough to paper a wall.”
Castiel discovered the joys of a playground slide. Dean liked the monkey bars best. Sam twisted his ankle climbing the rope ladder, and Dean laughed for five minutes before finding him a bottle of cold water to keep the swelling down. Charlie took pictures.
“Cas?”
“I’m getting to it,” Dean tutted. “What I’m saying is, you don’t fit any one house. But the rest of us do. You’re like, the fourth house. The fourth house we don’t have. You got a little bit of all of us in you. Sam’s passion for his subject. His drive to be great, to succeed. You got Charlie’s kindness and empathy, and that – what is that? – the internal fire. Mine too, I guess, not to talk myself up...” Dean smiled shyly. “Uh.”
‘rusty’.” He didn’t understand air quotes, clearly. It was beyond endearing.
“Good,” Sam said, looking at the boy coldly. He turned his back, not expecting to hear any more out of him.
“People are difficult,” Castiel said, tilting his head. “Is that what you mean?”
Dean met his friend’s eyes. He stared for a while, thoughts racing through his mind. Defence Against the Dark Arts had always been his favourite subject, his best subject, and the one he was most qualified to teach. And yet...
“Uh-huh,” Dean said, staring at the miracle in his hand. He was trembling inside, his mind ablaze with imaginings of how he would look once the magic was inside him.
Castiel laughed, rolling his eyes. “Okay, Dean,” he said. “Just—” He looked to the nightstand and reached for his wand. “Aguamenti.” He filled the empty glass beside his head, then set down his wand and sat up part-way to drink. He guzzled half the glass before Dean looked at it wantingly, and Castiel grinned, offering the tipped rim to Dean.
Castiel shrugged, smirking unapologetically. “Don’t you find it beautiful?”
(92k, veterinarian Cas and daredevil-turned-kindergarten-teacher Dean raise ducklings together in a tiny village).
“Sure is,” Dean nodded.
Charlie clearly had no argument for that.
Letting go of Dean’s hand, Castiel bent his right knee to rest his ankle against his left thigh, and he unlaced his shoe, then pulled off his sock. He set his foot down—
“Oh boy,
Castiel rubbed his forehead. “I don’t know what happened back on the dancefloor.”
When Dean looked up, he pursed his lips, gazing along the rows and rows of pimply, awkward teenagers. “When we talk about someone’s sex, what do we mean, exactly?” He stood up, twirling his wand around his fingers as he paced the stage. “Sometimes people use ‘sex’ and ‘gender’ interchangeably. But what we
Dean waited, but nothing else came. “What? What were you gonna say?”
. Until he was eighteen, Dean wasn’t sure he agreed with that. Sure, he could relate to the jackrabbit mascot, given that his core values were food and attractive people. Girls, mostly. Sometimes... y’know, not girls. But that was it, that was all he cared about. Plus looking after his brother, and not flunking school. Nothing else mattered to him.
“But it’s never immediate,” Dean said. “Sometimes it takes years. But they do come true, so long as you wish for someone
Castiel’s eyes flickered shut, and he squirmed in his bed, flooded with a warm, exciting feeling. He felt too hot – unbearably hot; a spectacular blaze had begun in his lower belly, and he smiled, mouth open, letting out a soft murmur of “
Dean whined in grief. “God-fuckin’-
“Oh, thank you,” Charlie said. Blushing, she hastened to ask Gilda, “D’yawannadance?”
to owe Castiel a favour?
Dean grinned at him until he settled down. Their grins faded to smiles, and Dean shrugged a shoulder. “Twelve years is a long time, Cas. Just saying. Charlie and Gilda are happily married, Sam’s a fully-qualified Ministry-appointed handler, Missouri and Joshua threw their hearts into cultivating that magical garden for the school— But what are we? What are you and me doing with our lives?”
“Yes, it does,” Castiel said, sprinkling cheese on his potato. “Could you pass the butter, please?”
He found Castiel already in the kitchen, washing his hands. Dean took him by the waist and hugged him, giving his neck a kiss.
“Firelash is expecting her egg in about two months,” Gertrude said softly, keeping her voice down for the birds’ sake. “Inferno won’t leave her side.”
Dean flinched, hearing a nearby buzz. He looked around for a wasp, only to realise the buzz was coming from his own pocket. He set the barbecue box on the truck’s serving ledge, then reached for his cellphone.
“Geez, are you two puppy love central or what?” Bobby muttered. “Dean would’ve been fine even if you left him lying in the dust all night. He’s a tough nut.”
it roasts.” He reached up and dumped a foil-wrapped wad of roast beef on the service counter. “The middle’s done now, finally. Cold-smoke this bitch already.”
The three weeks leading up to the ball were some of the most bizarre and exciting weeks of Dean’s life. The days and nights weren’t filled with explosions, or big realisations, or great events, but every day he felt his heart skip a beat, butterflies in his tummy, a blush on his cheeks.
Dean licked his lips, dazedly considering kissing Castiel’s cheek for luck. But three pairs of eyes watched them, so he backed away, returning to his place between Charlie and Sam.
“Dean, you’re thirty-two, you’re not falling apart.”
“I didn’t know you’d make a habit of swallowing it,” Castiel whispered, sucking on Dean’s ear, then sighing into it. The tickle made Dean grin.
Dean ran a hand over his mouth, thinking back two days, for a split-second reliving the agony of feeling his dress tearing off his own shoulders. His breath hitched, and he looked down. “Like, uh... Friday night. All of you were there, I guess you know what I’m talkin’ about. I miscalculated on a potion. The thing was meant to last twenty-five hours – I never accounted for the party overrunning past midnight. But you know what? I learned from that. Took the same potion again at nine-sixteen yesterday morning, and whaddya know, it wore off just in time for me to show up to class this Sunday.”
Castiel smiled. “Did you expect me to be surprised?”
As a rule, Castiel would always be the first person to leave any social gathering. Yet tonight the rule was already broken; people had arrived and left whenever they pleased, and Castiel hardly noticed the slow dispersal of strangers. For a good amount of time he entertained himself by examining Dean’s bookshelf, finding a lot of pulp sci-fi; Orwell, Vonnegut, Bradbury; TV tie-in novels for some medical drama Castiel had been meaning to watch for years; three different editions of
They walked as naturally as they could through the hallways, Dean holding his waistcoat over one bent arm, Castiel carrying the rag Dean had used to wipe Calming Draught from his hand. He scrunched it and flipped it, pretending he was folding it whenever they passed a student in the hall. Thankfully the hallways were near-deserted: after school, most students would flock to their common room for a break, or to the Great Hall for snacks.
Castiel frowned deeper. “What’s bubblegum?”
Dean went to bed smiling. Funnily enough, he dreamed about Castiel for the first time in a long time.
“I— I just...” Dean breathed, struggling to pull himself together. “As a kid you dream about shit like that. What Sam said about Cinderella— I loved that story.” Dean looked at Charlie as he spoke, perhaps finding safe harbour in her eyes. “I wanted to go to some fancy ball. I dunno, maybe it was a stupid, childish dream, but I decided if I ever got to go to a ball, I wanted the pumpkin coach and the sparkly dress and the—” He looked up, meeting Castiel’s eyes across the room. “The prince.”
Several times throughout the afternoon, the metal door at the side of
Saskia flushed. “Yessir,” she said in a breath. Her eyes darted to Castiel, then away. “I’ve gotta go, bye,” she said, and rushed off, grabbing her satchel from her desk. A ladle toppled off the desk behind her, but she was out of the door before it hit the floor.
Castiel allowed a smile to break his mask, holding Dean’s eyes. “One more move,” he said quietly, calmly. “Think I can do it, Dean?”
“Then why don’t we make a different potion?” Dean suggested. “This turquoise one’s pretty much all you’ve made in two entire
Sam shrugged a shoulder, smiling widely. “Jinxes needed a Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. This is my home, and Defence was always my best subject. You know that as well as I do that when you get an offer like that, you don’t turn it down.”
The next day he took the same broom and flew to the same spot, and he hung there again, watching tumbleweed float between the cacti, catching on lumpy grass before being swept up with another wave of loose desert dust. He liked to watch waves appear in the sand, and he liked to watch the Muggle city of Phoenix sparkle like a gem in the distance.
“Do you want to touch?” Castiel asked. He moved closer, so his shoulder pressed to Dean’s.
He and Castiel sat together, Castiel pouring out some chilled water for them both.
“You needn’t be. Charlie and I did spectacularly. And if you really hate how it looks, Dean, we
“Nobody knows,” Gilda answered, quickly turning her head of dark, tight curls just so she could catch glimpses of the mystery woman. “I asked Moseley, but she just lifted up her parchment and asked me what I wanted to be introduced as when it’s time for individual dances.”
Dean lowered his eyes, watching Castiel’s soft breaths slide over his lips. Dean wondered why he hadn’t looked at Castiel’s lips so closely before; he had a beautiful mouth. It opened softly with an arch at the top, like a puppy’s. Castiel’s lips were a delicate pink colour, finely grooved. The hair on his upper lip and below on his chin was all shaved to stubble, though it had grown over the day and through the evening, late into the night. If Dean were to touch it, it would prickle... It caught the light, and the thick strands appeared golden, shining.
Dean watched them go, thinking to himself that he’d be happy if he and Cas could turn out like that when they got old.
Sam slammed a metal prong down on the flaming grill, then turned to Dean, as if about to burst into flames himself. “
It was common knowledge to the folks in Jinstem that they were sorted into that house because their core value was
“No time-turner’s gonna fix that,” Sam joked, but Dean didn’t smile. Sam sighed. “I’ll miss you too.”
Dean felt a rush of heat, and it was well-timed: the sun vanished behind distant mountains, and although spaces around them still gleamed with light, the temperature in the shade dropped instantly.
Castiel glanced up at the clock. “It’s nine-twenty, not three.”
Castiel gripped Dean’s forearm, looked him in the eyes, and growled, “I am not going home without proving you wrong. Stop acting like you’re inconveniencing me. If I didn’t want to be here, Dean, believe me, I would
Castiel probably didn’t know, but he nodded anyway.
See, after years of avoiding adults, Sam ended up becoming a ward of Jinxes. He was a permanent resident of the school, the way the house elves and the phoenixes were residents of the school. Except the house elves got paid, and could take leave, and the phoenixes could fly off whenever they liked. Sam had to stay with Dean or a teacher; he wasn’t allowed out alone.
Castiel seemed unsure about how to hold the bat, but he got a decent grip before Skink pitched him a slow overarm ball. Castiel gasped and swung wildly, pre-empting a hit, instead swinging so low that he almost got Dean’s knee.
Dean hummed an amused note. “You’re hard as
to me. I just thought— Recently it’s been too much...”
Sam craned his head up see the student. “Hi,” he smiled. “What’s your name?”
Dean side-stepped around him, barely looking up. “I’m going to vent about the difference between ‘there’ and ‘their’ and ‘
Castiel nodded. “He tried to teach me to drive, for all of two minutes. I nearly drove into a cactus and he took over, muttering that I was going to drive us into the quarry if I kept on like that.”
Dean swivelled on his stool. “Cas...” He huffed, shaking his head. “Actually, you know what, I’m not even gonna question it. What do you wanna do?”
“Oh, I know,” Missouri said. “And that is precisely why my rule stands. No relationships, no personal information shared with the students; no problems.”
Dean shut his eyes. “I can’t even offer to buy you. I blew my spending money on gas for this trip. Besides...” Dean reached into the pockets of his jeans and pulled out everything he had converted from Muggle money to wizarding money. “Sixty Galleons, four Sickles and a Knut,” Dean counted. “What is that, fifteen bucks? Twenty? That’s not even worth your mud guards.”
“They’ll be here.”
No response.
Dean relaxed amongst the laughter. “Honestly, Bobby? Ass like
“Came lookin’ for you,” Dean explained, sidling up into Castiel’s space. He leaned into kiss him, and Castiel kissed back, but his hands stayed behind him. Dean reached out, but as soon as his fingers touched Castiel’s middle, Castiel backed away, breaking the kiss.
, Los Angeles; care of Oscar Oswaldson, please, if it’s not too much trouble. Ms. Raglan approved my purchase, so you’ll be bringing a parcel back. I ordered a lot of rare herbs, and they might be heavy,” he warned. “Sorry.”
In the ferris car directly behind Dean and Castiel, Sam laughed. Charlie pulled out her camera and took a picture. A purple sky reigned in the background, every electric light blurred into bright octagons. Dean and Castiel nestled together, Castiel’s nose buried in Dean’s hair.
, and how to keep yourself in
Dean started. Cas actually sounded serious about that. “Huh.”
“I wanted to cure my autism,” Castiel said. “I wanted to be normal.”
To accept a post at the school and be granted a home for the summer provided relief beyond compare. And to stay
vine flowers. Missouri Everloves, he called ‘em.”
Dean was about to speak, but he seemed to pick up on something in Castiel’s words. “So that’s not a no?”
“Does that bother you?” Castiel asked.
“When I first met Cas, I was just over three years older than him,” Charlie said. “Now I’m seven years older than him. It’s only been nine years since we met.”
vibes.”
Castiel’s mouth slid open. “Would I get it back? That would rather imply we’d see each other again.”
The song faded out after another repeat of the chorus, and Dean bobbed to it as it went.
Castiel pressed his lips together, a fake smile. “A little,” he admitted. “This time because I know we weren’t meant to do this here in the castle.”
? How?!”
He came to
“Um,” Castiel grinned. “No. Hopefully not.” He looked back, and he put a hand on his textbooks. “The books you have in front of you, those are your guides for the year. There will be some modules in the end-of-year test which aren’t covered in the books—”
Oh, the music.
Dean folded up the parchment, and he stood, waving his wand to empty out the cauldron of ruined potion. “I should’ve got this one,” he muttered. “I made the same potion perfectly back in my fourth year.”
“Um, no, it’s okay. He’s busy. I’ll just—” Castiel tilted his head towards his car. “I’ll try and come by some other time. Thank you. Have a good afternoon.”
“In baseball. This training position, what’s it called?”
Castiel squinted. “I’m... gonna... hang up... now.”
“Too bad,” Dean said, slapping Castiel’s knee and leaving his hand there. “I signed us up.”
Dean turned his face so he was nose-to-nose with Castiel, and they kissed slowly, smacking lips, nudging cheeks as they tilted their heads.
Still reeling with joy, he placed one foot on the hard metal pedal, revved the engine, then set the car in gear. The moment the back doors were closed, the tires screeched on the tarmac, and the car tore down the street with all four of the wheels on the ground, just the way a real Muggle car was meant to.
“How’s what?” Castiel replied.
Dean stood up, scratching thoughtfully at his hairline. Students looked at him with interested wonder, and Castiel supposed he looked at him the same way.
Castiel’s hand drifted across the corner of the table to touch Dean’s wrist. Dean blinked back his tears, looking up to meet Castiel’s eyes. Concern now seemed to dominate Castiel’s expression. “Dean,” Castiel said softly. “Are you okay?”
Almost...
Mary Winchester came over, and opened her arms for a hug. Dean fell from Cas and pasted himself against his mother’s front, rocking her from foot to foot. “Thanks, Mom,” Dean whispered.
Dean nodded. He lifted a hand and clapped it firmly over Castiel’s knuckles. “We’ll figure it out. Me, you, Sammy, Charlie? Mariela too. We’ll figure it out.” His fingertips slid between Castiel’s fingers, holding on. “That’s what friends are for.” He held Castiel’s eyes, responding to astonishment with glee. “Cas? One question, though.”
Just as he was about to speak, to say something, anything – he felt a warm hand on his arm. He looked up. Castiel was there.
Dean led Castiel up the staircase, their shoes crunching and scraping on the red dirt. Late afternoon sunlight seared upon Castiel’s forehead, blanking out his view whenever he tried to look up at Dean. Dean’s ascending silhouette formed in purple whenever he stepped in front of the sun, but otherwise he was nothing but a moving shape, covered up by salient golden rays.
With a little more eyeshine from Dean and the cajoling pulls of pawing hands, Cas loosened up a bit, and started to smile. With a roll of his eyes, he finally let Dean sway him – and then the
Nearly twenty people surrounded the picnic benches that they’d pushed together for an impromptu feast. Amidst all of their joviality, Dean caught Castiel’s eyes over and over, and saw him looking back with pride and adoration.
“Oh?”
“Hey, it was your bet,” Dean tutted, elbowing Castiel’s side. “And my feet are killing me. Not to mention my
Missouri turned around to peer at the younger woman. Charlie’s red hair appeared aflame in the sunlight; a pleading look made up her expression. The insistence of earlier was gone. Now Charlie only said the words like it was the only thing she could accept. No argument.
Moseley’s office was not part of the castle, but was set into the clay at the side of the quarry. It was a middle-sized room, although its contents were spaced out so it appeared large: ceiling-tall bookshelves lined the left and right sides of the room, and the terracotta floor was furnished with a single antique desk, topped with magical instruments. Beyond the desk stood the proud, silhouetted figure of Professor Missouri Moseley, her robe flowing from her elbows. Behind her, one large window overlooked the entire quarry. The glass was sectioned into pieces so the lead joinings formed the official crest of the school: a lizard, a cardinal, and a jackrabbit perched on and around a cactus, frozen in a moment when lightning struck.
Charlie grinned and went back to squishing berries against the bottom of her bowl.
Taking a deep breath, Castiel held it for a moment, then breathed out, “
“You think he chickened out.” Sam leaned back, a sad shine in the eye Castiel could see clearly.
“No, for serious,” the phoenix said. “You always look sadder when you come by late.”
Then, at the front of the class, a girl named Rain raised her hand.
, you said your friend Dean was sweet as a baby lamb.”
“Don’t worry, I talked them into it,” Charlie grinned.
“Ah... A standard vial that size would last twenty-five hours for the average male, according to the book,” Castiel said. “The ball tomorrow night ends at midnight.” He looked behind him, and spotted the group of cogs and wheels floating in mid-air by the moonlit window. As he looked, the clock hands ticked up to the hour. “Ten to eleven. So,” Castiel smiled at Dean, “if you drink it in about ten minutes, that vial ought to last until exactly midnight tomorrow. Just enough time for the ball.”
Dean flipped through pages, but for a while he couldn’t recognise numbers or words, and he flipped through the whole thing before he had to start over. He hadn’t meant to expose himself like that. Or at all. What did Cas think of him now? Dean must seem a wreck, talking about things he wasn’t meant to talk about...
“Weirdo,” Dean chuckled, smiling widely.
The laughter petered out.
“Well, not personally—”
believe themselves to be. On the inside.”
of what is happening in my head and body,
“What d’ya say,” Dean muttered, touching Castiel’s lower back. “Try our own, then try each other’s?”
“Well. I suppose. But my ‘people skills’
“No, no,” Dean said hastily. “I just—” He shrugged. “Didn’t expect you to say it to my face, is all.”
Castiel thought. The blackbird’s push was encouragement enough. Better than ‘enough’, in fact, as Castiel knew it to be a symbol of temptation. A little rule-breaking was not the same as wrongdoing, he supposed. Dean would never be Mariela’s favourite person, but she herself was hardly the picture of piety and goodness. Dean was graceful... and generous... and oh, so gorgeous.
“I wouldn’t be so secretive if you weren’t so nosy,” Castiel replied.
“Do me a favour, Dean,” that rough voice called after him.
knowing Dean wanted things he wouldn’t admit he wanted, like cake. He said aloud he wanted to win but he really wanted to lose. Castiel had
On the seventh day – their first Friday anniversary, Dean supposed – they said goodnight to each other in the teachers’ common room, packing up their students’ marked papers together. They said goodnight to the other teachers too, and they left together.
One firm snap, and the black ball was swallowed down. Cheers filled the room and blotted out the pumping music.
smart,” Dean finished, breathless.
“What about that one?” Castiel asked, seeing the white ball left alone on the green.
” Castiel said. He gave a small chuckle, and Dean, who’d just found an empty picnic table under a tree, sat down on its top and tensed all over with quiet delight. “
From all the way up here, Castiel could see the windows of the Potions classrooms in shade at the base of the ditch, and some way along, the Zunbyrd and Qurdruk common room windows glinted with yellow.
Dean’s eyes showed his vulnerability when Castiel met his gaze. Dean looked down quickly. “I wanna be all graceful and shit but I keep forgetting...”
“Witch stuff too?”
Sam moved his hand towards the silver wand. “May I?”
. You’ve gotta see how utterly
Dean started to frown. That wasn’t the joyful enthusiasm he’d expected from Castiel. “What?” Dean asked. “What’s wrong with that idea?”
are your vials of magic pink potion. That’s the everyday magic you use to make yourself feel comfortable in your own skin, and make being around friends not seem so tough when you’re havin’ an off day. That’s how you make your ‘engine’ run ‘better’. It’s a thing to help you cope with an uncomfortable feeling. But making a potion that changes who you
“Hey, I’m trying to pull
teams, in
“Oh, I must’ve missed him when I came out,” Castiel muttered. He stepped forward on the black floorboards, eyes roaming the angular stacks of desks. “We ought to put these back for him.”
“What?” Castiel squinted. “When?”
“Please say yes.”
“It’s
Castiel’s hand hesitated, then lowered, and he looked down to end the call. Dean ended his own, and grinned. Their eyes met.
Bobby gave a weary sigh, then reached up and adjusted his dark blue baseball cap over his grey hair. He most likely knew less about baseball than Dean did, but Dean couldn’t imagine him without his hat.
Sam and the others came up close, dragging their luggage behind them. They stopped at the mid-point between hoods of the cars, looking from one to the other.
), which was almost certainly going to confuse people, but the serving hatches would open on the wrong side otherwise. They’d make it work.
Castiel gazed at Dean for a while, starting to smile. “I am gay, actually.”
“I, um...” He gulped once more. “Some days I wake up, and... I feel wrong.”
. Olive oil on everything. I’ve checked and double-checked every ingredient. It’s been a weird week. Sam’s been happy, tell ya that much.”
Castiel set a hand behind his head and raised an eyebrow. “Which ‘thing’ would that be?”
“I love you exactly how you are, and if shit’s difficult for you like this, I wanna
“We’re leaving the fish here, Dean,” Castiel said.
It wasn’t like he hated this song. He’d channelled a young man’s sensuality into every quiver and shake and bassline swoop; it was a song not of lust for another person, but self-love. Not many people knew that. What Dean hated was what it did to him when he heard it. To listen to it usually, he had to be drunk, desperate, or both. It took him places he didn’t always want to go.
“I’m so proud of you, mijo. You’re
Castiel gazed across the room, deep into the shadows, where the shyer students tended to lurk. “I will not let it happen to you,” Castiel said boldly. “I
. Cinderella-types like us didn’t get glass slippers and princes.” Sam turned to look at Dean, shaking his head. “You grew up to be an ungrateful snob, you know that?”
“Uh, no.” Dean smirked. “For one thing, smartass, nothing powered by batteries works beyond the mile-wide border of the school. And another thing,” Dean raised a finger, smirking even more, “we’re twenty-five miles from the nearest radio tower, at
“Mmmhh,” Dean murmured, dizzy as Castiel breathed into his mouth. “Cas...”
Green eyes lowered to Castiel’s lips. Dean drew a breath...
Dean licked his lips slowly, unable to meet her eyes. “I like – being the younger one. Or just being around the same age as him. That’s right for us. If one of us was much older—” Dean frowned, feeling a blush creep onto his cheeks. He noticed his legs were tense and his hands were gripping his inner thighs. He breathed out in a rush. “It’d be weird, that’s all.”
“You know what I mean.” Dean let out a calming breath. “Hmmmmm. Guess I’m not exactly nervous. I’m... excited.” He wriggled a hand by his thigh until he found Castiel’s fingers, and held on. Castiel squeezed assuringly.
“Listen,” Dean said gently, “whatever this potion is, I don’t care. You won’t tell me and that’s fine. But please, for the love of anything, take a break. I haven’t seen you eat, not once.”
“Thanks,” Dean rasped, frowning.
Then Castiel realised he’d still been holding the cake he’d been eating when he leaned in, and the icing had smushed to Dean’s cheek. “Oh—” He laughed, glancing coquettishly at Dean. “Let me...” He hesitated, but leaned in and kissed away the icing, sucking Dean’s cheek a little. Dean grinned through the process, chuckling every few seconds, letting his head be tilted.
“Dammit,” Dean sighed. He glanced sidelong at Castiel, who looked smug again. Dean licked his lower lip. “You wouldn’t wanna slow-dance to an infomercial, would you?”
Castiel supposed that was good logic.
Dean gasped, looking over Castiel’s shoulder at the radio. It had burst into flames.
. Yours too.”
Dean sighed. Charlie smiled down at him, which raised his spirits a little.
Dean clambered into his driver’s seat with a sigh of satisfaction. The smell of leather... engine oil... Cas... Oh, yeah, he was in Heaven. Dean purred, arching back into the seat. It made a real leather sound under him, juddering and squeaking.
“You deliver?”
Skyking gave a smirk, which suddenly made him look a lot less small and cute. “Are you pureblood?”
“What Patron Singer wanted you to tell everyone,” Dean said, meeting Castiel’s eyes.
, but—
“Jasmine,” Castiel said, exhaling. “Like the flowers on your wand.”
“I put the other stuff on after class,” Dean said quietly, shoulders hunched forward. He threaded his fingers through Charlie’s, curling tight for security. “On full witch days, maybe I’d... do some makeup or somethin’, I dunno.” He was embarrassed now, rubbing the back of his neck.
“And...” Dean breathed. “Boobs. Like, B-cup, maybe C-cup.”
Last week Dean had drawn the parts of Castiel that he feared most out into the light, and yet didn’t shy away from them. Unlike Mariela – unlike anyone, really – Dean didn’t seem to think there was anything wrong with how Castiel acted when he got overly focused or competitive or snappy or intense. Dean seemed... And this was the part Castiel still struggled to understand... He seemed to
Dean smirked. “I figured that.” He took Castiel’s hand, and they came to another platform. They were most of the way to the turning in the bridge now.
The other man – what was his name, Castle? Casio? Like the calculators?
Charlie reached over, handing Dean his familiar. Dean took Baby Batman and cuddled him under his chin, finding comfort in the creature’s soft neck fluff.
He looked where he was walking instead, and it was a good thing he did, too, because he almost bumped into Charlie as she rounded a corner.
“Let’s do it,” Dean said.
Dean was sorted into the house called Jinstem. From the moment he was sorted and he was shown the dorm rooms, he felt at home. The dorms were in the lowest turret, down a spiralling, spiralling staircase. The common room was alive with green plants – ivy and cacti and huge sweeping leaves, draped across every shimmering white wall, like a tropical greenhouse. But it wasn’t hot like a greenhouse. It was beautifully cool.
The man looked at the hand in distaste. “Have you washed that?”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Partly.”
Charlie smiled uncomfortably.
Castiel lifted their joined hands and kissed the back of Dean’s. “You’ll want some more potion, I take it?”
“I’m gonna go fish that son of a bitch out the water, okay?” Dean snapped, shedding his shirt onto Sam’s legs, kicking off his pants. “If I start drowning, don’t wait up.” He stormed off, making a beeline for the water.
Castiel folded his tie neatly and tucked it into the pocket of his jeans. He felt a little smile tug on his lips.
“Uhm,” Casio said, breathless. “I— I hope that we... you and I... could be friends. Acquaintances. Perhaps we could just nod if we see each other in the hall, I’m sure we’ll run into each other over the summer, what with us being the only teachers staying here—”
! I want pasta. Cancel the sweet potato, let’s make stir-fry.”
The room went silent, breaths held.
“I— I, uh,” Castiel stammered, turning his eyes on Charlie. “Yes. I believe it’s appropriate to find happy memories when among the people who... care most about you. Yes.” He nodded a few times for good measure.
“Can’t you feel yourself changing as it happens?” Charlie asked.
Castiel just wanted to sit on his bed, draw the privacy curtains around himself, and count the items he still needed to order from his
Castiel let Dean hug him for longer.
They concentrated on their individual potions for perhaps twenty minutes, speaking only when they needed to edge around each other to reach something.
“Alas, I think that was all your fault,” Castiel said, with one crooked eyebrow. “God does not often interfere with baking.”
“It’s about the wizarding education system as a whole,” Dean said. “Yeah, it’s about crappy spelling. But it’s also about the fact wizards
Dean got passionflower petals and orchid stems from separate glass jars in the walk-in store cupboard, and he returned to the long desk at the side of the classroom, carrying them in either hand so the plants’ powers wouldn’t mingle.
“Sure, if you’re into weird, dorky little angels,” Dean said. He smirked down at Castiel. “Which I totally am.”
He smiled to himself when he heard a few snickers. He reached Professor Bradbury’s old desk, and he turned around, taking off his suit jacket. He smiled at the thirty young faces who peered up at him. They were so small and cute! Sam didn’t remember ever being that small and cute. He’d always been tall and average-looking, he was fairly sure.
Though Dean could barely see, he sensed that Castiel was almost certainly blushing.
, they’d called it.
Castiel leapt back in alarm, eyes wide. “Charlie,” he said, his voice extremely loud. “What are you—?”
Sam’s eyes widened. “This whole time?”
Dean reached for himself, fingers stumbling on his belt. He undid it in stages, and the buckle clanked against his thigh as he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. His heart thudded, thoughts rushing in and out of focus like a hurried tide.
Castiel’s attention was still on the room. Slowly, he pulled out his wand, deep in thought.
“Sh-sh—” Dean pressed a finger to his lips. He was bouncing slightly on the mattresses underfoot, too excited to stay still. “I’ll tell you. It’s so amazing, like— Wow. Let me—” Dean paced around, shaking out his energetic hands. When he looked back at Sam, he held his eyes sternly. He licked his lips, ready to speak.
“Cisgendered heterosexual,” Castiel said smugly.
Castiel hadn’t lost the game entirely, but hadn’t won either, which was basically failing. However, he didn’t feel like he’d failed
freakin’ sick of watching you make it over and
In a rush of wholehearted appreciation, Dean grabbed Charlie and hugged her tight, squeezing the breath out of her. “Thank you,” Dean whispered. “Thank you so damn much, Charlie.”
He thought about his statement some more, then offered Castiel a smile. “Not all the time, though,” Dean admitted. “I’d miss it if it wasn’t there, you know?”
Sam sighed. “Give us one good reason why you’re choosing
“I’ll never get used to that,” Dean chuckled. “Sometimes I think M. C. Escher was a wizard. High chance he had a hand in designing his place.”
Castiel saw Professor Moondoor dancing alone in the middle of the floor, her gold dress sleek and pretty, butterfly wings at her back. Castiel felt a pang of sadness, because Charlie wasn’t there to dance with her.
The four of them looked at each other, searching for words. They saw they shared the same expression and they burst out laughing.
“I just said that to get rid of the old man,” Dean smirked, struggling to wink. “Now I can tell you how pretty you are, and he won’t know I think you’re pretty.”
“Yeah?” Dean leaned an elbow on the counter, grinning so widely it hurt, gazing at Castiel all the while.
Dean let out a tiny sigh of pleasure, not because of his own touch, but the sight of Castiel’s hand moving below his underwear. Castiel watched Dean’s face. Dean felt himself being watched and he smiled, but he didn’t look up.
Castiel smiled. “I’m sorry, that was sort of a trick question. First thing to do is listen to the teacher.”
Castiel breathed in quiet moans against Dean’s neck, kissing and nuzzling. His words were slurred and dense with lust, muttering a string of encouragements –
been listening to you? You’re obviously smart, and interesting, and, let’s face it, not exactly hard on the eyes. Is it a confidence thing? ‘Cause you keep apologising, I noticed. Who’re you saying sorry to? It’s not like you did anything wrong.”
“Ugh, too slow,” Castiel said. “Dry fried. Then add olive oil and swish until the onion browns. Salt and pepper. Hmmm,
“Suits me? How?”
♥ And
As great as Dean was at Charms, he kind of felt like it was his greatest achievement, teaching baseball to seventy-five house elves.
The phoenixes’ songs played on.
“No...” Dean shrugged, putting his hands into the pockets of his pants, shuffling his feet. “I just thought I oughta be plain about it. I know you’re... not like that.”
Dean’s smile became wider, rising slowly up one side of his mouth. His eyes moved to meet Castiel’s, and an emotional hunger filled him up, stealing through his chest and making him warm all over. “You like wearing girl clothes too?” he asked, hardly able to believe it.
Castiel took a chocolate without checking what kind it was, which was most unlike him. He ate it, not savouring it at all. “I hab socks wiv Beam,” he said, chewing chocolate in his cheek.
A full seven years later, their fake names were still fresh in Castiel’s mind, as the memory had barely been revisited since that day in August.
“It’s something neurodivergent people – or anyone – can do, to calm themselves,” Gertrude went on, smiling at Dean with bright eyes. “Tapping a wand on a desk. Going through a list of small charms. Autistic Muggles have ways to do the same thing. Finger-wriggling, or clicking, or rocking in place. Stroking a cat. The ways are endless.”
Dean smirked. “Call me a unicorn poopin’ out rainbows, Cas, but I believe in myself.” He caught Castiel’s gaze and held it, shy but sparkling. “And I believe in my brother, and Charlie, and my mom, and all the family you met tonight. They tear through the place like locusts but they’re anything but a plague on my household, y’know? Everything I do, I do for them. Family, man. Bobby’s right. Family don’t end with blood. I love ‘em more than anything.”
Dean shrugged, plucking at his t-shirt. “You weren’t in the common room with Sam, or in the library, or the bathroom. So I checked out here.”
“It’s hot,” Dean said.
Over the summer Sam grew taller and wider, and though his voice had already broken, it became even deeper. Castiel would spend late evenings in the teacher’s common room with Sam, explaining to him what was going on with his body. As specialised as wizarding schools were when it came to learning magic, they weren’t so great at teaching students about puberty, or about sex. Castiel explained everything he could, but the whole time it felt like a farce for him. All he was doing was regurgitating what he’d been told in the Ministry’s sex-ed classes, and it didn’t take Sam long to figure out that Castiel knew next to nothing on the subject.
Castiel looked up again, this time defeated. He knew Dean had already won.
Back on the ground, Dean ate two sticks of cotton candy and knocked over a milk bottle at the ring toss, then had to insist to the staff that he was just on a sugar high, and the hole in the back of their stand was a perfectly reasonable expression of human strength.
“Suffocation charm,” Dean said. “Piece of cake.”
Castiel’s lips parted; he knew the danger of the beer on Dean’s lips but still...
Another hand went up. “Does that mean if I’m bad at Arithmancy I should swap it for Ancient Runes? I’ve wanted to do that all year but my dad said that was taking the easy way out.”
“Okay,” Dean said, nodding slowly. “Okay, I get that. You don’t want things to be so difficult to deal with all the time. But what makes it all so difficult? What makes you think your autistic traits are
Dean smiled at his food, then at Cas. “Like I said, Cas. All in.”
So Castiel watched Dean put away ball after ball, each move eliciting hisses and
Dean flirted with his eyes. He smiled crookedly, showing off for Castiel, and for the audience.
Dean shrugged. “Oh,” he said. “Nothing.”
Dean grinned, stalking back to his desk. He picked up his sandwich, and he took another bite. “Of course, there’s always the other way. The hard way.” He chewed and swallowed, staring at his awful, heartburn-inducing sandwich. “Mistakes were made. Mm-hm.”
Castiel chuckled, nodding. “It would be my pleasure. And— Charlie. It is Charlie, yes?” She nodded. “I saved some treats for all of you. Tell me when you’re ready, I’ll bring them.”
Castiel kissed Dean’s neck, and Dean groaned, pulling himself, stroking himself, knees drifting further and further apart; one leg nearly hooked over Castiel’s, one was hovering over nothing, off the side of the car. Dean’s slacks were bunched up around his ankles, heels of his boots on the rim of the Impala’s hood.
They didn’t have long to enjoy it: Castiel penetrated Dean with the tip of his tongue, wriggling fast to feel the thick, hot walls of his vagina before pulling out. Castiel immediately sealed his lips around Dean’s clit, sucking it into his mouth, tongue lapping at the surrounding area in a last attempt to pleasure Dean before he turned back.
Castiel huffed, eyes drifting to the dark ceiling of his classroom. “I was given away because my parents, whoever they were, had to go into hiding. Combined with the stress of the war, they could no longer cope with my bad behaviour. I’m told young parents often have to deal with their child’s tantrums, but... mine would go on for hours, I’d be hospitalised because I wouldn’t eat, I screamed when it was time for bed – because I hated the sheets, but they didn’t know that at the time... I was a danger to my parents. I could’ve given our position away.”
“Yeah? C’mon, I’m a chef, I don’t steal people’s kitchen stuff. I know how much that pisses me off.”
Dean sat on the bed, watching Castiel plan his lessons. He waited for Castiel to notice him.
“I’m not driving anywhere with you looking like that,” Dean said, following a step behind Castiel, tugging on his rumpled collar to straighten it. “You’re gonna get sand all over the seats.”
“Uriel says I’m the best Chaser they ever had on the team,” Sam said breathlessly, so much life in his eyes. “
“You’re – telling me,” Castiel mumbled, lapping at the fluid. After a whole night of tasting this over and over, he thought he’d have become accustomed to the flavour, but it still stung his senses, much to his interest. It was such a different flavour to semen or pre-ejaculate; this was tangy – and sort of floral. It was different to last night. Dean must’ve taken a shower while Castiel had been asleep.
“You want to be a woman,” Castiel said.
“Right. Well... G’night, I guess,” Dean said, reaching up to touch Castiel’s neck. “See you at breakfast.”
Castiel hummed, nodding at Moosh. “Perhaps we could hold sessions outside on broomsticks.”
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked, while picking out a shiny pair of shoes for himself.
Skink threw the ball. Now Castiel knew how Dean moved, he swung gently and purposefully, and the bat connected with the ball. It wasn’t a firm hit, and it bounced down a short distance away, but Castiel jumped for joy. He jumped twice, rubbing against Dean’s crotch both times. Dean let out a quiet “Auh...”, forced to let go of the bat and quickly readjust his pants before Castiel turned around.
Castiel took Dean and pushed him into his bedroom. Dean scrambled inside, undoing his robe and taking off his boxers, waiting naked for Castiel as he came in with the dropped papers, charmed neatly into a stack again.
“What’s this?” Dean asked.
. Bad cookies. But cookies nonetheless.
, Cas. Be the little engine that could.”
He turned to get into the twin car. It smelled just like the original. It even had sand from the beach in the grooves of the seat.
“Gaaah...” Dean chuckled. “Shit, Cas, I’m so wet right now.”
“Two,” Dean said. “And Skink gets six runs.”
Castiel stared. “You’re— Dean, you were prepared to do that?!”
“Doesn’t it make you sad?” Castiel asked in a breath. “Time passing, lost moments?”
“No—” Gilda tutted. “Look to your left. In the green dress.”
The men shared a similar snort, then looked at each other, and chuckled.
“Cas,” Dean said, glancing down, then back up.
“Behind the hedge.” It was that man again. He pointed. “Privacy.”
“Me and Sam,” Dean went on, pacing the stage slowly, “we didn’t get a good education because nobody cared enough to pay attention. We were just dirty kids. In actual fact, what we learned was this: run away from help. People offering good things usually meant they had something bad in mind.”
Dean shook his head. “Nothin’! Nothing,” he promised. “Just dance. Have some fun.”
Dean chewed on a piece of cooked celery. “You know, that’s kind of terrifying.”
Castiel gulped, and he slowly let the ladle slip from his fingers. “I was so close.”
“Use your eyes, would you? Three o’clock.”
The game was over when everyone but Rinker had had their turn at batting. It was a long game, but it didn’t take nearly as long as it used to take. Before, with seventy-seven or seventy-eight players (that is, when Sam was playing too), the games would be over when everyone got too hot and tired and achy to catch a ball or take a step without falling over. After games like those, Dean slept like a log.
Castiel wet his lips with the tip of his tongue, his eyes magnetising to Dean’s. The blue in Castiel’s eyes was almost completely swallowed up by the darkness of arousal, through his pupils tightened suddenly when one got caught in the sun. Castiel lay partially on top of Dean now, looking down at him.
In front of the door was a broken glass shoe.
Satisfied now, Charlie turned her back and cleared her throat. “I figure the absolute worst baseball game in the history of baseball ought to do.”
“What do you mean,
“Something to say?” Missouri asked, eyebrows up.
It was only when Dean Winchester stepped outside his truck for a moment to pick up a crate of corn that Castiel saw his chance. He fled his own table and leant over the smaller table that divided them, calling, “Please! Can’t you do anything about the smoke?”
Dean looked up at the sound of his name. Before him stood the other student— No longer a student, Dean reminded himself. They were
Dean sat up straighter, alert. Castiel had only spoken of his parents once before, and for them to come up in this particular conversation intrigued Dean.
Dean blinked harder, shifting back in his bed. The Patron helped him sit up, stuffing a pillow behind his back. Dean looked around, squinting at the candlelit hospital wing. There was nobody else in sight. “Where’s Cas?”
night, of all nights, to be a complete and utter party pooper.”
Dean chilled all over, realising what he’d said. “I – I didn’t— I wasn’t—”
Castiel considered the open box and its still-sizzling wedges, then the cakes, which were half the height they’d been an hour ago. Despite longing for another taste of Dean’s cooking, Castiel knew which he wanted
“Actually,” Castiel started. But then he stopped, lips pressed together.
Castiel started to smile. “Well, you look happy.”
Not for the first time, Castiel was faced with a room full of dismayed-looking students. “Um.” He tapped his fingernails on his desk, thinking of the best way to phrase good advice. “Potions,” he said. “It’s an important subject. But if you’re looking at a career in Astronomy, as I know some of you are... You’re better off focusing your attention on what you know you’re good at.”
Mariela Flores Dominguez had this way of making Castiel feel guilty without him knowing exactly how, but she did that thing a lot all of a sudden, and Castiel’s blood ran cold. He flashed Dean a smile, repeating, breathily, “It’s... free.”
Dean huffed through an easy grin. “Naw. It’s.” He took another bite, a proper one this time. “Mm.” He touched fingertips to lips, swiping a crumb. “God, that’s— Actually not bad.” He scrunched the bag some more and nosed into it, eyes half-closed as the world faded from his awareness and he devoted all his attention to Castiel’s baking.
Castiel had a tupperware of cupcakes going uneaten, slowly melting in the heat. With them melted Castiel’s hope, until he felt sludgy and sad.
“Admit it, though: it was accurate,” Gabriel clucked.
And that was their farewell for the night. Dean left the door to the Potions room open, knowing Castiel would head to bed when he’d reorganised the notes lost from his scorched desk.
“Yeah...” Charlie went quiet for a moment. When she peered back at Dean, she wasn’t smiling.
“You don’t have to do this, Dean,” Castiel said. “Just make a sandwich for yourself.”
“Dean! I can’t just—”
“Hey, Professor Winchester,” said one kid.
Dean gasped, head falling back. “Oh... Ah— Ah...” He panted, needing to catching his breath and steady his feet, left hand against the hood of his car, right elbow bumping Castiel’s arm. “Th- There’s this thing Eros does,” Dean breathed. “With his guy friend. He’ll wet his fingers... and he’ll go underneath,” Dean demonstrated with his free hand, sliding it under his scrotum, into the clothy warmth of his rumpled underwear. “And he’ll push inside...”
“No, c’mon, Charlie, I really don’t need to—”
Castiel started to cry.
... He wants to be a girl. He wishes people could see him as female. Not all the time. But just... Just sometimes.”
It had to be a great testament to their love that Castiel immediately understood that as a joke, and laughed so much that he fell against the tree, eyes shining as they crinkled up at the edges.
Dean swallowed. “But what about you? Who’s looking after you?”
Dean quickly wiped up his tears, and he swallowed twice, composing himself.
Castiel licked his lips with the tip of his tongue, barely skimming the red seam. His gaze flicked up, examining Dean’s cheeks, his lips, then meeting his eyes. “I, um... I needed a lot of help. From this magazine; from Charlie. I didn’t know what to do.”
Castiel’s mind drifted to Dean, resting alone in the hospital wing. Castiel imagined sneaking in there, seeing half the candles extinguished for the night. He imagined himself pulling the covers back... sitting on Dean’s bed, stroking his face to wake him.
“Buhh...” Castiel exhaled, turning his head so his nose pressed to Dean’s forehead. “Dean... Mhhhmm...”
Castiel pulled a face at Dean, but Dean just snickered, then promptly snuggled up next to Castiel, kissing his chin, then his throat. Castiel kept an eye out to check nobody saw, but he was sure the amused mutters of students at tables behind them meant they were all getting an eyeful.
“Never,” Dean whispered back. “It’s about memories shared. Precious moments, Cas. Enjoy them, don’t think about when they’ll be gone.”
“Oh!” Castiel cried in delight, watching the ball sail off in an easy curve, flying high above the quarry. “Oh, it’s just like magic.”
The class was quiet for a while.
Zunbyrd’s mascot was a male northern cardinal: a little red bird with a black mask across its face. Like all the house flags at Jinxes, the mascot was contained within a circle. The cardinal spread its blazing wings, a scarlet silhouette across a dark golden sun. It was meant to represent the
He’d brought enough food to share. He’d planned on providing... well, not exactly a
“Hey, Cas.”
many kids signed up for this. God. I dread to think how many of our students have never heard of flashcards for revision.”
“You look amazing, Charlie,” Gilda said.
“Watch it, buster,” Charlie said, steadying Dean’s bowl. “You almost turned me into a mutton platter.”
God in Heaven, he was pretty. He had a bit of dark jaw stubble now, so late at night. Shadowy bags under his eyes. A fine wrinkle of a smile, either side of his pink mouth. There was concentration and satisfaction in the way he kept his eyes on the pan – and then came a twitch of amusement, glancing at Dean, aware he was observing.
He left out his reasons; he didn’t yet want to tell Cas
Charlie got the feeling she knew where this story was headed.
Another hand. “I’m crap at Divination, but I really enjoy the classes—”
everything to me, Dean. If I spend all my time thinking about this potion and its outcome – what’s the point, if someday I wake up and you’re not there to see it?”
Kindly, Castiel explained, “Gluten has no flavour, it’s a protein molecule. Most commonly it’s made from wheat. It’s a binder. Food glue. But a lot of people are allergic to it, and it’s hard for them to find safe food, especially when eating out. Admittedly,” he tipped his head, “without it your dough texture is altered, but that’s easily remedied with the right replacements.” He gestured to his peach pie. “Here I used a chickpea and rice flour base, thickened with arrowroot. It’s flavoured with
Well, that was how they
Dean looked around, and he smiled when he saw Charlie approach from the open doors, where students walked past on their way to their common rooms. It was almost curfew.
,” Dean said, striding down the sunlit corridor with student essays trailing from his hands, flipping through them as he walked. “But I can’t just— Eugk! Look at this!” He shoved a paper into Charlie’s face, tutting. She didn’t get a chance to read it before Dean retracted it and scowled at another one. “At this rate I might start allowing Spell-Checking Quills in my class.”
“Bearable.
’s doing the cleaning.”
Castiel recognised no-one’s face, as everyone wore a mask. Most were highly decorated, with glitter or feathers or enchanted beads, covering the forehead to the nose. Some were magical: animal ears twitched, whiskers floated as the students danced. Fish scales gleamed, tree branches heaved with blossom. With magic powers at the students’ disposal, there were no rules to how fantastic a mask could become.
Dean threw up a hand then returned to peeling his potatoes, spinning the lump fast with a blade opposite his thumbpad, taking off a long, pale coil and letting it drop to the bowl below.
The quarry’s base was not deserted: a handful of Quidditch players were apparently taking their practice now. Charlie was nowhere to be seen, however.
“Don’t,” Dean warned, but it was too late: Sam had already seen whatever was inside.
you guys, I open my home to you, the least y’all could do is offer me a fair opponent. It’s not my fault you suck.”
“You mean like flour? Nah.”
Castiel started undoing his belt. Dean felt a flutter inside him, and for a while he couldn’t look at anything except Castiel’s hands, his fingers on his belt, the zipper of his pants, the black underwear he wore underneath.
“I like making potions,” Castiel said. He smiled; he completely understood why Charlie’s Muggle friend would get attached to one subject. “Aside from Care of Magical Creatures, or Herbology, I don’t like to think about other things. Other things get in the way of Potions.”
“Try these with me.” Charlie showed Mary the cakes Castiel had brought. “You would not
After so long, his announcement felt anticlimactic.
Castiel nodded. “I will.”
“Aut... What?”
be taken at noon. Not by the clock; by the sun.”
Sam’s turtle seemed to smile at Dean, then snuck elegantly up to Sam, swimming around him in a circle. He bowed its head once as it went. Before Dean knew it, the creature was gone.
Every sound echoed through the tower the way it might in a cathedral; even the open side of the tower and the irregular shapes of the walls could not let such magic escape. It all had to stay here, it had to be kept safe.
Dean grinned when Sam’s turtle patronus almost swam straight into the wall. It turned around, waggling its overlarge paddles to help itself scoot through the air.
Dean was quiet for a while. Their hands stayed steady within each other’s grip. They reached the first platform in the bridge, and began another slope down.
Castiel looked, but Gilda grabbed his ear and made him look back at her. She tutted again. “You’re making it obvious. Here, I’ll turn us around— Look over my shoulder. Green dress with the poofy sleeves.”
“‘Sup,” Dean tried, with a chin-lift.
Five seconds later, the door swung open, Charlie leaning on the handle. “Oh, it’s you! Hey. Your table’s gone.”
Dean was already distracted, holding his ass. “I have a bubble butt!”
They went all the way down to Charlie’s Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom, leaving the sunny hallways behind. Defence classrooms were always dark and foreboding. Unlike every other classroom in the school, the décor seemed to reflect the subject rather than the teacher.
Charlie sat listening, so Dean went on, “When Professor Devereaux retired and I took his place, I realised all I had to do was teach Charms different to how he taught it. Give the kids their big explosions – hell yeah. But make learning the theory an explosion too.”
“I’d rather not leave it to chance.”
“Why Sam? I’m already older than Sam.”
. Ugh, no wonder. Bonny, blithe, good, and gay that man may have been, but there had clearly been one ‘fuck’ too many between Dean’s use of ‘Jesus’ and ‘Christ’. According to Dean’s own personal gospel, ‘vegan’ and ‘virgin’ were similar words for good reason.
Jinxes started small. Fifteen students, and none spoke the same language. Together they found new ways to communicate. There was a common tongue to be found, and they found it. Again they chose Latin, and over the years that followed, every spell was recalibrated so there were no longer five ways to make a plate float over the dinner table. In some ways, replacing the original language of a spell was a great loss to magical history, as the words were completely put out of use over time – but Latin was ultimately easier to teach.
Castiel’s eyes darted to the giant clock. Midnight exactly. Time had run out, but the party hadn’t ended.
Dean snorted. “Well she’s gay too, right? Little church gay club?”
Dean frowned at his erection, still playing with it. He wasn’t paying much attention, he realised; he was too self-conscious. “No,” Dean said. “It’s just a thing. Like my arm. It’s just there.”
Sandy— Sammy? Whatever his name was, he nodded eagerly. “Oh, definitely,” the younger boy said, with incredible innocence. “I’m
Castiel shared his dismay, but quickly bolstered his expression into pure determination. “You do the washing, I’ll do the drying. It’ll be done before we know it.”
“Which sentence?”
Castiel slowed to stillness, eyebrows raised.
“But—!”
Dean’s eyebrows rose. He was too stunned to speak.
“Dance?” Castiel repeated.
write, am I?”
“I believed it,” Dean said quietly. “I got my acceptance letter for Jinxes and I knew instantly it was real. It never occurred to me it could be a hoax. This world was just... waiting for me to discover it.”
“Seriously?” With a raise of his eyebrows, Dean realised, “Wait... you’re... actually worried about your cakes. It’s not just – y’know – some personal vegan vendetta against a true and genuine Meat Man?”
Dean clamped his teeth together. He aimed his wand at the fire as it spread to the papers that littered the desk, and with his heart beating in his throat, Dean said, firmly, “Flamma Praefoco.”
Castiel sighed, sliding both hands to his thighs, holding his own hand. “My potion... The secret one.”
to feel comfortable. Willing. He knew the potential was there. He’d never had that feeling with a man before. Or, he realised, anyone else. Even with Mariela he knew he couldn’t relax entirely, because then he made mistakes. Social blunders. Embarrassments.
Castiel shook his head. “No, I shouldn’t. I don’t want to jinx it.”
“Say what? It’s a witch day?”
The Hall was set up how he’d wanted it: the projector screen and chalkboard were arranged on the left, with the windows’ drapes pulled shut behind. On the right, the wooden bleacher stands rose nearly to the ceiling, packed with students. But, as he’d suspected, more than ninety students had shown up.
The black guy leaned right to push the front door open, and the chatter of many voices and the bass-thump of music teased out along with a stripe of gold light. The man said nothing, just blew a ring of smoke.
Castiel met Dean’s curious eyes, and nodded.
“Left ‘em back at the shelter,” the boy said flippantly. He tugged a rag-eared letter out of the pocket of his jeans, and he looked at it, squinting. “Listen, I need a wand. I was told this is the place to go.”
,” escaping his throat.
After so long, that was the clearest answer Dean had gotten from him. And Dean didn’t like it at all.
He met Dean’s startled eyes, desire having overtaken him.
Soon his sun-sparked eyes turned from the water towards the earth, and the tree that shaded them in dappled gold and green. A blackbird chakked from the lowest boughs, fussing about, then it look off with a bluster of wings, grazing Castiel’s cheek with the soft tip of a feather – he darted away, then gasped, realising he’d knocked into Dean’s side, and their bodies were pressed close now.
Like a black bat, speeding down a highway outta Hell.
Charlie grinned back. “Are they the right size?”
Gabriel hummed. “On the subject of lesson plans,” the ghost said cooly, “none of you would even know how to put a lesson plan together if it wasn’t for me.” He floated between Charlie and Dean, chilling them both to shivers. “Don’t you remember your first week as a teacher, Deanie Weenie?” He loomed in Dean’s face, making Dean shrink back in discomfort. “I remember you sweating buckets and throwing things at the wall.”
Dean bumped his fists together once. “Look, I wish I knew everything,” he said, smirking. “But I don’t. Far from it. However, I know a ton about what I’m interested in, and that’s a few things. First... Cars.” He shrugged. “Why would you need that at wizard school? You probably won’t. But engineering goes hand-in-hand with math. I used to hate math! I look at numbers and I still get dizzy. I gotta count on my fingers or I screw up. It’s dead useful though. And I promise you, you’ll do better at Potions when you’re calculating your ingredients right.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Sorry. Do you want me to leave now?”
“You got this, Charlie,” Dean called to her, keeping his voice level. “Show us the best Patronus we’ve ever seen.”
” Castiel steeled himself. He was really determined this time. “
“I’d forgotten how different our two worlds are,” Sam said softly. “Living in the wizarding world is like living in the future and the past at once. We can move objects across the room without leaving our seats, we can dry-shave in the morning without ever cutting ourselves, not to mention a hundred million other things that scientifically ought to be impossible – but our photographs are still in black-and-white, we dress in clothes from a hundred years ago, and there’s a ton of purebloods who’ve never even
Dean had heard those words so many times before, but tonight they cut right through him, making his heart heavy. Dread began to settle in his belly, like a shadowy snow hissing onto coal-black ice.
As they pulled apart, Charlie squinted one eye at Dean. “You kinda smell like jasmine.”
“Three hours. Then you stick around and pick up garbage. And you don’t even get your tupperware back.”
The crowd cheered, hands up, beer bottles glowing in the light. Relief and satisfaction washed through Castiel’s form, chills running up his lower back.
Castiel shut his eyes, and leaned in—
Castiel sighed.
“Cas, what did you
They watched a few dances that way. Charlie and Gilda dropped by, out of breath. They said hi, then danced away in a flurry of butterfly wings. Castiel mentioned that he liked Charlie’s glitzy purple flapper dress, and Dean remarked that the dress had been borrowed from his own closet.
okay fine,” Castiel said. “So long as I get to pick the song.”
Even as the music rumbled underfoot and the chatter in the room shook the air, Castiel remained steady inside, not allowing himself to quake. Mariela would have been proud. He was no longer the furious, door-blasting, stampeding and arrogant youth she’d caught and tamed for his own good. He was calm. Gentle. He could lose a game, these days, and it wasn’t the same as failure. He hadn’t broken
“Professor Moseley won’t let anything happen to you,” Castiel said, touching Dean’s knee. “
Soot everywhere. And I
“So can you get me a wand or not?” the boy said boldly.
,” Dean complained, head back. “Talk about ships in the night. God.” He rubbed his temple with fingertips, then withdrew when his skin prickled from the spice. “It’s like the universe is tryna keep us hungry.”
Castiel closed the door behind them, and with a wave of his wand, the one candle by Baby Batman’s empty cage became a dozen, hovering around the room.
Dean managed a small smile. “What brought you around?”
. My one chance.” Dean held up a firm finger. Then he smiled, and he let it fall. “And we made it.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Have you seriously never seen us play rock-paper-scissors?”
With a huff of relief, Castiel made it to the blinding fabric sign that was draped over a hedgerow, which read ‘
“You’re teasing me,” Castiel said with a dip of his head – but no annoyance, just awareness.
“Wh— Oh! Dean,” Castiel took Dean’s hand and stepped back, bowing low, then straightening. “My lady. Would you do me the honour of sharing this dance with me?”
Dean wiped his nose on Sam’s hoodie, making Sam make disgusted noises. But Dean grinned, batting Sam’s cheek. “It’s just the way you
win.”
Dean looked up. “Hm?”
Less than a minute later, he undid another button. Two buttons, in fact.
He’d find Cas again, surely. Someday. Yeah, maybe their schedules would rarely line up, if they both worked on weekday evenings, and maybe Dean had no idea where Cas lived, and maybe Cas was too polite to drop by Dean’s house unannounced, and maybe he still had phone anxiety so would never call, and
Castiel poured himself some juice with a shaking hand. Moseley said nothing when he spilled some; she cleared the spill with her wand, and screwed the juice cap back on by herself.
Then it went quiet for a while.
The flames immediately tightened up, as if they were squeezing together. They became slimmer and shorter, flickering and tickling at the wood they burned, and then they vanished. They left behind a great black smear across the desk. The radio was destroyed, the outside charred, its core reduced to small metal pieces. Some of Castiel’s parchment still singed, but the glowing red lines ceased to spread any further, and soon disappeared, leaving only a wobbly black line where cinders had eaten at the paper’s edges.
“What?”
“Put your other hand between your legs,” Castiel uttered. “Stroke your fingers into the groove there... It’s sensitive, it’s good to touch—”
They were joined by Castiel as he exited the men’s bathroom, drying his hands on his waistcoat.
“There’s these books I like to read,” Dean started. “The series is called
“Um,” Castiel said.
“Dean,” Sam said, all traces of frustration gone from him. “What is this?”
Dean looked down at himself, shaking his head. “Nothing yet. It’s cold in my stomach...”
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel asked, his eyes innocent and seductive at once.
