But when the door opened and Molly Hooper stood in her oversized yellow jumper and her multicolored, and horribly patterned, trousers, Sherlock couldn’t keep from frowning, a brow arched with inward surprise, before he berated himself for not deducing the proper guest, gate and walking pace having been startlingly obvious.
He swallowed and glanced away, shutting his eyes for a moment before he cleared his throat and reached for his pile of wet clothes beside his feet.
He watched as Sherlock snickered, shaking his head at John’s question, and causing the rugby captain to redden in humorous embarrassment. He blushed and looked down, lifting a hand to rub at the back of his neck. “Oi, don’t judge.”
“Wilkes is getting suspicious,” The boy muttered softly, brown eyes darting around cautiously before fixating on John once more, concerned and distressed.
Oh, he’d show them. He’d make his point. Now that he could, now that he knew he’d be able to reach the eyes of human beings who continuously make his life a living hell, he couldn’t give up the opportunity to shame them, to prove them wrong.
,” He snapped, bearing his teeth in a wickedly, dreadful smirk, “what, you forget to eat or something?”
Sherlock swallowed and turned away, glancing at the exit doors of the cafeteria and considering a swift escape before he faced John once more, stoic in his presence yet still uncertain as he cleared his throat.
, John Watson. The five of them sat chuckling at one another, John twiddling his mobile in his hands, and Sholto arching a brow at the rugby captain’s phone screen.
Mycroft had told him that it was his father's a long time ago, before he had died in a tragic mining accident when Sherlock was just six years old. His older brother also told him that the bumblebee represents personal power. He informed Sherlock that so long as he held the little pendant close to him he would always find a way out of anything; he would always have the power to overcome his fears, his hardships, no matter the circumstances.
“I gained over two hundred subscribers, in a night, Sherlock Holmes,” John announced, grin widening with pride as he leaned further over the lunch table, ignoring curious looks from those still glancing over at the two of them.
That was all John needed before he pressed forward and met Sherlock’s soft, plush lips, parting them instantly with his tongue and letting out a sigh of utter bliss when his own met Sherlock’s, the two dancing across one another, sending sparks of something beautiful up John’s spine and warmth down and past his belly. He felt Sherlock’s hands slowly and shyly lift, pressing themselves against John’s chest for a moment before they bravely gripped at his shoulders, squeezing tight and gripping as though he needed them in order to remain upright. He nipped briefly at Sherlock’s bottom lip, and reveled in the small whine that sounded from the brunette in his arms, one of the dancer’s hands gaining some confidence and moving up to cup John’s cheek for better leverage, fingers warm against John skin in a way that made his soar. He dropped his opposite hand back down so both palms were pressed against the brunette’s hips, and with one slick movement — he was quite the romantic after all — he slipped his hands beneath the hem of Sherlock’s black sweater, finally meeting warm skin, pressing his fingers along the thin form of Sherlock’s stomach, taking in every line and curve and dip that his hands could take note of, drowning happily in the feeling of him, in the sensation of his skin and the way his fingertips moved so swiftly across it, in the way Sherlock was now panting against his lips, having pulled back to catch his breath and, or so John thought, to refocus his attention on the feeling of John’s hands in new territory.
“That true, fag?” He snapped, practically growling as he held Sherlock up, his back tightening with the pull of his jumper, his arm instinctively clutching at Seb’s wrists.
The organ banging against his chest increased in pace so ridiculously, he could practically feel his body jolting with the force of it. With a shaky hand, he ran his fingers through his hair and tried desperately to hold back the thick blush forming along his cheeks, rosy pink and telling, apparently, as John snickered and got to his feet in one solid swoop upwards.
Whenever he was given leave to come home for a few days, she’d stay at Clara’s, more than eager to stay away from the man. On more than one occasion, John would hear Harry mumble to herself about how glad she was that their “old man” was in the military.
He ignored it, let his mind go blank, let his thoughts waste away, let his brain simply sit and ponder, his head whispering tauntingly to him through the black nothingness, informing him of his plans for later that evening — a needle and a conversation with the very compelling figment of his imagination.
John simply couldn’t force away the urge within him to apologize for the entire, obviously awful ordeal Sherlock had experienced earlier — he wanted to say sorry, he
?” Molly squawked in feigned horror, appearing entirely pained with faux misery before she smirked and shook her head, “I’m only being a concerned friend.”
And then Sherlock was being rushed through the main doors of the Hall of Justice, Molly beside him, pushed by Peacekeepers, his entire being moving like a zombie, unaware, too overcome by shock and despair and anger.
It wasn’t often that Sherlock found himself entirely speechless, but somehow John managed to consistently render him so with the simple utterance of a few words, his heart thrown into a throbbing, rapid mess, his face practically burning under the timid gaze of that bloody rugby captain, his throat bobbing as he forced himself to swallow, mouth dry and eyes wide.
Sherlock rolled his eyes then, tossing the pillow aside and scowling at the rugby captain, sitting so very adorable across from him, his hair ruffled in the chaos that had transpired and his frown lines deeper than usual as he frantically tried to put the pieces together, his brain finally catching up with the entirety of what had just gone down moments before.
“Some of them are deadly, John Hamish Watson,” She declared, the seriousness in her features all too disturbing.
John let out a bright laugh, his fingers clenching Sherlock’s tighter as he did, white teeth revealed and shining as the streetlights flashed by, blue eyes alight with mirth. It was quiet a moment, the two of them simply enjoying one another’s company, all soft, hidden smiles, the hum of the car’s radio and the whirring of the engine a comforting presence to Sherlock now.
Tell John? Beautiful, kind John with the warm smile and those ocean eyes and a body Michelangelo would envy? His only friend? The one person who accepted his careless deductions and morbid fascinations? The one person who put up with him simply because he seemingly enjoyed his company, sat with him at lunch, texted him in class, joked with him, did homework with him, smiled at him, comforted him,
Molly snorted and grabbed at a dress John skipped past, yanking it from the metal rack as she smirked at him, "I don't think he necessarily wants
He startled a bit as Greg’s hand slapped down onto his shoulder and squeezed, the boy’s face stretched with enthusiasm and sincerity.
In a moment of pure panic, he ducked inside a janitor’s closet, colliding with a dirty mop before spinning around and silently shutting the door behind him, holding his breath, body shaking with anxiousness.
Unsettled with being on the spot, Sherlock gulped and glanced around nervously before facing John head-on once more, “Coach the
“Come on,” John shouted out, pressing his foot onto the pedal and speeding up a bit so that he was looking back at Sherlock rather than at his sauntering side, “get in.”
Eager to end the staring, the silent deducing, the quick glances and frown replacing John’s kind smile, Sherlock cleared his throat and gazed forwards, not entirely at John but not entirely away from him either, “I think you should leave me alone now.”
John bobbed his head happily and removed himself from the table, stepping to the side and turning towards the exit doors, but not before throwing a short, simple, “It’s a date,” over his shoulder and sending Sherlock’s organs into complete and utter true failure this time as he disappeared into the crowd of Baker’s impatient students.
“Funny that,” John stated, and suddenly his voice was the only thing Sherlock could hear, “Can’t see the moon tonight.”
tangents,” Sebastian Moran sniggered and arched a brow challenging, a smirk now staining his expression with smugness.
, and John let out a cough, eyes widening in both slight annoyance and utter amusement as his sister smirked, seemingly pleased with herself.
And so, he’d been right and properly banned from strolling about anywhere near the property on Sunday’s, exiled from his own home, and he didn’t overly mind; hell, he ought to be thankful toward his uncle — far worse could happen if he managed to find himself in a room alone with Charles Augustus Magnusson. However, it still didn’t change the fact that finding something to do was far more tricky than he’d like. Most Sunday’s he’d sit in the small coffee shop near Baker until it closed, or he’d find a studio to rent out or hijack for the time being, or he’d merely sit in the park, deducing people and smoking cigarettes till he finished the pack and there were no longer any people to deduce.
“What about me?” Sherlock asked, a single brow arched — because why did he matter? Why did anything about him matter? This wasn’t about him, this was about —
James snorted and shook his head, turning to face John as Stamford went about getting more to drink, his expression cheery and amused, though Sherlock felt unnerved by the faint undertone of a sneer that radiated from his broad stance. “I see you’ve met Mike’s new bird.”
going to be an alien in a poncho. He glanced back to see James Sholto staring him down with narrowed eyes, expression unreadable as he stood there, holding tight to John and glaring into oblivion.
When dinner time finally came, the two of them sauntered downstairs, chatting amicably with one another, Sherlock a bit quieter than usual, nervous and shaky, out of his comfort zone. But the second he met the woman standing beside the stove, her bags of shopping dropped beside the fridge, he realized he had nothing to worry about, well and truly.
Bruises didn't exactly help his freakish looks, or diminish the attention he didn't want. At least it was fading. Chewing on his bottom lip, he yanked his backpack up from the bathroom floor and hoisted it back onto his shoulder, only to lean back down again and drag his duffle bag upwards as well.
Sherlock swallowed and looked down shyly at his closed notebook, a red tint blooming across his cheeks and somewhat boosting John’s self-confidence - not to mention how
Sherlock arched a brow and then frowned, reaching into his pocket and handing over the mobile rather uneasily, clearing his throat and shyly refusing to meet John’s eye, “Don’t run away with it.”
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock,” John swallowed and lifted a hand towards Sherlock’s lips, yanking the cigarette from between them and holding it up to the heater, shaking his head in amused frustration, as Sherlock stared at him wide-eyed. “Try drying it off first, genius.”
He thought about John’s hands. He thought about those soft, calloused delicate hands, caring and gentle, eager to fix, to help, to aid, in whatever they could. Light touches, easy caresses, a thumb on his lip, a finger to his battered eyes, the grasping of a concerned hand on his hip. Christ, how he wanted the bloody things elsewhere — everywhere.
Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh and shook his head, scowling harmlessly at John before mumbling, “You’re annoying,” under his breath — a fib of course, but one worth telling just to see the bright beaming expression that overtook John’s warm features.
Throwing the carrot back, Greg continued, “That sod there is Bill Murray, also a rugby star and the very king of ice-cream.”
"Welcome, welcome, welcome," She began merrily, her eyes bright, but not at all comforting, "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favor."
“Look, you really want to know how to stay alive?” He began, fingers intertwined atop the table’s surface, “You get people to
He would take some kind of stand, a musical decision to prove a well-needed point. He would compose something new, something untouchable and untamable.
Sherlock felt his shoulders relax and the muscles in his face loosen, a smile slowly forming across his features. John’s own grin burned even brighter as he glanced away from the road and back at Sherlock, the occasional beam of the streetlights along the highway outside flashing over his complexion, revealing in moments the blush along his cheeks and the ocean hiding in his eyes.
He took them two at a time, nearly stumbling half way up, before he found the door to the basement and yanked it open, stepping out into a quiet, bright corridor, his eyes squinting in protest to the change of lighting, his legs shaking slightly as he pressed on in search of somewhere secluded, silent, away from the faint banging of the bass below him.
“Alright,” John announced as they wandered into his room, the same four walls Sherlock had grown to feel his utmost safest within in only a small amount of time, all navy blue and riddled with tacky posters, the planet pillow atop his made bed reminding Sherlock of its softness, of waking up beside John.
"Ms. Hudson," Sherlock smiled tiredly, humming and standing once more, stepping forward as the woman advanced on him, arms extended fondly as she reached out to pull Sherlock into a hug.
“Right, shut up lads,” John snapped, half amused and half annoyed – or so he appeared to Sherlock – as he glared at his friends, a frown dawning on his features and creasing the soft skin between his brows, “None of you have even given him a listen.”
“Not sure Ms. Montgomery will like that,” John chuckled, smirking a bit and staring at Sherlock as though he wasn’t even surprised by his choice.
“Here’s what I think John,” Lestrade stated genuinely, eyes wide now and brows lifted, “Who’s to say he has to be the one to tell you?”
“Oh?” Sherlock lifted a brow and cleared his throat, glancing carefully over as the boy next to him began typing out a quick message.
,” A deep, cold voice rumbled from behind the tree he sat pressed against, and his skin fell frigid, his veins tightening, his heart thumping rapidly at the sound, a cruel tone he knew all too well.
“We best be off,” Sebastian beamed darkly at John before flicking his head and gesturing Sholto and the others onwards. The four of them walked on, but before disappearing around the corner of the locker-room building, Wilkes turned once more and leered directly at John, teeth bared, lips quirked in pure contentment. John thought he looked like a colder version of the Cheshire Cat.
. No, not John’s video with his numerous subscribers who were all very vocally unafraid of voicing their opinions; not John’s video where all of his friends, everyone at Baker, the entirety of the world, if they so pleased, could see him; where he would stay, permanently,
? Why hadn’t he been sitting right there, beside Him; why hadn’t they been chatting about a case or Anderson’s stupidity, why hadn’t Sherlock been there?
As if having read his mind, Molly placed a soft hand on his shoulder and lifted a mischievous brow in curious question, “How was hanging out with Sherlock Holmes?”
Now he was waking up in a strange room, in a far-too-large bed, disorientated and uncomfortable, without the soft feeling of Redbeard’s fur between his fingers. And, unlike in District Twelve, this morning wasn’t quiet.
John sighed playfully, “I was gonna be an alien. Molly picked out a really good outfit for me, told me it brought out my eyes, all this shit, and then expected me to slip on a poncho over it after dinner.”
He ignored the drink extended to him and swallowed, turning away from the three of them standing there, staring with narrowed eyes at his panicked expression, and, with the only excuse he could think of, he glanced at John, mumbled a short, “Bathroom,” and took off in the direction of the stairs, leaving a confused trio behind him.
"Um," he began, grunting to clear the awkward bubble in his throat, and biting his lip a little nervously, "Look, I just wanted to say thanks, you know? For the compliment. Yesterday." He smiled wearily at Sherlock's downturned head and then watched, oddly fascinated, as it lifted in curiosity, those icy blue - silver, green, gold? - eyes dropping onto John's own and widening slightly.
Sherlock frowned at the words, swallowing the knot forming once again in his throat, before he looked away from the group, feeling somewhat ashamed to be part of a conversation he was nowhere near able to relate to — of course, he’d always
“You’re supposed to heat it up, genius,” She teased carefully, patting him on the shoulder with a delicate hand before turning to the microwave, grabbing the handle and pulling — only to freeze, blink, and turn back to him with furrowed brows. “Do I
“You like him, don’t you?” Greg said, a little more quietly, curiosity and sincerity laced within the sound, a voice that fell soft at the end, harmless and careful, “I mean like
a nickname,” Sholto grinned cheekily and Sebastian punched him in the arm with a sharp roll of his eyes. The group continued to snicker under their breaths, until James lifted a hand and placed in on John’s shoulder, smirking wide and bright, his eyes darting to Sherlock for a split second before fixating back on the rugby captain, sending the dancer’s heart frantic and mind erratic. He felt increasingly out of place, at this loud, ordinary party, around alcohol and dancing and sex, crowds of kids his own age swarming a small, neon lit basement.
“What’d he deduce, you know,” Greg scoffed, turning to the others of whom were also leaned forward attentively, “about you?”
Half delirious from lack of sleep, he stumbled out of his mundane, white bed sheets, groaning to himself and running a hand through his hair as he reached for the door handle, yanking the slab open to reveal Uncle Siger, looking irritated and wholly sleep deprived.
Sherlock Holmes was like the mystery novels John’s mother read to him as a kid — jam-packed with hidden romance and nervous interactions and action that served to take your mind through a loop of perplexity and obscurity. John was entirely prepared to purchase such a book.
“Uh,” John pursed his lips and looked to Molly for help, watching as she rolled her eyes and pointed at a stanza in the play, indicating their stopping point he’d ever so
“You continue to prove the ever-lasting existence of chivalry, Mr. Watson,” Sherlock smiled shyly, shaking his head in utter fondness for the boy, of whom even reddened slightly, his grip on the door tightening and his smile widening.
It was a half-hearted attempt to redirect his friend’s attention, to act entirely oblivious, to act as though what Mike had just seen shouldn’t pose any questions — because, frankly, it
She lifted her hand over the dome on Sherlock's right, and smiled casually, "As usual, ladies first."
Greg nodded his head and glanced at the group of them, smirking and shrugging his shoulders in his own disbelief, his story so very ridiculous even he had trouble believing it.
“Oi,” James pleaded, tone of voice annoyingly whiny, “I’m serious, mate. Just because you and Wilkes have some shit going on, don’t mean I’m gonna just drop you.”
Greg? His sexuality wasn’t even part of the question; he said it as though Sherlock was going to spring round and start groping his arse — honestly, he wasn’t sure he’d even mind all that much. So what did that say about
“I’m hardly as talented as you,” John grinned, giggling over the music, “but I know a thing or two.”
It was all so different — his body felt different, his brain yelled different things, his eyes saw different details. John Watson didn’t quite know who
John carefully took the phone with a bob of his head and a smile and quickly started it up, following through with his ingenious plan, before handing the cell back and grinning openly, grabbing for his backpack and getting to his feet, leaving his tray but grabbing his half-eaten apple.
Sholto shot him a short, playful glare before placing his phone on the table, directly in view of the others as he scrolled through the one and only
John nodded and propped himself up on his elbow, “You’ve got a bloody kaleidoscope behind your eyes.”
It was from Greg, and John resisted the urge to turn around in his seat and fix the boy with a confused glare. Instead, he frowned and typed out a response, keeping things as simple as physically possible.
really — until he noticed several bruises lining the pale shade of his wrist, the sleeve of his jumper sliding down just slightly with the lift of his arm.
Sherlock nodded to show his interest, eyes narrowed as John spoke, mind focused on nothing but the short, dirty-blonde rugby captain sitting across from him.
“So, he proceeds to tell me that England doesn't have a kidney bank,” Greg spat out, eyes wide as he told his story, hands lifting and falling animatedly, “but it does have a Liverpool!”
murder me if she ever finds out I knew and didn’t tell her,” John added, leaning back and poking at a strange meaty substance atop his tray with the end of a plastic fork, shrugging his shoulders and trying with a lack of serious effort not to smile, “so if you’re willing to be a person of interest in a murder case, fine by me.”
“Thank you,” John stated, bobbing his head in a grateful gesture, to which Greg Lestrade duplicated before spinning dramatically and making his way out of the dining hall.
“Coming to my game,” John answered, tone soft, careful, cautious, “You’ll never understand how much it meant to me. I know it’s not really your thing.”
whenever he found himself away from the boy; he was beginning to hurt, to wince at the thought of losing a moment with him, and that was making it
His uncle laughed, the sound bellowing out around the two of them, loud and terrifying, nightmarish to Sherlock’s ears as his uncle only held on tighter, and, with one pull, brought Sherlock up and into his face, where he could properly witness his glare, the stench of his putrid breath — cigarettes and heavy liquor — and the pure hatred in his dull eyes.
“Oh, she is,” Sherlock shrugged, “They’ve been having haphazard shags in the supply closets. Out of sight, clearly.”
“So I’m told,” The rugby captain winked, and Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, loud to his own ears, but silent to the rest of the group sitting amongst him.
“Hey,” The voice says, warmly, and Sherlock can see that small smile on his face without even needing to turn around. He hurries to remove his keys from his jacket pocket, his fingers trembling, both from the cold, and that stupid blonde rugby captain standing beside his car, only a few feet behind him.
, Sherlock Holmes, on the lips, or anywhere to be frank. The reality of it was that Sherlock was out of his depth, up a creek of untamed feelings without any sense of direction nor a functioning paddle. He was clueless to emotions, to sentiment, to what it meant to feel one way and not the other, and his heart was beginning to throb with the ache of it all. It was getting too hard to keep in, these stupid, pitiful thoughts, ideas,
. So why wasn’t he doing anything? Why wasn’t he moving? Why wasn’t he fighting this? Why wasn’t he fighting it
He heard the boy huffed before his cold fingers brushed against John’s, taking back his smoke and holding it as instructed, all whilst unaware of John’s sharp intake of breath and quick turn away, his hands returning to the steering wheel, gripping so tight his knuckles went to white.
Ms. Montgomery cleared her throat and frowned at him, uncaring towards his, what she believed to be, rebellious snark, “And what, pray tell John, do you find so funny about Shakespeare’s famous
Sherlock couldn’t help the breathless chuckle that escaped his lips, relief mixed with utter awe juggling loose a sharp, amused exhale.
His blood ran cold the second he opened his eyes, the cold color of his irises gazing out at the many faces watching his every move. As though in a trance, his body moved forwards, his too-big, button-up flannel swaying just slightly in the warm breeze, as he made his way toward the stage, every single step he took simply forgotten to his mind, to his emotions. He hiked the stairs one by one, brow furrowed, eyes narrowed, nostrils flaring as he gnawed on his bottom lip, some kind of nervous tick he'd suddenly just developed. Soon, he was face to face with the small pink lady who put a gentle hand on his shoulder, guiding him into place on the stage, and turning him so that he could gaze out at the crowd before him.
He flew to his feet and fixed Sebastian with the darkest, meanest, most hateful glare he could possibly muster before nodding and shoving Wilkes lightly to the side as he readjusted himself and brushed the dirt and grass from his kit. If he spent most of that practice “
He watched as the corner of Greg’s lips lifted in an amused smile before the silver haired boy inhaled deeply and raised his dark eyes to meet John’s. He nodded his head and dropped his tight grip on John’s arm, the two turning to walk once more towards the pitch. It was silent for the several steps they did take, but eventually Greg was clearing his throat and nervously glancing his way, a question on his lips as they drew nearer and nearer to their intended destination.
John had froze, lifted his head, and stared directly at Sherlock, where he stood beside the window, “So, you’re saying, don’t feel in the first place and you won’t have anything to worry about, yeah?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes before closing them, staring into the red swirl of darkness, his lashes fluttering against his cheeks, “It’s not like anyone would have even come in anyway.”
John blinked, frowned and then instantly felt as his jaw dropped in awe. Christ, his sister loved that stuff, especially their signature popcorn butter and caramel supreme — they were known for their insanely ridiculous flavors, and were quite popular over the entirety of the United Kingdom; even more so in the United States, Americans crazy for odd mixtures and bizarre combinations.
“Good boy,” John stated, nodding his head proudly and taking pleasure in the bright pink shade that found its way up Sherlock’s cheeks, even beneath the droplets of rainwater that had begun sliding from his hair down and over the entirety of his face. The rugby captain reached forward to flick on the heating, even harder and warmer than before, and smiled softly as Sherlock brought his hands up to the air vent, eyes fluttering shut as he reveled in returning the proper warmth to his fingers.
He wasn't sure what to say. If he were to say something now, it would be sentimental. And he couldn't be sentimental. He couldn't. Not when he was about to start preparing for the reaping. He couldn't give in to sentiment now, of all times.
He sighed and rounded the corner of the corridor, taking in the sight of a fully-decked dining table, covered in silver plates and utensils, breads and jams, fruits and pastries, and, of course, Haymitch and Molly, the two chatting amongst themselves while munching on their breakfast – well, Molly was ravaging it rather than savoring it. He slowly made his way forwards, passing Effie of whom sat on the couch near the table, her hair still alarmingly pink, just like her outfit. She was smiling at him, brightly, genuinely happy to see him for some odd reason. He merely glared back and approached the table, eyeing a couple of the cakes. He wasn’t pleased to admit he was desperately hungry. He hadn’t eaten for at least two days – he’d been watching his food intake, on his mother’s behalf, unwilling to allow her to worry and fret over their rather large lack in proper rations.
Sherlock blinked and noticeably swallowed, glancing away for a moment as if to think before turning back to John once more, “Chores, homework, other such
Molly blinked, hummed thoughtfully to herself, removed her arm, and ran both hands up her head to fix her chestnut ponytail before turning back to John with a somewhat disheartened expression, “That’s unfortunate then.”
“How that lipstick stayed on, I’ll never know,” John chuckled, thinking back to how reverently Sherlock was digging into his pasta.
It had started with the phone call, and then, after what felt like years, a door was opening, arms were around his, lifting him, lying him down, manhandling him at the utmost extreme. He was Sherlock Holmes — he didn’t let himself be
He deletes his website, doesn’t answer the door to anyone, and tosses the leftover cold case files from Lestrade’s weekly visits into the kitchen’s silverware drawer. He spends each and every moment of his time sitting in his black chair, cradling his violin, and thinking about how real John looked, sitting atop the cold surface of his bathroom counter.
He could leave. And he'd probably make it too. He could run. He could run and run and run and run and take his bow and arrows with him, and hunt things to survive, and be on his own, away from tedious people and the horrors of sentiment and emotion and the ever-present constant worry that one day – one day – he, or someone he knew, would be reaped.
When he looked up and led his complex mind away from his foolish thoughts, he caught Molly watching him, her eyes weary and cautious, as though she knew just what he was thinking and why he was thinking it. He instantly looked away, dropping his sights back down to the food still sitting utterly motionless on his plate. Of course it was, though. It was food. It wasn’t like it would crawl away from him and leap out the window.
“Imagine the headlines. The great Sherlock Holmes beat, drowns in own bath,” John scoffed from beside him.
“I also collect vinyls,” John added with a smirk, and watched as the others blinked, arched a few brows, and then instantly grinned. It was something John felt necessary to express when it came to telling people who he was, what he did, what he liked. Music was everything to him; sitting those black discs where they belonged and listening to the melodies that sang out from the touch of a simple, single needle sent him reeling, heart and mind never more alive.
? His legs felt like weights, his arms spaghetti; his fingers were trembling, his body shuddering, shaking, shivering — everything was off. Nothing was right, everything was wrong, false, incorrect, amiss, awry,
Just as he reached the top button, he felt Victor slide up behind him, those forceful, strong hands gripping tight, bruising, and he fell entirely still, body tense.
Greg lifted a finger at him in agreement, and snatched up his milk carton for a sip, “Bent as a nine-bob note, if you ask me. The lot of them.”
And then he stopped running, fell to his knees and shook his head, disappointed in himself, angry at his stubborn mind, at his thoughts, at his bloody emotions. He didn't want to care, he didn't want to worry, and he didn't want to think. And Sherlock Holmes loved to loved to think about the science behind things, he loved to think about what he observed, what he saw in the people mindlessly roaming his district. He loved to think.
was burning, someone had lit a bonfire beneath his skin and now the flames were licking at their bodily prison, eager to burst straight through, eager to destroy their host, eager to put an end to this - to
He knew it was her before he even turned around to witness her lithe figure approaching the stage at high speed, her expression twisted in agony, her voice desperate to be heard. Sentiment, he told himself as he gazed in disbelief, watching her take her sister's place, all while her younger sibling screamed her name as she was dragged off by Peacekeeper's of whom were most likely taking her to her mother somewhere in the crowd.
"Now, the time has come for us to select one courageous young man and woman," She paused, glancing at the entirety of the crowd, "for the honor of representing District 12 for the 74th annual Hunger Games."
“What day then?” John asked, arching a brow and smiling softly, though still cautious in just how much he let Moran’s and Sholto’s previous actions slide.
it, Greg,” John scoffed and shook his head, turning and moving to walk away once more, but Greg yanked him back again — but this time he didn’t look worried or frustrated or angry. No, Greg looked
“People don’t like me,” Sherlock stated, uncaring as to how it sounded; whether it came out bitterly, sadly, angrily – he didn’t care. It was the truth – it was fact.
Dropping his eyes and clearing his throat weakly, John pulled back, crumpling up the tissue and tossing it in one of the cupholders, before turning to Sherlock, eyes far more serious, compelling and encouraging as he gazed at the bruised boy before him.
Sherlock shook his head, exasperated with himself and turned to the mirrors, staring at his wet curls and sharp expression. John would never go for someone like him anyway. Too exotic. Too unusual. Too freakish. He sighed and reached into his bag for his change of clothes, yanking out his plain, black sweatpants and baggy white v-neck. He was only going home. No need to dress for any occasions.
John chuckled breathlessly at the term because good god, he did have fans didn't he? Actual fans who actually loved and followed and supported him.
He hated Siger Holmes. He hated him with a burning passion and yet he found himself nodding to his commands, affirming his orders. The punishment would be far worse if he didn't anyways.
He heard the rage-filled intake of breath, before a foot kicked hard at the door, a snarl sliding from his uncle’s lips, “Don’t you dare mouth off to me, boy.”
Sherlock observed curiously as he seemingly glanced at his comments, likes, and new subscribers, before smirking and stepping away from the monitor, turning back to Sherlock, still sat atop his bed.
channel. John watched nervously, biting the inside of his cheek as all his friends practically piled over James and his mobile, eyes narrowed and brows furrowed curiously. It was quiet for a few moments before Sholto spoke up once more, scoffing rather loudly and glancing over at John with a sharp, leering smirk.
Before John could even attempt to respond, Sherlock’s low toned voice had already continued, soft syllables formed with a sleepy tongue.
But he continued to express to her that the sooner he got his new video done - his new scheme, his new sound, his new design - the better, and she had reluctantly delivered him a stamp of approval for the use of her dance studio.
“What is there to be concerned about?” John snorted, stopping in his tracks and turning to face her with narrowed eyes, brows creasing his skin as he gazed her way in confusion.
“Anyway,” his uncle started up again, uncaring as to what Sherlock had to say in response, lifting a hand and running it through his greasy mess of hair, its unkemptness matching the rest of his figure - clothes unwashed for what looked like several days, button down shirt smelling strongly of cigarettes and booze, “don’t come home after school, yeah? Go to the park, or have a fake homework session with your fake
He looked away anxiously, watching as John turned back to face him, lips curved downward in concern, eyes sad, and
It was because of how relaxing, how satisfying it was to sit there and listen to John laugh at what they’d recorded, to watch him smile when he edited something perfectly, to hear him hum to himself arbitrarily, that Sherlock ended up curled atop John’s blankets and pillows on the bed, shutting his eyes, sleep deprivation and the knowing tell of John’s presence lulling him into a slumber deeper than ever before.
“Take him and cut him out in little stars,” John whispered, hands moving along Sherlock’s back, up his spine towards his shoulders, palms running against each curve, each muscle, each bone, nimble fingers caressing in further detail, intricacy lined with grace and gentle intent, before those same, soft hands moved up to gently cup the sharp form of Sherlock’s jaw, “and he will make the face of heaven so fine, that all the world will be in love with the night.”
The rugby captain rested his back against the wall next to him and let out a chuckle, shaking his head as his eyed landed on Irene practically owning the dance floor, her hands on some girl’s hips, a dangerous grin on her red lips. “She took good care of you, I see,” John rolled his eyes and bumped Sherlock with his shoulder, “Silly of me to trust
John arched a brow and smiled softly, gesturing with his head at the state of him, the dancer trembling just slightly where he leaned against the counter baring the sink directly across from John, before looking down at himself, the garments he was clad in just as soaked through, clinging to him like glue.
Sherlock swallowed and glanced around the shop in pure discomfort. Had he done something wrong? Had he upset John? Course, of
John turned, eyes leaving the ceiling and fixing again, instead, on Sherlock’s own, something hopeful hidden in the depths of blue, gentle and curious, staring back at Sherlock as though he’d said something precious, something so terribly important, and the warmth hovered between them for a moment, a statement unsaid. John quirked a small smile, turning on his side and mirroring Sherlock’s position, tucking his hands beneath his head and gazing pleasantly his way.
He hated it all. And he kept repeating that little fact to himself while Molly glanced at him on occasion, studying him carefully, worry in her eyes as Effie stood up and declared she was off to find their mentor. It was silent in the rather overtly large train car, and Sherlock gazed out the window, glaring at the trees and shrubs and land as it whooshed by like lightning on a stormy night.
John let out a soft puff of laughter before gesturing with a shake of his head and beginning to move back in the direction of his class, gazing brightly at Sherlock, his eyes dancing over his slender form before setting his sights on Sherlock’s own.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat, swallowing the knot of nerves forming deep in his gut, his stomach rolling in ever-present anxiety, his mind swelling with thoughts of John telling the world, spreading his supposed secret to all of Baker, the taunts in the hallway far worse than ever before —
“Three minutes,” was uttered by one of the Peacekeepers, and when Sherlock glanced upwards toward the entrance, he saw his brother standing by the door, face blank and brows furrowed, still dressed in his classy, mandatory clothing as though prepared and ready for another reaping.
John turned onto his back, humming thoughtfully, and lifted his arms to rest beneath his head, joining Sherlock in gazing blankly upwards.
“Having fun?” She turned to him as both of their dates were finally out of view, and he swallowed at the look on her face — so happy, overly happy, how was one person so entirely, wholly, overwhelmingly
John knew about the majority of his friends, though sometimes he didn't enjoy calling them that. He knew that they were rude, and arrogant, and untrustworthy. He also knew that they were judgmental, and close-minded, and, he did in fact know, that they were bullies. The worst kind, verbal and physical; the kind you see on television that practically keeps you from wanting to attend secondary school. And he’d known for a while that Sherlock, mysteriously calm and collected Sherlock, was one of their victims. Hell, honestly he seemed to be everyone’s victim. And as much as John hated it, he didn't exactly know how to stop it.
The door to the small room they stood in flew open and the white, familiar figure, poked his head inside, moving to face them, “Time.”
: Hello! So, you and Bee are both incredible and I’d love to see a collab from you both, regardless of the whole beeface thing. But, you know, #beeface because I can’t help it honestly. :)
“It can be,” John finally met his eyes, “but he rings round every once in a while. Mostly on weekends.”
— and strolled over to the side of his bed, plopping himself down against the mattress, the springs creaking for a moment before thoroughly silencing. And
“As I’ll ever be,” He chuckled and slammed his locker shut, sauntering slowly over to where Greg stood and clapping him lightly on the shoulder, sporting an encouraging grin and watching as his friend turned, heading through the doors of the locker-room and exiting out to where the rest of their team was gathered, awaiting captain’s orders.
When John got home that Monday evening, freshly showered, muscles aching, body exasperated beyond belief, he went straight to his room, all navy walls and posters upon posters of his favorite TV shows and movies, and fell onto his small, single bed, staring up at the ceiling blankly and letting out a frustrated sigh. He slipped a hand into his back pocket and yanked out his phone from beneath him, quickly opening up his YouTube subscriptions and sliding the circular images over until he found the one he wanted: the single image of a bee, all scientific and tauntingly anonymous.
” Molly’s voice jolted him back to reality, and he instantly felt his cheeks reddening at her words.
Sherlock nodded once, swallowed, looked away and then turned around, striding off with the long length of his spindly legs and heading around the corner of the locker room and towards the showers.
John smiled and leaned back, scoffing in amusement before glancing up at the dwindling number of students populating the hall. Nearly eight meant dinner time was near finishing, and it seemed the only real people left were groups of amused friends, too busy chatting or wagging off to notice the time. He purses his lips to hide his fond smile, thinking of how he’d expected to sit, eat and head out as early as he possibly could, the daunting realization that he’d be all on his own far too overwhelming — but, obviously, that hadn’t been the case.
“Yeah, alright — shut up,” Greg spat, before turning back to Carl and John, “his special talent, or whatever.”
He watched as the boy dropped his head, looking away, most likely to hide pink cheeks, his fingers fumbling aimlessly with one hanging strap of his backpack — John thought he was the only person he knew who could go from overconfident to entirely insecure in a span of two minutes.
John leaned back in his seat, exhaling swiftly and shutting his eyes from a moment before feeling the small, routine buzz of his phone and glancing down at the screen, using his copy of the play as a shield yet again.
“John?” Sherlock uttered, head tilted in confusion, mind whirling because why was John here, why was he in his house, why was he grinning at him like that?
, perhaps it’s his mother’s, but he’s clearly in his seventies, and,” Sherlock inhaled and lifted his arm to point discretely forwards, “if you watch his hands, he has a habit of running a single finger over where his ring should be. So, recently widowed then.”
?” He uttered, blinking towards the ground before lifting his head and facing the boy once more, a similar, heated anger in his gaze as he braced himself for the worst. He felt the eyes of surrounding students turn his way, until it seemed as though the entirety of the corridor had fixed its attention on his lanky form and Wilkes’ devilish sneer.
In an instant, John sprung to his feet and took off, calling over his shoulder a quick, “I’ll be right back,” before jogging agilely towards the building.
The rugby captain sprinted up to his right and walked alongside him, following his tall figure through the chain-link gate and onto the black gravel of the parking lot, Sherlock’s long strides forward silent where as John’s rugby shoes clicked along the ground.
“I did,” Sherlock leered playfully, “The guests started raving about how abstract the pieces were that year, but it was just because I switched things like, ‘
him? He supposed it explained why he’d come crashing into the ballet studio the other day — any sooner and Sherlock would’ve been utterly and unexpectedly outed. It had been too close a call. And,
,” Sherlock snarled, whirling to face her, eyes burning with the threat of tears, lips curling back in rage, cigarette forgotten between his two shaking fingers.
Harriet turned to him, her jaw hanging open in mock outrage, “John Watson, I hope you burn your tongue on that tea.”
He met Wilkes’ eyes and the two of them held one another’s gaze, unblinking, unmoving, unflinching — Sebastian was the first to look away, and John considered it an even greater victory than that of their rugby match.
too.” With that, he pushed himself forward and turned his back to Sholto, keeping his sights trained on the thin figure by the drink table, letting the boy’s curious, wide-eyed expression calm his aching nerves, calm the side of him that wanted to punish all the arseholes that ever dared to insult Sherlock Holmes, the soft, gentle dancer who only aimed to be a little less lonely.
Sherlock lifted himself up, balancing on his forearms and opening his eyes to stare curiously at the boy next to him, heart beating rapidly, “She does?”
Every head turned to look at the boy across the large room, of whom was now gliding through the dining hall at a rapid pace, clearly finished with his meal and eager to leave.
John desperately told himself not to gape at the boy. He hadn’t known the complexity of his situation, his heart clenching with regret for Sherlock, so very alone in a world that hadn’t been kind to him. John internally shook his head — Sherlock wouldn’t be on his own; not anymore, not whilst John lived and breathed.
“Shall we?” The boy with the ocean eyes asked kindly, his expression warm and gentle, as always, as he lifted a hand and gestured to his beat up antique of a car. Sherlock nodded and followed the boy, locking the house up behind him before turning back and watching as John opened the passenger door for him.
“I’m such an idiot,” John giggled, high pitched and slightly hysterical as he followed Sherlock back into his room, where the lanky brunette was stuffing his drenched clothes carelessly into his backpack.
“What d’you say then?” Irene asked with a sigh and a roll of her eyes at the silence that pressed on between the four of them.
” John teased before slipping out from under the duvet and sauntering slowly over to his computer, jiggling the mouse atop his desk and waiting intently as it rebooted before logging in, clicking a few things, and bringing up his YouTube channel.
“Can I?” He responded in that deep baritone, the words rumbling through the dull air of the quiet car, as they cruised through the busy city, the morning rush clearly not yet finished, crowds flowing left and right, crossing the road, disappearing into shops, and cars.
John glanced up for only a moment, taking his the sour-faced boy, before he stared down at his lonely grilled cheese and oddly shaped apple, trying his best to ignore the disgusting mouth of someone he unfortunately was forced to share his space with.
John instantly pulled him closer with two hands on Sherlock’s hips, frowning at the boy in his arms curiously, and letting his thumb rub circles against the skin of Sherlock’s waist, “What is it?”
And with that, he shoved his phone away and ignored any further vibrations, listening instead to the teacher and quietly observing Sherlock in his peripheral vision.
But he did none of those things. He merely stood, still, frozen, expression blank and features dormant, a numbness beginning to set in that he couldn't explain with words if he was bloody well forced to.
He was right on the edge, head lolling to the side, swimming in a bit more than his usual dose but the perfect amount to wash away the grief that pulled at his features, at his heart, at his very soul. One half of his brain was floating away, allowing each and every ache to flow downstream for a little while, whilst the other side mocked and jabbed a finger at him, giggling, high-pitched and nauseating —
Sherlock put down his fork and placed his hands in his lap, as if thinking over the question, pondering the proper answer to give John, and then turning back to him, seemingly building up the courage to speak.
But the warmth of a wet tongue on his eyebrow, licking at his wounds, spurring him back into reality, caused him to let out a relieved sigh. And when he looked over and saw that red-faced and floppy-eared mess gazing down at him, he knew he would be all right. He knew he had found his best friend, his protector, his defender.
His heart felt lighter, as he laid there, tucked beneath his covers, not at all sleepy but far too desperate to hide from the world — he felt as though the boulder he’d been carrying on his back had been removed by John’s strong arms, a weight lifting, a secret he kept so very dear only his meddlesome brother knew about it. And John had taken that very secret with an endearing smile and a promise to keep it.
He observed as John frowned down at the ground, blinking rapidly to himself once more, before his entire expression lit up and he whirled around, mouth flying open in curious joy, body and stance wide and erratic, “Am I the only one that knows?”
James glanced over at him momentarily before fixing his eyes back on Sherlock, expression now entirely indecipherable, his body resting against the table they’d only just been playing happily atop, hands gripping tight to its rim, knuckles white.
“No! No,” Sherlock turned, eyes wide with concern, head shaking and curls bouncing as he lifted his hands a bit shakily, eager to assure John that he was wrong, that he was spouting nonsense — much to John’s instant relief.
if you’re into him or anything, yeah? Or if you’re, you know. If you like guys, or whatever. I couldn’t care less,” He cleared his throat far too loudly, and John quirked a small smile of amusement and admiration, which thankfully went unnoticed.
, had uploaded recently; yesterday in fact, the night after John’s own video hit the web, successfully as well.
John let out one hearty laugh before smiling widely at Sherlock and shrugging the shoulder his school bag hung from, "Yeah, I guess so, huh?"
Sighing deeply, he turned to Molly Hooper, that small girl he'd known for three good years, and uttered, "Forty two." He watched her expression fall in anguish, her eyes revealing her heartbreak, her mind most likely taunting her with an image of his face in the sky and a canon sounding in the distance. He scoffed, turning away from her, unable to tolerate the sadness in the downward curve of her lips, the pitiful regret in her gaze. Sentiment, he thought irritably.
Sherlock swallowed, blinking down at the phone still in his hands, the students around him gathering up their belongings and heading towards their next classes, his heart beating far too rapidly against the confines of his ribcage. What had just happened?
John nodded and stared blankly down at his hands, fingers messing blindly with the fringe of his hooded, rugby sweatshirt, "The one and only."
“I’d prefer you didn’t go through my things,” The deep baritone growled out, and John swallowed the knot in his throat, his mind whirling with revelation and apology.
“See?” John hummed, interrupting his frazzled thoughts, his voice an instant anchor to Sherlock’s rampant mind, “Not so bad.”
Cheeks pink, Sherlock glanced at his wrist to see John’s fingers gone, and, though he loathed to admit it, he felt his heart sink just slightly within the confines of his aching chest.
He heard that warm voice once more, and his heart swooped upwards, reviving itself, thumping hysterically against its bodily prison. Turning slowly, faced void of all emotion that may give himself away, he faced John, of whom simply waved, beaming brightly at him and calling out, “Have a good weekend, yeah?”
Sherlock was sat in his black chair, the leather creaking beneath him far louder than he remembered; every fidget, every movement, every tremble, shiver, and shake setting it off as though it were some mental alarm, itching at the back of Sherlock’s skull, finding another way to irritate him, to annoy. He gripped the violin in his arms tighter and blankly plucked at the E string, hardly managing to face his brother head on, eyes frantically dashing about the entirety of 221B in an attempt to help him forget, help him focus on something else,
The brunette laid back against his pillows and stared into the darkness around him, grinning pathetically to himself, a ridiculously happy feeling settling deep in his gut; he moved his thumbs to the screen once more.
Sebastian Wilkes sniggered, grin wide and villainous as it twisted his features, his eyes dark and his expression darker, his hand gripping the collar of Sherlock’s shirt once more and shoving him back against the lockers again, the slam and clanging of metal echoing through the empty hall.
He knew the dancer lived in the same general area of the UK as John did, which came as quite a delight, but merely served to boost John's further curiosity. He wasn't at the point of checking every ballet studio across central London yet, but he was close - and for that, he reprimanded himself. The boy must have chosen to go into the world of YouTube anonymously and John should respect that.
Sherlock watched with an amused smile as John placed a small frying pan atop the stove, his eyes narrowing as he pressed a few of its arbitrary buttons, blinking blankly, clearly not entirely used to the prospect of
With a sigh, he watched as his maths teacher spoke animatedly into his phone, sitting straight at his desk, tapping a pencil rapidly against his textbook, fully invested and seemingly unbothered by the full classroom awaiting his direction. Sherlock hummed to himself. Oh
Sherlock watched him walk away, swallowing the knot in his throat and opening his mouth slightly, the will to just admit his feelings to John, right there, in the forefront of his mind, stupidly tempting, taunting him with ‘now or never’s and ‘just do it’s. But
Sherlock remembered reading a book once on the stages of grief and their idiotic affect on the human condition, on the mind and the body and the way one acts or goes about their new life. He remembers so distinctly, sitting in his chair, frowning at the text clad pages, scoffing at the descriptions, at the surreality of it all, the way they spoke as if everyone experienced grief the same, as though everyone suffered through the same five stages. John had been there, across from him, his worn hands gripping tight to a mystery novel, one of those stupid crime stories that end in triumph and romance.
With a scowl, he dropped the rugby player and turned towards the exit once more, Greg’s hand remaining a comforting presence atop his shoulder, as he left Sebastian Wilkes behind him, laughing at his turned back. He sped out of the gym locker room without another look back, and into the fresh air just outside, taking a deep breath to calm his racing heartbeat, his thoughts afire with outrage. Never had he felt such hatred for another person before — so much so it was, honestly, slightly terrifying. Sure, he’d never liked Wilkes, frankly he’d found him repulsive, but
“Knew my dad was gay before I did,” Mike huffed, laughing a bit nervously and pushing up his glasses.
“Something you need to tell me, Johnny boy?” Sebastian teased, smirking wide and watching the both of them with knowing eyes, “Any confessions you need off your chest?”
Sighing, he grabbed for his phone, the device sat next to his small makeup bag, now a mess across the sink, power and eyeshadow painting the white porcelain a different color entirely. His heart stuttered in its routine thumping as he saw a text from John on the screen, that read, in black, straight letters,
At that, John’s smile seemed to falter, the ends of his mouth turning downwards shakily, his eyes dropping to the table where his coffee sat, currently untouched.
Sherlock found himself barely managing to align all the pieces of the night’s events up in his head. He’d gone to dinner with John, gone to a party with John, danced with John, ran away from the very concept of John — not his finest moment, he could grant himself that — and then he had kissed John. And John had kissed him. And then they had certainly kissed some more. And now he was sitting, tucked against the tattered passenger seat of John’s old car, wrapped tightly in John’s thick ski jacket, cruising through the suburbs of London’s more neighborly backstreets in the middle of the night, his makeup practically no longer existent on his pale complexion aside from the dark smudge of black gripping to his under-eye, his still damp clothing lying cold against his skin and slowly drying with the harsh warm air of the heater, and his fingers wrapped around John’s, palm to palm, the rugby captain’s hand tightening from time to time when an 80s song he particularly enjoyed lulled out from the car’s radio, a quiet murmur that surrounded them in a soft, peaceful haze.
“So,” Sherlock cleared his throat and dropped his gaze, glancing tellingly at John’s camcorder, “what’s the video on?”
“I do loathe repeating myself,” Sherlock uttered bitterly, trying again, desperately, to yank his throbbing wrist from its brutal confines.
John scoffed and shoved her hands away, groaning at her pleased expression before he slammed his head against the steering wheel and remained there, hunched over, eyes shut tight, body anxious and unsteady.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head, staring down at the drink in his hand, and sniffing it nervously before he turned and let it fall with a large thump into the garbage bin beside him.
Sherlock glanced over at him, cheeks red as the two of them joined the line for coffee, his hands now behind his back, his posture straight and narrow, tense and a bit uncertain as John stared directly at him, mind whirling with the need to praise Sherlock for the wonder he’d just performed.
“Why are you so hung up on this, Greg?” John snapped, remembering their brief discussion over text and shrugging his shoulders in both perplexity and genuine interest. He watched as Greg looked away, shame turning his cheeks red as he shook his head stubbornly and let out a long sigh.
Victor Trevor, well aware he hadn’t had any practice, no one to practice on, too shy to practice on himself.
“Then again,” John muttered, clearing his throat, tone hoarse, “I hope that whole pack is beyond salvation.”
When he reached the room’s door, he found himself nearly colliding with Sebastian Wilkes, the arse bearing an almost concerning grin, a sneer in place as he laughed at something Sholto said beside him, punching his friend lightly in the shoulder. David Matthews and Harper Blake were pursuing him as well, two players John didn’t really enjoying conversing with even when he was required to, the two of them far too snobbish and self-absorbed for him to get a word in most of the time. The fact that they were good mates of Wilkes didn’t come as much of a surprise. John swallowed as he spotted the four of them, slowing his pace to avoid a collision, and glancing up to fix Sebastian with a thorough glare.
John frowned at his phone, brows turning downward in confusion, head tilting slightly to the side, and before he formed a response, he glanced over at the sender, eyeing the way he stared straight ahead, as though his answer to John’s question were nothing to be perplexed about — as though it were simple fact.
He swallowed the knot in his throat, cleared it quickly, and whirled back around, facing the boy dead on, a hand on the strap of his satchel, the other still balanced atop his dorm’s door handle.
Just before ducking out the door, Sherlock passed Redbeard, sleeping soundly on a sheet of fabric, something he'd traded a squirrel for in the black market. Allowing a final smile to grace his lips, Sherlock approached the dog, stroked his ears, and kissed the soft fur just beneath his closed eye. When he pulled back, the hound was gazing curiously at him, his tail wagging as Sherlock whispered softly, "Goodbye, Redbeard."
John flinched at the insult and sped up, marching a little faster towards his goal, finally reaching the grass and tossing his stuff to the side of the rugby goal, choosing to simply ignore Mike Stamford for the rest of practice.
“It’s nothing fancy,” John stated shyly, bopping his head in the direction of the small rectangular building, a sign across the outside lit up with neon lights that read, ‘
on his calculator fifteen thousand times before he's satisfied, how when teachers ask you to copy down notes they always stand in front of the board they're on, and about how on the first day of class you have a whole pack of pencil and erasers and by the end of the year you're left with one you arbitrarily found on the floor. He joked and brought up how algebra is only important when you're a pirate - since finding X is your main priority. He explained the fact that he has no idea how to pay taxes or raise a family but not to worry because he can find the area of a triangle and the circumference of a circle.
John watched as all his friends stared back at him, brows raised in both intrigue and confusion, each and every one of them looking entirely blank, entirely brainless. He let out a soft scoff and looked down, running a hand through his dirty blonde hair and turning his mobile over in his hands – he had known this was a bad idea from the start but he couldn’t
“Sebbo,” James laughed and clapped him on the back, Mike and Sebastian Moran doing the same, whilst Greg seemed thoroughly caught up in something on his mobile.
“Something you’d like to share with us, Mr. Watson?” Ms. Montgomery asked, all proper and posh, the wrinkles in her neck shaking like jello as she spoke.
— and I don’t have an issue with Shakespeare — great lad, wonderful lad, even bisexual according to gossip —”
Sherlock lifted a hand to rub at the back of his neck and sighed, shaking his head; angry with himself as he thought of all the extra rations he'd added to his list. He had painfully decided to do so in order to aid his ill mother. Without what he did, she'd be long dead.
“Quite the catch,” John chuckled, shaking his head in amusement at his friend, his fingertips just grazing Sherlock’s back once more, sending goosebumps over the forefront of his arms.
I know this is short but I wanted to get a chapter out asap as I will be busy as all hell for the next two weeks.
Trying desperately to hold back a wide grin, and a thick blush, Sherlock turned away from John, staring wide-eyed down at his phone and ignoring his desire to chuckle. John was a marvel, that’s for sure. But Sherlock couldn't. No. The texting outside of their classes, when Sherlock was home or in the studio, was bad enough as it was - there was no way Sherlock needed to spend more time with John. There was no way Sherlock needed to get to know John better, or become John’s friend, or learn about John, or stare at John while he sipped coffee in the small diner down the block. No need. He wanted to, yes. But unless he wants the flames of his inner crush to completely burn him alive, he had to stop this - he had to refuse.
And with that, the rugby captain pushed himself forward and Sherlock’s entire world exploded around him. He felt those warm, soft lips on his again, pressing only gently against his own, of which were utterly still with shock, but pliant and unyielding, and John noticed,
John let out another chuckle and leaned back in his seat, his grip tightening on the wheel, “Sherlock, you’re soaked through. You need a change of clothes.”
, I’ll be lucky if I’m moved in by the end of the semester,” John joked, shaking his head in exhaustion before turning and plopping himself down onto the bare mattress.
But instead, John just looks relieved as he takes a step closer, his eyes wide in silent question and his lips quirking now, lifting up only slightly at one side as he whispers, softly, so close to Sherlock that he can feel the warmth of his breath in the cold of the air and the wet drops of the rain, “
Sherlock flicked his hand in a dismissive gesture whilst watching John grab his copy of Romeo and Juliet and his rather large history book, obviously for whatever homework he had assigned over the weekend, “You used all those horrid techniques.”
“Go, John,” Sherlock said quietly to him, and the three boys he stood beside and in front of all turned to face him, their eyes narrowed and curious.
"Oh, I -" He began and John arched a brow, admiring the deep nature of his baritone, rumbling thickly with every syllable, "I didn't know anyone was -" The boy paused, swallowed, glanced down at his hands, one fiddling with a corner of his phone case, and shook his head, turning around swiftly, obviously in pursuit of the exit.
“Sherlock,” John responded, tone of voice sharp, reprimanding, causing Sherlock to flinch with the effect of it all, his heart racing as the man sitting atop the sink’s counter glared directly through him, “Care to explain to me why you nearly bloody drowned in the damned tub?”
Sherlock blinked and then looked down once more, shaking his head and scoffing sharply, "It was simply the honest truth. I quite enjoy them."
, lads. But, secondary school is hell regardless,” John scoffed and continued, “You see, you’ve got those groups of people who are so eager for a role it’s almost worrying, waving their palms about in the air, losing their bloody minds over who they want to speak for. But then, you’ve got others who don’t want anything at all, who would rather read along quietly, or hell, just read the entire bloody thing whilst everyone’s arguing over who is who.”
? Or did Wilkes tell him what he'd done and ask John to go pester him about it? Or perhaps, which couldn't possibly be logical, John was
Sherlock winced and looked down at his feet once more. His father's favorite as well. Siger and he had shared a number of things - hobbies, habits, taste in women. They had been close. And then Sherlock's father had died and their special evenings of sitting beside the fire, drinking half a glass had turned into Siger sitting alone, downing the entire bottle.
"Happy Hunger Games!" The Capitol woman exclaimed once again, "And may the odds be ever in your favor."
Sherlock stared down at his hands, fingers fidgeting aimlessly as he seemingly thought over John’s words.
“No, it’s not,” John said, quickly, and Sherlock couldn’t help it — he turned to look at him, their face so very close, their eyes staring, ablaze with silent questions, expressions glowing as they bared their souls, as they spoke of things they’d never thought to someday be a possibility.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, swallowing and gazing directly ahead at the shop’s menu, blank expression masking the joy thumping in his chest, right next to the beating of his nervous heart, “That’s not what people normally say.”
Also, there may be a surprise coming in relation to this fanfic, of which I will inform you all of soon, if it comes to par.
“I have some friends coming over,” He heard Siger’s voice call out from the other room, the clink of a glass signaling the telltale sign of a drink about to be poured, “and I don't need you embarrassing me.”
To John, Sherlock Holmes was a perfect enigma wrapped in a sweet center of pure warmth, love, and childish innocence. Sherlock was an emotionless genius on the outside to most everyone he’d witnessed the brunette interact with, but John saw what lied beneath that single layer, a layer so easily broken if dealt with correctly, a layer John had grown to completely, and utterly, fall in love with. He was a beautifully sculpted, slender figure of milk-bottle white skin, curly chocolate locks, and unreadable, untamable, kaleidoscope shaded eyes, with lashes that fluttered and danced beneath his brown brows. His mouth was made purely by the hands of the Greek Gods, pink and plush and curved with a Cupid’s bow unlike any other. Sherlock was, to John, a rarity he wished never to lose, a treasure he’d find only once in what may be a short lifetime — a gift placed upon the earth with grace, made to be cherished, made to be praised and loved and adored and protected.
He ran his hands through his now soap clad hair, and sighed. He was acting like a lovesick schoolboy - which he wasn’t,
Sherlock froze, facing the handle of the bathroom door and swallowing his outrage and fear, the combination of both sticking thickly in his throat as he heard John take a step closer, breathing shallow and almost uneasy.
Sherlock looked down at where their hands were interlocked across the middle compartment of John’s old, tattered car, the lining their wrists rested upon all battered and worn with years of use. A question rested on his tongue as he glanced back up and out the window, watching as they approached the familiar apartment complex, the tall buildings intimidating from where they loomed over the car, dark shadows silhouetted in the night sky.
Sherlock gazed across the table at him, at his smaller, more comforting smile, his warm expression, that look of both pride and sincerity directed entirely on Sherlock, and the brunette felt his heart clenching in want, in need.
The rugby captain then ran a hand down his face and moaned, shaking his head in exasperation and huffing, gently, “What did you say?”
Sherlock nodded and rolled his eyes, “And then how he got over it the second he saw another just a slight bit prettier?”
His heart fluttered with the admission and he waited for Molly to respond, of whom was staring at him dead-eyed, expression flat and one brow arched entirely too high to be normal.
“Simplify the question,” Sherlock stated, finally meeting John’s eyes, very clearly just as amused by the conversation as John was.
Sighing, John grabbed hold of the school’s main doors, yanking one of them open by its handle and waiting for Molly to enter first before quickly following behind, head turning with his upside down thoughts, spinning and churning within his gut, desperate for answers.
Sherlock had watched on in utter fascination as John went about helping his mother, grabbing a few things from the shelves and handing her all the proper utensils, admiring how similar they looked, how close they stood, how warm their expressions were as if there were no heartache or strife between either of them, only good memories and gentle thoughts. John occasionally glanced at Sherlock, shooting him a short wink or a light smile, which always set his heart on fire, its thumping increasing in speed almost instinctively, whilst he sat at the counter and looked on, watching the firm form of one John Watson step about in the kitchen, muscles rippling as he reached for dishes and cups, a sight Sherlock didn’t intend on looking away from until the very last second.
The chestnut-haired girl gasped far too loudly and flew to her feet, leaping towards the bed and flinging her arms out and around John’s upper half, squeezing his shoulders so tight he felt his sides cramping under her grip.
And that’s precisely why he had spent the night scolding himself. He was putting John above all the dreadful negatives — he was allowing himself to fall weak, to fall prey, to fall vulnerable to
No, his heart hungered to be John Watson’s, selfish and eager, but his head willed him to be content with what he had — John Watson, as a
?” Wilkes continued, leering down at Sherlock’s now lifted chin, his eyes fixed on Sebastian’s sneer, the curve of his mouth, vile and threatening, “for him to like you back. You’d love nothing more than to take it up the arse from our beloved Captain John Watson, ain’t that right?”
John stared at him, expression blank, unclear, solidly expressionless before he let out a long sigh and shook his head, arching a single brow and smiling Sherlock’s way, shrugging both his shoulders, “Sherlock, even if that were true, I wouldn’t bloody care.”
With a huff, Sherlock dropped the half smoked cigarette to the ground and crushed it with the heel of his black boot, turning towards the school’s front entrance and shaking his head in misery. The day he was excited to be at Baker would be the day he’d finally lost the plot.
She shot him a wink, lifting a hand to pat his shoulder and the other to point forwards in the direction of the dance floor. “I’m going to go find some lucky lady to take home with me tonight,” She informed him, reaching around his body to toss her empty plastic cup into the rubbish beside the drink station, before taking a few steps forward, her hips already moving to the music. “If you need anything, you know where to find me!” And with that, she bravely maneuvered her way into the crowd of dancers, sliding past hormonal teenagers without a care in the world.
“Look, it’s just an offer, you know?” The rugby captain shrugged again, and let out a soft laugh, “You can always decline, but if you do come out, maybe we could hang after?”
"Fans?" Molly smirked, arching a brow as she exited the fitting room, twirling cheerfully in a little red dress and posing in one of the hallway mirrors.
“But you’re right,” the rugby captain practically giggled, flashing Sherlock his car keys before slipping them back into his pocket, “That’s why we’re walking.”
John frowned and swallowed thickly, turning to face Sherlock with a look of utter confusion, “What?”
“Satisfactory,” Sherlock hummed, glancing at John with an amused smirk, to which John let out a warm chuckle, nodding his head and removing his key from the car.
Happy with himself, John leaned back once more, crossing his arms over his chest and letting out a sigh, "Hey Molls?"
the pair,” Sebastian snickered, “Sitting together at lunch all the time, that little YouTube video you had him star in, all your little conversations in the halls. Quite close, the two of you, aye?”
She glanced down at the ground, then in another direction completely, before gazing directly at him, eyes bright with worry, lips quivering just slightly, "How many times is your name in there?"
progress, Sherlock had been warming up to him, beginning to trust him, and now there seemed to be a slowly rising wall, as though Sherlock was reinstalling his defenses, forcing his protection back into place, expression falling guarded and shut away once more. And John didn’t blame him.
“Well, I can’t,” Sherlock sighed softly, stepping into his slacks and keeping his head ducked and his line of sight low, his body turned defensively once more.
“Hm?” The genius hummed, tilting his head just slightly before biting his lip and glancing up at John.
John paused and blinked at his friend, one brow arching as he took in the scowl slowing twisting James’ features into an unreadable, unsettling expression. “No, why would it be a joke?”
The rugby captain squinted, spotting the book in his bag as they neared closer, and swallowing the thick knot in his throat, amazement and disbelief swarming in his gut to form some sort of overwhelming sense of renowned affection for the genius now striding forwards and opening the door to the coffee shop’s entrance.
“Sherlock,” John leaned forwards, placing his elbows on the table and setting his pencil down a moment, eyes fixating on the elegant script scrawled across Sherlock’s borrowed piece of paper as the brunette began his third paragraph. John was still proud of himself for even convincing Sherlock to actually
He caught his balance on the white bathroom wall and looked up, glare in place, ready to snap some arduous insult and be on his way, only to freeze on the spot, John Watson standing there, blue eyes apologetically wide as he lifted his hands in a playful surrender.
With his lips still curved upward in mirth, John slipped his phone back into his pocket and strode into his room, placing his tea down beside his computer and fiddling with the mouse, watching as the screen illuminated instantly, his channel layout the first thing to pop up, along with several new notifications, all indicated by small, red spheres.
,” Sherlock muttered under his breath, brow twitching before he bit his lip and turned away from that look of fondness John was so marvelously sporting.
Sherlock waited, watching as John tapped the bacon habitually with the fork in his hand before biting his lip and swallowing thickly.
Slowly, but surely, Sherlock sunk back into his previous position and the tissue made contact once more with the corner of his bottom lip, soaking up the newly shed blood with ease as John dabbed it gently across the plush pink shape of his mouth. The dirty blonde lifted his eyes to Sherlock’s and found that he was being watched with a look so intense he almost felt entirely unclothed, bare before the eyes of the genius he’d grown so very fond of. Unreadable shades and hues met John’s ocean irises and for a moment everything was forgotten — it was merely Sherlock Holmes, one many believed to be a lost cause, but one John believed to be
Sherlock hummed to himself and looked down at his hands, before lifting his head and staring directly into John’s eyes, “Is he proud of you?”
Harry’s trained eye followed the extended form of John’s arm before it came to rest once more on Sherlock’s mildly fearful expression, an even wider smirk stretching out across the whole of her make-up smothered features, as she glanced between the two of them.
“Sorry lad,” John blushed a bit, feeling entirely guilty for waking the obviously sleep-lacking brunette from what must have been an enormously deep slumber, “Just figured I should wake you. It’s round eight.”
mad. He was behind on uploading, a few of his subscribers commenting on his whereabouts, asking as to whether or not he was okay, if he was still breathing, still existing. But no, he wasn’t okay, because John was so bloody distracting — was he breathing? Sometimes. Not when John was around. Was he still in existence? He supposed so, but only because John made him feel as though he were worth existing. Sherlock was pathetically and hopelessly obsessed with
I am also sorry this is so short! I wanted to make it longer but I wasn't sure when I'd be able to finish it, so I was just eager to get it out to you all. :) thanks for reading and thanks for all the wonderful comments!
“Let me just go get changed, yeah?” He added, smile small but entirely intricate, laced with so much sincerity he hoped it would pass straight on through to Sherlock, comfort him, alert him to the fact that John was serious, that John wanted more time with him, that
Snatching his phone from where John held it clenched between his fingers, his hand floating atop the sink, where he’d originally intended to set it down in his oh-so-noble ways, Sherlock pushed past the boy and back into the hall, face blank and emotionless, hoping, somehow, he still had a chance to play this all off as John’s imagination running wild.
“Vic did a year at that private school in Berkshire, remember? West of here. Apparently they shared a few classes or something.”
John let out a bright laugh, perhaps louder than what would be considered normal, and shook his head, winking gently at the dark-haired boy, “Considering it’s rugby, I’ll try not to, yeah?”
With a slow turn on the back of his heel, Sherlock poked his head out the door, arching a brow in suspicion, curious as to why she was holding him up, "What?"
“Fine,” He responded, sneaking in a sip of his drink before continuing, “Embrace the probability of your imminent death. And know, in your heart, that there’s nothing I can do to save you.”
But, Sherlock couldn't help but selfishly think, perhaps now, because of what he did, he'd be the one dying. And who could possibly save him?
Sherlock chuckled and smirked a little at her, arching a brow knowingly and gesturing sluggishly with his hands, "Then it must be true."
was his creation, a version of himself that he presented to the public eye, a side of him that wasn’t necessarily, truly,
Greg rolled his eyes and chucked a kernel of leftover corn at Carl’s face, “He’s is not, you tit. He’s just clever.”
He bit his lip and leaned back in his chair. The dancer deserved it. If John could get just a few of his subscribers to check the lad out, he’d be happy. He’d wanted to for a while, to tell his fans – god, that still sounds weird – about one of his favorite artists, someone he listened to and kept up with on the daily, someone he was close to obsessing over, but he was never sure of when, or how, or frankly, what his watchers would think.
“I told you I would,” Sherlock’s deep baritone muttered, softly and quietly, rumbling deep in his throat and, out of his control, sending shivers up and down John’s spine.
“Hello,” Sherlock nodded politely before turning away once more and facing the stairs, eager to leave the conversation there, unwilling to cause anymore attention towards their position, towards
“What, why?” Sherlock frowned, removing the cigarette from his lips to talk properly before turning to face John, his nose wrinkling rather adorably as he looked on at the rugby captain with perplexity.
“Oi, Watson!” Someone called out from behind him, and Sherlock watched as a white ping pong ball flew just past the two of them, clearly meant to bounce off John’s head, but instead slapping the alien blow-up in Mike’s arms directly in the nose. Mike lifted his middle finger up in the air as they all turned to face their enthusiastic attackers, and Sherlock’s heart clenched in dread as James Sholto and Sebastian Moran approached, faces bearing wolf-like grins, their eyes darting from John to Sherlock and back again.
“Yeah, alright, just — be careful?” Greg pleaded shakily, and John watched as his throat bobbed and his hands fiddled with the straps of his bag.
Swallowing thickly, he tapped to form a new message and quickly ran his fingers over the keyboard, heart racing with frazzled nerves, his body still shaking with the force of his uncle’s wrath, wrist still throbbing, and mind still anxious over the fact that he was actually asking something of John — something he definitely did not deserve the luxury of.
John balked, his features lifting sky high, his eyes widening, his jaw popping open, the entirety of his position in the chair, still turned to Sherlock, seeming as though he forgot the camera was rolling, “You’re bloody joking.”
with both him and the words out of his mouth. He frowned, shaking his head and turning away in aggravation, though his heart fluttered with hope — did Sherlock truly like him in that way?
, someone his father would approve of, someone that would make his life easier, not complicate it further, someone that didn’t hide behind a blurred face and an anonymous identity, someone that didn’t forget to sleep and eat, someone that didn’t stumble about, or fluster, in his presence like a lost puppy. Someone better. Someone better for
Harriet chuckled, her pale pink lipstick cracking a little and her black eyeliner crinkling as she smirked down at him, shaking her head fondly. "Listening to your boyfriend again?" She quipped, her eyes narrowed suspiciously and the ends of her lips curving upward in amusement.
John smiled to himself, shaking his head and lifting apple to his lips. Gregory Lestrade - always sweet but terribly oblivious.
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and dropped his eyes to the gravel beneath his feet, kicking a stone with the toe of his ugly, tattered brown boots.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and slowly ran his hand down into his pocket, pulling out the small pin he held so dear to his heart. Mycroft had given it to him when he had turned twelve, telling him to never lose it, to never give it away, to never show it to anyone because it was his and his alone. It was bronze, lacking in shine because of age, bearing the engraving of a bumblebee atop it, its wings outstretched, every detail of its tiny body easily seen to a keen eye.
“Won’t happen, Harry,” John scoffed, shaking his head and beaming warily her way, hoping she got it through her head — he wouldn’t let this place change him, nor its residents. This was an opportunity of a lifetime. He was here to learn, to play rugby, and to excel. Nothing else.
Sherlock smirked and ducked his head down, sliding into the passenger side of the car and watching as John shut the door behind him, snaked around the back of the vehicle and hopped in the driver’s seat beside him.
John took a step forward, hesitated, and then cleared his throat, turning his head away and biting his lip, chuckling lightly to himself and watching Sherlock with those heavy eyes.
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock snapped, tapping his phone to check the time and realizing, with a wince, that lunch was nearing an end.
“I swear on my bloody life, Molls,” John chuckled into the speaker, holding his phone tightly to his ear and grabbing the practically weightless pizza box from his desk, rolling his eyes at the single piece left over from last night’s movie night - a movie night that included himself, junk food, and his most prized possession: his full boxset of Bond films. Harry and his mum had both been working - and he hadn’t been in the mood for company.
John turned to Sherlock with an encouraging smile and lead him in with the still-present press of his hand against the dancer’s back. As they stepped inside, Sherlock noticed an overwhelming presence of red. The walls, the couches, the kitchen cabinets, the sofas — it was alarming though oddly sophisticated, homey and yet a tad bit intimidating, though Sherlock would take a blood red living room over the white, blank loneliness of his own home any day.
it. His every intelligent thought was being quite successfully replaced with human error. He could hardly call himself a genius for far longer if he kept this up — this
He danced without regret, without hesitation, knowing his face and hair and any defining features would be blurred from clear view.
He plopped down into his desk chair and scrolled slowly through the newly posted comments, one in particular turning him to stone, his vision blurring with excitement, his bones stiffening to freeze within the moment, his eyes widening with imminent elation.
Sherlock glanced down at his combat boot clad feet and frowned, his heart clenching with fear and worry and doubt and dread, his mind feeling foggy and unnerved. He swallowed, cleared his throat and glanced wearily over at Irene.
His mother had entered first, of course. She had hobbled towards him as fast as she could, throwing her arms around his neck, running her fingers through his hair, and kissing his forehead, all while fat tears rolled down both of her red, swollen cheeks, staining Sherlock’s skin with salt and devastation. It had been hard to reassure her, to tell her he would try to win, try to make it home so he could see her again.
“I figured. The cheering sort of gave it away,” the brunette smirked, a brow arching teasingly as he stared directly, yet still rather shyly, at John’s position before him, knees and thighs caked in mud and wet grass, uniform stained, sweat dampening his blonde hair.
“Really?” Sherlock squeaked in response, his own hands clasping behind John’s head, forearms resting atop John’s shoulders, his body pressed firmly against the counter.
John smirked, remembering their last conversation in which Sherlock responded in such a way, and shook his head in amusement.
With a bit more determination, John nodded, moving steadily around Molly to continue her search while the two talked, fingers gliding past uninteresting garments, "I need to show him. Somehow, you know? That I'm not an arse, that I'm, I don't know, an average human being."
Sherlock smiled and watched as John grabbed the second cup, carefully sauntering back toward him and handing it over with a wink, eye bright and mischievous, and Sherlock took the tea gently, their hands just brushing as he grabbled hold of the hot porcelain.
And suddenly Sherlock realized that John was talking and yet he wasn’t listening — he couldn’t listen. He was far too consumed by all that this boy was, this rugby captain, this vlogger, this wonderfully loyal friend and brother and son; John Watson was a
, just because Sherlock was a shy, terrified loner who became irritable at the idea of sharing a tight space with far too many bodies and listening to deafeningly loud, booming music for no good reason other than to have fun.
Sherlock’s heart dropped from where it sat beneath his skin, thumping rapidly, his veins going cold with panic, his eyes widening a fraction as he glanced back and forth between the two.
Sherlock inwardly scolded himself – quite eager not to scare the boy away thank you very much – before turning back to John and lifting a curious brow, “Do you really call him that?”
Sherlock nodded, moving to leave, his limbs weak as he moved to pull the door closed, but a sudden flash of movement stopped him and he turned to find Sebastian Moran in his face, glaring his way with furrowed brows and a frightened scowl.
John narrowed his eyes, looked up, and then nodded, smiling a suddenly very wide smile and chuckling softly, “Yeah, pretty much.”
Harry nodded and smiled sneakily, snickering a little to herself as she turned to the door, pulling it open and talking a step out before glancing over her shoulder, "Who am I kiddin? You've got your boyfriend to watch."
John readjusted his bag and cleared his throat, winking at Sherlock - unsure as to why, perhaps his confidence was simply in overload - and turning to leave, glancing over his shoulder as the bell rang and he began to walk towards the exit, “Talk to ya later, Sherlock.”
“Hey Sherlock,” John smiled, and instantly Sherlock was breathing deep and relaxing slightly in his seat, meeting those two swirling ocean eyes and willing himself to focus on the beauty of John’s kind features.
“Once, twice,” John shrugged, reaching into a drawer at his side and grabbing out a fork, poking at the frying strips of meat, “sometimes three times a year.”
He hoisted his rugby bag higher onto his shoulder and slowed as he came to stand before the tall genius, biting his lip and gazing admiringly at the boy, still so very overwhelmed by the fact that he had even shown up in the first place, let alone stayed till the end.
, but, when she did, it was light and reassuring, comforting in the utmost and entirely soothing to Sherlock’s somewhat frazzled nerves. With a nod, she confirmed his questioning tone and carefully got to her feet, smoothing down her yellow dress and shooting him a genuine smile, extending a small hand towards him, to which he slowly, carefully, accepted. She shook his palm and, with a somewhat melancholy expression, softly stated, “I’m Molly, in case you didn’t know. And if you ever find yourself needing someone who isn’t
The boy in his passenger seat brightened, his eyes widening for a moment, his mouth curving slightly at the offer, and his posture straightening just a bit as he nodded and hummed to himself, looking away from John and out the window, “Yes.”
"I guess," John cleared his throat, leaning up against one of the large shelves, of which held folded, multicolored skinny jeans, and placing his fists in his sweatshirt pockets.
“It’s pretty late; your uncle gonna be okay with that?” John asked, brows drawing forwards into a frown of concern as he sat up a little straighter in the driver’s seat, gripping tight to the steering wheel.
“You went the alien route, I see,” John chuckled, glancing at her outfit and beaming as she spun and flipped the synthetic hair from her shoulder.
. Where the dancer had hidden himself or taken off to John would never know - what he did know was that he had been so close. A few seconds earlier, quicker, faster, sooner, and John would have come face to face with the man who serenaded his dreams.
And it was because of his aching that he stormed into his bedroom at a frantic pace, curls tumbling this way and that in their messy state, trembling hands removing the slightly loose plank of wood from his floor, and ripping out the stocked baggy from its thorough hiding place.
“Do you realize,” John had began, reaching over the table’s surface to steal the yellow fruit from his tray, and Sherlock blinked, shaking his head into a processing format once more in order to keep up with John’s words, “how important our livers are? They break down fats, produce energy, play a key role in creating important proteins, I could go on and on.”
His friend turned entirely red at his words and John instantly gave himself a point on his mental tally chart — hypocrites, they were; telling him to make his move with Sherlock when they’d been pining over one another for more than a year.
“Need another drink?” He asked considerately, indicating with a flick of his head to the table behind him. Sherlock bit his bottom lip and smiled shyly, shaking his head to the offer before clearing his throat and running a hand over his gelled-back curls, slick and entirely too-handsome for John’s entirely enamored heart.
Hell, if it was true, the entirety of his life, every day after this one, would be meaningless — there would be no point anymore. Because what’s living if there’s no one to live for, nothing to live for — not even the smallest spec, not even the dust building in that one corner of 221B
John, much to his own embarrassment, found himself blushing, a bright, crimson red, and was genuinely glad Sherlock wasn’t currently looking at him with those scrutinizing eyes.
John blushed, looking down as he listened to her laugh across from him, feeling his lips curve upwards in a proud smile, "Yeah, well. I'm just that good I guess."
If Sherlock was being frank, if he was being entirely honest, he’d been an idiot. No, actually he’d been at Anderson levels of stupidity. He hadn’t taken the proper precautions, hadn’t turned his back from the door, out of view, hadn’t even thought to lock it, assuming he’d be done and out in no time; he certainly hadn’t expected John to act chivalrous right then and there of all times but hell — he should’ve known. Chivalry isn’t
Before he could disappear into the security of his bedroom, he felt a hand grip his thin wrist, fingers pressing hard into his skin, nails digging against bone like proper bee stings, sharp and ruthless. He grimaced at the feeling, trying, fruitlessly, to snatch back his arm, biting his lip so hard he could taste blood, turning the entirety of his body back to his uncle, and staring him dead in the eye as he glared back, features unforgiving.
“Bloody hell,” the teenager snarled in amusement, and stepped closer to the brunette, breath horrid and foul as he chuckled bitterly, “I knew you had the hots for the captain, you sick
as well! Everything will be going smoothly and then — uh oh — you get to a character and whomever is assigned to them has either forgotten, fallen asleep, or is texting under their bloody desk,” John glanced at Sherlock as he paused, and smiled wider, “but the worst part — the worst part, you wonderful people — is when you have someone so into their role that they suddenly think they
He took a better look at Molly, her hands at her sides, one gripping the side of her purse tightly, knuckles white —
He reached for his pen, uncapping it and quickly scribbling the song’s name into the appropriate column, smiling softly to himself, rather proud to have found such an invigoratingly new sound. It was because of this, and the fact that his phone’s volume was turned to max, that he didn’t hear the name calling out for him, only finally realizing and looking up unnaturally quick when the person who was in need of his attention tapped lightly on his shoulder.
He wondered what John would think. What if John hated this specific project? What if he uploaded his video and John loathed it so much he stopped watching? What if he unsubscribed? Sherlock’s pen stopped moving and he swallowed, looking down at the messy script doodled across the page. No. If John were anything like his friends, he’d probably agree that Sherlock needed a change, needed to “spice things up a bit.” But John wasn’t like his friends, was he? John had liked Sherlock’s videos. He’d liked the classic instrumentals and the soft melancholy compositions Sherlock stayed up all hours working on. John
"Christ, Harry," John blushed, running a hand through his hair and tossing his phone to the side, watching as it hit the far end of his mattress with a thump, "Shut up, will you? I don't even know who he
Sherlock made a show of rolling his eyes and shoving Victor off, shaking his head in frustration and turning away and back to his wardrobe, pulling out a pair of black trousers and deliberately ignoring Victor’s deep frown.
,” John ordered in his captain’s voice, shoving Sebastian aside and taking a step back, standing, still tense, as Seb’s eyes dropped to Sherlock, then back to John, before he turned and began stomping away down the empty corridor.
John let a giggle loose, and grinned up at the tall brunette, eyes bright with admiration, before he turned away, smile still in place, glancing up at the beverage board, the line to make their order moving them forwards a mere inch whilst John pondered what to say next.
“I think it’s best I leave,” Sherlock reached down and yanked his backpack up atop his shoulders, slipping his arms through the straps and ignoring the rugby captain observing his every move.
John fiddled with his own dinner tray and let out a soft laugh, chest clenching happily with the feeling of inclusion, the boy’s amongst him swarming him with a sensation of instant companionship.
He’d hoped Sherlock had enjoyed himself. He had hoped, when they’d parted ways earlier that day, that he hadn’t scared the boy away — he knew Sherlock was going to be a hard mystery to crack, a hard person to truly get to know, but, to John, he was entirely, and utterly worth it. He was, to be frank,
Sherlock took a drag and then dropped the cigarette to the floor, stomping on it with the heel of his toe before glancing quickly up at John, expression guarded but almost fond, "They'd be idiots."
John laughed gently, swinging his legs off the bed and swaying towards his computer, booting it up as he lifted the screen and nodding quickly, "Yeah, 'course. I'll just do homework."
Scoffing, Sherlock leaned back in his chair, running an erratic hand through his curls and tapping his pen against his bottom lip, the crevice that usually stored his many ideas simply blank, a dull emptiness, aside from the reoccurring, unforgiving image of a blonde with blue eyes.
With a deep breath, he strolled carefully to the door and reached out for the handle, pulling gently, letting in the light and feeling his face burn with the beauty that was John’s grinning expression.
Before those pink lips, that Sherlock so often found himself staring at, could say anything, a buzz came from the bedside table next to John, and, seemingly resentfully, the blonde reached over and broke the subtle moment, tapping the screen of his phone and narrowing his eyes curiously.
As he stocked the plate atop his tray with what they had to offer in the long, spiraling line, kids anxiously awaiting their meals, he thought back to earlier, his experience in the hall, the boy who had rammed head first into his box of records, curly head and thin frame trapped beneath John once he’d thoroughly crashed to the ground. He’d been intriguing to say the least, all dark hair and bright eyes — a color John couldn’t even discern — pale skin and a slender figure, and though he’d been all but rude in the response that followed their corridor accident, John had found him insatiably charming. The instant he’d spotted that they’d coincidentally become new neighbors, his heart had soared just lightly, with both anxious excitement and nervous interest — he’d have to make up some kind of excuse to run into the boy once more. On purpose this time.
Sherlock blushed and rolled his eyes, tucking his phone away into his jeans' pocket and heading for his next class, hoping, deep deep down, that there was no double meaning to this, that John genuinely had wanted his number, had really truly wanted to spend time with him, and that he wouldn’t turn out to be like everyone else.
Sherlock swallowed, watching John with a cautious, guarded expression, unsure whether his kindness was a trait, or a trick, “Unless it’s merely true.”
“John,” he growled out, turning his head away and glancing out at the crowds amongst them in the busy cafeteria, catching Wilkes’ eye for a mere moment, his blood running cold when the boy smirked, wide and vehemently, before he quickly looked away, brows drawing forwards into a frown.
Sherlock scoffed bitterly to himself, glaring at the floor and shaking his head. He supposed it made sense. Hell, if Sherlock were in his position, he’d want his uncle to leave too.
Sherlock blushed and huddled deeper into the covers, his heart swelling, the loud shouting from the television downstairs now simply a muted, dull noise, John’s texts far too distracting —
John was on fire — he was fuming, absolutely outraged, his heart thrumming rapidly against the confines of his chest, his eyes burning, his fingers trembling, eager to cause serious damage to the single human being that had dared to lay a hand against the fine, porcelain structure of Sherlock’s fragile skin.
“Look, you really want to know how to stay alive?” He began, fingers intertwined atop the table’s surface, “You get people to like you.”
Greg chuckled and stood as well, grabbing for his own bag and shooting both John and Sherlock a short wink as he readjusted the strap and made his own way towards his next class.
John lifted his hands animatedly as he spoke, throwing them in the air to relay his irritation, his confusion, his merriment. He moved on further into his video talking about how he presses
With a huff, John slammed back against the wall, shaking his head and rolling his eyes as Molly giggled and twirled, admiring her reflection carefully.
She whirled around, walking backwards and shaking her head his way as if she thought he was being entirely too daft, “Nope, I’ve known you
Blushing, much to his own embarrassment, Sherlock clicked reply, the keyboard popping up across his mobile screen, and began to formulate a response, his heart racing, teeth biting in to his bottom lip, fingers trembling just slightly as he tapped at the letters. John’s shoutout had, in fact, done wonders for him. He’d gained at least two thousand more subscribers in merely a day, and the very realization had thrown him from where he sat. He was climbing in views and likes, and comments were pouring in from users of all backgrounds. It was unbelievable. And all because of John Watson.
When John drops him off, Sherlock doesn’t stick around for a follow-up conversation. Instead, he practically hurls himself out of John’s hideously old car, doesn’t bother to glance at John’s awestruck position as he sits, parked before Sherlock’s large, overly posh house, and darts towards his front door, turning his back to the boy he’d so helplessly fallen in love with. He hears the driver’s side click open, and winces as John calls out to him, softly,
John scoffed and nodded, finally lifting a spooned scoop of baked beans to his lips and munching happily on his now cold school lunch, “‘Course.”
The small girl reemerged, expertly tying her hair up in a brown ponytail, dressed now in blue jeans and a pale pink, baggy sweater that hung limply just past her waist. "I was wondering what you were up to," Molly chuckled, checking herself in the mirror, "I saw you two having lunch together."
? Sherlock had no bloody clue but he was, though he loathed to admit it, enjoying himself. John was buying him coffee, John was laughing with him, John was talking to him. Really talking. Proper talking. And shit if it was doing any good to help Sherlock repress the so-called, “little crush” he had on John Watson. It was ghastly. Every time John smiled, Sherlock’s heart fluttered; every time John giggled Sherlock’s mind went blank, the entirety of his focus trained on the adorable noise bubbling out from John’s lips. It was unhealthy, surely, to have become this fixated on a person that he both thought of John constantly when they were together and constantly when they were apart — even more so. It wasn’t right — Sherlock needed to get out.
“You can’t be serious,” John laughed, once, sharp and amused, before he stared blankly at Sherlock, gazing at his scowl and slowly lifted his brows in utter bemusement, “Shit, you
It was comfortable, sitting together on John’s bed, legs crossed, shoes abandoned on the floor whilst John pointed at his posters and explained their relevance, whilst he laughed and smiled at Sherlock with that gentle curve of his lips, that light reveal of white teeth. The boy before him was a sight so beautifully built as he sat there, with all his golden hair and ocean infused irises, discussing, thoroughly and passionately, something he loved, something he cherished. And Sherlock couldn’t help but long for, his heart fluttering a the very thought, John to talk about him in that way, with a gleam in his eye, and those pink lips drawn into a purely happy grin.
“Besides,” Greg scoffed, reaching around John to smack Carl upside the head, messing up his perfectly gelled hair, “He’s got a boyfriend, you codfish.”
Sherlock blinked, mind whirling to a halt, body tensing in both shock and utter perplexity — people were subscribing to John because of
Haymitch glanced at Molly and Effie, rolling his eyes and groaning in aggravation, shaking his head to the side, “Yeah, well that won’t be of much help in the arena,” He turned to Sherlock then, expression serious, “That’s why you make them like you, kid – you act the part, play the fool.”
Sherlock’s cheeks were definitely a shade of pink at that, and he swallowed, shyly looking down at his hands beneath the desk and the close brush of his and John’s thighs.
All eyes were on him now, and he felt his face turn red at the sight, glancing away nervously before biting the insides of his cheeks, his heart thrumming a little more rapidly in his chest.
Rather than responding, Sherlock simply gave him a concerned look, worry etched into the crease of his brow, and sat up straighter in the passenger seat of John’s car.
“Oi,” John chuckled, smiling, white teeth and all, “I picked up your pen for you. Don’t make me regret it.”
, he couldn’t possibly when he got to see John at lunch, and in literature, and math — but the ever dawning moment of facing John and eating dinner with him where there’d be people watching them and insinuating things and then going to a party with him where’d there’d be more people and more insinuations was beginning to drive him mad. Not only that, he looked like a fool; a complete and utter fool. He’d rimmed his eyes with black and purple and blue, put a shiny charcoal gloss across his lips, dark and gothic, and even dotted his cheeks with white eyeliner to create a galaxy of stars — makeup was something he was comfortable and familiar with, used a few times in dance routines he thought deserved a bit more, even if the public would never see it. It was for his own empowerment anyway.
His thoughts came to a sudden and unexpected halt when he crashed front first into some mindless figure, a yelp ensuing from whomever had gotten into his way, Sherlock’s bag weighing him down and yanking his arse all the way to the wooden floor of the boy’s dormitory corridor. He startled as a heavy, warm weight fell along with him, and within what seemed to be two seconds of time, he was flat on his back, cased vinyl records scattered around him, and face to face with dark blue, stunned eyes.
In a rapid movement that shouldn’t have been entirely possible with how intoxicated Irene Adler was, the woman was in his face, eyes narrowed and brows furrowed, red lips pursed in annoyance and hands on her sharp hips.
“Oi,” John snorted back, putting forth a playful glare as he watched the curly-haired boy fidget with his back pocket, clearly aiming to remove his wallet, “My invite, my money, yeah?”
Victor huffed against his neck irritably and dropped his legs, instead moving to press himself flush against Sherlock's skinny figure, gripping tight to his hips and staring down at him, scowling, "Do you want to be found out?"
“Like my dick,” Sebastian murmured under his breath, and Stamford threw the lonely French textbook sitting atop his desk at the boy’s head.
John glared playfully her way before letting out a soft laugh and nodding his head, “Yeah, you’re right.”
, with an expression so soft Sherlock was simply frozen in his place, lost in the middle of an all-consuming ocean, waves colliding with his heart and sea foam tickling his skin. Without saying a word, John leaned forward, lifting a hand to Sherlock's jaw and cupping it ever so gently, like he was made of fine porcelain, like a sculpture in a museum you so badly want to touch but know is forbidden to lay your hands upon.
“Guess we’re neighbors,” The golden boy beamed his way, and Sherlock glanced from his own room back to the open door of the other across the hall, directly before his own.
, was that a hand on his arse? Sherlock balked, the blood in his veins going cold with loose nerves, unsure of what to do, of what to say, of how to reciprocate, uncertainty written in the etchings of his features. Why was John touching
The sound of Sebastian’s booming laughter above caused his fingers to tremble and his legs to shake.
Once he’d at least somewhat recovered, Sherlock tapped the comment section and lifted his thumbs to the keyboard.
“Sherlock,” John whispered again, smiling kindly and allowing his thumb to softly stroke at the thin material of Sherlock’s jumper clad shoulder.
“Then he’d be an idiot for it,” John said, firm and serious, before he beamed warmly Sherlock’s way, the two gazing quite literally into one another’s eyes. The moment was purely bewildering, their expressions putting forth an air of both desire and perplexity, ocean meeting kaleidoscope, and they remained there, words going unspoken through the lock of their eyes. It was, however, broken by what Sherlock could only describe as John Watson flailing backwards in an attempt to distance himself from the wild splattering of grease shooting outwards from the pan resting atop the stove.
“Sherlock?” He heard John’s voice softly beckon, and he hummed in response, waiting as John grunted out a kind, gentle, “How are you feeling?”
“You’ll not touch anything,” Sherlock uttered, gaze falling still on the ground before him, on the shiny black texture of his shoes, on the chaffed wood, on the panels
,” Sherlock forced out, eyes scattering over every inch of their location, of the parked car, of John’s somewhat exasperated expression, his fingers quivering where they were clenched in his lap, his knee bouncing anxiously — if John didn’t know any better, he’d say Sherlock looked utterly and entirely frightened.
Sherlock cleared his throat, looking away for a moment before taking a deep breath and fixing John with what he hoped was a soft, charming expression, judgement free and inviting, “Do you miss him?
“Look,” John sighed, “I can’t be friends with someone like that, okay? Not even if its pretend just so I don’t get my arse kicked.”
Taking a deep breath, he reached over to unbuckle his seatbelt, clearing his throat and biting his lip, before looking down at his feet, resting against the car’s ancient floor.
The shrill ringing of a phone jolted John out of his useless imaginings and he bolted upright in his bed, glancing over at Sherlock’s black backpack and wincing slightly. With entirely noble intentions in mind, he slipped from his mattress and knelt down beside the bag, listing for the ringing and unzipping the smallest pocket, the minute form of a mobile tucked gently within it, a little damp but seemingly in good working condition.
He was one of his uncle’s closest friends, managing to make nearly every Sunday get-together without delay, always sat drinking a glass of whiskey, readjusting his glasses and excelling at their poker game. Occasionally, when Sherlock had been allowed residence in their home during said poker games, he’d slip out of his room for nourishment, or hydration, sometimes even for bits and bobs that may help in satisfying missing components of his experiments. The men gathered around the table had always stared, always judged, nudging his uncle and cracking a joke or two, insulting and cruel, most of which Sherlock had learned to ignore — however, Magnusson did not. Charles Magnusson simply stared, eyes like slits, narrowed and curious, raking over the entirety of Sherlock’s nimble form. Why the man had taken a liking to him — skinny, oddly structured, alien-featured, and pale — he’d never know.
John scowled, clenching and unclenching his fists beneath his desk as he fixed his friend with a rightful, well-deserved glare.
” He heard his name whispered into the crook of his neck and a shiver ran down his spine, across his arms, his throat bobbing as he swallowed, the feeling of want and need and desperate desire nearly driving him mad — it was new, the sensation of wanting someone so bad you were sure you’d implode if confiscated of their touch, and whilst John was a bit fearful of being that reliant on the touch of another, he wouldn’t dare let it go now that he had it.
“Sherlock?” Molly’s timid voice sounded from beside him, but he remained cold and still, his face turned away from her line of sight, his eyes fixated on the square shape of the train window. He didn’t want to talk. He didn’t feel like talking. He wouldn’t talk. Not yet. Why should he? Why should he do anything anymore? For God’s sake, he just sounds like a stubborn, insubordinate, pesky teenager.
It wasn’t exactly a big deal to John when he entered maths, and instead of sitting at his normal table, amongst his usual “
“Have you ever felt so responsible for someone that every time you see them get hurt a part of you just,” John swallowed and frowned, in search of the right word, “
to be lectured just one more time by the man appearing so very real before him and yet, had to be, a figment of Sherlock’s deluded, death-seeking imagination. “Right under my nose.”
“I understand,” Sherlock had nodded, and forced a small smile, glancing up at John, their eyes meeting, a kaleidoscope of green and silver and blue coming face to face with a swarming, stormy, navy sea.
Sherlock glanced down at his feet and rubbed at the love bite now marring his skin, nodding slowly and sighing in defeat, "Of course I do. You never cease to remind me of their existence."
He heard shuffling and assumed Molly was nodding, too overwhelmed to actually reply. With his wide smile still intact, John ended the call and returned to his computer, gazing at the words directed toward him with pure bliss; contact. Actual social contact. Molly had been commenting on the anonymous dancer’s videos since the beginning and yet he’d never respond - not once. Not even a simple,
,” along with a contact photo that appeared to be a stock image of what looked like a giant piece of cake. Or was that a pie? Narrowing his eyes in amusement, John got to his feet and slipped out of his bedroom, strolling mindlessly towards the bathroom door and approaching with ease, his hand lifted to knock in warning, phone in his hand, still singing noisily.
She reached back to tie her hair in a small bun and then came to a stop right beside John, placing an arm around his shoulders and shooting him a comforting half-smile, “Excited?”
,” Molly exclaimed, laughter in her bright, exhilarated voice, and she bounced in place, turning to Greg and shaking him gently, “I love this song! We
a melody he’d been meaning to dance to for ages now and leaned over to click the record button on the top of his camcorder.
John rolled his eyes, glancing around to see if any of the boy’s were paying him any attention, before his eyes settled on a distant figure, yet again lugging a rather large duffle bag beside him, his long, spindly legs carrying him forwards rather quickly in a direction he seemed quite set on. John swallowed, resisting the urge to run across the field and join him on his quest to wherever he was headed.
Sherlock jolted a bit in surprise before turning to fully face John and smirking a bit, stance shy and timid, eyes drifting to the silver metal block on wheels and back to John, as though thinking of a way to respond. John spared him the worry.
Sooner than he’d expected, and certainly sooner than he’d hoped, John was turning to the camera with a small, comforting smile, eyes sparkling, “I just want to say thank you to each and every one of you for watching. Leave a comment detailing an experience you had, or are currently having, in secondary school, and leave a like for Sherlock’s brilliance.”
John hummed softly and shook his head, sighing and pushing aside his anxiousness and need to discover who this person was and where he came from. The boy's bio on his channel's home page gave nothing away. John had read it time and time again, eyes roving down every word and always trying to make something out of nothing.
Within an instant, eager to keep from hearing John’s response, whatever it may be, Sherlock jumped to his feet, barely meeting John’s eyes as he turned away from the table, swallowing and clearing his throat, keeping his head downcast, “Enjoy the rest of your lunch, John.”
John beamed at the sight, admiring the grace with which Sherlock slept, the entirety of his body appearing light and soft, not a sign of fear nor distrust nor loneliness present that John normally saw hidden in the mask Sherlock eagerly aimed to put on everyday. The rugby captain turned to glance at the time. Little after eight. Should he wake him? John supposed it would be the proper thing to do; he didn’t know what Sherlock’s plans were, his parents could want him home, he could have other things to do, homework, or chores, or something in the early hours of tomorrow. But selfishly, John wanted to let him sleep, let him doze on until Sunday morning, let him miss whatever he may have to do, because John didn’t want him to leave. Ever, frankly. Sherlock’s presence was not one that agitated John, nor did it wear him out. Sherlock’s presence instead felt natural, it felt right and normal and John was beginning to crave it, crave that laugh and that pointed smirk and that shy glance away and that ever present blush.
sweet sorrow I suppose,” The brunette smirked, charming and full of snark, and John found himself chuckling, shaking his head at the wit of his joke before he allowed his fingers to softly rub circles into the warmth of Sherlock’s hips, despite the cold, dampness of the fabric beneath.
The rugby captain lifted his eyes to her and scowled, crossing his arms over his chest in a pout and turning away from her smirk, clearing his throat as she tossed a rather classy button-down his way, the fabric soft and a shade of navy blue where it landed atop the side of his head.
He let out a laugh and lunged forward, dropping his legs and resting his crossed arms on the table. "Everyone instantly groans at the very mention of the thing; amazing isn't it?" He bit his lip and shrugged, "I genuinely don't have any personal vendettas towards the subject, but it says a lot about me when I say that my favorite part of the class is having the calculator in front of me and slowly, painfully, discovering what each and every button can do."
John swore beneath his breath and took off after him, sprinting from his room and in pursuit of the boy, his fingers shaking just slightly with the adrenaline of his discovery and the overwhelming notion of it all. Of course it was him — who else made sense? It was all so very clear now, to John. Everything was clear, and real, and he understood. He truly understood even if he wasn’t sure what there was to understand.
He listened intently to what was being said, as he grew closer to the table, a plate and a chair awaiting his arrival, a fork and knife laid out as well, taunting him, mocking him from afar. Sherlock didn’t comment on the conversation as he reached for the chair and pulled it back, slowly sitting down, brows furrowed as he felt both Molly’s and Haymitch’s eyes on him.
John cleared his throat, irritation twisting his features into a soft scowl, “Why the hell does it matter? We’re friends.”
Molly threw back her head as she guffawed, chestnut brown hair sliding off her shoulders to hang behind her before she composed herself, smiling shyly and turning away from the mirror to better face John, "As enlightening as that idea is, I need your opinion."
Sherlock stood from the bed and strolled over to John, and, as if by instinct, John scooted to the very edge of his chair, leaving a small ledge of room for Sherlock to plant himself onto, their hips pressed tight against one another, and their ankles hovering near under the desk. He felt himself blush and he looked up into the lens of the camcorder, officially in view, the entirety of his sharp cheekbones, messy chocolate curls, and ethereal eyes soon to be revealed to the public eye — no going back now.
Sherlock couldn’t help but scoff, the sound that escaped him bitter and harsh, but he didn’t care. He had thought more of Mycroft; he had thought him smart, a right genius, perhaps even smarter than he, but here he was thinking up fantasies and expecting the impossible.
He huffed and glanced at his phone, pointedly ignoring the unread messages and checking the time. He sighed, nodding once and grabbing his notebook, shoving the old thing into his black backpack and hoisting it over his shoulder, before slipping over to the opposite corner of his barren bedroom and grabbing his pre-packed duffle bag. He’d call Ms. Hudson on his way to school and see if he could reserve the studio for an hour or two - he could do this. Since when did he care so heavily about what John Watson thought of his videos? Before yesterday, he hadn't even known he watched them. So, what did it matter? He had 4,909 other subscribers who were waiting for something new, another video to watch, another composition to listen to.
Sherlock nodded, because there was no doubt that he wouldn’t. He’d go anywhere, if he knew John Watson was waiting on the other side.
At the time, Redbeard was no longer around to keep him company — nor to keep his emotions in check. With his dog’s passing, he’d lost not only his only friend, but also his ability to cope. Redbeard had been his rock, strong and quiet and prepared to listen, and without it, his emotions fell flat.
Sherlock made it a self-proclaimed mission to know the very exact details, no matter how minute, of whatever he partook in or believed may some day come into a situation of grave importance. It wasn’t in his nature to experience anything in which he was absolutely clueless; he didn’t like spontaneity or events that left him whirling and perplexed — it was terrifying; being out of the loop, standing still, brain vacant, transfixed by the unknown, frozen in place by the fear of not understanding, not comprehending.
“Relax, darling,” She purred, shaking her head, “I won’t steal your wonder boy from you. He’s beautiful, of course, but I do like my conquests endowed with a different set of
“Yeah, no problem,” John grinned politely, his eyes roaming over Sherlock’s awkward sitting position, his hooded sweatshirt, dirty Converse and skinny jeans, the way he was nibbling nervously on his bottom lip and fiddling with the corner of a tattered, rather worn down notebook.
Sherlock whirled to face her, dark curls bouncing across his forehead as he watched her curiously, skeptically, "What?"
Sherlock turned to him with an affronted glare, as though John had just insulted his mother, curls flat and curled against his forehead.
Ignore the blue eyes that were practically mini oceans – withholding so much mystery, so much wonder, so much unknown and unshed beauty. Ignore the shape of those plush lips, and the curve of those rugby trained calves, and the joyous harmony of that laugh, or the sun stroked surface of that blonde hair, or that – oh, for fuck’s sake.
A hand slamming onto the dirty window of the tattered Toyota jolted him back to life, and he looked up, coming face to face with an amused, yet utterly enthused, Molly Hooper, of whom was mouthing and yelling muffled, impatient words at him through the glass. He chuckled to himself and shut off the car’s engine, grabbing for his backpack and opening the door, slipping out and locking the vehicle behind him.
— he should’ve been able to deduce the fact, easily; instead he’d gotten himself worked up over a threat that wasn’t even there. John really
“You simply got lucky. Twenty-four years ago, when it was just you and that girl left. Only minutes before you became a victor,” Sherlock continued, ignoring his silly attempt to mock him.
Molly dropped her gaze and chewed on her bottom lip, as though desperately looking for something to say, some way to help — why did she bother?
John blinked and then snorted, bobbing his head and smirking at Sherlock’s amusingly confused expression, “Of course, though I think that’s a given.”
Sherlock had frowned, and went to speak, a response on his lips, but John quickly lifted his hand and continued.
? Sherlock didn’t think the idea was physically nor mentally possible. John Watson was far too all-consuming, far too wonderfully ardent of a human being to bore of. Besides — Sherlock
He gave up on desperately trying to hide his blush, his pale cheeks contrasting only too well with the swell of pinks and reds he felt heating up beneath his skin. Did John really
With a sigh of relief, glad to have another dance crossed off his infamous list, he crossed the studio floor, detached his camcorder, folded up his tripod, snatched up his phone, and grabbed for his duffle, reaching down to pull out his discarded shirt, wiping across his bare chest and face, before putting his things away.
John blanched, “Oh.” He then frowned, expression hardening at the thought slamming against his heart, “Sherlock, he didn’t —“
John jerked back lightly in surprise and swallowed thickly, his body fluttering at the sight of the boy in front of him. All sharp edges and angular curves, high cheekbones and a perfectly sculpted visage, eyes like galaxies and seas combined, lips parted to perfection and - John really needed to stop.
, and that spun his mind unforgivingly, leaving him in a state of both shock and self-pride - he’d done it. Something about him was special - something about him intrigued the most talented man he’d ever bore witness to. The man of whom had somehow weaved his way into John’s every thought. A man that practically breathed wonder and mystery.
“And they said he was boring; that his violin was antique and that classical music was music to go to sleep to.”
The reply was confident and to the point, an end to the conversation, a solid statement that left John entranced, that left him thinking, and reeling, and his heart clenching over the very fact that
John licked his lips in thought, rather pleased to be learning so much about the closed-off and guarded Sherlock Holmes, praising his past self for sneakily obtaining Sherlock’s phone number. Inhaling sharply, John slowly formulated a response, feeling obliged to offer a bit about himself in turn.
“Well, he doesn’t want me to make it my job. To rely on it, or whatever. He wants me to have a backup plan because, in his words, ‘
"Your boy again?" Ms. Hudson's voice jolted him out of his mindless gawking and he turned to quickly stare up at her from where he was kneeling beside his bag, blushing pink under her scrutiny. She caught up on his shameful gaze and snickered quietly, shrugging her shoulders and turning to open the exit door, "Stop watching him through a screen when you can just see him in person."
When he opened his eyes, Sherlock saw the small thirteen year old making her way out of the crowd, walking the straight, bare pathway toward the woman on the stage, her light brown hair swaying, braided neatly for the occasion, and her cheeks white, blanched in fear. Sherlock had only spoken to her a handful of times. Sometimes she joined Molly on their walks to Sherlock's house, always asking him stupid questions and pointing out little details about the weather or the trees or the birds, things Sherlock found incredibly useless. But she was nice, and kind, and far too young to die.
“And last, but certainly not least,” Greg snickered, using the hand not clutching cards, to point elegantly, “Carl Powers, Vice President of the debate club and fastest swimmer on Baker’s swim team.”
Okay; I'm not going to fill this notes section with excuses but I am going to give a massive apology for the insanely long hiatus this fanfic took. Lots of life happened as I'm sure you all understand. I NEVER forgot about this little thing though. Nor all of your support and comments and love. I still had people messaging me on my Instagram asking for more and that means the absolute world to me. All I can hope for is that you all didn't give up on me too much! Because here I am. I'm excited to be back and going on this. Thank you to those of you who are still here and were so incredibly patient and understanding.
a boy in many fond ways, he’d be disowned and forever declared a nonexistent member of the Watson household. He shrugged off the depressing thought and faced Molly once more.
And Sherlock stared for a good while, deciding, debating, questioning his right to ask, wondering over whether or not John wanted him to ask — because Sherlock desperately wanted to remain here with John. He didn’t want to sneak in and past his drunk uncle asleep on the living room couch, he didn’t want to lock his door and cower in his room with a book pressed to his chest, and he didn’t want to spend the entirety of his Sunday sitting at Speedy’s or alone on the wooden floor of some dance studio — he wanted to be here. With John, and his sister, and their cups of tea, and their teasing and John’s warm smiles. He wanted, and he wanted
"That was weird." Mike snorted, catching up to him and walking beside his team captain as they headed out the two doors that served as the entrance to the gym, turning and sauntering in the direction of the large, green field where a few of their team members already sat, stretching.
“Because they don’t see it that way, do they?” Sherlock stated firmly, shrugging a single shoulder before lifting his legs up onto the seat and hugging them against his chest, lips pursed and expression eerily blank.
Sherlock bobbed his head once in response, slipped out of the vehicle, shivered as the cold bit at his nimble form, and sauntered towards his front door, fighting the urge to turn around, and get right back into the ugly, old car.
John nodded and swallowed before reciting, "Someone told me to 'steal Coach the Roach's TARDIS and vlog the entire thing.'"
Sherlock stared at the boy next to him, took in the swoop of his edged jaw, the curve of his throat, the lashes atop his eyelids that stood soft and gentle against the tan nature of his complexion; he stared at the warmth behind that gaze and felt his heart soar.
Molly groaned and sat up a little straighter, tucking a strand of her chestnut hair behind her ear and shrugging her shoulders, rolling her eyes up at the ceiling before stating, “Halfway done but positively miserable.”
"I just love that," She smiled happily, before inhaling sharply, expression falling just slightly, and Sherlock instantly braced himself.
They carried on that way for what felt like, to Sherlock, not long enough — a mere few minutes of chatter feeling so very sincere, so very right, that Sherlock felt as if he could sit there forever, watching
Sherlock was both irritated and surprised with himself. Irritated because bloody hell he'd made a complete fool of himself in front of John Watson, the John Watson. And surprised because he'd never thought he would even be able to manage an entire sentence towards the boy without hyperventilating.
“I’ve wanted to kiss you for so long,” John whispered gently, staring into the bright eyes that looked back at him with admiration and desire and trust and warmth —
John couldn’t help but giggle at her reiteration, both happy with himself and embarrassed, smirking and placing a hand over his face to rub at his cheek, in a feeble attempt to rid it of its pink shade, “I didn’t go overboard?”
“Mike,” John cleared his throat, glancing briefly at Sherlock who merely swallowed and stared down at his shoes, before he gestured to the alien in his friend's grasp, “Didn’t realize you were the clingy type.”
,” John began, kinder this time, not harsh nor demanding — simply soft, inviting, comforting —and he placed a gentle, loose palm on Sherlock’s far too bony shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly and bending a bit to stare into the face he held so fixed to the floor, “Just tell me who it was. Please?”
. He felt his heart stop, his veins run icy with fear and within an instant he was wrapping his arms around himself, leaping to his feet and swallowing thickly, standing above the statue that John Watson had become and allowing his mind and body to crumble.
John snorted and shook his head, setting his cup back on Molly’s desk, eyes glaring playfully at his best friend’s back, and reaching into his back pocket for his phone, opening Twitter to lazily scrolling through his feed, “It was definitely not a date.”
The captain froze and arched a brow, glancing over his shoulder rather unenthusiastically as he called out to Seb, a deep swell of unease forming in his gut, “What the hell are you on about?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sauntered over to John’s side, leaning against the counter and watching as the rugby captain began placing one strip, two strips, three strips of bacon into the pan, expression concentrated, focused, thoroughly fixated on what his hands and fingers did whilst hovering atop the hot stove plate.
The dark-haired dancer blushed at that and looked away once more, sighing softly and shaking his head, aware of the other two still sat at their table staring steadily at the developing conversation.
Placing his foot on the brake as they slowed before a stoplight, John turned a bit to Sherlock, brows furrowed in concern, heart beating a little more rapidly as those ethereal eyes dropped over the entirety of John’s small form. “I’d hope so,” John scoffed, and smiled a less confident smile, the ends curving downwards slightly with the sudden weight of the conversation.
John Watson slid the zipper down and dropped the bag to the floor, pale pink dancer’s shoes greeting him as he stared into the casing, jaw dropping in utter shock at the final confirmation, his heart fluttering far to quickly in his chest.
He grinned as Sherlock chuckled under his breath, and went to turn around, striding back towards the field, but not before throwing a quick, “
James grinned at his question and sat up in his seat, mouth stretching wildly across his expression, wolfish and overbearing, “Load of people. Mike says he wants it to be pretty damn memorable. It’s an important game, of course, so — it’s gotta be an important party.”
Special thanks to my girlfriend Emily, and best friend Vee for always reading my chapters as I work on them. I get so insecure about my writing sometimes, and with them practically beta-reading everything for me, I feel a whole ton better. <3 I love you both.
’ folder of his brain; the only thing important in the given moment was the velvet smooth tone of John’s voice.
John turned and glared at her as he finished pulling his science notebook out of his school bag, watching as she shrugged innocently at him. He snorted fondly and shooed her away with a small flick of his hand, "Go on. Don't you have a job to get to?"
John sighed as he watched the video transition into shades of beige and soft grey, the man, bare chested, dancing across the wood coated studio clad in black tights and pink ballet shoes, his face utterly unreadable, blurred out purposefully with the right amount of skill applied to his editing. John narrowed his eyes, studying the being carefully, watching the stretch of his muscles, the ripple of them beneath the black material. He was a complete stranger with no identifiable qualities apart from a rather decent sized bee tattoo, all realistic and detailed, spanning across the lower half of his back.
The tension’s hold on John’s expression instantly broke as a wide smile corrupted the anger in his features, teeth bared brightly as he nodded his head in pure gratitude for his friend. Greg was a good lad – he’d known him since his start at the school, gotten to know him better through rugby, and become even closer through simple self-expression. Greg didn’t judge, unlike practically everyone else at Baker.
Molly let out a loud giggle and slapped a hand to her mouth, shaking her head in amusement and grinning down at him, "You asked for it, making jokes like that. Now they all know you watch Doctor Who."
To John, he is invaluable and that is a sensation he’s never been made aware of in all his moments spent breathing atop the earth.
“Do I what?” John swallowed, blinking at his friend curiously before going back to observing the same brick structure off in the distance, spotting the dance instructor slowly making her way to the staff parking lot, dainty and timid in her floral dress, a small purse tucked up to her side - John hated always being one of the last few people on campus.
Greg didn’t look revolted nor disgusted nor perturbed — which John knew he wouldn’t be, not after his words only days before, but he didn’t expect his friend to look so
He jolted to life and turned, eyes narrowed as they landed on the small shape of Molly Hooper, a girl he thoroughly recognized — she and John spent quite a bit of time together, and she was in several of his classes, always smiling politely his way no matter the circumstances, or whether he even bothered to smile back. Swallowing thickly, he gave her a short once over — chestnut hair in a bun, yellow dress sprawled out around her, a fluffy black jacket keeping her warm, charcoal colored boot clad feet — and then simply turned back to the ongoing rugby match, hoping that if he ignored her long enough, she’d disappear.
“Sherlock!” John practically shouted, wide grin still present on his face as he stared at Sherlock with an expression of incredulity, and utter amusement.
“Your sister,” Sherlock uttered, more in conclusion to himself rather than directed at John, but the blonde nodded still, and let out a weary sigh.
“Said I’d been out snogging Jessica Hamm the night before and not my girlfriend,” Bill scoffed, gesturing wildly with his hands as though he had no clue where Sherlock had gotten that idea.
of it,” He spat out in rebuttal, glancing back to see the dark-haired boy smirking at him, his appearance entirely clean and untouched, a stark contrast to Sebastian, “God forbid Baker has
He watched as Sherlock shook against his car’s tattered, old seats, his clothing darkening its hue as droplets of water slid from the hem of his shirt and the fabric of his jeans. He had his damp duffle bag tucked tight between his legs, his palms back on the heater, his eyes shut as he breathed deeply and seemingly focused on the silence looming over them, aside from the low lull of the radio, a spokesman raving on about his quality product.
,” John said, and Sherlock startled a bit, jumping from his skin before he tugged the pillow in his arms closer and nodded.
John nodded and lifted his hand to point at the pink alien tucked under Mike’s arm. “Who’s your friend?”
The small girl hummed to herself and bobbed her head to the side thoughtfully, loosening her grip a little on the poor mobile in her pale hand, “I suppose it is rather coincidental.”
He collected a bottle of water, deciding to skip out on a carton of milk, coming to the conclusion that it may disagree with the baked beans and mash, and turned to leave the dining hall line, facing the entirety of the large room with a brave face, glancing at the many students giggling, rolling their eyes, shoving at one another, standing and tossing their trays carelessly. He held back a laugh, similar thoughts from his observations earlier rushing to the forefront of his mind — he’d half assumed everyone to be sat sipping tea and cutting scones with a knife and fork when he’d decided on eating dinner in the hall tonight. This was like his old secondary school — angry kids lugging food about like it was meant to fly instead of be digested.
