They stare into each other’s eyes in the soft pool of light. “Now if you’d said colitis interruptus…”
The medic nodded and climbed lightly into the ambulance. A few minutes later Crowley slammed the door and watched it pull slowly into the traffic.  He looked around him for his colleagues and spotted Winchester talking to the FP’s assistant, what was her name, some Irish concoction, O’Dowd, O’Connell… whatever.  Short of sticking her tongue in his ear, her body language couldn’t get much more obvious.  Interesting.  It would do him good to have a distraction.
“It’s Alfie, CJ.” Castiel frowns, why is the barman from the club ringing him from Bal’s gallery. The young man sounds more than a little strained. In the background, Castiel can hear the hubbub of chinking glass and crockery. Followed by the definite thud of someone dropping something heavy and Castiel winces as Alfie barely covers the phone in time to shout, “Careful with that!”
“Yeah, baby. Sam could, too. Crowley told me he didn’t mind me bringing in more people, so long as they were loyal.”
Balthasar lifts his head, with a distracted smile as Castiel shucks off his shoes and drops his keys into the metal dish in the hall. “You’re back early…” his voice trails away and his expression changes to one of concern. He has already closed half the space between them, “Sweetheart, what happened? Is it Bart? Has he been pestering you again?”
Anna noticed over the next few weeks that she was never left alone at work.  Castiel was determined to stay late or be working in the vicinity whenever she was potentially alone.
He winked at her and it was the final straw, with a burst of rage, she flew at him, all nails and fury. This time she had his throat in both hands, and fuck what the books on forensics say about throttling someone taking strength, she was gonna choke the life out of him. He pushed with the balls of his feet and with her momentum it was enough to throw the chair and both of them over backwards. He rounded his shoulders as much as he could, letting them relax at the very last minute to try and avoid smashing his brains out on the concrete behind him, but he needn’t have worried. Missy’s arm somehow ended up behind his head, he heard it snap with a sickening crunch as it broke his fall. Her grip on his throat relaxed and he turned his head sideways towards the weird gurgling noise she was making. He stared straight into her eyes at the moment they started to go dark and slide shut. A small trail of blood running and pooling under the golden bobbling curls, where it dribbled from her mouth. If he didn’t get her airway clear she was going to drown in her own blood, but that was really the least of his problems at the moment.
"Like it's that hard to read you," Castiel says, dismissively.
He padded down the hallway in his stocking feet.  Hardly anyone was moving about at this late hour.  He fumbled through his pockets finding change, staring at the sparkling clean top of the vending machine.  With his height, he was used to seeing layers of grime on top of these things.  Kudos to the maternity unit.  They sure kept the place scrupulously clean.  He selected his drink, allowing himself a double shot of caffeine instead of decaf.  He used the cold water feed to take it down to drinking temperature and sipped at it as he walked back past the recreation room.  A nervous man was rubbing his wife’s back as she wandered about, clearly in the early stages, using the tv as a distraction from the increasingly intense contractions.
warnings at the end...
Immediately, two things happened: the men nodded and let them in, and Dean’s blood ran cold.
It was four weeks since he felt Cas disappear from his arms into the embrace of the ocean. Four weeks of feeling empty and lost. He sat in the scruff at the edge of the dunes every day for the first two weeks. Until Sam intervened as only Sam could, by setting Cara on him. Reminding him that he loves and is loved elsewhere. He misses Cas with an intensity that makes no sense at all. But love has never made sense. And that is it. Against all rhyme and reason he does love Cas. He's lucky he has this outlet for his emotions. So he sat down at his desk and pulled round his pad. The bare white page staring back at him, he reached for
Dean huffed a little.  He didn’t like relying on other people, that was the problem,  he didn’t like it one little bit.  Relaxing his guard and relying on other people had only ever got him into worse trouble.
“Well that is fortunate,” Crowley had smiled graciously, “Our physician will be in a position to see Mr WInchester tomorrow. If you would like to call tomorrow lunchtime I will be able to let you know whether it’s worth you coming back tomorrow afternoon.”
U want the cherry? Benny says perfect 4 stoop seat
“Oh, of course!” Sammy says suddenly sounding excited, “you’re gonna spend it with Cas?”
Dean stared up into a pair of sharp eyes, shining with animal cunning and pleasure at what was happening. Three on one. The story of all his defeats just lately. There was always one damned smart ass, just when you were starting to get somewhere.
Cas shakes his head. “Not funny Claire, not funny,” but he’s still smiling. He’ll gladly be the butt of all her jokes and teasing so long as she is happy here with him.
Cas sighed.  He had always looked up to Michael.  He had never really known Luci all that well, he was already the black sheep of the family by the time Cas came along.
“Hello, Mr Parker. It’s good to see you, sir.”
He swallowed heavily, his whole body felt too heavy as if someone had replaced his bones with concrete.  He lifted a shaky hand and tried to open his eyes, but his eyelids were even heavier than his arms.  They flickered, light forming bright hexagons at the edges of his vision as he blinked them open with real effort, and his brain began to sear at the sudden brightness.
“Besides seeing you get a haircut?!” He laughed at the mild bitch face. God damn he missed his brat of a brother.
They had already covered quite a lot of ground. Her whereabouts at the time in question, her last visit to the penthouse, the last time she had seen and last spoken to her husband. The fact that they had an ‘open’ marriage, which in practice meant that Drew played the field in London, while she lived her quiet, comfortable life in Surrey, arranging the church flowers, partnering the local solicitor at bridge amongst other things and generally presenting an outwardly respectable façade to the neighbours in Godalming.
look. It was the look that said she wasn’t buying it and if he carried on trying it, he might just live to regret it.
He rounds the corner of the building and realises Cas has been busy in the ten or so minutes he has been with Benny. The grill has been doused with sand and besides a few divots in the soft sand, there is little sign that they were out here. The beach chairs are neatly folded on the stoop and their empty bottles are stashed in a bucket beside the door ready to go for recycling.
The influence of the collar was weakening with every step he took, it had latched onto the darkness that boiled through him. A congealing, heavy liquid that threatened to flow through him ever since he had destroyed Her and Her family. The moment he sensed Her evil touching Dean, he was almost helpless to stop himself, feeling his anger flow deep into his core and draw out his powers, like a syringe drawing blood. Unnatural and uncomfortable, like someone had found everything remotely bad inside him and syphoned it out to reap destruction on anything it touched.
Dean opens the door and drops his arm, stepping aside to let his visitor enter.
The bar was busy.  The clientele mixed, ages, types.  Dean laughed,  now it was Cas who looked hesitant and uncomfortable.  “Anyone would think you’d never been in a bar before…” he murmured.
“Not bad.”
“I’ve no idea.  Sorry chap, but even if I didn’t have to put the patient first, I have to be honest you wouldn’t get anything out of him anyway.  He’s utterly unresponsive and maybe for some time.”
Cas’ thumb caressed Dean’s cheek. He leaned in for a kiss; a slow one, sweet, gentle. Like the lovers they were.
“We think so.  There’s a Fed on the case.  Lomax. And this is where it gets interesting, his boss, Henrikson was pulled from the kidnap investigation, but this Agent Lomax was asking Mr Fitzgerald a lot of questions about the weeks you spent there.  Henrikson was in Vegas when you were being interviewed, before they pulled him off the case.”
“You two,” he smiled more widely, “covering your love with squabbles and affectionate meanness. It’s kind of endearing as if you never developed your relationship past your teens.”
Dean shook his head, this case was one long convoluted game of chess, with too many damned players.  He had heard enough speculation for now.  His head was spinning as it was.  He pressed his fingertips to his temples and circled them slowly, appraising Spengler, in his sharp new suit and cheap shirt.  “You keep saying ‘we’. Harry, who is we?  How long exactly have you been a lawyer?”
Sam shook his head. “Not unless and until they cross the state line.”
By the time everyone had calmed back down, and Ellen had been convinced that Ash was not spying on her, but protecting her business and her family, Ash had pulled open his battered old, sticker covered laptop and they were all watching as Castiel was very clearly abducted from the diner, by a surprisingly strong, small female.
“Seattle?  Why… what… Why?”
“He’s fine, Cas.  Absolutely fine.”
He swings himself upright and the wood under his feet is cool and he fumbles under the bed for the flip flops he uses as slippers. He can’t find them. The air carries the promise of the colder weather to come and he shivers as he discards the covers. Goosebumps raising in creeping tides over his skin. He’s almost afraid to call out, but he does anyway, “Cas?”
“Ah,” Dean conceded. “Him, I do know a bit about. Besides him being a total douche and all. He has to be about the worst operative, in the history of operatives, and that’s even allowing for the fictional ones who do it for comic effect like Clouseau and Johnny English…” Missy grabbed his chin again and he winced this time, as she deepened and widened the split on his lip. Eyes boring into his. “Much as I love all this foreplay, sweetheart. I do at least like to have the name to forget after we get to the main event…”
The first blow to his stomach winded him before two more quick jabs to his ribs took his breath away completely.  He sagged between them, as fingers twined into his short hair and dragged his head back.  He stared back at the unfocused eye mere inches from his own, gritting his teeth waiting for the next blow.  The backhander exploded his cheek and rang through his ears.
“No, of course you don't, for sure, you are the king of communication and you absolutely never jump to the wrong conclusions or let your critically low self-esteem affect your perception of events…”
“...so we started at the maximum circuit on all intersections in the span from North to East and worked backwards until we picked them up…”
“Hm?” She was distracted.
He sees the exact moment that Castiel withdraws. Watches his excitement dim and it may be fanciful, but he is sure he can see the brilliant blue eyes he loves so much dull as the spark in them fades. But there’s no space or time to put things right with Benny here, so he does the only thing he can do and stomps up the steps of the stoop with their supplies.
“Quite correct Mr Winchester. Now please explain to the Prince, what his misdemeanour was.”
It rang only twice before it was answered. “Hello Detective.”
By the time the two of them carried three hot drinks back into the media centre that had become HQ, the video conference had already started.
'I cannot believe you hit that!' Castiel exclaimed with a broad smile on his handsome face. 'It must be twenty yards!'
'Not for several weeks now.'
He was the perfect gentleman, putting her into her cab with a polite peck on the cheek, and a promise to call soon.  She flopped back in the seat, with the miserable feeling that she had done something wrong.
He stretched to his full height and rolled his shoulders. Outside the sky had clouded, the contrast between light and shadows in the kitchen muted and grey. He fumbled around for his phone. A quarter after two. He had been working solidly for over five hours. He swallowed the last of the cold coffee and dumped his mug in the sink, snagging himself a couple of rectangular shaped cookies straight out of the packet. Biscuits, he corrected himself idly, as he stared at the relief pattern of a landscape of a cow in the fields. They even had a frame. Brits. Even their fucking biscuits had classical pretensions.
” he practically hissed the words as he read the message out. “What does he mean Sammy? Why is Cas saying he’s sorry? Why isn’t he gonna get the chance to tell me in person. What do I have to forgive? What the fuck has he done? Where’s Cas, Sammy? Where is he?”
Gabe had managed to sleep on the flight, but he was beginning to feel the exhaustion now. He read the update from Kali again. He could manage to stay awake another couple of hours. Then he would know, one way or another and he would have to decide whether to wake Cas and Sam or let them both sleep. It depended he supposed on whether he had good news to tell them. If it wasn't maybe he should let them both sleep as long as possible to delay the inevitable flood of grief.
“Touché.”
The prison laundry was hot, as always. The smell of body odour mingling unpleasantly with the distinctive scent of industrial grade detergent hanging in the humid atmosphere. Machines droned and hummed; Crowley had to raise his voice to be heard.
Adler’s nasal tones answered him, “I take it then, you want me to proceed as planned, with his removal.”
Just out of his eye line he could see the guards stood on the opposing walkway.  The wing had cells only down one side.  The ground level was several feet below, with the arbitrary metal netting to prevent anyone leaping over the rail to the floor below.  A steel walkway ran around the walls of the building.  The guard stations were opposite the cells, presumably for ease, so that the guards could watch all the cells at once.
“I’d offer you a coffee,” Crowley said, “but I don’t think I can cope with the disappointed tutting and subsequent sulking.”
“Morning, Sunshine,” Dean slurred, sitting up and throwing aside the blanket he had used to cover himself where he lay on top of the covers on Cas’ bed.  “After the fourth time you woke me screaming in your sleep, this was just easier…”
Behind them someone shouts over the maelstrom of noise. “Praise the Lord and The Leader. CASTIEL IS SAFE.”
He hadn’t needed the sheriff to escort him over the town boundary, he was leaving anyway; goodbyes said, fresh laundry packed away in his duffel, fuel tank full, his meagre belongings already carefully stowed into the trunk.  It was best when you made your living doing casual work and hustling, never outstaying your welcome. He had to admit, he’d reached the limit of goodwill in that particular town.
A flashback, vivid and harsh, forced its way into his thoughts.  The determined, cold look on his brother, Raphael’s, face as he entered the kitchen, the shock as he was grabbed and forced down onto the floor.  The harshness and tight pinch of the hands gripping him as he fought against them.  His satisfaction at breaking one arm free and the crunch of cartilage as his elbow made contact with a face short-lived and spoiled by the roughness with which his sleeve had been yanked up.  The deep burning scratch on his arm, then everything was swimming away… his last proper recollection his brother’s voice instructing them to ‘make sure there was no trail, no mistake.’
“He’s been arrested?  You have to get me out of here.  I have to speak to the DA!” He snatched against the restraints and struggled to sit up.
Dean dropped back against the wall between the beds and pulled Cas into him, cradling him, stroking his face and hair, as he sobbed, great racking sobs, soaking Dean’s neck and T-shirt as he let himself be turned and held tight. Gradually, slowly he calmed, coming back to himself from the horrors of the nightmare.  Dean felt the subtle change, as Cas regained control of himself, one moment he was clinging to Dean for all he was worth, the next he was pulling away, and Dean relinquished his hold and let his arms drop.
“Chyort voz’mi! There have been so many things happening. At first I thought I was just being paranoid, they seemed to know so much about my life, but I assumed maybe it was just because I’ve lived in the public eye for so long, but some of the things they brought up... I just couldn’t see where they got it from. I started to suspect everyone around me, that’s when I asked Charlie if she could help me. I wanted to know who was speaking to them, but it was worse than that, so much worse. They hacked my emails and bugged my phone. They broke into my home, Dean! There’s so much, so many dirty tricks and… it all leads back to them.”
“I didn’t believe it when my Margie told me,” the old man gushed as he came within earshot. “I was convinced she must be wrong.” Dean noticed that the dark-haired man beside him was blushing. It was strangely endearing to see the softy tanned cheeks flushed with high points of scarlet and the normally passive face looking so bashful. “I told her it couldn’t be you, and yet, as I live and breathe, here you are, larger than life.”
Dean nodded, biting his lip.
“Good, good, and, of course, his brother will be able to follow the concussion guidance I have no doubt you will provide, Ephraim… Besides you will be somewhat busy taking care of Mr Lafitte, what with his loss of memory following the nasty blow he took to the head during an altercation involving two of my officers. An injury he sustained, I might add, while demonstrating his usual exemplary bravery, assisting the officer to restrain his colleague, despite being shackled throughout. Action, which I will, of course, be ensuring is brought to the attention of the parole board when they convene next week. I’m sure you will find that he requires your careful medical supervision for, oh I don’t know, shall we say at least the next two weeks.”
She looked up a little startled as his door swung open and he strode out of his office. “No, it’s OK, Amy. I’m going out for a stroll, I’ll call in on the fifth floor on my way out.” He smiled briefly at her.  “I’ll be back for my 2 o’clock, and Amy,” he paused and waited until she looked up, “Cancel my travel plans.  I don’t think I need to go to Seattle after all.”
He actually thought for a brief second about saying no, just because he was fairly certain that Novak was only making it a question out of some weird sense of politeness and had known damn well that he would like it before he had even tried it, let alone thought about it himself.
“YOU’RE LYING,”  Cas shouted.  “She’s not like that!”
He turned quickly and walked away fists clenched so tightly that he could feel his fingernails cutting into his palms, painfully aware of the blue eyes trained on his retreating figure.
Cas shrugs. His expression: A little too carefully controlled. Dean isn’t fooled for a moment. They may not see each other as often as they once did, but Dean can see the grief and pain just under the stoic facade.
“I’m going to tell you something,  I don’t normally feel comfortable sharing, but I think you will understand,” Castiel said finally looking away into the middle distance, his eyes focusing somewhere amongst the cherry blossoms. “I find it utterly terrifying. I have spent a lot of the last decade and a half wishing to the hell that I could just switch it off, but I can’t. I hid from my family after New York. I hid from the world, but ultimately I still know, and not doing anything… but you know this, this drives you too, doing nothing… it just isn’t an option, is it?”
“Ok, so, much of their evidence is circumstantial or explainable, we know all about the fingerprint evidence, you lived in that apartment and were a regular visitor to the gallery, so all that proves is what we already know and the available surveillance footage shows. You had been present in both locations.”
'Gabriel will deliver some items to you in the next few days,' Dean explained, 'and if you have the time, I could do with a new dagger.'
Lomax nodded, keying the numbers into Henrikson's phone so that if Jody called back his own line was free.  He knew that once he made this call, they were no longer just off the page, they were out of the atlas and in all probability, his career was over.
“I told you Sammy’s good…” Dean began with pride.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, Cas-” he moaned, arching his back and pushing back against Cas.
The sun was just rising over the hills when they reached the coast. Dean apologising softly to Baby as he drove her into the sandy parking lot as close the dunes as he could get. With Sam’s help he lifted Cas from the back seat, carrying him bridal style along the path, his feet sinking deeper the further he went.
“I was given a pile of sightseeing leaflets when I checked into the hotel,” Cas said out of nowhere. “I noticed the National Theatre and the London Library are collaborating on an exhibition about Cicero, it looked extremely interesting.”
Not for the first time, he sat at his desk, staring at an empty page. His last mumbled words on the beach clattering around his brain. “So dawn goes down to day, nothing gold can stay.” A memory shifts back into clarity.
“What the hell...?" he started to ask his friend, staring with concern at the marks on his face.
A low-level klaxon had been sounding, and even from his position at the door, Dean could make out the various orange suited individuals on the screens, reluctantly picking themselves up from their positions in circulation and grudgingly heading into their cells.  “Way to make a guy popular,”  Dean thought to himself.
Dean breaks the eye contact and stoops to start picking up the bags. “LaFitte,” Cas acknowledges, pulling off his hat and gloves and unravelling his scarf, dropping them to the side so he can help Dean. They bump awkwardly into one another as they both make a grab for the same sweater and Castiel says sorry for the third time in as many minutes.
He licked along his top lip, dropping his head and gazing at her from under his brows. “So tell me, Jody, to what do I owe the honour, and more importantly… what’s in it for me?”
“As it happens I do have some time to spare…”
Being in a cell with no access to outside light gave Dean no awareness of how time was passing. He pushed his body until his muscles twinged with tiredness, ate his meal and shoved the empty tray back by the door, figuring he would just have to count his time in meal trays, as the bastards had even removed his watch.
He walked towards the door, turning back briefly. “Of course, I would urge you Mr Winchester, to be a little more careful in future about your by-standing activities…they seem to have got you into a lot of...erm...unnecessariness... I wouldn’t want to see you again. Officer Bass will escort you out, in say… oh I think 30 minutes should be sufficient time for me to type up your statement of events. I’m sure you’ll be delighted to sign it as you depart. I apologise for the slight delay but I find myself short of a secretary and my typing skills are not perhaps as they should be.”
“Where are you?”
Dean glanced across, but Cas was now deeply engrossed in the exploits of La Grande Armée. “Nope.”
Director of Marketing at Angel Inc., Anna had been pleasantly surprised by Castiel.  She had thought that, as the youngest son of the corporate family, he would be a spoilt, entitled little shit, but he was actually quiet and unassuming.  Diffident and shy, he worked hard, didn’t play the nepotism card, and was really eager to learn.
It is not the weird rhythm of harsh, sibilant tones that meets his ears this time. “Is this entirely necessary, Brother Alastair?” The Leader’s voice is loud in the silence of the four walls, but Castiel stays in his place on the floor. He doesn’t even move when gentle hands touch his back. “Come Castiel, sit on the bed. Enough of this, Brother Alastair.”
Benny is still talking, uncharacteristically carrying the one-sided conversation. “I know the fee is nowhere near as much as your one to one sessions and family coaching, but I can maybe bump it up a bit… especially as I can only let you have one aide.”
He started to protest as Cas wiped his face, grabbing at the damp fabric and half-laughing as Cas smacked at his fingers and said, “Hold still you big baby.”  He stared at the cloth as it came away red and licked experimentally at the inside of his lip.  Cas was checking the back of his head, gentle fingertips parting his hair, he murmured a complaint as Cas pressed against the sore spot on the back of his head.
As Cas had talked, they had moved together, so that Dean’s arm rested around Cas’ shoulders, heavy and reassuring and safe.  Exhausted, they had both drifted off to sleep, heads resting either side of a pillow propped between them.  Cas stirred, and lifted his head, endearingly sleep filled eyes, heavily hooded, he rubbed at his face with the back of one bandaged hand.  Dean grimaced.  The bandages were soaked through again. “We need to get those cleaned up and re-dressed,” he said.
“You scared the crap out of me, Cas!” his voice is low and he knows he sounds angry. He is. Now the first flush of relief is over. He sees Castiel’s movement stall, hesitating a few feet away and he grabs him and draws him into his arms. “Don’t you ever do that to me again!” He flexes his fingers into the damp of the trenchcoat. “Waking up and finding you gone. I thought, hell, I don’t know what I thought. Every bad damn thing at once, I guess.”
His attention was drawn back to the video, their victim was talking on camera, so he turned up the volume. “…practising was never a chore; it was all I ever wanted to do.”
Jess raised her head and seeing him she smiled.  He crossed the space quickly and softly kissed his son’s downy head.
Subject: Security
“They’ve taken someone else,” Novak said, so softly that Dean barely heard him. He turned his head to look directly into Dean’s face. The blue eyes were earnest, and the face looked deeply troubled.
“That it wasn’t a speakeasy in the first place.”
Then Cas starts grabs his eyelids and pulls them open.
“Star Wars is a classic, Cas, you’re meant to enjoy it, not over analyse it.”
“Only cos I’m willing to crawl through hot coals for you…”
“Anything, Cas. You know that. For you. Anything.”
Castiel rouses in time to see Benny stretching to his feet and offering Dean a hand up from his backward sprawl on the deck chair. It’s a starlit night, with barely a moon to speak of, so he can’t see the gentle amusement in Benny’s face, but he can hear it in his voice. “G’night Cas, best be getting yourself to bed, mon ami, the sand is only comfortable for about the first hour, I promise you.”
The paramedic talking to Crowley was adamant.  “We’re transferring him to the hospital.  He is in deep, deep shock. Catatonic in fact.”
She smiled broadly and nodded sympathetically.
Bobby and Sam were video conferencing. Sam was running background checks on one Castiel Novak, at Dean’s request, and Bobby would walk through hot coals to help his boys. He and Sam were comparing notes.
“But then again… ransom?  What other reason would there be for taking the youngest son of a billionaire?” Victor sighed.  His instincts told him this was probably Castiel Angel.  “Good work, Lomax.  Let’s check out the CCTV.  I think we’ll call Laduz in to make the ID on the footage.  Wouldn’t want to bother the Misters Angel… they’re such busy men.”
“I shouldn’t have listened. I’m a terrible friend. I should be there to support him. He’s had even less sleep than I have, selfish, selfish...”
Strangely enough it was his new tendency to stay indoors that had lead to the move to the coast. His sudden apparent obedience winning him extra trust and reward. The limited freedom to wander along the beach alone, to watch the lone surfer from afar. His joy in the water. Something Castiel longed for, but could not have. But far from feeling jealous, Castiel enjoyed his easy athleticism and carefree movements. And then today, sensing something terribly wrong as he saw him from a distance, watching him fall to the sand and running as hard as he had ever run to the prone figure. His relief when Sam Winchester had opened a video call and he and Eileen had conversed. It was as if this was all predestined.
“Halfway where?”  The little wrinkle of confusion forming between his dark brows.
Raphael poured himself two fingers of Highland Park.  He softened it with a splash of water and a couple of cubes of ice, laughing softly to himself as he imagined the look of disappointment on his father’s face if he saw him drinking his fine malt on the rocks.  Stupid old fool.  The look on his face as Raphael had crimped his drip and loaded the contents of the syringe into it.  No shock, no surprise, just a knowing sadness, as if he’d been expecting it. A hint of that same disappointment in the fading blue eyes.  Raphael hissed as the honeyed malt hit his throat.  “Always a disappointment to you wasn’t I, old man,” he toasted the picture on the mantel.  “Well now who’s the failure?  You couldn’t protect your precious Amelia while you were alive, and now you can’t protect her bastard son either.”  He slugged the remainder of the drink back and threw the glass into the fireplace where it shattered with a satisfying sound, the remnants of alcohol in the glass flaring in the flames spiking from the log pile.
Crowley was in no mood to be toyed with. Benny could see his anger, thinly concealed. His whole body bristled with it. “I said ‘start talking’ and I meant it,” Crowley glowered at him. His voice still just audible, even as a machine to the right began a spin cycle.
He had barely noticed the swell of tears forming and wiped them away angrily when he realised he was crying. Snivelling in his bunk like the stupid, whining, self-pitying little coward he was.
“Is it just off or off off?”
Cas walked to him. He’d shaven; Dean could tell because the jaw on the uncovered part of his shoulder was soft, even fresh.
He collapses to the ground, dimly aware of the door bursting open. “Angel?”
It could be that despite being adamant that the two should and would get along he is jealous now that they are. But that’s ridiculous really, after all it is Cas dancing around the green eyed monster where Benny is concerned. Not Dean. So really, the only other possibility, the one he really doesn’t want to face, is that Dean reacted that way because he knows Cas won’t be here to take the work and doesn’t know how to tell him, because this is only temporary. He’s a kind and generous man, so the idea of letting Cas down is bound to make him withdraw. He doesn’t owe Cas a damn thing, he’s done so much for him already.
sorry for the delay, the next four chapters should come in fairly quick succession...
YOU OK? NEED A BREAK?
“Cassie,” Bal said softly taking a gentle grip of his elbow. “Shower! I’ll work quicker without you hovering over my shoulder.”
“Blood and natron?” Castiel says feeling his throat contract, but Spengler misses the signs, he is busy scanning the report.
The elevator ride to the upper levels seemed agonisingly slow to Cas and he fiddled with the zipper toggle on the backpack, his normally calm and stoic demeanour shot to hell.
Cas stared at Dean, whose face was contorted with a mixture of horror and creeping admiration at the sheer ingenuity of it all. It was, without doubt, the most spectacularly terrible motel room he had ever seen.  And he had seen so many.  Cas started to laugh.  Deep uncontrollable guffaws.  Dean stared back at him, and an idiotic grin spread across his features as he too started to crack. They each clutched at their ribs, unable to breathe.  Every time one or the other regained control of themselves, they shared a look or caught sight of some new horror, pointing and unable to speak, setting the other off again.
“You WILL not hurt Dean,” Castiel said sharply, and the brother shuddered, a look of shock spreading across his face. He staggered backwards.
Michael took a deep breath.  He opened his e-mails and scanned back through them.  The e-mail from accounts had sat in his in-box. It had already been opened, but nothing new in that, Amy, his PA, routinely opened and printed his e-mails for him. She had full access to everything but his private mail account. He checked the send address and looked for anything innocuous or out of place. It looked perfectly normal, but he was very aware that he wasn’t entirely sure what he was looking for.  Amongst the e-mail listing he caught the name Adler.  His reply to his request for a private meeting, scanning over the brief message referring him to the administrator, who would ‘find him the necessary files’, but that sadly the search had been ‘fruitless’, despite ‘determined efforts’ and the use of several ‘avenues of investigation.’
She pats his shoulder and sets the envelope down on his desk and is gone before he can respond, the door clicking shut behind her. It’s way too thick to just be a note. He opens it a little clumsily and a second smaller envelope drops onto the floor under his desk with a thunk. He leans back in his chair to look, but it has gone right underneath, so he opens the note instead, intent on retrieving whatever is in there after he has read it.
“Actually I was, but I think I’m...er… well I think the journey is catching up with me."
“Bad day at work? Or something more worrying?” the older man prompts gently.
His head was pounding but he was surprised to find himself not only lucid but becoming more and more so.  He expected continued sedation.  He had looked at his own bare arms for signs of injection and found only one old and fading bruise.  He had however discovered a cannula taped to the back of his hand.  Easier he guessed than oral administration or repeatedly trying to find a vein. Perhaps they had misjudged the dose or wanted him to regain his senses. They certainly appeared to have learnt not to leave him unrestrained.
“Yup.” Sam’s face beamed smugly at his brother’s image on the computer screen.
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but his voice would not come, his tongue stuck uncomfortably to his teeth.  Something soft and wet brushed against his lips and he sucked at it, supping precious fluid into his mouth, glancing sideways into eyes the blue of forget-me-nots.
“I think,” Castiel says, “that he has escaped from Quarantine. And I… I don’t know. He can’t stay here for long. I’m surprised they haven’t come looking for him already. I’m sorry Meg, I know this is a huge ask, but I have no-one else… if you don’t want to… ouch!”
Meg watched him warily. “Who?” she croaked, with a sweet smile of defiance.  The poker still raised, half club, half sword, in front of her.
Finally, all the shifts were in place, rejigging them to cover the isolation block in a prison this size was always a pain. Crowley’s careful micromanagement and seemingly magical ability to read people meant that it was rare for any prisoner to be assigned there, so it wasn’t routinely staffed. An hour or so of carefully working through the rotations and patterns and the Supervisor had managed to work it without too much stress or the need to cancel his own long overdue week of leave. He was glad. If he had gone home tonight and even so much as suggested cancelling the trip to the coast his wife would have made the inmates here look like Mary Poppins. Not being able to use either Bass or Alastair in ISO itself had added a certain piquancy to the challenge, but orders were orders and it was done.
“Not the Director of Marketing.  The ‘well-liked, been there for two decades, very well-regarded’ Head of a major department.  And she has hardly just come and gone, Michael.  She was sacked, unexpectedly and then died the day after.  That’s got to be…”
They moved steadily together, falling into old patterns so ingrained they need not even really communicate. The glow of electric lighting edged the scrappy scrub at the apex of the next incline, a crisp pure white, as neat as a gel pen outline on black sugar paper. They approached low to the ground. Peering over the ridge down onto what looked like a survivalist compound. In truth, they had taken far more fortified locations, with less preparation, but to Dean the stakes had never felt higher.
He is lost in the memory as he climbs out and opens the trunk, he hears Cas laughing, so instead of taking the groceries straight into the kitchen he hugs one of the paper bags to his hip and strolls down the side of the house to the beachside.
“No sir,”  Dean said swiftly.
“Castiel,” Meg says softly, taking his hands in her own, gently shaking them to get his attention. It jars, she never calls him Castiel, and he turns his gaze back from Jack to her.
Now he moved more freely once again, determined to go to the key safe by the door to the garages to retrieve whatever vehicle was nearest the front, intent on getting back into town, to his office, to call on the assistance of the very few people he believed he
Hannah hovers just inside, silhouetted against the frosted fossil patterns of the side panel intended to make up for the lack of window, reluctant as ever to invade his cluttered office space. “I have something for you,” she says, hands behind her back, and he assumes that maybe she has found his satchel, but when she brings her hand forward, she reveals her cargo as a thick manilla envelope. “I’m sorry for interfering, CJ, I know how closely you guard your privacy” she tells him with a gentle, placatory smile. “I don’t know what is up with you two, nor do I need to know, but you’ve been together for the longest time and I hate seeing you so unhappy.” Castiel opens his mouth to set her straight, but she presses on, “Honestly, he didn’t look to be faring much better than you are. Perhaps just read what he has to say.”
He had nothing to do until they arrived. He had already scouted the property and everything inside was ready. The generator was still relatively new and as the place had only been foreclosed in the last month or so he had made short work of readying the few rooms they needed to use, priming the plumbing and clearing the faint smell of drains with a few repeated flushes and leaving the showers running for half an hour. It was a curious spot to build a motel, there was nothing notable about the location, the scenery was not picturesque; in fact, it sat squat in a bowl of dust that pooled the heat and gave little chance of the respite from any breeze that happened through the desert. The long dusty drive up a side road was enough to deter even the most determined of ‘off-the-beaten-track’ tourists and it was too far out of town, a solid two hour drive because of the deteriorated state of the roadway that lead to it, to give it any right to class itself as a ‘Vegas’ motel. Not even the prostitutes and addicts were willing to come out this far. It really was little wonder that it had gone out of business and little surprise that it still sat on the property roster, forgotten and unsaleable. It was so unattractive as a prospect it hadn’t even attracted the attention of vandals and vagrants. All of which made it perfect for their current needs.
Dean had been scouting for parts for the Mustang.  He had found a locked shed, right out the back of the property.  None of his keys worked the padlock, but it was old and fairly rusted, so Dean just figured it was one Gordon never bothered with.  He found a loose panel at the side of the building, behind the hulk of three old wrecks and squeezed his way inside.  Light streamed in through gaps in the slats, and rather than being the dusty long-neglected space that Dean had expected, the inside was actually pretty clean.  A large square trapdoor in the middle of the floor had a much newer padlock, and out of curiosity more than anything he tried every key.  None worked.  Shrugging and deciding he would ask Gordy later, he turned his attention back to his hunt for parts.  The shed was pretty big, more of a barn really.  A series of large cupboards all locked against one wall where the roof sloped up to full height.  A few piled tires, debris and a vehicle covered with a tarp on the other side, where the roof sloped down to waist height.
“It’s late,” Castiel says finally, with a yawn. “I take it this place has a bed, or at least somewhere we can sleep.”
“Besides, how else am I gonna keep up with her. Need another old crock dragging up the rear so I have an excuse to get her to slow down. Now drive me home Peril, so this Cowboy can get his beauty sleep.”
“Like Thelma and Louise,”  trying for levity, anxiety making him flippant.
“Thank you, Mariella, I’m really glad to be here. It’s been amazing so far this week, just being here so many people who love books as much as I do all in one place, is amazing enough, but to see some of my literary heroes, it’s been truly mind blowing. I met Neil Gaiman this morning and I genuinely had to pinch myself.”
“Angel?”
Dean rubbed his eyes, he and Crowley had spent two hours now staring at the blood spatter, connecting the dots, looking at Morse code, they’d briefly become very excited when one of the team suggested computer codes or QR’s, but the pattern seemed to be frustratingly elusive four solid stripes of dots. They had tried squinting, looked for figures and shapes, all so far to no avail. He had been vaguely aware for at least the last half hour that his stomach was growling.
A rattling gurgle deep in his lungs was the only response.
By the time she joined them Amy and Kasia were busy clearing a massive lighting shelf that ran all along one wall of a room that could easily have taken the entire floor of her block, never mind her own, relatively spacious apartment.
The door of the coach opened, and Lord Talbot himself stepped out. 'How dare you! Rogues! Thieves!'
“Noted, Cas.  Your work ethic isn’t in question, I think that’s what finally changed Raph’s mind.  He’s noticed the hours you’ve been putting in.  Everyone has.  No-one has anything but good to say about
“I think Crowley knows that Dean didn’t lay a finger on his cellmate,” Spengler said. “There’s no way, with the pictures showing his hands and face completely unmarked that they can make a case, even with the witness statements. The physical evidence just doesn’t fit. It muddies the waters, but it’s not enough to stop what we’re trying to do, I don’t think. I tried to speak to Mr Crowley again, but his administrator just kept saying he was too busy.”
Not even the subtle scent of bergamot from the Lady Grey could soothe Crowley or diminish his irritation. He felt the remnants of Dr. Roman’s presence in his office in the same way someone tastes the fur on their tongue after a night’s heavy drinking.
“Fuck!”  He was on the brakes, the heavy car slewing through the slick surface water, the vivid impression of a figure, face turned into the headlights, eyes and mouth wide o’s of shock and horror emblazoned in his brain.  He wrestled the wheel, adrenaline, reflexes and his instinctive ability to read every minute twitch and nuance of his car, letting him pull out of the skid and draw to a standstill on the side of the road.
He cleared his throat, “Garth has offered to take us into town.”  Dean looked at him blankly. “For the parts.  You know Garth.  Hot date boy.” Dean blinked at him, and Cas pressed on aware he was beginning to babble. “He came by this morning to check if we needed a ride.  He’s a nice kid.  He… well… he’s coming back after lunch, he’s taking his girlfriend into town and he says we can tag along and he’ll drop us at the auto shop.  If you know what you need and…”
Dean grumbled but nodded curtly. 'Indeed, though it is probably best if I do not do so myself. I am certain that Gabriel can make arrangements.' Castiel hummed in agreement; the town grocer, though impertinent, had been a stalwart ally since their arrival, helping them convert their stolen goods from useless jewellery and bank notes into clothing and bread for the poor.
He was halfway down the stairs when he heard the clock in his father’s study begin chiming the hour. It didn’t normally carry through the house, which must mean the door was open. Unusual, as only the family had access, they kept it locked out of habit. Silly really, but it was a hang up from when Chuck was alive.
“Hey,” Dean grinned.  “My baby has great taste, and she’s grateful.  You just saved my ass.”
“Castiel?” Anna spluttered.  “He’s young enough to be my… well at the very least a baby brother…”
“Dean!” Sam protested sharply. “Gabe didn’t
“Enough!” Crowley snapped, bringing him up sharp. “Drink up, like a good boy, and let’s get to work. We need to try and find out whether your boyfriend is in it up to his neck… or not. Don’t glare at me. You have good judgement, it’s one of your more irritating qualities. You like him and you think he’s a good guy, so instead of moping about like a dyspeptic squirrel, pull yourself together and let’s combine our unique talents and either clear his name, or nail his ass, although I suppose you actually could combine the two.”
The brother opened his mouth to protest, but She silenced him with a look. “Ten minutes, Castiel, and then, if you keep your promise...” she seemed to come to a decision, “
He lay gasping for air on the bed they had used on their last visit. She pushed his hair from his forehead and he flinched away from her touch. “I know my prince, I know, but it will pass. The worst is over. Shhh.” Someone was unlocking the manacles, and rubbing at his ankles and wrists, before with a simple twist the cursed torq was pulled from his neck.
Castiel can barely see him, he is rasping for breath, eyes rolling as his vision blackens at the edges. He hears the echo of the guard entering the room and then it is all heat prickling and distant shouting as he slides from his chair to the ground.
The doorway grew even more crowded as the remaining housemate appeared with a tray, shoving impatient elbows at his friends and gesturing for them to move. The tiny figure of the aggressive young woman galloping round him to pluck a couple of houseplants he was dislodging from the coffee table to safety. She placed them carefully on the fire mantel, reverentially stroking the leaves of the nearest one with a glare at her friend.
Michael stretched his arms, pushing his back into the soft leather seats of the Lexus. He had been waiting for approximately one hour, inside his luxury cocoon. The parking lot had thinned out quite a bit since he had arrived as the morning travellers finished up their breakfasts and carried on with their journeys. He idly watched a family making their way back to their truck. The couple strolling hand in hand, a little girl trailing alongside them, no more than four or five, a bedraggled stuffed rabbit under one arm, resolutely sucking her thumb. A toddler hitched onto one of the women's hip. After carefully strapping the kids in, they crossed at the back of the vehicle, the casual choreography of an often repeated motion; they paused briefly to snatch a kiss and let their hands linger momentarily on a shoulder and a waist as they parted.  Michael could not help but smile at the tender normality of it. He sighed and let his eyes slide closed briefly.
“It’s only been 48 hours, I usually give myself at least three days before I go running to my baby brother!” Dean glanced up under his brow, looking suddenly abashed. He paused, before confessing, “I did google him myself.”
donations...”
Dean swallowed, rolled his head, letting his neck crack. “Well, blow me. Your Pa taught you everything he knew!" He filled his voice with amused sarcasm. "No wonder we’re riding to hell in a handcart. He couldn’t hunt his way out of a penny arcade game…Beaten by some off-duty hicksville cop and a woman to boot!” Mocking her father’s death with a healthy dollop of misogyny. Feel them buttons, see how hard I can push, he thought.
Dean hesitated. Up until now, they had only met in the gardens. Somehow it seemed significant as if Cas were inviting him even further into his life. He hit send before he could change his mind. OK
“You’d have to earn my trust back.”
The dark head did not move. Castiel stood motionless, continuing to stare at his hands.
'Still jealous, then?'
“It was funny really, we’d never had any money, not spare money before, that’s why the life insurance was such a huge deal.  That’s the trouble with having no idea who your father even was, it’s not like there’s any child support coming in.  Mum worked hard but being a single parent with twins we never had much to go round.  She worked all hours to make sure we could get some of the extras the other kids had.”
Dean Winchester was making no attempt to hide the grin on his face, despite the split lip and pattern of bruises over his cheekbones. The green of his shining eyes in stark contrast to the deep maroons and purples of the cut and bruise swelling one eyebrow into something resembling a cro magnon shelf. Crowley patted him on the shoulder, ignoring the wince and little grunt of pain. “Well, Mr Winchester. I must go and finish signing your release orders, before I start on the rest of my paperwork… wouldn’t want any part of this,” his hand flapped slightly dismissively, “...’incident’ to impede you. What with you being a totally innocent bystander caught up in something entirely beyond your control.”
“Deano?” His brother’s voice chimed irritation. “Where the fuck is Cas?”
“Yes, Alastair?” Crowley said, the hint of a smile not reaching his eyes, which appeared inky in the half-light of the badly lit corridor that stretched between maximum security and the Reception and Office blocks.  Alastair caught up and dropped into pace alongside him, as Crowley restarted his steady stroll.
Somehow, Benny thought, I doubt he’ll manage it.
Cas closed the door behind him, and the effect of clicking that switch was truly spectacular.  A chandelier hung in the centre of the room,  so overwhelmingly huge in the small space every surface seemed to burn his eyes.
“It’s OK, Castiel.  I know you’re part of the family, but you are as much under Raphael’s power as I am.  It’s such a relief to tell someone.”
'A Riteous Man and an Avenging Angel. Lower your weapons and you shall not be harmed,' Dean promised. To his surprise, the shooter tossed the musket to the ground, and a second thud indicated the driver's pistol had also been dropped.
“Creep,” she said good-naturedly, I’m going to get the dinner on. Coffee honey?”
“Did he try to touch you or...” Balthasar sounds alarmed.
“In the dark down a straight length of highway?  Dude, we’re in Nevada, this road goes on in a straight line for miles.”
Michael nodded. His face had become impassive and Roman was mildly impressed. He had not expected Michael to have quite so much backbone. Proof one should never underestimate an adversary, even an inconsequential one. “You and I will go for a little drive somewhere suitably remote, where we won’t be disturbed. You will show me the evidence. We will destroy the physical items together. We will use my laptop to evidence that you do indeed have the encrypted hard drive and then I will message Raphael. Once he gets my message he will package our hostages ready for release. He will release them, I’m afraid unharmed is a boat that has already sailed, but they will be alive… Oh, don’t pull that face, Michael, you have seen enough to know their condition already, but if you do as you are told… and let’s face it… you are very good at being told what to do… they will at least be
The phone ringing insistently from Cas’ pocket made them both jump, and they laughed at each other.  “I’d better answer it,”  Cas said as he glanced quickly at his screen.  “It’s Bal, and I’m…” he looked at the time, “...shit...I’m about 40 minutes late for his latest attempt to set me up on a double date!”
Dean’s breathing hitched as Benny hooked his hands through his arms, but he did manage to push himself to his feet. Benny tried the keys, more in hope than expectation, but they did not release Dean’s wrists, so he settled instead for righting the chair and guiding the man to sit. He slumped a little awkwardly onto it, legs bent, breathing quite heavily.
“Fuck!”  Henrikson snapped.  Identifying the source as just beyond the truck in the MacDonalds lot.  He could just make out the sight of movement beyond the reflections of the truck and the lot in the plate glass.  He dared not return fire.  “You all right Lomax?”
His plan to come in acting as though he had forgotten something he needed for his trip began to seem stupid. “Is anyone home?” he called.  The only response was the echo of his own voice along the downstairs hallway and then total silence bar the ticking of clocks and background noises of the building. What was he expecting? A surprise party with hats and streamers after the mother of all wind-ups! He made his way along the narrow passageway past olive coloured walls, adorned with family pictures. The ghosts of happy childhoods mocking him in glorious Kodak technicolour.
“I’d say it’s one hell of a coincidence if it’s not.”
“Jean-Paul?”  Raphael sounded mildly confused.  “Oh… you mean the chef… I’m afraid we’ve been rather spoiled up to now.  But with only the two of us to feed it seemed an unnecessary extravagance.”
'Indeed. But tonight…' Castiel ran his hand along Dean's backside suggestively. 'We should assay whether your riding skills are still acceptable.'
“We are 67 miles inland and you’ve had them for over four hours.”
“Mr Winchester.”  The accent was British.  Dean raised his head, and met a pair of shrewd brown eyes, appraising him with a swift glance up and down.  “You aren’t going to give us any trouble now are you?”
It was too much, Cas finally felt himself breaking. He knew. Meg knew exactly where he was. There was no way this message was from Meg, but nor were the earlier ones. He scrolled back up and there it was. The obvious glaring error. The thing that had made him feel so uneasy, the little nagging thing his subconscious had noticed.
He edged his way around the side of the building, listening all the while as Carter kept her talking, slipping in little comments about the layout of the shop.  Why don’t you just step out from behind the counter Mrs Kunsberger?  Maybe we could go through that curtain and sit down nicely while we wait for my colleagues to come and clear up this little spot of confusion, Mrs Kunsberger.  We’ve had to be careful what information we give potential witnesses, Mrs Kunsberger.  It’s such a high profile case.  On and on he kept talking.
“Glad to hear it. We pride ourselves on our personal attention and the care we take of our guests…”
Dean rubbed the back of his hand across his face. Benny, grabbed his arm. “We need to move, brother,” he nodded towards the house. Below them two men had appeared on the veranda, with them was the small woman they had seen in the footage firing her taser at Cas, before she dragged him away. “If even half of this stuff is for real, we need to
“Michael? Is that you? Why are you calling? Where is she Michael?”
He grinned at her.  “In my line of work…?  Of course, I know how to draw out a confession.”
The last few days have been an unanticipated boon for Cas. He was expecting to spend these next few weeks as he has spent the last few months, negotiating sensitivities as carefully as a parent walking barefoot over lego bricks - in the dark. Instead, the last few days been fun, real fun. Claire is still not easy with him and he’s aware that their relationship is a precious fragile seedling, as likely to founder from over nurturing as it is from neglect or carelessness, but Dean is allowing them to spend time together without being alone together. A surge of gratitude overwhelms Castiel. He is so lucky to have this man’s friendship.
“The Leader tried to rescue…? Both?” Castiel replies, his ears are buzzing. “Both who?” Everyone is looking at him strangely, even with soot covered faces Castiel can see their confusion. Well that makes all of us, Castiel thinks. The sense of fuzzy detachment returns, and he can’t think clearly. This makes no sense. He was with The Leader in his office. Why would he think Castiel was inside the house? And who with?
Bal hurried back into his own room, grabbing his phone from the charging table. He wondered for a moment about the wisdom of ringing Cas. How long had he and Michael been gone? What if he rang and gave them away? Surely Cas would be smart enough to put his phone on silent. He ran his fingers through his hair, calming his pounding heart and chastised himself for panicking. He would text first. Give it 30 seconds and then ring. He sent a message to the cell number of the phone Gabe had lent to Cas. Then one to Michael’s number.
The Vegas sky was lightening with the first rays of dawn when Gabriel heard the gentle chink and clatter as the hotel staff pushed a heavily laden breakfast trolley into the lobby of his private quarters. He threw back the remnants of the whisky tumbler which by some miracle had stayed in his fist on the arm of the chair where he had been dozing for the last few hours. He smiled at the young woman pushing the trolley. She was one of his favourites and he winked at her. “You sure are a sight for sore eyes…” he began, halting in his tracks when Kali appeared.
“Agent Lomax,”  the voice was insistent, as the hand shook him more firmly.  “Joe!”
“From the wine bar.”  His cheeks were flushed and he was clearly uncomfortable, but this time he held Dean’s stare.
'No dizziness when you are on the horse? Visions or the falling sickness?’
Sam stared at them in wonderment as Jess quietly announced that she and Marcy were going down to their suite to JD. “You come down, soon as you hear about Dean, Sam. You need to sleep too.” She kissed his astonished face gently and they gripped hands just briefly before she trailed after Marcy.
“...of course, that was it, I pulled a print of the tile behind the toilet pan.  He must be a tiny man, Michael, you know, because he has to lean on the wall to make sure he is over the pan when he p…”
“He’s probably just lost track of time with a client over lunch. Just leave everyone instructions for the next hour and then head off, I’ll finish early, and take over until he gets there.”
“Bite me,” Dean growled, through a mouthful of cheesesteak.
“Well, that’d be a first,” Bobby was no fan of psychics, “there’s one rule with these bullshit merchants, it’s always about the money. There has to be an angle…”
“Come out Dean. Hands where I can see ‘em.” Well that answered that question. The guy’s accent was pure Minnesota.
“Does anyone else work the station for you?  An employee perhaps.”
He stands a little unsteadily, and pulls the mattress up. The cot is useless as a weapon. It’s an unsprung board, but it will make a shield. He sighs. This is foolish. Neither thing will help him escape this room. All the have to do is wait him out if he tries.
An hour later he pressed the end call on his speaker phone, his report covered in red pen and a grim look on his face.  He was not needed in Seattle.  He looked again at the author’s name on the report, and rang through to accounts.
“You agree then?  It’s a possible link?”
“Your friend OK?”  Newton asked, keeping his voice light.
As the meeting closes, Castiel follows the Elders as they begin to leave the room, only to feel a hand grip his arm, just above his elbow. The sneer on Brother Alastair’s face as their eyes meet is far from pleasant.
Cas’ sigh was exasperated. “He could be using all sorts of low lifes for hire, Michael. It’s not like he doesn’t have the money...”
With little choice to do otherwise, Meg sat.  Nearly jumping as her phone began vibrating subtly in her pocket, she reached for a spoon and,  with a nonchalance she did not feel, began munching on her cereal, as Raphael unbidden, refilled her mug with coffee.
It had been Dean’s first real introduction to the term ‘serial killer’. Sammy was little more than a toddler, but according to Dad, Dean was old enough to know the truth of it. Barely 8 years old and he was ‘old enough to know the truth’. Dad had spent the next week teaching him how to shoot and reaffirming the need to ‘protect Sammy at all costs.’
They stared at each other through the gloom.  Dean propped up on one elbow, Cas with his head sinking into the pillow.  Interlaced fingers flexing and tightening, each using their thumb to stroke and explore the other’s hand.  It was too much and not enough all at once, and Cas could take it no longer.  He pulled hard and Dean gasped overbalancing onto him, fingers gripped, all he could do was lean his weight onto their linked hands, pinning Cas to the bed, the bed chains clinking gently as the sudden movement snatched at the ridiculous mooring cleats  The hardness of his erection undeniable as it pressed into Cas’ angular hip.
“I’d lay my own odds on it,” Crowley affirmed, echoing the Senior SOCO’s phrase.  “Poor bastard indeed.”
“I didn’t do anything,” Dean whines.
He let the cell ring three times before he answered it.
“S’good,” he slurred slightly and shook his head to clear the fug of sleep.
“Hm,” Bass said darkly, pretending to blow the gunsmoke away from the business end of the taser, before resetting it and stowing it in his belt. “Who says I missed.”
The first one is from Benny, asking him to call, but the next is from Cas. He sounds all wrong, anxious and flustered. “I’m sorry to bother you, Dean, I know it’s Friday night and you’re probably busy, but just on the off chance… has Claire tried to ring you? If you could ‘em. If she does. Could you just let me know.”
“Wake up!”
“I don’t know, if I’m honest,” Gabe replied. “Until today I thought my brother was just an arrogant, manipulative asshole. I always suspected he hid those drugs in my room to set me up with Dad, but this… I never dreamed he was capable of all this. Shit, Bal. I left Cas all alone in that house. If I’d just stood up to Raph back then. Made Dad listen to me… I keep wondering whether things would have got this bad.”
A cool hand on his fevered forehead startled him. Unwillingly, Dean opened his eyes and stared at the leaded glazing and the heavy stucco plaster surrounding the pebbled window glass. The hand on his brow disappeared and he winced as he turned his head to face the room. The Prince was awkwardly popping his buttons, pulling a hunk of bread from the folds of shirt at his waist, he shucked his heavy velvet jacket off his shoulders, dropping it haphazardly onto the floor.
As he reached the point of no return, where the path curled behind the steep, wind whipped swell of grass and sand, he turned to take one last look at the soft gleaming colours.  A single figure was walking along the sands. As he watched the man stopped, stretched and then sat on the sand. Initially, he frowned, then recognising the emotion for what it was he laughed at himself for feeling proprietary about ‘his’ beach.  He was just so used to having this remote stretch to himself. Even at the weekend in the height of Summer, it was a quiet spot. Offseason, on a weekday, he rarely saw another soul all day. It drove Sam crazy, ‘low blood sugar’, ‘not safe’ and ‘everyone else has a surf buddy in case they get into difficulties, it isn’t just you’ or ‘crack your thick skull on the sand or your board, that could happen to anyone’, blah, blah, blah.
“You can cut the smarm, too, young man,” Marcy’s voice was clipped and sharp. “Sam is staying right here, where we can both keep an eye on him. Make sure he doesn’t have any other stupid ideas about what’s best for other people.”
“Crowley!”
Hannah offers to help him hunt for the satchel after closing and he is worried enough that he decides he will go straight from work to meet Bal for dinner. He manages, while searching through some old boxes on a high shelf, to disturb some seriously disgusting old cardboard boxes. Hence the state of his clothes, and worse still, he is none the wiser as to where his satchel might be.
The diner was exactly like any other. One long sweeping stretch of counter and a neat row of booths, shining red banquettes and speckled formica tables like piano keys all the way to the far wall. A single bright neon sign on the back wall proclaiming the hotness and freshness of the coffee. Chalkboards scrawled with specials. It was clean. The curiously mixed scent of sweet and savoury, combining with the rich aroma from the filter machine. Michael nursed his own mug of coffee, sitting with his back to the door in the far booth as instructed. Even in the cool air he could feel the prickle of sweat on his neck and he fought every instinct to turn around and look as someone approached his table. He raised his head slowly from his coffee, staring at the man who sat down opposite him.
Sam’s lips pursed. He had carried that same look since he was old enough to have facial expressions. It was the same apprehensive look that signaled everything from the fact that he had eaten the last of the Lucky Charms to that time he had driven Dean’s Impala into a fence post.
“The boy must be within the compound,” Brother Alastair’s lisping voice breaks the silence,
Victor grimaced.  He reviewed what he knew so far, going back over it in his mind.
“Cher, I have something else I wanna ask you… I was gonna do it over the phone, but… well...unlike some people, I can’t afford The Lodge, but if you wanna come back to mine I think I managed to hide a couple of decent steaks under the veg box, we could have a few beers and discuss my little proposal. You can leave your skis and kit here overnight, save lugging it up the hill.”
“One down on the night shift. Thompson's got food poisoning.” He looked at Bass expectantly. Bass blinked back, mouth still hidden behind his mug. “Well shit, boy, there’s a game on tonight…”
“Hey,” Dean protested, “in the room and listening!”
Jody nodded and pulled a quick sympathetic smile. She set the coffee jug down and patted his shoulder. He looked at her, the hint of moisture in his eyes, matching the slight hitch in his voice. He cleared his throat and drank some more coffee. "That kind of integrity… it needs a legacy.”
“Idjit.” Bobby’s voice was gruff down the phone line, and Dean’s cheek twitched into a half smile. He listened as Bobby rambled on, going through all the reasons it was inadvisable to let someone stab you. He lay back against his pillows, the healing stitches itching unbearably and he winced as he shifted awkwardly.
“Who 's’ a angel?…” he tried to wave weakly, as Eileen raised her curled fist to her forehead, pinkie extended.
Now they were all gone and he was alone.  The emotion behind the thought caught him by surprise.  Raphael was still here, but Michael realised with a jolt, that it was no comfort.  He respected his older brother for his business acumen, for his abilities, but actually… he didn’t like him.  Loved him, he was his brother, but like him… no.  He sighed, bottom lip twitching, and set his glass down on a coaster.  Cas had been so determined.  So adamant.  Was it possible?  Was he really being played?  He had always trusted Raphael, but was it just because it was easier? He was happiest talking to people in the firm, spending his time with the ones who ‘did’ things.  Dad had understood this, let him play to his strengths.
He was wearing his dress pants and white undershirt.
He repeats his trick with the provisions and swings open the door to their room. The bed is empty and he places the keys, bag and cup holder onto the table just inside the door, stifling his disappointment. Of course, why would he stay? Then he spots a tuft of dark hair and one brilliant blue eye peeking above the crumpled coverlet.
“Excuuuuuse you, “ Dean laughs.
“...your own fault. You were hardly an oil painting before anyway… ah… welcome back Mr Winchester.”
Ephraim eyed Crowley suspiciously, but he checked Dean over with clinical professionalism. Winchester had taken one hell of a beating and should by rights be spending the night in the infirmary, but Crowley’s instructions were clear. Check him, patch him and dispatch him.
The look on Hannah’s face told Anna that she was not exactly convinced, but she nodded.  “To be fair,  quite a few of the team seem to think he’s probably gay.  He certainly doesn’t respond to flirting...”
Dean is lost in thought when Benny returns from the bank, jumping slightly when the cowbell jangles as he enters. When he looks up he sees that his friend looks marginally less troubled than he did before he left. His bulky shoulders are a little squarer, although that might be the two takeaway cups he is carrying.
“Michael had already left for Seattle to lead up a delegation.  I stayed here with Castiel.  He was quiet, spent a lot of time sleeping, or lying in his room.  We talked a little each day, but he really wasn’t in a fit state to go to work or out with friends.  He seemed to be recuperating, slowly, but then on the Friday evening when I returned from work, he was gone.  He sent me an e-mail from his phone, saying he was going to visit friends from college. Honestly, I thought it would do him good.”
“Anna,”  Castiel said gently, “you have nothing to apologise for.  You were assaulted.  My brother,”  he practically spat the word, and she stared in slight shock at the anger burning in his bright blue eyes, “has abused his power in the worst way possible.  I am so sorry you have been put in this position.  Did this… was this what happened on Friday?”
“Where the hell d’ya dig that ole thing up from?” Benny called with a laugh as he strolled around the corner, a duffel thrown over his shoulder.
Victor, who had already read his report, had then sought out Officer Newton.  The report was full of official phraseology, dry and simple.  The Officer as per instruction had been trailing the Kansas plated Chevy Impala.  It had disappeared behind a large outcrop causing a rare deviation in the long straight strip of the highway.  As he cleared the outcrop he saw that the vehicle had been involved in an RTC approximately half a mile ahead.
“I’m so sorry, Dean, but I didn’t want to just leave it and wreck your credit rating.” Somewhere in the background he can hear the baby crying, “I’ll pay as much of it as I can Dean, I promise. Are you sure you want me to sell your stuff? I could put it into storage for you, or keep it here in the garage, maybe. Gordy won’t mind, he...”
Cas swallowed hard and stared at his hands, resting next to the pen and ruler on the table. Dean closed the distance between them and snatched the transparencies away from him. Cas automatically flinched, recoiling away. “He thought I was going to hit him,” Dean realised. He took a deep breath and felt his rage draining away. He’d seen enough victims of abuse to recognise the instinctive protective gesture. Hell, he'd done much the same thing himself too many times, trying to diffuse his father's anger by making himself as small and non-threatening as possible because you either did that or you fought back.
“To be honest, I’d probably be able to sleep perched on the tail light.”
“I don’t care about that,”  Dean snapped.  “She’s … she doesn’t deserve this…  I just wanna know she’s gonna be OK.”  At least Garth had been with her, if she was aware at all.
Eli returned from his toilet break to find Bass smiling at him benignly from behind the array of security monitors, sipping a coffee. He settled next to him and glanced at the monitors. Both of the prisoners looked surprisingly relaxed for men in isolation, normally prisoners in here were either mice or tigers. These two looked so relaxed they could almost be in a poolside cabana rather than a jail cell. He himself was a naturally lazy man, so he liked to think it would be his modus operandi too. The phone rang and the pair stared at it, Bass closed his spare hand over his mug and nodded towards it, with a sigh Eli relented and picked it up.
“I think,” Dean said slowly, “we should talk to Sammy.  There’s no-one my kid brother can’t find when he sets his mind to it.”
Michael made a strangled noise, “I was hoping you and she were together,” he began softly, “but there’s so much blood Cas. The lounge carpet, so much blood. I thought he had you both, thought maybe he’d killed you both. I’m so sorry Cassie, I should have believed you. I’ve been such a fool and now Meg is gone.“ The grief caught in Michael’s throat. Cas started to shake and he almost dropped the phone. Sam took it off him and hit speaker.
The surf was invigorating, he relaxed into the activity, losing the time and everything except the crisp shifting shades of Cerulean, Pine, Prussian, Azure and Cornflower, interrupted only occasionally by the warm tonal contrast of the Bronze and Gold of the sand and the rich tones of the tufted grass on the dunes, a shade he could only achieve by blending Jade Green and Independence Blue. His whole world narrowed to what had been his favourite palette. Until recently. He wondered briefly whether he would see the yoga guy today. He had seen him several times since that first time. Sometimes jogging past, sometimes walking. Only practicing his yoga once he thought he was alone, unaware of Dean watching from the seclusion of the dunes.
“And your lessons, with the younger children? Are you finding Brother Jack an effective assistant?” The question is too casual. And Castiel bends to untie and refasten a shoelace, buying himself time to answer. Jack is an anomaly. He came to The Collective as a teenager, none of the other children has ever been outside this commune. He is a quiet boy and says little about his past, mainly, as Castiel learns once he has earned Jack’s trust because Jack spent many weeks in The Quarantine Rooms when he first arrived at The Commune and has no wish to go back in there. The Leader has made it clear that if he begins to talk to the rest of the Brethren about his past, he will be isolated for the Greater Good.
They met to compare notes in the snug of the local bar. Strictly speaking it was heavily frowned upon to discuss cases in public, but the Snug had been an extension of the police station for so long, that no-one really regarded it as a public facility any longer.
“Gordy was impatient to get back, didn't wait for the guy to use Dean, just tried to snatch the guy right off. The place was under surveillance and next minute they were surrounded and the cops arrested them both. I made it into Sioux Falls, got picked up by the local law pretty much as soon as I stepped off the bus. I think a 'concerned' passenger had probably rung me in as a runaway. Not that it matters.  At the station, the Sheriff started questioning me.  I mentioned Bobby and that was it. She called him, he came straight in and I started to tell him everything.  Jody made a few calls, I don’t know how she did it, pulled some stunt with documents that made Bobby our guardian and got Dean transferred into her jurisdiction.  After that, she was calling all the shots for a while, till the feds took over the case.  As soon as the majority of the charges were dropped and they were sure that Dean was gonna get a plea deal, the lawyers let him tell the Agents where to look and what they were looking for.  The rest I think you know.  The Nightwalker was in custody and the official line was that it was a lucky break following a routine operation, and the cops at the bar got the credit, but really it was all Dean.”
He moved his head, grimacing at the mess of snot and tears sticking his itching face to the soft cotton of his cushions. He would have to hide the slip in the morning or face further punishment for besmirching the fine linen of the Prince’s bedchamber. At least he would deserve it this time. His skin, initially numb was beginning to burn unbearably, and he resisted the urge to try and look over his shoulder at his own tattered flesh, knowing that the movement would cause unbearable pain. Instead, he angrily wiped the fresh, scalding flush of tears from his cheeks, determined not to whimper even into the empty room and tried unsuccessfully to find a clean patch on his pillow.
Half a mile away from their door, Dean gave Castiel a wink and urged Impala into a full gallop. Castiel shouted and spurred Grace on to catch them. Impala won as usual, but Grace performed admirably and would almost certainly have closed the distance if Impala hadn't had a head start- so Castiel grumbled, anyway.
“...wanna sleep…”
Of course, great care is taken that the whispers never reach the ears of the wealthy and powerful. After all, outside the gentry, there is not a soul who wants to stop them.
His psychic abilities, he claimed, led to vivid dreams. He had been helping people for years. It always followed the same pattern. His dreams were vague at first, then gradually he pulled together the clues and the dreams became more coherent and then he just found he knew the answers without even asking the questions.  In this instance, about three weeks ago he had realised he needed to come to London to find the man in his latest set of dreams. A man who desperately needed his help and who would die if he didn’t get it.
He tells the children, as he ushers them towards the food hall for the noonday meal, that it’s a special secret game that Jack is playing. The older ones are watching him carefully, keeping secrets is something the children on this commune come to understand early. But some of the children are way too young, chances are they will be overheard talking to one another, or maybe careless of the harm it will do, they may even tell one of the house mothers. He needs to find Jack somewhere to hide, while he finds out exactly what has happened.
She had her car keys in her tunic pocket.  With luck, she could simply drive away.  Failing that, she would trek cross country to the nearby town, and catch a bus into the city, and then a cab to Atlantic City. The coffee was extra bitter this morning, and she lazily stirred in some sugar and cold water, so that she could drink this first cup quickly.  She waited for the familiar buzz as the caffeine, sugar combo hit her system.  Man, she was tired.
Bal, with his stable of paramours, will never understand that sometimes, a man would rather just stretch his legs alone.
“And where are you, Dean?” He wished they’d just fuck off and let him sleep. The pain wobbled somewhere in his head.  Still there, just not hurting, exactly… just being… in his head.
They eat, and the yakisoba lives up to its aroma. Bal pours him more warm Sake and waits patiently, watching him discreetly as he clears his own bowl.
“Bit taller un me. But that ain’t difficult, I’m a bit of a titch. She weren’t wearing heels I don’t fink. S’hard to remember, it’s weeks ago now. Oooo, she had really nice nails, I asked her where she got ‘em done ‘n’ she said the name of a nail bar, said it were up town ‘n’ a ways to travel, but worf it. Blimey, I fought I’d remember. I was gonna give ‘em a go. Nah, mebbe it’ll come back to me.”
Raphael grabbed him roughly under one arm and dragged him back to his feet. “Get up,” he said harshly.
Thanks for reading.
A fine spray of water, deflected by Bal’s upturned arm under the thundering flow of the shower falls fresh across his exposed skin. “Perfect,” Bal mumbles as he uses his other hand to lift Castiel’s chin. “Right. You. Hop in. Call me if you need anything. I’ll be in the kitchen.” And then he is alone. He looks along the little line of bottles, each one scented with essential oils as he strips off his work clothes.
When Dean made it to their bedroom, Castiel was already buried under the covers, his back to the centre of the bed. He hesitates briefly, thinking about waking him, but decides it is perhaps best to let him sleep. He can apologise in the morning, so he slips into bed and lies on his back staring into the darkness until eventually, after what seems like hours, he falls asleep.
They walked in silence along the corridor, down the stairs and out through the Reception into the cool air of early evening.  They paused on the wide stretch of tarmac between the building and the main gate, staring at each other, neither seemingly able to break the tension, until Cas expelled a sharp breath down his nose and moistened his lips.  “I understand your cynicism, but you have to believe me.  I had no idea who Drew Nicholls was before last week.  The only people I know, who knew my mother are my brothers, and the Parkers.  My mother and father are both strangers to me, I don’t remember them, I…”
She seemed utterly unfazed at being caught sneaking into his hotel room, her eyes roved over him and his hands had tightened the towel around his waist before he even registered what he was doing. “I thought I’d fetch your tray. If you’ve finished with it?”
He was almost at the metallic door, ready to leave and maybe never return, when he turned around one last time.
That look again, the sweep and movement of his eyes under the hood of his eyelids.  A little smile twitched his lips as they both heard Dean’s breath catch in reaction.  Dean narrowed his eyes, and the smile grew. Dean let his hand slide slightly closer, their fingertips almost brushing.  “So you ran around Soho until you found me again?”
She glanced at her brother, whose mouth had set with thin disapproval. “Think brother it is perfect. He will never even think of crossing me again, lest I harm the pet.”
“Holy shit!”  Dean spluttered.  His mouth hung open.
“Brothers are loyal to each other!”
“It’s fine,” he muttered irritably, pulling his head back, then seeing the look on Cas’ face, his voice softened.  “Hey, you didn’t do it on purpose.  Mess with nightmares and sometimes you get hurt. Sammy nearly bust my nose once.” He swallowed, hesitating until Cas looked up and they locked eyes. “Maybe it’s time for you to tell me what’s going on,”  he invited softly.
“Huh?”
“As if I would ever let a player like you touch
“Well now, Kasia, you best go get another coffee cup… you and I have work to do if we’re gonna unlock this asshole’s files.”
“They are,” Dean says.
He slipped his phone out of his pocket. There was no reception here, but he’d downloaded Two Dots only a few days before and he was already on level 62. He settled back in the seat and began the arduous task of connecting the little squares to clear the screen. He was so engrossed he barely even noticed the post mortem flatulence of his former colleague, his only reaction a slight twitch of his nostrils and a moue of disgust at the smell.
Cas opened the greaseproof paper, and took a long overdue bite of PB&J on white.
“Agent Lomax?”  Bess said, sitting up, sleep blinked back quickly from her bright eyes.  “Agent Lomax has been shot.”
The blue eyes narrowed, and then crinkled, Dean’s good-humoured smile was contagious. “Says the flirt who just made sure that the waitress will remember him forever...!”
"On the contrary," Dean mused, ruefully, choosing to ignore Crowley's little jibe, "he was bang on the money about Bannerman Road, I just hope to fuck he's wrong about everything else..."
“Don’t you understand, Dean?  Kidnapped! He is going to find me, and kill me and blame it on you.  That’s what he does, he manipulates and twists and pulls strings, and he won’t stop.  He has nothing to lose.  He knows I know, that’s why he’s doing all this.  God, I can’t believe I was so stupid, thinking I could just hide… I have to go...  I’ve put you in enough danger already.”
“That would be Casa Nuevo, you idiot, nova means no go!” His chuckling subsided, but Cas continued to smile, letting his head loll back against the headrest. “You’re telling me no-one has ever pointed out to you that you called your hotel the no go house?”
“Slumming it with Kansas the Elder has definitely coarsened your language, Cassie.” Bal quipped and earned himself a glare, before he swung the SUV erratically across two lanes and down the off-ramp, causing a blare of horns and squeal of brakes behind them.
The street was a darkened stretch ahead of him, the brightly lit plastic sign of the Magnolia Heights Motel, his own personal gleaming homing beacon in the distance.  The ground underfoot, gritty and sharp, scratched under the soles of his boots.
“I believe I asked you to translate this passage, your Highness,” Brother Alastair waved an arm over the pile of papers, scattered for marking across his desk.
Victor Henrikson did not like this at all.  His every instinct was still telling him that something about this case was off and now he had been reassigned.
Castiel settles both hands holding the tumbler loosely in his lap, the lemonade is cool inside the glass, the remnants of it taste sharp and bitter on his tongue, beneath the sweetness of the sugar. “We sometimes sit together by the ponds,” Castiel says. It’s a clever misdirection, they are in entirely the wrong direction, there are a number of outhouses and animal sheds just beyond them, which will take time to search. “You don’t think he has stumbled into the water?” He is impressed with the fringe of panic he hears in his own voice.
Castiel was watching him, amused, the now becoming familiar almost imperceptible crinkle around his eyes. He offered the package again. Dean reluctantly set the coffee down on the bench and took it, opening the greaseproof paper to reveal a soft bun, with a tantalising glimpse of cheese, hanging from one cut edge.
Cas dropped onto the bed, face still ashen.  Dean grabbed the TV remote and flicked through the channels trying to find a rolling news programme.  He found one and raised the volume.  Raphael’s urbane voice filled the air, expressing his fears for his brother, and Dean grabbed Cas’ hand as he flinched at the sound of it.  The last time he had heard that voice, he was being pinned down while his older brother looked on, giving instructions to make sure he disappeared.
He missed him so much. He pulled back away from the glass watching his own reflection recede and disappear, replaced with the bright blue skies and bright lights of the Vegas skyline. The ghostly outline left by his face and hand prints on the glass.
“...none of which would be necessary, if you’d just kept your damn eye on him… You know how he feels about Meg and Bal, he’s so fucking loyal he’d do anything for any of you… and speaking of Bal just what was he doing while all this was going down?” He punched the dash with his closed fist, and Sam winced, half expecting the hiss of an airbag. But the only hiss was Dean’s voice, which had dropped to the kind of harsh whisper that Sam knew from bitter experience was far more ominous and dangerous than shouting. “Was abandoning him as a kid, not enough of a way to fail him?… did you have to go and do one better as an adult?...What the fuck were you thinking letting him...”
“Yes, Sam! Of course, I believe him, I love him, all right! And I can tell he’s not lying about this. He would never do anything to harm either of us. Dammit, can’t you just listen?”
He tried to raise himself onto one elbow, wincing and biting his lip to stifle his moans, as the movement sent daggers of pain up and down his back and legs. He couldn’t deny he was hungry, but it was not normal for the Prince to be so… considerate. Perhaps he was worried Dean would suffocate him in his sleep. For some reason, the royal family thought that sharing every aspect of the Prince’s life, including his bedchambers, would make him fond of Dean. It was, Dean had thought on more than one occasion, one of life’s crueller jokes. Along with the hilarious misconception of many of the other servants that living in these sumptuous chambers and being given the best education money could buy made Dean the fortunate one. He’d happily swap places with any of them in a heartbeat and that included Alfie, the small boy who crawled through the plumbing tunnels dislodging the worst blockages below the latrines.
Ignoring the predictable resigned shaking head (Sam) and deliberating cocked-head squint (Cas), he took a careful exploratory sip of his cocoa. Unsurprisingly, it was perfect.
He sighed and was struck with a sudden resolve.  He was going to find Gabe.  He had been surprised once the news of his father’s death had hit the media that Gabe didn’t show up.  Raphael had used that security man to try and find him… what was his name… a grey fellow… Atkins?  Hadland?  Tomorrow he would talk to him and find out just what leads he had.
They finished the call, and Raphael turned his thoughts back to the problem at hand.  The idiots had let Cas give them the slip, and now Balthasar Laduz, the pathetic queer that Cas hung around with was starting to make waves.  It had been hard enough to stop him from coming to the house to visit Cas for the last week.
He had expected it to be more difficult, but he was still wary.  Castiel was always cautious,  complacency was a deadly enemy.
'Aye, I can procure something.' Gabriel investigated Dean's hair and nodded. 'You may not require a full wig. French ladies add false hair to their own in order to produce more elaborate coiffures. Your hair should be long enough that we could attach a similar device to it so you can make queue.'
“Either,” Crowley said impatiently.
“I jumped, Cherub. You know damn well nobody drags me anywhere.” She sounded exhausted and he helped her onto the bed.
He gave a reluctant laugh and ran his huge hand through his hair.  “I think I’ll let you loose on him instead.”
She set the tray down on the dressing table with a clink of cutlery and crockery. “Anything else you need, you just give me a little tinkle.”
“Winchester.  Dean Winchester.”
“Ah, Winchester. It may surprise you to learn that despite my devil-may-care demeanour, I do have a heart... Unlike, ironically, our vic.”
“Well, when do you think we will be able to question him.”
Cas shakes his head. “It was- it is Dean’s house, so if anyone were to leave after a fight it would have been me.” The eyebrow reaches even higher, a sure gold medal in the Scepticism Olympics. Cas tenses.
“Goodness, I feel like I’ve been to confessional.  You are quite the listener.”
(See the end of the chapter for
That. His fear of flying is not the reason he came in on the red-eye greyhound. Well, not the entire reason anyway. It’s just the bus is a third of the price, even before he factors in the extra baggage cost of the kit he’s currently stashed somewhere in the depths of Benny’s stockroom.
The voice was altogether deeper but still familiar.  “Castiel, where are you, little brother?  I don’t want you to get too upset, but I have some bad news.”
Dean’s arms travelled up Cas’ sides, amazed by how perfect the man was.
“...tired…” it sounded petulant, even to his own ears.  A whiny voice.
But it was far from glamorous and in reality meant a tonne of paperwork, checking off the records of tourists heading through Nevada’s rough terrain.  It never ceased to amaze Isaac, just how many people thought it was a good idea to road trip down through Nevada.  Most incorporated the Canyon as part of the trip, so the 93 was the poor cousin to it’s more easterly sister routes.  But some people got caught up in the romance of taking the ‘Great Basin Highway’ only to find themselves utterly disillusioned with the reality of a 12-hour drive along miles and miles of asphalt bordered by red and white dust and the unexpected green of crop fields. The mountains around were spectacular in scale, but even they eventually became just more ‘scenery’.
“It’s surprisingly comfortable,” Dean said quietly, nodding towards the hospital bed. “And Ephraim is actually good company. At least I think he is… I was a little out of it to start with…”
Bal was sipping a particularly sweet cognac through his teeth when the laptop finally gave a smug little ping to let him know it had paired with the phone he had given to Meg weeks earlier.  He still wasn’t entirely sure why she had given it to Cas. She was supposed to keep it, but in his long friendship with Ms Masters, he had never once known her do what was expected or indeed follow instructions if she thought she had a better idea. He pressed the space bar and moved the pointer to the menu tab, scrolling down delicately he clicked unencrypt and let the computer program work it’s magic. The progress bar crept up infuriatingly slowly so he had plenty of time to enjoy Charlie Bradbury’s personal comedic touch as the strains of the song she chose to accompany the work in progress rang around the room.  Try as he might he could not work out how she had overridden his computer’s audio controls so that he could not turn down the volume or remove the sound. He idly twirled the amber liquor round his glass while he waited.
“There was only an i-phone in his apartment,” Crowley drawled, suddenly interested.
“Did he blog his travels, or keep a diary. Any social media accounts…?”
Benny finally gets up to take his leave long after the sun has set and the night sky is a sparkling vista. The milky way stretches wide and strong overhead. The evening has been entertaining, and whilst the atmosphere seems convivial, Dean can feel an underlying awkwardness and a distance between them. Benny, however, seems oblivious, sharing story after story of his life on board ship.
“What?”  His bosses harsh voice cut through his process, as he noticed the lift in Adler’s shoulders and the return of some of his self-assured snideness.
The temptation to throw it against the wall is far too strong and he hates it. Hates that this whole situation makes him feel just like his goddamn dad. He turns the cell off. He needs a drink. He is about to go, reaching into his pocket, when he remembers the Impala keys are hanging on the key hooks in the kitchen area. He’s never, not since John gave him the car when he graduated school, put those keys anywhere other than in his pocket.
Cas doesn’t push back, just speaks into Dean’s shoulder, “You don’t understand, Dean. She will never trust me, there
“Cool,  give him his due the kid is a fast mover, hot date to second date in less than 12 hours,”  Dean said, setting his coffee down and flicking the rag from his pocket he wiped his hands.  “I’ll go clean up.  The pump’s shot, but it won’t take long to fit a new one.”
The look of surprise on her face, was matched only by his own feelings.  He fought back the ridiculous urge to giggle, giddy with his own sudden boldness.  He fired an e-mail off on his phone to Amy to cancel his diary commitments.
Michael stared at the empty bed, shuddering mentally at the sight of the restraints hanging at the corner. What the hell had they done with Cas? Heart racing he instinctively headed along the upper corridors towards the back stairs that lead to the garages. It lead him past the guest bedrooms and the door to the room where Meg has been staying was ajar. The room was not quite in the same bomb site league as Cas’, but it was clear it had been searched. A suitcase had been upended and it’s liner torn apart. Suspicion rapidly gave way to realisation and for the second time in less than 12 hours Michael felt his whole worldview slant. If she was a trusted acolyte and part of the conspiracy why would they have searched her room? He scanned the bare mattress, the bedding had all been stripped away and dropped in a heap on the floor, taking two hesitant steps into the room, he let himself sink onto the edge of it, thinking hard.
“Hm?”  Winchester was clearly distracted, he looked apprehensive and Crowley doubted it was due to what the senior prat had had to say.  Dean had no more respect for him than Crowley did.
“Raphael is our brother.  He will always have our best interests at heart.  Being in business isn’t about doing what’s popular.  Raph has a better grasp of strategic direction and I’m there to soften his stance when he needs it…”
Castiel shook his head, “I cannot return to the ocean without my coat and if I stay on the land without the torq my Uncle’s people will sense me and come to kill me and anyone who tries to stand in their way. That is who She is. She was the assassin sent to kill me. It is only because of Her obsession for me that I am still alive. I was young and reckless when I met her, but I was not stupid. She could not harm me while I was still linked to the ocean and I was wary enough that it took her many months to earn my trust and in that time Her obsession grew.”
They were always short-staffed in Forensics, she didn’t have enough morgue attendants, Steve didn’t have enough SOCOs and neither of them had enough ancillary lab staff.  And now she had to worry about Jen.  She liked the girl, ‘woman’ she corrected herself.  She was steadfast and cheerful, always willing to do extra.  A little lonely maybe, with no family to support her.  But a year into her post,  she got on well with everyone and worked hard, and Jane had quite a soft spot for her.  With her dark auburn hair neatly clipped up for work, one long, stray strand tucked haphazardly behind her ear, big almond shaped brown eyes and habit of singing as she worked, she reminded Jane of the first girl she had ever kissed at school.  Not that she thought of Jen that way, the age gap was too much for one thing and Jane Coleman had long since settled for the cliché of cats and a quiet life for another.
Michael’s suite looked even less lived in than Cas’ if that were possible. Gabe didn’t even bother to call out to his older brother. In his heart of hearts, he knew there was no point. He pushed open the bedroom door, at least Michael hadn’t decided to make a pretence that he was in the bed. It was untouched. That meant in all likelihood they had left not long after their 'early night.' Christ, they had a seven, maybe nine-hour head start.
Music floats along the corridor, it’s heavy on bass and relatively upbeat and he likes it, but beyond that he’s clueless. He must pay more attention to what she listens to. He roots through the fridge, wondering about dinner, he’s not exactly hungry yet, but he will be soon. There are eggs and the basics and he has a freezer full of all the things he remembers Claire liking as a kid, he shuts the fridge. Maybe they can cook together, or at least choose together.
Dean squeezed his hand gently. And for a second Cas squeezed back. There was something reassuring in holding hands as they were. “So, you’re half demon, half selkie, does that mean you are super strong, like she is? Can you sense other demons and smell humans?”
Castiel laughs as Bal catches his eye and arches his brow, “This time, I chose my words carefully, Castiel. Very carefully.”
“By the Thursday he was much calmer,”  Raphael cut across Michael, who had opened his mouth to speak.  “The shock had thrown him off balance, obviously, but perhaps… my only regret… perhaps I missed the signs.”
The thick fibre tip ink was smudging and blurring even as he looked at it, partially obscuring the message. He blotted it with his sleeve to prevent it from getting worse.
Dean grinned smugly. 'You have seen me make that shot a dozen times, Cas, yet you never cease to be impressed.'
“I am sorry to keep you from spending time with Sister Margaret and your friends”, based on recent evidence, Castiel has no cause to believe him, the distinction The Leader makes between Meg and his friends is not lost on Castiel either. He suspects that they are marked for one another. The Leader’s robes are dusty where the hem skirts the ground. The swish of the harsh fabric is hypnotic as he moves. They are walking away from the buildings out towards the crop fields and the reed ponds.
Dean sighs as he clears the wrappers from their meal into the trash bin, and uses the hand wipes from the bottom of the brown paper bag to wipe the table down. He still hasn’t found the courage to broach the subject of his largesse with the room.
“No,” Castiel interrupts hastily, “it was just a reflection, a flash of reflection, as we were leaving the station, I was already in the car, but for a minute, for just a minute, I was convinced it was him. Staring at me, just like at The Commune. Like he could see into my soul and I just, well, I more or less fainted on a family from Arkansas. I told you, it’s stupid.”
“Multi-tasking!” She blurted out. “I can give perfect advice and solve tech problems you didn’t know you had all whilst being massively cute.”
"We were supposed to be shopping for clothes together. You’d think I was trying to sell her soul. Seriously, I’m getting so much cold shoulder I feel like rolling down the piste naked again, just to warm myself back up.”
Michael stared at the papers on his desk.  He had re-read the same report three times without it making sense, and he knew reading it a fourth was not going to make it any more coherent.  He had originally planned to read it on the plane, but it had been there in his in-box when he returned from his meeting in Raph’s office just after ten… he was so preoccupied with thinking about that meeting, he’d opened it, hit print and started to look at it before he’d even thought about what he was doing.
When John died, it had been Sammy’s suggestion that they quit, the argument had raged. He’d confessed he’d been applying to colleges and already grieving the sense of betrayal had tipped Dean over the edge, the blazing row had escalated into a separation that lasted a year.
“That’s good news, then.”
“It’s also far easier to see what’s in front of your car when you look through the windshield,”  the words had escaped his mouth without check from his brain, but ‘the dark clothing!’ Victim shaming or what?  He realised how rude he sounded and bit the inside of his cheek.  The guy had at least comeback.
The TOD for Lettuce had been narrowed down to an 8 hour period. Living in the area that she did the nearest CCTV was a busy shopping street, which had been added to the trawl.
“You fell asleep, dribbling into your pillow, after kissing me into a frenzy.  That is not my definition of a workout.”
He thinks about Benny, lying just a few feet away. Fourteen years. He has been apart from Cas for a few weeks. How the hell did they cope for fourteen years? He’s damn well gonna make sure that Benny is safely back in Andrea’s arms just as soon as humanly possible. The risks he has been taking and will be continuing to take along with Bass… Jesus, they would break most men. And while he isn’t too happy about the fact they hadn’t just taken him into their confidence instead of electrocuting him, he can at least understand.
It hadn’t really registered, but with hindsight it made sense. Dean had always assumed Scitz was blabbering back to his own spell in the marines. But no. Dean had misheard. It wasn’t Jarhead, it was Jared.
Amy gave her a nod. “Just keep following this corridor when you're done, you can’t miss it.”
He laughed and she winked at him, pointing to the printer, which began chunking out the phone records for the team to work through.
“You say you last saw,” he consults his notes, “Mr Winchester, the day before yesterday. What happened that day?"
Dean took Castiel's hand and kissed it. 'Tonight, if you will have me.'
“They’re called toes. The ‘stubby little things’. They’re called toes.”
“Now kiss me, you stupid fucker…”
Maybe Kali had let Gregory drive it, or just taken the keys with her changing her mind at the last minute to be chauffeured to the office. With a sigh Gabe pulled open the drawer of the hall stand and fumbled around until he found his own spares for her car. He stumbled out of the door to the corridor towards the private elevator. It pinged it’s little welcome immediately, the car already at his floor and the doors slid open. They were half-way down when his bleary eyes finally focussed on his reflection in the half height mirrors and he realised what was tickling the underside of his chin. A label. He had his T-shirt on backwards and inside out.
Dean jumped awake, the arm that had been resting across Cas’ chest suddenly withdrawn.  Vague memories returned to Cas.  Running through the scrub away from the SUV, the sounds of pursuit close on his heels, then waking fitful and restless to the reassuring voice soft in his ear.
His eyes weren’t the only pretty thing he had: his features were rough and manly, he was wearing one of the most expensive suits Dean had ever seen, with a black scarf around his neck and a fucking fedora hat that elegantly tied up his style.
“Are you sure you’re all right Anna?  You look so…”  Castiel cut into her thoughts again, tiny crinkles appeared between his eyebrows as he sourced the word he was looking for, head cocked to one side in a curiously bird-like gesture.  It was a common mannerism, she had noticed.  He did it often when he was trying to make sense of the world. “...troubled.”
They settled into a pattern, spending each day watching crappy TV, talking, drinking beers.  He had told Cas more of his life, his fears and his hopes in these few days than he had ever shared with anyone.  He stared at his watch, he had known this man for a little over 72 hours and yet they were already friends.  There was no other word for it, and Dean could barely believe it, but there was something between them, some connection that he couldn’t begin to explain.
He lay on his back on the thin softness of the bench, using his own arms as a pillow and draping the blanket over his body. He closed his eyes and tried to empty his mind, but the knowledge that neither he, nor, more importantly as far as Dean was concerned, Cas, was any nearer to freedom was weighing heavily on him. He just wanted Cas safe. No, more than that, selfishly, he wanted to keep Cas safe himself. He wanted to be the one who made him safe.
“I’ll be rusty!?” Dean muttered. “Says the short order cook.”
“Do you have any idea of the kind of paperwork involved in a murder in the cells? Do you know how much I loathe paperwork Benny?  I’ll tell you Benny, I really, really don’t like paperwork.”
Castiel pushes past them, the imposing centre piece of the exhibition is daubed with red. It is still wet in places and, it drips sluggishly from the bottom of the canvas. Where last night had been only an empty expanse of floor, a line of puddles of varying sizes lie in a more or less straight line along the expensive wooden herringbone patter, staining it dark at the edges, pooled in varying shades of red. At one end, there is a metal stand holding a crisp white card. A deep crimson rivulet curls over the words, The Angel of Thursday, by A. Denzler, commission by B. Roche. Castiel raises his eyes back to the painting, realising it’s significance for the first time.
“Wouldn’t that make you Dopey?”
Cas was willing to grab something quick and eat on the move, but Dean insisted that they eat properly.  “I need food, Cas.  I had quite a workout.  Besides we already paid for another night.”
At 6 foot 5, Sam Winchester was quite a tall guy, yet somehow he managed to be completely approachable. He was deeply intelligent, resourceful and well on his way to being a partner at his law firm. He was also, unusually for a lawyer, not a total dick. For this reason, and many others, Bobby Singer was quite proud of the younger Winchester.
“Oh, you googled him, that's what the kids are calling it these days," Crowley smirked into his beer.
He climbed the wide softly worn stone steps and pulled an antique looking bell pull.  The sonorous brass tones rang muffled through the heavy painted door.  The paint was far from fresh but did not look particularly worn, the impression was of a house well cared for.  The door opened and Cas dropped his arm wide in invitation.
“Who knows,” Cas said. “This is much better, though.” He turned up the volume of the soap opera and Dean rolled his eyes.
Warm fingers slid between his own, and his hand was squeezed.  He snapped back from his thoughts onto a badly sprung back bench, in a rusty old pick up, bouncing down a badly maintained back road in Wyoming.  He looked at his hand, almost startled.
“Yeah.”
Castiel fell asleep, somewhere along the route, exhaustion tugging his eyes shut, despite his best efforts to stay aware and look for outs. His only chance was that She too would become exhausted and need to rest. Then he might be able to find the key and slip away from Her. Even if it meant never finding his coat, he might have somewhere else he could bear to be, now. A vicarious life is better than this. Better than no life at all.
One blissfully cool hand touched his forehead and a tissue gently wiped at the corners of his eyes. Cas. Thanks, Cas. He tried to thank him aloud, but his mouth and throat were just too dry to make any noise.  He groaned as his eyelids were prised open and a bright light flashed first in one eye and then the other.
Balthazar chuckled. It was not entirely unusual for Cas to do just that, unlikely tonight though.  Indeed, there was no sign of Cas, and he hadn’t checked his car in at the valet.
“You’re my best friend, Cassie. I can’t actually imagine going without you. And you’ve been so buried in your work lately, you could do with a holiday.”
“Where are we?” he says carefully. This is clearly not a motel. Dean has been acting suspiciously for the last few days. Their rambling road trip has seemed to Castiel to have lost it’s aimless drift and become more focused, despite Dean’s denials.
He feigned confusion, all the while thinking quickly. Three sets of legs in his peripheral vision. Two heavy booted. Stitch creased. Uniform Pants. The third… heeled, delicate looking. Not bad ankles as it happened. Two guards and a woman? What the fuck was going on?
Dean emerged from the trees on Impala, pointing his pistol at the postillion while Castiel appeared at the other side and aimed at the driver from the edge of the wood. 'You are very obliging,' Dean replied suspiciously, but the shooter merely shrugged.
“He lost to me fair and square fellas.  This ain’t your fight,”  he attempted to reason with them.  It was worth a try but he could smell the faint stench of the liquor on all of them.  Drunk enough to be violent, not drunk enough to be much impaired.  Any single one of them would be no match for him, but three against one: That evened the odds somewhat.  His thoughts drifted back to the last town, this was apparently habit forming.  He shrugged inside his jacket and flexed his arms, preparing himself.
“Erm red, I think.”  He nodded and began perusing the list, picking out a New World Syrah-Grenache without much hesitation.  It arrived and rather than tasting it himself, he directed the waiter to pour for her.  It smelt of summer strawberries and tasted fruity with a tang of something peppery.  She stared at him in surprise and he gave her a bashful grin as he nodded their acceptance of the bottle.  “My friend, back in the states, something of a connoisseur, I picked up a thing or two.”
A door had opened and he saw Murphy shaking hands with Cas.  The DC looked momentarily confused when he saw Dean approaching, DS Crowley had already called the interview to a close and asked him to show Mr Novak out.  “Sir?”
Despite the pleasant tone of the voice breaking into his sleep, he tried to shrug the hand off his shoulder. His dream was a pleasant one and he did not want to return to the awareness of plastic chairs, the odour of burnt coffee and a room full of uniforms and paperwork.
There was a click and the light red glow that denoted the overhead lights shining on his eyelids faded suddenly to blackness.
Dean sighed heavily as he was woken again.  He pulled his head back into the softness of the pillows, anticipating fingers touching his face, expecting to have the torch shone into his eyes. He rattled off the list with real irritation. “Dean Winchester.  Prison infirmary.  You’re a nurse.  I’m safe.  And it’s not fucking Summer yet.”  He squinted, gagging slightly under a ripple of nausea that kept coming and going.  “…and I really, really wish you’d stop shining that frigging torch in my...”
She didn’t know any of her husband’s dalliances by anything more than a first name, she had met a couple of them on trips to the capital, but she had no contact details. She did not recognise Castiel Novak’s description. Drew was very unlikely to have been involved in anything ‘supernatural’. He regarded mediums and psychics as total bunkum.
'Then let us take our supper first and return to this matter afterwards.'
He could not understand Raphael’s trust in the psychiatrist. He had let Lucifer… He still could not bring himself to express it even in thought, the surge of grief; sudden and brutal.  They had lost the Luci of childhood, years ago, but he had always seen little hints peeking through in his e-mails and during his far too infrequent visits. He had thought maybe… certainly hoped… with treatment… He knew they would never get sweet unblemished, innocent Luci, full of love and joy and colours back, but maybe they would get the grown man who was undoubtedly there somewhere.  Now they never would, and the pain at knowing the opportunity was lost was indescribable. His own guilt and regret at not going to see him more...had it really been two years since he’d taken the trip upstate? How had he let it be that long? There was always some function to be attended, or some business crisis to be dealt with… or Lucifer himself going through a bad spell, where Roman had said that visiting would be ‘detrimental’. He pulled open his desk drawer and pulled out a bottle of his father’s scotch.  He felt like a teenager again, swiping liquor from Dad’s snug… although in truth he’d bought this himself.  He took a slug straight from the bottle, feeling like a total cliche, but not actually caring a damn.
Uriel was sitting on his motel bed, listening to the crackle of radio messages being picked up by the radio scanner Carter had set up.  He glanced at the luminescent hands on the travel alarm he had set up on the small bedside table.  Another hour and he would have to get into the jeep he had bought second hand off a downtown car lot on his arrival yesterday and head into McCarran to pick up Adler.  He sighed and stretched his feet, toes cracking.  Suddenly he jumped alert.
When he first wakes, he isn’t sure what has roused him, but the cold space beside him is like the douse of an icy bucket. His outstretched fingers, acting under muscle memory, are used to finding Cas, sleep warm and drowsy, not empty sheets. The light creeping into the room through the double doors is the soupy grey of a cloudy dawn. The whole beach beyond the rain streaked glass is colourless, like a desaturated art print, in the half light. The en-suite through the archway is empty and the only sounds are the drifting patter of the rain, the soft whistle of the wind and the familiar settle of beams and shingle under the weather.
They had so much on.  Important stuff.  The general background work was still there.  London had plenty of crime and that meant plenty of police and that meant plenty of demand for forensics and unfortunately at the rate of several hundred a day the city and surroundings provided a steady supply of corpses.  Every suspicious death needed an autopsy, not just the criminal cases and her department dealt with them all in the various morgues around the city.  She glanced up at the overloaded whiteboard, initials in multiple hands scribbled up against each job, deadlines and estimated finish times which roughly correlated.
The light outside fades and the room is dark when he finally. They trade slow lazy kisses, gentle presses and slight nips for no purpose other than the sheer pleasure of kissing each other, until Dean’s stomach decides that bacon is long overdue. Castiel smiles, his teeth shining between his lips in the gloom. “Borborygmus interruptus,” he mumbles.
“Dean’s not here,” Castiel says by way of greeting. It sounds a little rude and he swallows and opens his mouth to try again.
“Oh, OK then,”  Cas laughed.  “Now it makes perfect sense.”
“So,”  Dean said carefully, how could he have missed a dude in a trenchcoat?  Especially this dude.  Man, Bobby was right, he deserved to get stabbed, for crimes against observation. “You followed me from where exactly?”
The source of the leak remains unknown, even to us here, but along with the leaked results we were given the tasty little tidbit that the DNA test was requested by the Masters family lawyer following the disclosure of a diary and that Novak only complied under court order. Now quite where this leaves the legal battle remains to be seen. But rest assured, dear reader, you will hear it here first as soon as we know.
“Well, then, let your powers loose. Destroy these bastards and we’ll take our chances.”
“Ah, Nurse Masters.  Sorry.  I appear to have startled you.”
“No,” Dean protests, looking shifty, “Ok, maybe it was,” he admits, “But honestly, hitting on the hot panic attack victim would be a new low, even for me. I just… shit, Angel, erm, Cas, I mean. About the room, you need to let me explain, it’s honestly not as bad as it sounds.” He stops babbling, swallows and breathes his lungs full. “When I left you sleeping this morning, you looked so peaceful and comfortable and I just wanted to give you that peace and comfort for as long as I could, so I paid the room out for the week when I went to get breakfast.” He pauses and his pretty green eyes flick up for the briefest moment and then he looks away again. Cas is too surprised to respond. It’s sweet, kind and a strange mix of completely unexpected and inevitable. Perhaps he is not the only one feeling this strange bond with a total stranger.
Behind them in his cruiser, Newton waited until the Impala was just out of sight, before turning the ignition and starting after them down the highway.  His radio crackling with messages flying back and forth as his colleagues set up the roadblock and began the process of clearing out any potential bystanders.  The Kansas plate he had called in as pulled the vehicle over had prompted a flurry of activity and his instructions had been clear.  He was not to attempt to apprehend the suspect, just keep track of the Impala until it hit the roadblock.
When Dean asked her if she knew anyone who might wish her husband harm, she had been disarmingly honest. “It could be any number of jilted lovers, cuckolded husbands, or, for that matter, wives. Drew was a player, Detective Winchester. In fact, if you’re looking for motive, you should probably turn your attention to me. His death saves me from living a lie, and spares me the cost of an expensive and messy divorce. But the truth is, Drew and I were happy together, in the sense that neither of us made demands on the other.”  She paused and became reflective, twisting the tissue around her elegant fingers.
He lay back looking at his posters of films and icons.  His mother smiled back at him from the pencil drawing that Lucifer had made of her, holding him as an infant.  It was naive and delicate; his brother had undoubted talent.
he hints heavily,
And there it was. Sam laid a hand on his brother’s arm. “Enough Dean. This is not your fault. Nor Gabe’s, nor Bal’s. If you wanna blame someone blame Raphael. Everyone is doing everything they can… besides…” he peered across at the entrance to the prison. “I think part of the solution may be about to present itself…”
The Leader cuts him off, the glare he shoots him is intense and angry and even Brother Alastair blanches under it’s force, “Indeed, we must check everywhere. Whatever accident has befallen Brother Jack, it is obviously serious enough that he has been unable to call for help. But that was not your first thought, Castiel. Do you have some reason to believe that he may have erred?”
“I don’t know.”  She peppered his neck with soft nipping kisses, in between her words. “Maybe you’re just much more of a good boy than you realise.”
“Glad to hear it. My name is Crowley.”  The smile seemed quite genuine, if a little forced.  “I am the Governor of this pleasant little holiday park.  And so long as you remember to be a good little inmate, you and I will probably not see each other again, until you leave for good.”  Dean held his gaze, his face passive.
“It’s not them, the body in Bannerman Road, they didn’t do that.”
Oh and apologies for the terrible, terrible hotel name pun...it's a family joke about a holiday villa in the Costa Del Sol.
“Enough. I don’t know any details, but I can sense that you are trying to make up for something. I know you blame yourself for something, and that whatever it was that happened, I suspect that no one else holds you responsible. I know that you miss your family, and that this… exile… is your way of punishing yourself. And I’m guessing that ‘Crowley’ is your own version of a hair vest.”
Dean almost groaned in disappointment, he looked up, expecting to see Sam, the joke about the Sasquatch being a superb and effective cockblocker freezing in his throat as he stared straight into the deep brown eyes of Jen O’Brien.  Her expression moving swiftly from a welcoming smile to shock to distress.  “S-sorry.  I didn’t…”
He ignored the undoubtedly inappropriate remark from the other end and set his phone down. Becky stood just on the threshold with a beautifully laid tray, complete with a neatly folded napkin in the shape of a lotus flower, a towering pile of sandwich and a bowl of steaming soup.
“Bi-car-bon-nate,” Spengler spells out absent-mindedly, fingers flicking the papers back and forth. “Oh, this is bad, this is bad. The container, a pair of rubber gloves covered this blood mix… CJ,” he looks up for the first time and is half on his feet as he finishes, “It was all wrapped up in your coat.”
He rubs the meat of his shoulder where she has just punched him. “Don’t you dare,” she says, “None of your martyr bull shit around me. Of course, I’ll help, but we can’t hide him forever, we have to get him out.”
Adler was nothing if not thorough and in all honesty, he was feeling rather pleased with his own cleverness despite the setbacks he had experienced. Neither Carter nor Uriel could be traced back to him or the firm.
He let his head drop onto his arms. The defining picture of an exhausted man. Someone touched his hand. Lightly. Hesitant fingertips just barely grazing his knuckles. He started to raise his head, spying the edge of a deep tan trenchcoat, his heart already filling and overflowing, exploded into colour and light.
After that first evening, Meg was expected to join the Angel brothers for the evening meal every night.  She had not wanted to leave Cas with Adler, that first evening.  It was bad enough when he was sedated, but lying there pretending to be unconscious, knowing this man had abducted him, and was prepared to kill him if instructed, would be terrifying him.  She had intended to eat quickly, and get back to him as fast as she could without arousing suspicion, but the meal had extended to five courses.
“You heard him, Bart, now…” The swing of his arm is drink-lazy and uncoordinated, but Bal is distracted by his date following him from the dance floor and the fist makes firm enough contact with the meat of his neck to force him back a few steps.
“We need to get that hard-drive to Charlie,” Bal said. “She’ll crack it if anyone can.”
The look of wry amusement in the lively blue eyes was not lost on Dean as he savoured the aroma floating from the cup flask. Castiel Novak certainly had his measure, and he found that he actually didn’t mind. In fact, he realised he had been looking forward to lunch all morning, and it was no use lying to himself and pretending it was just the prospect of a decent Philly cheese steak sandwich and damned near perfect coffee.
“Young man, unless you plan on stripping me, there’s nothing my granddaughter can’t see.”
It’s only 18 months since Meg Masters succumbed to breast cancer. The news that she had stipulated in her will that Claire should live with Castiel after her death had surprised many, but not Dean. Mike Masters’ family were assholes, if he were in Meg’s shoes he’d probably have chosen Castiel, too. But then Dean knows Castiel to be a kind, caring and loyal man, completely unlike his public image as a heartbreaker.
“I don’t know,” Harry replied honestly.  “She’s in intensive care.  The kid who found her,” he looked at his notes.  “A Garth Fitzgerald, he rang it in as a heart attack, but it was the recoil on the shotgun knocked her off her feet and she bashed her head on the floor as she fell.  They are keeping her in a drug controlled coma while the swelling goes down.  She may not remember anything when she comes round… so don’t rely on her backing…”
They spent the first month or two shoring up the structure of the beach house. Repairing where they could and replacing where they couldn’t. They worked well together right from the off, but after a few weeks of making good, they were so well synchronised they began to get more ambitious. Changing the internal layout of the beach house to take best advantage of the views, and making their own furniture either from scratch or by altering and renovating what already exists. Dean knows he is a capable carpenter, but Castiel is something else. Even that goddamn vicious coffee table that barked his shins on their first night has become a thing of beauty under Castiel’s ministrations.
Castiel doesn’t quite know what to do with the compliment. Dean would make some lame joke about having plenty of practice with wood to deflect it, but even after all this time, Castiel has to fight the conditioning that makes pride, even justified pride, a sin. Instead of replying, he simply nods. “Want a beer,” he asks.
He had to admit, he was shocked, truly shocked. Crowley prided himself on being able to read a man’s nature and intent from the briefest of conversations.  He’d have laid odds on Winchester being no trouble whatsoever and according to the wing supervisor, Benny had worked his usual magic and Winchester had been getting along great. On paper, of course, he was a dangerous criminal. And Crowley did not doubt he had
“The whole of marketing?!”
Castiel is already shaking his head, “No, it wasn’t Bart. It’s nothing, I’m just being stupid…”
“His reputation proceeds him,” Meg growled, spitting blood from her bleeding lip into the deep pile of the carpet. Trace evidence, she thought harshly, try cleaning that enough to hide it from the luminol, fuckwit. “Word has it, his name is the only dick he has worth mentioning.” She cried out slightly as he twisted her wrist viciously as the barb struck home.
She laughed at him.  “That’s my new shorthand for drop dead gorgeous.”
'Jack saw us when I was injured. Benny explained it to him and made him take an oath of secrecy. Gabriel suspected us and admitted to being one of our kind himself. We are among friends here.'
“As safe as he can be. I’m sorry Cas, but you gotta be patient. Even if we weren’t playing a long game, I couldn’t get you out of here by myself.  At the moment the house is crawling with security. Adler is here nearly every day, and they are gatekeeping every visitor to the house.  Thankfully Michael is adamant that you stay here.”
“We make time, Benny. They meet a man in a jumpsuit carrying a tazer and a side arm, they’re gonna shoot first and ask questions later. Now shut up and strip. It’s taken me weeks to steal enough of this shit in your size! Show some gratitude.”
“It’s just, with your record, Mr Novak-"
With a quick, but exaggeratedly nonchalant glance towards him (
“No Charlie, he made me the perfect coffee… and a Philly cheese steak sandwich. It’s like he reads my mind, and … it’s just easy… and I … shit,” he blushed heavily. “Man, I’m lame. I’ve only met him 10 days ago…but we have lunch pretty much every day and...”
“Hm,” he stretched his neck, angling to let her reach further.  “Maybe we should save even more water by going straight to bed…”
Dean nodded, and tried not laugh as he heard a couple of tiny voices gasping, and whispering excitedly to their parents.
A soft tap on the door brought him sharply back to the bathroom.  He eased himself out of the water, holding his hands awkwardly in front of him, and stepped out onto the mat.  “You OK in there?”  He let out a steadying breath, suddenly aware of the relief he felt in hearing the now familiar voice.  It was utterly irrational that they would have found him here, or indeed that they would knock softly on the bathroom door, but the memory was too fresh.  Shock, he realised it made the utterly unrealistic seem possible.
"...if he doesn't start to come round soon, you'll need to call him an ambulance..." Sam. Sam wasn't at the beach, he must still be at the beach, he could feel the sand under his feet.
'Sam!' Castiel cried with joy. 'How have you come to be here tonight?'
He rides the subway to get home. It’s tourist-filled, so close to the museum and this early in the afternoon. In an hour or so the rush hour will begin and it will flood with commuters. He sits, as is his habit when he has the choice, in a seat near the door. The years of therapy may have helped some, but Castiel just feels easier if he has unrestricted access to the nearest exit.
“You throw up down there, little brother and you’re cleaning it up.  I’m not gonna lose my deposit this time.”
Bobby cleared his throat, looking shifty. “I pulled in a couple of favours, and invented some similarities to another case… It’s for Dean,” he added a little defensively. “I’m not gonna leave him swinging, ass in the wind… What have you managed to find?”
--------- com- -et  -ou, tomorrow, 48 hours
“Nah, you look tired, Cas.  Get your head down, and take the second shift.”
He realises he hasn’t responded and Cas has looked away, a faint blush on the one cheek left turned towards Dean as Cas stares out into the street. Crap. Now the silence is awkward, Dean clears his throat to speak, but Cas is already pressing on. “Look I better go find Claire, before she gets in even more trouble. Her grandmother hates me enough as it is, and I’m sure she would relish the chance to throw charges of child endangerment at me. I’ll come back at closing time, say half-six and collect this little lot. We can grab a drink and I’ll give you a lift to your hotel.”
“Freak.” He was rewarded with a grin.
Dean follows easily as he tugs his arm and leads him to the bedroom. They have slipped into a pattern in this space that is all their own.
Adler jumped awake so violently that his feet fell off the counter, his heels striking the floor with a painful jolt. Disorientated, his mind stumbled and wobbled to the reason. Silence. It rang in his ears, desensitised by the harmonic drone, gradually the insect noise and whistle of air currents over the hot ground replaced the swoosh in his ears. The generator had cut out. Cursing mildly, he straightened his jacket and stood up. He had checked the tank on his arrival, it shouldn’t have run out of fuel. He grabbed the pack of hand wipes from the counter and squinted into the brilliance of the desert.
New phones have full tracking service so we can keep tabs on you and Claire if we need to. Bitch is out to getcha, Cas. Any way she can. take care.
'Bela!' her mother called out, but Bela ignored her.
Alastair mumbled something, but Dean didn’t catch it. He hadn’t seen Bass as he was marched from ISO, but then again it was dark as hell, maybe he had been slumped on the floor behind the guard station. Well crap, that meant he was on his own: He had to find a way to make them release him from this chair.
It is only when the door flies open and he hears one of the older children calling him, that he realises something is afoot. He sets down the basket of pegs just as some of the younger children come in from outside, running towards him. Maybe in other circumstances, he would consider what a compliment it is to be their safe haven, but the disquiet in their faces has him squatting and collecting them into his arms. He calms them as best he can, when one of the older children rushes in, leading Jack, his own face white with fear. He ushers the youngsters out with the older girl and leads Jack towards the small bathroom behind the Learning Room. He strokes his bangs back from his face. “They tried to make me go with them, Castiel. They tried to make me go back to quarantine. Why did they do that, Castiel? I haven’t told anyone the secret. Not anyone.” He repeats the phrases over and over, gripping his own arms, hugging himself as he rocks. It is then that Castiel notices the blood spreading from his hands onto the white sleeves of his loose-fitting shirt.
“Oh, no. I wasn’t…”
He puts on his trenchcoat and carries his boots outside, the sand is cold under his feet and a thick bank of cloud has covered the moon, by the time he clears the dunes the rain is falling hard and dripping from his hair.
It is as the time for late afternoon worship approaches that Castiel becomes aware that things are not as they should be.
“I need your help,” Castiel whispers simply.
“You’re wondering why.” He confirmed her unspoken question. “I can’t touch the Angel case. I go near it… well… my career as an agent is already probably over, but I might even screw up the case… the last thing we need is his defence portraying me as some crazed vengeful agent. I need something to do, I quietly sit out my suspension, do nothing for weeks on end, I'm gonna go crazy. This I can do. If I can’t take that bastard down, I can at least do something to get some good out of this.” He took a slug of coffee and Jody silently re-filled his mug letting him talk. “Lomax was a good agent, Jody, more than that... hell, he was a good man. He didn’t deserve… Joe and I, we talked quite a bit. The agency was more than just a job for him, it was something he had wanted to do before he knew what an agent was and he was prepared to lose it all, his lifelong dream, just because it was the right thing to do. It cost him his life."
. By placing your rings on this finger, they will always be fixed to the source of your love.'
She sat back and stared from one to the other, before retrieving the laptop bag with a gleeful little smirk. “Crowley said, I was on no account to bring you your laptop, that I absolutely should not load it up with all the latest files, and I should definitely not point you in the direction of Jenna Hughes’ statement. So I, of course, have carefully not followed his instructions to the letter. He says he’ll be over tonight to brief you as soon as he escapes the DCC. I think he misses you. He’s grumpy as hell.”
A man, probably around his own age, walked in the warm place.
He suppresses a whine and lets his face relax, forcing one eye to open, blinking against the brilliance of the torch.  “Good lad.  Think you can swallow a couple of pills?”
“I don’t know it,” Bal said calmly. “Relax Cassie, she’s probably already in the air. As soon as we get back to the hotel, we’ll plug the phone into the computer and run the decryption on it.”
Now as the rising sun striped deep maroon shadows across the reddened sandy landscape, reflecting brightly from the squat white stucco of a sprawl of single storey buildings, he waited patiently in the parking lot. Outside the car the heat was beginning to build already and he left the engine running just so the soft purr of the climate control could keep him at a pleasant 72 degrees.
He let his fingers wander, playing with his own senses, easing the tension and the longing into arousal, imagining it was Dean’s touch and not his own sending little shock-waves of pleasure down his spine to pool in his gut. He let his hands slide lower and lower, tweaking at his own nipples, teasing himself, letting the feeling build until he could hardly stand it. Only once he was panting did he grope for the shower gel, using its slick coconut scent as lubricant to ease the glide of his fist, allowing his other hand to wander, pinching and massaging and tapping wherever felt good.
No-one can possibly still be alive in what is left of his home, but maybe they got out. Maybe they are hiding in the barn or one of the pens. He has to know. He has to look for them.
“I’m an Uncle, Cas.  I have a nephew.  8 pounds 10 ounces of healthy baby boy.  Jess is fine.  A bit sore, but that’s her own fault for mating with a moose.  Jesus.  A boy.  Oh God… I’m an Uncle…”
Crowley shrugged. “A trophy?” he guessed, “or lunch?” He added dryly, raising his eyebrows and causing Dean to huff a reluctant laugh.
The Prince disappeared from his eye line and try as he might he could find no way to sit or lie comfortably that made it possible to free his arms to break the bread. He was just considering giving up when the Prince returned with an ewer of water and the washing basin. Dean eyed him warily, as he soaked a cloth and used it to wipe Dean’s face and neck.
“Morning, Clairebear,” he says, just to be irritating. Dropping his kit bag and changing boots. “Saw Cas parking up. Ah, speak of the devil! Hey Cas.”
“No way am I letting Agents Jay and Zee pull some ‘Look right here’ shit on my brain and no way are you going to play Stepford wife, either.”
Hannah tells him not to worry as they cuff his wrists behind him and fold him carefully into the waiting police car. She needn’t be so concerned. Castiel doesn’t care enough about himself to worry.
“So when exactly is the last time either of you saw your brother?”
I knew I had to come to save…”  Cas’ head dropped.  They were so close now that the unruly dark brown hair tickled his nose.  All the playfulness was gone from Cas’ voice, “...I’m so sorry Dean, I nearly blew it, I thought...when I saw you drop...I thought…”
"I figured with all the yoga, you'd be a goji berry and quinoa nut like Sammy." Castiel looked puzzled and Dean blushed when he realised Castiel had no idea that he had been watching his sessions on the beach. "I saw you, hm, see you, sometimes, after dusk... ya know... you're very graceful," he finished lamely.
“I will never ‘appreciate’ Her. She can keep me prisoner, but that is what I will always remain. A prisoner, not a willing participant, not anything but a captive held against my will and I will never be Her pet.”
Dean stared at him suspiciously, but he let himself be fed, chewing thoughtfully, and that is how they continued. Until only a small section of the crust remained and Dean was full. A quiet knock at the door startled them both. The prince jumped to his feet and pushed the stool away with his feet, even as Dean moaned with the pain of his own sudden movement.
He had needed to pee for at least the last half hour.
He had confided in Jess of his concern for Marcy. “I don’t want her to get too exhausted, she’s remarkable and strong, but she shouldn’t really have left the hospital. She’s had two attempts on her life in less than a month and I’d feel so much happier knowing at least she was getting some rest. She won’t go for her own sake, and we’ll never get her to go to bed, but if I convince her to help you with JD...well she can doze on the sofa or in a chair… like she does at the gas station. Gabe and I will look after Sam, I promise. One of you should be with your son, there’s nothing more to decide, just waiting. As soon as we hear back about Dean, Sam will be right down to you anyway. Wild horses wouldn’t keep him away, you know that.”
Cas frowned.  Be careful?  He wasn’t afraid of his brothers, it was too late for being careful anyway.  He had already shouted at both of them this morning.  Any chance he had of convincing Michael of the truth was gone at the moment.
Fortunately, Gabriel's information proved accurate. The scout did not even need to be tied- he quite happily surrendered and agreed to ride back to the Talbot estate without making a sound to warn the rest of the party, and even wished the Riteous Man and Avenging Angel good fortune in their attempt. When they approached the carriage, which was moving rather slowly due to the heavy load of luggage and passengers, Dean called out, 'Halt!' and the driver obeyed at once.
“We’re co-signatories, Dean. I have tried to explain the situation to them, but they won’t budge. We’ve already racked up an extra two month of charges...I’ve forfeited my share of the deposit to cover some of the costs, but I don’t have enough to pay it all off. You know, I feel bad enough about all this already. I know this isn’t fair on you…”
Castiel watched from the shadows, not wishing to be noticed.  He slipped his fingers into his pocket closing them around the blade of the peeling knife he had brought with him, reassured by the smoothness of the worn handle as it slotted lightly into his palm, the apple in his other pocket, his excuse for carrying it bumped against his leg.  He hoped the law hadn’t changed since he left England.  It would be just his luck to end up getting arrested for possession of a concealed weapon.  That would truly cap a disastrous week.
Dean looked up at him with a harried expression.  “Grow a pair,” Crowley drawled, “you might even enjoy yourself.  Anyone would think you were going to your own execution!”
Mrs Kunsberger simply nodded.  “The cash register sticks sometimes, just tap the side with your fist and she’ll open up for you.”
“First rule of A wing?”  Dean smirked.  “You’re not in the Navy anymore, Benny.”
Cas looked thoughtful and then interjected.  “I believe if you check with the nursing staff they will affirm that I am more than capable of ensuring all the routine checks are carried out and to redress his wounds.”  Sam’s face, which had twisted into a wicked little smile, snapped back to bright-eyed innocence as the doctor turned towards him. Cas continued earnestly, “his brother and I can ensure his convalescence continues safely.  He can stay with us… at my house.  There is plenty of room.”
Dean sat in his office, staring at the wall. He glanced at the clock. 3 pm. Sam would probably be settling down to some god awful rabbit food breakfast with his happy family, Bobby would be in the office working through paperwork and already drinking his umpteenth coffee to counteract the fact that he’d had too much scotch the night before. Jody would be rounding up however many disaffected and lost children and youths she was currently fostering and herding them into the people carrier she kept for this very purpose so she could drop them all at the relevant schools, before heading into work or move about town, making sure folks felt safe and cared for. Methodically going through the whereabouts of everyone he knew, to distract himself from the one person he didn’t want to think about, he was making himself feel homesick. He grabbed his phone and dialled the number, hearing Jess’ voicemail spiel when Crowley appeared at the door. He hung up just as the beep to leave a message sounded.
Henrikson picked up the hesitation in his colleague's voice. “Having second thoughts, Lomax?”
She bit the inside of her lip nervously. Winchester had better bring flowers when this shit was over if he ever wanted to sit down to dinner again!
Very much worse. Ephraim sighed. He had signed off the contents of two ambulances already this morning, shortly after his arrival at work. Both occupants with head injuries. One heading straight off for the hour long journey to the local hospital. The other crew working steadily to stabilise their patient, the crackle over the radio talking about the arrival of the medevac chopper and severe head injuries. The grimness on their faces clear. The prognosis was poor.
“Mrs Glenn.”
“Everyone has been asking after you,”  Bess said.  “A trucker called in yesterday, and he was so shocked when he saw Garth.”  She leant forward conspiratorially, “I thought he was gonna cry.  We told him, you were in the hospital but that you would be back soon, and he says, ‘you tell her I’ll be back through in four weeks and I expect to see her back, nagging me into taking some fruit juice and home-made pie.”
Cas shook his head, but he smiled anyway. And turned his head towards the sea. Nostrils flaring slightly as he sniffed at the breeze.
He dropped the dossier on the seat between them and turned the ignition.  The mug shot of a sandy-haired youngster, with soft chiselled features and green eyes, slid out onto the floor, as Carter entered the zip code of an auto parts shop in Lusk, Wyoming into the satnav.
“Sam,” he took a deep breath, staring into his eyes, “I know you distrust me. I get it, okay? But you’re my brother and if this isn’t some sort of destiny shit telling me that we never should’ve stopped talking, then I don’t know what it is.”
“Gabe used to make me PB&J.  Whenever I got upset, no matter what else was going on no matter what the time was, no matter how busy he was… three sandwiches and a glass of milk.  After he’d gone I couldn’t bear to eat them anymore.  They tasted of loss.”
“My brothers all tried in their way,” Castiel continued, “but we were… or are… rather a dysfunctional family. Gabe escaped, but that left me without an ally. I will never be as close to any of them as I would like. Michael and Raphael because they were too authoritarian, and Gabe, because it felt like he abandoned me. I’ve forgiven them all, but I can never forget, you can’t undo the damage that is done to you as a child. It did, however, and this is why I am explaining this to you, make it much easier for me to just walk away from my family when circumstances demanded it.”
“Fuck it,” O’Brien muttered under her breath and closed the space between them before she had the chance to change minds.
“Indeed, Castiel,” The Leader pauses and drops a hand to Castiel’s shoulder. “Your mother was an incredible asset to the Collective. A truly inspirational woman. She was a great loss to us all.”
serious about it.
He is not sure how long he has been staring at the graffiti-covered wall opposite his bunk. He’s given little thought and cares even less as to whether it’s just him who spends all day locked in a little room or if all the inmates have it this bad. The only times he leaves the confines of its grey painted walls and grim metal fixings is to meet with lawyers and cops or be prodded by medics.
By the time he was (mostly) upright and the shakes had receded to something manageable (he was no longer in danger of losing teeth) the sea had almost reached his scattered belongings. Dean sat quietly sipping the remnants of the energy drink waiting until he felt sure he could stand without swooning like some teenage drama queen, his phone uncomfortably hot against his ear as he listened miserably to a weapons-grade lecture on his lack of self-care. He pushed down his irritation at every truth, working hard to suppress his tendency to snark when he was in the wrong. Irresponsible, reckless, idiotic, dangerous, foolhardy... Sam's list of his failings on this score was endless.
The hot breath behind his ear, reminds him of her playful, melodic voice, as she slid her fingers into his groaning body,
Adler swallowed.  “Carter is using his contacts within law enforcement.  There was an altercation in a town a few hours drive from his last known whereabouts.”
The torq which hid him from the scrying of witches, and the summoning of his father’s kind, also stole his voice so that he couldn’t be tricked into confiding who or what he was to anyone. She told him often that the fact that it also stole his free will making him pliable to Her wishes and unable to ignore Her direct commands was, of course, just an unwelcome side effect that She preferred not to use.
“That’s enough, Bart,” Castiel snaps. “You’re drunk. I don’t want you near me tonight or any night. Now please just go home and sleep it off.”
“Spring.”
'Why would I be angry?'
He would drive away from here tonight, put a good couple of hundred miles distance in, find a decent hotel, eat a good meal, a steak or veal, hm veal would be good, maybe hire some company, and get a damned good night’s sleep. He had earned it.
But Bal is having none of it. “We both know you are incapable of being stupid,” he says calmly and Castiel lets himself be swept up into a comforting hug. Firm fingers are sweeping wide circles over his back and his arm and he lets himself crumple a little, burying his head in the older man’s shoulder.
Cas shrugged.  He’d spent last night under the trees at the side of the highway, but it hadn’t been so cold and he hadn’t spent all day walking in the rain.
He managed to strangle off the gasp of relief as he ripped open his fly and finally relaxed. He stared at himself in the metal mirror splashback, he was at 89 Mississippi when his flow ceased. Perfect. He had time to rinse his hands. With a final quick sweep of an eyebrow with the damp pad of his thumb, he turned to leave the room. His first action when the door didn’t open as he pushed was to think himself an idiot for not unlocking the door. His second was a panicked yanking at the handle when it refused to slide free. His third was a surge of relief as the lock slid open, only to have the door remain stubbornly resistant as he struggled to exit the room.
“But she’s…”  Cas paused.  How could he convince Michael?  “It’s Raphael, he’s trying to undermine her because she won’t…”
Victor handed over a small bag of doughnuts and a muddy looking coffee, by way of a bribe.  They discussed the contents of the report, and then Victor made his move. “You’ve seen it all before, Newton.  You’re an intelligent man, and a good cop,” he flattered softly.  “What’s your gut feeling?”
“Drink Dean.  Swallow these.  Just to help with the headache.”  A cup pressed to his lip, he slurps the water and swallows.  The pills dissolving slightly and leaving that horrible medicinal taste lingering on his tongue.
Drew Nicholls body looked exceedingly pale in the autopsy photos, now that the pooled blood had been washed from his skin. The blonde hair increased the impression of a pastel palette, in stark comparison to the gory vivid colours of the actual crime scene images.
Dean gave her a shove. "Sorry, Cas, you have to forgive Jo, we grew up together and she's the one-word answer to the question 'why do I usually come here alone?'. Castiel is mute, Jo, not deaf. He rescued me at the beach today, and I'm buying him dinner as a thank you."
“I cleared the space out for her, s’all ready,” Garth smiled into the phone as Beth put a fresh mug of coffee on the age-worn wooden surface of Marcy’s kitchen table.
He drove all the way down to the lakeside and parked up.  A couple of other early risers were already there.  He could see someone fishing from the pontoon where he had taught his scrawny, irritating little brother how to swim.  He smiled at the memory, for the first time in years it was not soured with regret.  He scrolled open his phone and sent a simple message.  Three little emojis. An angel, a thumbs up and a car. He waited, breath held.  It seemed an eternity before it chirped back at him.  He glanced at it.  Turned slowly in a big circuit around the gravelly expanse of the car park and set the car back down the lane.
Aware that he is not paying his friend proper attention and that the guaranteed income is exactly what he needs at the moment, Dean cuts him off, “As it happens I do have some time to spare…”
“Right, water’s good.  Soon as you’re in, I’m gonna change quick and go pick us up some take out.”
Baby was covered with dust sheets and parked in Sam’s garage. Dean didn’t know it, but Sam religiously turned over the Impala’s engine every week and once a month drove her onto his driveway so that he and the kids could wash and polish her. The car had been their Dad’s, his car and his private journal, kept since the death of their mother, religiously recording his work and detailing the criminals he was tracking, were the only things he’d left his two sons, when he took a single gun shot wound to the chest and bled out slowly on the side of a Kentucky highway. Dean had the car and Sam had the journal. It had never occurred to either of them that it should be any different.
The silence before a reply was long, longer than usual, and Cas realized what he’d said.
Cas tried to push himself up, but gasped in pain, hands recoiling into fists as he overbalanced and fell heavily against Dean.  The sudden impact knocked him back, and his head connected with the wall behind him hard enough for stars to dance briefly in the darkness of the motel room.
"Not yet maybe," Sam grumbled, the fight finally draining from his voice. "Jesus, Dean, do you have any idea what it's like getting a text from your brother's phone from a complete stranger asking what he can do to help you because he can't get any sense out of you and you just collapsed on the beach in front of him?"
Jane stared at the overloaded board. She would dearly have loved to have called in the rest of the team for overtime, but … budgets… she sighed, the bane of her life...
Dean let his head hang forward, the cut over his eye had finally begun to clot. The pain in his ribs wasn’t too bad provided he didn’t try to move, or cough (or breathe, his sarcastic little inner voice added). He huffed slightly. His current situation wasn’t a laughing matter, but he knew from past bitter experience if he did laugh, it was gonna hurt like fuck. They were ignoring him now, he wondered at what point they were gonna figure out they didn’t actually need him anymore.
“He trusts you.”
Slowly, Cas lifted his head. Hooded lids and lashes hiding his eyes as he continued to stare stubbornly at his hands.
“The autopsy evidence, with its... well, the, erm, ritualistic stuff obviously points straight to your involvement.” Spengler grimaces an apology as Castiel flinches.
He struggled against the very real restraints as the vehicle jolted to a halt and he opened his eyes. The torq burned at his skin, but he could feel it’s vulnerabilities, like a lifting scab on a wound. It damped his powers, but he was still strong and muscular, maybe he could break the manacles free of the door. He started to shift in his seat, feeling with his fingers along the edge of the handle seeking a weak spot.
Balthazar stares at him open-mouthed, then his face clouds and Castiel doesn’t give him chance to recover enough to speak, just shoves past him and flees outside without stopping to collect his coat.
“I like frogs. They’re fascinating little creatures.”
The downward pressure on the bed shifted and he tilted into the contact, lips parting slightly in anticipation. Tantalisingly close, as if mere molecules were separating them, the click of the door opening was impossibly loud. The weight lifted from the bed beside him as Cas jumped upright.
Dean sighed, to know your place in history. To have links trailing back for centuries… it was unfathomable to him. Their own history was so vague as to be ridiculous. His grandfather, Henry, had been a sore point with John and asking any questions about Mary had just been asking for trouble. His father would stiffen and within a few hours, he’d be off on a bender, spiralling into drinking and grief for days on end, leaving Dean to fend for himself and care for Sammy as best he could. So he knew even less about Mary’s family, losing her far too young to really have asked her much directly.
Castiel hears the squeals of the children while he is hanging the brightly coloured paintings by wooden pegs from the drying line. Initially, Castiel assumes they are just letting off steam as they play in the garden. It is the only time they are really free to express their joy and excitement, the rest of their lives too regimented. He is the only one who gives them that freedom, and he often feels guilty that this is all he can offer them. He wishes he could open their eyes to what The Collective had become, but he knows if he does he will be shunned by the elders, and then who will protect and support the young ones and be there to help them if they decide they need to leave.
Cas sighed.  “I’m still not safe.  Raph’s dangerous Meg, really, really fucking dangerous.  You need to be careful.  He still might get someone to harm Dean, he...he might hurt you.”
“Calm down.  I believe you all right.  This whole thing stinks.  But we have to work out the best action to take.  The DA is already pressing for a psych report on you.  An unprovoked attack on someone who was widely regarded as a ‘friend’ of yours… ”
“Yes, Adler. You take care of Lucifer.” There was a pause, as Raphael did something his end. The sounds distorted as if Raphael had his hand over the receiver, a strange muffled groan echoed through the speakers. What they heard next shocked them all, even Cas, who had borne the knowledge or at least the suspicion of it for months. “I didn’t realise you were awake. How very careless of me to talk here.” Raphael’s voice was completely cold, devoid of emotion or warmth. They almost missed what he said next under the sound of each other’s reactions; Michael gave a sob, his unknown female companion saying piteously, “Oh, Michael.” Jess gasped, Marcy muttering “Bastard” under her breath. Bal groaning. Only Sam and Cas remained silent. That cold dispassionate tone was not new to Cas, he had heard it before, ordering his own disappearance as he fought for his life on the floor of the family kitchen. Just as he suspected Meg had fought for hers in the sumptuous surroundings of the family lounge.
Non-con in the form of a violent sexual assault and the threat of rape.
“Well first, I need you to track my cell phone, but to do that, you’ll have to hack into my provider’s network files, because I don’t have a tracker program installed. Can you do that?”
“They’re on there way back here.  Cas took quite some convincing that he couldn’t just go straight to the DA’s office, apparently … Kali has managed to pull some strings and arranged a meeting for tomorrow afternoon.  She suggests we all meet up after Dinner to go over the strategy and sort out what Cas is going to say. You look tired, Sam.”
The Leader pauses and they stand together looking out across the graveyard at the edge of their land. Just beyond those trees are the fences. It was only once the scales had fallen from Castiel’s eyes that he noticed that the barbed wire tops curled inward as well as outward.
“Do you have a licence plate for this Impala?  I write them all down see, in my log book by the till.”  She smiled at him disarmingly,  “My memory ain’t always what it should be. I might have made a mistake.”
Halfway back, he was beginning to curse his own pride. His legs still refused to behave properly and his head was beginning to ache. Worse still, there was no way in hell he was going to be safe to drive his truck. Apparently, Castiel was at least one step ahead of him, setting him down gently and typing into the phone.
“CJ,” he says, just loud enough to be heard. “I hoped you’d not given up on the club. It’s good to see you.” His hand is heavy on Castiel’s knee as he pulls up the stool next to him.
He was drawn out of his thoughts, by the clang of the door.  The man in front of him, dressed in the same orange clothes as he wore himself, was huge.  Broad, and bearded, silhouetted against the light, his shadow seemed to fill the tiny cell.  He stepped forward and the dim light from the dirty ceiling fitting struck his features.  A pair of intelligent blue, green eyes flicked over Dean appraisingly.  His lips pursed, “Tres jolie.  Aren’t you just every bit as much of a pretty boy as they told me you were?”
