“‘Cause I seem to remember the guy making those stupid Sexiest Man lists, back in the day.”
“Strategic Response.” Well, fuck.
Rhodey:
“Are you secure enough to take a private call, Captain Rogers?”
“Sir…” Steve chose his words with care. “If the threat is imminent—”
“But, whatever, even if I did, Mr. Stark is
Steve tried not to mind the irony of that.
If you're looking for an explanation of the universe I'm working in, with minor spoilers, you can check out my post on Tumblr:
, Captain. He's more concerned with fitting in, with convincing everyone that he's a ‘normal’ kid, than he is with his own potential. And I'm sorry, but that...” Tony’s nostril’s flared. “That's something he learned at home: Toxic humility.”
https://earnestdesire.tumblr.com/post/628633949754867712/regarding-canon-with-minor-spoilers
“Nothing.”
. “Even if you don't want to advance him through his other subjects, he's ready for college-level science. I'm the only teacher here who can give him that. I want to. And I’d like to pair him up with one of my students from Columbia, to meet with them both here on campus—Principal Potts has already okayed it, if you agree. Peter should probably advance in math, too, if you're open to it. I can help you find a mathematics tutor from the university, as well. If you want.”
“Pete! Dinner! You want Italian or thousand-island on your salad?”
The hummer stopped at a red light, idling quietly, and Tony let himself sink into the feeling of Indy’s warm, strong hand. It was good. It was simple. His eyes were closed, and his head was still pleasantly buzzed after hours of drinking a bit too much in public. Rhodey was home, if not technically in Tony’s
Indy pressed harder against Tony’s erection, talented fingers lowering the zipper. “Why would I give you a fake name that actually sounded fake?”
Tony:
Tony took in his student’s twisted mouth, his noisy fingers, his carefully-styled hair. He was so damn young. Still wearing his house key strung onto his lanyard, recent student photo smiling with too many teeth. Something in Tony’s chest clenched tight.
“I want him to be happy.”
Rogers eyes narrowed and head tilted, like he’d seen something in Tony that didn’t meet expectations. That was a pretty familiar look. Then Officer Ken Doll hightailed it out of the office before Tony could even round his desk.
Rhodey:
“Hello, sir. How can I help you?”
Tony:
That made Steve tense up, again. Jasper Sitwell was Fury’s second-in-command. If Sitwell wasn’t clued in, Steve knew it must be more serious than Fury was letting on over the phone. He’d said it wasn’t terrorism, though.
ahead. Instead, he's afraid to raise his hand, afraid to stand out. Most of these kids probably have no idea he exists. He is in
“You, too.”
Steve came. He came hard enough that he had to sit down, curled up awkwardly on the floor of the too-small cast iron tub. He bit hard on his lip to stifle the moan.
Couldn’t be a missing person. Those were time-sensitive.
Tony:
Tony snorted a laugh. “Tell me where you’re at on the tensile strength. Blow my mind, Pumpkin Eater.”
Jesus Christ.
and late-night fantasy daddies tell no tales.
“Indy? What the
“We had a good meeting. He’s an interesting guy.” Steve said. He dialed open the gun safe in the dining room closet, and stowed his equipment inside. Peter rocked back and forth on his feet (heel-toe, heel-toe). Steve shot him a raised eyebrow. “You were really that worried?”
that seems like a thing i would call you!
, but Dad won’t get that. So, please don’t.”
“Call me Indy,” the hooker murmured.
Rhodey looked abashed. “I know. Shit, I know, that crazy meeting with the board—”
The older man bristled. “Not tonight, I’m not.”
Howard Stark's voice boomed inside his head, reminded him: “Never let them see you cry, boy. Never let them see they’ve got you.”
The day of the parent/teacher conference turned Peter Parker Rogers into a twitchy, inattentive mess. He spilled Cheetos on the lab floor. His lips were bitten. He tore through his paper with his pencil lead. It would have been funny, if Tony’s own nerves weren’t skittering around inside his chest as well.
Where would Indy go? What was he going to tell the police? He was on camera leaving the gala with Tony, wasn’t he? Rhodey had seen the guy, up close and personal. When Obie realized Tony was missing, that was the first place everyone would look.
“Did Mr. Stark tell you about the other kid he wants you to work with?”
“You’re not that great, Tony.”
The imaginary man looked up.
“All right, Sitwell. I can talk.”
Tony startled. “Oh! Yes, great, okay. Really?”
what does chromedome call rewind to get his motor running?
“Nah, no way,” he replied, patting Mr.
He told Rhodey the truth: he had no reason to contact Captain Steve Rogers.
“You want money? Ransom? I’ll transfer the funds right now. You don’t need to take me anywhere. I’ll give you as much as you want.”
I’m straight, not celibate.
“Nope.”
, the chief had said. The best and worst side effect of Steve’s ADHD was hyperfocus, which made him a singularly effective tactician and strategist, but also completely incapable of relaxing. He was mission-oriented by nature. “Soldier scowl,” they called it around the station.
“Nothing!” Peter squeaked.
“I’m going home now, with that man over there. And, potentially, that blonde girl at the bar, if she’s into that kind of thing—”
extraordinary. One of the brightest kids I’ve ever worked with, which is saying something. He should be starting university this year, not high school. He's gifted.”
. I don’t even like guys like that!”
“I don’t.”
“Ahhhh—no. No can do. Under normal circumstances, BFF time is the best time. You know this. Right now, though, I need to have sex, and you remain strictly off the menu.”
Once he was clean, Steve pulled on tight briefs, loose workout shorts, and a t-shirt, then retrieved a cock from the top drawer of his dresser. He positioned his packer carefully, because it was a nightmare if it rubbed him the wrong way while he was working out. He grabbed himself a hoodie that fit just a little too small—probably Bucky’s—and trotted downstairs as the doorbell rang.
Bucky snorted. “Shoulder’s fine. Spider-son is
“Really,” he nodded, his hand passing over Tony’s half-hard cock. “Indries, actually, but I go by Indy.”
Big, brown eyes. Dark hair curling in the damp. Just a glimpse of a long, thin cock bobbing between spread knees. Full goatee and white teeth grinning and
“I understand.”
Mass shooting—Steve’s brain shied away. (Of course not. He’d be en route already.) He knocked his skull against the tile once, trying to clear his head.
Rhodey:
He was... yeah, hands-down, the most beautiful human being Tony had ever seen, and he’d slept with actual supermodels, back in the day. This was now, officially, awkward as fuck.
Tony:
“He really likes you, too. He thinks you’re a genius.”
Rhodey:
“Rogers. Fury here.”
It was good. Even if it wasn’t always enough.
“Look, Mr. Stark, my dad isn’t really that... I mean, he’s a by-the-book kind of guy...”
Tony grabbed the business card, memorizing the phone number almost faster than he could read it. He flipped the card.
And it was good. Pete came back inside, pink-cheeked and smiling, and Bucky had cheese trailing from his mouth, stuck to his stubble, and it was
“Sorry,” Peter muttered, not very apologetically, and dropped his head to his notes.
“Totally,” Bucky said.
“Let me take a picture of you kissing me, and you won’t need to pay me,” he smirked. “I’ll eat for a year on the royalties.”
(Steve was banned from competing after too many quick victories). Tonight, it was a disorganized mix of Peter’s school books and Steve’s pencil sketches. The “dining room” only ever fulfilled its purpose when Bucky’s sister visited from New Jersey.
“Hey girl,” he murmured, ruffling her ears. “Want a treat?”
Never. What’s going on?
i shit you not, war machine, i wanted to tap on his chest to make sure he was real.
“Nope,” Tony smiled. “Grab your coat, Paul Bunyan. Let’s get out of here.” The man (who was, let’s face it, probably a prostitute) looked bemused, but went immediately to the coat check. People who weren’t hookers usually asked more questions. Tony looked back toward the bar, considering the merits of charming a certain blonde C-list celebrity into joining the party. Rhodey’s snapping fingers snagged his attention once more.
“Captain Rogers—”
Tony took a breath.
Jesus. Sorry, man.
“Peter? No, hey, look at me.” When wide brown eyes met his own, the older man frowned. “I will not do anything to jeopardize our tutoring sessions. All right? I know we joke around in here, because that’s how I like to work, but I do know that you’re still a kid. And I do run a very powerful company.”
. Water sliding down the stranger’s body, along the muscles of his lean back. The stubble felt softer than expected, longer, so Steve pictured a dark beard. He wasn't usually a fan of facial hair, but it felt fucking exquisite against his stomach as the man bit down on Steve’s slick hip.
Rhodey:
and probably hitting closer to
“You know,” Steve said, bumping a shoulder into Peter, “I didn’t mean it when I said I didn’t like Mr. Stark. Buck was just baiting me.”
Tony laughed out loud, but wasn’t tool enough to admit that. Lucky Rhodey texted, actually. He had to meet Bruce in less than an hour, and Bruce had very limited tolerance for Tony’s (mostly imaginary) love life. He pulled off his glasses and rubbed both eyes, leaning back precariously in his rolling chair.
don’t shade my young padawan. peter’s cute, for an ACTUAL CHILD.
“I'd like to keep tutoring him,” Tony said, trying for
Rhodey:
this evening, and Indy was breathing warm against his neck, and the StarkPhone prototypes were nearly ready for presentation to the board, and Tony had a few ideas to address the kinks in the next stage of AI development which, yeah,
Fury paused, then said, “Jesus, yeah. I suppose. He ought to be able to keep a lid on it.”
Captain Rogers was built like a
The door on Tony’s left side flew open. So did Tony’s eyes.
“Rhodey, Honeybear, Pudding Pop, you know you’re my one-and-only. The McCoy to my Kirk! The unfortunately platonic love of my life. Jealousy does not become you.”
Tony snorted. “
“Is it true you went 12 for 12 with last year’s
“True,” Tony nodded, smiling back. “But you’ll lose it all in legal fees when I bury you in defamation paperwork.”
“He’s older than you guys.”
Suspected drownings, likewise. Plus, his team weren’t usually the first call.
also, because his chest was like WHOA.
. I'm bringing up an extraordinary
Steve sighed, but politely. “Give me a minute, Sitwell. I’m in the gym.” He trotted back toward the front, indicating his cell phone when Phillips’s gray eyebrows went up. Goldie followed Steve out the door, and parked herself next to him on the quiet sidewalk.
Rogers huffed a rather foreboding sound. “I think we're done here.”
Student’s fathers are also a bad idea, FYI.
“good looking,” ha! you’re adorable.
“Takes after his old man, don't you, kid?”
Steve frowned. It’d been more than a month since he’d spoken to Chief Fury directly, and never in his off-hours. He ran a hand over Goldie’s head, absentminded, while his brain cycled through increasingly thorny possibilities.
“Can I ask you a question?” Lumber-Jacked said, amused and flirty.
Indy stayed behind in Tony’s car, watching through the open door until Tony was stripped to his underwear, handcuffed, gagged, and seated in the back of the van. His clothing, phone, and other items disappeared to God-knew-where. Once Tony was secure in the van, the doppelganger stepped out, adjusted his cuffs, and joined Indy in the hummer. No one said a word. A gunman kept his pistol pressed to the back of Tony’s neck. Indy smiled, but his eyes were flat; he gave Tony a small wave before the door to the van slammed shut.
“Anytime,” Rogers nodded. That was a hell of a lie, but he was still wearing that small smile. He made a little humming sound, almost nervous, and then clicked his tongue before saying, “Let me give you my number. I’ve got yours from Pete. We can hash out details, come to some kind of agreement about the college courses.”
He caught Rhodey’s eye one last time before the car door shut, and then watched his best friend turn back inside through the darkly tinted window.
“I hardly think your dad is going to pull you out of tutoring just because I made a joke.”
“He is,” Captain Rogers agreed, shooting Pete a proud look. The teenager flushed.
“I’m serious, Mr. Stark. You can’t say stuff like that to him!”
Rhodey pointed to his own handsome, scowling face. “This is not the face of a jealous man. This is the face of a man whose best friend is wasting himself on hookers and embarrassingly accurate
Chester Phillips had to be pushing eighty, these days, and still sat behind the front counter every morning. He rarely smiled. Steve thought the man might be one of his closest friends, though they never used the word.
His big hand slid onto Tony’s thigh, up and up, and Tony leaned back with a heavy sigh. The street noise was muffled, the privacy panel up between the driver and the back seat. “What should I call you?” Tony asked.
Rhodey:
Steve’s nostrils flared. “She sure sounds… Interesting.”
“He sounds dreamy,” Bucky deadpanned. Peter squawked in outrage.
“He’s kind of proper. About some things.” Peter’s tapping ramped up, and he avoided Tony’s eye. “Just, like, don’t swear when you talk to him, okay? And don’t do that weird thing where you call everybody by nicknames.”
*sigh* fine.
fuck off.
That was... Okay, that was pretty nice, really. Embarrassing, but... considerate. Tony grinned, even as he fought back a blush.
“Yeah, buddy,” he called back. “You guys have dinner on?”
for Tony. That’s all. He looked like he could chop down a tree.
I’ll call Pep. Or your AA sponsor.
Peter, it seemed, was incapable. He drummed his fingers against the desk. His eyes darted, again and again, to the door. He made an odd little whistling sound between his teeth, until Tony was tempted to gag him with his yellow Hufflepuff scarf.
“The book? Which book?” Tony quipped, smirking at Peter’s rattled demeanor. “
. He’s climbing the GD walls.”
“And don’t break my goddamn bag!” Phillips shouted after him. Steve smiled.
MACK DADDY
“Why the hell would I do that?”
“You don’t, but you will tomorrow. Sleep well, Rogers.”
“I’m fine. Stop fussing. I’m going home with a lumberjack-in-look-only, to have very dignified sex. I’ll even leave on the bowtie.”
“—So if you’d like a ride, you need to retrieve your sense of adventure from the coat check, ASAP.”
“I regret nothing,” Tony replied with smug gravitas.
Rhodey:
, they were going to get away with this. They were going to kidnap the most famous man in the country.
Tony:
you want for him?” Tony asked Rogers, tilting his head encouragingly.
at materials chemistry until college, I bet, and I don’t want Dad to—to be put off by your jokes and stuff. Okay?”
“Mr. Stark, you are crossing a line,” Rogers said with a careful, rumbling voice.
people,” Bucky groused. “I swear to Christ.”
“Crystal, sir.”
Tony used a flat hand on each side of his head to crack tension from his neck. He rubbed more feeling into his inexplicably cold fingers. Huh. That was... successful? Maybe? But also, really uncomfortable? His phone buzzed, rattling against the desk.
“Better be.”
“I want to say, ‘Looking forward to it,’” Tony said, “but you’ve kind of doom-and-gloomed the whole thing for me.”
You’re making it difficult to like you right now.
i’m having a religious experience. send a priest.
Straighter than Happy?
“Are we?” (Tony couldn’t help the snark. He really could not.) “All right then. You're obviously upset. And really, I... God. I didn't want to upset you.” Tony laughed a little, shaking his head as he looked away. “You really can't imagine how much I did not want to do that.”
“You’re staying in my guest room!”
“What are you going to do, Rhodey?” Tony shot back. Tony Stark always shot back. “You going to knock me out? Throw me over your shoulder, carry me home like your trophy kill?
At that, Peter’s expression lightened considerably. He blew out a long breath.
calling the team in ASAP?
“Steve.”
i’m not an idiot.
“Do you even listen to yourself? Ever?”
“There is a gun in my fucking face!” Tony yelped.
not sad as fuck.’”
He’d barely gotten his stuff into his locker when his cell phone went off, trilling its factory-set ring. (He couldn’t stop Peter and Bucky from messing around with the personal numbers, but insisted they leave his work-related ringtone alone.)
“It’s not terrorism,” Chief Fury said plainly. “You can unbuckle that gun belt, son, and standby. It’s serious, but not world-ending.”
“I like you!” Peter blurted back. They blinked at each other for a moment, and then the kid blushed red. “You’re—I just mean—you’re a really good teacher, Mr. Stark! I’m learning so much! And the stuff we’re talking about isn’t anything like what my friend Ned is covering in his advanced classes, they won’t even be
. I just, like, want you to like him. Because I like him. He’s—”
“You spoil that damn dog,” Phillips said, just like always.
“No salad?” Steve asked as he carried everything through to the kitchen. He pulled out plates while Bucky ambled over, one hand in his pocket.
That was an awfully hard point to refute, as Tony knew exactly what college did to a 14-year-old. Still, Peter wasn’t Tony. He was kinder, and more cautious, and a hell of a lot closer to his parents. “What
…and?
“Yes, but it’s his night off. Probably. If not, I’m sure we can come to an arrangement.”
The edges of Rogers’s face softened. “I really appreciate your interest in Peter, Mr. Stark. He loves your class.”
Thank Christ for YouTube videos, really. Steve learned to change the oil in his own car. He learned to replace a ceiling fan. He taught Peter how to catch a football, even though Pete was ambivalent about it, and then how to put on a tie. Dad stuff. Man stuff.
Tony:
“To be fair, I didn’t know I said that out loud.”
“Dad? Dad!”
The hooker blanched, but then regained his bravado. “Fair enough. $1000 for the night?”
“Thank you, s—” The phone clicked, and the dial tone made Steve swallow yet another sigh.
“Sure thing, Dad. See you on Monday, Mr. Stark!”
“Breakfast with ‘The Breakfast Club?’ You are devious, Rhodes.”
“Thanks,” Tony said sincerely. “I’m just… I’m so glad, really. He’s going to do great.”
Steve Rogers sighed as he finally wiggled his key free from the front door lock. It was a fond sigh—Steve knew that he possessed a full rolodex of sighs. He’d been anticipating Pete’s inquisition the whole way home.
“Really,” Rogers nodded, with a raised eyebrow. He pulled a business card from his wallet, and a pen from his pocket. He wrote the number on the blank back, and slid it cross the desk. Tony wondered if Peter mentioned the handing-Tony-things problem, too.
“Thank you for speaking so candidly,” Rogers said, and then hesitated. His expression turned rueful. “I want to shake your hand, but Pete told me you aren’t always comfortable with touching people.”
Rhodey:
“You’re not your father, man. Obie needs to respect that.”
“Serious enough for Special Ops.”
. Maybe I am screwing it all up, but I don't think so. Peter is good, he's great. You're right; I am proud. Peter makes me proud, exactly the way he is.”
Nicholas Fury wasn’t an easy man to read. Steve never could tell when he was lying.
“We don’t want your money,” Indy told him. The man with the gun took a step back, making room for Tony to exit the hummer.
Once his brain started sorting through probabilities, there was no stopping it. He had to concede defeat long before he’d normally tap out of his workout, but it was probably for the best. It got dark early this time of year, and he’d need another shower and a snack before bed. Steve let his whirring mind go wild as he jogged back home again.
“No, you don’t have to be like me,” Rhodey sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose hard. “But you are more than what you are. You don’t see it.”
also, he’s the straightest dude i’ve ever met. very serious eyebrows.
straighter than pepper.
“‘Course he is,” Bucky said, then took a long pull of his beer. “Pete's top-fucking-tier.”
and he looks like johnny storm in that terrible fantastic 4 movie, but HOTTER.
“That man is a hooker, Tones. Even I can tell he’s a hooker.”
“Done.”
Steve made a rather sarcastic salute, and headed toward the changing room.
Something in Tony flushed hot and cut deep. He leaned into the taller man and dropped his voice, hissing, “Fuck you, Rhodes. Fuck you, and the self-righteous horse you rode in on! I’m not 16 anymore, and you’re not my self-appointed moral compass. Do you know what my week looked like before you got here, yesterday?”
The shorts and undershirt he was already wearing were made of something soft and silky smooth. Their labels listed unfamiliar fabrics--more things to research. Steve consciously dropped that question from his mind. Right now, all that mattered was that they were comfortable and nice to touch.
“Point.” Tony picked at his sleeve, not quite looking at Steve. “You still freaked out when you read about it, though.”
"Roll it, JARVIS," Tony ordered, and the movie started to play. Steve felt a moment of vertigo at the juxtaposition between the opening moments of the film, sharper than his pre-serum memories recalled it, and the heat and smell of Tony along his side. Both were familiar, but in wildly different contexts.
“Okay,” Steve said. He could look up what an intern was later. “Nice to meet you, Peter.”
, Tony.”
.” The words were followed by a guitar riff that Steve didn’t recognize.
“My privacy protocols necessarily restrict what I am able to disclose. Despite what his public appearances would suggest, Sir is quite conscious of information privacy. His own, at least,” JARVIS added dryly.
Steve’s face was on fire. “I can see how HR would have concerns about that.”
“And when did you ever shuck corn, Brooklyn boy?”
painted their own graphic picture.
"I hate you," Tony said, and wrapped his hands around it. His face changed after his first sip. "Okay, this is surprisingly not terrible. It's almost acceptable, even. What did you put in this?"
Tony rolled his head to look at Steve. “You had a crush on Buster Keaton?”
They’d barely stepped out of the elevator before Tony was pulling him across the room by his belt loops. “No couch this time, c’mon, bed.”
“No, but thanks for bringing this up, uh,” Steve looked for a nametag and saw an embroidered patch on the man’s jacket that read
"Of course, Captain. I'll have a selection sent up for you to choose from."
Steve was rinsing out the cloth in the bathroom sink when the elevator doors opened. He hung the cloth over the shower rod and went back out to the living room. A young man wearing a red uniform trimmed in gold braid was pulling a big rack of clothing, the kind they had in department stores, out of the elevator.
“You’ll be sensitive after,” Tony said, relentlessly putting into words the thoughts that were making Steve’s cheeks burn even hotter than before. “But that didn’t seem like much of a problem yesterday, either.”
Steve snorted. “Not exactly. Although I did have a pretty big crush on him, back in the day.”
“Right, okay, I’m, I’m just gonna go.” Peter pointed his thumb over his shoulder at the elevator, while he was backing into it. “Nice to meet you! Enjoy getting dressed! I mean, enjoy wearing clothes. I mean--”
people doesn’t mean she isn’t the strongest person I know.”
“Of course,” Steve said, a bloom of pleasure unfurling in his chest. He was almost embarrassed by the strength of it. Tony wouldn’t give unearned compliments, and he definitely wouldn’t use second-rate work for anything to do with his company. If he wanted to use Steve’s drawings to advertise his inventions, it was because he thought they were good work, full stop. “Just let me know what you want me to draw.”
They pull into the parking lot of the furniture store and walk inside, waving off the customer service rep in favor of looking at the living room sets themselves.
A small chill goes through Tony’s body, and there’s visible tension in his jaw. “Does Brock have a last name? And a last known address?”
picked something that
Tony shakes his head. “It’s okay, it’s cute when she does it. We’re here for our 4 o’clock fitting.”
“Listen. I don’t care that you’re not from this whole scene, alright? I care that you’re gorgeous, and handsome, and good-looking, and--”
Tony stretches and yawns. Ugh. Errands. At least Steve will be there with him. Last time he had a day like this, Steve was off in Chile doing who-knows-what.
“Thank you, Mr. Tony!” Emily calls out as she runs into the backroom to enjoy her treat, not pausing for a second.
“You put
Just then, Ty decides to make his presence known by yelling for Tony to get inside. Tony holds back a frustrated noise and settles for looking at Steve and asking, “Are we okay, then? You’ll be fine continuing your employment here?”
Before he shuts the door, he hears Mr. Rhodes say, “Come on, Mrs. Robinson, you can get up now, you scared off your mistress.”
and needs to shower.
Mr. Stone’s husband walks out into the backyard, then, and looks at Mr. Stone like he’s a piece of gum stuck to his shoe.
like Tony never does.
“Oh but that’s not all, Tones! They had little Kyle’s great-uncle make a call to the dean, and suddenly the brat is a member of the incoming class!”
spend the better part of the week having her lawyers dig up every dirty secret that Steve Rogers has.
Thank you to Aisu_Hawk on Discord for the beta!
, can you imagine?”
Mr. Rhodes turns to Mr. Stone and says, “Well, if anything, at least you got a concubine that can cook! That’ll be useful, right?”
All throughout the meeting, Tony wants to call JARVIS, tell him to bring Steve back down, and apologize. Getting frustrated with a sub because they like being under and
Ty swallows a bite of tenderloin before saying “Yeah, what about it? People age, Anthony.”
They get back out of the car and walk down the street, as Steve intertwines his fingers with Tony’s and leads the way.
“Hi,” the stranger says sheepishly, face and chest going red. “I’m from Submissive and Dominant Affairs? Natasha ordered me for you?”
Next chapter should be out on 8/3, barring extenuating circumstances! I'm nearing the end of my summer semester in college so I have a final exam coming up haha.
She studies his face, obviously pleased. “I see you do recall. Well, this could fix everything. We’re not doing anything particularly terrible, just a little bit of insurance fraud and conspiracy to kidnap.”
“Steve, I’m here to apologize for my behavior. It was unbecoming of me.”
“Are you okay, Mr. Stone?”
The next fic that I'm gonna post will be a fill for the Cap-IM Tiny Reverse Bang, and then I have a couple of WIPs that I'm working on, namely another RhodeyTony college AU and a longer one about Steve and Tony being a domestic power couple. Also, I'm moving into my apartment this week and gearing up to start college again, fun times!
Tony gasps, slowly gaining his breath back. “Thank you for that. I don’t know what got into me.”
“No, you and Jan designed it, and you oh-so-graciously let me pick out the colors. Thank you for that,
“Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers, where are your manners?” Steve looks annoyed, but Tony’s been around him enough to know that he’s not actually mad. This is further confirmed by Steve pulling out a still-warm plate of food from the oven and setting it in front of Tony’s seat, which is right next to him.
, I never knew I could feel this way about furniture. I sound like my mother.”
“You think if I quit my job and enlist at SADA,
Now that he’s not having a panic attack or halfway into subspace, he realizes that he’s angry. He’s angry that he’s stuck in this job, he’s angry that his Dom seemed to be nice but wasn’t, and he’s angry that his Dom’s version of an apology is to just buy him things. So he makes up his mind: he’s not taking it.
“Of course, but I was thinking, well, I saw him struggling a bit with the gardening today. I was hoping we could hire someone else to help him out. I’d like him and Ana to be able to retire, eventually.”
Steve gives a full-bodied shudder at being called a good boy. That particular turn of phrase has never come naturally to Tony, but Steve’s reaction makes any residual awkwardness evaporate.
This chapter really, really got away from me. I think it's the longest one I've written so far, and it brought up my total words on AO3 to over 10k.
Apologies for the ending. Poor Steeb :(
“I’ll explain it to you later. Tell me more about this house that tweedledee and tweedledum are getting.”
, I need to get clean.” He forcibly extracts himself from Steve’s grip, and looks back to see Steve pouting at him. He gives Steve a soft kiss, trying to reassure him.
, Tony thinks, as he changes back into his normal clothes.
God, forget a quarter, you could bounce a silver dollar off that ass. I need to try that one day.
“Oh shit I-- I’m so sorry, Mr. Stone. I was just uh, in the shower.”
First of all, apologies for missing last week. The end of the semester is coming up for me, so it's getting difficult to balance writing and schoolwork.
I swear I didn't mean to make this chapter this sad. Also this is probably a bad time to announce that this fic is on hiatus until I finish exams on December 18th.
“Oh you had your fun outfits alright. Was it lycra or spandex that they had you dancing around in?”
Coming up next: Tony goes on TV and makes his case heard.
The other item of note is a nondescript lavender-colored paper bag from Tony’s tailor. It wouldn’t be anything special, but the usual bags are a pastel yellow. Which means Steve’s lingerie is here. He sets the lavender bag aside and stashes all of the other packages in the closet, and places the box with Steve’s collar on the bedside table. When he’s finished, he rushes out of the room and to his workshop with the bag of lingerie in hand.
“Tell me more,” Rhodey says, leaning in.
“I told you, I’m ex-Army. I lied on my enlistment forms. When they found out, they kicked me out, and now I can’t find any hiring manager that’ll look my way twice. I might have been in subspace, but I remember telling you that.”
“Is this doing it for you?” Tony stepped back, ignoring Steve’s small sound of disappointment, and brought Steve’s wrists together in front of their chests. He used his grip to walk Steve backwards towards the bed. “Is it the pressure on your wrists, being caught by something, or me holding you specifically?”
Steve gritted his teeth and settled in for a wait. Every time his body started to calm down, he’d hear a new noise from the bathroom and start imagining all over again what Tony might be doing in there. At one point Tony let out a low, satisfied groan and Steve pushed against the headboard so hard he heard something creak.
“Thanks, JARVIS,” Steve said.
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean, Captain."
“What a pity,” Steve said. “Does that mean you don’t want to take my pants off?”
“Thanks.” Steve set the sketchpad aside so he could stretch out his arms. The serum kept him from actually getting sore when he held a position for too long, but he still got stiff. When he’d been young, he’d come out of drawing spells with his back locked up and his shoulders aching--he swung his shoulders now and marveled at the easy looseness. He couldn’t remember appreciating the difference before. Was this really the first time since he’d gotten the serum that he’d sat and drawn for hours?
The riff came to a neat stop.
The bitterness in his voice was clear. Steve swallowed back his first reaction, made himself slow down and think about his response, and settled on, “Did Pepper have a hard time with it?”
“Is this leading up to a terrible banana joke?”
“Nothing,” Steve said. It was easier to breathe now, his chest expanding when he told it to and letting him gulp down air. The shakiness eased out of his limbs with every breath. “I mean,” he added, because Tony was giving him a very skeptical look, “nothing new, nothing that happened now. I just--I read something about you. About Afghanistan.”
Tony went satisfyingly still. Steve kept his expression mild, but inside he felt a little surge of glee. It was fun to surprise Tony. He was already getting addicted to the freedom of doing what came naturally instead of filtering everything he said through the Captain America™ lens.
“Was it the eyeliner?” Tony called, as Steve went into the kitchen. “Because I’m not opposed to wearing a little eyeliner, I had a whole thing in the late 90s.”
Steve swallowed back the urge to kiss him for the stupid joke. It would have come out too soft if he’d tried, given away too much. He crossed his arms instead, holding still while Tony attacked his button and fly. “This isn’t peeling, this is shucking. I feel like an ear of corn.”
Still, he knew how to deal with nightmares. He could wake up and feel relief that it was over, that what he’d dreamed about hadn’t actually happened. Far worse were the dreams where he was sitting at his kitchen table in Brooklyn, Glenn Miller playing on the wireless, the air coming through the window reeking of garbage and cigarettes, his sleeves rolled up carefully past his bony elbows so his cuffs didn't smear the drawing he was working on. The past was a scab that his mind couldn't stop picking away at while he slept.
“Oh, of course, my mistake.” Steve filed the shirt on the right-hand side of the rack, then around so he got to watch Tony’s face as he said, “If you gave me a shirt like that, I might wear it for you.”
Steve held up a t-shirt that had “SCENIC OVERLOOK” and an arrow pointing down on the back. “This your handiwork?”
Steve hesitated for a few seconds, then slid out of bed. If Tony had already left again, gone to his workshop or wherever he went when he wasn’t sleeping, so be it, but Steve knew he wasn’t going to be able to ignore this for long, not if it happened regularly. He’d spent too long alert for teammates in trouble, monitoring his men’s moods by how many cigarettes Monty had hoarded and how often Dum Dum combed out his mustache and how many times Bucky startled silently awake in the next bedroll over. He might as well figure out how to handle this now.
“I’m just going to wait it out, try again tomorrow. You want to help me kill time?” Tony pointedly dropped his gaze to the front of Steve’s pants, like Steve might have missed the implication otherwise.
“I’m telling you now, aren’t I?”
Tony rocked back on his heels and grinned. “Hey, it’s still taking you out for lunch. Technically. And try the food before you complain. Next time I’ll take you out somewhere I can show you off, but we’re short on time, and SI has some of the best chefs in the country working here anyway.”
It couldn’t last, he knew, but for however long he got to have this, he was going to let himself pretend.
“Someone’s eager.”
“Like you’re one to talk, reading up on my life story.”
“I could eat.”
Tony gave him a leering head-to-toe sweep. “You are pretty unmistakable.”
memo by a State Department official that had been released a few months after Tony’s recovery. It hadn’t contained any images, but lines like
Tony glared at him. Steve was surprised to feel a smile growing wider on his face. He wasn’t sure when it had shown up.
“Hi, Bruce.” They’d met a few times since the Battle of New York, enough that Steve felt comfortable with him, but they’d never had much to say to each other. Still, Steve liked Bruce. He was restrained with his body in a way Steve had learned after the serum, when he suddenly broke doors if he opened them too fast. The consequences of Banner misjudging his strength were a lot more catastrophic, but the methods of control were familiar enough for Steve to recognize.
Tony grimaced and scrubbed one hand through his hair. Steve wondered just how long ago he and Ms. Potts had called it quits. Recently enough that Tony was on his best behavior, or something close to it. “Yeah, okay. Probably a good point. So, no nookie,” Tony said. “How about lunch? Want to put on your new clothes and have lunch with me?”
“Excuse you, I’m never overdressed or underdressed, I’m the one who sets the dress code for every party I attend,” Tony retorted, but he was already unzipping his jeans. He kicked his pants and underwear off without a trace of self-consciousness, but ignored his shirt in favor of reaching for Steve’s neck and shoulder. Steve dipped his head down for a few warm, languid kisses, but when Tony’s hands skated down his sides he stepped back an inch, just enough to make Tony pause and look at him.
,” Tony said, his voice pitched lower. “And--yep, I like that too, good job, very quick study.”
“Think you can sleep again?”
“Per your own instructions, I am to ensure you attend every meeting Ms. Potts has marked as high priority for the foreseeable future.”
“Well, kinda. It depends on whether you’re asking Ms. Potts or Mr. Stark. I’m an intern?” Peter said, like he was apologizing for something. “So.”
“Mr. Parker, your presence is required on floor 27,” JARVIS cut in firmly.
For now, Steve could have this. He could stand in Tony’s home and be sure of his welcome. Tony had said they could do this as long as they both wanted to, and Tony’s interest was palpably clear. Eventually he would get bored, and Steve would have to go back to how things had been before--but not yet. Steve could have this, a vacation from the purpose he’d been made for, from the violence and loss that had shaped him, until then.
to stride into the attached bathroom--of course Tony’s guest rooms all had their own bathrooms--and
It wasn’t worth the risk. Steve knew that, and he understood it, but he was still unreasonably disappointed when Tony stood up without trying to touch him at all.
Tony tensed up and Steve almost took it back, but he
“My pleasure, Captain.”
Peep emerged holding a spray bottle and a small cloth, then rolled directly towards the new stain on the sofa’s arm.
“You like it.” Steve didn’t try to free his hands, just leaned forward until he could lick a broad stripe across Tony’s nipple.
, you absolute maniac. I remember how you fought against the Chitauri, and then I read the after-action reports, which are even
Tony pushed him back hard enough that he hit the bed and bounced, then knee-walked onto the mattress to loom over him. “I can work with that. Hands on the headboard.”
information if asked, so long as that information isn’t restricted. If you would be amenable, I could provide a real-time fact-check on any information regarding Sir that you encounter in your research, based on my own knowledge. Would you like me to demonstrate?”
Tony pulled the waistband of Steve’s shorts down to his thighs. Steve let out a sigh of relief at being freed that promptly turned into a yelp when Tony took his cock in hand and
Content warnings for internalized ableism about mental health and a mention of possible suicidal ideation, both present very briefly.
Tony turned off the blowtorch he’d been using and set it aside, flipping his visor up at the same time. His forehead was deeply furrowed. “What happened?”
“That doesn’t mean she’s a wimp,” Tony snapped. “Pepper’s tough, she’s--just because she doesn’t
“I got that impression, yeah.” In a lot of the interviews Tony gave, especially ones where he’d been jumped by paparazzi instead of calling a formal press conference, he blithely confessed to being hungover or having spent the last seventy-two hours in bed with someone (or several someones), but he would also redirect or shut down any question that he didn’t want to answer. Tony was brazen, but only on his own terms. “I’m not asking for anything you’re not allowed to tell me. I can find plenty of information on my own, but a lot of it is sensationalized, and I don’t have the background to know what’s accurate. Can you help me sort through what’s out there?”
“Everyone got a chance to hear mine already,” Steve said. “Turn-about’s fair play.”
“In his workshop, Captain.”
Tony didn’t go straight for his shorts the way Steve expected. He worked his way down Steve’s hips to his ankles, smoothing his palms over Steve’s skin in a slow, proprietary stroke, like he had all the time in the world, like he knew Steve wasn’t going anywhere. When he went back up, his mouth followed the path of his hands, brushing his beard along the arch of Steve’s ankle, sucking a bruise into his inner thigh, taking Steve’s hipbone between his teeth and worrying it until he pulled a whine out of Steve.
Steve was very, very glad his eidetic memory didn’t extend to dreams.
Bruce glanced between them. Whatever conclusions he drew from Steve’s silence, he kept to himself. “Sure.”
“Wow,” Steve said. “You’re really taking the high road.”
His head snapped around at a sound from the foyer. The elevator door hadn’t opened, but something was moving nearby. Steve crossed the room on silent feet.
It was a treat to get to closely observe the inside of something he’d only seen the surface of before, and he got lost in all the little angles and curves hidden inside the armor. At some point he heard the blowtorch start up again.
Tony’s voice came through the speakers in the workshop, about three times as loud as JARVIS normally spoke:
Steve had nightmares of his own, sometimes. Dreams where he was still in the war, running through bombed-out cities looking for shelter while planes droned overhead. Dreams where he woke up in the hospital room SHIELD had set up, but there was no nurse, no agents, nobody around him, just miles of empty hallway in a silent world where he’d outlived everyone else. Dreams where he scratched at an itch on his neck, scratching and scratching until he found the cracks in his skin and pulled the flesh off his face, leaving nothing but raw red flesh stretched thin over bone.
“I just needed to see that you were okay.” Steve was embarrassed now by the force of his reaction, by how viscerally he had needed to lay eyes on Tony to believe that he was all right. He would have to be careful not to do something that revealing again. This had already been enough to spook Tony. “I don’t like that you got hurt. I’m never going to like it. I’m just not going to be surprised when it happens.”
“Already did.” Tony waggled his phone, then frowned. “Did you have a phone apart from SHIELD’s spyware brick? No, of course not, what am I saying, why would they give you anything that would make it harder for them to eavesdrop? I’ll have one sent up.”
“These are fantastic.”
“Paragon of virtue, that’s me.” Tony looked him over. Steve wasn’t wearing anything special, just a pair of undershorts and a sleeveless tank he’d put on so he could try on his new clothes over them, but there was unmistakable heat in Tony’s gaze. “You want to put on your new clothes so I can peel them off again?”
“I’d put you on the payroll,” Tony said idly, picking up one of the drawings Steve had done of him, showcasing his muscular back and shoulders as he moved holographic diagrams through the air, “but SI has very strict policies on sexual harassment. The head of HR hates me enough as it is for my, and I quote, ‘capricious hiring decisions which make it impossible to maintain an orderly onboarding process,’ and if I crossed her on this she would find a way to kill me with her stapler. It’s a shame, really. I’d love to fuck you over my desk.”
“When I was a kid,” Steve said, slowly, feeling his way through every sentence, “I went to church every Sunday. The priest at church, the nuns at school, they told us all about hell. I thought it was somewhere you could only go when you were dead. And then I went to war. I saw things that I didn’t know could exist on earth. There were things in the Nazi camps, in the Hydra labs, that were worse than anything I could have imagined. I still dream about them, sometimes.”
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupted firmly, “You have a meeting with Ms. Potts and the senior leadership team in thirty-seven minutes.”
“How did you put it in that press conference where you told everyone about it? JARVIS, can you play that audio?”
Tony had made Steve a scotch on the rocks, but he'd also said alcohol was a risky coping mechanism for people without superhuman tolerance, and Steve didn’t think scotch was going to do Tony any favors right now. Steve opened cupboards until he found a saucepan.
Steve set his fingers on the hem of Tony’s t-shirt, not pulling on the fabric, just letting his hands rest against it. “I want to see you this time.”
“You want me to hold still, you have to
“Oh fuck,” Steve said thinly, his hips jerking up of their own volition. “Oh
The robot beeped at him in a descending tone, BOO-boop. Steve felt unreasonably guilty.
“Of course, Sir.”
Steve groaned and let his head fall back against the bed, pressing his crown into the headboard. He already knew where this was going.
, he was--
Peep folded Steve’s discarded blanket into a precisely straight rectangle, aligning its corners with the seat cushions. After doing a circuit around the sofa, Peep rolled back to the foyer closet. Steve followed, fascinated by the way Peep moved; it rolled on a central ball and waved its arms to counter-balance on turns. The result was both uncanny and graceful.
“It’s a lot, I know,” Tony said, loud in the sudden quiet.
Peter Parker shows up in this chapter, but I haven't seen Spiderman: Homecoming (and in general I cheerfully ignore MCU canon after CA:TWS), so there's not going to be anything specific to Tom Holland's version of the character in this fic. He's around 19 in this.
Steve had expected the elevator to take them back down to the garage level, but instead the doors opened and Tony stepped out on a floor labeled STARK INDUSTRIES CAFETERIA.
Steve looked around the nearly immaculate penthouse and decided he was better off not asking what JARVIS felt was disorderly about it. “That’s very helpful of you,” he told Peep, who gave him a little rising trill in response. Steve stepped aside and watched Peep trundle over to the sofa.
Tony looked up fast when Steve came charging into the workshop. Steve stopped just inside the doors and looked him over. Tony was fine, of course. Probably wondering why Steve had just burst into his workshop in the middle of the afternoon, but alive and whole and unharmed. That was enough to let the knot in Steve’s stomach loosen.
, since you’re so picky.”
had to cock everything up. First by deciding that he really, really needed another billion dollars of government money, next by cashing out his stock and retiring to the Italian countryside with his wife, then by letting that shady bastard Obadiah run his company into the ground, and finally by letting his board let a woman be CEO, for fuck’s sake.
, honey, we’re both tired. Let’s go to bed and then talk about this like sane human beings.” Tony sounds exhausted and fed up. Steve knows that he really shouldn’t keep pushing, but he can’t help it. He needs to see Tony snap so he has a reason to feel this shaky and unsafe.
“Are you ever with someone for so long that you just… resent them taking up space and oxygen?”
Mr. Stone has him bring them their drinks first, two highball glasses filled to the brim with far too much alcohol for two p.m., topped with a thin slice of lemon. Steve watches him chug the entire glass and demand another with mild horror. Mr. Rhodes, to his credit, doesn’t look surprised.
Steve answers it, looking… damp? Why is he damp?
, Tony thinks, already resigned to the fight they’re going to have after this plan of Ty’s inevitably blows up in his face.
Steve goes a stunning shade of pink and introduces himself to the table, who are openly gawking at him like he’s a frog on a dissection tray. The interrogation starts when Betty asks Steve what sport he played in college, unsubtly eyeing up his muscles, and poor, naive Steve, makes the mistake of assuming that she wants an honest answer.
As they get into the car, Steve’s stomach growls, and Tony looks at him curiously.
Virginia Potts their CEO, it had seemed like an excellent idea. So much so that it gave Ty hope for his career, made him think that he really had a shot at the Senate, if only he had connections to that world.
, either because Bucky’s weights take up too much space, or because Sam’s gymnastics set does.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They’re perfect,” he replies flatly, handing them to Ana so that she can find a vase for them and keep them far away from him. He goes to wash his hands of the pollen, hoping to prevent his eyes from getting red and puffy this time.
Maybe. But Ty doesn’t really give a shit. Not when Sunset’s telling him to
See you next Thursday (11/12/20) where we'll hopefully... know who the US president is. And Steve finally gets to put his lingerie to use.
“Duh, Lawrence is aging like unpasteurized milk, and there’s no way she’s with him because of his personality, of which he has none--”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s why I hired Steven over there. I thought, ‘haha, let’s have some fun with the poolboy while I figure out my divorce, let’s make Ty jealous and sabotage his career,’ and I just…” His voice starts to crack while he struggles not to cry.
This sets off another round of laughter, and makes the entire upper half of Steve’s body go bright pink. He makes the mistake of trying to defend himself and says, “I’m-- I’m just a gardener, sir. I’m not-- I don’t want to get in the way of Mr. Stone’s marriage. That would be inappropriate of me.”
a Dom, it’s unreal. Take me to bed?”
Now it’s Tony’s turn to laugh. “See, how can you say you don’t fit in when you know me so well? But really, you’re more than an employee to me. I think we can both sense it, no?” Tony inches closer to him and places a hand on his warm, muscular thigh.
“Time for lunch, big guy?”
It’s been so much easier to read through Ms. Steel’s oeuvre than to do anything else, lately. His robots must miss him.
Tony smiles at him and leads him up into their bedroom, where Steve had been only a couple of hours prior. There, Tony brings him his collar, and slides behind him to fasten it closed. Immediately, Steve feels himself start to settle. The room is cool, the sheets are soft, and Tony’s body is like a tiny furnace next to his.
“I mean, ‘adrenaline junkie’ is a very 90s phrase.”
Steve carries Tony into the elevator up to their bedroom, sets him down on their bed, and enthusiastically
He stays awake for another thirty minutes to make sure that Steve’s actually asleep before allowing himself the same luxury.
Steve grins. “Apparently, they need
Tony gasps a little. “I thought… I thought you were just saying nonsense because you were so far under! You weren’t lying? Steve, that’s a
Steve looks like he wants to protest, but he doesn’t, and lets Tony take them home.
the SUNY system! It gives so many underprivileged youth the chance to become something. Not to mention how hands-on the education is. Everyone there is so delightfully honest, you know?” Tittering from around the table informs him that everyone agrees.
“Watch your tone, or I might run away with one of the Property Brothers. I heard Jonathan is still single.”
Tony steals a piece of bacon off of Steve’s plate, making the other man squawk indignantly, before grabbing his mug out of the cabinet and filling it with coffee.
wear and we’ll have to get rid of it in like, five years. Less if it ends up getting broken.”
“Alright, spill. What’s going on? We didn’t get a chance to talk.”
God, this man is so dense. He’s going to enjoy permanently destroying his media relations.
As Elle Woods picks out her dress for dinner and rips the sales attendant to shreds, Steve closes his eyes and drifts off in Tony’s arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
, she knows he has no patience for explaining things. She’s going to pay for this.
Rhodey looks intrigued by this, Tony’s finally hit upon a piece of gossip that his friend doesn’t know.
“Just send them the foot pictures next time, so you don’t end up with
Steve looks mildly disgusted by the concept of oysters for breakfast, but Tony can’t bring himself to care, right now, he needs revenge on Laurene for slighting him. He gets his opportunity when he hears her say “So what’s everyone getting?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Young, blonde, and stupid? Waist-to-hip ratio of a corn chip with tits to match?
Up next (if I manage to get some free time): Steve and Tony breaking in their new bed.
“Good errand day?” Tony whispers to Steve.
, it seems that the Tower’s undefended,
“Good morning to you too, beloved,” he says, smiling as he turns to his husband, whose hair is still damp from his post-workout shower. He’s wearing a bright blue tank top and khakis, because Tony married someone who appreciates the art of being cheesy.
Steve had figured it was the alcohol talking, there. Still, he says, “I would hope not.”
A round of sympathetic sighs echo around the table, with Jacqueline chiming in again, “That’s so awful. He was so bright, and now he’s stuck at a
(See the end of the chapter for
It hits him, right then and there, that they’re the perfect picture of a boring married couple, and Tony wouldn’t trade it for anything.
But of course,
Please, just drop it.”
Sunset looks puzzled, but then her face clears up, as she says “It’s about Anthony, isn’t it? Still haven’t found the right way to end it?”
“Look, Steven, right? I don’t know what Natasha told you, but I don’t have the time for, or need, a sub right now. I’m busy, it’s the end of the fiscal year
All three of them start to laugh, and Tony can’t help but flush red as he drinks his coffee. They’re talking about… his night with Steve. It makes sense, he supposes. Subs swap sex stories all the time. According to the rumors he’d heard as a teenager, that’s what they do at sleepovers, when they aren’t having lingerie pillow fights.
Laurene is at the “on” phase of her on-again off-again diet, which means she’ll be getting the egg white omelette, otherwise known as the saddest thing on the menu, reserved only for models who are having a cheat day. Tony can make her livid by just ordering his usual, times two to account for his guest, of course. He bides his time for now, listening to the ambient chatter of “Did you hear that he’s bribing the school board?” and “Well, that house is a little ostentatious, don’t you agree?”
“Oh my God, only you would end up with a sexy pool boy that actually respects your marriage. How is this your life?”
SADA? Why would they need to be involved? He’s happy -- he’s safe and warm and comfortable inside Tony’s arms and in his bed. He’s even wearing Tony’s collar. Everything’s perfect. He shakes his head and makes a vague noise that he hopes registers as a ‘no.’
I posted this ON TIME! Ha! I win!
“Did you
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s start at the top of that list. You want out of this contract? SADA opens up at 9 AM, so we can get a good five or six hours of sleep and I can call them to terminate it then.” Steve nods. God, from twenty-seven days left to six hours, what a relief. He can survive six hours.
anything! He needs to bring Steve up quickly, before he ends up giving into his own urges to hurt, to mark up and claim Steve as his. For fuck’s sake, Steve’s from an agency, he’s
First, he gets assigned to Tony Stark, the worst Dominant on the planet, according to everyone ever. The Dom who keeps a revolving door for his massive harem of submissives and makes them compete for his attention and affection, and if they don’t amuse him, kicks them out onto the street with nothing to their name.
“No, I don’t want to do a scene right now.” Steve’s not an idiot; he knows not to agree to a scene with a Dom that’s angry, especially when he’s angry too.
Steven looks at him incredulously. “But… but you requested me! Who else could it have been? I know it was you! We get transcripts of requests, too, they send us that!” He pulls up another email to show Tony, and wow, Jesus fuck, he knew his public image was bad, but
you knew who Buster Keaton is. Put something of his on, I’ll be right back.”
Tony’s head rolled to the side, his cheek resting against Steve’s hair. He wasn’t asleep, his breathing was too fast for that, but he was relaxing bit by bit. Steve was glad. He couldn’t get rid of his own dreams, but maybe he could help Tony come down from his. He closed his eyes, the score underpinning the film fading into the background as he focused on the sound of Tony breathing. Having Tony pressed up warm against his side was almost like sleeping in the same bed.
“How would I know?” Steve asked, straight-faced. “I thought it was supposed to look like that.”
“It’s been more dying-in-space lately than dying-in-Afghanistan, so, that’s something. Variety!” Tony twirled one finger in a little circle, then let his hand fall limply into his lap.
“Hello,” Steve said to the robot. It scooted back an inch, then angled one of its three-fingered arms up inquisitively. “I don’t have a coat for you, sorry.”
"I won't," Steve said immediately, because Tony was stiff and avoiding his eyes, and that was all wrong. He stepped in close again, trying to remind Tony that he wasn’t on display for an audience. “Look at me, okay? There we go. It’s just me.”
“Okay, Tony.”
One line caught his particular attention: “Stark is rumored to be dating Pepper Potts, the CEO and second-largest shareholder of Stark Industries.” JARVIS had added a note reading
Steve considered putting on one of the suits, but that seemed too formal, even though Tony was wearing a suit himself. This wasn’t a business lunch. He pulled dark jeans over his shorts and put on one of the plain white t-shirts, then caught a glimpse of himself reflected in the metal side of the garment rack. His own reflection surprised him. He looked...comfortable, almost, in his soft clothes and bare feet, standing in the middle of Tony’s living room. Like he belonged there.
Steve’s body relaxed against the workshop bench. “You’ve been checking up on me?”
took his goddamn time.”
Tony just made a thoughtful noise. “You stayed pretty hard when you came yesterday.”
Steve hadn't gotten a chance to really look at Tony last night. He had been so caught up in what he was feeling that he'd forgotten to pay attention to anything but Tony's touch, his darkly amused voice, the pleasure he’d wrung out of Steve’s body. He looked now, letting his eyes roam over Tony's well-groomed facial hair and slim-cut suit, everything meticulous and distinctive. Nobody would ever mistake him for anyone else, not even at a glance.
“Tony, I’m sorry, I can’t wait,” Steve gasped. The pressure, the heat, was already almost too much. He was so worked up already, there was no way he’d be able to last when Tony really got going.
“You call that peeling?” Steve said, but obligingly ducked his head and raised his arms. Tony was more careful than he expected with the collar, stretching it with his fingers so it didn’t catch on Steve’s ears. “If I were a banana, I’d bruise.”
“Fuck.” Tony grabbed for his wrists. Steve let Tony pull his hands away and hold them out to their sides. “You are a
“Thank you,” Steve told the robot. The robot chirped and wheeled away, bumping into the corner of a lab bench as it passed. Steve sat on the couch and looked around for something to draw. There were so many options it was a little overwhelming, but Steve eventually settled on a half-disassembled Iron Man armor on a nearby table. He started sketching the helmet lying on its side next to an empty pair of gauntlets.
Peep trundled off willingly enough. Steve waited until it was out of sight before scrubbing at the stain he’d left on the sofa. It came off easily, thank God, because otherwise he would have to look up how to clean dried semen off of leather, and now JARVIS was in his tablet. Steve wasn’t 100% clear on the rules of human and AI etiquette, but he’d rather not test those particular boundaries this early in their relationship.
Tony glanced at him, then took a second, more evaluating look. Only under Tony’s scrutiny did Steve realize he was blushing just from hearing Tony compliment his work.
“Don’t,” Steve said, his earlier fear flowing easily, too easily, into anger, his body already primed for a fight. He squared his feet and folded his hands behind his back in a bid for control. “Don’t, Tony. If you don’t want to talk about it, just tell me that.”
“Oh, you’re very welcome, Captain Rogers.” Peter looked like he was about sixteen, but if he was working for Stark Industries he was probably at least college age. Everyone looked young to Steve nowadays.
"It's good for you," Steve said in his most sanctimonious voice.
“You’re going to kill me.”
“You will if you want your dick in my ass tonight,” Tony said, and then had the absolute
“Well, not anymore, Captain Spoilsport. You could have said ‘you can peel my banana anytime,’” Tony said, doing a ridiculous breathy voice. Steve tensed his stomach muscles to keep from laughing. “But the moment’s gone, now.”
The elevator opened onto a long hallway, a floor-to-ceiling glass wall dividing a huge, brightly-lit room from the hallway. Glass panels slid aside as Steve strode forwards.
Dinner was quiet, but not in a bad way. Tony had pasta delivered to a level of the Tower that Steve hadn’t seen before, a communal floor accessible from all the residential apartments that had theaters and attractions instead of bedrooms. The table where they ate could have sat twenty. They occupied one end of the long oval, Tony sitting at the head with his elbows on either side of his plate, dishing out food and bullying Bruce into taking seconds and generally directing the meal like it was a board meeting. Tony, unsurprisingly, carried most of the conversation, but he kept the topic bouncing between Bruce’s projects and the green energy work SI was doing without getting more technical than Steve could follow. Steve talked more than he expected to, mostly about architecture, once Bruce revealed that one of his current projects was sustainable building design. Bruce was restful company.
“Steven, darling, babycakes, don’t say such blasphemous things. I
"Good morning, Captain Rogers," JARVIS said immediately. “How may I assist you?”
It was the robot that had taken Tony’s coat the night before. When it saw Steve--did it have eyes? It must have a camera somewhere, although Steve wasn’t sure where--it reared back like Steve had startled it. Steve rounded his shoulders and put his hands in his pockets, like he was dealing with a frightened civilian.
“Because
The elevator doors opened. His chest was too tight to gulp in more than a mouthful of air, so Steve just held his breath as the floor dropped.
Steve followed him into the spare bedroom, where Tony didn’t bother to shut the door before spinning them around and yanking Steve’s shirt up.
“Need a hand?” Steve helped him wheel the rack into the center of the room. It was heavy, loaded with hundreds of items of clothing--shirts, pants, pajamas, a few silk bathrobes (as though one silk bathrobe wouldn’t be extravagant enough), and a few things Steve didn’t even recognize. The bottom shelf on the rack held at least a dozen shoeboxes. It was more clothing than he could ever see himself needing, but honestly, after his conversation with Tony the night before, Steve was surprised he was only getting one rack instead of twelve.
“Eyes open,” Tony said, a little sharp. Steve forced his eyelids up. He wasn’t sure when he’d closed them. Tony was straddling his legs and look down at him, his dark eyes glittering blue from the light of the reactor.
“It won’t be,” Steve said firmly, to answer his not-quite-spoken warning.
“It’s not a sculpture, you know.” Tony set his already empty cup on the next machine over and poked the power button. They watched the pinball machine turn on, the tiny space shuttle figurine glowing white as the case lit up. Steve had heard a lot about man walking on the moon in the first weeks after he woke up, the glorious achievement of mankind reaching out to explore the universe; it had taken another month of history briefings to find out the Apollo missions only got funded because they were part of the Cold War. Everything came back to a fight in the end. “You’re allowed to touch it.”
“When I get too involved in something like this, I forget my own strength.” When he’d spent a summer on the USO tour circuit, they’d sometimes stopped in at towns having county fairs. Steve had broken more than a few carnival games before he’d learned to stop playing. It wasn’t worth the fuss and apologizing after, no matter how surreally hilarious it had been to watch the bell of the high striker fly off the machine when Steve swung the hammer.
Steve had shaded in most of the helmet's shadows and was working on fine detail by the time the torch clicked off.
“Hey,” Tony said. He opened his mouth, then shut it again. It was disturbing to see Tony at a loss for words.
Tony had come around the side of the workbench, standing where he could see all of Steve, and Steve could see all of him. He was holding himself very still. Steve wet his lips and continued. “I hope you never get hurt like that again, not by someone deliberately hurting you to make you break. But it’s not the worst thing I’ve seen. Not even close. When I see the arc reactor, I think about how you kept yourself alive. How you survived. I see you fly and it makes me think about what you can do, the people you’ve saved. That nuke would have hit New York. I know you’re not a soldier, but you’re not a civilian anymore, and neither am I. This is what we do. The risks we take, those are part of who we are. So no, it doesn’t put me off. It doesn’t scare me.”
He turned his attention to the penthouse, getting his first good look in daylight. At first glance it looked more like a hotel lobby than a living room. All the furniture was sleek and modern, spotlessly clean (apart from the sofa, which Steve was avoiding looking at closely, heat climbing his neck every time he thought about it), no stains on the cushions from dropped food, no claw marks from pets on the legs. Steve checked four tables before he found a dried brown circle marking where a coffee cup had overflowed. Finding it made him feel a little better.
“And you’re not going to ask me to stop.” It wasn’t a question, but it wasn’t
Eventually it got too bright for Steve to avoid thinking about how he was standing by a window with only a blanket saving him from public indecency. Stark Tower was pretty high up, but there were already traffic helicopters circling not too far away. Steve didn’t want to risk becoming part of the local news’ morning bulletin.
Tony made a hilariously indignant face when Steve came back into the atrium and presented him with a mug of steaming milk. "Warm milk? Seriously? What am I, seven years old?"
Tony covered his eyes with a hand. “Yes, okay, I get it. JARVIS, you can kill the music.”
“Captain Rogers, you are close to breaking the tablet.” JARVIS sounded distinctly alarmed. Steve noted the fact without reacting to it. His vision was sharp, his hands shaking slightly. His body had ramped up for combat.
Steve’s baser self stirred at the offer, but Tony sounded exhausted. “Maybe later. You ever watch Buster Keaton films?”
“Not if you take too long, I’m not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sugar, nutmeg, a little almond extract. And I used your fancy coffee robot to steam the milk."
Tony flipped through the whole stack again, slower this time, and set three of the project drawings aside, arranging them side-by-side on the couch cushions. “Can I convince you to do more of these? They’d look great in promotional materials.”
“She’s a civilian.”
Steve swiped his finger across the screen, leaving a wide streak of electric blue. “SHIELD gave me a briefing on Tony Stark before we met. It was only five paragraphs long. After the Chitauri invasion, I did my own research, but there’s a lot of information out there. I’m not sure what sources to trust. I was hoping you could help me out.”
“Thanks,” Steve repeated, hoping robots couldn’t identify blushes. “I got this. Could you do me a favor and clean the kitchen? I dropped some rice in there earlier.”
The tablet was inert for a few seconds while Steve just looked at it, admiring the translucent design, before a painting app opened without Steve needing to tap anything. Steve played with it for a while. He wasn’t trying to do anything fancy, just selecting different colors and trying out the different brush types, enjoying the sensation of finger painting without getting his hands messy. "JARVIS?"
Footsteps in the hall.
. Steve, delighted, did it again.
Steve looked up and blinked. Tony was standing in front of him, flipping through the finished sketches Steve had set to the side on the workshop couch. At some point he’d run out of graph paper and one of the robots had brought him an actual sketchpad. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been drawing, but his shoulders were cramped from hunching over the pad on his knees, and he’d filled a dozen pages.
“Of course you do,” Steve said, taking comfort in the implicit promise of
Tony stepped into the gap. “He’s staying with me for a while. We were about to have dinner, want to join us?”
“That can be arranged. In the meantime,” Tony said, eyes refocusing on Steve, “I never did get to peel you out of your new clothes.”
It wasn't the worst idea, Steve supposed. Steve really didn't want to wear his old clothes outside the safety of Stark Tower and suddenly reappear on SHIELD's grid. Borrowing clothes from Tony would only get him so far, given how different their sizes were. Tony projected presence like a much larger man, but he was a good three inches shorter than Steve (and he wore his pants a lot tighter).
Steve stood up fast and went back to the window. There were people on the sidewalks. Of course there were, this was still New York. He could find a bench to sit on where it was too loud to think, but in these clothes that would mean reappearing on SHIELD’s radar. The sense of being pinned down was a sour twist in his belly.
“You aren’t going to order?”
It was nice to eat without being stared at, but it was weird to be eating in a room so silent he could hear himself swallowing. It contrasted sharply with how it had been to eat with his men, and he couldn’t help but remember: Morita and Dum Dum trading jibes, Monty’s constant expression of fastidious martyrdom at whatever they’d scraped together that week, Dernier adding handfuls of weeds that might or might not have been poisonous to his portion, Bucky attacking his food like it would get up and run away if he stopped to chew--
a question.
. Not to mention what you’ve gotten up to on those little side-missions SHIELD’s been throwing you into. Don’t think I don’t know about those. You know parachutes are a thing, right? I could have sworn they had parachutes in the 40s.”
“I’ll be more careful with your banana,” Tony promised solemnly, staring pointedly at Steve’s groin.
“Cookouts with Rhodey’s family. I went home with him sometimes when MIT let out for the summer.”
“You get dressed, I’ll be back.” Tony picked up the bag of Steve’s old clothes and walked out of the room with a spring in his step.
Steve’s feet had carried him to the elevator before he’d decided he was leaving. He didn’t try to resist. “Is that in the Tower? Can I see him?”
Tony flattened his lips together and held out an open palm. He wasn’t happy, but he was listening.
“Steve. You wound me,” Tony said, putting his hand over his chest. “If it were my handiwork, it would say PROPERTY OF STARK INDUSTRIES.”
Tony’s eyes jerked to his, his face unsettlingly remote. “Well, she wasn’t thrilled. Seeing the aftermath of your boss’s non-consensual body modification isn’t fun. Being reminded of the torture your boyfriend went through every time he takes off his shirt is kind of a bummer. Hearing his screaming nightmares after he nearly dies flying a nuke through a wormhole into space is even worse, or so I’m reliably informed, especially when he can’t promise he’ll never do it again.” Tony’s hand had crept up to cover the arc reactor. He pulled it away as soon as he saw Steve looking and put both both hands flat on the workbench. “It wasn’t easy for her. It wouldn’t be easy for anyone.”
“An American original,” Steve agreed, and Tony’s mouth kicked up at the corner. Steve ran both his hands over the sides of Tony’s chest, neither lingering on nor avoiding the edges of the scar tissue radiating out from the arc reactor. Tony was still rigid under his hands, so Steve slid his fingers down to Tony’s bare ass and goosed him.
Steve looked up. Tony was standing over the bench, turning the visor over in his hands, staring at nothing. “What’s a lot?”
It was a strange feeling, sorting through the clothing looking for something to wear for Tony. Steve didn’t have to think about how fashions had changed, or what his clothes might be signalling to a modern audience. All he had to do was wear something Tony wanted to take off. Even if he didn’t have the time now, he would later, and Steve could admit in the privacy of his own head that he wanted Tony to be thinking of him during his meetings. Given how tight all of the shirts were, that wasn’t going to be difficult.
Tony gave him a smile that didn’t reach his eyes and tapped twice on his chest, where the blue of the arc reactor shone through his worn t-shirt. “This. Me, in general. I do realize that. It’s not that I don’t--” He cut himself off and made an expansive gesture towards the wall of the lab where his suits were lined up. They were powered down, their weapons hidden under the armor’s sleek curves, but Steve had only needed one glance at the Iron Man suit to know it was for combat. “It’s bad enough that I wear a metal suit and fly around with aliens shooting at me, at least that’s got a kind of reckless nobility of purpose, but this,” Tony said, rubbing the heel of his hand in a semi-circle under the reactor, “was just the result of my own short-sighted idiocy.”
“Well, I like
“I’m going back to work now,” Tony said. “I’m a very busy and important man who has better things to do than argue with usurping houseguests who turn my AI against me.”
with a link to a very short interview Ms. Potts had given to a reporter where she confirmed her relationship with Mr. Stark had ended and declined to comment further.
Some of them were drawings of Tony, and Steve got a squirmy hot feeling knowing that Tony had looked at those, but most of them depicted the armor or other projects Steve could see from the couch. Tony was holding a drawing of the disassembled Iron Man helmet close to his face, studying the details.
“What brings you by?” Bruce asked.
“I didn't mean she was weak. I just meant--people should get to be civilians. They deserve it. That’s what soldiers are for, to make a world where other people get the chance to be civilians. Just listen for a minute,” Steve said, too fast, because Tony was opening his mouth, and Steve wouldn’t be able to say this twice, he wouldn’t be able to start again if he was interrupted. “Please.”
Steve held out a hand palm-up. “Please do.”
me when you’re--” Steve’s voice pitched high and cut off as Tony lowered himself another inch in an agonizingly pleasurable slide. He bit his tongue hard until he backed off from the edge of coming.
Tony nodded, eyes cutting to the side, and stepped back before drawing the t-shirt over his head. The light of the arc reactor was much brighter without it, more than a layer of thin cotton would account for. Steve wondered how many of Tony’s seemingly casual t-shirts were designed specifically to hide the reactor light.
“Is Minion-in-Training your official job title?”
Steve glanced at the windows and saw that the sun was nearly overhead. “You on your lunch break?”
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS was saying, dimly. Steve thought maybe JARVIS had been saying it for a while. He couldn’t hear much over the white noise crackling through his head.
