Dean smiles. “Yeah, they are. I’m pretty lucky. I mean, my dad was a little mad when I said I wanted to study film but he tolerates it now, so.”
Dean forces a smile before looking back at his brother. Sam’s eyes are wide now at the mention of their father. No wonder panicking about what it really is they will encounter. Dean reaches across between them and takes one of Sam’s hands that rests in his lap.
And maybe he’s just overthinking it and he should just enjoy the game and the to-be kiss and the company before it all ends.
“I’m so sorry, Catharlo. I wish you never had to suffer through that. And for upheaving your life as you knew it.”
“Oh, I can leave if--”
______________________________________
But it won’t be. Nothing ever is.
“I said--”
. So simple. And it's all he wanted.
“I don’t think we’ve had a proper introduction,” the older man says beside Castiel. He holds a hand out and Castiel stares at it, swallowing. “Mervyn.”
“Definitely not.”
Charlie sighs. "We can't compromise anyone's position. If any of us get caught, the less you know the better. And to answer your question, they relayed to me what had happened and we only just sent word to the angels. We were already planning to get ready to save you, Castiel, if we got word that you were in grave danger and it wasn't mere punishment like before." She frowns. "Actually, I should write another letter now that we have you and tell them what's going on."
“What are you talking about?” Michael says, words bitter.
But she’s not here anymore. The only thing left of her is this dark, cold room.
Tears finally spill onto Castiel’s cheeks as he lets his wings disappear. “Dean, I didn’t--” But he’s already up on his feet, eyes harder than he’s ever seen them as he sprints across the room towards him.
No, he’s not going to admit it.
It dawns on him then in. Castiel has no chance. If they find out he is an angel, they will lock him up and cut him apart until he’s no more. And if they can’t find anything, it doesn’t matter. He will be locked in the dungeons until he dies a slow death.
His father takes a step forward. “I know what he is,” he spits.
“Don’t make this harder than it should be,” a guard behind him says and suddenly there is a hand gripping the back of his neck and forcing him forward. He clenches his jaw and doesn’t resist this time when the guard locks the chain around his neck. The chain isn’t too long, only allowing him a few feet of space to move in either direction. He’s roughly turned around and the shackles on his feet are removed. Castiel raises his shackled hands but the guard with the key only laughs.
This is it. All he has to do is say the words and then it’s done. And then he can take a breath. His mouth goes dry, throat closing up, heart pounding.
“Cas…” he breathes.
They’re on their last lap of the night after quite a few sprints and three hundred metre runs when Castiel is finally starting to feel good. All of the family drama and stress of it fades away as Castiel’s legs keep pumping.
"What are you doing?"
The usual conversation flows as everyone serves up their own plates, ‘how are you’s and ‘this all looks wonderful’ and there’s some slight stress relief until everyone is served, no more dishes being passed around and it begins all over again.
And he doesn’t speak it but he knows it’s true. Of course he would do the same. Despite the risk. But he is the Last Angel. He’s supposed to risk everything for this world. Not Dean. Dean is too…
But with Castiel, it all seems so right. It’s in that moment that he realises for the first time in a long time, he’s happy.
Giggling to his left has him whipping his head around to find Krissy, already in her canoe out in the water, hand raised to her mouth as she watches him. Dean glares at her until she raises her hands in surrender and flicks her eyes away.
That the whole time, Castiel had actually chosen him.
But what perhaps is the most interesting is when the professor starts talking about their assignment. He’s halfway through saying that they will be partnered up with whoever’s to their left when Castiel abruptly stands up, grabs his backpack and the notepad he’d been using and walks over and places it down on Dean’s desk.
“Yes. But worry about it once you have returned to camp with the grace. Now enough of this. Go. Now.”
The first is now he’s let everyone know what a fool he is. And when he means everyone he means his father. He’s proven that while Castiel might not want to kill him he is capable of hurting him. He wonders of his father will just appoint him another guard and have Castiel thrown in the dungeons after his standard punishment for hurting Dean.
,” he lets out on a breathy moan, voice shaky as he comes.
“They were smart to hide away in the Ellwood, I’ll give them that. There’s no tactical advantage in sending my army to war there, knowing they would have a decade of knowledge of the lay of the forest. So, this evening I will make an announcement.” Dean swallows, knowing what he is going to say. “To the entire kingdom. And I know some of their own will be listening. It won’t take long for word to reach the rest of them in the Ellwood. And then, we’ll settle this once and for all.”
“How do you put up with me?” Castiel asks, his insecurities slipping out. Dean frowns.
Something to ask another time.
Rage fills his senses as he sees the man grab another dagger from the stall beside where the pigs stands. Castiel takes off towards the man unable to hear whatever it is Dean is calling out behind him.
“I’m sorry,” he starts, and there’s more, there’s much more, but his throat restricts even further now.
He folds his hands over one another in his lap and forces them to stop shaking.
The meeting runs smoothly. The entrusted guards will be leaving for the Ellwood Forest tomorrow, stopping in Lithos on the way. Dean doesn’t really believe what they’re saying. They’ve had rumours like this many times before and they have all been false. Or at least, they’ve never been able to find anything.
Castiel freezes, the touch of Dean’s hands on his waist rendering him motionless. Dean chuckles quietly before taking Castiel’s hands and placing them around his neck before putting his own back on Castiel’s waist.
“Just tell me, please. Why can’t we – no one will ever know.” Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t understand, Cas, just tell--”
Castiel throws the door to his cabin open, not bothering to listen to the rest of what his brother has to say. He checks over his pack that sits in the corner, making sure he has everything before grabbing the two swords he’s since been given and slipping them in either side of his belt. He swings the pack over his shoulder, glancing one last time around the bedroom to make sure he hasn’t forgotten anything and striding back out. He bursts into the empty cabin next door that Dean and Sam were residing in, looking around and grabbing the only thing he can find, shoving it in his pack and striding back out into the field.
“Calm down, Christ, Dean, and no, I didn’t tell anybody.”
And Dean’s chest is tight with fear as he kisses back but Castiel’s touch grounds him. And when they finally part, Dean’s eyes flick out over the celebration to find not a soul glancing in their direction. All around them the night goes on.
Castiel clears his throat, battling to maintain his composure. "And you are?"
“But we can organise our own dates,” Dean says, a grumpy look passing over his face that can only be described as adorable. “I don’t under--"
He wouldn’t be lying if he said he wasn’t slightly intimidated by him. He’s got the height and he’s almost certain he could take him in a fight but with the way Castiel holds himself, like the world could fall into disarray overnight and he’d still just sit there reading his stupid fucking book, paired along with those piercing blue eyes – well, it’s hard not to feel intimidated. Despite it though, and all the pretty awful stories he’s heard, Dean’s always had kind of a crush on him. Well, at least the R rated kind of crush. Not like his crotch ever had standards anyway. But at least his heart does, thank Christ. He could never fall for a cheater. Not in a fucking eon. Especially after what happened with his first girlfriend. He wonders how Castiel even got that way in the first place.
"You unscrewed it?" Dean asks, eyes flicking to Castiel. "When?"
“What?”
Dean blinks, eyes drifting and Castiel can see his mind is already elsewhere. He waits for it, can see it on Sam's face too.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, as he shakes his head slowly, “I thought…”
Michael leans against the door, watching. “Castiel taught you well.”
His smile falters for a moment, as his mind pulls his thoughts in each and every direction. If everything works out in the end – if all is right in the world, Emery hopes Catharlo will be there with him.
______________________________________
When the prince parts again, it’s to pull at his boots, ungracefully yanking them off and throwing them to the side as Castiel does the same with his own – careful with the dagger that’s hidden inside of one – and undoing their belts with their swords, knocking them to the floor, until they’re left only in their trousers.
“Try to stop me.” The man quickly steps to the side of Castiel and pulls his arm back to throw the dagger. Just as his arm is coming down, Castiel grabs at his hand and bends it until the man drops the knife right into Castiel’s waiting hand where he doesn’t spare a moment before holding it up to his throat.
She reaches a hand out toward him but he turns and he runs, vision blurred until he stops on the other side of the street. He braces a hand against the wall of a pub and bends over at the knees. His throat burns. He wants to wretch. He wants to scream.
this movie actually any good?"
As though hearing his aching heart, Dean catches his eyes across the dying fire.
The next chapter is a little brighter, I promise :')
“No, no, Cas, stop!” Dean shouts, cradling him even closer, hand still curled over Castiel’s own on his stomach. “You’re gonna make it. You can do it, Cas. You can heal yourself.”
He shakes his head. “No,
“My parents were killed when I was young,” Castiel says, voice emotionless, betraying the feelings inside. Sympathy flashes in Dean’s eyes but it’s gone within a second. “There was a fire in our home.” A partial truth. It wasn’t their own home they were burnt in. Nor did the fire kill them. The fire was only an afterthought. Burning the bodies of all the angels seemed easier to the king’s men than burying them.
“You fucked him,” Michael says harshly. Castiel’s eyes harden on his brother as humiliation burns his skin.
Dean looks away, jaw ticking. Because he’s right. They’re not. They don’t even kiss. At least not on the lips. He pulls his hand away from Castiel’s and suddenly a cold emptiness fills his chest.
And Dean turns to find his gut twisting.
But how could he not have known. He knows Castiel better than anyone. And yet here they are. His best friend in the whole world, a sad shell of what he used to be. All alone in his suffering.
He sprays on the nice cologne he got last Christmas from Gabriel – god, he’s so screwed – grabs his phone and wallet and dashes out the door.
It was only when he went to speak to Nyree, who in turn was speaking to Michael and a few other angels, he realised Castiel was not with them and no one had seen him that morning.
Castiel’s life rests in the palms of his hands. He’s the only one that can save him now.
Bela turns on him then, hand creeping across the table to cover his own. “You wanna get a drink at my place?”
Dean paces the room, mind racing a mile a minute. “What about Brady, Cill--”
“What’s that?” Castiel’s brow is creased, frowning as he stares at the edge of the mixtape that’s sticking out of his jacket pocket.
“The men who tried to kidnap me were from Lithos. This is the mayor’s responsibility. We will find those men and have them punished. And we certainly won’t be providing their town with any more
And it’s almost there. He almost holds all their Three in the air above him. Almost ready to destroy it once and for all.
You’ll just have to prove him wrong, Dimarus had said. It might be harder than Dean originally thought. But he’ll do it nonetheless. He will.
Xandria stands to attention, hands behind her back and spine straight.
“Magic,” Emery says.
It's going to be a nice summer.
Guards come for him just as the prisoners are being served breakfast. Castiel was fortunate enough to recieve some food and water for dinner last night. It was worse than it looked but he’d been too starved to care and it meant he was able to find enough strength to lightly heal some of the bruises littering his body. A small blessing.
And he almost gives up. Because Castiel just shouted in his face that he didn’t care for his words. And the anger is so clear. The hatred.
The next few days are rough. The castle is quiet after he set off the alarm in the king’s chambers but slowly it is forgotten.
If the alliance wasn’t so important Castiel would have parted ways, freeing Dean from himself long ago. If the alliance wasn’t so important he would have never married him. Dean doesn’t deserve this.
He shakes his head, kicking away his sappy thoughts, and bends down, hooking one arms under Cas’ legs and the other arm under Cas’ shoulders. For his slim build, Cas is certainly not the lightest person he’s ever met but after all the long days in the garage, Dean finds it easy now.
“Is it not obvious?”
Dean crouches down in front of him again. "No, Cas. You have to believe me. He saw us. My father. He saw us together in my rooms." It’s almost as if the very air itself stills. What? Tears fill Dean's eyes. "That night we danced. Don't you remember?"
A few generals stand along with the guards that have just finished beating Castiel and doing gods knows what else.
“I know you hate balls, but I promise as soon as we’ve stayed as long as we are needed, we can leave,” Dean says, and Castiel realises he’s been frowning.
Tonight, Dean’s breathing has barely softened when he hears Castiel shifting beside him. Suddenly, his arm is being lifted and he opens his eyes to see Castiel resting his cheek over Dean’s heart, curled up against him.
Castiel chews his lower lip, the words on the tip of his tongue. He wants to ask it but he doesn’t want to be so obvious. So, he says, “You’ve been acting different lately. I mean, on Monday.” Dean steadily avoids his gaze, a small flush creeping up his jaw. Castiel waits patiently, nerves growing. And when Dean still doesn’t say anything, he adds, “Did I do something?”
Michael’s frowning, thoughts somewhere else when they step up to speak with them.
“Xandria. What is it you need?”
“No, I – Castiel and I have been getting along better than ever.” Leda’s eyes light up.
It’s almost laughable. Such a simple question that expects such a simple answer – a good, a fine, a fantastic. But it’s not so simple. Castiel’s not sure how others do it. Prepare to get married off into another family, into another castle, into a strange man’s arms to live with until their dying breath.
His memory isn’t completely clear, although it was for many years, but it’s clearer than most memories. For it was the most painful.
His voice is quiet and hoarse. Filled with sorrow. But there are no tears left for him this dawn.
,” and then he’s coming inside of him, chest heaving and face buried in the side of his neck as he holds in his own sounds.
His hand is clenched and meeting Dean’s jaw before he can think about it, the rage in his throat. Dean stumbles backwards, bracing himself on the wall. He pants, eyes wide as they meet Castiel’s, a hand raising to his lip, split and bleeding.
Dean rolls his eyes. “No, for fuck’s sake, I’m fine. Just leave me alone.” But Seb’s hand doesn’t budge from where he’s holding him down.
They hold each other for what feels like forever and when they finally pull away, Castiel’s chest squeezes tight, fear bubbling in his throat that when he sees her face again it won’t be real.
“Charlie, you in there?” he calls, a moment after hearing a loud crash inside.
______________________________________
“No, Cas, this – it was my fault.” Castiel’s eyes slip shut as he tries to steady his breathing. “I chose Castiel as my guard from the beginning and as my guard he was rarely able to leave my side. It was therefore under those circumstances extremely difficult for him to go about his mission but he did his best with what he had.”
Dean swallows audibly, a quiet kind of sadness creeping into his heart. “That must have been nice.”
______________________________________
“I’m not leaving here without you by my side. I said I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you upset, I was just trying--”
Dean helps a few girls lift their suitcases up the stairs and into the dorms. There's no fighting or arguing over who is sleeping where or with whom - something Dean has had to put up with before in past years.
Until Castiel looks up and meets his eyes. “I don’t deserve you.” Dean sees it in his eyes. The aching shame. “I hurt you,” he says, and he’s never seemed smaller.
Nicolaus sneers. “You would turn your back so easily on the people you swore to serve!”
✧ ✧ ✧
Dean’s mouth parts. “Sam, this is…”
______________________________________
Was he staring at Dean? Is this one of those moments the girls were talking about?
Something inside of him skips a little at seeing him. It’s only fifteen minutes into class but it was enough to have Dean thinking he wasn’t going to show. Not that Dean should care so much. He already sees him a few times a week now.
“You ain’t gettin away from me now, Cas.” Dean says as he slings his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and raises the phone up in front of them. Castiel is at a loss for words. What’s he supposed to say? This is not how they had planned to out Castiel as Dean’s partner. “See, cute and smoking hot at the same time. Ridiculous, right?” Dean says, looking towards the phone before planting a sloppy kiss on Castiel’s cheek, making him blush crimson red.
It floods Castiel in an instant and he steps forward, mouth open to speak, shame creeping into his heart but Dean looks at him, eyes fill with rage and sadness and suddenly, he moves to the side just in time for Dean’s fist to graze his own jaw.
Coaching hasn't always been Castiel's thing. In fact, a few years ago it probably would have been the last thing he would get into. He doesn't choose to be social. But he needs to get out of the house somehow. And so far, this casual running training that he's been holding at the local university track has been doing alright. All of the guys and girls he's been training for the last year have been nice enough and somewhere along the way he began to enjoy turning up every Monday, Wednesday and Friday to run these university students into the ground.
“The angel, unable to bear the thought of their beloved’s soul sinking into the depths of the underworld, decided to to fight against it. They knew they couldn’t defeat the God of Darkness and that the God of Light would never make the sacrifice needed. So, the angel did it themselves. They drew all essence that made them an angel out of them and used the three ingredients to do a powerful spell. Powerless, they became mortal. Human. The only sign that they were once holy, the physical manifestations of wings on their back.”
They gather up the girls and wander outside where they all gather around a little fire pit where two of the camp coordinators wait for them with smiles on their faces.
Dimarus stands, gazing out the window, sky dark with night. Emery leans against the captain’s desk, watching him intently.
Around him, the angels do the same, Castiel following suit.
“I’m impressed. I didn’t think you had it in you to resist my hold on you.”
But before his thoughts can get too far, the pulling in his chest is soothed by the hand that comes up to tangle in his hair. He immediately relaxes back into Dean’s chest but it also reminds him of how much he has missed this. The simple intimacy that he used to share with Dean was one of the many things about the man that Castiel craved the most. His touch was always so careful, so gentle.
Dean lets his eyes slip shut, hands tightening around the straps on his backpack. He tells himself to keep walking. But when he opens his eyes, finding Castiel still there, still focusing on his stupid book, he thinks fuck it.
But it’s enough.
Before Dean can say anything, Castiel speaks again. “Thank you.” he whispers.
And now his hands tremble. He presses them further into his lap, making sure that no one can possibly see and turns his concentration to slowing the pounding of his heart in his chest.
Castiel watches silently until the guard leaves. “Is there anything more I have to do?” he asks. There’s no sign of any mocking in his tone, however. He only sounds tired.
Finally, they reach a clearing and he sees where the prince is taking him. A small lake, with a rocky outcrop as the backdrop – water falling over it and leading away down a small stream.
Patrus doesn’t even blink as Castiel stabs the fallen god through the chest.
“And he was the worst. Because I actually thought he was nice. Because I kinda liked him.” He laughs, short and miserable. “I actually had this fucking lame crush on him. But turns out it wasn’t even real because he was only doing it because his friends bet him to.”
Dean kissed him. Dean
“But more importantly,” Dean says, quiet and only for the two of them. “To what we’ve built for ourselves.” And then one hand is on his cheek, another on his waist and he’s being pulled into a kiss.
As the meeting ends, the captain whispers something to Dean quickly that he can’t hear over the prattle of the other men. Dean glances at Castiel once before the captain nods and leaves the room. Dean looks to him again, this time motioning his head towards the door and Castiel understands, following after him.
Tomorrow… Tomorrow will determine everything.
Dean leans up on his elbows, an amused smile pulling at the corner of his lips. “I was joking, Cas,” he says, and watches as Castiel stares at him confused.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Just that I what?”
Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t know. But I just – I wanted to breathe and I wanted land and the next thing I knew I was on my hands and knees on a dirt road. And when I looked up to gather my bearings I…” He trails off, hesitating but Dean’s eyes push him on. “I believe I was in Yeoji.”
But the hope vanishes when Dean speaks again. “Is there something wrong with your hand?” Castiel keeps it facing away, concentrating hard.
And the last few days have flown by, the camp transformed. Dean wasn’t here when they first marched out to war – for him and Sam – and so he is awed by the meticulous way in which every person, adult and child, appears to know exactly what they need to be doing. Whether it’s preparing and packing the food for their journey, folding and tying tarps for cover when they will sleep in the open or sharpening and polishing swords and shields, mail and armour for those that will fight.
But Dean is beginning to get anxious. They’ve been fighting so long.
He pulls away with cheeks reddened, a smile on his lips and in his eyes, a fire in his heart.
“Captain,” Dean says, drawing all attention to him. “Will you be needing Castiel for the report?” The captain glances to the leader who swiftly shakes his head. There isn’t much to report. Other than finding a lost girl up a tree, hiding from wolves that she ‘apparently’ had been running from, they found no evidence of angels in the Ellwood Forest. Castiel didn’t recognise the girl. She must have been a new recruit of Michael’s and he has to say, she pulled the act off incredibly well. And stalled just long enough for Michael and him to have a proper conversation.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, ask if it had something to do with the demon but Michael beats him to it.
“What’d she want?” he asks, stilted and eyes not meeting Dean’s.
"Well, I guess I haven't really found the right lady…" Dean says, taking a moment to build up the courage, "…or, you know, guy."
“I’m not – I do not wish to dance, Dean. You are mistaken.” Dean eyes him warily but doesn’t say anything more.
He lets his eyes slip shut in feigned sleep when he hears his husband finally enter their chambers. It’s a while before he finally feels the dip in the bed but it’s worth all the waiting in the world.
And Dean’s already fucked because of course he’s this fucking attractive. If it was anyone else, he would still be the charming, heartthrob Dean Winchester but all he can do now is blush to the tips of his ears and leave his mouth hanging open in what he thought was going to be a greeting but apparently fucking not.
himself forget about it.
“No.” Castiel’s voice cuts across the room. The king’s eyes are fierce when they turn on Castiel and he takes a step forward into his personal space.
He waits a few more minutes in line before purchasing the tickets and then takes a minute or so to find Castiel in the crowded area but eventually spies him standing near the entrance, still on the phone and looking, well, not happy.
Behind him it’s achingly quiet. The revelation that Catharlo is an angel does not surprise him. Not that he knew but when he heard Emery mention scars he understood. Catharlo’s physical wings had almost been bred out entirely leaving him with only with scars. But as they have just seen, wings or not, he is not any less angelic.
Due to the month of June when I was incredibly busy and unable to do any writing at all, I fell behind on my schedule for this story and instead of continuing to post and post until I finally catch up to myself and then have to take a massive break before posting between each chapters, I've decided it is much better for me (and my stress lol) to take a few smaller breaks every once in a while. So, unfortunately, that means that I'll be taking another mini hiatus and Chapter 11 will be posted on the 11th of August back on the normal Saturday, ~8-9pm AEST time. Sorry for the inconvenience, but I feel a lot safer this way. It's also fitting, considering this is the end of Part I: Wings!
The new one and left handed one are positioned to the left of the door. The other two – to the right. If Castiel jumps down on the guards to the right of the door, the left handed will have to unsheathe his sword in the opposite direction of where Castiel will be and the new one, well, he can be handled fine. Then it just leaves the two that went inside. Castiel assumes they will lead first and let the other guards follow. Then if he finishes the guards – he can take down the last two, grab the chest and head towards the main street. It should all be over in under two minutes.
Dean holds his gaze for a moment as if making sure what he’s saying is true before finally nodding. “Okay. Do you want to…” He nods towards Castiel’s jerkin. Castiel takes another deep breath before speaking.
For he smiles, wide and beautiful.
Fear and excitement twists within everyone as they sit, gather inside the cabin. Excitement as Nyree begins explaining the plan to both Dean and Sam, who sit transfixed beside Castiel; fear, the larger of the emotions, because it means that this is real now. There’s no going back.
Carrying the arrows and bows towards the doors, Emery feels another gaze on him, heavier than the others. He glances to his right and sees a pair of eyes flick away. The guard sits by himself, polishing a sword – possibly his own. He’s a strong man – strong like a bull – perhaps the strongest man he’s seen in the castle and if he is not, then he must be up there.
Emery breathes. Because it all makes sense. “Those scars on your back
“Do you want to know?” Castiel's lids are heavy but his eyes are clear.
“My mother?” he says, voice tight.
The woman’s eyes go soft. “Lovers. And what is your name? I must know the name of the man who has the prophesied’s heart.”
Tears sting at his eyes. Blood is slipping down into his mouth and he tries to wipe it away but the blood on his hands only adds to it.
Dean’s body. For Dean will be long gone by now.
And he stares at him, confusion, betrayal all flashing through his gaze and it stings Castiel, hurts him to this core.
Dean’s surprised, arousal stirring low in his gut when after only a few moments, Castiel’s hips shift and he begins to rock himself back and forth on his finger. Dean groans into his skin and swiftly adds a second, Castiel squirming above him.
His heart flutters. He needs a distraction. And what better than that? Now that she is alive, how did he not think of it sooner?
And what were the odds that the very man who swept into his home - who swept into his heart - would be the only person on this very earth who could save it from impending doom?
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, this is it, then?” he asks. “You’re giving up.”
“Every time you tell me everything’s going to be okay or brush the hair from my face when you think I’m still sleeping.” Castiel flushes to which Dean laughs, warm and low and beautiful. “Every time…” Dean trails off, almost as if he’s lost for words, “Every
It’s been three days since Castiel was whipped and as his lash wounds have slowly started to heal, so has Dean’s wrist. Once a day at their morning training, Castiel will find some excuse to touch his wrist – whether it’s correcting technique or in a fight – healing only enough that it’s barely noticeable.
______________________________________
______________________________________
He’s not sure what it is, maybe just Brady’s annoying smug face, but Castiel’s eyes turn icy in an instant.
All eyes fall on Dean now as he grits his teeth. “More like best friends actually,” he says, eyes trained on his beer in front of him.
“I don’t think either of them could ever have been filled with so much hate and violence that they could not change. Perhaps you might have had a say in that.”
There’s a long stretch of silence and Castiel glances up over his phone just in time to see Dean respond with, “Do you even hear the shit that comes out of your mouth sometimes, Michael?”
Patrus turns to him then.
“Castiel.” Nyree’s voice blends through the quiet. “Whenever you are ready.”
“And I saw you.” He pauses and their eyes meet. And he’s never seen his father’s eyes appear so dark. His next words, however, appear even darker, for he says, “Through your window. With your guard. Castiel.”
“A late-night visit to the library before bed, perhaps?”
Cue Castiel rambling. He's out of breath by the time he's finished talking about the five own voices novels he has stacked behind the counter. Dean doesn't interrupt once and even has this amused smile on his face the whole time, which only makes Castiel lose track of what he was talking about twice.
If only he hadn’t fallen so terribly in love. If only, if only, if only.
Sam finally tears his eyes away from the scene before him. He wipes at the wetness staining his face, nodding his head before shaking it – unsure of himself.
Castiel’s eyes reflect the stars above as he squeezes Dean’s hand tight.
Castiel sits there, hunched over a book he borrowed from the library. He doesn’t look up but Dean can see the dark circles under his eyes. “I didn’t know when you would wake so breakfast hasn’t been ordered. I can do that now if you want,” he says, flipping a page. There are no traces of anger or annoyance in his voice. He only sounds tired. And if anything, there is a hint of sadness.
Dean swallows. “Which part?”
Castiel holds his eyes for a moment. “I’m not sure. But nothing else makes sense.”
Strong arms wrap around him, hugging him to Dean’s chest and Castiel sobs even louder, hands clawing at Dean as he tucks his face into the crook of his neck.
But the hardest times are when Sam asks questions. Questions he can't answer. Especially those of his mother, although since Sam doesn't remember their mother, at least some of the emotion the young prince had for their father was not there.
Nyree is waiting, speaking to others that were sent out and Michael heads toward her to tell him of their own failure. From the look of everyone else, it seemed no one else found anything either.
Charlie and William both look sympathetic but remain quiet as they wait for the rest of the story.
“Your feet,” he says, throat constricted.
Dean looks down at his feet. “I’m sorry, Elaria. But I assume that means Castiel didn’t tell you the full story.”
He flicks his eyes up to one of the guard’s. “Leave the main doors open and wait in the hall.” The guard’s eyes widen but he nods. He signals to the guards behind Dean and walks towards the doors – opening them wide and standing in the hall, their backs to Dean and Castiel. They’re not gone. But they’re far enough away now that they can speak without anyone hearing.
The Saviour of the Fallen. The Guider of the Souls. The Last Angel.
He goes down heavily.
“So, this is what you were dreaming about?” Dean asks, a smirk now plastered across his face, his confidence not gone for long. Castiel laughs again.
He evades and parries, spins and ducks at the onslaught of Dean’s wooden sword until he’s had enough and instead of constantly avoiding him, he meets his strike head on, holding it there as he challenges Dean’s glare. Dean’s teeth are gritted hard and this is no way to fight – either of them should be onto the next move by now but they both hold it, locked in this silent battle between them.
Until Castiel steps away, hand falling from his cheek and says, “Thank you.”
They arrive at the spot a little while before the sunrise, everyone taking a seat on the grass and pulling breakfast out of their packs. Dean and Castiel sit behind the girls, knees nudging as they munch away at muesli bars and trail mix.
Dean frowns. “Oh.” Because it doesn’t just look like something he’s shrugging off. He wonders who it is. When were they last together? And what the fuck he’s saying to Castiel that’s making him look so depressed.
He grits his teeth and breathes before he says, as calmly as he can, “I don’t like it either. But if this is the quickest way then that is that. Because the demon is out there and any second I might have to face it.”
Dean threads a hand through Castiel's hair, holding him as close as he can. "It's not your fault, Cas, okay? What happened happened. And I wish it never happened, I wish I'd actually fucking talked to you and was there for you but we can't change that. But we're here now though, right?" A broken sob falls from Castiel's lips as he half-heartedly nods into Dean's chest. And Dean doesn't know what he's saying - doesn't know if it's the right thing but he has to start somewhere. It's long overdue.
“It all began four years before the invasion. The day I first visited the angels in Iowan. I wouldn’t admit it but I was afraid of what I would find in the angel capital. I was afraid of the angels themselves. It’s why John sent such a large entourage of guards with me. But…” She shakes her head and he doesn’t need to see the conflict in her eyes to understand it is there. “Nothing was as it seemed. In fact, I’d never seen a place so peaceful. All united. Any angel welcome to the royal castle. They didn’t even have any gates surrounding it. When it was finally time to head back to Anathee, I found that strangely I wanted to stay. I wanted to get to know these people and their stories, their lives. And I did.”
He doesn't hesitate. "Of course."
“I am sorry for her death and yours but I believe I have good news. Now that you are here, would you like to finally see your mother again?”
Mary holds his eyes a moment longer, those deep green eyes, darker than his own but his own nonetheless, looking for something. And she must find whatever it is for she nods.
“We wouldn’t want to disappoint you with being so unimportant after all,” Dean says.
It’s even endearing when Dean pulls away to awkwardly pull off his boots.
“We’ll get him back, Dean. I’ll get him back. If it’s the last thing I do.”
Castiel had shaken his head, a small ‘no’ falling from his lips. The ache in his chest had been there for a whole week – even after everything.
Nyree nods in understanding. “Well, I brought you some food. It’s past midday now. You both should eat.” Dean nods his thanks, feeling too uncomfortable to say anything further before taking the basket from her arms.
It is not much to go on. But it is something at least. And knowing where they are heading now – hopefully it will cut some time from their journey.
They’ve barely had the time the past few days to take each other in, let alone have any private conversation. And yet they sit in silence, both set of eyes trained up at the night sky.
______________________________________
to think about it, the more he ends up reliving the moment. The thrashing of his body and the clawing at his trousers, at his thighs. The thought of what would have happened if he had waited a second longer to move, if he had been knocked out cold. The severe ache of his stiff body after those kicks from the guard were actually the best thing that happened to him down here for the pain took his mind away – the pain was a distraction.
Something in Dean’s gaze breaks, then and he pulls Castiel forward once more into a tight embrace, tighter even than before.
Castiel narrows his eyes, not understanding where this is going.
Dean turns and stares at him. “What are you doing?”
“I don’t know,” he mumbles. “Will she even know who I am?” And he sounds so scared and miserable that Castiel’s heart breaks for him.
“It’s beautiful.”
His room, however, looks as though it was thrown together at the last minute. A large storage closet with only one exit, one window and an air vent – neither of which Castiel could possibly fit through.
There’s a nobleman already playing the game when they arrive at the stall. He shoots the first arrow into the centre of the small target and the man behind the stall hands him another. His second arrow dips below the centre of the target. The nobleman huffs in annoyance, placing the bow back down before wandering off. Sam grabs Castiel by the arm and pulls him to the front.
Michael crosses his arms over his chest. Dean looks away, focusing on Castiel instead, when he speaks up, telling the princess that it was he and Castiel that did not see eye to eye, not the two brothers.
______________________________________
______________________________________
But the way Dean touches him and holds his eyes – more so than usual now too – he can’t let that go. It seems whenever he can get the chance he’s helping Castiel up by the hand or checking the gash on the side of his head with light fingers pressed to his jaw. And it’s not only that he doesn’t want to retreat away from Dean but he can’t. The prince is the only thing grounding him. But he needs to pull away. Before it’s too late.
Sam cries into him but Reyne has to take him by the shoulder and hold him back. Meet his eyes when he says it. And he thinks it might be one of the hardest things he’s ever had to speak.
He takes the moment to get half the beer inside of him, hoping it will calm some of his nerves. The ease doesn’t last long, however, as out of the corner of his eye he spies Eve and Castiel stepping onto the deck, Samuel close behind them.
“Hope I didn’t wake you,” Dean says quietly, lifting his shirt to start unwinding the bandage from around his stomach.
“Because I cannot enter,” Castiel says and Dean can see the anxiety hidden on his carefully neutral face as they get closer and closer to the camp but wait--
So, he closes his eyes and tries to sew the patches back together.
Castiel purses his lips, glancing down with a smile before saying, “I’m really glad you kept flirting with me. Even after I turned you down.” Which in hindsight, was actually not a bad decision since it still led to this anyway. But if Dean had lost interest then perhaps he would have missed out on something special.
Castiel huffs. He sort of guessed that on his own, what from the reaction and all. And that fact that it was Michael, who isn’t exactly known for his sensibleness. “It’s okay, Dean. Honestly. I believe you.”
A part of him thinks perhaps he should want this. Perhaps he should let him do it, let him punish himself for doesn’t he deserve it for hurting him? For torturing him all these years?
Patrus reappears at the treeline, chuckling lightly but Castiel can hear the sinister edge as he reappears completely.
Sam sniffles, wiping at his face. He nods, meeting Dean's eyes.
Dean cocks an eyebrow. “Are you saying I age like fine wine?”
“Alissande,” Dean says, shooting the maid a smile before facing Castiel. “She’s here for your measurements.”
The king’s eyes flash with a darkness that has something stuttering inside of Castiel.
"No, I didn't mean it like that. I just mean he's kind of hard to read."
“I do, Dean. I think you are physically capable of all of these things. You’ve proven that already. But…” Dean waits for Castiel to speak again, the disappointment already replaced with a swell of warmth in his chest. “To get to where I am now, all I did was train. Every day and every night. It was…” Castiel stares ahead, his eyes glazing over. “Hard.”
It doesn’t make it any better that he feels helpless for Castiel too. For Castiel is quiet, never saying too much and his eyes are always distant and he can’t understand how he does it, how he manages to breathe whilst all this is coming down upon him.
But Patrus stops, not coming any further as he eyes Castiel. There’s something almost…curious in them, beside the dark amusement.
“Okay. Night, then, Cas.”
______________________________________
Class officially starts now but no one seems to even notice he is there. What on earth is going on? Castiel slowly walks over to the front row where the first two girls who walked in are still fixated on the tiny screen
A warm hand cradles his cheek but he doesn’t flinch away. Because it’s known. Never been forgotten.
Castiel crosses his arms over his chest. “I would
But he saw the way Castiel looked when Dean hit him. He didn’t even try to fight back. And now all he can think of are Castiel’s scars. As if he wasn’t thinking about them enough before. He wonders how many times Castiel’s been hit like that. How many times he’s been beaten.
“I need to speak with you.” Dean stands, rubbing the back of his hand over his cheeks roughly before walking towards him.
a god.”
But he blinks and…
Wordlessly, Dean grabs a cloth from his basket and dips it in a small bowl of water. He raises his hands to Castiel’s face, his eyes questioning and Castiel leans forward slightly. It’s the same as the morning in Anathee. Dean’s hands are warm and gentle on his face, fingers grazing his skin as he cleans both the wound on his cheek and the new gash on the side of his head that cuts into his hairline.
He tries harder. Presses his hand down but he only cries out at the pain.
A servant is already there to lead it over to where the guards and their horses are milling around a way off.
The last question is underlined twice and glancing to the top of the page Dean finds that the date is two years before the war. Before she went missing.
But then – his father takes a step forward and then another and his arms are raising as if--
Back to the others, he slides his hand under his shirt, pressing it to the wound on his chest, just above his heart, where the multiple layers allowed Joren’s arrow to pierce him shallowly.
“Oh,” Castiel responds, and he can feel a small trickle of blood slide down his palm.
Dean can feel Castiel tense in his arms as they pass the two bodies outside. But he doesn't mention it, nor is there time to stop and they continue on up the stairs. Carefully, of course. And slowly because of whatever kind of torture was inflicted upon Castiel’s legs - he can't exactly see in the low light. Castiel tenses for a second time when they round the corner to find Sam still standing guard by the door. Dean glances at Castiel to find his eyes wide and lips parted.
But Castiel stares at him, his eyes wide and then he turns and sees Michael standing there, face half bloody.
And with his heart set on Dean, it was enough of a distraction to let his mind rest for a little while. Until they’d parted ways for sleep. Sleep that barely came for Castiel.
Charlie is the first to find him and whilst they are both happy to see each other, it appears that she has been told of everything that happened. First, Dean’s death and then the battle to end it all. But her presence is reassuring more than anything and Dean feels a moment of relief when she tells him she will be visiting again soon.
"It was… just over there. Beyond the tree line." The other guard's give him a disbelieving look.
Patrus is still as anything back beside the portal once more. Their eyes are closed, lips pursed. But as Castiel watches, he notices the way their lips curve into a smile before the smile before him disappears, along with the god.
“Cas, what are you--” Dean starts, staring up into Castiel’s teary eyes.
He has to save him. But how is he supposed to do that? What if they kill him? What if somehow, they find out?
“It’s part of our job here. To always be ready for someone needing a place to hide,” V continues softly. “This time, though, we’d heard about what happened at the castle. That the crown prince’s personal guard had captured the princes and escaped.” Her eyes turn on Castiel. “We’d already been informed what position you’d attained when you entered, so, when we heard we knew it was you.”
✧ ✧ ✧
There are many other lovely ladies here tonight and as soon as the music begins, many are already lining up to dance.
The guards were on the prowl for blood even more so when they’d been told he was some unhinged sinner – something that had Catharlo’s insides knotting.
Dean pushes himself to his feet, not bothering to brush off the dirt. Castiel doesn’t give him more than a moment, lurching forward to fake a punch left before sending his right fist down towards Dean’s side. Dean grunts, taking a step back.
Dean huffs. “You’re only saying that because
“Perhaps, we should wait until they are before their father to speak of what happened. No point repeating it more than once. And I’m sure the princes here would not like to, either,” Mervyn says.
"But they are. And one is here - the same one that I believe took our mother. And they are dangerous, Sam. To me. And to you."
“I don’t know. What do you think, Dean?”
“Dean,” Castiel strangles out, the heat searing now and he knows he’s close. He’s going to--
Eyes were on them from each and every direction as they approached the castle but no one said anything or came over as despite Castiel’s small wound, the prince looked immaculate as ever.
His breaths are coming heavy now and he has to take a few moments before responding as calm as ever, “Tell me it’s not just me.” He punctuates his words slowly, observing the way Dean flinches back as if stung. “That’s what you said to me. Don’t you remember?” Dean’s grip on the knife tightens. “So, when you’re desperate enough, don’t forget that you came to me first.” They hold each other’s eyes for what feels like an eternity, Castiel watching closely for any sign that he might jump at him or lash out. But he only lets out a deep breath, eyes squeezing shut as he sits back down.
It’s a long day and an even longer night. Dean is able to make Castiel eat some but not much. He only moved from the bed when necessary and it was necessary rarely so. Sam stayed with him for some hours during the day, attempting to comfort him, although Dean didn’t let him in to see Castiel, not sure if he really wanted anyone else seeing him after this morning.
Dean smiles, a little smugly. “Well, there you have it, I suppose we are.”
Instead he takes Dean’s fingers from his wrist and tangles them with his own. Promises to Dean and himself he will be there for him.
But he can’t.
“No, I’m--” Castiel reaches for the side of the tub, attempting to pull himself up and Dean rushes over, hands out to help.
He feels the urge inside of him to reach for Castiel’s face again, to take him in his hand and instead of resisting like the past few days, he lets himself. He moves slowly, lifting his hand from the water to give Castiel a chance to recoil away if he wants but he doesn’t move an inch, allowing Dean’s hand to caress his cool skin – heating beneath his palm.
But then, Dean straightens in front of him. “And who are you to speak on such matters?” he spits and Castiel sags a little at having all eyes directed back towards Michael.
The king’s chambers are structured a little differently to Sam and his own. There is an entrance area with a chair in either corner and a large chandelier hanging down in the centre. There are no extra chambers branching off for his guards to sleep for no guard sleeps while serving the king. They rotate standing outside the large double doors throughout the night until the sun has risen and with it the king.
"What should we do, then?" Charlie says.
Anna promises to send everyone the details before they all saunter off.
The stare at one another for only a moment before Dean shifts, lying down flat on his back and Castiel closes the remaining space between them. He lays his head over Dean's chest, listening to the reassuring pound of his heart as he allows his eyes to slip shut. Dean's arm curls around his shoulders and the other intertwines with Castiel's own.
"I found my mother's journal." The breath leaves Castiel’s lungs. "And I found out the truth. About everything. The Three. Your wings. The demon." Castiel blinks a few times, mouth parting. Did he... Could he have... Dean hesitates, eyes flicking away once before meeting his own. "The prophecy," he says, and Castiel sees it in his eyes. He knows. "About you." Dean's thumb brushes over a stray tear that falls. "The only one who can save us. The Last Angel." Dean smiles, sad and beautiful and despite it all, Castiel's chest caves at the sight. "But right now, it's my turn to save you. Please, Cas."
He only deliberates for a moment before turning and following Dean back towards the middle of the room. A familiar face is waiting for him there, eyes trained solely on the prince who strides towards him.
He lets the dagger drop from Sam’s throat and Dean doesn’t allow his body to crumple in relief. Doesn’t allow him to step forward or cry or scream.
And it’s better than he ever imagined it would be. Because it’s real. Because it’s true. Because--
“This is the end,” Castiel says.
Another ball comes upon them only a quarter of a moon after the last one. It’s a much smaller ball, however, only involving the generals and nobles – and their respective families – that hold land under the king.
Dean smiles softly, hand reaching out to grasp one of Castiel’s in his own. “You think I’d come all this way, break my back over that goddamn mixtape, if I didn’t?”
“Because he asked to,” his father says nonchalantly.
Seb takes a step back. “Okay, Jesus, just calm down, alright. Look I’m sorry, I really need to get to class, but the three of us didn’t fucking say anything to anybody, alright?”
Tears splatter onto it’s skin as more blood spills out and Castiel has to drag himself away. Now, it’s everywhere. All over his hands and face and neck.
“Cas, what’s happening?” Dean says, terror in his voice. “Your wings.”
“We set an example for anyone else who threatens our power. Who threatens our people. Throughout all of the lands it will be known that we cannot be defeated.”
Castiel closes his eyes to calm the erratic beating of his heart. He moves half a yard to the side and slides back down the wall to the floor, crossing his legs underneath him.
If it keeps up, it won’t be pleasant for their battle.
“Fuck, Castiel, just let me help you,” Dean says, his boots loud on the floor behind him. He grabs for Castiel’s bicep but Castiel pulls away once more.
When they come across a few humans that have seemingly been here too long – eyes wild, some screaming, others rocking, some drooling over the floor – Dean looks away.
Castiel listens to his heartbeat all night. Dean can’t help but wonder if he is trying to reassure himself Dean will not rise and vanish before him too.
"Dean?"
"If we’re to comfortably make it to the north east sentry point by the time they appointed, we’ll have to leave tonight," Castiel says.
The arrow hits the bullseye painted in the middle of the target. Dean turns, a grin on his face.
He jerks up, elbows stained with the grass he sits on. He’s still half-naked, only in his light night wear that stretch from his waist to his ankles. He looks around to find himself alone, no Dean beside him, no angels around him.
Castiel grinds his teeth. “One of the best. A true natural,” he responds, trying to keep the bitterness out of his voice.
And before it, stands a man, their back to him. But Castiel doesn’t appear just yet, wanting to know if there’s a way he can--
Dean doesn’t speak.
Castiel swallows.
Dimarus narrows his eyes. "No, he's not." Dean winces. "I saw him. Being dragged towards the dungeons the other morning. I'd assumed he'd be out by now. As per usual. What did he do this time?"
Dean looks out at those beside him. Michael, Reyne, Nyree, Emery, Catharlo. A hundred others that he does not even know. Wings fanning out behind their backs, all different shades.
A dead end. A big, stone slab right at the end, blocking their way further.
“Shut up,” he responds, although he’s smiling as he looks back up to catch Dean’s eyes. And Dean can’t help the smile that lights up his own face, chest expanding. “They’re doing a showing of the Princess Bride, anyway, so that’s what we’re seeing.”
He squeezes his eyes shut, turning his focus back to the throbbing and the ache of his body as he lies on the cold, stone floor, two separate manacles encasing both his wrists and his ankles. He’s in the same cell Castiel was strung up in, although he hasn’t been. He supposes they don’t deem him as much of a threat.
The silence between them for the first time this trip is not awkward and Dean doesn’t feel the need to find anything to say. He’s comfortable with how it is.
Dean wipes his sweaty palms on his shorts again - shit, why are they so sweaty? "Yeah, loud and proud."
He won’t give in. Dean’s knees are shaking so hard that he almost buckles in relief.
Dean had been heartbroken. Castiel, however, hadn’t even apologised nor given him much of a reason for the sudden change. And it only broke him more when once Castiel left, they barely spoke. Until they didn’t speak at all.
afraid of what might have happened if he wasn’t protected by bars and his own abilities.
“Yes.”
"Perhaps. But there are more important things at hand. And you can't blame yourself for something that you didn't know."
“Charlie and I met when we were young. Her parents were good friends of my mother.  They passed a little while ago but she’s continued to run her father’s pub in the outer skirts of the city. It’s one of the best.”
“Oh sure, because that wouldn’t be suspicious.” Castiel retorts, rolling his eyes.
Castiel narrows his eyes. “Of what?”
call me like this again.” He hangs up before rubbing a hand over his face. “Shit, sorry, you ready to go in?” And his eyes keep flicking away from Dean’s, almost as if he’s embarrassed by what Dean might’ve just heard.
Michael is beside him in an instant, part of his sleeve ripped off. He ties it tightly around Dean’s leg, watching as the soldier’s approach down the corridor, running for them now. “We need to keep moving. Dean, now!”
Castiel never had a moment in his life where he felt disgust at himself for falling for a man. Did he ever fall for a man before Dean? Does he like women too? Like Dean? Everything says otherwise but he’s too shy to ask.
And when his lips finally quirk up into the smallest of smiles, he notices they’re trembling too.
"But the angels... they killed her." Dean purses his lips, keeping the emotions from spilling out and now it's his turn to shake his head.
Finally, after a long time, she speaks. “I wish you were not here, I wish it more than anything but is it selfish of me to say how much it means to see my eldest son again?”
Disappeared.
Castiel nods. “Right.” He swallows, shuffling awkwardly in the grass to cross his legs underneath him. Dean’s staring out towards the outer wall, pointedly away from Castiel and he takes the chance to peer at him, memorising the shape of his lips and his nose – the freckles that speck his tan skin.
They both exit the room, Dean closing his door behind him with a click.
He flinches away in panic, attempting to pull his arm away from where it rests on the prince’s shoulder but Dean quickly secures it there with a hand on his wrist. The hand burns his skin and Castiel swallows, closing his eyes to focus on his breath that is rapidly increasing.
Castiel’s throat is tight, his eyes closed. His skin tingles where Dean’s fingers graze it. He can feel the way Dean’s eyes are noting every scar – feel the way the soap trails over each and every one of them with more and more care. Dean’s free hand, still pressed lightly to his upper back doesn’t move, although Castiel can tell it’s itching to – Dean’s itching to.
Dimarus looks weary and it’s only then that Dean realises everything in the office is being packed up.
And perhaps, Dean needs Sam. If anyone told his little brother that, he’d pretend he’d never said it at all.
“I haven’t been in it quite yet but I caught a glimpse inside as we passed.”
"The place has been wiped clean of any evidence that you've been here," William says as if reading his mind and Dean itches to go check for himself but nods instead, forcing himself to sit beside Castiel on the bed. Sam sits beside him, close enough for their shoulders to brush and Dean spares him a concerned look but only receives a brave nod in return.
“I barely touched you.”
“Mmm I ask myself that question all the time.” Cas says, with a cheeky smile on his face. Dean chuckles before planting another kiss on Cas’ lips.
______________________________________
“I will never forget that moment. He was the same. Nothing about him had changed. But the look in his eyes – in its eyes… It knew. It knew everything. And I knew too. I knew that I wouldn’t see the light of dawn again. And when it finally opened its mouth, it was calm as it said it knew that I knew. How much it wasn’t sure but that I knew enough. And then it began to walk towards me and I knew then it would kill me. And I thought I would let it. But only a few steps away I spoke. I don’t know where I found the courage. But I said it was going to lose.”
Castiel shrugs, tentatively reaching for some fresh fruit. “After my brother died, I didn’t have any money. So, I packed the few things I had and left. Stole a few things along the way. Enough to help me get by. And then I went to Kalapell and here I am.”
Dean’s mind starts to race and his eyes start to blur. This isn’t happening. This isn’t happening. Cas is going to walk in through their door and kiss him on the cheek and tell him that Gabriel is just playing a big prank on him. Dean wipes at his eyes and continues to read, a mantra of ‘no, no, no’ playing over and over in his head.
He goes a bit soft on them for the first training back. He's not that cruel. He also takes the time to catch up with what everyone's been up to and asks how Adam and Hael went in that fun run they participated in on the holidays. It's nice to get back into the routine and it seems that by the end, the students, while sweaty and tired, all appear to feel the same.
It only makes Castiel frown even more. “What is happening?”
"Yeah. Um, do you have any LGBT coming of age books or something like that?" Castiel lights up, his eyes flicking towards Dean.
Sam says goodbye to Baudet's niece and Orella's nephews, his new carved horse tucked away in his bag. Dean and himself carry most of their supplies, waterskins tied to either of their belts. It's going to be a long few days.
Dean sighs. “I’m sorry about before. I shouldn’t have assumed--”
Castiel doesn’t take his eyes away from Dean’s and he can feel the clench of the man’s jaw, the tenseness of his face. He finally moves the cloth forward and starts to dab at the cut on his cheek.
There’s a spike of panic in his chest at the thought before Charlie’s expression changes “Oh Dean, trust me when I say it’s possible.”
“No, you can.” Dean hesitates for a few seconds before slowly starting at the top, slipping his buttons out of their holes one by one before sliding it off Castiel’s shoulders. The doublet goes next and then with a few moments of pause, Dean’s fingers grasp at the hem of his undershirt and pulls it over his head.
“So, the big two five, huh?” Dean says, slapping Castiel on the shoulder. “Getting old, man.”
Sam’s small face crumples then and his head falls into his hands.
“Dean, I…I just wanted to say…”
Castiel’s focuses hard on his breathing as he watches Dean’s eyes narrow in concentration, his face edging closer to him until he can see the all of the different flecks of green in his eyes.
The waiter interrupts them thankfully to take their order, allowing the annoying flips in Dean’s chest to calm down so he can regain his charming and most certainly unfazed demeanour.
At least not yet. He said it took years to master hiding his wings. And while he’s older now and might be able to learn it faster, there is something faster than that. Something with the same amount of risk, perhaps more, but a risk Dean thinks he’ll have to take. That they’ll have to take, he thinks as his gaze lands on his brother’s still form beside him.
Reyne strides through the temporary camp they have constructed, checking that everyone is okay – or at least as okay as they can be – when he comes across a face he does not recognise.
in the rest. Not that you would understand,” he adds as an afterthought.
, he thinks, remembering those miserable nights after the invasion.
we question the prisoner? If it’s true, perhaps he will let something slip.”
Castiel smiles, small and mischievous. “You will train with your left.”
“Do you think we’ll be a story one day? Do you think we’ll have our own stars?” he asks and his voice is reverent.
But anxiety still lingers as he waits for Charlie’s response. “Dean,” she says, voice softer than he’s ever heard it and all anxiety drifts away. “Look at me. It’s okay. You were afraid.”
Dean finally meets his gaze, then, his eyes clear, holding steady. “Yes,” he says softly. “I told you, didn’t I? That I wouldn’t allow you to carry this burden alone.”
“It’s fine, Dean.”
For that’s what he did. Though he spared Sam, the young prince having done nothing personally to hurt him, he himself was not so lucky. Castiel beat him for many days and nights. Sporadically with never any warning, along with words spat at him in hatred.
“Well, this isn’t really dancing. We’re just supposed to sway. Like this.” Dean says, as he begins to sway from side to side.
“You can’t be a good fighter without being observant,” Castiel responds. Dean eyes appear to twinkle in the sunlight.
And to know now that it was all a lie… He banishes his thoughts. He doesn’t need to linger on those right now. Not with her alive and well in front of him. Not when he knows she had no choice but to leave and that none of this was his fault. The demon would have confronted her eventually anyway. It didn’t matter that Dean sent her away to fetch that book of poems, all those years ago.
Now they are heading together to speak to the Captain of the Guard. He’s still trying to get some more answers on what happened to the men that vanished from the castle. Luckily, he was able to find that their Captain was still here, although he hasn’t been able to speak to him since the healers have been tending to him. Reyne wonders about that too for no fighting took place between them and the angels that stormed the castle.
He wonders what it would be like to live an entire life in awe of this boy, chosen to save the world and then watch as he crumples down in front of everyone, completely broken.
Dean swallows. “Nothing. I just – your laugh… It’s beautiful.” Castiel’s heart tugs inside of him, a blush rising up his cheeks.
“Let’s get you cleaned up.” Castiel takes a moment before nodding, standing silently with the help of Dean as the man – who he never caught the name of – begins to clear the table.
“Please,” he whispers. “Please don’t hurt me.” Castiel feels sorry for him. Even if he doesn’t know why they’re doing this, he knows it’s all about the Winchesters. All about the king.
Castiel turns to look at Dean in the dark, throat closed up, when suddenly there's a click and the door is being opened. Light floods in and Castiel sees Dean's face then. His eyes are sincere, wandering the planes of Castiel’s face as though it will give him an answer.
"Is everything alright?" Castiel asks, and Dean looks at him then, eyes hesitant. "What is it?"
Alissande was called upon to help bandage his chest, not asking any questions but eyes sympathetic as she went about it. Dinner passed quickly with Sam chatting away, a nice distraction that Castiel himself asked for.
And it’s certainly a strange feeling. He never really thought he’d find someone to love that loves him back in
Because she turns, slower than the sun falling from the sky, to face the white woman. Her eyes are narrowed, her lips pursed and she’s short and solid and her hair is braided and spilling down across her chest.
Panic seizes him but when he looks up they are there before him, looking down in concern and behind them, the castle rises, the gates encircling it as high as he remembered.
He gazes into the mirror once more.
There are boots stranded outside the bedroom door and Dean listens a moment before nudging the door open and stepping inside.
Castiel huffs. “Fine.”
"Sam. Sam, wake up." His brother stirs, eyes blinking open before he jumps back in fright. Thankfully, he only makes a small sound.
look up what’s on, huh?”
He travels with them for almost a mile, until they're safely out of the official borders of the town and close to the river that separates them from the beginnings of the Ellwood forest. Castiel's decided to cross and walk by the outside of the forest until they get closer to the sentry point before cutting through.
Castiel sighs. “I suppose so,” he says, earning himself another kick to the leg. Castiel restrains the urge to jump up and clock the guard in the face – taking a deep breath instead.
"Cas. We need to leave now. We don't have much time." Dean goes to grab him by his arm to help him up but Castiel yanks himself away, out of his grasp. Dean must see it then. The hope, the fear, the doubt. He reaches forward, slower this time as if he might lash out at any moment. He rests one hand on his jaw, thumb brushing over his cheek.
He hopes. It’s all he can do.
“I’m so sorry, Cas.”
"We still had trusted allies around, including in Lithos." Dean's eyes fill with guilt, surely remembering the blame he cast on Lithos. "Even now, they still help us. But back then, it was vital to our survival. We had all the wood we needed, that was for sure, but they helped give us supplies to get started. Seeds to grow, food to eat in the meantime, tools and weapons, materials and fabric. Everything. Our allies saved us. And with their help, over the long years, we were able to build a camp. A small village actually. And it's still being expanded and improved upon today."
The only thing he can do now is close his eyes and pray. To Leuric and Patrus – to whoever may be listening – but his lips can’t find words. He’s brought this on himself.
Castiel feigns nonchalance and after a little while, and about one hundred different insults and swears, the prisoners move to the other side of their own cell and leave Castiel alone. Castiel’s own hands tremor every once in a while, although he tries not to notice. But how could he not? Michael never prepared him for this. Castiel certainly never thought about it. An ignorance on both parts.
When Castiel smiles, his heart swells. It's beautiful.
Dean sprints faster, almost to him when Michael says something and he thinks it might have sounded something like ‘you’re immortal now, aren’t you?’ before his dagger releases from his hand, heading straight towards his heart and--
Before he can even begin to think to jump away, there’s strong hands behind him and he’s being shoved with great force out into the opening where he stumbles and rolls onto his hands and knees, careful of his swords as he begins to flicker into visibility.
Dean exhales roughly, standing from his seat, barely inches away from him. Castiel’s eyes widen slightly and that hope flashes through them. Dean can’t look at them. So, he takes a step forward, hands curling in the fabric of Castiel’s jerkin and lightly touches their foreheads together.
But now Castiel is angry, that impulsiveness, that urge to defend his people rising up in his chest.
“Oh, of course. What a coincidence, hey? So good to see you,” John says, before suddenly he’s being dragged into a greeting with Samuel.
Charlie offers Dean something for his nose but he refuses and when Castiel understands he's doing this on purpose - not accepting help because he believes he deserves it, he places a hand on Dean’s forehead and with the rest of his energy, heals it for him.
Castiel huffs. “Right. Is that why you took on the bet in the first place? Because you thought you’d actually like me?”
He flushes, eyes flicking away. “Gods, Dean, I’m so, so sorry. I shouldn’t have--” He’s cut off by Dean taking his hand.
“But what I did to you--”
“And to Castiel,” she says. All eyes turn to him, so familiar and yet always not so. He still does not raise his gaze. “He took upon the greatest challenge of all. He lived with the burden of his destiny upon his shoulders. And on the day of the battle, he took every life, past, present and future into his hands.”
Castiel is peeking up from over his knees now, watching him with teary eyes. Dean drags the half full bucket of water over and sits down beside him.
– but it does. “And you are nothing but a sad, rejected prince. I am more than you will
A young boy crashes into Elaria’s arms as soon as she enters through the doorway. He knows it immediately. Kyra’s child.
The king holds up a hand. “No. He has surprised me. I’ll give him that. I underestimated how easily he would give in. So, I will reward him. We will leave him be in his cell and bother him no longer.” Dean’s entire body untenses, sinking into the floor as his heart breaks free with relief for the first time in hours even though it all seems too good to be true.
Castiel lets out a small laugh, holding Dean’s eyes for a moment before leaning into his space and saying, “I wouldn’t dare.”
Time passes quickly and soon the first rays of light shine over the horizon.
“You alive in there, buddy?” Dean asks, pulling Castiel closer until they’re chest to chest. Castiel blushes furiously at their proximity.
But now, he can finally see that they’re a striking shade of green.
It crunches hard and blood spurts from his brother’s nose.
William comes in quietly, food and water in hand and Castiel drinks desperately, most of it spilling down his front. His eyes are hesitant and when Castiel finally pauses for a breath he says, "It's an honour to finally meet you. I only wish it was under different circumstances." Castiel feels shame creep up his neck as he nods back. It shouldn't be an honour. Especially after all he's done. After all he's failed. But he doesn't have the energy to say anything.
"Because of what Dean said, I believe the king figured out it was possible I could have the wings, whoever they are." He lets his last words sink in, understanding dawning over both of their faces. Whoever they are. King Winchester or the Last Demon. "They tried to break me to see if I would spill and tell them I was an angel--"
Castiel’s eyes finally lift to meet his own and they’re so very tired. “What truth?”
But he swallows down the urge and collects his meal when he steps up to be served before his feet carry him all the way to a long, empty table at the back of the hall.
He caught sight of Nicolaus and Salicar too before, milling around with another guard and sending glares in his direction. But they eventually wandered off into the crowds.
“We should probably go. We still need to look at the crime scene.”
don't believe that you're good looking?"
“Dean, I – it’s not just you.” A broken, strangled sound falls from Dean’s lips and a tear falls down his cheek. Only then does Castiel realise the emotion rising in his own throat, tears pricking behind his eyes. All this time…
Dean stands, eyes reflecting the light of souls as he watches transfixed the souls above him rising.
Michael has mostly left him alone, other than to check in on how his progress is going. He hasn’t trained with him since the other day, Reyne stepping in to keep him in his fighting form instead. Something he is of course much satisfied with.
Something tightens inside of him and he panics, not wanting to feel so much already. Isn’t that what lead these souls insane?
______________________________________
He trails behind Dean as they make their way back to their chambers and thankfully now, the two additional guards wait outside their rooms instead of following them into the dining hall. He follows the prince all the way into his chambers, moonlight spilling in through the balcony window. He closes the door behind them, sealing them in. They stand quietly for a few heartbeats, merely gazing at each other before Dean steps forward, a hand cradling his cheek, another resting on his waist.
It feels as though it’s been a thousand years not a mere few days. They didn’t want to rest too long after the battle and allow the defences at the castle too much time to prepare. Thankfully, there were enough of them mostly unharmed – although he heard Castiel healed many – to continue on to the castle.
He instantly steps away from Dean, taking his hand from his shoulder as Dean politely let’s go of him. “Thank you,” he says, clearing his throat awkwardly. “I’ll tie up the horse and you get into your stance with your left.” Dean nods, watching Castiel avert his eyes.
Dean’s waving at a few people while still talking into his own phone that is out in front of him. Suddenly Dean’s eyes are on him and he grins.
The room is silent as he pushes himself to his feet, not hesitating before he storms out of the cabin. But his relief doesn’t last, footsteps quickly trailing after him as he strides away.
Although, not quite the same here, there is a semblance of that old feeling, arising deep inside his chest.
And now Castiel definitely feels bad. “No.” But then Dean smiles, eyes crinkling at the sides and he huffs a breathy laugh.
They're here. At the sentry point. And someone is out there waiting for him. Castiel whistles once more, whoever it is sounding one high pitched whistle back and then Castiel is turning to face them.
It’s exciting to finally meet the man and put a face to the name. Joren Morley, greatest bowman in the country – in the continent.
He hears vague swearing behind him and he plasters on the biggest grin possible before turning on his heel and striding back towards his table.
He wakes to the sun almost completely faded, darkness washing overhead. Hairs tickle his nose but he doesn’t move from where it’s buried in the nape of Castiel’s neck. Not yet.
He hoped Dean hadn’t noticed the way he had not spoken of his grief. Of his raw, stripping pain. He just couldn’t bring himself to speak it. Even to Dean. As though there is something in his way but he’s unsure what it is.
Each school camp - spreading out over a full five days - requires two teachers to attend. Dean had put his name down for the start of the year. He enjoys them quite a bit, bonding with the girls whilst going out on a fun adventure but for the most part he put it down to get it out of the way before exams get crazy.
So quiet, Dean almost misses it, Castiel says, “I know.”
Dean lets out a deep breath. “Nothing more, today. Tomorrow, you will rise–-”
Catharlo shrugs again but doesn't say anything more, his hands clasped together behind his back. If anything, it infuriates Nicolaus more. But he doesn't want to cause an unnecessary fight. He needs to save his strength. Instead, he clasps his own hands behind his back, holds his head high and continues trudging through the snow.
Castiel can’t even take triumph in the mortified look on Lady Alia’s face as she stutters out far too many apologies before hurrying off into the crowd.
When he tries to imagine the grace waiting for him at the end of these tunnels, all he can see is Dean’s face, bright and smiling.
Dean swallows. “He wishes to lay with other men.”
“What are you talking about?” he asks, hesitance in his voice.
Dean flushes. “Dean Winchester,” he says. “I supposed I should ask your name as… What is it?”
“Yes, yes, okay, I got stabbed but it really isn’t as bad as you probably think.”
Castiel’s shirtless, arms pulled across each side of the room by chains. He’s slumped on his knees, breathing ragged and loud. But his body. There’s blood splattered everywhere. So much so, that at this distance he can’t identify where most of it is from.
Leda Arderne and her three younger siblings – two Sam’s age and one younger – are already waiting for them when they reach the manor.
Castiel's eyes widen in understanding. "Oh, you're bisexual."
He’s never really liked the festival. It celebrates a day that is far too close to the night that his mother was taken – the night everything was taken away from him – and it’s all he’s ever reminded of.
Since training was called off on Monday due to a storm – much worse than the little bit of rain they experienced the other week – Castiel has had to wait a few extra days than he planned to speak to Dean. He waits quite impatiently, checking his watch every five minutes until the end of the session when everyone is heading off towards the stands after the warm down.
“Am I still considered a danger to you?”
“It’s not working,” he says, and he’s shaking now, he can’t stop shaking, “It’s not working, Dean, why isn’t it working?”
It’s as if his thoughts have been spoken aloud for a moment later he hears the light sound of the front door opening. It’s followed soon after by soft footsteps and then the door to his room is being nudged open, none other than Dean, fully dressed, poking his head through.
Patrus’ voice is weak but guttural. The cuts on them can’t heal now and they’re losing blood. Castiel flicks his eyes towards the fallen god where their back is turned, kneeling over the portal.
So Castiel slowly leans over to place his hand on top of Dean’s. Dean’s head whips round to face him, his eyes wide and...strangely scared.
The castle walls are impenetrable. Even if any angels still existed, none could ever get inside. And with that, he pins on his fur coat and makes his way out into the hall to start the day.
Castiel takes another step back, mind whirling, hands shaking.
"I did not!"
Castiel’s smile only grows wider. “I guess we’ll just have to break up, then.”
Castiel's hand grips his arm as he lowers himself and finally rests back into the tub, eyes closing in exhaustion. Dean swiftly strips out of his jerkin and doublet, rolling the sleeves of his shirt up before reaching for a cloth.
Neither of them speak through the ads, Dean not knowing what to say – not knowing if Castiel wants him to say anything – before suddenly the movie is starting and they’re descended into the dark.
“Dean, I--”
Dean’s heart sits heavy in his chest at his words.
But Dean’s cheeks heat embarrassingly fast when Castiel merely pulls it closer around him, shuffling slightly across until his head is resting on the edge of Dean’s chest, and Dean’s entirely grateful that he’s lying on his left side so he won’t be able to hear the hammering of his heart because
"I'll see you soon, then?"
Castiel quirks his lips. “I did speak to him of the gods once and told him that they were great vessels of power not a simple man or woman. And since the revelations within himself, his heart has opened more to acceptance and understanding.”
She’ll be there. Waiting. Like Dean. Like his mother and father.
This is serious. There will be every precaution taken and he knew that. But to finally see it – it’s as if it’s only just hitting him now.
How does anyone do this? Be married off into another family, another kingdom, into a stranger’s arms? How does anyone deal with the fear and longing for home?
All he can do now is hold Dean as he tucks his face into Castiel's neck and lets himself break apart.
Once again, they find themselves winding on and on for an age before ahead it appears--
Somewhere along the way to the final tower, Nicolaus decides not to tell the captain and the birthday carnival – while unfortunately moved inside due to the rain – goes on. It goes on and on into the night, everyone, including the Crown Prince himself having a wonderful time despite the weather.
“I win this time,” Dean says with a grin.
The walls of the room are lined with wooden racks and hooks for the weapons, shields and armour. Wooden chests line the floors underneath those, most likely carrying more of the same.
And all of it is because of him.
Wings: heals physical wounds (not fatal ones) and power of disappearance
But he won’t let this moment be orchestrated by anyone but himself.
The end of the session comes around quick enough, which has Castiel’s nerves rekindling, as he dismisses everyone for the night and all but one venture toward the stands. Dean steps forward, hands deep in the pockets of his shorts.
“And what happened to the angel?”
And that’s when Dean rears back, that fury in his teary eyes once more and swings at him. Castiel ducks just in time for the blow but when he lifts his head back up, he finds that Dean’s fist rests in a hole in the wall beside where his head lay.
That night, Castiel heads to the top of the hill and lies down on his back where he lay near Michael’s body. Dean lies beside him and as he’s falling asleep, weariness dragging him under Castiel is staring, eyes wide, up towards the sky.
“How did it find him?” he asks, voice quiet.
“My lady, you’re still here,” Dean asks, eyebrows pinched.
Castiel’s heart rises in his throat, eyes stinging and his brother opens his mouth and – and he falters slightly. “They don’t need me,” he says, almost a whisper. “You of all people know it.”
He’s not sure what he hopes for but his heart sinks a little when he finds Castiel’s already seated inside – the professor already at the front of the class. Dean takes his seat at the back, eyes glancing over to where Castiel’s twirling a pen around his fingers.
Castiel hesitates, pondering if he should tell him something. He decides against it. Dean already has too much on his mind. He doesn’t need any more things to ponder. "I suppose it was a gamble. The only reason I decided to pursue this direction was because with every day that passes, it's another day that the demon is searching for the Three. I'd already wasted long enough training to be a competent fighter against humans let alone a demon."
The hesitation is there but finally he does, blue eyes meeting green. Dean’s chest tightens painfully. The anger is there, clear as day. But Dean can see everything else too. The utter grief. The hurt. The pain.
There is movement at the corner of his eye. He looks behind Castiel, past all the people sitting on the floor, embracing each other, to the door of the hall they reside in.
Castiel keeps him there, above him, wrapped around him.
All for some love. Some small, pathetic love.
“And what about you?”
“Okay,” he says. Castiel’s eyes fall to the floor. Dean huffs a small laugh but it’s strained. “Okay,” he whispers once more before taking a step forward.
“Fuck, your fast,” Dean says, hands on his head as Castiel stands over him.
Edit: I didn't really make this clear but I just wanted to say that I've already written and edited this entire fic, so there won't be any delays in posting :D
Dean nods, looking like he's contemplating something for a moment before he asks, "Which year is better so far? This year or last year?"
The halo. Dean squeezes his eyes shut. Where has he heard that before? Did Castiel ever say something about it? And what power?
Everything.
He doesn’t know where to look, from the torches to the water to the dark of the night shining down, stars appearing before them.
This would officially be the last time that he’s the new kid. So now he actually has to try and make friends. Sure, he’s always been popular and had a group to sit with at other schools but he’s never had a real friend. And that makes him nervous.
“So,” Brady says, drawing the word out. “How’s it going?”
He hesitates before grabbing Sam’s bare hand, holding it firm in his own. “Are you alright?” he asks gently.
A hand brushes his own before entangling his fingers. Castiel’s gaze snaps beside him to find Dean. Standing.
He slumps in his chains, head down to try and breathe normally again. Dean sits back down on his chair, waiting until Castiel looks back up before speaking as though there was no pause in conversation. “And what of your brother?”
Castiel’s heart lurches. “And what? You want to see every soul guided to the underworld? Is that it?” he sputters, trying to buy more time.
Michael holds his gaze, almost searching. Something flashes though his eyes but it’s consumed quickly before he speaks. “A naïve fool.”
So, when he pulls Dean inside and slams the door closed behind them he’s ready for it to be quick and easy. But Dean’s eyes are filled with more rage than he’s seen in a long time.
Castiel riffles through the next few pages and still no mention of Mary and for another matter, of Dean. Sam is mentioned here and there but it is mostly talking about the aftermath of the war and how their trade will be different. The writing is mostly the same but his words sound colder now, more--
Dean nods and Castiel grabs his arm to wrap over his own shoulder. Dean clutches tight at him and Castiel hooks an arm around his waist and secures his wrist before attempting to pull him up. Dean staggers at first, grimacing until he finally finds his feet.
And the words spoken between them,
“How about you start running before I give you some extra laps.”
So, after a suitable enough time, he pulls away. He keeps his hands on Castiel’s face for a moment longer, indulging himself before he slowly lets them drop and when his eyes flutter open, Castiel’s still got that same soft amusement in his eyes and small smile on his lips.
He turns away, a finality in his tone even though his voice is weak from crying, and gets out of the car, the door closing with a slam behind him. Dean only sits there for a moment before he follows him out.
. And look what happened. The kingdom has been brought to its knees. Those filthy animals have risen to take our land!”
touch me,” he says, eyes burning with rage.
“Do you accept this punishment?” Dimarus continues and Castiel mutters something in response which can only be interpreted as a yes for Dimarus nods. “Then let it be.” He steps down off the platform and signals for another guard to begin.
“Tell your friends you reckon you can get a kiss for more,” Castiel says, blue eyes back to piercing through him again.
Castiel, though is still standing on the shore, toes in the sand.
He knows it’s at this point that everything important to him is supposed to flash before his eyes. His parents. Kyra and Elaria. The purple sunset of his home. The mission. Even his brother, Michael, before the invasion took him away.
"Yeah?" he says again, because it's all he can think to say. Castiel's still biting his lip as he nods and if Dean's not already hard, the sight alone has him now.
“No, you idiot,” Dean almost screams, “I didn’t like someone else, I liked you!”
“Dean, stop,” he says, forcefully shoving Dean away until he stumbles backwards.
Castiel straightens himself from where he’s curved into Dean, a beautiful blush spreading up his chest, lifts his hands to grip on top of Dean’s shoulders and without tearing his eyes away begins to move.
“Chatter?” Castiel asks, and a glance over to Dean shows that the prince knows nothing of this ‘chatter’ either.
“I’m scared,” he confesses, gripping Castiel’s hand tighter, twining their finger together.
But it doesn’t matter as he faces the light at the end of the tunnel. As that light lifts from it’s waiting place, where it has waited for thousands of years, for him to find it, and moves slowly but surely toward him.
Jody calls them over for a quick photo before they head back out into the water, the girls huddling together as Dean and Castiel stand at the back.
Castiel drops like a stone to the cement.
She slumps back in her seat. "I'm a spy for the angels."
He can feel the emotion building in his chest but shoves it away. The mission comes
“And I don’t want you to go. If you leave with the army tonight, everything will be different. You might not make it back. You might not get to live the rest of your life.” Emery squeezes his wrist, taking a step closer. “Don’t you want to see what might happen?”
.” Dean’s blood runs cold, his head pounding. He wouldn’t. He wouldn’t hurt Sam. But his eyes are so incredibly dark, unwavering as he stares him down, dagger to his throat. “You’re not going to get Sam killed too, are you?”
That’s when Castiel speaks again. Says it wouldn’t have mattered because they still don’t know how he is to kill the demon. He looks at Michael when he says it and Michael finally looks back, something unspoken in their gaze but not violent.
“Christ, just get on with it, won’t you?”
It's early Monday morning. Only a few students have arrived at school with the exception of the twenty seventeen-year-old girls standing around in casual clothes by the bus. Oh, and Castiel, the eleventh and twelfth grade English teacher that Dean has had a raging crush on ever since he moved here last year. They don't see much of each other - the Maths and English teachers having separate staff rooms - but enough that Dean has never been more excited or nervous for a school camp.
He excuses himself and heads to retire early – something that is not questioned considering he’s still recovering – only to find Dean hunched over his desk, head in his hands in the study across from their bedroom.
Mary nods. “The demon possessing Ferrant convinced John of everything. To him it wasn’t an invasion. He was sending his men to war. To defend their kingdom. And if they won, to retrieve the holy powers that they were going to use against us.” She shakes her head, lips pursed. “John always hated the angels. For the demon it was easy. And for me, well. I’m ashamed to say I was conflicted as to what was the truth. I didn’t know if this was all some ridiculous lie because John was jealous of my friendship with the angels or if it was true. And the angels were going to invade us.”
– that he took it upon himself to--”
✧ ✧ ✧
say yes to going on a date with you.”
✧ ✧ ✧
“That day you died on the battlefield you called me the fallen angel. Turns out that was close enough to it. I was Leuric’s descendant and replacement after all. It only seemed fitting.”
Dean huffs, rubbing a hand up and down the back of his sweaty neck. “Oh yeah, not really. Kinda have to.” Castiel narrows his eyes. From what he overheard Dean
He only sleeps because he’s too exhausted to stay conscious for any longer. And when he does wake, it’s well after dawn, and Castiel still hasn’t come for him.
Dean lets out a breathy laugh before shrugging. “I don’t know, man. I mean, to be honest, you kind of freak me out.”
Castiel doesn’t waste another second, jumping forward, and Patrus’ meets his swords with a hard clash.
Castiel flinches and weakly pushes Dean away as he falls heavily to his knees on the wooden floor before the bile rises abruptly in his throat and finally spills out across it.
It’s for the best, he thinks. It’s for the world.
“Get him to stop! Hold him still!” Val yells, and Castiel’s whole body trembles in fear as he grits his teeth so hard that they grind together painfully.
And below, Castiel hands out, straining. The demon standing before him, unmoving.
When he finally drags his eyes up to meet her own they’re still frightened but there’s a softness to them now that she’s seen him up close.
“What are you three doing?” he says, voice raised. He’s not good at this. At commanding. But he has to try. Nicolaus and the other two guards – now recognisable as Quintin and Pierre – turn suddenly at his voice.
Michael stops in his tracks, lips pursed, eyes narrowed. “Yes, you’re right. I don’t know who he is. But it doesn’t take much to see what he is.”
Nyree’s smile falters. “He’s busy. But he’ll be there later. Don’t worry.” Castiel nods, not knowing why he expected different.
Alissande is waiting at the table out in the hall. Breakfast hasn’t arrived yet but it’s nice to walk into his own hall without having his four guards standing there. The guards were finally able to stand outside now that Castiel isn’t here.
It dawns on Dean, then, on all of them, the shock of these events slipping away to allow them to all grasp what is happening. What this means.
Castiel is down in an instant, sweeping Michael’s left leg out from under him causing him to stumble and before he can right himself, he delivers a blow to his chest, sending him crashing onto his back to the ground.
His father embraces him firmly but not harshly, Dean’s chin sitting atop his shoulder, his own arms raising to reciprocate as those around them erupt into cheers and cries that the princes have returned.
“Yes, Dean.”
Castiel does the same for Dean, focusing on the knots instead of the pounding of his heart. He ties it off, tight as he can before meeting that green-eyed gaze.
"Look. I'm sorry, alright. I just…" There it is again. That word.
Castiel smiles. “Okay. To you,” he says but Dean laughs, shaking his head.
The boy smiles. "Uh, yeah. It was really good. You're Cas, right? The one who recommended it?" Castiel feels the tips of his ears go red.
His chest heaves, hands still trembling and no matter how hard he clenches them tight they won’t stop.
Dean’s chest tightens, knowing it could mean nothing good. They settle inside the room, each taking their seats and it isn’t long before Michael enters, looking slightly rugged. He takes his own seat and as Nyree begins Dean knows for sure something is different about him too. His gaze keeps sweeping past Castiel, never making eye contact with him. Beside him Castiel keeps his eyes away from his brother too.
“The dark god sent demons to touch the souls of humans.” Castiel nods.
“Dean, I…” But that’s as far as he gets before he’s blinking back the tears, shutting his mouth before a sob or anything else mortifying can escape him.
“Don’t let anyone see you,” the king says, his voice seeping into Dean’s ears. “When he is secure search him and then his chambers. Find his guard and have him stationed outside but tell him not to enter. The crown prince is terribly ill and will remain in his own chambers until further notice. I will deal with this mess.”
The demon is Elo de Oresa. He himself is the descendant of Elo de Olapireta. And Michael has been poisoned all along. Ever since Patrus saved him at the invasion.
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Yes, I got that, Dean, but why are you asking me this?"
None of this went the way he expected – even from the beginning. Why did Dean have to choose him as his guard? Why did Castiel have to feel things he shouldn’t feel? Why did he have to kiss him back? But most of all, why did he have to tell him?
He struggles to sit still, to not run to Castiel and – and…and what?
It truly does seem another lifetime.
______________________________________
Castiel’s heart spikes and before he realises he’s done it, he’s ten yards away. Michael eyes him hard and Castiel feels himself flinch, feels that age-old fear rise within him.
Castiel hesitates for a moment but he can’t resist the twinkle in Dean’s beautiful, green eyes. “Okay.” he responds quietly, taking Dean’s hand.
The full experience. Of course. Why would he possibly think that Dean actually liked him? That Dean would take his hand, call him handsome or dance with him? Everything was obviously just because Sam told him to.
Dean catches Castiel’s eye at a stop light, his jaw touched by a hint of stubble, lips curved into his own trademark smile, tan skin peeking out from under his jacket, as handsome as always. And for some strange reason, he looks like he belongs there, at his side, in the front seat of the impala.
Dean blinks and within a second, he understands what’s about to happen. Dean’s feet finally move out from under him and he almost can’t believe that this is happening, right in front of all of them, of him and how Castiel hasn’t done anything to stop it as Michael removes a small dagger from his belt.
Reyne and Nyree both look to him and soon Dean’s eyes follow. Castiel swallows.
Castiel skims page after page, searching for any words that are important, halo, grace, wings – anything until he finds that date atop another page. February 9th, ten years ago. The night before the invasion started.
Castiel’s chest tightens. Is it so obvious how little light he had in him to begin with?
Castiel stares up at him, still not moving from where he’s slumped over the desk, and honestly? It’s pretty fucking cute.
Castiel’s entire body flushes and his eyes dart to the side before finding their way back to Dean’s. “I want you,” he says, but the words mean something different now. And Dean’s eyes widen ever so slightly before he nods, understanding.
It takes everything in him to raise his sword to the next man. He parries each blow before he finds a gap and buries his sword in the man’s side as blood drips down his cheek and onto his lips--
Castiel swallows around the lump in his throat and slightly adjusts his left leg.
him – as he exits into the street, the sun sinking now, darkness beginning to creep its way into the sky. But all he can hear right now is the rushing in his ears and the doubt in his heart.
However, even when they make it to the Ellwood forest, there are still things he won’t be able to speak of. Some things are safer known to few.
“Why are you doing this?” he finally asks, because he can’t start where he wants to, his throat tight. “I understand why you allowed me to drag you from the castle but these are your brothers you will face out there today. Why would you sacrifice yourself so easily for those you have never met?”
hear that phrase again, it'll be too soon. And it's so hypocritical! Do you know how many times he's demanded that
Cas looked back at the mug, grumbling. Sam, reassessing everything he had assumed, let the analytical side of his brain take over.
The girl, clearly nervous, but
truth.
"Huh?" Dean had the gall to look confused.
Dean's face softened for a moment, a smile flitting over his face, before he steeled himself again. "I know Sam thinks I'm crazy, but… He's
Cas, sitting on the end of his bed, started blankly at Sam.
Cas squinted in the dark, vaguely recollecting a report overheard in Heaven of a girl that Lucifer's vessel had taken up with. She'd been watched, but not by Castiel. He knew, of course, that she hadn't been saved.
upset if he didn't manage to get it up at all. Girls took it personal, and he wanted her to stay long enough to hold him.
because
that they're-"
Memory flickered in Cas' mind's eye. His time in the ward in the immediate aftermath of taking Sam's trauma from the cage; being held, having sweet-nothings and terrible secrets whispered into his hair, clinging to the one lifeline that he'd had.
He got up and made the bed, making sure to smooth out the sheets and fold in the creases at the edges, carefully and swiftly tucking in the overhanging sheet underneath the mattress. John might've given him shit for the sloppy job he did, but he didn't give himself time to dwell on it. He washed his face, got dressed, put on his boots and tied up his laces.
he'd go filling your head with crap..."
,” Dean snapped back.
"Hey, it's cool," The girl said, eyeing him over.
be heard by them," He said, opting not to explain that it was his
But how hard could it be? He was becoming more adept at the laptop. There were a lot of other buttons on the remote, but most of them were labelled clearly.
Cas' mind was still struggling over the concept of "couple's nights".
, he chastised himself, despite having long since lost his faith in God.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Duckie02478974/status/1409352284354473986
want to go on a date with me," Cas said sourly. "And that all this was for naught."
very nice to look at,” He conceded.
He downed the second shot. He felt the heat of it settle in his belly, his face starting to feel the flush of alcohol.
Dean ran at them.
hold you," Dean said, somewhat petulantly. Then his eyes widened, and he backtracked, "I mean, don't our movie nights count?"
... And
Sam watched the space where Dean had disappeared, mind racing. He inspected a few of the titles of the books Dean left behind;
, because... What could I say?
When Dean tells Cas about the veggie garden, Cas can't help but
Cas quickly sat down at the kitchenette table, so his state wouldn't be detectable. "Yes?" He answered.
He regarded Dean with as much composure as he was capable of. "Did you need-?"
Dean's hand on him, whispering in his ear - Sam, hips smacking against him from behind, roughness belied by the gentle way he held his hands-
want you around," Dean said, finally coming over to sit beside Castiel on the bed... Though notably several feet away, just outside arm's reach. "So I don't know what you're talking about-"
He bit his lip to suppress another groan; it wouldn't do to have Sam hear him...
Sam tilted his head. "Huh? What do you- He cares about you more than-"
Sam, he had just never
This had to have something to do with Cas, Sam was
"I can
"Last night went
goes to the farm he's been messaging, and picks up his
Dean flinched.
As it turns out, "a little pushing in the right direction" entailed continuing their charade of a relationship.
," Cas said hotly, hurt fuelling the anger that he couldn't seem to control.
Dean's anger was palpable. "You know he came to
"Embarrassed," He said, opening his eyes. "I didn't- uh, mean to do that."
Cas sat beside Dean. Now that he was here, he wasn't sure where to start. He let his hands rest on his knees, and looked at his shoes.
nights. "Sam hasn't pulled away or expressed discomfort," He said, a little more pointedly than he'd intended to.
Sam started driving up the ramp as Dean hastily righted himself, scrambling to close the car door behind him. "Yep!" He panted, finally collapsing against the backrest, wiping sweat from his forehead with his sleeve.
The thought immediately lit a fire in his gut, heat and a strong
Cas allowed himself to imagine that were true.
ready to hear another goddamn thing about how Sam’s sudden and inexplicable attraction to Cas wasn’t supernatural.
"The- What?" Dean sat back, frowning.
“So, when are you two going to make it official?” Sam asked Cas one morning, Sam freshly returned from his run, and Cas fresh from his bed, sipping coffee at the table.
sorry, Sam," Cas said, noting how his throat still constricted, but not so much that he couldn't speak. "When I- that is, I did
” He paused, feeling his cheeks warm up. “I'd like to experience love.”
"There!" Sam said proudly, moving to pull down the blinds as well, so Dean wouldn't be able to see them.
No, he couldn’t think about
He looked up when he realised Sam wasn't going to reply; Sam looked nervous, worrying at his bottom lip and rubbing a hand at his temple.
, right? 'Cause he's freaking out about-" Dean faltered a moment, but to Sam's glee, he steeled himself and pressed on. "'Cause he's freaking out about sleeping with
," Sam hissed, the calculating gleam in his eye turning mischievous. "Maybe we should
"Listen, we've been about  five feet away from each other for our whole lives," Sam said, clearly on the cusp of advising something questionable; Cas recognised the signs of a Sam who had put together a
what the word meant, but he knew it wasn't literal.
. With his
Sam was silent for such a long moment that Cas began to suspect he wouldn't answer. Dean did that sometimes... Just fell silent until conversation lapsed, or a less fraught subject came up.
-" Dean cut himself off, visibly struggling to speak.
Condoms?
, Sam..."
being together," Cas reasoned aloud, letting his scepticism colour his tone, "Than it's simply his sexual preference."
, it's
what's going on," Dean said, approaching slowly, hands raised as though Sam and Cas might attack.
deeply; he certainly didn’t need to know what
Dean copes, in his own way.
"I thought you'd be home later!" Sam said, scooping up the remote and hitting- well, presumably he'd meant to turn it off, but he instead hit play.
Cas steeled himself, caught somewhere between feeling foolish and... Something
"Yeah, well... That's
It’s another four shots in – which he has to sneak from the second bartender under the guise of buying for a table of friends, before being promptly cut-off by the first one – when the room is actually spinning a little, that he dares to think about how he’d walked in on Cas.
you came back - it's just been..."
mode. "Do you miss being an angel?" He asked tentatively. "You don't have to answer that if you don't want to!" He added quickly.
, which generally included all things LGBT. Sam felt a pang of guilt at all of the 'gay' and 'girl' jokes he’d thrown Dean’s way over the years, but in his defence, he’d
He tried the "menu", which created a dark overlay on the screen covered in options; he could see the channels listed on the screen now, including what they were currently showing, and what they would be showing in the next half-hour block. He found that the channel up and down buttons scrolled through the menu, and was relieved to discover that this was a much faster way of browsing. He scrolled down, keeping an eye out for
Cas nodded stiffly, hurriedly wiping his nose with his sleeve as fluid attempted to drip out of it. It seemed unfair that his emotions manifested so physically as a human. Once again, he wondered how Dean buried them so deeply.
for it at all. Forcing them to drink can result in drowning."
something, but Cas couldn't begin to imagine
“What the hell is his problem…?” Sam wondered aloud, mentally re-contextualising all of the sweet, intimate moments he’d witnessed between them. “It’s so
implied to Dean that we were going to... Sleep together.
Sam went
He opted not to think about the part of him that
, which had Cas' head spinning. "Of course
. We were both just... Fitting our broken pieces together, and it
to be quiet."
"We made it!" Sam declared cheerfully, pulling into the parking lot of a dingy looking motel.
Sam stopped bouncing.
Both brothers looked at Cas, who nodded vigorously.
Cas watched Sam head into the bathroom, before his eyes drifted back to the television, hoping to be able to return to the show he’d been watching before dinner. In the wake of his breakdown, his entire body felt... jittery. His limbs felt an once heavy, slow to move as though his muscles had been weakened; yet also light, as though the slightest twitch of a limb might send it flying. Energy seemed to have built under his skin, making it hard to sit still. His eyes itched where his tears had dried.
Dean looked at him like he'd grown another head. "They've
the intoxicating mixture of shame and excitement as he obeyed, managing a throaty, "
Sam could
━━✶━━
Cas seemed unimpressed. "I don't know if he believed you."
he'd been so distant. And so eager to leave.
They were going to just- Now? With him
from Dean – and he
level - reciprocates Cas' desires is a comfort. He clings to that lifeline as Sam explains his plan, both of them sitting on the bed, legs crossed and facing each other.
Cas hated that the second he pointed anything out about their developing relationship, Dean ran for the hills.
"This is all a little much, don't you think?" Cas said miserably, shoulders slumped, arms hugging himself. He hasn't put his coat on before they left, and without it, he looked somehow small.
"He'll come around," Sam said, putting two of the boxes of food in the fridge. "When he gets hungry," He added with a chuckle, coming back to sit at the table, snapping his own set of chopsticks apart.
______________________________________
“I don’t exactly like that tone your using.” Castiel grits his teeth before walking towards the curtains and pulling them wide open. Dean blinks at the light, growing brighter and brighter as the sun moves up on the horizon.
“Of course.” He pauses. “Dean.” There’s the tiniest hint of a smile at the corner of Dean’s lips.
“Cas,” he says, voice cracking and his own eyes are blurring with tears of his own.
After all, when he left Dean didn’t feel the need to tell him. Not knowing Castiel was the reason he even figured it out in the first place.
Dean falters in his step, heart seizing in his chest.
Castiel lifts his chin. No matter. He will continue on, as always.
“My father is still dealing with the king over some affairs. We will be leaving tomorrow,” she says, stepping into his personal space and resting a hand on his arm.
Dean’s chest tightens a little, lips turning down. “You know you’re not doing a very good job.”
He gazes down at his stomach to find his clothing is ripped. He presses his hand against the rip and suddenly--
--last.
Dean had laughed and cried too and that night they had curled around each other in bed, speaking in whispers, spilling all their truths until dawn broke. And yet, sleep deprived and empty of tears left to shed, he had never felt a happiness like it. Never felt so whole.
“I don’t?” Castiel swallows down the rising emotions in his chest as he faces Dean’s challenging stare. “I know someone hurt you when you were younger. That they left scars all over you and hurt you so bad that you can barely let anyone touch you without you recoiling away.” Castiel almost flinches at the words themselves. He doesn’t want to hear this. He doesn’t need to hear this. Not from him. “And I know that you didn’t when I touched you. You said it yourself. You let me in.” Castiel shakes his head, chest tightening. “So, don’t act like this is nothing.”
He’s dozing when a light hand on his arm jolts him.
“Adri! Are you alright?” Elaria speaks, concern in her voice.
Castiel glares holes into the food in front of him. That was only the start. Thinking about it just
Castiel’s eyes fall to the table. He swallows. “I’m…”
But he didn’t refuse Alissande and her touches will certainly be gentle. That feeling surfaces again. He wanted to help Castiel. To extend a hand for him to show that they can put all of this aside. That they got off on the wrong foot. And Castiel took it. He did. Until…
But Mary’s eyes are still glistening with tears – and something else. Shame. Dean squeezes her hand, his own eyes pricking.
greatest enemy.
“Cas,” Dean says, almost a rasp, as he stares at the wound in his stomach. Castiel shoves his hands aside, mind racing as he presses his hand only to realise that he’s never been able to heal internal wounds this bad before – this deep. What if all he does is stitch him up on the outside only to leave him drowning in his own blood?
But Dean wouldn’t trade it for the world. For Castiel smiles, truly smiles, for the first time in a long time and when he laughs, it’s more beautiful than the music itself.
They walk for at least an hour, the moon still high in the sky, before they come upon some houses that are still in standing condition.
The door to the cellar they reside in creaks and their final lookout steps inside.
Dean scrambles to his feet only having enough time to see it’s Castiel, his own eyes filled with rage – and it takes him only a moment to understand it’s not directed at Michael but at him – when Castiel grips him by the bicep and drags him away, back towards their cabin.
He does catch, however, that Dean will need to visit some manor tomorrow to organise a few things for said festival with the lord who lives there. It’s about all Castiel really takes in from the meeting – other than noting once again that Dean doesn’t say all that much. He would’ve thought the Crown Prince would have more authority on things. Perhaps Dean is shy, although every single interaction he’s had with him so far would say otherwise.
Dean huffs a laugh, rubbing the back of his neck. “Uh, yeah, hopefully.”
His heart tugs a little as he wanders on. It reminds him of home. Of Iowan and it’s purple sunset. It reminds him of the camp too, of course, but it’s just not the same. The freedom and joy and happiness he felt in Iowan, although only felt in the few months once his wings were healed and he was able to finally explore his beautiful city, was something he can’t describe.
Dean leans forward, resting his elbows on the table. “What is–-”
“Friday?”
And Castiel pulls her close so she doesn’t see the ache in his eyes – the ache in his heart. To think that all that time Kyra was out there, keeping her faith that he would fulfil his destiny and he had almost taken that knife to his skin and destroyed it completely.
He’s sure plenty of other angels in the room feel the same.
He has thought about it long and hard but can find no answer. The doors to the underworld are closed. But the doors to paradise are open – there are just no angels there to guide the souls. If the demon opened the doors to the underworld it could guide the souls, that is its purpose. But now that Castiel’s a real angel, could he somehow find a way to get to the in between and guide the souls into paradise?
Both of their heads whip around at the loud whistling that pierces the air coming from not just one but all three of Dean’s friends as they waltz into the stands. Castiel’s cheeks certainly can’t get any redder at this point and he’s about to turn back to ask Dean if they can talk later when he sees that Dean is already standing, holding his backpack in one hand and with a small, slightly sad smile says, “See ya later.”
Castiel checks that they are all safely inside the next tunnel before he tells Emery to let go. When he does, he lets out a deep few breaths, heart still pounding hard, sweat dripping down his back now.
Sam releases a small sob but nods his head in understanding.
______________________________________
“No, Cas, it’s not about you.” Except it is. Everything is about Castiel. He can barely go one second without thinking of him. “It…it was about my father,” he says, because it’s the only thing that might make sense – that might be believeable.
They were ashes kept in an old, stained jar buried beneath a small tree in the middle of a forest in the centre of the Southern Continent.
“This is mine,” she says, hands clasped in front of her, almost as if she is nervous. Dean let’s out a shuddering breath before stepping forward and pulling her close. Her hands are warm and comforting on his back, her hair tickling the side of his face.
Dean’s eyes finally fall, knowing this part of the story.
“Alright. Open your eyes,” Dean says and so, he does.
Everything is…well, good. Dean quickly pulls up to their gate, typing in a few digits and then making his way up the driveway to park his Baby safely in the garage. Cas’ car isn’t there. He must’ve gone out to get a few things from the shops.
Catharlo shrugs. “I’m not sure but we will find out at the whipping if you wanted to go along.” Catharlo is not one for watching other men be punished on the post but he wanted to be there to hear the outcome – everyone did – for it could end in someone else being appointed the crown prince’s new personal guard. And the king will also be in attendance and it’s always a good thing to show your face around the king.
When Castiel finally pulls away his eyes are still clear, no sadness lingering.
“Oh, yes, of course.” Castiel slips his phone out of his pocket and creates a new contact before handing it to Dean. Dean smiles shyly as he does, and Castiel notices a few more eyes on them coming from the stands. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Anna whisper something in Tessa’s ear and Victor nudging both Michael and Benny before jerking his head in their direction.
But Michael’s not finished. One last dagger in his belt – this one real, not wooden – is in his hand suddenly and he’s throwing it towards Castiel just as he jumps--
A chill runs up his spine.
Michael swallows. “Yes.”
Castiel takes a breath. “I was desperate.” Dean’s eyebrows raise.
Castiel pants heavily, swords clashing. He doesn’t know much. Only that he needs to move fast. Never stay in one place too long so that Patrus can find him.
He’s about to turn back when a sharp pain reverberates through his skull. He falters, falling a moment into the desk. Pain surges through him but he grits his teeth hard and pushes himself back up when his left knee is kicked out from underneath him.
Dean’s eyes sting at the images that appear in his mind and he wishes he hadn’t asked.
Dean’s eyes widen. Definitely not dreaming.
Dean blinks, leaning back. “You don’t believe Castiel will defeat the demon.”
One hand clutches the sheets, the other gripping tight in Dean’s hair and if it hurts Dean doesn’t seem to mind, watching every little expression that flits across Castiel’s face.
“Great! Let’s go!”
“You asked me not to leave.” Dean tries to remember the men who took him and when Castiel came. But he doesn’t remember asking that of him. Castiel must pick up on it as he continues, “It was after I’d taken you back to the inn.” A beat. “I think you were scared.”
“Put your hand to the wall,” Emery says.
“I recognise this. My father taught me some when I was younger. It’s an ancient language from Torrin, the place my mother’s ancestors came from.”
But Castiel doesn’t disappear, his lips quirking up in a friendly smile and Dean steps forward, mouth open and ready to burst with ‘what on earth is going on’ when Castiel steps forward to meet him.
"We were ordered to search the entire city and that means searching every house. However, it's unlikely they'll reach the outskirts until tomorrow."
Joren smiles, hands moving in a flurry of movement before he disappears from view.
Sam on the other hand, he is extremely proud of. His brother will make a great king, although Sam himself is too worried about everything to believe it. With everyone he has at his side though, Dean is certain he will handle everything just fine.
Castiel huffs, eyes glinting in the light of the campfire. Dean swallows, ears turning red. He internally kicks himself. Could he have been any more obvious?
A guard steps up beside him. “Your Highness, you have a class now. Orderic will be waiting for you in the library.”
“Are you sure--”
He pulls at his chains, veins popping along his arms and neck. His feet find purchase on the crack in the ground and push against it and the urge to step forward with Dean’s own sword in hand and stab this man through the heart is ever growing but if he does that, they’ll never get out of here. And so, he watches and waits as Castiel struggles and screams in pain – pain that he’s never seen inflicted before – pain that must be horrific and yet Castiel still doesn’t give in.
“Sam,” he starts, “You need to listen to me.” And he knows he’s saying it to himself too. “I have to go. I have to go to Terrowin to find the grace. I have the halo now and if I use the map to find the grace, I’ll have all Three.” Sam shakes in his hands, not meeting his eyes. “You have to listen to me, Sam. If I have all Three, there’s a chance I can bring him back.”
It takes them another little while to navigate the heavy brush but soon they reach the barrier and the telltale whistle is being sounded and the barrier lifted for Castiel to enter. It’s clear when they burst into the open camp that someone sent a raven ahead for there is already three horses waiting, packs full with supplies and coins that they will need for the rest of their journey. There’s a small crowd gathered too, perhaps waiting for answers of their loved ones.
Dean sits down beside him, shoulders brushing.
Without anything further, the guard begins, piercing in between Castiel’s shoulder blades with his dagger. Dean grits his teeth, holding back the emotion that sits as a lump in his chest. Castiel’s entire body tenses, the sound of his heavy breathing filling the room, building and building.
“I’m fine,” Dean grits out, pulling the arrow back.
But Castiel doesn’t appear to be immediately heading for their cabins. Instead he wanders to where a small group of people are waiting to the side. Emery, he recognises immediately. Castiel heads towards another, though. A short, black woman, perhaps around their own age, standing with her hands clasped awkwardly in front of her.
,” he begs, a hand sliding up to cradle the side of Dean’s face, fingers tangling in the hair just behind his ear. Dean nods jerkily against him, thrusting deeper and deeper, hitting that same spot over and over until Castiel can feel it building and building and it’s all too much.
Usman said the only story he’d ever heard firsthand was by an old man who merely said the cave was filled with traps, impossible to get through. But by the feel of it, there was something holy in there for sure.
Michael would most certainly punish Castiel if he even heard his line of thoughts. He would never give up. So, Castiel shouldn’t either. And he won’t. He knows that. But sometimes it feels nice to just give up. To hang his head even if it’s only for a few seconds.
Dean’s heart sinks. Half of Castiel’s meal is still uneaten. “You don’t want another drink?”
“Don’t you want to get to know me?”
He almost passes it by, almost turns on his heel to wander back to where Catharlo will be waiting for him. But then he catches a glimmer of something golden between the shelves. His boots are silent on the stone floor as he slinks across towards the shelves and as he squints between the heavy bound books he knows what he’s seen is true. A golden band glinting from where it is wrapped around a bicep. A general. And another across from him, his own golden band clear around his arm.
Dean stares at that too, and it’s only now he’s finally aware that he’s wearing his bi-coloured board shorts and a shirt that says, ‘Hoe, Hoe, Hoe’, and there’s no fucking way he’s about to take his hand and shake it like nothing here is wrong.
"Thank you, father. If I were to ever be granted your forgiveness I would be forever grateful."
When he opens his mouth to speak, Castiel watches the way his mouth moves, wishing he could sit in this moment forever. “There is something I have to tell you.”
It’s quite pathetic really.
“I know.”
He blinks his eyes open when he feels the tugging behind him and suddenly his hands are free from the ropes, the sting harsh and he finally reciprocates, curling his arms around his friend's shoulders, not trying to hide the slight shake of them - anything that will make his fear seem more real because it is.
He supposes Nyree is right. He really does need rest. He’s sure Castiel will feel the same. Although now that he has told his own side in detail, he wants to hear Castiel’s side too.
He opens his phone and begins scrolling again through whatever he was looking at.
When he lowers Michael into the grave, he stands staring for a moment before he shovels the dirt back in.
Seb grunts. “Probably because he sucks the professor’s dick.” Cillian chokes on his drink as Brady lets out an obnoxiously loud laugh. Dean huffs a laugh before actually kicking Seb under the table.
If only he could find a way.
Beneath him, his knees give the slightest tremor.
“And the interesting news?” Dean asks. Dimarus’ huffs, shaking his head.
Dean slowly wanders his way through their apartment, watching Cas all the while. Once he reaches Cas’ room, Dean softly places Cas down on the bed, pulling the sheets out from under him and placing them over his body.
Dean raises his sword, taking a step toward to meet him when he blinks.
He pulls the slightest bit more and wings sprout from Patrus’ back and he knows he has it. He has all the darkness. All their Three.
“So, they sent the soldiers on their way, the closest generals and guards the only ones that knew of the powers they were to retrieve if the war was successful. And I wasn’t allowed to even send a letter. For if--” She cuts off, looks away into the darkness. She swallows, loud in the silence. There aren’t even any sounds of breathing. For they don’t have use for it anymore.
Castiel overhears Dean tell one of the guards waiting outside their chambers that the dinner shall be taken to each of their rooms separately before entering into their shared hall.
Dean gazes over at the quiet angel beside him.
He finds many books on angels during his hour wandering the library. None of which, however, speak of them kindly. Some speak of the Fall – when hundreds and hundreds of years ago the angels fell to the earth – and what
“What do you want me to say?” he says, his voice choked with emotion. “That since I can remember my own mum was telling me what a waste of space I was until my dad finally got a divorce and moved us away from her?”
Nyree shrugs, dark bags under her eyes. “If he does come along, it could also help with the captives. He might know them personally.”
The sunrise itself doesn’t compare.
He wants to pray. He wants to beg to Leuric. But all that comes out is, “I can’t do this.” And the tears finally spill over the edge as his shoulders start to shake. “I can’t do this. I can’t do this,” he whispers brokenly into the dark.
Or did he? Maybe this
The king stands, eyes dark and watching, mail stained red.
Castiel wouldn’t have made it if he were in their position.
“Does this…make you nervous?” he asks softly. And Castiel’s eyes widen, the fear and vulnerability replacing any of the courage he had a second ago. He swallows.
When everyone stands to finally leave, Dean packs away his laptop slowly, staying firmly in his seat.
Dean lets out a rough exhale.
“I don’t understand,” Dean says, shaking beside him.
He couldn’t even close his hands over his throat. Couldn’t even attempt to squeeze the life out of him. Because all he saw were those pained, teary, blue eyes staring up at him. The blue eyes that had his heart fluttering in his chest, unable to look away. The blue eyes that stared right through everything and saw him – truly saw him. The blue eyes he fell for.
"That's right. Hey, don't get mad at me. I'm giving you a free service here. C'mon, give it here." Castiel rolls his eyes but allows Dean to take his phone anyway.
And with a heart wrenching growl, he screams, “You took everything!”
Lady Alia bats her eyes and clasps her hands in something of an act. Castiel can’t stand how terrible most of these people are at selling their facades. “Oh, she’s doing wonderful. Your mother and father were more than generous in helping us after my father passed. But onto brighter topics shall we. In fact, I came in the chance that I may ask for your hand in a dance?”
Castiel turns his glare on Dean before rolling his eyes. “Whatever. Nice to meet you all,” he says, and then without meeting anyone’s eyes, gets up and starts walking off.
And that’s when Castiel notices.
“You couldn’t have known. And if you did, the demon would have found you out and killed you either way. What’s done is done. In this place, you need to get used to not dwelling on it.”
“Not much.”
A cheer sounds outside as orange light floods through the window.
If only he could disappear.
. There are good people in this world and they don’t deserve to go to the underworld.”
He can’t hear the gasps and muffled cries all around him. Only the pounding in his chest as he turns his wrist over, the long-jagged scar there for all to see.
I thought since my uploading of chapters sadly isn't very consistent that I'd make a tagging list for those of you on tumblr (if you want to of course). So, send me an ask/message on tumblr if you want to be tagged when I post upcoming chapters. Or if you have an AO3 account you can subscribe to the story and I believe you get notifications whenever I post!
Dean’s too nervous to really think about anyone else, however, but as always Castiel appears as calm as ever beside him. Dean’s the one attempting to make awkward small talk to fill in the gaps as they get closer and closer but by the time they finally halt in front of his building, he’s run out of things to say, and his heart is pounding loudly in anticipation.
______________________________________
“The Elo de Olapireta spoke to them, told them of what was coming.” For they see all. Even from his own religion, which strangely, he still feels tied to despite the unfathomable proof of Castiel’s own, he understands that. Being spoken to by a god – by a holy power – there’d be no denying it.
“You’re quite observant,” Dean says, chin raised.
V raises a hand to her mouth, turning her head away. The man rubs a soothing hand over her back and Dean’s mouth twists, sadness and rage bubbling up his throat. He knows he was only a young boy at the time of when it must have happened but the thought that any guard could do that – would do that. It makes him sick. Although, with those like Nicolaus and Salicar, doing what they did to Castiel, he supposes there are more men in the guard like that than he’d like to think.
“Fine.” Dean says, pulling the red, velvet curtain closed before digging into his wallet and pushing a few coins into the slot. Cas visibly brightens at that and the screen starts to display large numbers counting down.
“I don’t know what happened that made you so…insufferable and childish but whatever it is, you cannot take it out on me.” Dean glares at him from behind his desk. He looks incredibly tired, as if he hasn’t slept one wink which might be the reason for why he’s even more infuriating this morning. The last few days have been enough to get on Castiel nerves, with the ignoring and bad attitude which is always directed towards himself, but a third day with this--
Castiel steps back, raising a hand. “No, I really can’t--”
“Dean,” Castiel says, hands on either side of his face, memorising his every freckle and bump. “It’s okay.”
Dimarus’ narrow his eyes. “Why are you asking me this?” Dean shrugs and he knows it’s not convincing but he wants to hear the truth. The captain stares at him for a few moments before relenting. “Yes, it’s true. We’ve hardly given them anything. I believe this is the most generous your father has even been.”
His father nods, although Dean can tell he’s vaguely disappointed. Despite seeing Castiel barely react to being whipped all that time ago, the physical torture that he’s endured would be enough for any man to break.
Michael, completely and utterly still, frozen in his stance.
Castiel beside him has his head down, silent.
“But you just broke your own rule. So, I am supposed to attack first now or what?”
Castiel blinks, eyes falling and for a moment there it almost looks – almost seems--
The conducted a powerful spell that would close the doors to paradise and the underworld.
Why should Castiel care about what he said anyway? He’s the one that cheated on his past boyfriends. He
His arms tremble with the effort and he has to strain himself to lean slightly forward in case he does fall so that he won’t land on his back – something that doesn’t help in keeping him calm. He almost thanks the gods above when he reaches the window and it pushes open easily.
is going to do that?” Dean’s eyes are wide as they flick between Nyree and Castiel, a hint of worry in them.
Castiel’s eyes glimmer, something lighting up inside of him.
Is it killing the demon? Is that what frees the souls?
Dean shakes his head beside Castiel as if he’s dismissing his own thoughts before turning to him. “If you want to scour the shelves, three of the guards have to go with you. We finish here in an hour.” Without another word, he takes a seat at the table across from his teacher.
Dean blinks, taken aback. Why would he say that? Even after this morning. He squeezes his eyes shut, anger filling his veins. “Fine,” he spits. “Go rot.” He turns on his heels and exits the room. His father doesn’t look happy at the change of decision. He thought he would be – Castiel in the dungeons seems like something he wants. Maybe he just wanted Dean to make his own decision. And he has failed at that. Just like everything else.
Dean feels it like a shock to his core. The sudden reminder over how serious this is.
He curses into Castiel's skin before closing his teeth over it gently and tugs. Castiel writhes in his lap, their cocks sliding together and Dean groans, fingers digging into Castiel's thigh.
“They were given to me by my mother, although I don’t actually remember it.” He swallows and stiffens slightly before relaxing as Emery’s gentle fingers are placed on his back.
Charlie's fiddles with the hem of her shirt. "I suppose it's our turn to talk."
All souls.
The centre of the warehouse – where Dean kneels – is bare but it’s completely surrounded by crates and shelves, carrying old run-down metals and tools. It’s dark, only a few candles dotted here and there.
No more gods. No more angels or demons. Only humans with wings and humans without. No more in between or paradise or the underworld.
The men – generals – talk about many things – some of which peak Castiel’s interest, some of which do not. He listens intently throughout it all, however. The only important matter they seemingly discuss is of a letter they received from the mayor of Lithos, a small town that lies near the border between the two countries.
“Yes, well, now I’m adding another four. You will take two carriages and he will ride separate.”
The king rises. “No matter, I have other means of getting my information. Find his brother and bring him to me.”
“I don’t care anymore.” The thing is, he does care. And it still leaves an ache in his chest when he thinks about it. But Dean is here in front of him, ready to hold him and touch him. He’s accepted him now even if he still can’t stand to look at his wings. Realistically, it’s more than he could possibly have asked for.
He blinks, his gaze finally moving from side to side and despite the darkness – despite that he is all alone, at least as far as he knows, he is calm.
Dean hadn’t shared what he heard next.
He doesn’t have time to scrutinise them because Tessa is enveloping him in a warm hug and loudly announcing, “Happy Birthday, Cas!”
______________________________________
“This isn’t a matter of whether you can or you can’t. You will,” his father grits out.
He is nothing like that boy, all those years ago.
Castiel closes his eyes and hears it again. He doesn’t think he’ll ever forget it.
He closes his eyes. “No, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone else.” His voice breaks as he stumbles backwards.
Dean’s knees feel weak, eyes squeezing shut as he opens his mouth because he has to say something, anything.
“Yes?”
Castiel scoffs. "I never said that."
And Dean’s stomach flips, his own lips quirking upwards in a bashful smile. But as soon as they do, the light in Castiel’s eyes begins to fade, his smile slowly weakening.
And to make things even worse, they’ve been wrong about so many things. The demon wasn’t there that day, possessing the king on the battlefield. Who knows where they could be now. Perhaps they were possessing someone close by. Perhaps they still resided at the castle.
The last entry is short and ends abruptly. It’s not dated but it must be from a week or so before the invasion.
Castiel looks away and can’t meet her eyes as he says, “I am going to find the grace. And once I have all Three, I am going to bring Dean back.” His voice grows softer now. “I’m going to bring them all back.”
And when they reach the pub, Dean’s heart is pounding so hard and the shame almost has him turning his horse around and galloping straight back to the castle. But he clenches his jaw and dismounts, Castiel and two other guards following after him.
The dorm is still thankfully vacant when he finally arrives back and because he doesn’t know what else to do he pulls out his phone and calls Castiel. But he doesn’t pick up. Nor when he calls him the second time or the third time when he finally leaves a message, voice breaking as he says, “Cas, I’m sorry. Please call me back.”
And he closes his eyes, nausea rising, pain and the cold gripping him and thinks of him. Thinks of his eyes and his smile and his mouth and his hands and his touch and his warmth and--
“Unfortunately, ladies, we must be going. We have lots to discuss for our trip ahead,” Castiel says, bowing at the waist and turning to eye Dean. Dean stares at him but there is no surprise hidden there.
“Because I can’t.” Out of the corner of his eye, he watches as Dean slumps his head forward into his hands before gripping his hair tightly. And then he slams his fists down onto the table before standing from his chair and striding off into his room.
Catharlo stares after the door, heart slowly sinking back into place in his chest, locked behind those words.
Dean smiles at him, thankful, as he takes them from his brother and places them down beside them.
There’s another second of silence before, “I don’t know. Maybe I’m just not interested at the moment.” Castiel’s chest tightens and he impulsively peeks up once more to find Dean already staring back at him. Castiel blinks, face warming and Dean looks away.
And Dean feels it in his chest. Bursting at the seams. Relief and shame. Joy and fear. All at once, rising inside of him. He gazes out at the angels around them and finds none of them looking. None of them caring.
“Oh god,” Dean mutters, his cheeks burning and when he flicks his gaze to Castiel beside him, he finds him biting his lip, restraining a laugh.
“So, it’s real,” Dean says, in awe, in fear, in everything. “This…” He trails off, not wanting to say it if he has misinterpreted her words.
So, he obeys, slipping a dagger from his sheath and carefully slicing the blade over Dean’s palm, watching as the blood trickles out. Dean doesn’t so much as hiss, his eyes now fixed on Castiel.
Castiel flushes, spluttering a little before regaining his composure. “I’m not sure everyone else would agree. Your judgement seems a little biased.”
“And then the third one came along.” Castiel’s tears fall freely now and he doesn’t move to wipe them away – doesn’t take his eyes away from Dean – only looks at him as though--
Out of his periphery he sees them begin to disperse, few staying behind. He doesn’t look up to see who though. Doesn’t want to see Michael standing in the crowd – doesn’t want to see whatever will be etched into his features.
There aren’t that many. Enough to keep them occupied a moment. But not enough to threaten.
And it’s answer enough. He’s not just any angel. He’s a god in mortal form. Merely cut off from the souls in paradise. Unable to access his full power.
It flutters to the floor, Castiel’s hands in nervous fists by his side as he stands, bare chested and bare footed before Dean.
A lot has happened since their first 'date'. They went on two more, one at the end of June and one sometime in the middle of July. Castiel had run into Dean a few more times as well, and they'd both stopped and had small chats before going on their way. And of course, Dean had been to the bookshop twice more, once with his brother and once by himself.
Dean grazes his lips at first and Castiel feels the breath shudder out of him. He knows what’s happening here. Dean wants this but he doesn’t want to hurt him. So, he pushes forward, capturing Dean’s lips with his own and drawing a small, surprised noise from the back of Dean’s throat.
He slips out into the hall, strolling by a few servants. He brushes his hand across the hilt of his sword, almost as if making sure it’s still there. He needs to be swift and ready to help Castiel along the way if needs be. Whatever it takes to save him.
It’s a relief when he sees where they’re taking him. It means that he’s not going to be killed or sent to the dungeons to rot for the rest of his days. He’s only being punished.
Someone like
But that was before…
When they slip their way inside the castle walls, entrances crumbled inward, roof completely gone, Michael grabs him by the shoulder hard, turning him to face him.
“The spell,” Castiel says, wondering if the fact that it was the God of Light and not a fallen angel, the God of Darkness and not a demon, is the only thing different to the story he knows.
Castiel pauses for a moment, pondering on something before answering. “The souls in the in between were left there waiting. Without angels and demons to guide them or the doors to paradise and the underworld open, they are left stranded.”
He certainly, however, doesn't try to pull away.
“Biased?” Dean’s grin is wide and radiant. It’s one of Castiel’s favourite sights. Enough to have him a little breathless. Enough to rival the stars, perhaps. Gods. Even his thoughts are embarrassing. “And why would I be biased?”
“They’ve always been foul down there. Why did they trade with the animals in the first place?”
The panic rose even higher.
Dean hesitates a moment but decides this woman knows enough about everything that she is either an angel or an ally of them.
“And who was I to save them?
______________________________________
Castiel’s eyes are bright with a soft kind of amusement, a smile pulling at his lips. And he’s strikingly beautiful.
“Thank you. For…” Castiel glances towards the guards at the end of the room and without meeting Dean’s eyes, turns and walks to his room, closing the door behind him. Dean closes his eyes again and rubs a hand over his face.
A lot has changed in a short three years. They gladly reminisce over all of it. The things that have changed for the better. The things that they’ve lost along the way.
He’s impulsive and hot-tempered and whatever else because of
It doesn’t seem real. Because so much has changed. It’s too strange to think of them both as the people they were. He remembers the scorn he felt for Dean. And he’s sure Dean felt the same.
scam them of hundreds of dollars and by no circumstance am I giving my share back.” Dean frowns, because is he really worried about that?
Did his father really send him the finest guards to keep him safe? Maybe he didn’t care enough to send his finest. Maybe he simply didn’t think anything could possibly happen.
“Who’s this, huh? Your new boyfriend?” Dean ignores the guy other than glancing towards him to make sure he’s not going to start swinging again.
A while passes before Dean adds another and Castiel starts to squirm, hips pushing against the mattress. Dean curses under his breath as he thrust his fingers back and forth.
She pauses slightly in her step as she’s walking. A strange sensation runs up her spine. She glances behind her but doesn’t spot anyone out of the ordinary. She pulls her shawl tighter around her wings. Not that it will ever fall, she sewed it on tight enough. But she has the strange feeling she’s being followed.
“Why can’t you enter?” Castiel looks to him then before taking a few steps forward to stand by Nyree. He raises a hand – the other angels all watching now – and presses forward.
It’s much quieter on the way back, a few girls dozing off and Dean and Castiel sharing quiet conversation, riddled with those same small smiles and flushed cheeks – especially when Castiel pulls his phone out and tells him to put his number in.
"My wings."
Dean’s eyes narrow. “Who were they? Did you get their names?”
He makes sure none of the coins in the lady’s purse have fallen out before walking back to hand it to her. “My apologies for the damage,” he says, handing the purse over. The lady blushes, taking it from his hands.
Castiel rolls his eyes but blushes nonetheless. Dean’s words never cease to affect him. And so, he holds his tongue instead of saying,
“What is it?”
“So…” Dean starts, but he trails off never finishing his sentence and the tension in the air only thickens.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean squints. He glares at the fourth photo. The couple is kissing. On the lips.
Some were better preserved than others and one even appeared as though it had died trying to drag itself to the exit.
“You okay to walk, Cas?” Dean says, voice soft and yet far too loud. Castiel nods, straightening up again and pausing for a moment to let his head clear. Dean must see though that he is struggling for he grabs Castiel’s wrist to pull over his own shoulder and rests the palm of his free hand against Castiel’s back.
Castiel blinks back his own tears at the display in front of him. He can’t imagine what it feels to be Dean in this moment – or his mother for that matter. To believe his mother was dead for so long – only to have her stand before him, alive and well.
“Dean…” Castiel says softly. Dean’s heart thuds in his chest.
When Dean finds him soon after, he’s sitting cross legged, eyes closed.
He’s only half listening to the rest of the meeting when he hears his name again. “And of course, Prince Dean, the king wants to speak to you about your travels to Narla by the end of the day.”
And the courage is gone before he can grasp it.
“And I never would have had to do this.”
Dean groans. “Cas, we’re not -”
He doesn’t even realise he’s stopped in his tracks until Castiel knocks on the cabin next door. He shakes his head, trudging up the steps to where Castiel waits. Sam is bleary eyed and half dressed when he lets them in, Dean taking one last glance over his shoulder at the angels.
He shoves at them half-heartedly but eventually two take an arm each, yanking them painfully behind his back. “What is this?” he asks hoarsely. “An angel? With what? No wings?” he says, voice raised. Dean doesn’t even turn from where he stands, eyes still on the floor and the king’s eyes, while dark are still tainted with confusion.
His voice cracks when he speaks, but the fire inside of him is greater than ever.
The only thing he can think of to say is, “I don’t know what happened to your mother, Dean. But don’t be so quick to blame my kind.”
Fear flashes through Sam's eyes. "But they aren't real."
Castiel’s about to take a seat at the table when Dean says, “Are you coming?” Castiel turns his head to find those green eyes waiting. Hopeful.
Dean doesn’t know how long he sits there for but his bones and muscles begin to ache.
He makes his way up the stairs and soon finds himself at the end of the hallway. Glancing back down he finds no one in sight and swiftly Dean slips through the door. Once the door is closed behind him, he sinks to the ground.
Dean huffs, the corners of his mouth quirking up in a sad smile. "Now how could you think that?" Castiel's own lips quirk up but he feels no kind of joy in his heart. Dean's face turns serious once more, and he leans forward to brush their noses together, lips inches apart. "I'm sorry for ruining your mission. For fucking up and outing you like that. If my father is possessed you could have died."
Castiel can’t help but notice the movement out of the corner of his eye, pushing up his glasses from where they had fallen down to. He puts down his book and leans back to see Dean through his window across the divide of their houses, sitting on the edge of his bed, his head in his hands.
Castiel's surprised to see the older boy walk into the bookshop a few weeks later, let alone walk in by himself. He watches, not so subtly, from behind the counter as the older boy walks over to the shelf where Castiel had recommended the first book to his brother. The older boy doesn't stand there for long, his eyes scanning along the shelves until he finds something. He reaches up to the top shelf and pulls down the second and last book in the series he'd recommended.
Dimarus nods, frowning. “Did you send him downstairs…on purpose?”
looks down upon.
Is that why Castiel’s brother trained him so hard? So, he could defeat the demon?
“And you think I’m the impossible one?”
Dean’s chest deflates. If he is just angry that Dean left early on Sam’s ball then he can deal with that. In hindsight, it probably wasn’t the best idea anyway but this is nothing he can’t handle. “Uh, yes, I did. I was incredibly fatigued after training yesterday.”
Castiel takes a breath before opening the door and stepping over the threshold.
Dean feels a pressure release inside of him. And the day has only just begun.
And then it washes over him. “Do you believe in the angel’s religion?” he asks suddenly and Castiel’s eyes are narrowed and hooded in the dark when they lock onto his own. He nods.
Castiel holds her dull, green eyes. “I’ve been alone so long in my fear that I did not realise this time that I was not.” And he feels stupid for not realising sooner. For of course, Sam and Dean’s mother is just as afraid as he and even though it has been a long time – she knows more than him what it is like to be their only protector and suddenly be far away. She knows
It didn’t matter if anyone wanted to after that, he never felt like it was a day to be celebrated.
But there’s no one lining the stairway. No one running up to come for them.
“Yes, you did! Which means you were going to say yes, weren’t you?” And he can’t contain the excitement and triumph that radiates off of him.
Castiel’s eyes widen, glancing about him to make sure no one is close enough to possibly hear what is being said. For someone to speak so firmly about the other angels, about their leaders… But he also feels a stab of warmth. That someone would care for him so easily.
And Dean doesn’t know what to do to help him. He can only sit, uselessly by his side, waiting for Castiel to speak again because he can’t think of anything to say.
No more words are said between them and when his hand slips from hers, she faces forward to the future.
But who the fuck is he to talk?
No Dean until he ventures out towards the edge of the cliff and with a sag in relief, spots Dean sitting a yard or so from the drop, arms wrapped around his knees. Castiel sheathes his dagger before Dean can see it and panic himself.
Castiel huffs. “And it extra fucking sucked when I overheard one of your friends saying he’d heard some guys had tried to ask me out and I’d laughed in their faces or some shit – like anyone has ever even tried to talk to me after the rumours spread let alone ask me out in this damn town except for my prick of an ex. And he only did because he was a few years older and hadn’t heard the rumours yet…” He trails off, words bitter. “But it wasn’t your friend’s fault either--"
“Well, better get a good sleep, Castiel,” Dean says, stopping outside his door. “Big few days ahead of us.”
“Yeah and you two better get over to your dad before hell breaks loose.”
“Before? I heard you got
“Did you want another drink?”
Dean decided not to push them just yet for the final bet – the one involving staging sex – not when they’re this low in morale.
Michael lies still for a moment before rolling his neck and Castiel hears a distinct crack. The tip of Castiel’s sword brushes against his throat. If it wasn’t wooden it might have left a scratch. Michael hums. “You didn’t let me speak.”
He peers up under his eyelashes, watching as Dean finally shrugs his off and quickly disposes of his doublet after, leaving only tan, muscled skin before him and gods, he’s perfect. What he would give to press close and breathe him in.
“They all ran when they saw that I could defeat them. I didn’t go after them because there were too many to follow and you were bleeding out. You needed to be brought here right away.” Dean blinks, nodding.
Not that it’s Dean’s fault. Castiel was the one who couldn’t handle the pressure of their relationship. It’s not Dean’s fault that he’s a handsome and kind celebrity loved by millions and Castiel is just…plain, boring, unattractive Castiel. He just wasn’t enough. And after everything Dean did for him. Like coming out to the entire world wasn’t enough to prove how much he cared about Castiel.
“Good night, Catharlo,” Emery says rising from where he sits beside their fire and walking away, Catharlo’s heart right there with him.
He frowns, about to keep striding past. But he knows every other face in camp. It seems out of place not to know this one.
It’s almost midnight and the servants have just arrived to take dinner from the table. Dean had a meeting with Dimarus that took longer than he expected and they missed having dinner with Sam and Mervyn and to both their dismay, settled for eating it here. But much to Castiel’s surprise, Dean didn’t ask for the dinner to be sent to each of their rooms like most days when they eat here together.
Castiel’s heart splits in his chest and he wobbles where he stands.
The men and women alike both eyeing Dean as though he’s still up for contest.
“Have Nicolaus and Salicar been bothering you again?” Emery flicks his eyes away, his smile lingering for a moment as Catharlo evades his question.
Eve frowns, turning back to Castiel. “You didn’t mention that.”
Sam is captured somewhere, hidden inside the crumbling walls of the angel’s royal castle. There shouldn’t be too many places to look.
Castiel moves over towards Dean’s bedside and looks down at the prince. He squints back up at him. “Did you ever have any friends?”
Dean hums, scribbling in the margins of his notebook. “Heard he’s smart though. Got a lecture with him on Thursday night. Saw he got an A on an essay once.”
Dean closes his eyes. God, he is so screwed.
“You’re infuriating.”
It’s hard when he adds a third finger and Castiel begins to jerk in his lap, a whimper falling from his lips as he tries to move himself back onto Dean’s fingers but he makes sure he stretches him as much as he can before finally his fingers slip out from inside of him.
“I’m – I…” Castiel feels it then, burning up his chest, hot and vile. “I need to…” He doesn’t get further than that, wandering off towards the closest building and making his way around the back of it before he heaves bile into the dirt, one hand pressed against cool stone to steady him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He honestly wasn’t sure what he expected when he found out Castiel was being paired up with him for camp. He’d of course been excited at first – at the prospect of even being in his presence but he certainly didn’t envision embarrassing himself every second of the day and being reduced to a teenager with their first crush.
Dean finally pauses in his rambling and looks to him with narrowed eyes.
"Yes."
“Dean,” Michael says.
Besides the fact that he’s tied up and ready to be whipped, he notices that he has a good view of the back of the castle. Quickly running the route through his head, he spots which balcony is the one that branches off Dean’s chambers and hence, the small windows of his own chambers.
“I would help if I could, Dean, but there is nothing I can do. I am only the Captain of the Guard. I barely have any say in those meetings and none at all on the account of coin.”
“Dean, I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry about what I said yesterday. I--”
"It's unscrewed. Trust me." Dean stares at him once more before nodding.
"Excuse me," the younger boy starts, Missouri looking over from the computer to give him a smile.
They eat dinner in the kitchen and although Sam and Mervyn aren’t present, it’s certainly not a place where Castiel can discuss what he wants to with Dean. All he needs is a few moments to apologise and that’s it. If Dean really hates him and doesn’t want to even be touched by him then he won’t have to suffer through telling him that they can’t be together. At least that’s something.
The guards shove him along past the cells, prisoners shouting and reaching through the bars. He’s stopped in front of the cell right beside the one he was kept in last time. The cell with those men. He can’t make out anyone in the dark – only candles on the dungeon walls giving them any source of light – but Castiel feels that fear creep, unwanted, into his mind.
He remembers seeing the scar for the first time, wondering what kind of pain was inflicted upon him to cause it. Remembers kissing it gently that night they first made love. Remembers tracing it the morning after, wondering, wondering, wondering.
young – and very, well, it was those years when he was discovering more and more about his own anatomy or perhaps his anatomy was discovering more about itself on its own.
“Do you think I will defeat them? Do you think I will save the souls?”
“And that’s why you’re desperate?” Dean asks, for the first time unsure of his words. Castiel doesn’t say anything, just stares back at him. Dean stands up from the chair and walks around to the front to lean back against it. He crosses his arms over his chest and stares down at Castiel. “And how do I know that any of what you told me is true?” Castiel’s taken aback by the question and struggles to keep his face straight. The prince isn’t as stupid as princes of this land should be. “How do I know that you’re not an assassin sent here to kill me or my father? Or my brother, for that matter?”
She nods once more and then her eyes slip closed. “The demon went cold as I spoke it and I thought that was it. That it would be my end. But something came over it. Something brightened in its eyes. And I knew something terrible was to come. It asked me who it was. The prophesied. I wouldn’t speak but then…” A hand rises to her mouth as if she is about to spill tears but there is no sign on her face that she is even upset. Instinct perhaps. “But then…” Something flashes through her eyes and her hand falls. “But then it possessed me. Left Ferrant’s soulless body and invaded me, pushing my soul to the brink. I think that was the most terrifying thing I have ever felt. My body, suddenly not my own. Someone else controlling it like I was a puppet. A spectator. It escaped out the window and it was soon after I became more aware of what was happening that we were…moving. Jumping. From one place to the next. It was the most impossible thing. But I knew as well that something wasn’t right. And the demon – I could feel it. And it was angry. I understood after a while that my vessel was too weak to contain it. So, it had to focus more energy on keeping me together than on jumping through space and time.”
He can see her piecing it together because although words travel slow, she would have heard of when the two princes were kidnapped by some crazed sinner.
Sam comes, of course, smiling and telling them to have a good time, oblivious to what this means to Dean – to how humiliating it is for him.
The rest of the page is blank and the page beside it has been ripped out but flicking through the rest of the journal, he finds it empty.
"That's what happened last time remember. And I was late." Dean's eyebrows pull together.
Because he’s already made up his mind. He already knows what he’s going to do. Because what other choice does he have?
“You were offering fucking money, isn’t it obvious?” Castiel’s eyes fall away before he shakes his head and turns and Dean’s heart jumps in his chest, knowing that if he lets Castiel turn away now he might not get another chance.
And he closes his eyes, tries to reach for Michael’s hand on his collar--
“And you,” the demon speaks and Dean’s heart pounds, “are not my son.”
He leaves the hall swiftly, mind pondering an answer. He only notices there are tears in his eyes after he’s curled up in bed. Because deep inside of him, he knows there is no way he can have both.
On the other hand, there’s no hint of arrogance on Emery’s face. His face only reveals focus. And at the sound of the captain’s voice telling them to begin, a small nod. Castiel nods back just as the other guard raises his sword. He swings it in a heavy arc and Castiel steps aside and away from Emery on the other side, turning his body to create the smallest target possible. The guard heaves his sword again in a diagonal arc upwards, Castiel bending to duck before stepping forward into the guard’s space and with his own sword thrust across the man’s chest, forcing him down and onto his back again. Legs bent in a crouch, Castiel turns, sword raised just in time to parry a blow from Emery.
And it’s the first time he’s spoken it aloud. That he accepts it all. Accepts who he is.
It's strange. He vividly remembers the last time this happened. After the dungeons. After Castiel was hurt. Again. The first time he truly let Dean in. Let Dean see. Let Dean touch him with soft, gentle hands. It wasn't so long ago. And now they're here, in a stranger's house, on the run from the king - on the run from a demon. And Castiel, sitting so still in the tub before him, the only person who can stop the world from falling into the darkness.
Except it’s no man.
Her eyes are wet but she smiles. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
Dean sighs, rising from bed. He struggles to dress, being extra careful with his wrist. He doesn’t look outside. He doesn’t want to see him now. He’ll see him soon enough anyway.
“And the last thing she ever said, weak and dying in her bed, but brighter than ever – ‘Wait until you’ve had a good, long life here, sister, and then come find me in the in between. And when Castiel finally frees all souls and completes his destiny, we will be at peace together for eternity as it always was meant to be.”
“Only undoing whatever it is you have done to him. I’m not sure why he would have any care for those animals but he is young. He can be brought back to the light. You, on the other hand, are too far gone.”
But she raises his chin with her fingers and holds his eyes as she speaks, “I could never turn my back on you.”
Dean can’t stop fidgeting all through the rest of the day. The lesson is almost pointless and he honestly feels sorry for Orderic for even bothering. The only relief he has is that Castiel is gone for most of it.
, he thinks – he reminds himself. Because Castiel might not want this. And if that’s the case then he doesn’t mind – he won’t push him, certainly not after all Castiel’s been through. And especially with Charlie’s words in his head.
He waits until lunch, hiding out in the stables before slowly making his way towards the dungeons. No guards stand by the entrance and going through the door and down the first set of stairs, he peers around to see two guards standing outside the heavy door of Castiel's chamber. And inside, the harsh sounds of a beating. Dean has to calm his breathing before discreetly making his way back up and out into the hall without catching any stray eyes.
“What, like I can’t be sad every once in a while? Don’t give me that boys don’t cry bullshit.”
Because he thought he finally had something. He thought he could finally feel some kind of happiness in--
Dean huffs. "Yeah, and no offense but 10 Things I Hate About You is a freakin' classic and 27 Dresses doesn't even compare." Some of the girls around him laugh while others agree. Castiel raises one eyebrow with small smile at the corner of his lips. Dean swallows. "Not that I've, you know, seen either of them," he mumbles, relieved when Castiel looks away.
Castiel shakes his head. “Nothing. I just have lots on my mind, is all.”
After travelling for at least two thirds of the day, they finally come to a halt. William undoes the curtain inside the carriage and peers out. Dean can see a glimpse of a manor, fields stretching for miles.
Those words. So familiar. The same words that he pleaded at his father with. That he told himself over and over.
"I like you a lot. I've liked you a lot since we met. In a definitely non-platonic way." He pauses, tongue poking out to wet his lips. "And I want you to kiss me."
Dean falters, now just realising his own thoughts. Would he? Follow him to the ends of the earth?
He adjusts himself in his saddle and takes a deep breath. He looks to the side where Emery and his friend wait for him.
Castiel blinks. Something sticks in his chest. The hall around them is filling all the more with every minute that passes and yet in this moment it feels as though he and Mary are the only people for miles.
The emotion rises in Castiel's throat but he stomps it down. This isn't true. This isn't real. And why would that matter anyway? What does this have to do with anything?
(See the end of the chapter for
The night goes far better than he expected it to go. They ordered food to share between them all and the drinks kept coming until they were all at least pleasantly buzzed – some downright drunk – Tessa, Michael and Adam. And Benny, Victor and Michael even shared stories about Dean – most of which made Castiel laugh his head off and others that made his chest fill with warmth – whilst nearly every other person shared stories about Castiel and the shenanigans they got up to at last year’s running training. Most of which Dean laughed his head off too – which, okay, that’s fair.
It didn’t take long for the doctor and maids to figure out the wound wasn’t deep and not in need of any serious attention. Castiel refused to be bandaged there and then, holding another clean piece of cloth he was given against his wound the entire ride back to the castle after Dean, by himself, trekked to the lake to gather their horses, still not wanting anyone else to discover it. Although if Nicolaus found it, Dean did not say.
“Then don’t,” Dean snaps, a little too emotional. He inwardly curses himself but Castiel has already caught him at it. “I have a meeting. Now.”
Orella offers a small, tight lipped smile. It's easy to tell how worried she is for him. "The last time we heard, he was well. Keeping close to Dimarus during these times, which does make me feel slightly better."
left me and you knew how scared I was – you knew I was fucking terrified and you just…” All of the supessed anger and sadness and fear from the last moon rages inside of him. Tears well up behind his eyes and his voice breaks over his next words. “How could you do that?”
The blue eyes that deceived him. The blue eyes that belong to the wretched creatures that stole his mother from him – that nearly stole his home from him too if his father hadn’t found out about it. The blue eyes that for a moment terrified him. The fear threatens to spill onto the surface – all those nightmares he had after Mary was taken – of winged creatures in the night bubble up in his memory but he shoves it down hard. He can’t be scared. Not now. Not ever.
______________________________________
Michael’s eyes turn dark just as he launches himself up at Castiel. He dodges easily but Michael’s quick to recover, fists flying fast and hard and Castiel parries, catching a blow on his forearm, another clipping his ear.
He should be used to it by now. The cruelty of this world. He can’t keep one good thing. Not even one.
Another sleepless night passes on the forest floor but before long he’s closing in on the checkpoint and suddenly, he’s whistling, hearing another whistle back and relief hits him hard almost pushing him to his knees.
Dean beams on the inside.
Castiel weighs his words carefully. Dean has already told everyone of his ways. Why would he lie about that? And perhaps if he admits to one thing, it will be less likely that he is the other.
He closes his eyes and sends a quick prayer to his Elo de Olapireta, asking him to guide this soul to peace. And then he remembers. A bitter laugh escapes on a huff. Dean glances towards him.
He was stiff all over when he woke up this morning. Even though he slept through nearly the whole of yesterday, he still managed to sleep through the night. Luckily, no nightmares followed him into his slumber.
