It’s not really the job that bothers him. Or leaving his colleagues. He wasn’t getting along with most of them anyway. No, it’s the fact that the hospital was his home, the place where he studied medicine, where he took his first steps as a doctor, the place he established his reputation at.
Naomi is quick to bounce back from the shock, however. “I did not raise you like this! We’ll see what Amelia thinks of—”
“You are with Aaron,” he finally says. Dean can barely feel his weight on him anymore. “And I’m with Amelia.”
Castiel doesn’t waste any time. He takes off his clothes, and once naked goes to lie down on his bed. For a while, Dean does nothing but stand where he is, frozen in place, as he stares at Castiel. And then in a second he’s on the bed, on his knees beside Castiel.
Dean smiles in answer, because he doesn’t want to appear antagonistic, and utters a small ‘Hello’, but the clerk doesn’t answer, choosing instead to go back to what he was doing.
He stares at Castiel, his bright green eyes full of anxiety, running a hand through his dirty blond hair before he lets out a decisive breath, puts his beer down, and cocks his gun.
He did show his brother his dick, though. Can’t blame him for being a little strange for a few days after that.
“Yes,” Cas exhales. His head tips back, precome leaks from the tip of his cock, and Dean wants to taste it. “Slowly.”
Disappointment is clear in Dean’s expression and Castiel feels bad. But Dean doesn’t get it. Castiel wants to do this. He wants to do it properly.
It’s mostly true, and yet Dean feels like it’s a blatant lie. But telling Aaron about Benny is easier than telling him about Cas.
“I don’t want to be mean,” she finally says, looking straight into his eyes, “but I’m desperate. If you don’t help me I’ll… I’ll go to Naomi. I’ll go to the press. I’ll tell them everything and then the study will be ruined. Please!”
Castiel slides his arm around Dean’s waist, and smiles his brightest, fakest smile. “Anna, this is Dean. My boyfriend.”
Dean can do nothing but agree with a small nod. Now he understands why Novak married her. She’s something, alright. The bastard’s been lucky.
This gives him pause, and he stops in the middle of the psychology section, looking around, as if somehow someone will pop up and start listing every reason why he couldn’t enroll in college.
Cas shoots him a warning look, but there’s no bite to it. He’s playing. “I’m trying to, yes,” he replies, looking down again.
Nodding, Dean looks away. In fact, he closes his eyes, because his ass is exposed to his boss’s gaze, and really, he doesn’t need to continue on this trail of thought. Or else he’ll change his mind.
But before he can call Sam and start covering the streets with ‘lost’ posters, Cas reappears, with two popsicles in hand. With a goofy smile and a “Look what I found!” He hands one to Dean, and starts walking.
At first, Dean’s initial reaction is to shake his head ‘no’, to deny that Cas is right. But, however long and hard Dean thinks about it, he can’t see any proof that he’s wrong. And so, after a few, horribly long seconds of panic, a gush of desperation seems to run through him. He exhales his last hope, the movement of his head coming to a stop.
He closes his eyes. If he doesn’t see what’s happening, if he doesn’t acknowledge it, then maybe he can hope it’ll go away. Maybe he’ll wake up.
He doesn’t want to lose Dean. They’re best friends. They have secrets. Things nobody knows, not even the adults. Not even Sam, or Gabriel, or Michael, Castiel’s biggest brother. Like that time they kidnapped PawPaw, Mrs. Levowski’s cat, and did things to it. Teared out part of its fur, cut his ears, poked it with a pointed stick, the one Mother uses for the fireplace, until the cat stopped moving and the only thing left to do was set it on fire and bury it some place.
They tumble into the shower together, trading urgent kisses under the spray of lukewarm water. When Dean tries to fall to his knees to give Cas one last sample of his blowjob skills, Cas stops him. Instead, he pulls Dean into a tight embrace, soapy hands drawing patterns on his back.
Dean bursts out laughing as he looks back at Cas, who’s smiling too. He’s amused and… oh. Yeah. There’s something else in his eyes that has Dean’s insides twist pleasantly. His chest is hurting. Is this what being in love feels like? He never wants it to stop.
Dean hardens his stance, jaws grinding as he braces himself against the onslaught of rage and fury suddenly boiling inside him.
He hums, already absorbed in his notes. “Your client’s climax lasted eight seconds,” he turns a page, reads over her stats, “but yours was a surprising seventy-five seconds.” He looks up at her. Her smirk doesn’t bode well for him. “Was it something special that he did? Something you thought about?”
“I think… this could be feasible…” he says, but raises a finger when Amelia starts smiling like she just won the lottery. “But I want to meet them. I want to talk about it with them. I wouldn’t be comfortable doing this in a stranger’s back and then all of a sudden ask him for money.”
Dean manages to jump a little before Cas tackles him, and it’s lucky he did, or else he’s not sure they’d have landed on the bed.
But his mom is stepping out of their home, calling his name. “Dean, come inside! You said you’d help Dad arrange your room, remember?”
He has to remember to pick up the wine for tonight’s dinner, by the way, before going home. If he forgets he’ll never hear the end of it.
When Dean looks back at the screen, it’s the face of a buffy, peroxided blond guy that greets him. They lost.
It takes him barely a minute to get undressed and put on one of the robes they keep for their participants, and too soon, he’s stepping out from behind the modesty screen. Novak steps out of the other room at the same time.
First, he checks what’s being watched at the moment, but nothing seems interesting enough. He goes through the categories, and clicks ‘blowjobs’. He’s in the mood for blowjobs, he thinks. Hovering his pointer over the videos, he watches the small previews with a feeling of boredom. He sighs. Hesitates.
“Maybe another time,” he says with a regretful shrug, “I have stuff to do, and then I need to get my ass to work… you know how it is.”
Novak’s all sweet now. Professionally so. Dean hates it right away. When it’s directed at him, it feels so fake. He doesn’t say anything, though. He lets Novak hook him up, in the most impersonal way.
Cas surprises him by whining, a high pitched sound that resonate in the room, alongside the beeping of the machines.
Dean could kiss him right now. He’s never heard so many words coming out of Ash’s mouth at once, and it’s a bit surprising, but he won’t say anything about it.
“How long have you known him?” Castiel frowns. He knows it’s not what he wanted to ask, but the words escape him without his permission. “Don’t you know the name of the man you’re having sex with on a regular basis?”
“Alright,” he huffs. Sam’s cheeks color again, and he smiles, eager. “I… the study’s about Human Sexual Response,” he says in a wince, anticipating Sam’s reaction.
But they did it, they had sex without blockers, and it was sweat and messy and desperate and a whole host of other things Dean’s not ready to voice, even in his head.
So Cas goes on, “At first I thought you were holding back because of habits. You live with your brother, so I assumed you were so used to keeping silent that you couldn’t really let go. But when I realized Benny was talking about you and that he was describing a totally different person that I was used to seeing, I felt…” he trails off.
Throwing him his exasperated bitch face, Sam raises an eyebrow, “I was hexed. Not my fault. And we haven’t been since. Dude,” he blows out a breath, “don’t you miss it?”
Now, he’s just Castiel. If Dean’s thinks about what they’ve done in the lab, he can’t blame it all on him. Dean’s the one who suggested Cas try to wash his blockers away. If anything, they’re both a part of the problem.
He holds on to his mug like a lifeline, and ambles to the door, about to leave. Dean debates with himself for a millisecond. Should he let Sam go, selfishly, so that he can spend some quality time with Cas, or should he try to talk to his brother, who, somehow, is acting a bit weird? The kid never misses an opportunity to talk and chit-chat, and now he’s all but bolting out the door. This isn’t normal.
Dean had to hold himself on the mattress, letting go of Castiel’s wrists. Following the rhythm Cas was now setting, undulating under Dean like he was some kind of friggin’ merman, Dean tried his hardest not to let his mind go blank and enjoy this too much. He needed to be more or less clear-headed for this, dammit! It wasn’t long until Cas’s moans and his own filled the room and he felt the familiar ball of pleasure forming low in his guts, and he knew he was about to lose this round.
“I… ah, it’s a bit delicate. And I know this is going to seem a little inappropriate to talk about on the phone, but it’s been on my mind since I came home, and I can’t seem to shake it.”
He takes off his bowtie, his glasses, his undercoat and his shirt with precise efficiency, then scoops the water with a hand and washes his arms, chest and armpits. He’s no ducking his head under the water, Dean notes, but somehow Dean’s thankful for it. He doesn’t think he could handle a wet Cas right now, not when he’s discovering his jacked up runner body for the first time.
Well, Dean would like to keep the number of people who know about what happened to a minimum. IS Cas asking for his permission to tell her?
“What are you doing?” Sam asks. There’s some urgency to his voice, but Dean barely registers it. He’s suffocating. He needs to get out. “Come on, don’t be like that.”
It tells Dean everything he needs to know. Slowly, it dawns on him that something’s not right. A violent wave of nausea overtakes him, and he has to take the time to breathe for a second before he can look at Cas again. “What did you do?”
He tries to push back against Cas, but Cas tightens his grip on him, cutting Dean’s air just slightly, and he suddenly bottoms out and stops moving.
Frustrated, Dean leans back against his chair. He doesn’t know how to explain how he feels, and why this is all going nowhere and he doesn’t want to talk about it. “Nevermind. I just—I don’t know.” He shakes his head. “I’m uncomfortable. I don’t know why you insist on talking about me. This is not interesting.”
“Let me be very clear,” the Doc sighs. He leans over his desk, all serious and cold, fingers folding neatly against one another. “I am not looking for a lay, here. I’m a scientist. There’s no
With an adorable frown, Cas rolls his eyes before entering the car. Dean gives the hotel one last look. God, does he love Vegas!
“No,” the Doc sighs. “I’m saying if I had to choose, your name wouldn’t be first on the list. Or on the list at all, for that matter.”
Luckily, Cas was absent all morning, and he should be absent most of the afternoon. There’s nobody to tell him anything. He should really get a glass of water though. He’s just scared he’s going to puke it out.
There’s not much time to think of anything else, anyway, since the Doc’s focused on writing his report for the Board. They haven’t done anything else together. Novak decided that the knotting incident was enough of a revolutionary concept that it wouldn’t need a repeat. It’s enough for the report, he said, so Dean went with it.
He likes Amelia. He’s loved her at some point, he’s sure of it, but ever since he met Dean… well. It’s not the same. He knows he shouldn’t lead her on, but she seems happier these days, and he just can’t bring himself to put a stop to her dream.
He’s not brooding. He’s just not going to go out of his way to make small talk. And he certainly doesn’t need to know where Cas is going every time he leaves their shared office.
A beautiful watch, with a dark brown leather bracelet, a silver ring surrounding the watch in itself, and delicate looking silver hands.
Cas grabs onto Dean’s arm with one hand, the sound drowned by Dean’s heart beating violently in his ears, and burps in his face.
Sam doesn’t seem to know what to do either. He squeezes Dean’s shoulder, and Dean hears him go to the fridge, open it, get something out of it – beer, he’s almost sure – and coming back to sit in front of Dean.
They stare at each other for a few seconds, silently arguing. Dean nods toward Cas and frowns. Sam eyes the angel, and his anger seems to abate a little.
“Michael doesn’t have my problems? Oh, boy…” He’s still chuckling as he downs a good half of his beer. “You don’t know the first thing about Michael, Kiddo. He’s exactly like Dad.”
Alright. He’s waited enough. Nothing bad is going to happen, he firmly tells himself as he knocks on the door and pushes it open.
“Ah,” Graham lets out in a small laugh as he leans back in his leather chair, “that is exactly the question I was going to ask you. What can you do for me?”
He’s never been to Cas’s room. And it’s not that weird, seeing as nobody comes into his, and nobody goes into Sam’s. Everybody respects everyone else’s privacy. That’s how a good cohabitation works. Right?
Victor looks up and away from his computer. Reports. He hates them. Rufus Turner, his current boss, is staring at him, arms crossed over his chest.
As long as it stays inside his head, he’ll be fine. He can entertain all the fantasies he wants, as long as he doesn’t act on them. Fantasies are fine. Some would say they’re healthy.
“I don’t want you to—” He sighs. God, why is this so hard? “I’m not sure you’d want to date someone like me. To be associated with me I mean.”
But this feels good. He feels better than he has in months. Of course, he’s sad to be leaving this job, but there’s something telling him it’s the right thing to do.
Did… did the Doc just asked him to do it to… what? Gather some fantasies about Dean? Rile Dean up? What?
First, to shut Cas up, because he was getting angry and Dean doesn’t want him to work himself up because he’s getting the wrong ideas. Also, Dean has to admit that he was starting to panic seeing Cas react this way, and so he had to make him stop.
“I would agree with Dean,” Cas nods, sagely. “First,” he starts, before Sam can say anything else, “You are absolutely not qualified to participate in anything remotely scientific.”
“No. No, it’s just…” He blinks. He remembers he’s standing naked in the woods. Anybody could see. “We should go back home.”
After that, his courage deserts him. Who can blame him though? He’s in heat. He’s rightfully exhausted.
Currently, Dean’s trying not to think about his date with Aaron while he’s going through his notebook and compiling their former clients’ details.
It’s kind of fun to watch Cas do his thing, though. To see how comfortable he is, how his persona changes in front of the camera. Yes, Dean’s really curious to know how it all started.
Castiel can hear the slight reproach in her question, but pretends he doesn’t. She can’t understand the work, so he never even tried to explain. She would probably be so scandalized she would involve Castiel’s mother in this to convince him to stop, and he can’t have that.
Mental note made, he starts fucking Cas harder, with a strange sense of renewed enthusiasm. He’s too focused on finding the pleasure spot inside of Cas to do anything with his cock for now, but if the way Cas writhes under him is any indication, Cas doesn’t seem to mind too much.
“I know you’re not that close, but he’s been here for a couple of months, now. You could maybe get closer—”
He also has to see Amelia on Sunday for tea, and he doesn’t know how he’ll react. Frankly, he’s a little scared.
“Clearly you don’t,” she answers coldly. “I’m not worried about now, I’m worried about the future! About the house, about our credit!”
He can’t admire the sight for long, though, because the familiar twitch of a coming orgasm ripples through his lower belly, and, he reminds himself, he needs to hold on for the camera.
“I know, Doc. I’ve been here the whole time we’re conducted the study, you know,” Dean answers, looking him up through hooded eyelids. “Move!”
Because, yes, this is nice. They start a reasonable distance from each other, but as their lips keep working against each other, their bodies seem to shimmy over to one another without them even thinking about it.
Castiel stops at the door, trying to brace himself. He’s going to see some images he doesn’t want to see, but he needs to haul Gabriel out of his daze.
He jerks his attention back to the phone pressed against his ear. Shit. He doesn’t remember what he wanted to say.
Beside that fact, Cas has been trying to be more open with them ever since he and Dean talked. It’s a good thing, at least, but Dean learned not to push it. Sam says Cas needs to work things out in his own time, and, for once, Dean agrees.
It’s not that Castiel doesn’t like it. It just feels like he’s talking to a five year old. And he hates kids.
The first time he slides home, it ignites the need and pleasure inside of Dean again with so much force that Dean chokes on a breath.
His smell is getting pretty potent, overpowering everything. Except the Doc’s scent, who, when Dean manages to get a whiff, could almost rival his own in how good it smells to him. And the two scents together? It’s something else.
Dean is just finishing writing down their new Alpha’s private info on a little card, that they’ll then archive inside a safe in the Doc’s office, when the Doc hums, as he does when he gets an idea, and Dean has to bite his lips not to ask what’s up. Not that he doesn’t want to, obviously, but he’s still pissed at Novak. He won’t give in now.
And Cas stops at that, looking down. Yes, it’s actually wrapped around Dean’ dick, and Dean start to cry with laughter.
This last one surprised him. Dean had warned him that Graham was a smug bastard, but Castiel didn’t believe him at the time, thinking it was just Dean being a bit sensitive. He hadn’t noticed, the few times he saw the doctor in passing. But seeing him every day, he now sees things that only prolonged periods of time spent with him could have uncovered.
He gets up abruptly, taking three steps toward Dean, until they’re a few inches from having to go cross-eyed to be able to see each other. Dean wants to step back, but his pride won’t let him. He holds the Doc’s gaze.
“Okay, great,” Dean answers. He wipes his sweaty palms on his pants. “Do we have… stuff, to take samples?”
Cas opens his eyes. The Look of Doom is back full force. Dean preens under it, a lopsided smile permanently glued to his face.
Cas stares. Licks his lips. “I suspected you wouldn’t be able to pull the trigger,” he finally whispers, eyes darting away for a quarter of a second.
When his verbal diarrhea finally stops, he’s breathing like he just ran a marathon, and Castiel can do nothing but raise an eyebrow at him.
“It’s a fairly popular porn site,” Cas answers, very seriously. “And it also has a whole ‘gay’ section. Maybe we could interest a few bi-curious people in the process.”
Opening his mouth a little more, Dean deepens the kiss. Cas exhales at that. Overwhelmed, Dean shiver a little.
And he misses his body and his smell and the way they fit together as if they were made for each other.
Every single move he makes is agony. His cock jumps every time his pants brush against it, which is to say all the time, and finishing making the bed turns into a matter of life or death.
Dean’s mind draws a blank at that. Sometimes the Doc can be a little cryptic. “You mean what sets them off when they come from, uh, say nipple stimulation, or… or pain?”
It’s dark inside, they didn’t dare turn on the lights. Outside, the moon is high, but its light is hidden under the blue and red lights of the approaching police cars. Castiel suspects there’s a whole department coming after them, the sound of sirens coming closer and closer, making his heart rate shoot up.
“You know I meet with my friends every Tuesday,” Naomi shrugs. “One of them also happens to be the Provost wife. You mother,” she says to Doc Adler.
Cas is making these delicious broken noises, like his pleasure is too much for him to handle. Like he’s putting so much energy into fucking Dean that his voice is giving out under the strength of it.
Dean huffs, “You can’t shut up when we’re getting down to business and now you don’t wanna talk about it?”
“I’m not really mad,” he finally says, pulling out a chair and falling heavily into it. “It’s just… it surprised me.”
With slow, careful movements, he takes the study’s scheduling files out from his desk drawer, takes out a new session’s sheet, and starts writing.
Speaking of Sam, Dean’s brother is lounging on the couch when Dean gets home to their tiny one bedroom apartment, reading something about astrophysics that gives Dean a headache just by looking at it.
“And second,” Dean goes on as if he wasn’t interrupted, “I barely managed to finish high school. I don’t think I’ll be able to follow the program, anyway.”
“Alright, what if, huh,” he rubs the back of his neck, “God, I can’t believe I’m about to say this, but what if I riled this guy up, huh?” he points at Ash. “What if you could smell him? Maybe it would help?”
How is Dean going to break the news to Cas? He’s so fucked. As if he needed this, he thinks as he continues pacing in front of their office. It’s like life has been shitting on him for the last two weeks. And now the biggest turd of all has just fallen on his head.
Well, if he’s honest, just looking at Cas and picturing him doing unspeakable things to Dean makes him wet. But that’s not what’s important right now.
Dean hears him rummaging around in the room, and a moment later, he reappears, clipboard and pen in one hand, dragging
He bats Cas’s injured hand away from his own, wincing at the small noise of pain he swallows from Cas’s mouth, but ignores it in favor of giving him the best orgasm of his life. He’ll apologize later.
And, alright, Dean’s guilt is back now. But, he reasons with himself, whether Cas stays with her or not, she’ll be miserable. If Cas stays, she’ll be miserable forever.
But what good would it do? He can’t explain what happened with Graham, and he very clearly cannot tell her why he’s so short-tempered these days.
He keeps going like this for what feels like a long time, but Dean doesn’t mind. He absolutely loves having Cas’s dick in his mouth. For some reason, it’s really smooth with no weird hairs, or at least not too much, and not on the shaft, which Dean hates. Benny was a bear of a man, in more ways than one. But Cas is just perfect in that respect. Soft, warm, beautiful.
“Or lovers,” Pam suggests, looking up. Victor raises an eyebrow at her. “Come on, it makes more sense,” she continues, “They fuck in secret. When Dean’s missing the taste of pussy, Castiel punishes the girl. And Dean at the same time.”
His thoughts slowly melt away. The orgasm is right there, pooling in his groin. He can’t help it, he has to reach down to grab himself.
Dean can do nothing but stare at him for a moment. “Damn,” he says. “You think about everything, don’t you?”
Dean lets out a breathy, silent laugh, and his left hand pushes Cas’s underwear down, slowly, as his right hand, still under Cas’s, reaches for the crown of Cas’s cock.
“I know, alright?” Dean goes on. “I know I don’t have any qualification, so who gives a toss about my opinion, right? That’s what you try to tell yourself, but you know I’m right most of the time.”
“What? I’m just being realistic. I don’t mean to upset anyone…” she looks at Dean to gauge his reaction, “but it’s the truth.”
Dean’s very proud of himself. He slides the undershirt up his chest, revealing his skin. “Would you say it could withstand two grown men jumping on it?”
Graham smiles creepily again. “Oh but you are! I can tell… so tell me, what is it? What’s holding you back?”
Hunter’s impatience,” Cas coos, pouting at the screen. Dean’s face heats up at the words.  “I’m not going to let him suffer for too long, then, since it’s his first time.”
Dean lets his hands rest on Castiel’s hips, slowly, reverently. He strokes the skin there with his thumbs, his eyes never leaving Castiel’s length.
Castiel loves Mary. Mother is always at work, ever since Father left. So Mary is like his second mom. Castiel doesn’t know why Father left, but Mother won’t talk about it. Michael wouldn’t either, and Gabriel always says there are things Castiel better stop asking about, because he won’t like the answer, if someone ever gives it to him. Father left when Castiel was a year and a half old, so he doesn’t remember him at all. But Gabriel was almost seven, and Michael was ten. They remember. Castiel is a bit jealous of them for it. But John is nice enough, and Castiel spends enough time at the Winchesters that he considers him like a second dad, too.
Soon, they’re climbing up the steps to reach the balustrade, then to leave the ballroom. The entry hall is deserted at this time of the evening, still, but Cas keeps going, until they’re hidden from view in a hidden corner of the hall, behind some giant Greek-style columns.
He’s so tired. Pam looks like she want to say something, and Victor waits, but nothing comes out. They stand next to each other for a good while, until the cigarette is gone, smashed under the sole of her shoe.
Truth is, he’s getting bored. Coming to work is starting to become a chore, and the last thing he wants to do is having to go job hunting again. The Study was interesting. It’s almost like nothing will ever be able to top it in terms of interesting content. Dean knows himself. He’s an impatient, impulsive guy.
He should really get to it before Cas changes his mind. Doesn’t mean he can’t tease, just a little, even though Cas asked him not to.
Here comes the annoyed sigh. Dean ignores it and strolls to the bedroom, peeling off his shirt and tosses it on his bed.
Cas’s eyebrows rise up, almost imperceptibly, and Dean thinks he can detect the ghost of a smile on his lips. “Okay?”
Lubing up his fingers while sucking Cas off is proving a bit more difficult than he anticipated, but he doesn’t let that get in the way. Truth is, he’s so excited that he’s shaking. It could almost feel like anxiety, if he didn’t know how to read his own physiological signs of arousal. He’s also surrounded by Cas’s smell, his pheromones, as blockers are never sprayed on genitals, and Cas has been sweating and leaking pre-cum for about a quarter of an hour by now.
“This hospital is my domain,” Balthazar shrugs with a smile. “You know Daddy wouldn’t let them fire me.”
And of course Cas noticed that he was being moody, and that it was different from the Break Up sulking Dean’s been doing.
“Here,” she slides the file she was reading toward him, and scoots closer, dragging her chair along with her. “Remember our very first murder on this case? Rhonda Hurley?” Victor nods. “Guess who her boyfriend was at the time,” she goes on. It’s not a question. They both know it.
Looking down on himself, he pulls at the collar of his plaid shirt, wondering what layers are considered ‘too much’.
“I’m so sorry,” she says. ‘Mortified’ doesn’t begin to describe what she looks like right now. “I, I don’t know why I said that. I’m sorry!”
“I pulled a muscle in my thigh,” Cas says, rolling his right sleeve up. There’s a bandage around his wrist, “and I hurt my hand.” His head tilts on the side, probably because he’s starting to wonder what’s up with Dean. “I can’t do what I usually do anymore. People are starting to ask questions. The income is comfortable, and I don’t want to lose my audience, so I need help.”
Dean nods. Truth is, he already feels less anxious now that Cas is here. He doesn’t know if he could’ve held on until the evening.
If this is how it is with someone he’s bonded with, he suddenly regrets not having goaded Benny into biting him.
The orgasm is right there, it swirls and swirls from his ass to the pit of his stomach, growing bigger and bigger until it’s right there.
A crackle of statics breaks through the silence, the speaker of Cas’s laptop so shitty it makes it sound like a gunshot.
“Don’t go on too many dates, then,” Dean snorts. “You’ll turn into a regular suburban husband if you’re not careful.”
And, obviously, judging by the way Sam’s pacing around nervously while Dean and Cas are sitting on his bed, Dean’s not about to get his wish.
Dean tries to relax, leaning back against the headboard. The video’s forty-five minutes long. It’s gonna be a hoot…
So that’s what it’s all about. Dean feels his shoulders relax a little. He wasn’t even aware he’s been tense. “Honestly, Cas, I’m fine,” he laughs. “You can keep it. I don’t mind.”
For the first time since he arrived, his shoulders relax, his jaw unclenches. The annoyance has dissipated as he ate, only leaving exhaustion and sadness in its trail.
“Tell me what would make this better,” he blurts. “Because I honestly don’t know and I don’t want you to leave if you’re still angry with me.”
Dean continues. “We need more participants but the Provost won’t let us advertise the study. So only way to go forward is by word of mouth. And until we get someone, uh… respectable,” Adler rolls his eyes at the word, “on board, then we won’t be able to push it further.”
“Good,” the Doc nods. He’s attaching his wires again. Two to his temples, two to his chest, two to the place where thighs meet hips. “Shall we go on?”
Jack hesitates. “I’m not sure. I think he used his last strengths to put us in a trance? Like a dream. So we wouldn’t fight anymore.” He looks down, focused for a couple of seconds, before looking up and smiling. “But we got out. It’s real. We’re back!”
Castiel almost melts on the spot. He doesn’t show it, of course, either on his face, or in the tone of his voice. He tries to sound as stern as he usually does.
Ash pushes himself up, and closes the distance between him and Dean before Dean can say anything. The kiss is small, almost chaste, if not for Ash’s tongue poking at Dean’s mouth. Dean hums in the kiss, trying to show Adler he’s enjoying it. First he need to relax enough to be able to enjoy it, knowing that Novak is watching them.
Christ. Will his cheeks stop heating up already? He’s like an open book when it comes to shame. Oh, but he can picture it. Every single one of these positions he can see, clear as day in his mind, with him in place of a partner. Novak pounding his ass from behind, leaving bruises on his hips, while Dean drools into the cushions.
Dean gets a whiff of annoyance drifting from him. The clerk’s not wearing any blockers, and he’s a very pissed off Alpha, apparently. What’s he’s angry about, Dean can’t say. In any case, Dean didn’t think you could smell entitlement, but there it is.
Ducking behind a car, he takes a peek above the hood to get a better view of the office. The door is open, probably to let in some air. The cops, the big, black guy and the brunette lady, are showing pictures to the old guy behind the desk. The guy nods, and that’s enough for Dean. He hides behind the car again, cursing himself.
Cas shakes his head, but his frown doesn’t leave his face. “I don’t see why this would be an emotional trigger. Money is not something she takes care of, usually.”
So, yeah. Catching up sounds like a great idea for now. This is not a date until someone says it is. And Dean definitely won’t say it.
Dean is paralyzed, his brain coming to a stop. All he can do is look at the camera, an awkward smile frozen on his lips.
“I was so under the delusion that, that humans were primitive,” he scoffs, not listening to Dean, so caught up in his feelings it’s like he can’t stop talking. “That I truly believed being one would be easy.”
“We’re sorry to be the ones to inform you that Lisa Braeden died about three or four days ago,” Barnes lets out with a sigh.
Suddenly serious, Gabriel stares at him, for what seem to be long minutes. He thinks about it, and Castiel can see the moment he makes a decision. He puts down his beer on the coffee table.
He glances toward the laundry room, but there’s not sign that Amelia is going to come out any time soon. The door is closed.
Dean snorts. Castiel runs a hand through his hair. He needs Dean to understand that all he does, everything he’s done since he’s four has been for him. “I love you,” he tries. And he sounds a little too desperate, even to his own ears.
“Yeah,” Dean answers, looking down on his notes, “but if we’re going to make a flyer. We’re gonna have to cut some of this out.”
“And you asked me why we moved so far away from my Mom and Dad’s families and I didn’t want to answer?”
Dean chuckles, Cas’s hand on his shoulder tightens around the muscle, and, suddenly, Sam’s in his face. Well, not
Why the fuck does it affect him that much? He was proud of being a sexual person before. With Benny, he loved being called a slut.
Dean makes a quick mental note of it, because this seems important not only for the Study, but also for future occurrences of role reversal. He knew it was a thing for male omegas, that the prostate doubled as a ‘pleasure button’, but he didn’t think it was the case for Alphas as well. This is very interesting…
“Ah. I was… seventeen. Sixteen? No, seventeen.” Benny licks his lips, his eyes clearly shifting to the side in reminiscence. There’s something secretive about the smile on his lips, too. “She was a friend. My best friend at the time, really. We weren’t dating, per say, but we were always together. So one night… I guess we had a coupla’ beers, went out to the drive-in to watch a movie, and the rest is history.”
With a sigh, the clerk drops his pen, giving Dean his full, uninterested attention. “What do you want to know?” he drawls.
Sometimes, in moments like this, he wishes he could go back to before he applied for the position under Cas. He wishes he has stayed bartending and never discovered how good he was as a secretary, that way he wouldn’t have to miss it.
Dean is not one to boast but, if he might say so himself, he’s doing a pretty damn good job as Castiel’s secretary.
He’s strangely angry all of a sudden. All he wanted was to have a nice chat, but of course Cas is going to turn it into an opportunity to show off his superior brain.
Novak drums his fingers on the table, seemingly thinking. Dean lets him, for a couple of seconds. When it’s clear the Doc doesn’t have any other name in mind, Dean moves to get out.
His body’s tingling all over as he laughs at Cas’s quip – If he can call it that – and it emboldens him just enough to cock an eyebrow at Cas and turn them around.
“We’ll do as much as you’re comfortable with,” Cas finally says. “But I want you to understand it’s not all about the money.”
Dean opens his mouth to answer, a resounding ‘yes, and?’ on the tip of his tongue, until he realizes that it’s true.
Cas knows, of course, that this is Dean’s favorite thing in the whole world. But he also knows that it’s frustrating like this, because Dean can’t see, can’t watch Cas’s tongue flick against his skin in the punishing rhythm he’s setting now, can’t see his chin and cheeks shiny with slick and spit.
Cas sighs. Finally, a sign of life! “Are you about to tell me you have a terminal illness?” Cas looks blearily at him, “Because if so, I would like to finish my coffee first. I’m not awake enough for this.”
? He wonders if it’s just him, getting anxious all by himself, or if she’s really that arrogant that her bias don’t have to be voiced to be understood.
He keeps bouncing. God help him, he keeps bouncing until the little bursts of pleasure are further and further apart, disappearing in a trail of goosebumps rising up his arms.
He feels trapped and he wants to do something, anything that could help change his circumstances, but he doesn’t know what.
, is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but Cas’s words come back to him, or rather the feeling he got when the angel told him he was loving and kind. A fresh wave of tears slip down his cheeks. He opens his mouth to talk but he can’t, not yet, and he closes it, and waits until the tears stop.
“I didn’t say that,” she bristles. “But most wouldn’t be surprised to discover that I faked my climax tonight. Just saying, Doc.”
“I…” he hesitates for a moment, waiting to see if she’s going to shut him down. She doesn’t. “I wish there was something I could do to help. I’m sorry.”
The apartment is dark, as it usually is. It’s also silent, which means either Gabriel isn’t home yet, or he’s having a self-pity session all alone in his room. Whichever it is, it’s not good for Castiel.
Novak nods, “Yes, but the amount I produce isn’t much, I believe as a result of the frequency of my activities.”
“I don’t know how you would be,” Balthazar insists. The spark in his eyes is back, it seems, and it’s glinting more dangerously than before. “I mean… with that piece of candy,” he points to the door. He means
Castiel grunts and surges up, lips crashing into Dean’s. He works at his belt as he does. Dean can’t help but smile into the kiss.
“Sometimes he had Michael do stuff instead of him. He just sat there and watched, the fucking perv…”
Under it is a box, with ‘positions’ written on it. He doesn’t fill it in, since the Doc never said what they’d try.
He can’t help it. This kind of looks like the way Dean jerks off himself, except for the position. The good Doc insists on their participants lying on their back, for now. Dean would probably be on his hands and knees, easier to imagine someone fucking him this way—
Novak finally relaxes against the car, chewing on his lips. He’s considering, eyes lost at his feet. The frown on his brow tells Dean he’s thinking way harder than he should, really.
“At a friend’s,” Dean slurs. “He ne’er stays when… I’m. Yeah. He goes. Always. He says it’s disgustin’ to see me hump the furniture.”
Dean nods. Takes off his robe. Lies down on the bed. Novak settles between his legs, and Dean looks up at the ceiling. He’s going to puke.
Cas smiles reassuringly, waiting him out. “That can happen. But I’ll do my best to provide some relief.”
“I understand you’re in pain, but so far there’s nothing telling me you’re in danger,” he says as he helps Dean up.
Well. Maybe he can cook himself something fat and delicious, and commiserate on his own with a good book.
And, okay, this worked, because the anxiety that’s been eating at him since they entered the room has dissipated. But now he’s more uncomfortable than anything else, surprisingly not because they’re both naked -- Cas still kneeling in between Dean’s spread legs, massaging his torso -- but rather because Cas never opens up, and this looks like it’s what he’s doing right now.
Slowly, as Cas puts the final touches to his set up, Dean takes off his pants, and shirt, taking the time to fold them carefully before facing Cas again. “Right.”
They stare at each other for a moment, standing at the door. They both want to kiss each other, that much is clear.
As Dean started eating him out, the small part of his brain that was still functioning kept thinking about all this. He figured, Cas was a sort of… heavenly General, so it was normal behavior for him to be a tad bossy. That could explain a thing or two, maybe. And he was thoroughly enjoying his new found free will. At the expense of Dean, yes, but Dean liked it. He couldn’t lie. He liked the way Cas moaned like he meant it, as Dean plunged his tongue inside him, when Dean knew he was just imitating various porn stars he saw in what he called his ‘personal instruction videos’ to make Dean go faster. Because Cas being Cas, that’s how he behaved: he learned human things by imitating others, trying things without shame and that was part of the things Dean loved about him. He knew the first human Cas imprinted on was himself. Every time he thought about that he felt a warmth spread from his heart through all of his body. Some things Cas learned from Dean weren’t really healthy, so Dean had to be careful. He thought he owed Castiel some good. And if it meant following orders in bed, well…
“You’re talking about Dean. I’m working,” Castiel tries to go back to his paperwork, but Balthazar hit a cord.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes into the phone, relief coursing through him. “I… I need you, I’m sorry. I can’t—“
They hold each other’s gaze for a fraction of a second, before Dean gets distracted by Cas’s mouth. His eyes quickly stop on it, and he licks his lips, almost unconsciously.
His heartbeat rises, at the same time as heat comes up to his face. “Please. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t…”
He doesn’t seem like he is at first glance, he’s willing to admit that. But what he does in life, everything that he does, in fact, in life, has been in the pursuit of passion.
Dean laughs, eyes locked on the toad. He lights his lighter, and brings the flame close to the toad. “They’re not jails, they’re like boarding schools, except you can’t go out.”
He doesn’t know why this touches him so much. Is it the first time Cas has said he missed him just for him, and not his good work? He doesn’t think so. He doesn’t know.
“You mean why are you a narcissistic pervert? Cassie, why am I an incapable, pathetic, unemployed porn addict? You know there’s one answer to that and I’m pretty sure you don’t wanna hear it.”
Dean sighs. “Come on, give me some credit here. I know what we’re doing. You don’t need to baby me.”
Castiel settles on the bed, and, with a small hesitation, grabs Dean’s bottle of beer, and downs it in one go, putting the bottle back on the nightstand. Dean raises his eyebrows at him, but Castiel ignores him, cocking his own weapon. The sound of it echoes in the small motel room. It sounds final.
With the same sad smile still perfectly in place, Castiel huffs out a long breath, thumbs gently running on Dean’s hands where they’re linked with his own. “You need to let go, Dean. It’s the only way.”
The warmth of his skin is even greater there, and Dean can almost feel the head of his dick like a phantom touch to his knuckles. He’s so close. Instinctively, he licks his lips, and Cas’s eyes catch the movement. In answer, he tilts his head back, spreading his legs.
Dean and Castiel are not part of the same world, here. Castiel is way too advanced for all the classes they teach in this school, for one thing. But he won’t move on to college without Dean. Dean is very smart, too. But Castiel thinks he plays dumb on purpose. If he wanted, he could skip all the classes they want to make Castiel skip. But he doesn’t. Dean likes the football team, likes the attention it brings on him. And being too smart when you’re part of any of the sports team is not seen well by anyone, not even the teachers. A bunch of stupid assholes, if you ask Castiel.
“Yep.” Benny’s eyes shift to Dean. “Beds are fine, though. It was just…” he comes back to Cas, “spur of the moment.”
At two in the afternoon, Cas calls it quit. He tells Meg he’ll come back next Sunday, and off they go. Dean’s hungry as hell, his stomach groaning and gurgling so loudly that Cas offers to invite him out for lunch.
Whatever Cas will say will be what Dean needs to hear, and he can’t wait to feel right again, and not in this constant state of doubts.
“Dean,” Cas calls when Dean moves away to get out of the car, his hand moving down from Dean’s face to his shoulder. “Before you go…” he says, and Dean makes an effort to look him in the eye, once again.
“So, tell me,” Cas says as they wait for their burgers, folding his fingers under his chin, “what is your favorite class so far?”
Slowly, as if Dean’s own body is working against him, a smile fights its way to his lips. This is just—this is insane. Cas loves him. Like,
It’s reassuring, at least, that Sam agrees with him. He feels validated. He’ll never tell Sam, but, usually, he likes to know that his brother agrees with him when he really wants to do something.
Dean walks up to the clerk, hoping the little asshole is just a bit shy or something, because he’s not in the mood for this. His anxiety is already chewing on his insides, he doesn’t need anger mixed up in it as well.
There’s no room for protest or any other questions, so the journalist nods, and moves away. Dean doesn’t know if he should thank Sam or slap him, seeing as how much he seems to be enjoying making Dean uncomfortable. They’re moving, though. He doesn’t have time to think too much about it.
There’s still a line of tension pulling at Dean’s spine, but thankfully, Sam’s annoyance is playful this time. The frown on his brow disappears almost as soon as it appeared.
He lets him empty himself, before bending over to push the mic’s button. “Very good. Now you’ll need to keep your partner at the same level of excitement while you wait for your resolution phase to pass.”
Cas is not angry, surprisingly. After what Dean told him, he just laid there, eyes dry, clinging to Dean as if Dean was his last chance to feel human. Which is probably true. They’re on the run, now. Dean can’t believe he let that happen, but his desire for revenge was so strong he can’t really regret it. Not even now.
He stretches like a cat, both hands gripping one last time at Dean’s hips like he needs the support before sliding up to Dean’s chest. His thumbs graze Dean’s nipples, just a little tease, and he slides his hands down again.
“You should give up right now, I’m sure Mrs. Charmain will let you sign up to her cooking class if you ask nicely,” Ankler sneers.
Cas moves to step back, but Dean catches his arm from behind, and, when he’s sure Cas won’t leave, brings the arm around his waist.
But Dean’s not a doctor, he can’t examine anyone, and they haven’t started compiling anything for the omega data just yet, because they need the prostitutes VD-free if they want viable information.
He feels fragile, and weak, and exhausted from holding back the tears. He feels vulnerable. He feels stupid. He feels alone.
Still frozen in place, with his rose in hand, Cas keeps staring. The surprised expression on his face doesn’t melt away, and Dean grows increasingly uncomfortable.
He’s going to do it once they’re inside. The kiss. It’ll be romantic as fuck. He’ll let Cas shower, or at least clean up a bit, and he’ll light some candles. Yes. On the balcony. So that they can kiss under the stars.
He doesn’t want to think about the fact that his brother is going to leave by the end of the summer. First, because he has other things to think about, and second because Sammy is like a part of him, and imagining what it will actually be like to lose him would be like trying to imagine what it’d be like to lose a limb.
Meg settled them in one of their ‘fuck room’, as she called it. It’s small and surprisingly doesn’t smell of sweat and bodily fluid, but Dean is still uncomfortable, even if he hasn’t touched any of the furniture. Cas looks right at home, though. As if this is any other exam room.
So Dean does. Go for it, that is. He slams his hips forward, because, unlike women Dean could’ve picked up in a bar, Cas is well built, and Dean knows he can take it. He seems to enjoy it, too, if the sounds he’s making are any indication.
When Cas arrives, he drops some groceries in the kitchen for later before joining Dean in his room. Then he takes off his clothes saved for his underwear, because he insists on them eating before they do anything more strenuous than trading hand jobs when he barely got there. They usually kiss for a while, and end their little greetings with the aforementioned hand jobs.
“Guys, I’m almost ready,” Sam calls after them. There’s a camera set up on a tripod, that Dean recognizes as Cas’s, and another one with a giant lens in his hands.
“Hm, that sucks,” Dean sighs. They all turn to him. “I mean, your boss fucked you over more than once, and you still want to go running back to that asshole?”
And this turned into this weird… whatever this is where Dean pretends to be a petulant omega and Cas his stern, commanding Alpha.
And with that, there’s nothing much left to say. Dean guesses Cas is gonna want to drive him home now, and Dean can’t. He can’t face Sam.
“There’s no chance you could call Cas or give me his secretary’s number without knowing why, I’m guessing…”
Sue him, he’s a bit annoyed. Maybe he’s looking for a fight. Maybe. Anything to let out the pent up energy that’s been running under his skin ever since
He can’t even find it in himself to be mad about it. For once, he’s actually glad Sammy got involved. It got him right where he needed to be. In Cas’s arms.
“Ah,” Cas smiles, “I see you’re all against me.” Breathing out a dramatic sigh, he leans back against Dean again. “If I read you correctly, I’m the one who should be punished,” he muses.
She crosses her arms in front of her chest, and to Dean it looks more like she’s hugging herself than anything else.
“This lady says she’s Doctor Novak’s mother,” the secretary sighs, and Dean knows exactly how she feels.
. I have standards. As long as I know it’s not true, that I’m not a-a home wrecker, then I’m good. They can say whatever they want. But the second we cross that line—”
“This is worse than I feared,” Castiel mumbles. He pushes Dean on his back again, takes on his widest alpha stance, and grabs Dean by the hair so he’ll have to look him in the eye. “Dean. I said no!”
Cas folds his fingers together, clearly hesitant. “Do you… do you remember the day you came to fetch my notes?”
Cas’s stare is perfectly calm, verging on judgmental, “Not anymore. And even if I was, I don’t see what it has to do with the situation.”
Finally, she lets out a breath, and reaches in her pocket, an air of defeat around her. She pulls a pack of cigarettes out of her raincoat. Victor refrains from voicing his disapproval. If it helps her, he’ll let her have it. Just this once.
“I just…” he sighs, thinking of how to end his sentence. He settles for a part of the truth. “I felt bad.”
A minute or so later, Dean emerges from his room, wearing some old pajama pants and a Motorhead t-shirt, blinking like he’s not really awake and scratching the back of his head.
He doesn’t want to say that for the first time in a while, he feels interested. He’s missed the feeling. Classes aren’t as fun as they used to be in the beginning. Everything else is just boring. Not the clinic, never the clinic, of course, but they don’t have the funds to do that full time.
“Amelia’s out tonight,” Cas answers, like he knows what Dean’s thinking. His free hand comes up to Dean’s face, and he tentatively takes Dean’s chin between his thumb and index finger. “At a friend’s. She won’t be home until late.”
“No. It’s gotten worse. It hurts, now. When I’m not touching it hurts. Please, you have to help me…”
And because there’s nothing else he can do, really, he steals another kiss from Cas, deepening it. He wants to forget, wants Cas to make him forget with hot presses of tongue and clever fingers. He rubs his crotch against Cas’s middle, signaling his intention. He’s not hard, not yet. How could he be? But he knows that if he focuses, and if Cas gives it to him good, then he will be soon.
Five fricking years, and Victor Henriksen worked his ass off to prove to his boss that he could deal with a case of his own. But working for the FBI isn’t a walk in the park. According to his colleagues, there’s no way he’ll be a lead inspector for another five to ten years. Because he’s too young, they say. But he’s pretty sure it’s because he’s too
He doesn’t know why it feels so different right now. It doesn’t seem as bizarre to imagine they could meet and see each other just for the hell of it.
“Dean, this is Doug Hoffmann, CEO of Gazo’o’Matic,” Cas says as Dean shakes hands with the guy on the left, “and Doctor Howard Graham,” the guy on the right, “he’s a surgeon at Mercy’s. I was just explaining the brunt of our research.”
But Cas, actual, living, breathing Cas next to him, is staring at him instead of the screen, like he just had the greatest revelation since the dawn of time. “We could market it as if we were a couple,” he says, drowning the moans and whimpers of his double on screen. “People love amateur work. If we pretend to document our sex life, we could get more views!”
Castiel starts making those noises without wanting to. He’s lost. Heat comes to his face, to his chest, and between his legs. When Dean wraps his hand around the both of them, he almost loses it. Something weird is happening, something big, inside of him, a big electric storm inside his lower belly and he’s half scared, half fascinated.
The journalist laughs, but Dean’s already tuning him out, because Cas is staring at him, and he’s bringing his face closer, and, oh yes! His lips are touching Dean’s, and they’re kissing again.
When Graham first asked Castiel to give lectures to his colleagues about the Study in exchange for the job, Cas had actually been flattered. Turns out all they wanted was to gather enough information to satisfy their lecherous curiosity. They had the gall to be disappointed when Castiel told them he didn’t have any pictures. One of them even asked if he had any sessions on film!
Dean’s forehead hits the table in a gesture of desperation before he can even think of holding it back, and he grunts as it bounces on the polished wood. “I can’t believe it,” he whispers. Then he pushes himself up. He’s pretty sure there’s a bright red spot on his forehead now. “Why me?”
And yeah, hearing that makes Dean’s cock stir inside his slacks despite the cold, but there’s also an uneasy feeling that grips his chest at the words, and it won’t go away.
Cas nods, “Would you say that most of your partners are loud, like he is? Is this a preference of yours?”
For what feels like a long minute, Amelia busies herself with her cooking. Turning on her fancy stove, taking a couple of platters out of the fridge and arranging some hors-d’oeuvre on another plate, before pushing them inside the oven to heat them up.
Victor considers it. Maybe she is tired. Or maybe she’s right. She usually is. It’s like she’s got a sixth sense or something. “Okay.”
She wants to talk, he realizes as he blinks stupidly at the display. God only knows what it’s about, but he’s really not up to it.
He trails off. What is it? Why is this still bothering him, he wonders, because it shouldn’t be a problem.
He almost falls into Cas, legs shaking like he weighs a ton. “Cas,” he whispers. The supplicant tone of his voice makes him cringe, but he can’t help it.
Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed when Dean barges in. He looks calm, collected. The TV is off, and the curtains are drawn. The eerie silence, the strangeness of the scene stops Dean dead in his tracks.
Castiel smiles back, stretching languidly, neck arching like a beautiful cat. He presses a kiss to Dean’s chest. “I love you,” he breathes.
“Let me finish. The Study part of our work would usually happen at the end of the day. So, you know, we watch people have sex, we get horny. In our own little corner, alright?” He says precipitately. “Nothing untoward happened between us. But… blockers tend to fail after a long day. So we couldn’t help smelling each other. Sometimes.”
“Of course, you don’t,” Graham nods. “But you will, don’t you worry. Allow me to tell you a little story, hm? It won’t be too long, I promise.”
Ever since Dean’s been working with him again – it’s been almost three weeks – Cas has been nothing but nice.
Dean doesn’t answer. She steps closer, until she’s standing next to him, almost too close, and he has no choice but to face her if he doesn’t want to seem impolite. It occurs to him as he watches her now, with no smile, no mask of polite attention, that he’s truly seeing her for the first time.
He thinks maybe it’s the fact that he’s been wanting Cas for so long that makes this whole moment so unreal and amazing, now that he finally has him. A tsunami of goosebumps rise up from his wrists to his biceps as he takes in the sight.
What the hell was he thinking? Cas is the love of his life. He has to touch him, to have him in his arms. He has to worship him to the best of his ability or else he thinks he might die.
“Alright. Sounds fun. You wanna come home early before dinner and we can go out? Maybe catch a movie?”
“That what?” Zachariah finally looks up at him, a sneer on his face. “That you’d spend, what was it?” He looks down at the report, “Fifty percent of your research time on Omegas climaxing? And for what? You think the medical community is interested in knowing that Omegas have sex differently? You think this is useful? This isn’t what you promised. You said this would help your fertility research. I don’t see it. All I see is smut.”
“Actually, hum,” he licks his lips, “Cas might have told me about that. He didn’t give me the specifics,” he quickly adds when she looks up as if she’s been burned, “but he did tell me what it was about. And he’s asked me to tell you—”
And, okay, Dean would pay good money to hear this whole story, but he has an inkling, now that he’s faced with the bad version of the Look of Doom, that it’s not the time. Besides, he’s pretty sure if he waits a bit, he’ll hear about it very soon, seeing as how quickly Cas is downing his shake.
He’s really annoyed, his eyebrows furrowing as he crosses his arms above his chest. God, he’s beautiful.
When she sees Castiel, she barely eyes him before pressing a button on a strange contraption in front of her.
Castiel stays silent for a moment. Not because he doesn’t have anything to say, but because there’s so much. He needs to order his thoughts.
And Dean knows what’s running through Benny’s mind in that moment, if his little smirk is any indication. He’s told Dean enough.
She’s good. She’s a good actress. She looks really sorry, and gives them a sympathetic smile, like she knows what they’re going through, like Lisa is one of their long-time friends.
He’s also a bit envious of Dean. Castiel’s mother doesn’t celebrate birthdays like the other parents do. She thinks it’s a day parents should thank God for giving them children. Castiel’s not allowed to throw parties with his friends. Not that he has a lot of those, anyway. Only Dean. Maybe Sam, Dean’s little brother. And that girl Meg from school.
“Oh fuck! Yeah, hum, some tensing in the muscles, definitely, but it’s—Oh, shit, just like that! – It’s mo-mostly surprise rather than a change of phase. My, huh, breathing is getting erratic and my blood pressure is increasing. Fuck, Cas! God, can I just enjoy it now?”
He barely manages to take off his jeans, throws Dad’s jacket haphazardly somewhere, before he falls onto the bed.
“We should see if pheromone compatibility could decrease the refractory time period, with the right pairings—”
Cas hums against mouth, nibbling at his lips before changing path, kissing his way down Dean’s throat.
Something seems to be eating at Cas. His lips pinch into a thin line, before he exhales whatever tension he was holding in.
It’s just freaking him out. Is Cas doing the study without him, now? Dean hasn’t compiled any data since their last session, but he doesn’t put it past Cas to just hide the paperwork from him until he has enough to punish Dean for a few days.
There’s a knock at the door. They both freeze, but barely for a second. Sam has a gun in hand and is up by Dean in less time that it takes Dean to process the noise.
He couldn’t help but cry out when Cas leaned back, his hands finding the mattress behind him. And shit, shit, Dean was so not ready for this. As he rolled he hips around, Cas let out a satisfied laugh.
“What? No. No, of course not,” he answers with a frown. “We never took the time to do your intake form. I have a bit of time right now, so if you don’t mind…” he trails off.
He’s never tried to have sex without being able to smell his partner, so he guesses it’s part of the whole experience.
Dean swallows. He licks his lips. This, he likes. Can he allow himself this, just for one night? Even if Cas won’t remember anything come morning? He’s so tired, and disappointed by the events of the evening that he thinks,
Dean’s entire face flexes as he clenches his jaw. He thinks about Castiel’s words, carefully, eyes roaming on his face to detect a lie or something dishonest. He doesn’t find anything, if the way he relaxes minutely is any indication.
“And you bitched about it because it was ‘gay’,” Sam sighs. “Dude. Seriously. I know you’re insecure because I’ve known you my whole life. But Cas doesn’t.”
Dean steps forward, trying to ignore the way his heart does a complicated anxious somersault inside his chest, and he eyes Cas for a second. The Doc looks like he’s about to faint, or possibly take a shit, so Dean looks away.
He’s holding a bouquet or white and red flowers and a bottle of wine, wearing his best suit – the brown one that hugs his body in all the right ways – and an emerald green tie that compliments his eyes.
This one looks as eager as the other ones, and if not for his piercing green eyes and charming grin, Castiel would have sent him right back. It’s late, after all. And Castiel promised Amelia he’d be home in time for dinner.
Going back to it, he feels a lot more confident than he did a few minutes ago. It’s time he works at it a little. He can’t let Cas have all the fun.
As always, Cas’s earnestness feels like a punch to the gut. He’s so open, so patient, the blue of his eyes still so clear under the shitty fluorescent lights of the kitchen that Dean can’t look away.
It’s too much. If he doesn’t stop now, he’ll be lost. He’ll want everything, all of Cas, for himself.
Or rather, yes, he knows what he should do, but it’s exactly what he doesn’t want. He doesn’t really have a choice, though, does he?
Cas keeps pounding into him, a growly-whine coming out of his throat every time he bottoms out and his cock pulses with each release of come.
“This is all…” Dean goes on, weaker in his resolve now, “this is all too much. Work, and my classes, and the clinic, and, and… everything. I needed a break.”
Dean actually really does want to talk to Cas. But he’s scared that if he’s too impatient, if he pushes the discussion with Cas when the time isn’t right, he’ll end up fucking everything up.
He’s sitting naked and awkward on a side of the bed. Ash, who’s used to the nudity by now, is sprawled beside him, humming thoughtfully. “
“God, you’re gonna make me spell it out? We watch them masturbate. And have sex with other participants. I swear to God, Sammy, if you tell anyone about it…”
God, he loves him so much he’s scared Cas will throw his feeling right back at his face if he ever tells him about them, and then what will he do? He doesn’t want things to change between them, if it’s to make them worse. But there’s no way of changing things for the better if he doesn’t say something. He feels stuck.
“There’s something you said once, it’s been on my mind lately,” Cas whispers. He pulls away a little, relieving some of the pressure on Dean. “But if you don’t want to do that, I’ll understand.”
Cas slows his ministrations, going up and down Dean’s crack now, making sure his palm rubs against Dean’s balls as he does.
He escapes the conversation, then. The way he feels about the Doc has changed forever, it seems, and it hurts a lot. He avoids Novak’s eyes as the elevator doors close on him, and tries not to cry until he reaches his car.
. A wall of text appears on screen, and he tries to focus. But Cas is clearing his throat, and Dean’s eyes drift to him. He’s about to talk. Might be important.
“Nah,” Dean shakes his head, “but the Doc doesn’t need me for this. I’m just an assistant for the Study, but I’m no doctor.”
It occurs to him that if he hadn’t lost his job two days ago because he snapped at a patron, he would’ve definitely lost it because of this.
The first few minutes were awkward as hell, Dean standing next to the bed where Cas was lying on his belly with a few pillows under his hips, trying his best not to laugh at how ridiculous this all was, until Cas started to huff slightly under the pleasure-pain. After that, the laughter died in Dean as he focused on getting Castiel’s ass a nice shade of red.
“It’s okay,” Dean says, trying to keep his tone neutral as he quickly slides his head and arms through the holes of his shirt. “That’s why I wanted to ask before we did anything.” He finds his boxer shorts sticking out from under the bed and stands to put them on. “I’m glad I did.”
Dean Winchester nods again, and starts to walk away, but Castiel stops him before he can exit completely.
Dean swallows. He can’t cry, because otherwise she’ll know. He’s sure she’d know if anything showed on his face. So instead, he smiles.
His focus zeroes in on the places where they touch, and stays there, committing every little detail to memory.
“It’s fine, Dean,” Cas reassures him, dropping his gun on the bed. He sounds out of breath, too. “It’s normal. Just take deep breaths, it’ll get easier. Deep breaths,” and he inhales, eyes boring into Dean’s, insistent.
Castiel does not show all the good he’s thinking of the man’s attitude. He doesn’t roll his eyes. But suddenly he understands how Dean, and by extension all the people he comes in contact with when he’s in a foul mood, must feel about him.
“But to answer your question, that’s me. I’m the woman,” Dean says happily, patting Castiel’s shoulder and looking at Michael again. “Well, sometimes we switch, you know. You gotta learn to vary your pleasures, after all.”
“Here,” Cas says, bending over until he can reach the pack of beer on the floor and gets one out from the already torn box.
The journalist laughs, flaunting her breasts at Cas. “Don’t be,” she pats his shoulder, “You’re both fine! Did you see any of the other nominees’ videos? Did you prepare?”
But Cas shakes his head with a small smile, “Ah, yes. It is. But we’re hoping we can find some more investors after we launch the Study again. Besides,” he sighs, looking around as well, “we have a lab, and equipment. It’s all I need to get started.”
Now that Zachariah finally got what he wanted, Castiel can’t even get in touch with Balthazar. Zachariah probably forbade him to answer Castiel, which isn’t surprising. What is, though, is that Balthazar would actually obey the hypothetical order.
jump as his orgasm hit him. At least this one allowed him an amazing view. The after part was nice, too. He spent half an hour massaging Cas’ arms, his shoulders, his wrists, covering every bit of skin in kisses.
Truth be told, the prospect of sleeping with Cas, having actual, honest-to-God sex with Cas, was too much of a temptation for Dean not to give in. Speaking of Cas, the lazy, warm smile that slowly settles on his face finishes convincing Dean this was the right thing to do. Totally worth it. Even worth the shame of having to fuck with Sam in the same room.
Cas nods, thoughtful. “I can understand that. Maybe you can tell me about Sam, then. How is it going for him? Is he happy?”
His cock is trapped, yearning for contact, as if it has a mind of its own. The friction of his underwear against the skin is barely enough. He needs something. He needs, fuck, that mouth, God, he needs that mouth, the sole thought of it bringing his arousal to such a state that he can barely breathe.
He can see the second Sam’s face relaxes with relief. Shaking his head, Sam grabs his coffee, “Yeah. You can’t let my sacrifice be in vain. ‘Cause, you know, I can never unsee what I saw.” Then, almost convincingly serious, “I went to live in LA for two weeks for you.”
He scoffs. “Yeah, of course. He gives it to me good every night.” He tries to put as much sarcasm in his voice as he can.
In the corner of his eyes, Cas can see Amelia give him a slight, compassionate grimace before scurrying with her bouquet into the kitchen.
And third, well… he wanted to. As Cas was speaking, Dean couldn’t stop looking at his lips. He’s been doing that a lot over the years, so it’s well passed the time for Dean to find out what Cas’s lips would feel like on his own.
Dean’s surprised, but he never says no to alcohol. Especially when it comes from here. Cas and Amelia never drink anything cheap.
Plus, Cas is being really casual about it. This makes Dean nervous. Of course, he doesn’t say anything about it. They make small talk in the car, mostly discussing their next visit to the brothel next Sunday, but it does nothing to untwist the knots in Dean’s stomach.
“I can’t believe you forgot,” Sam spits, letting go of his arm. “Fine. I’ll manage without you.” He walks away - Dean hears his steps retreating - and lets out a furious, “Not like I’m not used to it by now, anyway,” before slamming the door to their room.
” Now the Doc’s voice has a panicked edge, which somehow reassures Dean. At least he’s taking it seriously. “
“No,” he says, instead, licking his lips. “It’s just a lot to take in… I just wanna know so I can prepare. Mentally, you know?”
“Nah,” he just says, because he knows he wouldn’t be coherent enough in his state to convey all of that. “It happens.”
It’s true. Dean’s happy that Cas’s wrist was only sprained, and that it got better after only a couple of days. He’s just… so disappointed that Cas doesn’t need him anymore. He was so looking forward to it. And he did research, for Christ’s sake! But he can’t tell Cas that, obviously.
Cas studies him for a moment, before nodding. “Fine. I don’t have anything just yet, so I don’t have much to say.”
“I… I don’t know. I want to be like you. I want her not to have so much effect over me every time she says something.”
“You don’t have anything to be sorry about,” Dean answers with the most sincere smile he can muster. “She’s an adult, she knows what she’s doing.”
He doesn’t linger a second more. And as every time the Doc does something like this to him, he swear he won’t let it happen again.
“Doc,” Dean leans over, and he hesitates to put his hand on Castiel’s, but the hesitation doesn’t last long, “she’s smart. And she knows you. She’ll understand.”
And Cas seems to retract inside himself. He lowers his head, looking down at his feet, and if there was space, Dean’s pretty sure he would’ve taken a step back.
“B—but he’ll f—fire you,” Dean sobs. He sounds so fucking silly but he can’t stop it. “I have to, he s—said he’d destroy y—you.”
“Now,” Cas goes on, “you’re going to turn around, go back home, and stop meddling with my relationships.”
Their faces are on TV. Or, to be more precise, a blurry picture of Dean and a sketch of Cas are flickering on the crappy TV screen of their motel room, while the voice of a journalist explains how dangerous they are.
“I’ll—I’ll do it,” Dean hesitates, giving Cas what he hopes is an enticing look. “But maybe you could take off a layer, you know? So I can have a nice view at least.”
He shakes the thought off, and follows them both inside, Sam on his tail. Doc Adler and a dignified-looking lady with gray peppered in her hair like nature itself tried to make her look as chic as possible are already there, sitting on the couch.
“Well,” Cas starts, carefully, “Neither Dorothy nor Ash can come ‘untouched’.” He actually air-quotes the word. “I want to test it.”
It takes a while, it’s confused, and it’s frantic, but finally Cas lays his whole body on Dean’s and they’re skin to skin, burning hot and already sweaty.
“Don’t worry, Dean-o, I won’t break your toy,” Michael sneers. “We’re just having a little conversation.”
At first, Cas is confused, almost baffled, not by the games themselves, since, as he said, “most of them are just math,” but rather by the fact people would keep spending money even when they’d been losing bags of it.
He eyes Cas as the angel sits next to Sam, playing with the inches of sleeve that cover his hands. Dean’s not used to seeing him wearing pajamas, not yet, so he looks away, for fear he’ll keep staring if he doesn’t.
“What about tonight?” Castiel finally asks. He’s so tired. “Do we have… someone? Anyone we can work with?”
Dean barks out a laugh, not because it’s funny, but because the question is making him very uncomfortable. Somehow, Cas doesn’t seem to appreciate his reaction.
Cas’s reaction is immediate. He stops, huffing, and rests his forehead on Dean’s chest, hips making an aborted movement in empty space.
Dean certainly is. He doesn’t know what comes over him, but suddenly he’s rubbing his nose against Cas’s, and when he realizes what he’s doing, it’s much too late to pretend he didn’t do it on purpose.
Dean doesn’t come up here often, and he barely eats in the cafeteria anymore. Still, he doesn’t recognize any of these girls.
There seem to be a whole other conversation with himself happening inside his head before he answers.
The rest of the afternoon passes far quicker than Dean would have liked, and soon he finds himself at the front door, stealing another kiss from Aaron, and another, and another, until Aaron gently pushes him away with a laugh and a promise to be back on Sunday.
He’s so glad Sam escaped it young. Jessica’s family isn’t rich, but they’re well-off, and he’s studying in a prestigious school. He’s doing great for himself.
“Fuck…” Dean whines, not out of pleasure, but of exhaustion at the thought of having to recount everything. “I… don’t know. It started normal. And I did everything. Toys, they’re nice, I put good money into them…”
He feels a little bit better, already, knowing he got her. And nothing went wrong. He dials the landline of his home, waiting.
Dean huffs. “There’s no use stressing. We’ve taken the exams already. Nothing we can do about it now.”
Dean sees. He knows what it does to Castiel when he does what he’s doing with Rhonda. The way he glances at Castiel while she kisses him right on the mouth, oh, he knows what he’s doing. Castiel is so going to punish him for it.
His unhappy frown turns into a bright smile when he turns around and sees that Aaron is coming out of the library as well. He’s less happy to see two other guys from his biology class following close behind, but he tries not to show it too much. The majority of his fellow students already hate him enough, he’s not about to add anything more that they could hold against him.
The hint of a smile appears on Cas’s lips, but the way he presses them together before he speaks betrays his nerves.
He turns back to his house without saying goodbye, feeling like he’s out of his body. Dean stood him up. For a girl. It never happened before. Maybe Mary is right, and it’s just Dean’s hormones talking. Maybe Dean is not as different from others as Castiel thought. He feels empty. Angry. He needs to do something about it. He needs to see if Dean is really committed.
He’s closer, now, his smell slowly wrapping around Dean like a warm blanket. Dean feels better already. His head feels less heavy, his thoughts less thick. It doesn’t prevent his hands from doing whatever they want though, he idly realizes when his fingers wrap around his cock without him prompting them.
First, Cas doesn’t interjects with science facts, which is nice. He just goes to town this time, but it’s not only physical. There’s another dimension to it, in the way Cas holds him, moves his arms around Dean like he wants them to be a whole person, as if he wants them to melt into one another, as if they could be any closer than they already are.
Castiel doesn’t like other children. Even his brothers. Sometimes, Gabriel is okay. But today, he’s not playing with Castiel. There’s something more interesting happening outside. Someone new is moving into the house across the street.
Little TW for an Anxiety Attack, and since it's from the character's POV, this could be triggering for some people, so be careful.
Castiel took the time to circle the block a few times before coming back to Gabriel’s. After taking a long drive to calm his nerves, that is. He doesn’t want to see his brother, and face his accusations. But, after two hours, he knows it’s getting late, and he really needs to go check on Gabriel.
If Cas doesn’t feel the same, then Dean will still have the satisfaction of having said something. He won’t have any regrets.
And anyway, Dean doesn’t want to be angry, or be anything else really. He’s perfectly content with being empty on the inside, until seeing Cas – as few and far between their rare meetings have been – won’t hurt anymore.
Of course, Dean understands what he means. He’s not stupid. It’s just so out of the realm of everything he thought he’d do tonight that he needs a second to digest it. But once he has, he knows he can’t say no. It’s been an awful long time since anyone has eaten his ass, and if he’s honest with himself, he might have imagined once or twice what it would feel like to have the Doc’s mouth on his hole.
Knocking again. Confused, Dean wonders who is trying to break through his door, and why they sound like Novak.
Shaking his head, Dean looks down. “I’m a bit jealous, though,” he says before looking back at Cas. “I wish I could’ve come up with a nice speech like yours. Instead I just blurted it out.”
“Because the only people he talks to are you, and me. And I guess he spends more time at work than he does at home.”
“Because I don’t recognize you, Dean! I don’t wanna spend time with you because you’re just—you’re just so…”
Cas cocks his head on the side, mouth pinching into a thin line. “Right.” His eyes roam over Dean’s face. He’s trying not to laugh.
“So,” Dean says as him and Benny are sitting in a booth at Mandy’s, waiting for their order. “Going out during the day. Kinda weird, if I’m honest.”
Dean’s eyes blink open despite himself, and he lowers his head, trying to find an angle that will allow him to look at Cas without hurting his neck.
She smiles up at him, and at Sam and Cas trailing behind him. “Names,” she asks with a wide, fake smile.
While he’s debating with himself, Cas has turned toward him, and he’s standing as close as he can be while not being too close that Dean would feel uncomfortable. He’s just waiting, smiling slightly like he knows exactly what’s going through Dean’s head.
Uh. Okay. That’s a better one. Dean goes for it, feigning a contrite sigh. “Shuddup,” he just says, which is sure to have Sam believe his act.
As he waits anxiously for Dean’s answer, Dean seems to shift, blow out a breath, probably wondering what to say to that.
A very real shiver runs through him at the idea that Sam might very well be imagining it right now, judging by his disgusted expression. Which, incidentally, finishes to convince Sam.
Cas nods. He bends over. His mouth latches on Dean’s nipple, pinching it between his lips. He breathes against Dean’s skin.
Balthazar has a reputation. And Castiel knows every single truth behind the rumors. He likes to pursue every omega that crosses his line of sight, fuck them, and leave them once he’s had a good run with them.
Dean tries to swallow, but his throat is so dry, all he can do is cough instead. “Yeah. You’re right.”
Dean can hear Sam’s voice through the phone. He can’t talk to him, he can’t. He wants to leave but he’s rooted to the spot.
He looks up again. Aaron’s eyebrows are drawn upward, in an expression that’s too close to pity for Dean’s comfort. He doesn’t know why, but it irks him.
Of course, Dean’s annoyed, first because he’s tired of other people telling him how he should live his life, but also because he knows she’s right, and he hates it.
The Doc is very calm when he answers. It’s on the tip of his tongue, so he’s thought about it. “I want to show them how it could be. You know what they say: twice is a coincidence, three times is a pattern.”
“No,” Dean shoots up from his seat and almost runs into Cas’s office. “Look!! We have a participant!!”
“What do you think?” Cas tries to be seductive, which only makes Dean laugh harder. It doesn’t stop Cas though.
He’s trying to prepare for a grand romantic gesture. There’s no time for boners. Maybe after. But not now.
Dean doesn’t know where to look. He wants to admire his Alpha watch, but also stare at Cas’s beautiful face. It’s so rare to see him smile like this, honest and truly happy. He’s glowing.
“Is this a joke?” Castiel asks after Dean painfully navigated his way through a stammering speech about the importance of keeping the Study afloat.
He’s almost vibrating out of his skin. It’s kinda cute. Dean would appreciate it if not for the fact that, somehow, Cas has managed to insinuate himself between him and Aaron without even knowing it.
He did his best to get Cas as horny as he possibly could, and then decided that ridding him would be his best option, because this way he’d be able to keep a bit of control over the whole thing. So when Cas closed his eyes as he was lying down under Dean as Dean was slowly moving above him, one hand on the angel’s chest and the other behind him on Cas’s thigh, Dean thought he finally had him.
“Just,” benny says as he plunges into Dean’s neck to drop a kiss there, “I don’t want any misunderstanding between us. This is all in good fun, right?”
“It has to do with what I do for a living,” Cas goes on, ignoring the way Dean’s eyebrows are trying to fly off his face.
“Nothing is normal,” he says with what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “And everything is. There’s no perfect way to have a sexual relationship.”
Cas gives him a look that says all the good he thinks of Dean’s explanation. “To sum it up crudely,” he says.
He’s set in his ways, Dean knows that, but this sounds a little more like pleading, and a little less like his usual scientific argumentation.
Unfortunately for him, Aaron has followed him. Dean hears him run after him until he catches up and starts calling after him.
Dean goes on before Cas can go on another rant, “And that’s how you’ve been conditioned. You have nothing to feel bad about.”
The pics of the victim in front of them don’t tell them much, beside the fact that the crime was messy. Probably a crime of passion. But the clues are vague, at best. And the local cops aren’t helping.
Staring, Dean refuses to give in. He thinks he has a pretty good idea of what Cas wants. But it’s just… weird. He’s not sure he’s ready to hear
It’s very apparent that Cas wants to move on and be done with Benny, though, when he opens his mouth next, and says, in his fakest sympathetic voice, “What would you say to a quick masturbation session?”
Men are yelling outside. Dogs are barking. Castiel doesn’t bother trying to understand what they’re saying. He’s focused. On the warmth of Dean’s skin under his hand, on the feeling of Dean’s breath against his lips. On the sound of Dean’s ragged breathing.
He’s very aware that, would he have known that a week ago, he would’ve been very angry. But right now? It feels unimportant.
“Well,” Dean can’t look in the Doc’s eyes anymore, “that and, and, you know, I’m an omega. You’re my boss. People talk. They’re already saying that I—”
Once everything is ready, all he has left to do is to take an ibuprofen – for cramps – and go back to sleep.
“You didn’t think I would let you work in the middle of the hallway, now, did you?” A small smile comes to tug at the corner of his lips. “As my assistant, you’ll need a proper office.”
He spent more time there than anywhere else. And now he’s expected to find another hospital and go on as if nothing was wrong?
The way Cas smiles back, half annoyed, half amused, makes Dean think Cas is probably remembering the first time Dean called him ‘Angel’ as a joke. “
With a sigh, Dean slips off the bathtub to land gently on his knees in front of Cas. “Do you need me to beg? I’m shameless, I’ll do it.”
Yeah, it’s probably that. He’s mostly annoyed at himself, at his biology. He often feels helpless when it comes to Cas. He’s sure the scent bond doesn’t help.
Aaron’s eyes grow wide. It would almost be funny if Dean felt like laughing, considering that Aaron’s never had to work a day in his life. For anything.
He doesn’t end his sentence, but Dean knows what that means. His heart seems to skip a few beats inside his chest, and he finds himself frozen, standing behind the doc, as Dorothy lays over Charlie, about to enter her.
He doesn’t need a lot of sleep anymore, again, thanks to the punishing rhythm Cas imposed on him, and he’s only tending bars at night, until around 2 or 3 in the morning. He has the rest of the day to himself. He could do it. He could be a student.
Dean shakes his head. “He thinks it’s not his story to tell. And, um… quite frankly I think he’s right. I wouldn’t want him going around telling everyone what happened.”
He doesn’t know why he associates sex with violence. It’s something he’s only realizing in this moment, now that it’s missing, but he needs bruises on his skin the next day for a fuck to feel good. Would it be too much to ask for it when the Doc’s clearly needing it as well?
So Dean changes the sheets as fast as he can, grabs a spare towel and puts it to warm on the heater inside the room, cleans up what needs to be cleaned up, and rushes back to the Doc’s office.
Benny raises his hands in the air in a ‘what can I say’ kind of gesture. “That’s my name. My real, legal name, I mean,” he adds when Dean raises his eyebrows in surprise. “But this wasn’t… sexy enough as a stage-name. My middle name is Benjamin, my mother’s maiden name is Lafitte, so… Benny Lafitte. Sounded better. I can’t believe I never told you that!”
“Technicalities,” Rufus spits. “The place she’s been dumped is on the edge of New York and New Jersey. Cops can’t agree on who should lead the case, so we took over. And you’re it.”
It’s not that he’s anxious about seeing Cas because Cas is not intimidating, not now, not after everything. It’s just that Dean is scared of his own reaction.
“Uh,” Dean answers, inhaling the cold air in an attempt to push down the nausea. “I think so. I just had one too many.”
He shouldn’t be this angry, he shouldn’t lash out on Sam because he got dumped like a used pair of socks and can’t handle it like a proper adult. But he can’t help it. Sam’s attitude has been so bad these last couple months that Dean feels like he’s failed, somewhere, somehow, in raising Sam.
Dean doesn’t move, not for a long couple of seconds, before uttering a small, “Yes, Doctor,” and leaving.
Casually, he sits on Dean’s desk. “I was so bored I think I spent an hour daydreaming about all the other things we could be doing in here if we had money.”
She doesn’t sound like herself anymore. Her voice is still trembling, but there’s no more little girl quality to her tone.
loves him. And Dean’s just sitting there with his heart in his throat and the words he should be saying trying to hide from his own brain because this is too big. It’s comically big.
Not that Sam being away to visit his future campus makes Dean feel good, but he tries to look at the bright side of things. At least, he has some quiet time to do whatever he wants. Alone.
Not to the point where it hurts, but just enough that his pulse has gone up as his blood is rushing south. He can feel it pumping in his lower belly, as slick makes its way slowly out of his body.
What is he doing? He’s having Christmas dinner with the man he—with Cas, and his wife, as if he’s not doing anything wrong. As if he’s not wrecking Amelia’s life right under her nose.
“Gabriel told him they were over,” Cas keeps his voice low, “Michael refused to let him go and he… he sent a video of them. When they were little. Something my dad filmed.”
“You’re wearing too many clothes,” Cas counters, and Dean bursts out laughing, throwing his head back in a fit of helpless giggles.
Castiel looks up to the bathroom ceiling, from where he’s sitting, on the closed lid of the toilet. “It’s about Michael,” he whispers.
She finally looks back at him, eyebrows drawing up, as if she was pleading with him. “And he was always a perfect gentleman,” she half-whispers, going back to her hors-d’oeuvres. “He never pressured me to… to… you know.”
The coldness that settles after Castiel unexpectedly came out to his mother is hard to shake off, but they do try. Michael is not helping, though.
“Oh I love it! I mean,” he leans back on his seat again, relaxed now that he’s told his story, “at least I know I’m doing somethin’ right, right? And it’s better when they tell me what they like, at least I don’t have to look for clues.”
, when Dean presses a fingertip against his rim, Cas’s dick jumps. It’s right there, in front of Dean’s face. His mouth. He can’t hold himself back. Leaning over, he takes the crown of it between his lips, and sucks.
“You,” Dean blinks, slowly coming to terms with what just happened. “You told her about us. Fucking on your desk.”
Castiel avoids his eyes, for a couple of seconds. This, all of this, he’s thought about already. He’s turned the situation over and over in every direction possible and nothing seemed right. Except one thing. One small thing, that could keep the study afloat while he finds an official solution.
“So Cas found out,” he quickly says before she can pity him out loud, “on the day I was supposed to—” Oh, great. Here come the tears. He swallows them back as best as he can. “And, he, um, he defended me.”
“No,” Dean answers, suddenly nervous. “This time it’s different.” He worries his lower lip between his teeth, searching for his words. Sam is just staring, one eyebrow raised. Bitchface number seventy-two or whatever.
Den’s really close to crying, but he holds back. It’s already shameful enough to be lying naked in the fetal position, in a room that probably smells like death, in front of his boss. He doesn’t want to add to that.
They’ve done that every single day this week, and yet. Dean’s still about to keel over and pass out every time. He wants one day, just a single day to sleep in. Sunday is too far away, still.
“I can’t do anything for you, Cassie.” And now Balthazar is serious. For once. “Besides, Tony was a nice piece of arse, but we’re over.”
He can’t hold the exclamation back. He’s never seen anything so filthy before. Now he’s fully hard, all right. It’s gonna be a long night.
“Holy shit, fu-uck,” he sobs when a particularly violent push of hips from Cas manages to find his prostate. “Cas, fuck! Fuck m-me!”
At that, Cas gives Dean a look that reads very much like confusion. “I thought it was pretty clear.”
“Alright.” Dean looks up again, searching for strength somewhere. His hand is still on his cock, and he’s just had a full conversation with his boss while tugging on it, so he can definitely let Cas jerk him off too. Or whatever it is that Cas wants to do. “What did you have in mind?”
A full-bellied laugh escapes Dean. He hasn’t laugh that hard in a few weeks. “I don’t know if you were sheltered when you were young, Doc, but I can assure you, people can come from a good number of places.”
But Ash looks uncomfortable as well, now. “I mean, Dean, man, I won’t force it on him if he doesn’t want it.”
