“Ah . . . you wish to talk business, how boring. Did big brother insist you come and make peace with me after you killed my Sebie?” Moriarty asked as he twisted slightly to study Sherlock’s expressions.
It was the first time an officer had ever died on his team. There had been two or three gun fights in his career and once he was almost run over by a bank robber in a car, but this was the first time he had lost anyone on his team. Two young constables. Both alphas and one with a new bondmate.
“No, but you can take us to your office and let us have access to the computer. We can look at the evidence logged into the computer system and I will be able to discover who the real criminal is.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock ignored his brother and went to grab his heavy black coat. Mycroft’s fingers tightened on the handle of the umbrella until his knuckles turned white.
The fact the man knew who Sherlock was meant that his kidnapping had not been random. That made the situation that more dangerous for him. Sherlock struggled to his feet, digging his fingernails into the swollen boards of the bulkhead. His bare feet sliding on the slick deck.
Dimmit nodded his head again. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small notebook. He thumbed through the pages. “You were in class until two o’clock yesterday. Is that normal?”
John Watson paused and looked around the front room of the brothel. Empty bottles of alcohol were littered across the room. There were dirty plates with cold food scattered around. Three men were snoring loudly as they slept spread out across the couches and the floor. Two of the men had prostitutes wrapped tightly in their arms. Everyone was in varying degrees of undressed. John decided to let them sleep. When they woke, their hangovers would be epic.
“Who the hell knows about Sherlock Holmes . . . but for the record, if anyone out there still cares . . . I do not need an alpha. Don’t need one to be happy, don’t want one.”
Greg Lestrade stepped off the lift and into the squad room of his division. His chest ached and his temples were pounding with a growing headache. As soon as the first officer saw him, the police officer stood and started to applaud Greg’s entrance. More police officers stood and joined in with the clapping. There were cheers and shouts of
“If I deleted the information, how would I know if I knew it before?” Sherlock paused and looked up at John. “I need to go out.”
Sherlock let his hands move down John’s back and around to his front. With is palms spread wide, Sherlock pulled John back into his body.
He held his free arm out to her and wrapped it around her shoulder once she was close enough to him.
John grabbed Sherlock’s arm and pulled him back. The four men started to slowly towards the Morstan. Then they quickly turned and took off running. The attackers didn’t give chase. They fled away from the muskets and the swivel-gun that was already loaded and ready to fire again.
John smiled. “John Watson.” He held his hand out and Seb took it again. This time when they shook hands, there was an undercurrent of warmth. Anticipation.
John scrutinized the burnt shell of the building. The wooden shutters were gone. The roof had caved in. The door sag on its hinges. Smoke and soot stained the plastered walls.
He glanced at the water. It had to deep enough to allow the big ship to dock here. He tried to determine the distance he needed to swim. At least two hundred feet – maybe more. If Sherlock weren’t shackled he knew he could do it, but with the extra weight and limitation of moment he wasn’t sure.
Finally, there were the experiments. It happened gradually and John didn’t realize it until it was too late. There was the experiment with mold under the sink. Then the collection of native insects to London appeared on the kitchen table. The day John came home with dinner from local Indian restaurant, he found a dead rat in the refrigerator.
“No . . . I mean not now but someone will be here soon. You know – to open up and let the crowds in.”
“I told you he is not my boyfriend. I won’t go with you, Seb. I don’t know why you think I would.” John said coldly.
They went on patrols and got into small skirmishes. They practiced at the rifle range and complained about the food. It was their lives. The insane and implausible existence. Every moment together was an affirmation of life – of surviving.
Once they were inside, Moran held a gun to Sherlock’s head as Moriarty ordered him to strip. Annoyed, Sherlock removed his clothing while Moriarty watched with a voracious glint in his eyes.
Across the room from him, Culverton Smith watched. The short man sneered as he watched Smallwood walk away from Holmes. Smith pulled out his phone and started to text to the number he had been given.
“Yes, have you acquired the project?” Mycroft asked remember he had sent Jocko to find Jim Moriarty and hold him.
John came inside James’ body while his hand was wrapped around James’ length. The warm release spread across his fingers. The two men stayed still on the single cot for a few more moments. Spooned together on the narrow bed. Cocooned within their own world. It felt wonderful for James. Everything he had wanted. Everything he had fantasized.
Mycroft presently sat in the Sherlock’s leather and chrome chair. An ice pack pressed up against his swelling black eye. Sherlock was in his bedroom changing his torn shirt. John had pulled the two brothers apart as they fought over a previously unknown brother.
The Mary Morstan didn’t sail directly towards Charlotte Amalie. The day after the attack from the Vengeance, the Morstan was anchored on the sheltered side of a leeward island. The hole in the side of the gun deck needed to be repaired as well as the damage to the upper decks. The sound of hammers pounding nails was sharp and loud.
The alpha felt a spike of lust rocket through him at the name. Moran smiled at the young man. “You’ll regret that comment.”
“The orders were messed up. I was supposed to have gotten them weeks ago.” John said. His eyes still closed as the water splashed across their faces.
Victor opened his eyes and looked up at the small man as he bent over the omega. The man’s face was pudgy and round. His hair was receding and blue eyes looked so very sad. Maybe he would help Victor.
John took three steps forward, increasing his speed with each step. He pulled his left arm back and cocked it. His momentum propelled his fist into Victor’s face. All of John’s anger, all of his frustrations were placed in that punch. There was satisfying sound of breaking bones as John’s knuckles connected with Victor’s nose. The man shouted in pain and fell backwards. He crashed to the floor.
Sherlock turned back and looked at John. The two men stared at each other silently. Sherlock was the first to break the stare. He glanced around his flat and then went over to clear off the chair for John to sit in.
“There will be more than enough time for that. I want you to rest. In the morning after you’ve showered and eaten a good breakfast, you can show me how proficient you are at somethings.”
Moriarty pouted. He had plans for Sherlock. He closed his fingers around the memory stick and pulled his hand back. “I’m sure that the North Korean’s will be happy to pay my price for this information and you should proceed with your mourning in private. No reason to burden yourself with another omega so soon after the death of your last . . . beloved.”
John expected the man to complain or feign embarrassment like any other omega. Sherlock stared at John for a moment then reached up and cupped John’s face in his palm. The tall omega took a step forward and pushed his body into John’s. Pinning the alpha to the wall, as Sherlock’s mouth crashed down onto John’s.
Sherlock could feel his body warm as his pale skin pinked. He felt light-headed and dizzy. Wanting to dissolve into John’s body while wanting John to melt into his. It was new. It was different. It felt heady and unreal but completely natural. Sherlock could feel his intellect being overwhelmed by something more primitive and innate. It became unsettling. Sherlock pulled back first.
James didn’t answer but it was a simple understanding Bill Murray wanted revenge against the man who killed his son.
John’s hand slipped down and grasped hold of Sherlock’s. The two men held on to each other as John opened his eyes and stared up at Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” John took Sherlock’s arm then addressed Dimmit. “Look, we don’t know anything about Trevor’s death. Yeah, we didn’t like him. We had good reason not to. Ask Sergeant Greg Lestrade, he was the reporting officer when Trevor assaulted Sherlock.”
As Sherlock entered Regents Park, he thought of the few moments he and John had been together. They had been exciting and exhilarating. He had cherished the unique comradery he felt with the man. John didn’t belittle Sherlock or treat him like he was incapable of taking care of himself. It had almost felt like a partnership. Was running over rooftops and chasing down criminals John’s idea of dates? Was it Sherlock’s? Then there was the kiss. The taste of the alpha’s lips. Something smoky and rich. Like cumin or spice. The memory caused a surge of anticipation to spark through the omega. He licked his lips wanting to taste John there again.
“Maybe shoot the man who murdered his son.” Greg said lifting an eyebrow. “You know we never caught the man who murdered Jefferson Hope. You remember Jefferson Hope, don’t you? The man accused of murdering Bill Murray’s son.”
“Why it’s just getting fun now.” Moriarty smiled and stepped away from John. The red dot from a sniper’s scope appeared on John’s chest. “Sherlock, what will you do for your omega? Are you going to be boring or are you going to surprise me?”
“Oh, I know that . . . but he knew you were here. He was the one who was holding the sniper rifle at the pool. Held it right here . . .” Moriarty tapped John’s forehead. “But it seems our little Tiger still loved his soldier toy.”
“No, actually. Wrong again, brother dear.” Jim said as he pulled a rare first edition of a Dickens from the shelf. He thumb through the yellowed pages. Pausing on one page, he held the page close to eyes. Suddenly, he licked the paper then frowned. He tossed the book into the fire. “Yuck. It was genuine. Very expensive?”
“It is unclear what exactly happened, but it is believed that Mister Mycroft Holmes attempted to commit suicide. You will remember Holmes was the prime suspect in the murder of the omega Victor Trevor last week, but Scotland Yard didn’t feel able to file charges against him. Mister Holmes’ mother was murdered just a few days ago and speculation is that he was also involved in her death. This might be the reason why Mister Holmes attempted to take his own life.”
He glanced over John’s shoulder and down the hall to the closed bedroom door. He took a deep breath and slowly let it go.
He crashed into the bathroom without knocking, locking the door behind him. He left the lights off as he took a step back in the darkness; his heart pounding hard. If Mycroft’s men found the drugs on him, he would be taken to rehab that night.
“Bees?” John asked with a smile covering his face. He leaned up for another kiss. His hands now moving down over Sherlock’s body, unconsciously checking to make sure the man was alright.
The forth picture showed John and this blonde walking out of the club together. Sherlock recognized the name on the marquis. John wasn’t smiling but the taller blonde had his arm wrapped around John’s shoulders. The blonde’s attention was on John. He was smiling and his scar was twisting his skin into an awkward expression on the man’s face.
“I will soon be richer than the monarchs of England. I will dictate how the country is run. And once I have England, it won’t take long to bring Scotland and Ireland under my thumb. All of it will be ours.” The man crowed.
Frankie, smiling broadly stepped back when John didn’t return the hug. He glanced over his shoulder and back up the stairs. Then he turned and looked at John.
“What is it?” Sergeant Morelly asked. The older soldier had heard numerous excuses from recruits to call home. Most were just homesickness.
“We have this.” Sherlock held up the thumb drive. “And I know the perfect place to confront Mycroft.”
Sherlock could feel John’s other hand move slowly up his side and around to his back. Pulling the younger man closer as John deepened the kiss.
“No, I don’t want a blowjob.” He let a high pitch laugh slip out of himself. “Never thought I would ever say that to you.”
“Maybe they did draw attention to themselves. Maybe they enjoy drawing attention to themselves where ever they go. Maybe everyone is so busy watching this person’s left hand they don’t see what his right hand is doing.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
But Mike was as affable as ever. It was as if no time had passed between the two of them. Mike only commented once about John’s cane and never about the tremor. They sat and drank coffee and watched the people go by. It was like a veil had been lifted and finally John could see a future.
“You certainly can’t blame me, Sherlock. I only presented the facts to you. If you were going to remain working with me, then it was impossible for you to keep John safe. His presence was an unnecessary distraction that was going to cost you your life or his.” Mycroft spoke as if he was reciting a previous argument the two had had several times in the past. “Do you believe that seven years have lessen the danger you are in or that you put those in who care about you?”
Sherlock placed his gloved hands over the dead woman’s mouth and nose and illustrated how she was murdered. Mycroft made a slight whimpering sound from his corner. The other men forced themselves to not notice.
John wanted to say something else but he didn’t. There was no way John was going to the police. He would track down this killer himself and deal with the man who had killed his friend’s son. After tonight, he knew he would never see this strange omega again. And that was a good thing. John should be hiding right now. Avoiding anything that had to do with the police. He shouldn’t be mixed up in a criminal investigation, drawing attention to himself.
Anger flared through Moran. He would never allow another alpha to touch what was his. He would kill the first man who touched Sherlock.
Bill Murry is the name Arthur C. Doyle used in the story "A Study in Scarlett". It was the name he gave the man who saved John's life. The names of Blackwood and Hinde come from the wonderful "Two Two One Bravo Baker" story of Abundantlyqueer.
Mycroft’s eyes darted sideways at Lady Smallwood. He could see the tightening of the muscles around her lips and the twitch at the corner of her eye.
“I . . . I thought you knew . . . It never seemed to come up in our conversations and I thought you knew.”
The kiss ended naturally and Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s. “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time,” he whispered.
John disappeared back into the smoke. The yellow glow grew and now smoke was coming out of several windows of the building.
James Sholto glanced to where he had last seen Sherlock standing. As the smoke cleared from the deck he saw Baskerville holding a gun on Sherlock. Without a second thought, James Sholto aimed his pistol and fired. Henry Baskerville slumped to the deck.
Sherlock’s eyes fleeted back and forth as his mind tried to compute the scene in front of him. John was dressed in the clothes he wore the day before. He was sitting calmly with Mycroft sharing tea.
Hindi quickly translated to the older man and the elder nodded his head again. The silence that had filled the room was quickly pushed out as the people inside heard what John had said and what was translated to the elder. The quiet conversations between various spectators of the soldier’s compassion and care to the child.
“It would have been the perfect way to deflect any suspension away from him. Why would he notify the police if he was responsible for Litkin’s death?” Sherlock said.
“You consider what you’ve done to Sherlock reasonable?! The conservatorship? You’re as much a bastard as my father. And that is saying a lot!” John glared at Mycroft.
“Yeah. Not a surprise, his sire is enough of a twat to drive me barmy. Pup or not. It just seems that since I got pregnant . . . I don’t know which way he’s coming or going. And there’s this woman . . .”
“He’s not my omega, damn it.” John leaned back in his chair. His glance switched from James back to closed bathroom door.
Moran screamed like a wounded animal and backed further away from John. The smaller man rolled up onto his feet and looked up like a wild creature ready to attack. Moran stepped back further forcing himself to put distance between himself and John.
“Sherlock, when Trevor bonds in four months, you will need to find another flat-mate or return to my home. As it is, Mummy and I are busy looking for an appropriate mate for you. This little excursion of yours into . . . independence will be at an end. It would be better for everyone, especially you, if you would simply give this up and return home with me, now.”
“What the fuck . . . did you think . . . you were doing?” John panted out. He reached up and grabbed his ribs.
John pulled out gauze and tape to bandage the wound. Sherlock watched as John’s hands worked quickly and efficiently. How many times in the past had he watched those hands as they travelled over his skin? He remembered how warm John’s hands were when they held him.
The guard was big enough and strong enough to break Sherlock in two if he choose to do so. But something about the certainty of Sherlock’s comments scared the man.
There were glossy black and white photos, eleven by eight, inside the envelope. It was taken in a club somewhere; Sherlock thought he recognized it. The first photo was of John dancing in a crowd. There was a blonde man dancing nearby. He was taller than John with broad shoulders and a scar on his cheek. The second photo was of the same blonde man dancing with his arm wrapped around John’s waist. John wasn’t returning the embrace but neither was he trying to pull out of it.
It was custom when one ship seized another ship that the winner would take one-fourth of the cargo and supplies on board then let the second ship go free. But Roylott was renown for his cruelty. He would rather sink a ship full of cargo instead of only taking a fourth and set the other captain free.
“Our captain has made arrangements to take y’ah to Port Royal. You be ‘aven a friend there to meet y’ah.”
Mycroft struggled to his feet. The pounding continued. He stumbled as he walked toward the door of the room. Just as he reached the double doors, the front door of the suite swung open. Several men came rushing into the room. Two men in plain clothes, two police constables and someone who appeared to be the hotel manager.
Humphrey flipped over his cards. He had a ten and an eight – a straight. John laughed as he turned over his cards and showed the man he had a better hand. Mary tossed her two cards on top of the pile of chips. A Jack and seven – a full house. The best hand.
John laid next to the man listening to the rain hitting the glass pane of the window. His eyes flickered to the skylight over the bed. The sky was a silver blue. It reminded John of someone else.
“SEB . . . !” John shouted as he tried to rush forward. Sherlock held him back. He spun John and wrapped his arms around the omega pulling him tight.
Sherlock tipped back further away from John. The alpha felt a sudden warmth as the strange omega seemed to submit to him.
“We were exiled there by King James. Mycroft went against him when the king dissolved Parliament. We were not allowed to leave Bridgetown until James fled England and William and Mary recalled Mycroft.”
Sherlock glanced up as soon as the door opened, then his face scowled at the sight of his brother. He quickly returned his attention back to the newspapers, ignoring his brother’s entrance.
“I could agree to that given who he has allowed to fuck you.” Jim said with an evil glint in his dark eyes.
“Yeah, that’s about right. Sometimes I leave earlier if the lectures run short or sometimes I stay later and spend some time catching up in the lab.”
John leaned heavily back into his pillows and closed his eyes. He could imagine Sherlock doing something outlandish in a fit of anger.
The car pulled up in front of the refurbished farm house. The brakes silently stopped the saloon by the wrought iron gate. His driver opened the back door of the car and Mycroft got out. He tugged absentmindedly on his waistcoat as his eyes moved quickly over the house. A climbing rose bush that doggedly clung to the Victorian bricks had gotten larger over the years. It now covered at least a third of the front of the house. The dark foliage framed the porch and the front door. Mycroft noticed the curtains were drawn in the front windows which was unusual for this time of day. Maybe his mother had neglected to open the drapes earlier. Maybe she wished to conceal something.
“What is plain as my nose is the fact that this man was working for Moriarty.” Greg pointed at John while he growled back at the omega. “You’re the idiot for bonding with him.”
Moran swallowed hard. The blade of the stiletto burned as it slid into his flesh. He closed his eyes.
“Well, now that you have told me your plan, I assure you, the debt will never be paid. You have failed completely, Jim. You can’t force me back to your depravity nor will I be committing suicide before my brother. Moran is dead and John is safe. You are nothing more than an annoyance now. Something that we, Holmes, will swat away.”
Sherlock was used to waking up after a splurge of drug use in pain. It was never as much fun as the high. There was always the headaches. Piercing and right behind his eyes. There were the muscle cramps, usually in his back and thighs. If he had been sick, his mouth would taste foul. Often he had to throw his clothes away after a drug episode.
“I didn’t say I didn’t like being alone. I prefer my own company to anyone else’s . . . except you. I found I like you being here. I like . . . I want you to stay.”
Sherlock walked through the gathering crowds forcing himself to not look at the individuals as he passed. He knew he was being watched. He knew some were Mycroft’s men while other had to belong to Moriarty. He stepped into the coffee shop and quickly gazed over the various customers inside the small café. Sherlock didn’t recognize any of them personally, but he quickly deduced the profession of each individual. His eyes swept passed the two undercover policemen sitting together at a table by the window then over to Jim, sitting by himself; a small demitasse in front of him.
There was nothing in the photograph that would be incriminating, but it would put John on the police’s radar. They would start to ask question. If they found John with a gun, then he would be arrested and surely even the idiots at Scotland Yard would find a connection between John and the robbery. Sherlock couldn’t allow that to happen.
John’s eyes scanned over the faces of the customers. He finally saw Sherlock sitting in the very back at a table near the kitchen. The young man’s shoulders were slumped and his head was lowered. Sherlock looked shorter by at least five inches. John would have overlooked him if it hadn’t been for the great black coat and the iridescent eyes watching him from under black curly fringe.
“Yes, that might do the trick.” Sherlock folded the pieces of the watch back into the canvas. He blew out the candle and stood.
“Maybe . . . I don’t know.” John shook his head. He never actually saw Sherlock answer any of the texts. He didn’t go out looking for her once he knew she was alive. And she kissed him, not the other way around. “Seb, I just don’t want to think about it anymore. Please . . . can we talk about something else? How are things in Sangin for you all now?”
“He wasn’t a junkie. Look at him. His hair has recently been cut. His beard is neatly trimmed and well cared for. His fingernails are clean as are his teeth. His shirt is dirty but if you look at it you can tell all those stains were made here in this room. Meanwhile, those dark brown trousers only have stains on the calves as if he was dragged in here. If you examine his trainers you will see that they are new but have rub marks on the heels from being dragged. Your team messed up any chance of us examining the marks on the floor when they came in here or you would have seen the slight drag marks through the dirt.”
“There is a detective who has become a nuisance. I want to teach him a lesson.” Moriarty continued. “I am finalizing my plans, but I’m about to start a game with him. A very dangerous game involving bombs and puzzles. When the game is done, he will either be dead or I will.”
The older man nodded his head. The child’s mother who had been crying in the corner had returned to sit vigil at the girl’s head silently.
Greg Lestrade nodded his head and glanced at Sherlock but the younger man remained quiet; intent on listening to whatever was going to said.
“John, think about this.” James said. “We’ve been attacked once because of this man. Surely Adler is going to tell whoever is looking for him that we have him. This Magnussen could be hunting us right now.”
When did he start to consider Sherlock his lover? When did he stop? John was confused and anxious. He wanted to flee the taxi while also wanting to never leave Sherlock again. His head was beginning to hurt and fear boiled up inside him. He knew Sherlock would never be this conflicted. Sherlock would never want the same things John wanted. He had already proven that when he didn’t wait for John to return to him. The Fates hated him, John thought because he was sitting next to the man who would always be the center of John’s world and who would never care.
Moriarty held his mangled left hand up for Sherlock to see. He twisted it around so the dark haired man could see how much damage had been done.
“Poor Mycroft has been scouring all over the countryside for me and here I sat waiting for the two of you to return home.” Jim said as he wandered further into the room.
John shook his head. He felt off balanced, like the room had tipped sideways. He wondered if the lights had changed in the room.
He smiled as he crossed the room and sat down at his desk. The chair embraced him and he finally felt at home. He removed the letter from his jacket and let his fingers slid over his name written on the envelope. He quickly opened it and read the woman’s tiny handwriting. She was desperate for him to visit her as soon as possible. He felt confident that if he went to Whitehall Palace in the morning, she would readily meet with him. He set the note down and then glanced at the other letters. Disregarding one after another, he paused on the last letter. It was addressed to the
Seb stepped closer. His hand slid up John’s arm and wrapped around the back of John’s neck. He squeezed lightly until John looked up and into his eyes.
“Sherlock – oh, God – not every soldier gets killed. He could be somewhere safe like German or France. And be sent home without a scratch on him.” Greg winced.
John thought he was going to melt right there. All that would be left would be a puddle on the living room floor. A glistening reminder of Sherlock’s very talented fingers.
“Oh, God, Sherlock . . . why didn’t you tell me. I would have . . . I wouldn’t . . .” John’s words conflicted with his want for the omega.
“Then I suggest you learn my name and use it . . . sir.” The omega was not going to be accused of insubordination.
“Look, we were just there to tell Magnussen to back off. That the wedding was being called off. If you saw the CCTV then you know we were standing right there with him when he was shot.” John glared at the man. More than anything, he simply wanted to punch Mycroft in the face, but he knew he needed to civil around Sherlock’s family.
“Threaten you?” Sherlock asked whimsically. “I believe I will be the one making the demands this time.”
“I’ll leave you a list of what I take so you will know what to tell the paramedics.” Sherlock joked.
Sherlock finally turned and looked at John. He glanced at the glass in the omega’s hand then back up at the doctor, frowning.
But before Sherlock could pull back, Mycroft asked. “What if John wants nothing to do with you? You are the one who abandoned him. You are the one who refused to wait. He may not wish to see you again.”
Mycroft’s car paused before the entrance of Kings College Hospital and Mycroft quickly got out. He marched into the hospital and to the wards without asking anyone directions. He was planning on exactly what he was going to say to his younger brother. He was going to tell Sherlock that this behavior could longer go on. That Sherlock’s drug abuse needed to stop immediately. Sherlock could no longer pine for John Watson. Mycroft had the entire speech planned out by the time his hand pushed open the door of the ward.
“I’m not going anywhere, John. He won’t drive me away. You are too damn important to me.” A small smile came to Seb’s scared face.
“That’s a question we could ask ourselves every day. Why are we here? What are we here for? Is there a reason for all this?” Culverton smiled and waved his hand above his head.
Seb’s arms came up and wrapped around John’s body, pulling his close. John felt the bulge in front of Seb’s trousers pressed into his hip. The kissing became more urgent and messy. Seb’s fingers reached up and dragged through John’s short hair. The soft blonde strands bristling through Seb’s callous fingers.
Magnussen knew he never wanted to be indebted to Moriarty. He could see how ruthless the man could be. If he proceeded with this relationship with the man, Magnussen needed to turn the tables and make it Moriarty who owed him the favor, and not the other way around.
“Yes, I do . . . but you’re not one of my patients.” John said over his shoulder as he kept walking to the door of the ward.
Sherlock held his ground as he stared at John. “You have no idea what I went through with your departure. I told you I loved you. I wasn’t lying to you.”
Greg stared at the two men as they held each other. For a brief moment, Greg’s face flushed red then back as he regained his control.
“Except, no one has the balls to be seen coming or going from my office today. How many cancellation for meetings?” Mycroft said.
“John became a soldier. He left. And I left too. No reason to expect any contact. He’s moved on with what life he might have and so have I.”
“You said . . .” John turned and glared at Sherlock. Glared at the man who admitted loving him then ten minutes later said he killed a man.
“Detective Lestrade of the Metropolitan Police. This is PC White. We are here to speak to a Sherlock Holmes.”
“Aren’t you the one being boring . . . predictable?” Sherlock shifted and tried to move himself between John and sniper but couldn’t. “Heat bonded omegas have lasted as much as two years after the traumatic break of a bond. Most die within a few days, especially if they witness the alpha’s death. Unless they bond with another alpha soon after the death of their first mate.”
Sherlock looked down to see John’s shoulder was bleeding. John was pale and having a difficult time breathing.
2005       John was trying to stay awake but the lecture was just droning on. John’s head rested on his fist and his eyes were drooping closed, once, then twice, then they shut. He felt sleep fold over him as he sat in the warm lecture hall and the man’s monotone voice continued.
Ryan and Jerry started to argue with the man as John glanced up. The voice of the grey haired man was familiar. John recognized the face, the warm brown eyes and stern look.
He reached up and laid his right hand over Sherlock’s brow. Sherlock felt the coolness of John’s skin and it was strange. John was always warmer than him. It seemed odd to think of John with cool skin. John stood and opened his bag.
John smiled and looked at the bottle. It was a good quality scotch. He would have to track Greg Lestrade down and offer him a drink.
He pushed a few buttons and pulled up a photo of the dead man. He handed the phone to John. Sherlock quickly stood up and rushed over, trying to grab the phone from John’s hands. John held onto it and glared.
“Not interesting enough.” Sherlock said as he grabbed his coat. He spun it around to slip his arms through the sleeves and started to walk out of the lecture hall.
Moran watched him for a few seconds. He knew there was nothing he could say now to convince John that his motives had changed the longer he knew the doctor. He wanted John for his own now. He wanted to keep John away from both Holmes and Moriarty.
“John, I thought we already talked about this. I don’t want someone else. I don’t want to be someone else. I can be myself with you. You can be yourself and not lie. We can be ourselves.”
“Buckingham Palace? . . . I’m serious fighting the impulse to steal an ashtray . . . What are we doing here? Seriously, what?”
“So you are willing to alter our living arrangements?” Sherlock asked feeling his heart begin to beat faster.
John thought his legs were about to crumple under him. Before he could answer he felt the tug at the button for his jeans and the fly being opened. He closed his eyes and tapped his head against the wall behind him. Sherlock’s fingers teased John’s length covered by the cotton briefs. John bit his cheek to keep the keen from escaping his mouth.
A young boy came in carrying a bucket or water and a pile of clothes. “Here, mister. Capt’n said’ bring these to you.”
“I assure you, I know nothing about shooting in Dockland or any subsequent murders.” Mycroft let his voice remain calm and relaxed.
“Not you, of course, but your master Sir Henry Baskerville has been a naughty boy, hasn’t he?” Mycroft ignored the other two men as they placed branding irons in the fire.
“Having never been an omega, I can understand why you would believe something so completely erroneous and insulting. But you are completely wrong. I do not need nor want an alpha.”
John leaned into Sherlock’s body and the older man guided John down the hallway and into the bedroom. John twisted in Sherlock’s embrace and started to push his jeans down as he kicked his trainers off. Sherlock’s warm hands swept over John’s torso. His teeth closed over John’s neck; sucking a bruise into pulse point on John.
“A list of what I had taken . . . just in case. So he would know what to do.” Sherlock continued. “He said he would always be there for me. He would always protect me. He lied.”
Sherlock’s wet clothes clung to his body as he shivered. The heavy hammer hit the wedge sitting on top of the manacle’s lock. The vibration sent painful shockwaves up Sherlock’s arm. He winced but didn’t move. The hammer hit the wedge again and the lock broke. The chains fell away from his wrists. His hands were free.
“None of the three had the same nurses or doctors. They wouldn’t have access to the security system. No, not the medical staff.” Sherlock said.
“Uhm, not a doctor yet.” John said as he placed the bin down outside the door of the flat. “What can I do for you?”
Sherlock smiled and stood up. He stalked John across the room as the younger boy backed up into a wall.
The harbor of Charlotte Amalie was wide and deep but the island itself reached around to enclosed it. The channel out of the harbor was narrow. It was less than seven hundred feet between Hassel Island, a hilly island on the west side of the harbor and Rupert’s Rock, an outcropping of rocks in the middle of the channel. It was busy channel and ships were to take it slowly as to not crowd one another.
“The roof. If we can get him up there with John, then we are protected on one side. There aren’t any buildings on the east side that have a direct line of sight for a sniper.”
Moran roared as he spun and threw the picture frame as hard as he could at the opposite wall. The picture frame shattered, and crashed to the floor. Splintered wood and broken glass. The alpha could feel the release of adrenaline rush through his body. The heady indulgence of a primitive need to destroy.
“Because of this, Sherlock will do whatever I tell him to do, you insignificant little man.” Magnussen addressed John directly as he waved the thumb drive under his nose. “If I tell Sherlock to get down on his knees and suck me off here in the middle of Borough Market, then he will kneel before me and do so. Make a spectacle of himself for my pleasure.”
The intriguing question was why had Watson killed Magnussen? Was it because of Sherlock? What did Watson want with Sherlock? Was Watson involved in some kind of omega trafficking ring? Did he plan on selling Sherlock off to some rich foreign alpha? If he did, Mycroft was going to make it very clear that Captain John Watson had picked the wrong omega to mess with. Mycroft had been the pack alpha for his family ever since his father’s indiscretion. If it was something else - something romantic, Mycroft would make certain to stop that too.
John’s oiled finger lightly grazed over the furloughed skin of Sherlock’s entrance. Sherlock rolled his head back up and he slowly opened his eyes.
“I was unaware that this flat had become Doctor Watson’s territory.” Mycroft said as he entered the room.
John glanced at the half moon scar on Sherlock’s abdomen, then he noticed Sherlock’s arms. The tiny pale scars of injections were noticeable in the warm skin of his elbow.
He had been to the orientation for the medical students to start picking their clinical rotation. John had information for several different programs but the one for the Royal Army Medical Corp was the one that interested him the most. He had wanted to do his residence in the army after medical school and the idea of doing his clinical rotation there would be perfect.
“I have it in writing. All of the new world. Every colony that England shall establish in the Americas. And all their wealth. Millions of pounds, pouring into our hands.” The man smiled broadly.
Mycroft knew instantly it wasn’t Sherlock. The dead man’s hair was blond. The lips of the corpse were pulled back in a grimace and showed several teeth were missing.
“Oh, Sherlock . . . what have you done this time?” The grey haired woman worried at a handkerchief in her hand. “Upstairs . . . the police.”
The teenager took the obligation seriously. He loved Sherlock. He did everything he could to protect his brother. Even forbidding James Moriarty joining their family when their father returned.
“I’ll tell her I’m sorry when I see her again,” John said. He glanced up as the waitress brought Mike’s food over. She set down the plate with the sandwich and refreshed Mike’s coffee, ignoring John’s.
“We have been friends for years. Mummy agreed. You do not get a vote in this.” Sherlock grabbed another box and walked down the short hallway to his future bedroom.
A day later, John woke up with a burning itch deep inside himself. He felt warm all over. It was beginning. He wondered how fast Sherlock could get back to the flat. Then he noticed the wonderful smell in his room. Like cognac and almonds. He rolled over to see Sherlock sitting on the edge of his bed.
As a young boy, John spent every day of his life being threatened. Threatened by his abusive father. Threatened by the dangerous people he and his sister had met when they were living on the streets. Threatened by his personal choices. Threatened by the hardships of life itself.
Sherlock growled. He hadn’t noticed his brother come into the room. Mycroft moved to stand at the foot of the bed and looked down at his brother before he addressed the woman.
Sherlock stiffened his back and stood up straight. He shoved his hands deep into the pockets of his coat.
“Did they also tell you that I am better versed in those subjects than the professors? Seriously, I should be teaching the class on contemporary anthropology.” Sherlock spoke with contempt.
Jim leaned forward. He brought his hand up and dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock began to tip his head back but Jim closed his fist and held Sherlock’s head in place. The sting of his hair being pulled distracted Sherlock for the second it took for Jim to push up on to his toes and kiss the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
Something about finding the murderers made John think of Sherlock again. He wondered if he tried to reach out to Sherlock asking for help with the case that maybe, just maybe, Sherlock would speak to him. Not knowing what else to do, he sat down and wrote the letter. He mailed it to the Chemistry department at his university. Maybe they would be able to know where Sherlock was. Maybe Sherlock was finally teaching at the school.
“I will give you three days before the formal announcement is made. I mean, you must inform my future mother-in-law of the happy news. Also you will ignore any rebuttals from Sherlock.”
“Over there,” one of the soldiers in the backseat pointed at a distant field that looked like it had snow on it. “Poppies.”
Frankie smiled. “Will see. Tonight, you work with Martin. Do what he does and listen to him. If he thinks you can handle yourself, you have a job. Also, you know about the uniform?”
John dosed off round four in the morning, falling asleep beside the dark haired man. He’s sleep crowded with dreams of Sherlock call out to him. Begging him to stay. He woke with a start an hour later to see Sherlock sitting up in bed and watching him.
Mycroft laid still in the bed waiting. He could hear Sherlock arguing with Detective Inspector Lestrade in the hallway. He wondered if that would be a deterrent to his next visitor. At least Sherlock had brought him his umbrella as he had instructed. He was relieved to feel the weight of it beside him on the bed. Relieved his deductions about Sherlock’s response were correct.
“Yes, but my two sons where already quite grown. Sherlock was fifteen and Mycroft . . . well he had already graduated from University and was working.”
Barrels of fresh water were being rolled up the gang planks onto the ship’s decks, as well as barrels of hard tack and salted meats.
John had been happy at Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson was a great landlady. She brought fresh baked biscuits up to him just when he needed the boost. John wasn’t sure how the older woman knew when he had a late night study session but the biscuits always appeared just as he needed them.
The attorney cleared his throat. “Ah, sir . . . we have not been able to negotiate with the Black Lotus Tong since the death of General Shan.”
John gave a sudden jerk to his head and shook it no. He stepped further back and then returned to dancing more conservatively. His eyes open and wary. The relaxed smile gone from his face. Seb watched him for several minutes and when the music changed to a slower song, Seb followed John off the floor.
“Yes. You see I took a shine to you. You probably didn’t know it since we never formally met, but I knew about you. I had seen you and Victor together. You know the ubiquitous office parties and client get-togethers. I was actually there. As a client. Victor was supposed to help me funnel my ill-gotten gains into legitimate businesses that I could later remove the money from. He was my financial planner. But he was never very good at business.”
“Excuse me but you did reserve this room. We received the specific request for theses rooms from your office.” The hotel manager corrected Mycroft.
“It was searched after we received news that your brother was seen entering the building. There was no trace of him. One of the women who worked there said he was there that night and with another man. She had set up a pipe for the two of them to share.” Mycroft forced himself to remain unreadable as the information of Sherlock’s drug use became common knowledge around the island. “When she returned to check on them, they were both gone.”
“Even you. I’m deemed okay as long as I keep Sherlock’s mind engaged and keep him from getting injured. This concussion will cause a ripple but hopefully I’ll only have to be yelled at for an hour by the pompous arse.”
“John, you must see how much I care about you. How connected I feel towards you. Please, let me in.”
“I . . . I . . . When Moriarty kidnapped you . . . when I saw that bomb strapped to you . . . I became frantic.”
Thank you for the wonderful support you have given me through this story. I hope you have enjoyed it. And I hope to be hearing from you for my next story.
“If you do anything to John . . . if you try to harm my alpha in any way, I swear I’ll never work with you again. I’ll never solve another case for you.” Sherlock threatened in a harsh whispered voice.
“What he knows and what he understands are two different things. He knew you need to go away to finish your training to become a doctor but he understood you were leaving too, just like his parents, just like his brother.”
Moran growled inside. They were still together. The woman didn’t seem surprised to see the tall alpha standing at her door. He tried to seem less threatening.
“Jawn . . . please.” Sherlock whispered as his hands moved down John’s back to the roundness of his backside.
The two Holmes turned to see Jim Moriarty standing in the doorway. Behind the man was Anthea, still tapping away on her Blackberry, apparently unsurprised by the man’s presences.
John stood up suddenly, pushing the chair over. He stomped off to the bathroom. Sherlock glared at John’s retreating back. He wondered if he could call Frankie and get him to fire John. But if he did, John would never forgive him. Frowning, he went off to bed. Flopping down on his side of the bed he waited. He listened to the water in the shower. John was a creature of habit and very efficient at showering. He knew John would be done in eight minutes then would join him in the bedroom.
“I don’t know exactly. I mean it could be nothing but . . . it seemed staged to me,” Greg said. “First off, the windows were open. It had been raining for about an hour before we found him, but his windows were open. Second off, he was frying a steak for dinner.”
“The evidence would be easily thrown out of court. Nothing he learned could be tied to any ongoing investigations and I felt reasonably certain he wouldn’t betray our previous closeness for the purpose of furthering his career.”
The pub was just around the corner from the New Scotland Yard building. John considered it ridiculous to call the eighty-five-year-old building ‘New’, but that was the peculiar practice in England. The famously photographed New Scotland Yard was built in the late sixties, but the Met moved out of that building and back over to the Embankment and into a building previously used as police headquarters during WWII.
It took John almost half an hour to negotiate the traffic and the crowds as he walked from Sherlock’s building to his own flat south east of Bart’s. He took the stairs two at a time until he was standing at his own door. He fumbled with the keys, cursing as he tried to find his flat key. Before he could unlock the door, it flew open and Seb Moran was standing in John’s flat.
John pulled Sherlock back further from the man. John twisted his hand behind his back to grab his gun. His fingertips had just touched the composite grip when the side of Magnussen’s head explode out. Magnussen’s body slumped like a puppet who had his strings cut. He fell to the side, then landed in a heap on the tarmac.
“Why am I texting a dead woman?” John asked wondering if the omega was purposefully trying to get John tangled up with the cops.
James was surprised to see the man there. At first he thought it was a police officer but James had met the man on several occasions before. He wondered briefly why the blond was there.
John sat perfectly still as Sherlock glared at him. The final words hung in the air between them. Both men realizing the implications of what had just been said and how the other person would be reacting to them. John wanted to scream or cry or hit the man, but he couldn’t. It was just prove to Sherlock, he was the child that the man was treating him like.
“Strokes are a complication of broken bones, especially in older patients.” The doctor continued. “There is no reason to suspect some form of malpractice.”
John was still looking at the faces of the crowd when he heard a loud thud and a collective gasp from the audience. He glanced back to see the crossbow bolt lodged into the wooden target and the man who had been chained there, laying on the floor, freed. The crowd broke out in excited applause as the man slowly climbed to his feet.
“I know your father is more than likely dead. Given the extent of his drinking, it’s not surprising.”
“Frankie, you need to leave London. Leave England if you can. It won’t be safe for you here anymore. Just leave. Tonight if you can. No later than tomorrow. And don’t let me ever see you again.”
Moriarty removed his handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his hands. “I can understand the enjoyment you receive in the physicality of strangulation.”
Just then John noticed the dark haired man from earlier, run out of the building. He was shouting something about ‘
“Gunshot wound. I was given information that Moriarty was going to be at Dockland from a reliable source. I went there with the boys. It was a trap. We had to shoot our way out. I know I kill two of them, but I was shot in the leg. John removed the bullet and stitched me up.” Sherlock explained.
He walked with a limp now and his hand had a tremor, but it didn’t matter. John had gotten a job working as a trauma doctor in the A and E of St. Bart’s Hospital. He was starting his shift as he pushed open the door on the doctors’ lounge and stepped out into the busy hallways of the department. The evening shift was coming to an end and the night shift was just coming on. There was the general hum of voices and occasional cries of pain. The phone was ringing at the admitting desk and no one was answering it. A normal Friday night in London.
He took a step forward and held out his hand, but Sherlock pulled the letter back further from John’s reach.
John felt he was fitting in. John felt he was finally doing something he could be proud of. He was a success and he was saving lives. It was important to him. He was making friends and had even convincing several of the other staff members to start up a rugby team. It didn’t matter he never heard anything from anyone in England. It was fine. He had purposefully cut himself off from everyone and everything that would remind him of Sherlock. He tried to convince himself it was better that way.
Greg blinked several times. He had never told anyone he had fantasized about the young omega. No one – not once.
The small omega ignoring the alpha as he turned and smiled at the Colonel. Moran arms were crossed over his chest and a knowing smirk of praise and admiration played at his lips. John Watson was unique and he was John’s closest friend.
“This is unacceptable. I can not allow you to compromise my position by your weaknesses. There must be consequences for this Sherlock.”
It had been a week since John had walked out of 221 B. Sherlock was reclining on the couch and staring up at the ceiling. He was still dressed in his pajamas. He had worn the same pajamas for the last four days. He wrapped his silk dressing gown around him like a protective shield. His bare feet propped up on the arm of the sofa. He had taken to sleeping on the couch. He didn’t want to return to his bed.
“He is safe for the time being. Well, when I say safe, he is not being . . . overtly harmed. I’m sure the men he is with are entertaining him. I found out he was very popular when he was in the army. Did you know that? He did love being fucked by a man in a uniform.”
“You could just sleep with her. No commitments. No promises.” Sherlock’s eyes were locked on the computer screen but his attention was on John.
“I told you I am fine, John. And since the mood has been ruined for the evening, you should probably go before my brother gets here.”
“It is obvious to know what happened next. How much did you pay him to not relay the information to me that Jim Moriarty was here with you?”
“I didn’t realize it at the time, but I think it was a set up by Trevor. Somehow he knew I knew Wilderbrant. He came in there to flaunt that they were dating. I made a point of telling Wilderbrant that Trevor was dangerous, and he came at me with a beer bottle.”
Behind them the building continued to burn. The water from the hoses had turned the smoke from black to pale grey. The morning breezes still pulled it away from them as the rising sun finally reached their faces. The trail of tears down their soot smudged faces glistened in the sunlight. John held Sherlock’s face still and whispered into his mouth.
“NO.” John shouted, then regretted it. “Sorry – look, I’m tired and I smell of stale beer, and I just want to go to sleep. Can we just talk about this later – when we’re not so angry.”
“Idiots.” Elizabeth said as she folded the newspaper and tossed it onto the tray with the remains of her breakfast. “Anyone who knows you, knows that you are innocent of this.”
John wanted to deny it but his mouth was too dry to speak. He could feel the sting of tears coming to his eyes. He blinked them away as he held Seb’s gaze.
The image of Holmes laying hands’ on his omega made Moran slip his finger in through the trigger guard and rest his index finger on the metal trigger. He could feel the groves of the trigger under his skin. He started to breath slowly. Matching his breaths to his heartbeat.
“I needed to be sure it was safe.” John reached up and placed his palms on either side of Sherlock’s face. “I lost you once, I don’t want to go through that again. Thank God, that Lestrade’s bullet proof vest worked.”
“You know you don’t need to do that.” John said as he slipped into the booth near the back of the pub.
“I don’t care what you want. You can’t stay on this ship and it would be safer for us if you weren’t. Whoever is after you apparently is willing to kill to get you.” John said.
Irene cocked her head to the side and stared at him. “You are not the first man to ever say that to me.”
Thank you for the wonderful comments. I am having a hard time with knowing if I need to increase the rating on this story. My writing tends to be heavy on plot but there will be sexual acts and they will be described, well, vividly. I hope I don't offend anyone. Having said that, hand jobs in this chapter. Also, I've updated the tags. Please check.
James watched as the light shifted in Moran’s eyes. The sudden sickening thrill rushed through James’ stomach. He knew he went too far . . . or maybe he went far enough. Moran growled deeply. An intense threating growl that rumbled from the hollows of the earth. Ancient and foreboding. James didn’t even have time to react before Moran pushed his face into James’. Their mouths smeared across each other’s. It wasn’t a kiss, it was an assault. There was no passion, only violence and the promise of more violence.
The two men were back at the house John and James were renting. Mycroft having begrudgingly agreed to let Sherlock stay with John after the two had helped him avoid jail.
John and Sherlock looked at each other. They waited for the other to come up with the reason. The solution to Mycroft’s puzzle. Neither man knew. It was a mystery.
“Maybe I should be more like you . . . should I take your bond mate home and be the good little omega for him? Suck him off whenever he snaps his fingers.”
Charles Augustus Magnussen was recently widowed. His last omega, Ian Harris Magnussen, had allegedly committed suicide. According to the investigation, the simpleton had jumped off the roof of Magnussen’s publishing office building. The poor omega’s bruised and broken body sprawled on the pavement for everyone to see. The publicity had been unwelcome to Magnussen but nothing he couldn’t deal with.
“I figured out who they were. We came to stop them and well, Moran got the jump on me. John was forced to take the gun away from Moriarty and shoot Moran. It was as simple as that.” Sherlock lied beautifully. John thought he would have been a great actor if he wasn’t a detective.
Brian Dimmit sat opposite John, leaning back in his chair as he read through a police file. They had been sitting there for at least twenty minutes, without Dimmit asking a single question. John was getting frustrated.
Mycroft Holmes power started with his father, Siger Holmes. Mycroft was born the year after Charles II and his brother James had returned to England. Siger had worked hard to return the monarchy to England. He was proud to have aided Charles and James’ return.
There was a hesitation of only a few seconds and then the Morstan rocked again to the side as the cannons fired. Water splashed up and covered the deck of the Hound. The ship rocked as holes were punched into its side. The hull groaned and the ship listed further to the left.
“No, doctor. I think that was you. Let me buy you a drink.” The stranger said taking John’s hand and shaking it hard.
2010       Mycroft Holmes sat at his desk looking over the various photos he had been mailed. They were glossy black and white photos of his brother and the man’s boyfriend. Mycroft had not like John Watson when he first met him. The fact that the Iceman had foolishly mistaken the man for Moriarty was partly to blame but it was also the fact that Sherlock was so completely and totally besotted with the man. Sherlock had set John in the center of his life and everything he did was for the purpose of keeping John close. Including taking on work from Mycroft to help pay for John’s education.
John looked inside the sack and saw a bottle of shampoo and shower gel. John had never heard of the brand before but it had to have cost five times what his normal shampoo cost. He opened the bottle and took a sniff. It had no scent at all. He set it back down and decided to go off to bed. Maybe tomorrow he would see Sherlock.
The omega growled and reached up and slipped his fingers into Sherlock’s curls. The black strands were as soft as John always imagined they would be. He pulled Sherlock down to his lips and kissed again. This time Sherlock seemed to let his control slip. He pushed harder and opened his mouth to suck in John’s lower lip. Sherlock’s hands reached up and wrapped around the smaller man’s body. He pulled John closer to his body and hummed in pleasure.
John rushed forward and wrapped his arm around his girlfriend’s waist. “He’s my flatmate. I told you.”
Sherlock took a step deeper into the room and fixed his eyes on the pool of blood on the wooden floorboards. The fresh metallic smell clung to the back of his throat and it made it difficult for the detective to focus. He closed his eyes and remember the photo of John getting into the car with Moriarty. John was not bloody. There was no indication he had been shot or injured.
“I want you to decline your residency with the army.” Sherlock said in as neutral voice as he could manage.
The next scrum, James joined in. As the ball was thrown into the middle of the group, the first rain drops fell. The game continued. The other team scored and the field became a muddy mess. Even Colonel Bennett came out to watch as the men dove into the game full hearted. The war was forgotten for a few hours. The men shared a few moments of without fear.
A fleeting smile came and went from Sherlock’s face. “You’re the one who had the connections. You’d been doing this for years – decades if you were working when John was a child. And with Moriarty as your front man, you could hide in plain sight. Sitting here on your dais, watching the people dance around you like marionettes, without anyone knowing you were the one holding the strings.
“Is this because I took the job at the club? I don’t understand why it would matter so much to you, but I’ll quit. Just don’t do something stupid like this again.”
Most of the other recruits dismissed John because of his height. They thought he would be a push over. The first day of hand to hand combat training convinced them otherwise. John would smile slightly and wink. It would generally confuse his opponent and then they would charge him. Using techniques he learned in rugby, he dodged they attacks and using his agility and strength he easily knocked them off their feet. The other soldiers quickly learned to not underestimate the short doctor.
“I can make you feel real’ good, you know. I can make you forget about everything. Make you relax completely.”
Lestrade noticed her hand slipped from the desk top to under the counter. He imagined a button there to warn the criminals in the back. Lestrade grabbed for the microphone on his shoulder and pressed the activation button.
Sherlock moved closer and tried to figure out what Barr was doing and where John was. There was block and tackle attached to an arm of the mast. Ropes dropped down the side of the boat. Sherlock looked over and saw John and George Blackwood dangling from small wooden platforms right by the damaged bulkhead. The hole made by the cannon ball was now twice as large. It appeared the damaged wood had been cut out and John and Blackwood were trying to be hammered in new planks of wood. John and Blackwood were struggling to hold the wooden plank over the damaged side.
“John why must you comment on the obvious.” Sherlock said as he crawled across the floor to reach John’s outstretched hand.
“On the contrary, Inspector. We were discussing John’s experiences in the army hospital in Kabul.” Mycroft flexed his fingers on the arms of the chair.
Sherlock waited a moment then turned and walked to the door. “Any intelligent person would make the same assumption about you, John. The way you live. Withdrawn and reclusive. I’m surprised you didn’t take holy orders and become a monk. You were always good at self-flagellation. No wonder none of your army buddies have made any attempt to reconnect with you.”
The smoldering fire quickly lit the bedding. Thick grey smoke began to fill the room. John and Moran were on their feet again. Blood smeared Moran’s face and John’s left hand ached from the burns. Again Moran tried to punch John, but the doctor/soldier deflected the wild swing of Moran’s fist with his elbow and forearm. John followed through with a solid jab to Moran’s ribs. John could feel the give and crunch of breaking bones.
John paused behind a skip, peaking around the corner, when a large black demon dropped into the skip next to him. John’s heart about leapt out of his chest. He jumped back as he twisted and pointed the Browning at the man frantically tossing rubbish out of the skip. To John’s surprise it was the unusual dark haired stranger he had been following. The man seemed to be searching for something within the refuse.
Mycroft glanced up. His usually unflappable assistant was sweating. Her skin was flushed and her eyes wide in fear.
“I don’t think so. He got angry at one on my forensic techs and set the man’s car on fire.” Greg said as he watched the two Holmes leave.
“Okay, then I’ll take care of the man in the alley and that leaves you Barton to take care of the guy by the café.” James said.
An officer was fighting for his life against a pirate. The pirate was tall. Well over six foot. His hair was streaked with grey but wild and unkept. Heavy muttonchops covered his jawline and connected to a long bushy moustache. The man’s skin was darkly tanned and his hands gnarled with scars.
John growled. He knew he was there because with James’ scar, the major would be more memorable than the captain. John put on the tuxedo and forced himself to look as non-threatening as he could. He walked into the room with other guests to the gala. Just another nameless alpha in the crowd. He took the offered glass of champagne and started to study the room.
John returned to London, unsure what his future held for him. He was required to see a therapist for six months to received his disability from the army. But he felt it was a waste of his time. His tremor grew worse and he started to have nightmares. Everything that once was so familiar to him, now seemed strange and foreign. He went for walks as often has he could because sitting alone in his bedsit only caused him to wish he were dead.
“I haven’t met one yet, although my brother does have an assistant that might come close if she wasn’t so foolishly devoted to Mycroft.”
Alfie and Judy’s flat was crowded and loud. The music was competing with people’s conversations for volume. John was leaning against a wall watching the crowd swarm back and forth. The beer in his hand was getting warm. It was his second in an hour and he was forcing himself to drink this one slowly. Both his father and sister had a problem with alcohol and John wanted to make sure he didn’t fall into the same abyss they found themselves in.
“Ah, no . . . the heat is over . . . I just want to get cleaned up.” John said, still blushing as the naked man stood over him.
Moran felt the omega relax beside him. It was like they were back in Sangin. The two of them laughing and sharing stories, ignoring the world around them. Moran felt a weight lift from his shoulders as he looked into John’s deep blue eyes.
“No, that was a member of a rival gang, but I wasn’t in the mood to retaliate. It was after you and your sister ran away.” Frankie glanced over at John. “He was dead and your mom was dead. And I thought that was that. I never thought of ‘im again until you walked in the door with Sherlock.”
“I was in lectures in the morning. We met up after class and went for a walk then back to the flat afterwards and we were together for the rest of the day.”
“Well, yes, but a Model M, 380 ACP made in 1945 was found in the dead man’s hand.” Sherlock held up a photo of the dead man’s hand with the old gun still resting in his palm.
John had wanted to see the man be given the guilty verdict. He wanted to see Moriarty’s face as he was convicted of Dimmock’s death and all the other pain and suffering he had caused.
John reached up and gently rubbed his thumb across Moran’s scar. Brushing the hair back to see it clearer.
Sherlock pulled back to stare into John’s face. Suddenly, Sherlock was frowning. He buried his face into John’s neck as he sped up his movements. Sherlock’s hand moved between them, reaching for John’s prick. He wrapped his fingers around it and started to stroke John in unison with his thrusts. John twisted his head to the side exposing more of his tan skin to Sherlock to lick and bite at.
“That’s not you, John.” Frankie said incredibly soft. Like he was speaking to a frightened confused child.
Jefferson Hope stood on the wheel deck and watched as the cargo was loaded. Beside him stood Sherlock. Ankles and wrists in iron shackles. Sherlock was carrying around an extra fifty pounds of weight.
“The man’s watch is on his left wrist. There are callouses on the index finger of his right hand. His right wrist is thick than the left and the right forearm is more muscled. The man is right handed.”
“They are good for fucking but not really anything else. Too fragile. Too clingy. That’s why I leave before they wake up and expect me to bond with them.” John dropped his voice to a whisper.
In the background, John heard James’ voice. “Where is the damn airstrike?! Get their asses in the air!”
Sherlock didn’t keep his promise. As soon as John had left the room, he rushed out of the flat and over to Frankie’s Backdoor. It was still an hour before the doors would officially open. Sherlock walked into the empty bar as if he owned the place. Frankie was sitting at the bar going over the invoices when he saw the younger man. Frankie shook his head and placed a hand over his face.
Mycroft looked at the two men then nodded his head. “We are not done, Sherlock. I will be in contact. Do you wish me to make arrangements for your belongs to be retrieved from Trevor’s flat?”
“He is the teaching assistant to Crowley. According to some of the professors, he knows more about biochemistry that Crowley does.” Mike said smugly.
The men grabbed weapons and started to fight against Magnussen’s men. Smoke from the burning ship burned their eyes and choked them. The crew of the Morstan swept over onto the Appledore to extract revenge. It was a bloody and violent fight.
Sherlock pushed and the two men stepped in unison towards the wall. When Sherlock had John pinned to the wall, he returned to kissing his neck.
John quickly learned he enjoyed shooting. After several weeks of training he received marksmen scores with a rifle and excellent scores with a sidearm.
Mycroft and Sherlock glanced quickly at each other. Mycroft again saw something determined in Sherlock’s eyes.
“No. I stayed with Sherlock until they stabilized him. Set him up in a detox unit at St. Bart’s. Went to visit him for the first week, then his family found him again. They whisked him off to some fancy private rehab place in Sussex. Took me three months to find him again but I wasn’t going to leave him alone with them.”
Moran pulled away from the rifle. His clothes were soaked with sweat. His muscle were tight and knotted with anxiety. He closed his eyes and tried to breath. John would be safe.
Eddy Malik and Sean McMillian walked down the pavement towards the male and female SAS officers on the bench. Eddy and McMillian were arguing about a football match. Both were waving their hands around. Just as they got even with bench, McMillian shoved Eddy backwards. Eddy threw his arms out to catch himself but only grabbed air. He fell into the couple on the bench. Eddy’s cup of coffee flung across the SAS man’s shirt and trousers. The man cursed and leapt to his feet.
Sherlock took a deep sigh. He needed to deboard. He didn’t want to, but John had insisted. John, the enigmatic and unusual captain of the Morstan. Sherlock wondered if he had ever met a man as open and plain in appearance but as much as any puzzle he ever put before him. Regretting having to leave, he opened the door of the gun room and walked out on deck.
Sherlock glanced around the room again. Then stepped closer to the door leading into the rest of the house. “Do you and James share a bedroom?”
Mycroft disconnected the intercom. He hoped it wasn’t too late to prevent his brother from bonding with John Watson.
“Honestly, if you are going to forget so easily, maybe you should reconsider a career as a surgeon.”
Sherlock turned and glanced at the woman then up the wooden staircase. He pulled himself away from John and started to rush up the stairs. Taking them two at a time. John went to follow him, then stopped.
He had been placed into the robbery division. Most of the crimes were easily solved ‘smash and grabs’ by local gangs and known criminals. Boring. Occasionally, there would be something unusual, a theft of diamond necklace or a bank robbery. But those cases were given to the more experienced detectives. Greg couldn’t blame his boss for assigning the cases to the veteran officers, but it left Greg with a great deal of job dissatisfaction.
“Yes, and he was paid in drugs. He picked up a small package every two weeks from our friend Frankie.” Jim started to walk around the room again. “And then Victor would share his little packages with you.”
Sherlock groaned and closed his eyes as the tight muscles in his neck were kneaded. McMath waited as Sherlock became pliant in his hands. McMath leaned forward and whispered.
John heard the thumps of running feet then the door of the bathroom banged open. The omega was too exhausted to be startled. He looked up to a very naked Sherlock standing in the door way. The alpha’s body was tense, as if he was about to run for his life. His face was flushed and his eyes wide with excitement.
“I’m sure Anderson and Donavan will file another complaint about our behavior.” Sherlock smiled back at John.
“Don’t let them scare you, John. I can call you John can’t I? I mean we are in a friendly game.” Mary’s voice was soft and warm.
“Well, young man, if you think you are such an expert, maybe you should teach the class.” The man suggested fulling expecting Sherlock to back down.
Sherlock couldn’t sleep. He left his flat around five in the morning and went walking. He traveled the city. He watched the deliveries to the restaurants and the shops. He stood with the commuters as they crowded the platforms of the tube stations. He listened to the city come awake around him. The horns and whistles. The muted conversations. The heartbeat.
“The one on the far right is John Blackwood. Next to him is Henn. Then Major Sholto and on the far left is Bill, Bill Murry. He saved my life.” John said as he kept staring at the photograph.
“What? But that doesn’t make sense. Why would the same gun be used? They didn’t know anyone in common,” said John.
Sherlock stood quickly and put on his coat. He knew the one person who could help him put the pieces together.
The Caribbean moon was bright and washed the sea in pale blue light. In the distance, Blackwood could see the French island of Guadeloupe. He walked the middle deck again and noticed a small light coming up from the gun deck hatch. Silently, he climbed down the stairs to the main deck and poked his head through the hatch.
Frankie smiled again. “Let’s say you’re right and I’m some kind’a scary criminal mastermind – don’t you think I would be prepared incase you came in here and figured out who I was?”
“Take me to the gallery and let me look over the evidence. Then I will tell you who did it. Afterwards, you let me see the evidence they have in Victor’s death.”
John stepped back and let Sherlock enter the flat. Sherlock glanced around the small space. John closed the door and crossed the small space to the kitchen. He sat down at the kitchen table. In front of him was an open bottle of scotch and a partially filled glass. He grabbed the glass and took another drink as Sherlock quickly accessed John’s living space.
Both John and Blackwood were shirtless. Sweat streaked down their torsos. Black tattoos stood out in contrast to Blackwood’s pale body. His sinew arms wheeled the ten-pound sledge into the wood. Just before they could get the plank attached, the weight of the board would pull it out of position.
Sholto’s turquoise eyes flashed at John, then he laughed. Loud and boisterous. But his smile didn’t reach his eyes as they grew darker. “Those strips on your sleeve don’t mean much out here. Being a soldier is more important than rank.”
“I think you would be considered the idiot for taking the drugs in the first place.” John said looking sideways at the slightly older boy. “So why am I here? Surely you don’t expect me to have your drugs?”
Sherlock was quickly putting the watch back together as John was yelling at McMath. When McMath left, John turned to attention and anger towards Sherlock.
John grabbed nape of Sherlock’s neck and pulled the man forward for a desperate kiss. Then John blew out the light before slowly opening the door of his cabin. The room beyond was dark. John slipped through the door and closed. Leaving Sherlock alone.
Moran felt the spark run through his body at John using his name. He wanted to hear the omega use it again and in the right circumstances. He took the advantage and slapped John on the shoulder in comradery. “No, John . . . you brought yourself here. You’ve proved you should be here.”
What light that seeped in through the broken windows, lit the concrete stairs that led Mycroft up to warren of addiction and desolation. He heard voices and soft moans. He wasn’t alone in the building and no one seemed concerned by his presence. He moved passed open doorways and saw huddled forms laying on the floors; some were on mattresses, some on the bare wood.
“I assure you, doctor, my brother is not someone who would take his own life.” Mycroft jeered but in the back of his mind a deep dark fear began to grow and step out into the light.
She glanced up from her conversation with Judy and smiled at John. Her smiles covered her whole face. All the way up into her curly dark hair. John smiled back, lifting his beer bottle at her in a toast. Jeannette seemed to notice the bottle for the first time and frowned. She said something to Judy and then walked across the crowded room towards John.
He picked up the box and brought to the table and set it down. John and Sherlock peered over the edge and the contents.
“Same difference.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “She was vacuous and shallow. Trying to carry on am intelligent conversation with her was a Herculean effort.”
Sherlock walked over to Magnussen. He looked down at the whip in the man’s hand. Blood dripped from the metal tangs. John’s blood. Sherlock wanted to choke Magnussen with the whip. He turned and glared at the man.
Hanson worked his way silently across the roof of the building until he was within ten meters of the sniper’s nest. There were two men laying on their bellies and watching the street with spotting scopes. They never heard Hanson approach. Hanson had his nephew’s paintball gun. The reservoir was filled with paintballs. Half of the paintballs were frozen. Small spherical ice cubes of paint.
Quick history lesson. The term 'Thirty pieces of silver' is also called the 'Judas Price'. It is what Judas Iscariot was paid to betray Jesus Christ. It is commonly used to refer to someone who 'sells out' their convictions or friends for money.
“I think it is very clear what I mean, John. Sherlock is gone. He left. He does this when he doesn’t get his way.” Mycroft snapped. He was just as anger as John. But his anger was direct at both Sherlock and John. He was sure it was nothing more than a lover’s spat and here he was expected to be ‘mother’ to both of them.
Sherlock grabbed his trousers and slipped them on. Then he went over and helped John slip his worn jeans on. He knelt before the soldier and placed his palms on John’s thighs.
“Hurry up, John!” Sherlock shouted. He seemed unsurprised by John’s presence. John hesitate for a moment, then fell into step with the omega.
McMath cut the ropes that tethered the Morstan to the stricken vessel. Blackwood turned the wheel to starboard as he ordered the sails to hoisted. The morning breezes slowly pulled the ship away from the other two ships. The sounds of men calling out for mercy or cursing their existence carried on the wind.
John was dragged back and his hands were tied together with rope. Then the rope was pulled tight, lifting John a few inches off the deck. John swung by his wrists, bare chested and bare footed in front of his men.
He was unhooking his cufflinks and slowly rolling up his sleeves. His forearms were covered in the blond hair. Mycroft noticed his thick pudgy wrists and forearms leading down to thick finger on remarkable small hands.
“You and Irene. The fact that she was going to have you on that desk . . . in front of me!” John’s was shaking his hand at the desk. He didn’t mean to, but his voice raised to a shout.
It had been reported that Mycroft Holmes had not woken yet from his drug induced coma. The man’s stomach had been pumped. The medication he had taken was presently being flushed from his system with the intravenous fluids being pumped in. The wheezing and hissing of the IV pump was the only audible sound in the room. Mycroft’s breathing was slow and shallow. Barely noticeable to his brother and Dr. Watson.
The Mary Morstan sailed into the glowing west. The ocean blazing in shades of gold and red as the sun set. The winds had picked up and the ship was sailing silently towards Jamaica.
“As I said before . . . it is the responsibility of every citizen of this nation to protect it.” Mycroft tried to draw himself up to appear more formidable in his chair.
Sherlock hesitated and looked at his friend. Victor was supposed to bond with Archibald Rampant within three months. The invitations for the formal wedding had already been sent out. The nauseating alpha had been over numerous times already to verify that his future omega was behaving himself.
John felt his face suddenly warm. “Irene, that’s not what we’re here for. And I don’t bugger my crew.”
John Watson and his crew had rowed into the harbor of Roseau the night before. Their ship, the Mary Morstan, was anchored out, a hundred yards from the docks. They had come ashore to celebrate several good hauls and the share their wealth with the local whores.
“You should be very careful about what you say next Mister Holmes. I could make this easy for you or difficult.”
“I am afraid that you are not qualified to be a judge . . . detective was it?” Mycroft Holmes said. His umbrella grasped in his hand while two very large men stood in the hallway behind him.
“Stapleton consider your position. Baskerville has fled. Wilkes is dead. Van Coons is dead and now you are here – alone. Tell me everything and if I believe you . . . only if I believe you, will you be allowed to leave this room alive.”
Sherlock latched onto that one thought. John was not injured. The blood belonged to someone else. Sherlock stepped around the irregular shape and walked further back into the building. He found a bathroom. Dingy and dirty. On the floor by the door was an old discarded toothbrush.
The driver turned around and looked at John. The two men stared at each other for a moment then John sighed. “Baker Street.” Then he turned to Sherlock. “I want to speak to your alpha.”
“Sure, ‘Doc’, anything you want.” The young woman blushed as she smiled and dashed off behind the counter.
Violet’s face turned red, then purple. Her eyes were wide with fright as she struggled to pull the man’s hands from her throat.
John smiled. “Thank you. Now if I were you, I get to those flames before it’s your ship on fire instead of your canvas.”
Next more of the unfrozen paintballs came out of the gun. The paint spattered across the men’s faces, blinding them.
Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around his chest and rolled over onto his side. He could hear Mycroft’s voice plaguing him in his head. ‘
John’s un-bandaged wrist was cuffed to the bedrail. He glowered at it as he yanked on it once. A police officer stood as sentry at the door of John’s hospital room, but the man was unnecessary because Detective Greg Lestrade was standing in the room, glaring at both John and Sherlock.
But first he needed to deal with his mother. She had called him an hour before and said it was imperative that he come over to her house. Mycroft growled. He might have been the pack alpha for the Holmes family, but he was still the woman’s son and therefore accommodating to her. He gritted his teeth thinking it was going to be something completely irrelevant and a waste of his very valuable time.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed over towards the door. He saw the two men step in, shoving the other guests to the side. Sherlock felt a small vial being pressed into his palm as Jim turned to leave. He turned quickly and slipped passed Emma and her friends as he moved towards the stairs. Sherlock was half way up the staircase when he saw the two thugs grab hold of Jim. The young man squealed and started shouting about police harassment. Sherlock ran up the remaining stairs and down the hall.
“Think about what has occurred in the last four days Sherlock. You were deceived by trusted contacts. You were shot and you have reestablished contact with someone who was used against you before and could easily be used again.” Mycroft rolled his eyes at his brother’s lack of observation.
“We could take photos of the omega. You know, pictures of him debased. You could send them to Holmes adding to his torment.” Moran suggested, hoping to convince Moriarty of his loyalty.
The envelope was thick. It appeared that Mycroft’s sniffer dogs had been thorough. Inside might be the information about the unusual alpha that Sherlock wanted. But there might be a report stating John was already bonded. Or a photograph of John with a pack of blond pups.
He leaned back in the large sectional couch and rested his arms across the back. He opened his legs and let his thighs be exposed as the silk slid off them. He closed his eyes and imagined Sherlock Holmes kneeling in front of him. Sherlock naked with his dark curls and iridescent eyes pleading up to him, waiting for the orders from Jim’s mouth. Jim shivered at the idea. His own length filled and became turgid.
Sherlock stared at John silently. The seconds seemed to draw out to centuries. John wondered if he could take everything back he had said and return to kissing Sherlock. Then Sherlock took a step backwards and nodded his head.
John stopped and spun on the detective. Greg saw the anger and danger in the doctor’s eyes. He paused before he spoke.
“You can’t, Sherlock. Not legally.” Mycroft stepped away from the bed and sat down in a cushioned chair by the window. “But I’m not without a heart.”
“Why not? She is obviously interested in you.” Sherlock said as he tapped onto another story of a murder near Paddington Station.
“Yes, quite obvious those are boots. Why did you bring them in here?” Sherlock’s voice cut through John’s astonishment.
John glanced back and Sherlock was gone. John stepped forward, pushing some of the spectators back as he looked around to see if Sherlock had moved somewhere else in the crowd. His frustration mounted when he didn’t see the young omega anywhere.
Sherlock knew from the moment he saw the man that the stranger was not a police officer. He knew it by the way the man walked and the clothes he was wearing. The man was military trained and not a civil servant.
Moran growled again but the two men ignored him and John left Moran in the bar. He climbed into the back seat of the saloon and was thankful it was empty. It took the car half an hour to make it across London traffic to Baker Street. John didn’t realize it was so late until he saw the empty pavements and the street lights on.
“No. I mean, yeah, I used to work there when I was in school, but I haven’t seen Frankie in years. I don’t think he knows anything about me.”
Sherlock gently pushed John’s legs apart and nestled between them. John unconsciously pushed up onto his knees, keeping his chest flat on the bed. The alpha purred as the omega presented itself instinctually. John’s crease and thighs were already wet with his slick. The clear slippery substance easing the way for penetration of the omega.
“Here this is my mobile. Give me a call one night after you get off work. We’ll catch a match or something.”
“Easy. He chose you over me.” Moriarty said. “Now get dressed. We are going someplace that will require your arse be covered.”
John yanked the wet cloth from his face and turned to look at Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes were moving over John’s body. John saw Sherlock unconsciously lick his lips as he took in the naked man before him.
Sherlock studied the photo. It was of John and four other men. John was dressed in desert fatigues and a sleeveless t-shirt. John’s arms were muscular and tanned. His hair a shade lighter than Sherlock remembered. The men were similarity dressed and were muddy. All the men were smiling brightly and laughing at the camera. Cradled in John’s left arm was a rugby ball.
“His skull was bashed in. His body was found on the railroad tracks near Paddington Station.” Mycroft answered confused by the question.
John knew he had to do something. He had to stop Trevor. He fumbled with his phone and called a number he had be given almost a year before. He waited and listened.
The interior of the pub was destroyed. There were broken bottles and smashed glasses. Chairs and tables were over turned and damaged. Only the television set bolted high on the wall was undamaged. The crowds at the football match were cheering. The sound of joy carried through the silence of the wreckage.
John smiled again and twisted his head to look at Sherlock’s face. But his eyes caught the computer Sherlock was using.
Sherlock made a desperate sound deep in his throat. The thought of losing John came sharp and painful to him.
“Sherlock, for safety’s sake, you need to wait until the guard opens the door.” Mycroft admonished his younger brother.
Sherlock noticed John’s smile was also in his eyes. It just didn’t take up his face but the smile itself could be seen in the boy’s eyes. Sherlock’s hand slipped from John’s shoulder, where he had been holding the boy steady, and up to his face. He cupped John’s cheek and let his long fingers reach up and touch the soft blonde hair.
“Yes you did.” Seb’s mind started to race through the few times the two of them had talked about the dark haired man. He couldn’t remember if John had ever said he was more than an acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes. “You said he was an ex-boyfriend after he ran into you on the street in front of the coffee shop.”
He stepped out of the shower room and grabbed a second towel. He was drying himself off as he walked back to his locker. The shouts from the shower had finally drawn the attention of one of the coaches and the older gruff man walked into the steamy room fully dressed. John heard the man yell out several names and the laughter stop.
Mycroft stared down at the repulsive parcel on his desk. The wooden box had been delivered to his townhouse by a tradesman. It had been wrapped in brown paper with only his name on the outside.
Mike noticed John blush slightly. He set his sandwich down and stared at his friend. “Or was it you who did something?”
John was panting hard now. His hand slipped between the layers of fabric to reach for Sherlock’s penis.
John stood, he fist balled ready to fight. “I don’t give a shite if you are a cop or not! You can’t fucking be here and do that!”
When Charles II died in 1685, both Siger and Mycroft Holmes regretfully stood beside James as the crown was set on his head. Siger died within months of James’ coronation. And it wasn’t long before James’ paranoia and instability became evident. He pushed trusted advisors of his brother away and listened to avaricious, self-indulgent men instead. Bitterness between religious fractions grew and political fights broke out.
“I have a set of old motor cross leathers you can wear. Although they will probably swamp you. I need to feed you up. I could have cut myself on your hip bones last Saturday.”
“Murder victim? Shouldn’t you be taking that to the police?” John would offer to take it himself but he felt it would be better if he kept a low profile with law enforcement right now.
“For what?” Sherlock turned back to him. Sherlock had been looking at the sextant. His long fingers rubbing lightly over the etchings of the curved gage.
“Whoever he was, he is experienced. He’s done this before. He knew how much pressure to add without leaving visible bruises. She knew him and didn’t fear him because she didn’t press her call button as soon as he entered the room. By the time she knew something was wrong it was too late for her to signal for help. He is also familiar with the hospital and the routine of the staff.”
“Sherlock!” Greg barked the man’s name. Everyone in the room jumped back as Greg stepped right up to Sherlock. “Drop it!”
“Yes I am. Remarkable you remember that but considering Irene is no longer here, I guess it just finally registered with you.”
John glanced around to see if anyone was eavesdropping. Sherlock noticed how uncomfortable John seemed.
“Yes, please send in the Detective Inspector.” Mycroft said with a controlled voice. The footman turned and closed the door behind him as he left.
Magnussen hadn’t contacted Mycroft since the first meeting. The engagement party would be later that night. Mycroft debated calling the blackmailer and warning him about Sherlock’s disappearance. He wondered for a moment if Magnussen was responsible.
Sherlock rocked his head from side to side as he thought. “The first reported victim was in the 1973. So maybe late sixties, early seventies.”
John looked into the hopeful stare in Seb’s slate grey eyes. The eyes reminded John another set of eyes. Seb’s were not as mesmerizing as Sherlock but they were still as intense. John had come there to make new memories to replace the memories of Sherlock. To forget the pain and abandonment the dark haired man had caused him. Maybe he could replace silver blue eyes for slate grey ones.
“Yes! Yes! I am yours!” Sherlock shouted as John’s knot pressed through the muscles and into the omega’s body. It swelled rapidly locking the two of them together.
“So that is supposed to make me feel better? You just sent your goons to grab any doctor they could get their hands on? Will I be able to leave or will someone find my body in the Thames next week?” John didn’t look up he was started to clean the wound with surgical scrub.
John’s fingers mapped ever every inch of Sherlock’s naked body. Travelled over his ribs and down this abdomen. Reaching around the taller man’s shoulders, John’s his hands down Sherlock’s back. Then down over the round globes of his bottom.
“As long as we don’t fall asleep, we can share a bed with William. It would be good for emotional bonding if we are close together. Touching is very health for babies.”
“You said you didn’t have one and I might need to text you. It wasn’t expensive and you need one so I got it for you. You were very helpful last night.”
“Thank you, dear. You may leave now.” Mycroft smiled insincerely at the young woman. She turned to leave when Mycroft spoke up. “Make sure that Mathis verifies both shipments and has a complete checked manifest to me before the end of the day.”
John moaned and bucked his hips forward. He felt himself melting in Sherlock’s arms. He realized he could get quite use to having that man’s undivided attention on him. Fighting to regain control, he continued to explain himself.
The two leaned back as they slowly calmed down. John glanced over at the taller man. Sherlock’s face was flushed from the running and cool night air. His hair, normally a disarray of curls, was now exaggeratedly tossed. A single dark curl hangs low over Sherlock’s quizzical eyebrows. His lips were parted as he breathed deeply.
James was gone and John was in the kitchen washing up the morning dishes when Sherlock came out of the bathroom. John was expecting Sherlock to be dressed in the robe again, but instead he was draped artistically in a bedsheet. His damp curls were coifed into a dark halo around Sherlock’s head. His long neck and graceful sloping shoulder were on display as the fold of the sheet slipped down. Adonis or some other Greek god came to mind as John watched him.
John frowned and said, “We don’t trade in human beings. We’re pirates but we do have some self-respect.”
John felt a wave a resentment pass over him. He needed that scholarship to finish out the school year before he left for the army. If he lost it, then he could possible loose his place in training.
Sherlock’s hold on himself was tenuous and that plea shredded the last strands of it. He yanked his body way from John. The omega yelped as Sherlock grabbed his hips and flipped him over. The omega immediately went into presentation position. Sherlock pushed himself in with force. The cry of pain from the omega brought Sherlock back to himself briefly. He was going to stop but he felt John push himself back further onto the alpha’s cock.
“I picked them out just for you. Amazing the selection at Ann Summers.” Sherlock rubbed his nose across the sensitive skin just behind John’s ear enjoying the natural scent clinging to his hair. “The blue is the same color as your eyes when you are aroused.”
John turned suddenly and glared at Sherlock. The detective realized he had mis-spoke. He actually winced.
“Would it have been better to be shot by some Taliban fighter in the desert? Would that appease your sensibilities?” Sherlock finally snapped.
John leaned back and glared at Sherlock. “Because I need too. Do you have a headache? Double vision?”
Before John could answer the door swung open. A compact woman with pale blonde hair marched into the room.
At the end of the hall, they could hear shouts. Someone was announcing the arrival of the police. Gun fire echoed down the halls as Moran hissed. The door of the lift opened then all hell broke loose.
The taxi ride back to the flat had been quiet. Neither man willing to break the silence. Neither looking directly at each other. When they got out of the cab, they walked into the flat and collapsed on the chairs, exhausted by the events of the day. Sherlock sat in his favorite chair with his head tipped back over the cushion. His long legs stretched out in front of him. His eyes closed and his face laxed.
John flinched. His eyes suddenly shadowed and his mouth dropped into a frown. “No . . . once it wasn’t true.”
“Now, Johnny Boy . . . is that anyway to talk to the man who holds your life and that of your lover in his hands?”
“But we know that’s not true. I’ve known about you for a long time.” The stranger said as he licked his lips.
Suddenly, John dipped down and picked Sherlock up in a ‘fireman’s lift’. Hauling the omega over his shoulder, John turned and started towards the bedroom.
“Not very,” Sherlock said. “John and I were not together when Trevor was shot, but neither one of us shot him.”
Mycroft returned his attention to his desk ignoring Sherlock. The two men sat in silence for several minutes before Sherlock sighed and said.
The Chinese acrobat had his hands wrapped around Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock was struggling, but he couldn’t catch his breath. His long fingers clawed at the acrobat’s hands. The pale skin was turning red. James Sholto rushed forward. He had grabbed the acrobat and tried to pull him off Sherlock. He yanked on the attacker’s arms, but the man wouldn’t release Sherlock. John fought to his feet to rescue the omega. John punched the man in the face. The acrobat went limp and finally released Sherlock’s throat. James pulled the man off Sherlock.
Mycroft glanced at John with a raised eyebrow. John realized there were certain questions Mycroft was not going to answer.
“My sister said there is a problem with at my flat. A robbery. I need to call and check.” John lied.
“Thank you, my dear. That was lovely.” He smiled at his assistant. She was typing rapidly on her blackberry. “I feel remiss in that I haven’t learned your name yet. I believe it was Miss William?”
She shook her head. Not five minutes earlier, the idea of a warm carriage would have made her flee the ally, but now she was rooted to the cold stones under her feet.
Was that the next volley in this war between his illegitimate brother and himself? A fight over Sherlock? And what would Sherlock want to do? Before John Watson had entered Sherlock’s life, Mycroft was certain that Sherlock would balk at the idea. Would Sherlock eagerly go with the man he professed to love? Would he join Moriarty in his evil attack on their elder brother?
Sherlock followed John up the steep steps and out into the sunlight. Sherlock brought his hand up to cover his eyes as the Caribbean sun glared down on the narrow deck. The Morstan was well built ship. It was different from the ship that had brought Sherlock and Mycroft out from England. The Morstan was narrower. Only twenty or twenty-five feet wide, but it had four or five decks below the main deck as well as a forecastle and a sterncastle.
Holmes returned. Moran looked back up. He eased himself back down on the rifle and fixed his sights on Holmes. The man was responsible for John being here. He was responsible of John almost being killed by Moran’s boss.
Sherlock raised his finger to his lips, signaling John to be quiet. Sherlock remained still, listening until he was certain Dimmit had moved away from the door.
The man huffed and sputtered. He slapped his book down on the podium hard it sounded like a gunshot going off.
“You can’t. I will send a car for you. You will need to be dressed by eight.” Mycroft continued ignoring his brother.
“I was proud of you, John. I mean you becoming a doctor and a soldier. Good job. Your mum would have been proud of you.”
“He was wanted in Florida for drug trafficking. I made arrangements that he was returned to Miami and found with evidence that he was responsible for murdering a policeman there. He was executed by the state of Florida.”
The next day, John woke to a large manila envelope sitting on the kitchen table. After the last few presents, John was looking at the envelope like it was a snake. John went to make a cup of tea. He moved slowly as he kept glancing at the envelope.
“You bloody well know what I was upset about. Damn it how many times do we go over the same information.” John flared.
“I doubt the cops are going to tell me who did it?” A taxi pulled over and John got into the back seat. “Brixton.” He said to the driver.
“Yes it is.” John said as he took a step back. “I do have my pride. I won’t be sponge. I already know people think I’m taking advantage of you for your money and frankly I hate that. I hate the idea that people think I’m so – sleazy.”
“Saving lives of fucking wankers who have more balls than brains.” John hissed as he pressed his knee hard into the man’s back. “Touch me again and you’ll find out what a good doctor I am as I name each and every one of your bones I break.”
“No, there’s none on his clothing. It is chemical film.” Sherlock looked back up at Lestrade. “You said the windows were open, did the room have a funny smell to it?”
“John, I seriously don’t think of you as someone weak. I know what you have been through.” Seb said as he stood up. “Remember, I was there too in Afghanistan.”
“No, John. I’m not. The pub Moran works in is a distribution point for Moriarty. He sells drugs and prostitutes out of it. As well as buys information there. You meeting Moran was a set up. He was sent to draw you closer to Moriarty.”
John didn’t answer Sherlock. He took a step forward and leaned into Sherlock’s space. Sherlock twisted his head and leaned down. Gently touching his lips to John’s. Hesitantly at first, and when he felt John lean more heavily into his body, Sherlock cupped John’s face with his hands. Holding the man close so Sherlock could deepen the kiss. Sweeping his tongue over John’s lip and pressing it into John’s mouth.
Mycroft was sitting in Sherlock’s favorite chair. His ubiquitous brolly perched between his perfectly shined shoes. Mycroft was wearing a navy-blue suit and crisp white shirt. The silver tie, with the perfect Windsor knot, intensified Mycroft’s blue eyes. His face was placid and unremarkable given the fact he had just interrupted his brother and his brother’s lover.
Mycroft went into his office and closed the door. He paused as he the thought about Culverton Smith. He remember meeting the man several weeks ago with Elizabeth. He remembered Elizabeth didn’t trust him. He wondered if the world could be that lazy.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows questioningly. He wondered when they started being on a first name basis. Although, only his maiden aunt called him Gregory. Aunt Ivy and his adulterous wife when she was angry with him.
“Yes.” Greg said. “It is remarkable that after all these years that case is solved by one of my main suspects being shot by the same gun. And the man whose fingerprints are on that gun happen to be the same man who gave an alibi to my suspect eleven years ago.”
“And once again, you are wrong in your deductions.” Sherlock said as he leaned against John’s body. “Why are you here Mycroft?”
“I know but that is what is in the formula. Powdered sulfur mixed into a black drawing agent. Mike, our ship’s doctor said he’s used all he had.”
John’s hands held Sherlock’s face. Memories came rushing back. A familiarity that was welcomed and still feared. How many times had John held Sherlock this way? How many times had they avoided speaking of their feelings? Giving it a name? How often had moments like this ended with a kiss?
John leaned over the man and kissed him deeply. He laid down beside Sherlock then gently guided Sherlock onto his side. Pulling the man to spoon against his chest. Sherlock arched his back and presented himself. John growled in appreciation of the omega. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock shoulder and pulled the man back. John rubbed his heavy cock against Sherlock’s backside and guided it to his entrance.
“We aren’t Victorian, Mister Smith. I sincerely doubt anyone would care now.” But Mycroft knew that was wrong. As modern as England was, there were still certain things that Royals and politicians were not supposed to do. Drugs, sex and illegitimacy were amongst them.
Before Moran could close in on John, Sherlock ran forward placing himself between Moran and the stunned alpha. Sherlock clenched his fists, his right tucked under his chin and left slightly forward. Sherlock kept his elbows tight to his body in an attempt to protect his ribs. He jabbed his right fist forward and caught Moran on the chin.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispered. Then he opened his book and continued to read. “Tomorrow night, if you are not working, I would like to go back to the morgue.”
“How very ‘Mycroft’.” She laughed again. “A private liaison. Is this your way of asking me out for a date?”
“The announcement.” James said just before he took a big bite of toast. His tongue darted out and licked at the jam that clung to the corner of his mouth.
“Doc, you know he can’t do that. And if he shows up at A and E, what’s he going to tell them? That he was shot and Doc Watson stitched him up without notifying the coppers?”
“I don’t know where he heard your brother was dead.” Stapleton sputtered out in hopes of saving himself.
“Better to have the stuff and not need it than to need it and not have it.” John said as he picked it up one handed. He grabbed his rifle and slung it over his right shoulder.
John opened his mouth to speak, but then the words were choked off deep in his throat. He couldn’t prove Victor had beat up Wilderbrant. He couldn’t accuse the man of doing it even if he believe deeply he had done so. John hung up the phone. He couldn’t leave a message. He didn’t know what to do. He started to walk. And he kept on walking for the next five hours.
“I don’t scent an alpha.” John said as he wandered around the sitting room, glancing at the various objects. “That’s a human skull.”
Frankie frowned. “I found her in Birmingham. Got ‘er into rehab – twice. It didn’t take. She is still there. Barely getting by. She doesn’t know me from Adam. Doesn’t want my ‘elp.”
John glanced up and across the room at him. He hadn’t ever heard Sherlock speak to him like that except for maybe the morning after he got terribly drunk at the gay bar and danced without his shirt on.
“There will be a formal engagement party Saturday evening at Claridges. I will send you the specifics after I have received them from Magnussen.” Mycroft forced himself into the persona of government official. Reciting information with indifference. It would be the only way he could get through this situation with any dignity. “Mummy has refused to go, so I will be your only family present.”
“You need me to work with Scotland Yard if you want me to continue with my search for you.” Sherlock said firmly.
The alpha and omega stared at each other for a moment. Then Sherlock shoved his hands deep into the pockets of this coat.
It was chase and slight. A breath of barely not even being there. And it was perfect. They slipped back and looked into each other’s eyes again.
Greg was mouthing at Mycroft’s hardening cock through the cloth of his boxers. Greg’s own hand was moving down and palming himself through his trousers. Mycroft tried to focus on what Jocko was saying but Greg was driving him crazy. Greg had freed Mycroft’s cock from the pants and was now slowly dragging in nose along the underside.
The three men got off the lift and walked down the hall to the Infinity Suite. They paused by a table and Lestrade grabbed a pair of blue moisture-proof coveralls. Sherlock grabbed a pair and handed it to John.
He took the stairs two at a time. Sherlock’s warm rich scent was wafting down the stairs and inviting John closer. He found the flat door open when he reached the top stair.
When the door of the torture chamber finally opened, Stapleton was already frightened beyond belief. Sweat was pouring off of him. His mind was swirling around the various implements and his imagination had him terrified.
Slowly lowering himself, he felt his body met by Sherlock’s. A gentle pull of Sherlock’s hands on his shoulders until they were kissing. A soft slide of lips and hum of appreciation from himself. Sherlock tasted good. Something fresh and slightly rich. Like coffee and chocolate.
Unsure what to do, John fell back on to the familiar. He looked up into the middle distance. He squared his shoulders and executed a perfect ‘toe turn’. He marched out of the room and down the stairs. He never looked back. He didn’t say goodbye.
James stood under the tent as he watched John stomp away. He wanted to punch himself. He knew he had handled the situation badly. But he also knew he wouldn’t leave Sangin without John. They would be together. It was the only future that James Sholto could see for himself. He would wait for John to calm down and then he could talk to him. Give him all the reasons they should be together. The most important one being that James was in love with him.
“Secrets about her defense.” Magnussen continued as if he hadn’t heard Mycroft. “Secrets lost by murder.”
“Good job, Watson. Moriarty will be happy you kept him away from the police and his brother.” Moran said coldly.
Sherlock had heard the crew talk about the ship that John and James had served on. He knew it had sunk several years ago off the Azores.
“This isn’t a knife wound.” John let his fingertips carefully examine the healed scar. There were small dots where stitches had been placed. The edges of flesh had not been as carefully aligned so the scar thickened then narrowed.
“You know your father and sister started just like this.” Jeannette continued ignoring the fact that John had pulled his arm away from her shoulders and was standing slightly further away from her.
Sherlock rolled his spine again and felt the omega open up to him more. He moved deeper and deeper. The heat and pull the smaller man’s body was intense. Sherlock fought to maintain his control and not let it shatter. He wanted. He desired. He had to possess the man beneath him. His. Only his.
Joey came out of the club, glancing up and down the street. He saw Sherlock and John just a block away. Joey walked up carefully on the two, seeing John still dancing while Sherlock was trying to question the man.
“No, not for him. But something he said. If John Watson wasn’t responsible for shooting Magnussen, then who is?”
He grabbed John around the waist and twisted. He flipped John onto the mattress and re-entered him before John could complain. Sherlock took control. He wanted to possess John. To reach inside and become one with him. Sherlock thrusts became rapid and hard. John wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s body, opening himself up. Sherlock curved his upper body over John’s, covering and coveting him.
“A complete description was given. Including the clothes you were wearing. Clothing that was found in your flat and removed by the forensic team. They are being checked for GSW at this moment.”
Violet turned and looked at the man. He was thin and slight for an alpha. His hair was slick back and black as the night. His dark brown eyes were so dark they were almost black.
“Sherlock, please stop moving.” John growled. “We are going to have to wait until the knot goes down and the more you fight, the longer it will stay put.”
John shifted in his chair. “We served together. We were close. It’s something soldiers do. Look for their friends when they get transferred.”
John leaned heavily on the cane in his right hand. It had been six months since he was shot in the Afghan desert. Six months of pain and surgeries and regret. He was beginning to wish Murry hadn’t saved him. He was beginning to wish he had died in the desert. Then at least his miserable life would be over.
The two men walked into the pub. John got some sideways glances as he entered but the low threatening rumble from Moran made everyone turn away.
A news report was playing on the screen. A video of a Mayfair townhouse with emergency vehicles in front of it and several police cars. The announcer’s voice came over the pictures.
Sherlock was deep in his ‘Mind Palace.’ In the very special room. A room with a dark blue door. The same shade of blue as John’s eyes. Warm and dark like the Mediterranean Sea. Sherlock wanted to plunge into those dark blue orbs and swim until he was exhausted. He wanted John.
The Appledore was in chaos. Men were running back and forth. Some were trying to put up a resistance why others were fleeing for their lives. Baskerville looked around, searching for something to latch on to. Something to save himself. Then he saw him. Sherlock Holmes standing at the rail. Eagerly awaiting the next blast of cannons. As if he was looking forward to dying. Baskerville decided to help him along.
The captain was indeterminate age. Anywhere between thirty-five and sixty with his premature grey hair. He was handsome and tanned. His eyes were a soft brown. He was dressed in his formal attire with polished brass buttons and bright ribbons across his chest. He held his bicorn hat with its gold tassels pinned under his arm to his body.
Culverton Smith sneered as he reached up and placed his hand around the back of Mycroft’s head. With his other hand he carefully covered both Mycroft’s mouth and nose. Mycroft’s eyes flew wide and as he tried to shake the man off. He reached up with his left hand and grabbed Smith’s wrist and tried to pull it from his face, but Smith’s grip was stronger than Mycroft realized.
“If you don’t want your shoulder dislocated, let go of the omega.” John’s voice was cold and vicious.
John glanced around and saw Seb behind the bar pulling a beer. As soon as Seb saw John, he smiled and waved. John nodded and smiled back at the man. John walked to the bar instead of joining his coworkers and leaned against the wooden rail.
