“I don’t know. Nephilim, they’re creatures of Heaven and of Earth, their human souls and bodies are held together by–” he stopped.
Take a sad song,
“Thought the kid was gone,” Dean grumbled, rubbing his face with his hands as he lowered himself back down onto the mattress. As sleep and panic drained from his mind, grief returned. Cas, Mom, Kelly, Crowley. All gone. He sighed.
All of a sudden, a car appeared on the wrong side of the road, directly ahead of them. Dean slammed on the brakes, and the car skidded into the dirt along the side of the road. Kaia hit her head on the window, and felt her mind go fuzzy. Jack began to cry.
“For healing me.”
“Mm-hmm,” all three non-cartoon characters affirmed.
Sam gripped the door of the Impala in one hand and his dad’s hunting journal in the other as Dean sped down the two lane road. He didn’t even want to know how many miles per hour above the speed limit he was driving. He was scanning the pages, looking for anything that could fit the MO for what had taken Jack.
Sam recoiled in shock. “What?”
“The doctor’s coming back with tests soon,” Sam replied. “He’s… he’s in pain though.”
Dean went around, grabbing a few sets of boxers and socks, a pair of jeans, a pair of sweatpants, a few soft cotton shirts, a sweatshirt, and a flannel. He figured if Cas needed more, they could always go back, or he could borrow some of Dean’s clothes.
“Sam? Dean?” Donatello replied, all but winded. “Is God with you?”
“It was quite a shock to me as well. I was much more comfortable with her dead, after all she did…” Cas trailed off, lost in horrific memories. He shook his head, as if shaking off the memories. “But, Heaven needs angels, even ones like Naomi who torture the free will out of angels.”
“Welcome to the family,” Alex replied.
Sam inhaled deeply. “You know what? Honestly?”
Finally they found themselves all in the sitting room again. Sam and Dean stood protectively between the Scooby Gang and the doors.
“It is very nice,” Cas affirmed, looking back out the window at the golden birch trees. Fall was setting in, but Dean didn’t mind. He figured it would be a bit less tourist-heavy this time of year.
“Ignire!” Rowena cried, purple flame erupting around the doll as the blade flew into her chest. Lucifer roared as purple flames engulfed him, the sound echoing off of the walls at a deafening decibel. Blood flowed down Rowena’s dress in crimson rivulets as she wrenched the blade from her breast. She glanced to the ceiling briefly before driving it through the doll’s chest.
“Yeah,” Kaia replied breathlessly.
“Yeah, you stay with her.” He walked quickly out of the door.
She then turned to her sister and began attacking her. The younger sister did the same, and they both fell to the floor, bleeding from multiple wounds.
Claire leapt out of bed and ran to Jody’s room.
“What now?”
“Where are you going?”
It was the exact place where she had lost Kaia. But there was no body, not a single bone or shred of clothing. Claire’s stomach rolled. Had one of those horrid blue-blooded monsters dragged her away to be eaten? Why hadn’t she taken Kaia’s body when she went through the portal? Then she could have given her a proper funeral, burned her and put her at peace.
But Dean had some more choice words for the archangel. “What the fuck, Gabe?”
“Yeah,” Sam replied, “you double-crossed us.”
“What was that?” Dean asked.
He nodded solemnly in return.
The girl went pale, turning towards something to Dean’s left. “Mom!”
Lucy had yelled at Mary to run, she’d be right behind her.
“Sorry, you caught me at a really bad time, I don’t mean to be rude, it is good to see you two again, it’s just…”
“I came here to tell Jody about my vision, and Claire just blew it off. And I am not a fighter. I can’t even imagine going up against one of those… things.”
“Are you cold?” Dean asked, concerned.
Dean sighed. “Or something.”
“Dean, stop!” But his brother was fighting him as though possessed. He managed to get Sam in a headlock while he desperately searched his pockets for the hex bag. When he found it in Dean’s pocket, he threw it to the ground, but Dean continued to choke him out. Sam’s vision began to blur.
He paused again before continuing. His end of the deal was the crappy end, but this was Billie. There was no point in bargaining with her. “How do I know I can trust you?”
Not good.
“Missouri?” Dean said, rushing toward her. “You okay?”
[We did it.]
“Goodbye, Dean.”
I want to reach out, and touch the flame,
Cas tilted his head and looked at him in confusion. “Of course you are.”
“It’s okay,” Claire whispered, running a hand over Kaia’s knotted hair. It felt like it was all one giant mat. They’d probably need to cut it. “You’re safe now. You’re safe now.”
Cas pushed himself up from the ground, panting. His head pounded, something that had only ever happened once in his life, years ago, after he drank an entire liquor store dry.
“Simple as that?”
Sam regretted letting Dean leave when Jack woke up an hour later and began to cry. He carried him into the kitchen and prepared a bottle of formula, remembering to test the temperature on his wrist before putting the bottle in Jack’s mouth. But Jack was not having it; he turned his head away and continued to wail.
“Well,” he said slowly, “I’m not Sam and Dean.”
“What do you mean?” the woman asked.
“You did,” Dean offered.
“Yeah,” Donna agreed.
“Welcome to the Museum of the North, can I get you folks checked in?” came a sunny voice from the reception desk. Dean turned to see…
“No,” Dean whispered. He’d been too focused on the gun trained on his friend.
Wait, what was that look? But no, Cas wouldn’t read into it.
“How are you alive?” Dean asked, content to oblige her for now. Though he did not like the sight of an enemy-turned-reluctant-ally making herself so at home in their library.
“Why don’t you come meet him?” Dean gestured to the car, and Cas got in, settling on the passenger’s seat. Dean turned the key in the ignition, and the engine roared to life. He turned on the radio, and a Led Zeppelin song wafted through the car. It was one of the songs on Cas’ mixtape. He turned to see Cas smiling at him. He quirked his lip upward in return, then put the car in drive.
“I could use a breath of fresh air,” Dean said, hoisting Jack up to carry him and pushing himself off the floor. “Maybe you can help Sam with his research.” He grabbed a few toy cars to keep the kid busy in the library, and carried him out of the room.
“I don’t know,” Patience replied. “I’m still figuring all this out.”
“Samuel, why don’t you do the honors,” Rowena said softly.
She stared at him. Was it a low blow to psychoanalyze her like this? But then again, Sam had been in her shoes. She knew this.
A heavy silence hung between them.
“Look,” he replied, “whatever you’re selling, I’m not interested.” He made to close the door, but Dean held it open.
“He’s been eating your grace?”
“Cas, that was weeks ago.” Then it hit Dean. “I just talked to you on the phone, though, yesterday. How is that possible?”
“Even if you do get the book,” Sam said softly, “and even if you get your power back, it won’t matter.” He looked at her with sympathy. “You won’t ever be able to change what happened. You won’t be able to change how helpless you felt, or how helpless you feel. You’re still gonna get scared.” Rowena looked close to tears as she turned her head away from Sam. “And that feeling… that feeling never goes away.” Though he hated admitting it to someone who was, until very recently, more of an enemy than a friend, he was still scared of Lucifer. The Devil haunted his dreams, made him sprint to Jack’s room when he cried in the night, made his heart race for no good reason.
“He’s gone, man, he’s stuck in Apocalypse World.”
The much taller man shrunk down on himself in shame that only comes from being chewed out by one's mother. “No, Cas came with me. He’s just stuck outside the warding.”
If he started, he wouldn’t stop.
“So… you have a job?”
“Please. Yes, please.” Cas felt like he could cry.
Sam turned to Dean and shrugged. Dean rolled his eyes, but appeared to agree. He exited the car, leaving Sam with the witch and the sleeping baby.
When Dean pulled the Impala into the parking space by the bunker’s entrance, Cas broke the silence.
She snapped her head to the side when she heard footsteps. It was the blonde girl, Claire.
“Yes. He’s ill–”
“I know how you feel,” Sam replied softly, “I’ve been in a similar place.”
But she was dead. There was no coming back from that.
“Morning,” Dean grumbled. Sam grunted in return, not looking up from whatever he was researching. He poured himself a mug of coffee and sat opposite his brother. They sat in silence for a few minutes while Dean’s brain whirred, trying to make sense of what had happened in his sleep. Sure, it may have been a dream, but he had no doubt that it nevertheless was real.
“Athena Lopez, undertaker,” she replied, irritation plain in her voice. “And you are?”
“Yeah. I was.” Dean’s heart pounded against his chest. “But then I… annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that it sent me back.” If there hadn’t been a thousand different thoughts and emotions swirling through his head, Dean would have laughed. Instead he just stared at the angel standing in front of him. The streetlight above him caught in his hair, forming a halo across the crown of his head.
“Well, I should tell you, I’m not taking him alive.”
Gabriel stuck them in a goddamn cartoon.
“Morning,” he greeted as he sat in front of his laptop and opened it, “What are you reading?”
“Look,” Sam said as soon as they were outside, “Kaia, I’m sure this is a lot.” He sighed. “But we need you, okay? My brother and I, our mother is trapped in another world–” he pulled a piece of paper from his pocket, and Kaia recognized it as one of her drawings “–and if you can guide Jack to it–” he gestured to the baby on his chest “–then he can open a door–”
This is a long ass chapter, I really didn't know how to split it up so I just decided not to.
“Where was this?” Cas asked.
John nodded and cleared his throat. “Likewise.” He set the plate of burgers down and sat at Dean’s left side. Cas sat at his right, directly across from John at the little square table.
“That Kaia could guide Jack’s portals to the right world? Yeah. Yeah, I think so.”
He reminded her so much of Dean. It pained her that she had never known Sam when he was this young. She looked around the nursery, tears welling up in her eyes. Her gaze landed on a ceramic angel sitting on the shelf above Jack’s crib. Just like the one she’d had in her boys’ nursery.
Sam read over the spell, read over it again, then got to work. Rowena followed his every movement with the watchful eyes of a teacher, correcting his technique and practicing pronunciation with him. Finally, Eileen lowered herself into a basin full of moonwater next to a bowl of ingredients.
“It was years ago.”
It replayed the deaths of each and every angel he had killed, every brother and sister whose life had flickered away before his eyes.
“Uh, your spells tend to boil people’s brains,” Sam interjected, “so maybe let us handle it.”
Dean looked away, biting his lip. “Yeah, exactly.”
“Dean, is that you? Are you there?”
Dean shook his head, and laid a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “You were dead, man. It’s enough of a miracle that you’re back at all.” Cas looked up at him, and he smiled encouragingly. “Now, it’s time to meet your kid.”
“I’m sorry you had to suffer that,” Castiel said sincerely.
“Is that bad?” Dean asked hesitantly.
Dean looked at Jody, his confused expression mirrored in hers. “Okay,” he said, “this woman you’re describing, that walked out on her family, that’s not who Missouri was at all.” He didn’t want to be angry with this poor scared girl, but he would not allow her to drag Missouri’s name through the mud.
“You’ll see.”
“But I can stay for the funeral, if–”
“Ah, shrinks,” Dean quipped from the driver’s seat as he read the file that Sam had handed him, listing a therapist as the only tie between the two victims, “snake oil for the mind.”
When Jack was done being fed, Sam brought him back to the nursery to sleep in his crib. The little guy was tired all the time, but according to the parenting books and websites, that was normal baby behavior. Human baby behavior.
“Was it the tablet that did this to you?” Sam asked.
How could Dean be so calm if he thought there was no door? “Well, last time we opened one, it stayed open.”
“Cas, come on, we have to get home! Now!”
For what might have been hours, Jody and Donna had hidden in a ratty old car, listening to the monsters shrieking outside. Each woman had her gun aimed out the opposite window.
“It’s my favorite suit,” the ghoul replied, licking his lips hungrily. “You know, I like to keep a little piece of old Dave on me just to gnaw on.” Dean grimaced.
Sam really should have guessed that something would go wrong.
Dean sank back down onto the chair. This was too much. Apocalypse 2.0? Why couldn’t they seem to go a month without the world trying to end itself again?
“Upstairs!” Donna commanded. Alex grabbed Jack like a football and bolted. “Move!” Patience found herself running after Alex without even really meaning to. She heard Donna shooting at monsters but kept running until they reached a branch in the stairway.
“Alex,” Claire said, “the way things were going, if I’d stuck around, she just would’ve worried all the time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course,” Cas said gently.
His heart began to race. If Amara was here….
“Mom.”
“How are you holding up, Cas?” Dean asked as he reached the top.
“So… you killed Azazel.”
Dean gasped loudly and dramatically. “How dare you!”
“Told ya,” Dean snarked.
“He’s dead?”
Dean woke handcuffed to the fireplace in Dr. Vallens’ office. He pulled against the cuffs, pointlessly, then glanced over to where Jack was sleeping on the couch. The baby was still out cold, unharmed but entirely oblivious to the danger they all were in. Dr. Vallens and a blood-drenched man, the one who had been wearing Sam’s face, were arguing.
“My brother betrayed me.” A great sadness washed over Amara. “He said he wanted my help to start a new Creation. He said he was lonely. He promised that he wouldn’t imprison me again. He lied.” She looked up at Cas. “And you, Castiel, freed me.”
“Kevin Tran.”
The song Cas sings to Jack is Where The Streets Have No Name by U2
And, according to Cas, he was a good dad. Somehow, that calmed some of the fears gnawing at his stomach.
She smiled sadly. “Go.”
Dean couldn’t really argue with that. “I forgive you.”
She stared down at the shrine for a while longer.
Cas laughed at him, and Dean couldn’t help but smile, despite his irritation with the condition of the road. He reached a hand out, laying it palm-up on the seat. Cas took his hand, and held onto it until they reached Fairbanks, not even letting go when he changed the cassette tape to Lover, then the Led Zepplin mixtape, then 1989. They were three songs in when Dean pulled into a gas station near the university. They walked into the gas station to pick up snacks, their shoulders bumping lightly until Cas wandered off to look at a collection of brochures.
They were almost there. Just a few yards to go. They stopped in front of the rift. It had grown even thinner.
“Oh, Baby,” Dean bemoaned, walking over to the cartoonized car. He got into the driver’s seat, so Sam took his place in the passenger’s seat. It was extremely odd, doing something so normal from a cartoon lens.
“He, um,” Sam stammered, obviously feeling sorry for the witch. Dean couldn’t bring himself to reflect such sentiments. “He’s dead.”
“Maybe it’s an angel,” Dean offered, his face stone hard and determined.
She fell to the ground, her legs too weak to hold her upright. She felt Jody take her into her arms and card her hands through her hair. All she could do was sob, burying her face into Jody’s chest.
“You think you can save the world from me, Sam?” Lucifer boomed, walking slowly toward him. Sam could see his wings beginning to take form, all six of them.
“Patience, Kaia, this is Sheriff Donna Hanscum,” Jody said, “she’s, uh, killed a lot of vampires.”
“Gabe, will you please help me with the groceries?”
“He is half angel. It’s not a hard and fast rule, but without enough angels to spare to negotiate with me….”
“Well that was certainly interesting,” came a voice from behind him, before Cas could even begin to process what just happened. No. That couldn’t be. Cas turned to see Lucifer standing at the edge of the trees.
“Well,” Cas replied softly, “he is a shapeshifter.” He coughed softly. “Besides, I’m the one who got myself captured.”
Cas looked at him in confusion. Dean had missed that face he made, with his eyes squinted and his head tilted to the side.
“Well,” Sarge said, “you boys are more than welcome to poke around, but… I catch up with your runner first, there ain’t gonna be much left of him to take back to Texas.” Cas was slightly alarmed at the casual air with which he admitted his intent to murder, but he supposed he understood. “You can count on it.”
“What about the girl?” Claire asked. “Kaia.” Alex resumed cleaning her wounds.
“If there are ghosts,” Daphne said shakily, “that means there’s an afterlife. Heaven. Hell. Am I going to Hell?!”
Jack turned to look at Naomi, pondering for a moment. Then he snapped his fingers, and she was gone.
With trembling hands, he set his mug of coffee on the counter. “Sam, can you please feed him? I need to go on a grocery run.”
Mary finished her sandwich, then stood. “Dean, can I take over the kitchen?”
They burst into the emergency room with Jack limp in Cas’ arms, having fallen asleep out of pure exhaustion.
“Well, whatever it was, it’s gone now,” the blond man said, running his hands along the walls in search of said hidden door. He turned to a door. “It looked like it was coming out of here.” He pushed the door open with a creak.
Claire paused before answering. “Thank you.”
At that moment, the door swung open. Mary rushed in, holding Jack in her arms.
“I lost him,” he sighed, then turned to the girl. “Did you get a good look at him?”
A car horn caught their attention. The girls watched as a tall black truck with a license plate reading “D-TRAIN” pulled up next to Patience’s Jeep.
“Well, I thought about asking you nicely for it, but…”
“Castiel, you know the Bible,” Chuck replied ambiguously. “I mean, you lived through most of the stuff in there. Not that you’d remember all of it, I mean, Naomi did quite the number on your little grapefruit.” Sam couldn’t help but notice Cas flinch. “But I know you remember Abraham and Isaac.”
Slowly, Dean stood, leaving his shotgun on the ground by the Sarge. He raised his hands up to shoulder height and glared at the ghoul.
“Yeah, we do.” There was no possible way that Lucifer hadn’t killed her the instant they landed in that other world. No possible way. He wanted to have faith in her, but he had none left. The only being he’d ever prayed to with any sort of hope was lying dead on the pyre in front of him. “We do, Sam. Lucifer killed her the moment he realized we trapped his ass.” Saying it was agony. But he knew it was the truth. “He killed her, you know he did.” He bowed his head, trying to will away the tears that were starting to clog his throat. “She’s gone. They’re all gone.”
“Our mother and… uh, Jack’s dad. Our brother.” Dean was happy to let Sam do the talking. He was distracting himself by gently running his fingers over the thin blonde hair on Jack’s head. The baby remained asleep.
“Yep,” Jody replied curtly. They listened to the creatures clattering and shrieking in the other room. Though she’d only seen two, she was sure there were more. Honestly, though, she didn’t want to find out just how many of them there were. She and Donna snuck silently back down the stairs. Adrenaline pumped through Jody’s body as they rounded corners and searched for another way out.
“Tell me,” Rowena said with a lowered voice, stalking closer to Dean, “did they get to fifth base?”
Lucifer looked over at Sam, who was still frozen in fear. “See ya later, Sammy.” With a flap of wings, he disappeared.
Suddenly, from behind them, there came a blood curdling shriek. The five of them whipped around to see a young girl with red hair and a blue striped dress and blood dripping from her mouth.
She smirked, and blinked, her eyes going white. She blinked again, and they returned to normal.
“Sammy!” he yelled, straining through the woman’s grip, “they’re really weirdly strong!” Unfortunately, Sam had figured that out on his own, as the younger witch had pinned him to the floor, choking him out as well.
The blaring of a car horn brought Patience out of her vision. She gasped, and finished pulling into her driveway. She had no idea how long she’d been sitting there, stuck in her reverie.
Amara liked this town on the Oregon coast. It was quiet, peaceful, and somehow, still bustling with life. She lifted her face to the rain, letting it drip on her eyelids.
“Your grandmother was psychic,” Jody explained, “and she sent us to protect you.”
“The spell to open the gate,” Cas said evenly, “you gave us the wrong ingredients.”
“Hey, you know that Rowena is not our friend, right?”
It wasn’t Kaia’s killer.
“B-but you’re… you’re dead.”
“Claire, if I put the brakes on you, it’s because you can’t go dive-bombing into every fight.”
His father let out a low whistle. “That’s a long time.”
“Bless your precious heart,” Rowena purred, “you just described my entire life.”
Bobby didn’t answer. Mary followed his eyes, and gasped.
Sam glared at him. “Dean, this is Lucifer. We can’t wait on this.”
The room was warm, so Sam unwrapped him from his blanket. He swung his tiny fists around for a moment, then settled into the mattress.
“Jody, I… I had a vision.” The poor girl looked terrified. “Something bad’s coming.”
“There’s another one?” Patience asked, her eyes widening.
“Works for me,” Dean mumbled. Cas wondered if he was really processing any of this. He stood as well, ready to leave, but Dean held up a hand to stop him and pointed at his coffee mug. Cas sighed, rolled his eyes, and sat back down.
Sam sighed. “Who knows.”
“Whoa,” he muttered to himself.
“Sammy!” It was Dean. Dean had him. He was safe.
“It’s really him,” Dean said. Cas turned to see him grinning widely at Sam.
“Yes,” Sam replied, “uh, on Earth 2, except--”
“Castiel!”
Kaia sat cross-legged in the center of the room. Jack screamed even louder, and she was shocked to see his eyes glowing yellow. Ready or not, this was happening. The ship rumbled again.
“I’m not gonna bring this kid on a hunt so that he gets ganked before he’s even two months old! If that happens, then Cas and Mom–” his throat caught as his brain froze around the words “–then they died for nothing.”
“Right, because this is so easy for you, huh?” Sam said, turning to Dean with his voice raised. Jack whimpered quietly against Dean’s chest.
Sam balked. His father, apologizing? He glanced at Dean, who looked as confused as he was. “Uh. Thanks.” He wasn’t sure how else to respond.
“You don’t have to do this alone,” Jody said. Claire couldn’t bear to look at her. “When you’re ready, if you want… we’re all here for you.”
She sighed. “Most likely, yes. There’s always the off chance that he’s not, though. Better to play it safe.”
“Whoa whoa whoa,” Donna said, grabbing her arm, “we’re gonna go back, right? You know, tell the girls?”
Sam sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He hadn’t had a headache like this since he’d been dealing with psychic powers. “That might be a good idea. Hang on, let me set you up with some protection charms.” He pulled a few charms from one of the duffel bags and tied them around Jack’s tiny wrists, then handed a charm and Jack to Donatello. “Be back in fifteen?”
“Dean?” Cas croaked, opening his eyes and looking at Dean.
“Why do you want it so bad?” Sam asked, ignoring Dean’s snark. “Why now?”
A hell of a large one; it was longer than Baby.
“Well, I’m Agent Russell,” Dean replied. “This here is my associate.” He looked over at Cas, signaling to make up a name for himself. Going with a theme of westerns, huh?
At that moment, Dean and Castiel burst into the room. Dean stopped when he saw his father pinned to the wall, but Castiel made a beeline for his son.
“Great.” Dean pulled away from Cas, immediately feeling colder. Probably nerves.
“I don’t care.” The fear had turned to fire, and Sam could feel himself shying away from the heat.
“Dead?” James echoed.
“In a minute,” she replied, ladling soup into another child’s bowl.
“Drive safe, kid.”
Dean flashed back to that moment under the streetlamp, over a decade ago, when he’d laid a hand on the angel’s shoulder, and told him to never change. If only he’d known then what he knew now. The same blue eyes, now mortal, sparkled with tears.
Dean opened his mouth to respond, but the sound of loud footsteps reached his ears. They were headed towards their room. Dean grabbed his gun off of the table while Sam set Jack down on the bed. He made his way to the door and nodded at Sam. Sam picked up his gun and nodded back. In just a few swift movements, Dean opened the door, grabbed whoever was outside, and flung them onto the couch.
“We spent years hunting down the thing that killed you,” John growled. “Trying to honor your memory. I died trying to do that for you.” Dean’s stomach rolled. “And now you’re throwing away your family– your blood family– for some random kids?”
“Because I love you.” Before Mary could argue, he added, “I resent you, too. But… I understand everything you’ve done, every mistake you’ve made. If I were in your shoes, I would have made the same choices.” He inhaled deeply, tears welling in his eyes. “And I know how hard it is to see what Dad turned us into. Me, I’m broken, and angry, and I’d rather gank a demon than talk about my feelings.” Mary laughed sadly at that. “But, Mom, we’re… we’re okay.”
Rangers? No they were FBI. “Well, actually–”
“You betrayed your brethren.”
Dean laughed wetly. Had he been crying? “Do you, uh. Want some cookies?”
Dean groaned, and stood from the couch. “Man, I am getting real tired of fighting things that look like other things.”
“No, you’re on dad duty,” Sam said.
Cas sighed. Unfortunately, the devil had a point. “Well, I have to talk to Sam and Dean.” Not to mention, he would not take Lucifer to Jack unless it was absolutely necessary.
“Dean.” He looked up in response to the urgency in Cas’ voice. There, in front of them, behind the barrel of a handgun pointed directly at Cas’ head, was–
“Well, let’s hear it.”
“If you’re right,” Cas replied, “how much time do we have?” If he was going to be stuck here with the devil, might as well get some intel.
“Your favorite little brother!”
A gun cocked to Dean’s right. Sam was carrying another shotgun, which was also trained on Mather.
Claire smiled, looking embarrassed. “Um… heroic battle with a doorknob. I tripped.”
Sam sighed. “Look, you’ve seen this episode, right?” Dean nodded in return. “So why can’t we just skip to the end?”
The coppery taste of blood filled his mouth, and he realized he was biting on his lip.
“Yeah, you know what? Dean has a tape of Led Zeppelin’s ‘Moby Dick’ with an eight minute drum solo. I’m sure it’s around here somewhere.” All he wanted was for Rowena to shut up so that Jack would remain asleep. He didn’t need a cranky post-nap baby to add to this pile of trouble.
The Sarge was already there when he arrived, shotgun in hand. Dean cursed under his breath. He hoped he wouldn’t have to explain the whole ‘monsters are real’ thing to him.
“Your dream is to hang out with the Scooby Gang?” Sam asked snidely.
Cas frowned a moment before he remembered who Mary was talking about. The refugee kids.
Sam woke to Gabriel’s hand on his forehead. He groaned at the migraine pounding through his skull.
“One grilled cheese for the newly resurrected,” Dean said, setting a plate in front of Eileen.
“Yeah, I do, give me a sec.” Sam went down to his room to get his pendulum out of an enchanted lockbox. It was made of obsidian, carved into a glossy point. Eileen had given it to him the last time they’d seen each other. She’d promised to teach him some Irish tracking spells. She never got the chance.
“Uh, what about Jack?”
When Cas placed his socked feet on the ground, he gasped. The floor was freezing. Normally things like this didn’t bother him. He hadn’t felt cold since….
Dean and a long-haired man with similar facial features.
He let go of her, swiping the tears off of his face. “I thought you were dead.”
She loved Kaia. She failed Kaia.
“Dean!”
“By what, Cas?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Sam replied as Dean strode past him, through the saloon doors. He followed, figuring Cas could deal with Jack for the time being. He decided to ignore Dean’s ramblings about the rest of the decor in the room as he unpacked his clothes and hung them on the god-awful stirrup hangers in the wardrobe.
an office. The walls were so bright, they almost hurt Dean’s eyes. Except for the back wall, which was made of panels that lit up with colored lights. The desk to his right was empty.
“Charlie.”
Cas nodded. “And Mary?”
Cas handed Jack off to Sam, and joined Dean at the stove. He chattered instructions to Cas, trying to drown out the awkward silence at the table. His heart pounded. John hadn’t seemed to approve of a single person they’d introduced him to so far, and Mary obviously did not approve of John’s behavior after her death. Would he have to choose between his father and the rest of his family?
Sam blinked. Did he seriously just compare Cas to a dog after all those months of acting like a goddamned widower?
“Cas, what the hell?” he yelled. Fear closed around his throat.
“Hello,” came a voice, sounding like a twisted version of his– or Jimmy’s– voice.
“I suppose I should do this world a favor, and break this up,” Chuck said, shrugging. Michael snapped his head up, looking at Chuck with fear.
“Angels?”
Dean scoffed. “Only twice? Those cave people must have had balls of steel.”
“They’re really bad,” he groaned. Sam looked back at him, but he did not elaborate before yelling to Dean to turn again.
He and Jody rushed out the door, and both hopped into the Impala. It was nice to have her beside him in the passenger seat. They roared down the highway, the silence between them deafening. Dean wondered how much Sam had spilled to her about recent events.
Donatello chuckled. “Poor little tyke. Probably sick of being stuck in here. Should I take him for a walk?”
“Sam,” he rasped back. Sam threw himself to the ground, and lifted Dean up by the shoulders.
“Buddy, come on. Do I need to shave or something?”
Dean sighed. “Fine. We’re out of here in a few hours.” Sam watched as he leaned over the carrier, picked up Jack, and began to hum as he rocked him back to sleep. Within minutes, the kid was out cold. Dean set him on one of the double beds, then climbed under the covers next to the baby.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rolled his eyes and led the way into the bunker. The library was empty.
“Sure,” Sam said, “got it. But your process–”
“Oh, hey, let me take those for you,” Dean said, seemingly thankful for the distraction from their parents fighting. Sam turned to Eileen.
“Tell me, Castiel from another world,” apocalyptic Castiel sneered, “what was it that was so worth falling for?” He lunged at Cas with lightning speed.
For a long moment, the only sound in the kitchen was the still-sizzling bacon. Cas genuinely considered smiting Dean on the spot for a long moment.
“Loving me.”
“Hey, Claire.”
“Hi.” Patience seemed to have similar reservations about Claire.
“Yeah, I know that.” Did Dean know about his conversation with her about Lucifer? He doubted it. Did he know about the page from the book?
Dean had no time to process that information before his foe delivered a powerful kick to his chest, sending him flying into the dirt. He scrambled to his feet, despite his aching spine. “Cool!” So if he just got a hold of the sword, easy peasy.
Cas set his jaw, and Dean knew that no amount of pleading would change his mind. “I have to save him.” His eyes flared a brilliant blue, and Dean could feel the energy in the air as Cas channeled his grace into the little limp body.
Lucifer sneered, his true face fully showing. Sam fought the urge to turn and run, somehow succeeding in maintaining eye contact, staring the Devil down as he stuck the needle into his own neck.
Sam sighed. “Gabriel is trying to teach us something, that’s what tricksters do. I just don’t know what.”
Cas decided to play along with its student-teacher game. “Nothing.”
“I have a job, Claire.”
Mather swaggered toward Dean, pulling the bandana down to reveal the rest of his face. For a moment, they stared each other down.
“Fine.” A blade just like the one the man carried dropped from the woman’s sleeve as the other of Kaia’s kidnappers threw his head back, knocking the man away.
Cas was thumbing through a volume in the library when Sam walked in, baby monitor in hand.
The archangel stepped toward them. Thunder rumbled overhead. “I have a deal for you, Dean Winchester.”
“Also, the heavy winds today may have blown over the shrine,” Sarah said, looking sheepish.
Claire nodded.
Suddenly, one of the creatures leapt on top of the car. Without any further words, Donna shot through the roof, and Jody heard it shriek and jump away. As it turned to attack the car again, it was engulfed in flames. It roared in agony, then fell quiet. Jody and Donna jumped out of the car, ready to tackle the newest threat.
He didn’t move.
“But we will, you and me.”
“Okay,” Dr. Vallens said, shaking her head in anguish. “I, um. I have an alibi for Wes. I volunteer at a women’s shelter downtown. I was there that night, you can call them.” She looked at them pleadingly. “I know you guys are hunters. But please, I am telling you the truth.”
Gone, gone, gone.
Dean just looked at her. She didn’t think they were stupid, did she?
“Um, we’re just… going to go. I, uh. Promised Michael I’d show him my hometown before we head up to Heaven.”
Dean debated lying, or brushing the question off, but he was done pretending, or maybe he was still tired and didn’t have the energy to put on a ‘just fine’ face. “No, Sam, I’m not okay. I’m pretty far from okay.” He inhaled deeply. “You know, my whole life, I always believed that what we do is important. No matter what the cost, no matter who we lost, whether it was Dad or Bobby or….” He swallowed thickly, his throat suddenly dry. “And I would take the hit. But I kept on fighting because I believed that we were making the world a better place. And now Mom and Cas….” Memories of that horrible night flashed through his mind. “And I don’t know. I don’t know.”
“Go ahead and take a seat, Mina.”
The angel blade shattered like glass.
Chuck scowled. “Fine then. See how things go without my help.”
“You heard me.” Sam didn’t think he could say it again without vomiting.
“Exactly,” Dean agreed, “so for now, let’s follow ascot boy’s lead.” Cas was not sure why Dean was so antagonized by the blond man. Was it because he was homosexual?
“Dad, this is Castiel. Cas, meet John.”
“I’m helping people. My patients. I shift into the person they’ve lost so that they can see them one last time, so that they can say goodbye.”
“So Sam and Dean are missing, and you’re bailing?”
He grinned as he heard Lucifer kick at the floor and let out a sharp exhale.
Dean clapped his hands together. “Aw, man, this is getting good.”
“Yeah,” Sam replied incredulously, “except our ghosts don’t wear masks, and we don’t have a talking dog.”
Up above them, something caught Jody’s eye.
Cas shook his head. “I’m sorry.”
Patience watched as Alex unzipped the body bag, revealing the most grotesque thing she’d ever seen in real life. Sure, these things existed in horror movies, but real life? No way.
Gabriel took a deep breath. “Don’t ask me to do this, brother.”
As he lowered Jack down, he began to stir and whimper softly.
“He’s family.”
“Dean, how do you feel about museums?” Cas asked, thumbing through a pamphlet.
“Yeah, it was clean.”
“What’s wrong with you?”
“No, we need the blood of a most holy man,” Cas corrected.
“Oh, kiddo, I’m a terrible singer, you don’t want me to sing you to sleep.”
Charlie stared him down for a long moment without answering. Then she put her gun in her hip holster, resting one hand on it, as she pulled an angel blade from behind her back. “Let me test you two. Then I’ll take you to her.”
“He’s biologically the son of Lucifer,” Cas explained, leaning against the counter. “But his mother entrusted him to me. Unfortunately, I was dead for a while, so Dean had to take over parenting duties during that time. Now, we’re co-parenting.”
He heard the sound of large boots clomping gently over the concrete floor.
Lucifer puffed out his chest, his eyes flashing red. “So help me,” he whispered threateningly.
Claire and Kaia entered the garage, stopping short when they saw the monster corpse.
“Never again. You’ll join me?” The Light held out his hand.
“Great work, Ash.”
“Come on, Sammy, I’m fine, we just need–”
Velma looked away. “Oh, I uh,” she chuckled self consciously, then continued weaving throught the piles of junk. Weird. Alright then.
“Hey,” Sam said, “I, uh, I was too late. Shifter’s gone, Driscoll’s dead.”
“Yeah,” Sam agreed, “A ghoul who owns a mortuary. That’s smart, but….”
Dean stared at Sam, trying to find the words for how he felt. But he could never figure that out, even on a good day, so he did what he usually did– deflected. “Right now, I wanna kill some dead guy’s dead wife.”
“Because Donatello wanted them to kill us,” Cas said patiently. “He wants us dead.”
“Road food!” Scooby barked.
Cas loved him.
Cas let out a long breath. “Not as long as last time.”
“Lil’ Asmodeus,” Lucifer shot back, “My onetime stooge, runt of the litter.” Cas silently wished that Lucifer would shut up. “Dimmest bulb in the string, et cetera, et cetera. I see you must’ve taken Crowley’s spot? Yeah. That’s okay, you can stand down now.” He cleared his throat, and Cas was alarmed to hear the fear in his tone. “Skipper’s back.”
“All right, all right. Um.” He cleared his throat, trying to think of a song. Elvis wasn't such a bad idea. “Wise men say, only fools rush in....”
“You remember how I pulled a gun on him.” He did. “I was terrified. There was this man, coming at me with a sword drawn, looking ready to kill.” She huffed a soft laugh. “Did you see his face when you walked into the room?”
Dean’s father looked at him appraisingly. “Well, you may have gotten old, but at least you haven’t gotten rusty.”
Alex gave her a small smile before returning to her work.
The scene in the dungeon was an odd one. Somehow, Gabriel had gotten a hold of bondage materials… but the kinky kind. He walked across the room and took the ball gag out of Donatello’s mouth. The prophet began to speak as though he had been in the middle of a sentence.
“You know…” Lucifer replied, still out of breath, “this would be so much easier if I was stronger.”
“Well, how do we get rid of it?” Sarah asked.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “‘I’ll show you childish,’” he said, imitating Gabriel’s voice.
“I…” Patience looked legitimately frightened. “I saw you die.”
“No.”
“Just… tell me how you get there.”
“Are you alright?”
They left the cafe, and Dean followed Sarah’s little white Subaru to the trailhead. Dean and Cas armed themselves with iron rods, and then they made their way down to the creek as the sun began to dip behind the mountains.
“You don’t.” Dean’s heart dropped. “But then again,” Billie continued, “I’m not the one breaking cosmic bargains left and right now, am I?”
Sam sighed. “Right. I’ll start working on some leads, too.”
“Da!” Jack contributed.
Sam attempted to tug the book from her hands, and she looked up at him in… terror? What was that about? She whispered something to Sam. He thought he could make out the ‘Lucifer’ among it. Sam took the book, and they both watched grimly as Rowena rushed out of the house.
“Yes.”
“Castiel?” the one in the green shirt squeaked, “It sounds like a great Italian pizza place.” He reached out his hand.
He approached Sam, who was just hanging up the phone as he clutched a sleeping Jack to his chest.
“Room 117,” the receptionist replied. Dean rushed down the hall before he could ask for any more information.
“And,” Dean continued, “since you speak God, we figured it was right up your alley. So, give it a swing.”
“Um. We’ve gone through… a lot of shit since Azazel.”
In one swift motion, Dean beheaded him.
“Okay.” Sam stood vigil by the fire while Dean carried Jack back into the house. He took the child upstairs and laid him gently in the crib. He wondered if Cas or Kelly had put it together. Looking at Jack, sleeping with his tiny mouth slightly open, he tried to imagine what he’d be like when he was older. Somehow, he couldn’t imagine him being anything like Lucifer. He imagined him as sort of dorky, helping people, not quite understanding mere mortal humans… like Cas.
“It’s time to come home.”
“Of course, Renee.” She scooped another serving of scrambled eggs onto her plate. The girl gave her thanks and ran back to the Dean Cave, where the rest of the children were eating and watching cartoons.
Missouri paused before answering. “He has his reasons.” Dean wanted to say something, but he didn’t know how to handle the look of sorrow on his friend’s face. “I’ll just stay behind, say my farewells to Dede.”
“Can I help you?” asked the receptionist, a smartly-dressed man with his arms full of files.
Not wanting to waste another moment, Sam and Eileen followed Rowena downstairs. Ingredients were laid out on a countertop alongside a piece of thick yellowed paper.
Claire sat in the back of Patience’s Jeep, watching Alex and Patience throwing rocks into the nearby river, trying to teach Jack how. The kid was cute, she had to admit. He still held onto her Grumpy Cat plushie. Though she wouldn’t admit it to anyone, she’d grown stupidly attached to the thing. It was like a good luck charm.
Sam’s heart panged at the familiarity of the words. “Mom, you should go find Dean.”
A sob escaped his chest. God, everyone had known, hadn’t they?
Dean didn’t know how to respond to his little brother, but something else caught his attention. The hooded figure was back, stalking through the trees toward an ape-like skull that stood nearly as tall as the figure. It was still carrying the spear. Now Dean could see that it was forked.
“Ghosts come back because they draw power from their bodies,” Cas explained. Dean raised his eyebrows. This was news to him. “Since she does not have a body, the iron will simply destroy her.”
“Oh, I trusted you,” Cas shot back, his lip curling, “when we fought the Darkness, and then you betrayed us. And I trusted you–”
“You got that right,” Gabriel confirmed.
He heard footsteps behind him, and turned. Four more demons, all wielding angel blades, were standing at the end of the hallway.
“Well, yeah,” Sam scoffed, “maybe in a car–”
They all looked at each other, coming to the same realization at the same time.
Dean turned to see Mariana clutching a handful of the orange rocks, panting heavily.
“Why are you here?” Dean asked bluntly.
“So,” Sam said, “what do we tell Athena?”
“Already did,” Alex said. She turned to Jody. “You gonna be okay?”
“Kaia, I’m here,” Claire said softly, her voice thick with tears.
“Me too.” Kaia glanced over to see Claire unzipping her jeans to reveal a scarred-over bite mark on her ankle. “Ghoul bite.” The crazy blonde looked proud of it. Kaia couldn’t help but smile. She lifted her jacket to reveal another large and jagged scar on her shoulder. “Bar fight with a vampire. He threw me through a window.” She looked back at Kaia, as if for approval, and Kaia felt herself blush. She looked away. Now was not the time to be getting a stupid schoolgirl crush. Still….
“She wanted intel,” Dean answered, glad to take his mind off his friend. “She said that we’re important, that we’ve got work to do.”
“I killed a monster.”
“I– Well– You remember when I was forced to spy on you and Sam, right?” Cas stuttered, not really wanting to tell Dean this story– but they were bound to come around to it eventually, it might as well happen now.
“I’m working my way through the ingredients,” he said softly.
It looked like short stubby fingerlike tentacles where the mouth and nose should have been.
“Ah.” Obviously it wasn’t important. “Ask ‘em where they got their loincloths.” Dean stifled another laugh.
Before she could get back to her feet, she heard a gunshot. Blue liquid poured from the monster’s leg. Jody. The monster turned toward her, but Claire was up and stabbing up through its chin before it could do anything else. It screeched and gagged up more blue liquid before falling limply to the concrete. She pulled the knife out with a satisfying squish, and turned to Kaia and the baby.
And of course, Castiel was a wonderful friend to her and to Sam. And to Dean….
The archangel shrugged. “Call it time-out.”
“Hi, Jody.” Was she in trouble? She didn’t think she was in trouble. It had been a while since she’d heard from Jody, though.
“She got Kaia home.”
“I did.” She typed it in again anyway. A new result popped up. “But….” She opened the file. “An unidentified woman was just brought in.”
“Yeah, the whole world’s insane.” The other man was back. “You get used to it.” He sighed. “She took off. She might be back, she might not.” In reference to the other supposed angel, Kaia guessed.
“Dean, I… I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have… said that, like that, then, I just… I had to save you, I–”
“Killed himself for us,” Dean supplied.
Kaia was dead. She had promised to protect her, and she was dead. She had died in the very place she feared. Died to save Claire.
“I don’t know. That you’re making a plan to get Mom back, or something.”
“Claire?” Dean said in disbelief.
Castiel looked at her for a long time after she finished. Mary took a large gulp of her beer.
Definitely a ghost.
He nodded, and took Gabriel and Rowena’s hands. A flap of his wings, and they were in a throne room made of dull stone with gothic arched ceilings. A throne sat on a raised dias on one side of the room.
“Or what?”
And Dean wanted. He wanted it so badly, more than he’d ever wanted anything else. He wanted to run his fingertips over his skin, hold him in his arms through the night, wake up next to him. For so long, he had settled for fleeting touches through layers of fabric, embraces only in the face of death, small gifts and stolen moments here and there.
Dean shook his head furiously, still staring at the pan. “No, it’s not.” He breathed in deeply. Cas wasn’t sure if he was talking about the eggs anymore. Dean shook himself, and began again, scraping ruined food into the trash can and cracking fresh eggs into a bowl and whisking them together. “I’m going to do it right this time.”
Jody grinned. “Oh, better.”
“This is worse than when I could only taste the molecules,” he commented.
“You know,” Dean said, “I said it before, but good work in there.” He didn’t want to admit that he probably could have been taken out if it weren’t for Patience’ warning.
As if summoned, Jack popped into the room, landing on Dean’s lap. Dean wrapped his arms protectively around the child, scooting backward across the floor, away from Chuck.
Jack stayed asleep when Dean finished the song, and he took a moment to run his calloused fingers through the kid’s hair. His kid. Jack was his kid. He was Jack’s dad.
Jody stared at her in disbelief. Claire couldn’t take this. She didn’t want to. She began to walk out the door.
“They are our family,” Sam shot back. “And if you can’t accept that, then you can leave.”
“Dean–”
Dean hummed, and flipped open the Black Grimoire, which they had set on the bench seat between them. He revealed the missing page in the book. “Then what’s that?”
“Patience, don’t.” She stopped in her tracks. “You go now, you choose that life, you don’t come back.”
James looked at Dean with fear. “She’s still at school.”
Sam sighed. No beating around the bush here. He had really hoped to strike up a conversation before delving into this topic. When Dean had relayed the information that they needed archangel grace, Sam had told him that Gabriel would not be happy about even more of his grace being siphoned off, especially after his time with Asmodeus.
Now Dean looked up at him. “What?”
“So, what, you just want to kill him?” Dean asked roughly.
“Yes, I am. I was waiting for the nephilim– Jack, you’ve named the little thing!– when I intercepted your call, and oh, I just had to see you.”
“This is Jack,” Sam replied, scooping up the baby, who maybe was not as helpless and human as he had originally thought. “Jack is a nephilim.”
“Here.” Cas sidled up behind Dean and reached his hand over his shoulder to brush his hand against Jack’s face. With a faint ringing of grace, the candy mess was gone. He laid the hand on Dean’s shoulder for a moment as he retracted his arm, sending small shivers through the hunter’s body.
The girl on top of Sam laughed. “You think?”
Besides, now he had Cas to look out for, too. The man could certainly handle himself, but without his grace, he was much more vulnerable.
“No,” Dean said, dropping the pole and standing, “I saw Cas kill you.” Panic rose in his throat.
“Perfect!”
“You–” Rowena scoffed. “I can get you the blood, but I’m afraid I can’t help you with the Seal.”
“‘Code three…’” he mumbled, “Okay, so that means an officer down.” Dean walked through the saloon doors, his face blank with sleep, and trudged to the coffee machine. He hummed happily when he saw that Cas had already brewed the coffee.
“A little rip?” She seemed almost amused by Dean’s unfazed tone of voice.”Into another world? And you went there?”
“Damn it. All right, well, get back here.”
“And Jack?” Cas prompted.
“I, uh. Think it’s time we told her and… and Dad about us.” Dean looked up at Cas to gauge his reaction.
Sam nodded. “Sure. Exactly.”
“For war.” Dean recoiled slightly. “War is what Michael does.” It pained him to think that he would have to once again take up the role of soldier, but really, wasn’t that what he was doing as a hunter, too?
That was not the answer Sam was expecting. “What?” The cogs in his brain whirred uselessly. “You’ve been wanting me to admit that since it happened.”
“Not if. When. When. The guy’s on a mission.”
“Yeah, me and Sam.”
The events of the day before suddenly came rushing back to him. Chuck’s betrayal, Lucifer, Jack’s grace.
“Dean?” came Patience’s voice, before he could even say hello.
“We should probably get you some toys and stuffed animals, huh?” Sam said softly. Jack just stared at him. “Let’s see, we’ll get you some cars, and blocks, and a teddy bear.” He smiled gently. “Maybe we’ll get you a little angel to watch over you in your sleep.” He knew it was silly to think that angels really kept children safe as they slept, but Kelly’s words echoed through his head. ‘There’s an angel watching over you.’
“All set to go?” Rowena asked. She, Eileen, and Gabriel were standing in the library all ready.
“Donatello, listen–” Sam began, but turned to his brother. To Cas’ horror, Dean was wheezing and choking, clutching at his throat and trying to draw breath to no avail. Donatello began to laugh maniacally again.
“Great,” Sam replied, “thanks. Again, sorry.” She shrugged and put her headphones back on as Sam left. He went back to the car, where he had left Jack sleeping in the back seat. He knew that if Dean and Cas found out about that, they’d be beyond pissed, but he couldn’t just bring a baby into a morgue. Besides, he’d left the air conditioning on, and he was asleep.
When they turned the corner, they were met with the sound of cans falling to the floor. Dean was staring at Eileen in shock.
Dean looked at him. Virgin lamb’s blood? What the fuck did that mean?
“I left him with Sam? I left same time as you, Dean, you saw me,” Donatello replied with confusion. “I went out to get breakfast burritos. Extra spicy.”
Cas’ face was a mask devoid of emotion. But Dean could see through the cracks; he saw the remorse in Cas’ eyes when he spoke.
There was a pregnant silence.
Dean swung at the girl, but she flickered out of existence and reappeared a few feet away… just behind Cas. Cas whirled around, but the girl raised a hand, shrieking again, and the iron pole flew out of Cas’ hands.
“I’m…” she decided to skip the part where she pretended she was perfectly fine. “I’m coping.”
Dean realized that he was crying. He straightened up and wiped the tears from his face, then turned and left the room. He had to take care of Jack now. He could think about this later. But the guilt inside him spread like poison, filling his veins and boiling his blood.
It amazed Cas, the lengths humans would go to deny anything that felt unfamiliar to them.
Cas pursed his lips. Yeah, maybe that wasn’t the best comeback.
“Where’s Jack?” Sam and Dean demanded in unison.
Mary nodded, shock written all over her face, and turned to Adam/Michael. “And you are?”
“Because,” Sam said loudly, “we both agreed to give it a shot, right?” Dean smiled tersely in return. “My brother, he’s not processing his grief.”
Dean was surprised to wake up to sunlight instead of Jack crying. He remembered how many times Sam had woken them up with screaming when he was little. He reached to where he had laid Jack down, but there was nothing but sheets. No baby.
“I’m so sorry. For everything.”
The angel sighed. “I don’t know, but it looks like more of it got on his face than in his mouth.”
“So the Devil’s gone,” Dean finished.
“Yeah, I got that much. I heard you in the hallway. What’s the Bad Place?”
Jack. Cas’ kid. Because really, who was Dean kidding. Lucifer may have sired the kid, but Cas was the one who had stayed by Kelly’s side, built a home, painted walls and hung curtains and built a crib and bought diapers.
“Jack?”
“He’s part human. The doctors may be able to help.” Cas sighed. “And… If necessary, I can go to Heaven’s gate. See if any of the other angels will help me.”
“We don’t even know what it is,” Claire whispered, fighting tears. She’d barely known Kaia a full two days, and yet….
Sarah caught on immediately. “Are you guys, like, paranormal investigators or something?”
“Ach, well, you can’t really blame her for getting new bairns,” Rowena chimed in from the other side of the room, “I mean, look how you two turned out.”
“Sam. Please. Just– just make sure Gabriel doesn’t zap Jack into cartoon land or whatever.”
Dean ignored him. “All right, let’s see how good old Gloria was dealing.” He read from the journal in a painfully condescending voice. “‘And now that I’ve achieved catharsis, I can truly see the program works.’ The program, man? I mean, she’s one Kool-Aid away from Jonestown.” He grit his teeth. “What’d Wes’ journal say?”
Sarah smiled. “Well, I hope the rest of your visit is a bit less… spooky.”
Kaia found herself giggling. Despite everything, she was sitting here, crushing on a pretty girl and giggling over past scars. They sat in silence, both glancing over at each other sheepishly.
Cas was dead because of him.
“It's like pulling freaking teeth!” Donatello shrieked.
“Our plan, Dean,” Sam replied. “The spell, get Mom back. Donatello’s soul is gone. That’s not just something you come back from.”
“As could you.”
“Oh.” John visibly relaxed. “Dean’s friend.”
“So, do you want to tell us that you’re innocent again?” Dean’s voice was hard as stone, and Sam hoped he wouldn’t shoot until they’d truly proved that Dr. Vallens had killed those people. It just didn’t sound right to Sam.
“Renee.”
“What do you want me to say, Sam?”
Amara smiled gently. She laid a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Thank you, Castiel.” She paused. “And, Castiel, a word of advice?” He listened intently. “Having is so much better than just being.”
“I think it just rang the dinner bell,” he said.
Suddenly, Dean’s arms were wrapped around him. Cas froze, unsure about this new development.
“Now you know better than to screw with me, Asmodeus,” he warned.
The bare truth of it shocked Sam to his core. He couldn’t bring himself to say anything in response.
“Do you want to come with me?”
“Yeah, cops found the victim, Gloria Simon, about an hour ago. Something ripped her apart.”
“I wish he was here.”
“Thank you, Gabriel. Finish that joint before you come inside, I don’t want Jack inhaling any of that shit.”
What was it with him and losing people? He had only just gotten to see her again, and now the universe had taken her away. If he had just stayed with her, she would still be alive.
Kaia slid into consciousness and gasped, her head throbbing in pain. She was tied to a chair. Pulling against the restraints proved to be useless. She glanced around, and discovered that she was in some sort of abandoned room, a warehouse or something.
“Oh, how the mighty have fallen,” they quipped.
The girls glanced at each other nervously, then yelled “Moveantur!” in unison, flinging the two brothers against the far wall. Goddamn, he was getting too old for this shit. All of his joints creaked as he attempted to push himself up from the floor. Thank Chuck they’d decided to leave Jack in the car. Not that he liked the idea of a baby unsupervised in the car, but it was better than some witches killing the kid.
“You’re a good father,” Cas said simply, as if that sentence didn’t rock Dean’s entire world. He felt his face flush again.
“So, looks like you guys are celebrating something,” Dean said, gesturing to the collection of half-empty glasses.
“It’s healthy,” Sam shot back.
“Jack, huh?” he breathed, still gently rocking the baby.
“They need our help,” Cas replied, shrugging.
“Alright then. How do you know my name?”
“James?” Jody prompted.
“Bobby’s.”
“What?” Cas appeared behind Mary, holding Jack, who was watching the scene with a bottle sticking out of his mouth.
Dean swore under his breath. “Someone has to stay here and deal with this ghoul,” he muttered. He turned to Sam. “I’ll drop you both at the motel room. I packed some baby aspirin in Jack’s duffel, and there’s an ice machine down the hall. I’ll head back to the cemetery.”
The two brothers made their way to the lab in the basement.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered, “you looked cold.”
Alex snapped on a glove. “Let’s find out.”
“More,” Sam agreed.
“But,” Missouri continued, “he’s picked up a taste for our kind.”
“I assume he told you that I rescued him from Hell?”
“How is he?” he asked.
Sam decided to ignore that comment. “So how did Asmodeus capture you?”
“Cas, hey. Jack’s fine, turns out we all freaked over nothing. We’ve got some antibiotics and it’s all good. Where are you? You didn’t get any trouble from Heaven, did you?”
Kaia reached out and laid her hand on Claire’s arm. “Claire….”
Dean hung up, then turned to Dr. Vallens again. “Is there somewhere I can put him down to nap?” He asked.
“We find her. No matter what it takes.” He had a mission. He had a goal. He would see it through.
“Fine, fine, we can do your very time-consuming investigation.”
“It’s better if you’re with Jack. You have healing powers, you can figure out what’s the matter with him when he calms down.” Cas sighed, but didn’t argue.
Her help? “With what, Brother?”
“According to the cops, Scotty is her son. Or was her son. He drowned in ‘96.”
Suddenly, the room went cold. Sam grabbed a shotgun loaded with salt rounds that he kept on the ledge above his desk, and swung around.
“No, no, don’t tell me it tastes like chicken,” Sam groaned.
“Why do you care?”
“So everything you told me, it’s true?” Velma asked Sam.
Jody backed out of the hug. “I’m just glad you’re home safe.”
“Wow,” he said simply.
“Hello, Jack,” Cas murmured to the baby. Jack babbled in return and face planted into Cas’ shoulder, drooling on the lapel of his coat.
Dean reached for a burger and hissed softly as he flung it onto the plate. “Hot.”
“Read the damn article I sent you. You’ll thank me later. See you after work.” Claire wanted to throw some more curses at her damn nurse sister, but instead opened the notification as she was told. As soon as she read the headline, she sat bolt upright.
The sun (was it the sun? Dean had meant to ask Cas about that) had taken on a more orange hue, so they packed up their fishing gear and drove back to the cabin, neither noticing how deep in thought the other was. In silence, they unloaded the gear in the garage and headed into the cabin. Dean was not in the mood to cook tonight, but hey, this was Heaven, so there was a box of delivery pizza ready for them on the table. They ate in silence for a while before Dean spoke up.
“What?” Dean asked quietly. Jack stirred on his chest, and he laid his hand on the child’s back, rubbing circles to calm him. Damn Gabriel for giving him his first sugar high.
“So you died to become Death?” Dean asked. His brain could not have come up with this. But it couldn’t be real.
"My middle name is Henry?"
They ran hand in hand through the forest. Kaia ducked expertly between the trees, her grip on Claire’s hand never faltering.
Sarah scoffed. “Not unless you know how to kill ghosts.”
Cas remained silent. Lucifer was impatient, if nothing else. The Winchesters would get him out. Although, maybe that was Asmodeus’ plan. The thought soured his mouth.
From somewhere far away, a voice drifted to Kaia. But… no. She had to still be dreaming. She only heard that voice in dreams, now.
“Let’s rock and roll,” Dean replied, spinning his blade expertly in his hand.
Alex snatched the stack of papers from her desk and set them roughly in the stacking cubicle in which they belonged. “If she needs my help with anything– the dishes, monsters– I’m there. For her.” She wished Claire could see how selfish of her it had been to leave.
“He won’t go to sleep unless you sing to him,” Dean explained.
“Yeah, I got it,” his brother said. Dean nodded gratefully, and rushed out of the room.
Well then you can imagine how this one little blind spot is really bothering me.” Billie’s voice was low and threatening.
“You know,” he said to Jody, “I tried talking to her.”
Sam tried again. “Dean, where’s Dad?”
“I’m just sayin’,” Lucifer quipped.
“Can’t a guy say hello to an old acquaintance?”
“You killed her!” Claire cried, her voice cracking, “you killed her, and you should have killed me! Me! Not her! Well, you coward, I’m back! So finish the goddamn job!”
She’d never thought about grandchildren back before the nursery fire, what with her boys being so young, but she was a bit disappointed when she met her adult children to find that they hadn’t settled down. Now that she had Jack to dote on, though, she was going to take advantage of all the time she could get with him.
Recognition flashed in Cas’ mind. “You’re the Empty.”
Dean shook his head. “No. No, Missouri wanted us to save her family. That’s exactly what we’re going to do.”
Dean and Jody exchanged a look.
“You ever shot a gun before?” she asked.
“We’ll find it, Claire,” Jody murmured, “don’t give up yet.”
“I’ll bet.”
Cas frowned. “Where is Sam?”
“Ruh-roh!” Scooby barked.
“That’s fine,” Dean replied. To his slight surprise, he meant it. “Just… don’t disappear. That’s all I ask. You don’t have to stay here. You can go live with the apocalypse-world refugees. I get it, they… they’re more family to you than we are.” Mary looked away. “I get it, truly. I’ve found my own family over the years. But just… visit us every once in a while. Come see Jack. Stay in our lives.”
Trying not to wake Jack, he quietly opened the door of the rental car and pulled out the folded stroller from the floor of the back seat. He unfolded it, unbuckled Jack’s car seat, and transferred it to the stroller. He hoped that no one would pay too much attention to the fed at a crime scene with an infant in tow.
The figure turned toward her. It wasn’t Dean. In the golden lamplight, his eyes flashed yellow. In his hand, an angel blade gleamed.
Mariana began to cry. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I did this to you, I’m so sorry…”
“Seal of Solomon, check!” he said gleefully, shoving it into Sam’s hand and pushing past him to get to the frankly ridiculous collection of sugary cereals.
It didn’t feel empty anymore.
Sam turned back to his books. He could see why Dean was so unnerved. Mary had made it clear that she was not the apple pie mother figure that he had been missing all his life, only to now be acting mother to all these other children. He didn’t harbor the same sort of resentment that Dean did towards their mom for making that deal and dying because of it, but… it certainly did rub him the wrong way, at least on Dean’s behalf.
“Um, Cas? I cleaned up Jack’s nursery if you want to put him down.” He glanced up to see that the ex-angel was staring at him with an incredulous look on his face. “Or, uh, you can take him to my room.” Cas sighed, but left the kitchen. Dean pulled a beer out of the fridge and sat across from his mom.
“Jack, check on Jack,” Sam groaned, partly in pain and partly in frustration.
“Just follow my lead,” Sam retorted, not taking any of Dean’s crap.
Michael scowled, but it was tinged with confusion. “Castiel, my brother, why do you side with the hairless apes?”
“Ow.” Claire flinched as Alex pressed an alcohol wipe to a scrape on Claire’s cheek.
“Claire,” she whispered back. She slid her hand onto her shoulder, under the hem of her shirt, running her fingers over the raised scar of the ghoul bite. She smiled. “It’s you. You’re here.”
Chuck banged on the door again.
He stormed past Sam and Kaia and the screaming Jack and led the way up the stairs to an upper deck of the ship. Kaia had never been so scared, not even in the Bad Place.
Cas nodded. He stooped down to lay a gentle kiss on Jack’s forehead, then walked swiftly out of the room. Sam sank into a chair next to the bed. It was an adult sized bed, and it looked absolutely giant compared to the infant lying in it. He wished that Dean would hurry up and get there soon.
“Nothing!” the archangel replied guiltily.
“I could kill him.”
“I…” He let his own grief surface, lowering himself into the chair across from Dean. “We killed Lucifer. But… Rowena didn’t make it.”
He coughed in a final attempt to stop laughing. Somehow, it worked.
It wasn’t fair. It was supposed to be her. Patience had predicted her death, not Kaia’s.
Cas frowned. “The angels and demons here….”
“Hello, Samuel,” came the familiar Scottish drawl.
“So Asmodeus will be weaker now,” Sam said as the realization hit him.
“I’ll feed the kid,” Dean interrupted, “You… you’re on wood duty.” Sam saw the tears welling in Dean’s eyes.
He was going to die at the hands of Lucifer, at the hands of his tormentor. Centuries he had spent in the cage, time he barely remembered and tried not to think about, ever, and now he was going to die by Lucifer’s hand. He was going to die by the hand of the angel that possessed him.
“What’s the occasion?”
“The idea had already crossed my mind, Dean, but Jack is a bit too fond of you for me to justify smiting you,” Cas said, deadpan, without looking away from Jack.
“You got any idea where he is?” He didn’t have time for the monster lecture right now.
“Drama queen.”
“Sorry about that,” Dean replied flatly.
Claire sat on her bed, just letting the tears drip down her face. No use trying to stop them.
“He’s not here, Jack. I’m sorry.” I’m sorry for taking him from you. A tear rolled down his face.
He ran a hand through Cas’ hair as he pulled out of the parking lot. Hopefully the rest of this trip would be quite a bit more relaxing.
Mary chuckled. “It’s not for everyone.” They both fell silent for a long moment before Castiel spoke.
As if on cue, the light at the bunker entrance came into view.
Sam found a properly sized sapling and swung at the trunk. The heavy blade buried itself in the soft wood. He swung again, and again, and again, not thinking, letting the whole world blur away.
Suddenly, there was the sound of running feet. Sam jumped to his feet, only to see three of the refugee children running through the library, playing some sort of chasing game. They careened past Jack, disappearing around the corner.
“Sam,” Dean whispered, entering the room, “the cold spot, fritzing out… that was a ghost– our kind of ghost.”
“Hey,” Sam said, shaking his head in disbelief, “how did you get here?”
“I….” Patience looked at Jody. “No. I’m not….” She scoffed. “I get deja vu sometimes, but that’s normal. I’m normal.” She reminded Dean of Sam when he was first dealing with his psychic episodes.
“Go,” Claire urged. She didn’t look particularly happy, but it still shocked Jody to no end that she wasn’t trying to fight her on this.
“All I ever cared about was that my children were safe!”
“Make sure they all wash their hands,” Dean replied.
“Except we dont have the angel tablet anymore.” Sam turned to see Cas enter the war room in an old T-shirt and Jack on his hip. He had dark circles under his eyes. The angel was recovering very quickly from an injury of that magnitude by human standards, but slowly compared to how he had healed in the past. Sam wanted to ask him about it, but figured that now was not the time.
“...must bear witness to possess ability of it. To protect it. Yes. Protect the power. The power has been given you to… TREAD… UPON… YOUR… ENEMIES!”
“No, I’m not,” Sam agreed, gently shutting the door behind him. No point in lying to this girl. “My name is Sam Winchester.”
He made his way to the office chair, made of white fabric (did they make them in white on Earth? Dean had never seen a white office chair on Earth) and sat down in it, lifting his boots onto the pristine white desk. He hoped that Cas was still busy with his Earth business so he would not be pulled from lying in wait.
When he heard the door open and close again, he didn’t look away from the portal. “You cleared the grocery store out of candy yet, Gabe?”
Dean frowned. The question “Why would you do that?” left his mouth before his brain could catch up with the fact that Sam was holding an infant in a bumble bee onesie.
Cas ignored him. He would not give up an ounce of grace for the Devil.
“Hey,” he said softly, “We still got probably twelve hours until we’re home. You want me to drive?”
Fear trickled down Cas’ spine. “Who are you?”
The door behind him opened, and Dean turned to see Sam enter the room, panting heavily.
It suddenly occurred to Sam that Jack had been wrapped in the same blanket since he’d been born. He grabbed a tiny yellow onesie and diaper from Jack’s bag.
“Hey, Gabriel,” Sam said slowly. He gingerly sat himself next to the archangel on the couch. Jack was napping contently in his uncle’s arms.
“Yeah, I think it’s all a set up,” Dean replied with a grimace.
“There was a damn flock of sheep on the road!” Dean yelled back, steadying the car.
“Sorry,” Dean whispered to Cas as Sarah explained to her friends how she knew the two strange men before them.
Sam pushed past his brother to see that the room was empty. The window was open, letting in a cold draft. Sam walked over to the bed with the messed up sheets, and paused. There on the side table was a sketchbook that Kaia must have forgotten in her haste to escape.
“Oh, I just remember being a young, overly ambitious, wee witch,” Rowena drawled, “And I have to give them some credit.” She turned to Dean. “Outfoxed you, didn’t they?”
“G-g-g-g-g-g-ghost!” the dog exclaimed through chattering teeth.
“Fascinating,” Donatello mused, leaning over the infant. “You know,” he said quietly but somewhat professionally to the child, “I’ve met your father. Your power’s nothing like his, no no no. Not dark, not toxic.”
Eileen mirrored his facial expression.
Dean looked ready to kill. “Reformed you?”
“Yes.” Alex typed a series of commands into her computer.
Sam turned to Rowena. “So….”
“And three nights ago, Wes was killed by somebody who looked like his dead wife,” Sam continued.
“Dean!” he heard Patience yell, but the wraith was already onto him, jumping from between two hanging tarps. It slammed him against the wall, knocking the gun from his hand, then threw him against a post. In the split second before the wraith stabbed him with a knife, Dean managed to duck beneath his arm and drive a knee between his legs. He grabbed it by the shoulders and shoved it away from him, then grabbed a length of rope hanging from a nearby pillar. In one swift motion, he deflected the wraith’s stabbing motion and wrapped the rope around its wrists. The wraith shoved him off again, but Dean landed next to a scythe. Perfect. Dean grabbed it and swung at the creature, but it shoved him against another wall. But he was prepared for this; he swung out of the wraith’s grasp and switched their positions, so that the wraith was against the wall, and drove the wraith’s knife into its stomach. It must have been silver, because the wraith gasped and fell to the ground.
Dean glared at him. “No, Sam, it’s a lizard. It tastes like lizard.”
Sam sighed. “Look….” He paused. Maybe this wasn’t the best time to dive into this, but it needed to be addressed. “Losing Mom and Cas, that’s a lot to process, Dean. Especially on no sleep.”
So quickly he stumbled over his words, Sam explained what Kaia had told him. Dean’s eyes grew wider and wider.
Dean led the way into the house, gun at the ready. Something was pounding incessantly against some solid surface, and as he took in the room, he saw that it was a zombie with flyaway blonde hair. The two blondes that had cursed him at the grocery store were leaning over the Black Grimoire.
“Hi, Jack,” she said sweetly, “It’s, uh… I’m your mom. Uh, I guess I should tell you, I always wanted to be a mom. I played with dolls– I was that kind of girl– and daydream about my baby.” She rambled on for a while longer, telling Jack about herself and how she imagined he would be. “Jack,” she continued, her voice more urgent and sincere, “don’t let anyone tell you who you’re supposed to be, because who you’re supposed to be isn’t fate.” She sniffed. “It isn’t me, it isn’t your father.” She sighed. “You are who you choose to be. And I know you’re gonna be okay.” She was crying now, and Sam could feel tears pricking the backs of his eyes. “You are gonna be amazing.” Jack cooed softly, and Sam wondered if maybe he could understand, just a little bit, if the archangel grace lent him some maturity beyond his infant body.
“No!” Lucifer shrieked deafeningly, waving his arm wildly. The doll was knocked out of Sam’s hand as he went flying. He hit the wall sickening crunch, but between the adrenaline and his throbbing head, he couldn’t feel what had broken. When he landed on the floor, arm pinned beneath him, he didn’t move. He wasn’t sure that he could if he tried. He watched, his line of sight at a crooked angle, as Lucifer turned toward him.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, not really wanting to dwell on that hellscape. “I’ll just say, it’s not Candy Land.”
Dean shook his head with frustration.
“Hey, Sarge,” Dean said, rushing to his side. “Hey, you okay?”
Dean looked as though he had been slapped in the face. “That’s–”
“Yeah, it could be anyone, he’s got tunnels all over that graveyard.” Jack finished his bottle, so Sam sat him back up on the table to root around for pieces of cereal.
Cas opened his mouth, shut it again, then spoke. “I wasn’t aware there was such a thing as an outside joke.”
Patience seemed remarkably unfazed for a teenage girl tied to a chair by a brain-eating monster.
“Oof-ta,” Donna commented. Jody held back a comment stronger than ‘oof-ta.’ “There it is.”
Sam returned to the kitchen as Mary exited. “Beds are ready. Dad, you’re in room 14. Eileen and I are going to turn in for the night.”
“It’s Sam. We need your help.”
Lucifer banged his hands on the table. “It’s bad enough the Winchesters were babysitting my son,” he bemoaned, “but now he’s sick? With Heaven, Hell, and everything in between wanting him dead?”
He remained silent. Despite his desire to talk earlier, now it was time to focus on the case at hand.
“No,” Dean and Cas said in unison.
“Hey, Dean?” Cas said, standing from the table. Jack was fussing in his arms. “I’m going to put Jack to bed, he’s getting pretty cranky.”
“Hey, Sam.” His half brother did not look pleased to be in his company. “Michael’s here too, just letting me be the social one.” He gestured to his head.
Claire took the keys out of the ignition and did her best to ignore Jody’s glare as she walked around to the passenger side. Kaia stirred as she opened the door.
His lower back ached. That was a bad sign. Maybe he’d been sitting there for too long.
“Okay, what about the girl, Kaia?”
It was Jack’s first birthday.
“It’s ancient Canaanite,” Cas explained. “They want to know if we brought armies.”
“So, who knows how to use a flamethrower?” she heard Donna ask the other girls.
“Cas?”
His heart dropped to his stomach, and he looked up at the therapist, intending to deflect the topic, but he found his resolve failing. Maybe it would be good to talk about him. At the very least, it wouldn’t kill him.
Cas shook his head weakly. “Lucif–” he coughed.
Fear raced down Dean’s spine. God, it had been forever since John had used that voice with him. “It wasn’t a deal. It was a gift.”
“You’re certain you don’t want Sam to come?” Cas asked Dean.
“Dude,” Sam scolded, well aware of how much of a mother hen Dean must think him to be right now, “you were hallucinating sheep on the road. We need a few hours.” Jack hiccuped and coughed as they entered the room, and Dean set his carrier down on the couch while he examined the cleanliness of the room. “Let’s ward the room, get a bite, get a few hours of sleep, hit the road first thing.”
Mary figured that Dean would not take her newfound motherhood well. It was something that she had denied him, but gave freely to the children she’d taken under her wing in the alternate world.
“You’re not powerful enough, Rowena,” Lucifer chided. Tears streamed down the witch’s face. “You’ll never be powerful enough. No power in the world can ever stop you from being a pathetic weakling.”
Irritation flashed through Dean’s head. He folded his arms. “Oh, okay, well, please, tell me, what’s going on here?”
Jack blinked slowly, succumbing to sleep. Sam leaned back, thankful for the break. Maybe he’d take a nap, too.
Cas excused himself to go get Jack, and Sam put away the last of the snacks and settled at the seat across from Eileen.
“I’m flattered you care for me that much, but I do think it best that we keep it as a backup plan.”
“So you’re saying you want to move on, from Mom,” Sam said slowly.
Sam looked up at Rowena. She was frowning, deep in thought, the book in her hands forgotten.
“Guys, no, it’s not a ghost,” the woman in orange huffed, though she looked uncertain.
“Are you stroking out?” Dean asked. He wouldn’t be surprised if he was; the dude had been locked up with the tablet for five days now. He had offered to take him out for some air, but that man had been working nonstop, as if possessed.
“Nice outfit.”
Dean nodded resolutely. “Well, then we do what we do.” Somehow, Dean’s determination was comforting. “Whatever it takes.” He clapped a hand on Cas’ shoulder and headed out the door.
“Entities don’t just give gifts.”
“Neither do I.” Dean glanced at Sam, who was typing something into his computer. “Sam, you got a case?”
Dean resisted the urge to scoff at her. “What do you think?” he quipped. His hip hurt from falling on the concrete.
“I, uh… I think a street light did flicker.” She nodded resolutely, then frowned. “Maybe.”
“Adopted,” John echoed.
“I’m very old,” Cas said simply. Dean rolled his eyes.
“According to legend,” he read, “this particular gate leads to ‘a place where unimaginable evil emanates from creatures too wicked for the Pit to hold.’”
“Whatever, Mom.”
Upstairs, he heard the kid crying again. He sighed. No drowning in whiskey tonight. Sam had no clue how to take care of kids, but Dean had practically raised Sam himself. Though it pained him, he figured it would be best if Sam took care of the pyre while Dean took care of the kid. He wrapped yellow curtains around Cas’ waist and neck, securing the sheet around him, and made to walk toward the stairs, but something stopped him. He stared at the body on the table, as if he were waiting for Cas to move, to groan and call out for Dean and ask why he was all wrapped up in a sheet, ask where was Jack?
“My program is a range of things,” she interrupted, “talk therapy, meditation. You ever journal?”
“She’s dead.” It was sad news, but at this point, Dean didn’t care. He had a mission, and he intended to complete it.
“Who?” Sam and Cas asked in unison. Oh god. Not another cowboy.
“Lord Lucifer,” Asmodeus greeted in a sarcastic Southern accent.
“I thought I was blind without my glasses, but I was just blind,” Velma bemoaned. “Oh, how could I be so stupid!”
With one final click, he opened the file. He knew that the infant in his arms would not understand anything in the video, but he figured it would be nice if the kid could hear his mom’s voice, even if it was only a recording. The screen filled up with Kelly’s smiling face, and Sam felt a pang of guilt over her death.
“Don’t lose hope, Claire,” Jody said encouragingly. Claire didn’t have the energy to pretend that she didn’t need those words. “We will find that thing.”
Dean shrugged, and placed his hand on the doorknob. “I understand why you did it. I was being a dick.”
“Fully resurrected, thanks to some very lovely spellwork by Samuel,” Rowena interrupted, sweeping into the room. She made for the cabinet next to the fridge, where Dean kept his whiskey, and pulled out a bottle of red wine.
Alex and Patience finished clearing the floors while Jody set the table and microwaved leftovers. They were digging into their meal when Claire came downstairs, her eyes still red and puffy. She offered the ladies at the table a small smile, and slid into the chair next to Alex. She knocked her knee against Claire’s and passed her the tupperware full of mashed potatoes.
After dozens of read-throughs, Sam had the spell memorized. He looked up at Rowena, and nodded.
Though Sam’s morals were admirable, morals were for times of peace. This was a time of war. Cas strode out of the room. They needed the spell, so he’d get the spell.
And Gadreel… Gadreel had left grace in him. Wouldn’t Lucifer have left grace in Sam as well?
“So….” Dean didn’t like to think about what this meant. He was in Death’s library. “Am I dead?”
“She was.” James paused. “At least, I felt like she was. After. I always believed in her powers. I had total faith in them. But….” He took a deep breath. “They were wrong.”
“I might,” Cas conceded. He truly hoped that he wouldn’t. It was unlikely that he, an angel, would fry himself. Donatello, on the other hand….
Eileen was pacing back and forth, dark circles under her eyes. She looked up when Dean entered.
He looked around. The Impala was parked in its usual spot. He couldn’t tell what time it was, nor how long he’d been gone. Had it been months, like last time?
“His soul was gone. He was corrupted. He was a danger to himself, and to you, and to all of humanity.”
Dean ran back to the hole, cursing, and aimed his flashlight down into it. He needed to go after the Sarge. He laid down next to the hole, but the thought of following the ghoul into the ground made his stomach churn. With a groan of exasperation and fear, he pushed himself head first into the hole. He crawled through the tight dirt tunnel, grimacing as roots brushed across his face.
A knock at the door interrupted Dean’s thoughts.
“You have work to do. That’s all you need to know.” Dean didn’t like the sound of that. “And trust me, having my eyes opened to the necessity of any humans, especially Winchesters, is not a thrill.”
“We had a wonderful time,” Cas assured her.
“Gabriel,” Cas said sternly, like a dad. Well, Dean supposed he was a dad.
“When I was a boy and my mother went out on hunts, I got scared. She gave me these.” He held out the crystals. “Lithomantic gems.” He tossed them onto the center of the map. “Divination tools. She taught me how to use them so we could always find each other wherever we were.”
“Dude, how do you find this stuff out?” Rory asked.
“Okay, I need to know. My mom–”
“Didn’t you try to sell Crowley once?”
“So our ghoul ate some Old West gunfighter and stole his face?” he said, as though he couldn’t believe his luck. He handed Sam a shotgun, chuckling to himself.
“Son of a bitch!”
Sam looked like he wanted to argue, but instead swallowed his words and handed Rowena the spellbook with the proper incantation.
“Yeah, a baby that very well may grow into the devil.”
“‘Sfine,” Dean slurred, still not fully awake. Slowly, groggily, he followed Cas to the kitchen, Jack mumbling morning nonsense at them. Dean made his way to the coffeemaker, while Cas went for the milk in the fridge.
Kaia nodded. “In my dreams.” Somehow, she found herself making eye contact with Claire without immediately looking away. Something about her felt… well, trustworthy. “And not just one of them,” she continued, “those things, they travel in packs. They pick up your scent and they don’t stop.”
“There’s iron deposits in the quartz,” Rori mused, sounding impressed. “Very smart, Mariana.”
“What?” she exclaimed.
There was a loud scoff behind Sam, and he whirled around. Rowena was standing there, her scarlet gown intact and clean of blood. She held herself with the poise of a queen.
Before Cas could answer, the door to the bar swung open, accompanied by a crash of thunder. Standing there was a demon wearing a man in a white suit with a large scar down his face. Cas presumed, by Sam and Dean’s previous description, that this was Asmodeus. He was accompanied by a number of other demons.
“Dean, what the hell!” he yelled.
“Gog and Magog, they can’t be part of the spell,” Cas explained.
His heart stopped.
Jack began to whine, reminding Sam of the kid's human half, so he set the book down again and carried him to the kitchen.
“Turns out, he’s the bad guy,” Dean explained to Sam.
“Shut up,” Dean hissed back. He would not take any Scooby slander today.
Claire slammed the door to the motel room, flopped face-first onto the bed, and screamed into the pillow.
In the center of the room was the undertaker, Athena, tied to a chair and gagged. She tried to cry out, but it was muffled by the handkerchief in her mouth.
The other angel did not smile as she approached Cas. “You mean the nephilim?”
“Sure,” he muttered to himself, “come to Dodge City, we’ll have some laughs.” He groaned as he continued to struggle his way through the damp dirt, breathing in dust and musty air.
Meanwhile, Cas was not, in fact, on Earth. Jack had not called him away, though he knew Dean would likely assume that was the case. He stood outside the two-story house by the lake, occupied by John and Mary Winchester. He watched, invisible to the couple inside, as John walked out the back door, his hands resting in his pockets. Dean’s father stood there for a while, staring out over the sparkling lake, happy and at peace. Cas wanted to smite him, but that would only anger Dean, and Dean did not need to suffer any more. But John did.
“Dave Mather,” Dean repeated, “Cowboy, outlaw, one of the Dodge City gang.” He walked over to the wall of photographs and pulled one off the wall, then passed it to Cas. “He was one of the greatest gunfighters ever.” Cas squinted at the photograph, as though committing the face to memory. “I mean,” Dean continued, “he died in 1886, which makes this a little weird, but….” He laughed to himself. “Mysterious Dave Mather. I’m gonna put my boots back on.” He turned and walked back through the saloon doors.
“Me too,” Gabriel said, following the witch.
“Right,” Sam sighed, handing a piece of cereal to Jack. He babbled incoherently, and shoved it into his mouth. He thought for a moment, then grabbed his laptop from the coffee table. Dean reemerged while Sam was tapping away, no longer in his suit and cowboy accessories, and stalked across the room to grab a beer from the fridge.
“I–” Dean was taken aback by the harshness in Cas’ voice, and how he had claimed to have saved him specifically. Had he really been that hard on him? He knew he could be an asshole, but he thought they’d put that behind them. Maybe he should apologize later, when he could think it through and find the words. “N-no, that’s not… Billie was the first reaper to die since I took out Death. Or, rather, the previous Death.” Cas gave him a blank look. “Billie is now Death. The Death.”
“My brother and I, we hunt them,” Sam explained, “along with werewolves and vampires and demons and…” he paused. “We’ve saved the world. A lot.”
He had just finished loading the groceries into the backseat when Dean heard a footstep behind him. In a flash, he spun around, gun at the ready.
“You shouldn’t insult your brother, Dean.”
Love. Love. Love.
Suddenly, the ground rumbled. Bobby cursed, reminding Mary that he was still here.
“Hm, you wouldn’t, would you. You never have any fun.”
“Jerk.”
“Amanda Palmer?”
Dean wet his lips, too distracted by the idea of Dodge City to process the insult, then stood and began to make his way down the hall, towards the weapons room. Before he left the room, he turned and smiled at Sam and Cas. “Two salty hunters, one half-angel baby, and one dude who just came back from the dead. Again. Team Free Will 2.0!” He clapped his hands together. “Here we go!”
“It’s good to have you back, man,” Sam said, clapping a hand on his shoulder, “but how…?”
“I’m staying with you, Dean. Mary can take Jack.” As if to prove his point, he transferred Jack to Mary’s arms.
“Hey boys,” Claire greeted, smirking. She’d always wanted to say that, like she was better than them. In this instance, she certainly was.
Dean frowned. “In preparation for what?”
“Order for Sarah!” called the server from behind the counter. Sarah turned away and grabbed three drinks.
“What?” The last comment caught Sam off guard. He’d always kind of liked Fred.
“Jack is going to be fine,” the doctor said. Sam fell back into the chair, and heard Dean sigh in relief beside him.
“Hey, it’s not like you knew. But hey, I haven’t had a chance to catch up with the world above. I could use a nice conversation, even with Cas- “stick-up-his-ass” -tiel. Last I heard, the Apocalypse had been narrowly averted. What’s happened since?”
“I don’t know,” Cas mumbled. All he knew was that he had to get out of here. Back to Dean, and Sam, and Kelly. How long had he been gone? Had Lucifer killed the Winchesters? Had Jack been born? Was he good, or had he gone dark side as Dean had so vehemently warned him?
“Olivia, but I go by Ollie.”
Somehow, that seemed to put their father in his place, but Sam noticed that he glanced warily at Jack before moving on. He fixed his attention to the people sitting around the table. “Who are you?”
“We should get some coffee and then hit the road,” Sam said.
“Anyway,” Rowena continued, “what’s by is by, and who knows? If I help you, maybe you’ll change your minds about helping me.”
“I want you to bring Cas back.” The words were out of his mouth before he could even consider anything else.
The angel smiled. “A few more days, at least.”
[I lasted longer than you,] Eileen signed. “I manage,” she said aloud.
“Claire, she never stopped.” How could she not realize that?
“How did he–”
Claire looked away.
He ignored the Winchesters calling after him as he slammed the dungeon door behind him and slid the bolt closed. Donatello watched him with disinterest as he approached.
Rowena grinned, almost maniacally. “We’re not burning it, Samuel. We’re resurrecting her.”
“Why are you here?” Naomi asked again.
“Sounds good,” Sam agreed immediately, handing Jack off to Cas and then leaving the kitchen. Eileen followed him, stopping by the sink to drop off her dirty plate. Cas continued to feed Jack off of Sam’s plate.
“Yes,” said Sam.
Cas frowned. “What?”
Mary’s eyes widened. “You’re not… you’re not here for….”
Cas huffed and fought the urge to roll his eyes. “It is.”
“Oh, begging for hunters?” the man taunted, “That’s not my girl.”
“Yes, we can. Cas said he’s weak, we can set this on the back burner. Right now, we need to make sure we don’t lose Cas again, and we need to get Mom back.”
The Empty laughed. “You? You’re that eager to die again, gnat?”
“Right,” she said, hoping to deflect the whole situation with sarcasm, “and the kid there is the son of Satan.”
Right. She had started after Claire left.
“That sound closer to you?” Dean asked nervously.
“It’ll be fine, don’t worry. You’re just around the corner, we’ll holler if something goes wrong. Not like we can leave Jack alone in the car.” He looked over at Sam. He ignored the flash of guilt that passed over his face, and grabbed his shotgun and made his way toward the bank.
“The price was my life. When I experienced a moment of true happiness, The Empty would be summoned, and it would take me forever.”
One ingredient down. Three more to go.
Dean didn’t want to talk. He unplugged his headphones and transferred the tape he was listening to the boombox next to his bed. Led Zepplin wafted through the room.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Okay, so when Lucifer stabbed me, it may or may not have actually killed me. I tricked him. Duh.”
“Oh,” the receptionist replied, “I’m sorry, you caught us at the end of our day. Maybe tomorrow.”
Jody walked toward her.
“You wanna dwell on the past? I don’t.” Lucifer leaned forward. “I’m not myself anyway. What am I gonna do? Okay?” Cas supposed he had a point. “Look, it’s time to save the world. Be the heroic Castiel instead of the butt of Heaven’s joke.”
“Go.”
Sarah smiled at them. “You’re my last visitors, I was just about to come and let you know that I’m closing up.”
Dr. Vallens hummed softly. “And Cas was your brother?”
Now, his father was sitting in the passenger seat, glancing between the road and Dean. It made his skin itch, like he’d done something wrong.
Sam opened his mouth to speak, but the sound of crying coming from the monitor interrupted him.
“Mom’s not–”
Her head snapped up. “Nothing. It isn’t real.”
“You hunt ghosts?” asked the blonde girl at the table, presumably Mariana. Her eyes were wide with residual fear of whatever it was she had seen.
I have to go on hiatus until May so I can focus on finals. After that is summer break for me, though, so I'll be able to write much more! If things go according to plan, I'll be rewriting the show's ending.
“I’m on dad duty, Sam, you said so yourself."
Ever so gently, he laid Jack in his crib, then crept out of the door.
“Oh yes, yes,” the thing chuckled, fussing with the trench coat, “well, I show up in my real form, and you’d freak out, rip out your own eyes, et cetera, and that would be embarrassing, wouldn’t it, for both of us?”
“You’re still gonna feel helpless. What Lucifer did to you–”
“Dean, go!” Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the flashing of the portal as the refugees made their escape. He grappled with the weakened Michael, to keep him distracted more than anything. Soon, the flashing of the portal stopped. Cas looked up to make sure that they had all made it to safety.
“No, it’s just been us.” He watched as the nurse took Jack’s temperature with a thermometer gun and frowned deeply.
“I did,” Cas agreed, “I thought it was very sweet that you brought me up to carve my own name into the Lebanon sign.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The child… it seemed human. It was an infant. Dean tried to think rationally– this was a monster, the child of Lucifer, an abomination– but he just couldn’t.
“That’s the Mystery Machine!” Dean cried out in triumph. Sure enough, the nostalgic hippie van from their childhood was parked in the spot next to theirs. “We’re not just in any cartoon.”
“Raised by the Winchesters?” Rowena laughed. “The poor bairn is lucky to have survived this long.”
There came a squelching sound from the far wall. Dean whirled around. Black liquid was pouring out of the wall. The door banged open, and Chuck burst in, power radiating off of him.
Dean made his way into the library, feeling heavy but refreshed. Who knew that sobbing your eyes out to sad music could leave a person feeling so purged clean?
Sam looked up at the archangel. “Excuse me?”
She clutched at her stomach, where the wound from the spear was mostly healed. The wound from the spear meant for Claire. Maybe one day she would be able to show it to her. She could only hope. She imagined the beautiful blonde-haired girl running her fingers gently over the scars, ones she had earned fighting instead of running.
“Her. She told me to bring it to the market. I have to bring it to her.” Dean took the book and walked swiftly out of the library and back down toward the garage.
He was cut off as Lucifer leapt forward and sliced into Cas’ side with his angel blade. Cas grunted in pain as he leapt backward, just a moment in time to avoid being impaled by the Devil again.
“What kind of a weirdo sets all this up?” Sam asked incredulously, “I mean, spend the night in a haunted house for a million dollars? That can’t be legal.”
“I don’t get it,” Sam said, letting the lid fall closed, “I mean, a ghost that won’t show up on EMF? Doesn’t make any sense.”
Dean frowned. “Okay, first of all, when did you hide that in there? And second, what the hell kind of spell was it?”
Also, RIP Donatello. Sorry dude.
“There,” Cas gasped. He groaned as Gabriel quickened his pace, half-dragging him across the dead leaves. He felt his head begin to go fuzzy. Suddenly, Gabriel stopped in front of the door and pounded on it. Cas’ head throbbed harder and more painfully every time Gabriel’s fist connected with the metal.
“Maybe.”
Fear melted into shock. “What?”
Castiel scoffed, and circled around Cas, sizing him up. “So the Righteous Man, the Michael Sword, came to be in your world.”
“Dean, I can help–”
“With Mom.”
Dean exhaled noisily. “Well, this seems very important, but uh, I’ve got some urgent news.”
Sam flared his nostrils in irritation, shutting his eyes tight against the bright lights of the bunker. “Yeah, well, I’ve been a little busy, Dean. Sorry.” He most certainly was not sorry.
Kaia, dead.
“Hey, little guy,” he cooed, pulling a clean diaper from the box on the floor next to the desk, “I know you don’t remember him, but that’s Cas. Castiel. He’s an angel. Yeah, he watched over your mom while she carried you in her tummy.” Jack made a gurgling noise at this. “Yeah, you used to be in your mom’s tummy. Her name was Kelly. She loves you very much. So does Cas.” He wondered where Cas was– he figured angels wouldn’t go to Heaven in the afterlife, since that’s where they were in life. Maybe angels didn’t have an afterlife.
Claire nodded, then remembered she was talking on the phone and Jody couldn’t see her. “Okay.”
He pushed his worries away. No matter what, Dean would be glad to have him back. Right? Jack certainly would.
“And so the spell to open this rift is in the angel tablet?” Donatello asked cautiously as he approached the map table.
“I know I have, but don’t say that.” Dean’s voice shook ever so slightly. “I need you to keep the faith. For both of us. Because right now, I…” he trailed off into silence. “Right now, I don’t believe in a damn thing.”
“I’m going to miss a few days of school. No big deal.” It was a big deal, though; her grades were dropping, and she couldn’t focus anymore, and her visions were getting more frequent. She zipped up her bag, and tried to brush past her dad, but he grabbed her arm.
Sam sat back down in the passenger seat of the Impala, ignoring the irritated expression on Dean’s face as he bounced Jack on his knee. He figured they shouldn’t bring the baby onto this crime scene with them, since this one was crawling with cops.
Sam bounced the baby faster as he began to cry again. He knew nothing about kids, he’d never been great at talking to kids on cases, and this one couldn’t even talk. He had no idea what was going on in that tiny little head, no idea what it wanted.
“Jesus, Dean, did an angel try to smite breakfast?” Sam teased.
Dean froze. “Uh, no, I am not strapping a baby to my chest while I question a witness.”
Dean didn’t want to think about what was going on over in Apocalypse World. He patted Cas’ hand and stood.
“So,” Claire said loudly, “Sam and Dean– what do we know?” She walked past Jody and sat at the table.
The boy with the demon blood, the man with Satan’s grace… Sam wanted to laugh at it all.
Cas was unsure of how to respond to the commentary, and so just took the kid’s hand. “Uh, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Claire nodded. “So you fight them.”
“Yeah, because you convinced Death to get my soul back from the cage, but Amara ate Donatello’s soul.” Cas didn’t even want to ask how that event came to pass. “There’s nothing to get back. It’s gone.”
Dean led the way into the bunker, calling out to Sam as he entered.
Sam grimaced. He had known this would happen. “Gabriel, please, it’s our mo–”
“I’m saying….” Dean didn’t seem to want to say it aloud either. “Eat up.”
Cas looked up at Dean, almost fearfully. “What?”
Donatello grumbled incoherently, but leaned back down into his work.
With the phantom gone, Cas dropped the man and the talking dog to the floor. This had to be the most absurd case that the Winchesters had dragged him into.
“Okay. I love you,” Jody said over the phone.
She took it in hers. “Yes.”
He couldn’t be dead. He shouldn’t be. He deserved better. He deserved to meet this kid that he fought for, he deserved to come back to the bunker with him and Sam, so that they could be a family again. Dean didn’t care that Cas had left them, betrayed them, run away from them, he just wanted him back.
“My hero,” Dean shot back sarcastically.
Suddenly, she saw them. The Winchesters had been tied to a pair of smaller trees near a large skull that Claire did not want to meet the living version of. They writhed and struggled against their restraints. Claire dropped Kaia’s hand and pulled out her knife. She cut the restraints from Dean’s wrists, and he grunted in surprise. Kaia ran to Sam’s aid.
Cas parried and stepped out of the way. “Heaven is corrupt. Dean Winchester helped me to see that.”
It was Castiel.
“Well, there’s someone else here who you might want to see.”
“Jody, I know you’re trying to protect me, but I need to save Sam and Dean, and you have to let me.”
“Who’s the other guy holding him?” the green haired boy asked.
Donatello’s eyes were wide with shock. “Uh, housekeeping is not gonna like this.”
“Right, right.” Dean shifted in his chair so that he could face Cas. “Um….” He thought back to that night. How his mom had been pulled through the portal with Lucifer, how he’d carried Cas’ body into the house and wrapped it in yellow curtains.
“These yellow-eyed things just keep on comin’, huh?”
“Sam!” she sighed, rushing over to her son. Sam took Jack, and gave her a quick one-armed hug.
She needed something to kill.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, taking the bag from him. “Do you need help carrying this to the kitchen?”
“Right, okay,” Sam muttered, setting Jack down on the bed. He began to whimper, but Sam blocked him out, instead focusing on packing up the bottles of formula and diapers and spitrags.
The archangel scowled. “I spent a very fun near-decade hopping casinos before he got to me, I’ll have you know.”
Claire stalked down the hallway and stopped by the window of the closest room. She looked inside to see the girl, Kaia, being tended to by a nurse. To her surprise, she was clutching a baby to her chest. Odd. Jody hadn’t mentioned a baby.
The Sarge’s eyes flicked over Dean’s shoulder. “A little bit.”
“You’re a…” Dr. Vallens said shakily, tears streaming down her face.
Sam fumbled through the bag, hands trembling until he found what he was looking for. He turned to Lucifer.
Oh, god. Was that what they wanted her to do?
“Hiya,” he replied, still spinning the blade in his hand.
Dean spat out a bone. “Yeah, if there is a door.”
He stopped, taking in his surroundings, looking for movement. All of a sudden, he turned to see a pair of headlights coming at him, and he lept to the side before the van could run him over. The tires screeched as the van raced out of the parking lot, leaving Dean panting on the asphalt. He jogged back inside to see Jody and Patience still sitting in the hallway.
“Hey, Jack, it’s okay, we’ve got you,” Dean said softly, “I’m so sorry, buddy, that was scary. Yeah, that was scary.” Sam stood and followed Dean back to the Impala. Jack gradually stopped crying as Dean rocked him and hummed some classic rock tune– was that Metallica?– and fell asleep when they strapped him into his car seat and drove away, Donatello in the empty seat beside him.
“No!” Dr. Vallens cried, “Don’t hurt them!”
Well, he’d certainly done plenty wrong. Dean thought back to the last order John had given him before he’d died. Not killing Sam was the least of Dean’s wrongdoings, for sure. Hell, he’d been a demon for a hot second there.
“I don’t know. School’s in an hour, so I guess calculus.” Dean smiled a bit at that. She reminded him of Sam.
Cas watched as Dean approached Donatello and removed the ball gag from his mouth. Donatello began to laugh maniacally.
He turned back to Dean, a hard look on his face. “An eternity in Heaven’s prison should do her some good,” he said, his face unreadable.
Donatello gasped softly. “A child of a human and an angel.”
“Yeah, we’re hoping to see the doctor,” Sam replied. Dean suppressed the urge to add ‘obviously’ at the end of the sentence.
They spent the twenty minute drive to the bunker in comfortable silence. Dean glanced over at his friend in the passenger’s seat periodically, to remind himself that he was here, he was real. A few times he found Cas staring back at him, but mostly he just gazed out the window as the scenery went by.
Kaia looked up, and their eyes met. She felt a shock go down her spine. The mug shots didn’t do Kaia justice; yes, she had the shoulder-length dark hair and the brown eyes, but the photos didn’t capture the wise, knowing, almost otherworldly look in her eyes.
Claire bit her lip. “Do you want me to make you some real food?”
That couldn’t be right. “He didn’t call me,” Dean said.
“She said–”
The Gang just blinked at them. Making an honest to god ‘tink’ sound.
i hope my readers enjoyed the switch in POVs to the various wayward girls, now back to our regularly scheduled programming of team free will...
Dean sighed heavily. Voicemail again. What the hell was Cas doing that he couldn’t come home for two and a half weeks straight? Anger bubbled through him.
“Happy trails, cowboy,” he quipped to the slowly bleeding corpse on the floor.
An idea struck Dean. “Maybe Jack?”
“Whatever. Sam, you’re staying with Jack.”
Amara hummed. “Yes. I offer you life.”
“Hey yo! Darth Dickwad!” he yelled, trying to sound more threatening than he really was, seeing as he was tied up.
“Release me.” The Empty just glared. He stepped closer, so that they were chest to chest, and repeated himself. “Release me.”
Cas smiled. “My name is Castiel.”
Jack stared at him from across his oasis of Hot Wheels. He sucked thoughtfully at his pacifier, then crawled over to his crib. Dean watched as he very unsteadily pulled himself to his feet, reached between the wooden slats, and pulled out a plush dog that Dean had picked up from the corner store the other day. He sat himself back down on the floor, then crawled over to Dean, pulling himself into his lap.
“Uh, he, uh,” Sam stuttered, trying to save manners. Like that mattered. “We just need a moment of her time.”
Dean scoffed. “And what would that be?”
“Because when I told that story at a camp this summer, I described the little girl as having bright red hair and a blue striped dress. And the girl I saw looked exactly like her.”
“Uh, all of us,” Dean said, finally.
“The one thing I want, Dean. Are you saying it’s something I can’t have?”
Sam sighed, and closed the laptop. “No, nothing. Things are quiet, at least at the moment. Quiet enough that I think I’m gonna turn in for the night.” He stood from the table and nodded to Cas. “Good to have you back, man.” Cas nodded to him in return before he left the room, baby monitor in hand. Dean could have sworn it was his turn with the monitor tonight, but he wasn't going to complain if his brother wanted to be woken up at four in the morning.
“I don’t know, Dean. It’s worth a shot.”
“Witch-killing bullets,” he shot back.
“Mom’s dead, Sam. Lucifer ripped out her friggin’ heart. Now the sooner you can wrap your head around that, the sooner we can both move on.” He wished he’d used less harsh words, but really, how could he say it any different? It was the way it was.
“No!” she cried, raising her hands to shield herself, “No, no.” They stared at her expectantly, keeping their guns trained on her chest. “I am what you say,” she said calmly, eyes wide with fear, “but I have never killed anyone.”
“Not yet. We’re trying to get my mom back from an alternate universe. Long story, and I’ll explain it all when you get to the bunker– the bunker, which is the safest possible place for you to hide from Lucifer until we can kill him.”
“You can wait in here if you’d like,” she offered, standing aside from the door. Sam brushed past her, too worried about Jack to bother with any sort of manners.
Dean couldn’t help but roll his eyes. Pretentious bastard.
John grunted in response.
Rowena smiled bitterly. “Samuel, I don’t think you understand.” She inhaled deeply. “I would not survive the spell needed to kill Lucifer.”
“So I guess this is your first mystery,” she said mockingly, “so if you could keep those giant linebacker shoulders from knocking over any clues, that would be great.”
She wanted to turn around, go back to the safety of her home, back to her father. But she couldn’t. She just couldn’t. She clenched her jaw, and walked the rest of the way to her car, making certain she didn’t look back. She couldn’t bear to see the disappointment and betrayal on her father’s face.
“Still kickin’,” the Sarge huffed, sitting up. He groaned. “Just barely. That sumbitch dragged me down here, tossed me around like I was a damn rag doll.”
“No, Gloria was on the phone with roadside assistance when she died. Operator said she was talking to someone named Scotty.”
“You okay?” he asked.
“She didn’t get in my head.”
The apocalyptic Castiel snarled and made to charge at Cas, but before he could, there was the sound of a loud gunshot. Castiel jerked backwards, a bullet hole torn through the chest of his trench coat. The hesitation was enough that Cas could find an opening in his other self’s defense, and he stabbed his counterpart in the heart. He watched the eyes flare out, then dropped his corpse to the ground.
“Okay, okay,” Sam sputtered as they tucked their guns into their waistbands, “So– so who’s got Jack? And who– or what– did I give him to? A shifter?”
“That’s my mom,” Dean said, voice cracking. “Where is she? Is she safe?”
Somehow, she knew that the glowing figures she’d seen were angels. And somehow, she knew that Dean needed to find the girl that they were holding captive.
Sam looked up as Dean walked into the room, set down the six pack, and made a beeline for the drawers full of cursed objects and dark spellbooks. He stood, holding a large tome wrapped in white cloth, and set it on the table before removing the cloth.
John cleared his throat. “How many of you have been resurrected from the dead?”
He meant what he’d said to Cas. One of his biggest regrets was making Cas leave the bunker when Gadreel told him to.
“Dean, I–”
“Asmodeus had my phone.” Cas’ eyes were closed, but Dean could tell that he wasn’t going to fall asleep anytime soon, not with that gash in his side.
Rowena grinned, as if she knew something they didn’t.
“No, it’s not easy,” Dean shot back.
No, Cas’.
“I might,” Donatello replied testily. “But like I told Sam and Dean, you’re wasting your time.”
And make it better.
Dean huffed. “Right. Well. Breakfast is ready, if you’re hungry. Think about trying anything funny around Jack and you’ll be dead before you’ve finished the thought.”
Cas frowned. “I don’t like the sound of that.”
Jack groaned softly, and rolled over so he could grab his favorite stuffed dog. Cas crept out of the room, turning off the light as he went. He sighed when he reached the hallway. Was he really ready to go out and fight some ancient possibly-not-all-that-human warriors? His wound was healed, but his grace was not fully recharged. Still, they needed the hearts.
“No!” Dean cried as the girl flung Cas backward onto the boulder-strewn ground. He grunted in pain, but thankfully did not hit his head. Dean swung again, but she flickered away again.
“In their defense,” Cas shot back, “they were doing their best to raise him in a caring environment.”
“What do you want?”
A dark figure was reaching for the door handles, lightning and thunder crashing behind it. Sam and Dean rushed to either side of the entrance, ready to take down whatever it was. The figure opened the door and stepped inside.
He frowned. Sam and Eileen weren’t due back for another two days, and besides, Sam had a key. Mary sometimes dropped by without notice, but never as late as– Dean glanced at the clock on the stove– 3:07.
Sam thought for a moment before answering. “I guess I don’t deal with it. Not really. I mean, I… I pushed it down and the world kept almost ending, so I keep pushing it down, and… I don’t know, I… I don’t really talk about it, not even with Dean.” He found it was good to talk about it with Rowena, though. Someone who understood. “I mean, I could. You know, he’d… he’d listen, but… that’s not something I really know how to share.”
Mary returned after a few minutes with the gaggle of ten children trailing after her. A few of them were wearing the shirts and sweaters Dean had bought earlier that day.
He couldn’t bring up Jack in the hunting lifestyle. Some things were unavoidable; he’d always know about the existence of ghosts and monsters and demons and angels. But if Dean could keep him away from the violence of it, at least for longer than he and Sammy….
, smart guy?”
Slowly, although he couldn’t explain to himself why he hesitated, he clicked on his lighter, watching the flame for a moment. He threw the lighter onto the gasoline-soaked wood. The flames whooshed as they quickly spread over the logs, enveloping Cas and Kelly. Thick black smoke curled into the sky as the sun rose over the lake. He wondered how the sun could possibly rise on a day like this.
“I never found an answer because the one thing I want... It's something I know I can't have.”
“Sorry to break up the loving reunion, but I do have some rather important information to share.” She turned toward Eileen so that she could read her lips. “Lucifer is back in Hell. I’d rather he didn’t stay down there too long, cause too much trouble. I’m afraid, Samuel, that we need to act now.”
“That’s why I met with Lucifer,” Cas explained, his voice raspy and weak.
Jody stared at the rip. No, she wouldn’t go back. She wouldn’t let Claire put herself in danger. “I’m going in.”
“The child was not a nephilim.” The face of Cas’ other self was expressionless. “Ishim ordered us to kill the child out of jealousy, because he was in love with Lily Sunder.”
Sam shrugged. Sounded about right to him.
Cas managed to keep his composure as his blood boiled. How dare this man insult Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man, like this?
“Sam!” Eileen yelled. Dean lifted his head slightly at that. Sam was back?
“What, you don’t recognize me when I’m not wearing your pretty face, gnat?”
James could only hang his head in remorse.
“Why do you have all this?” Patience asked shakily. Poor girl was still new to the monster-hunting world.
The demon stopped in front of Cas’ cell. “Don’t think we forgot about you,” they teased. Cas glared at them. “When the boss gets back, big plans for you.”
“How the hell are you alive?” he heard Sam exclaim.
“Yours?”
Sam glanced at the papers on the door before entering. Kaia Nieves. Age nineteen. Admitted for an overdose and sleep deprivation.
“Castiel, you are looking at them.” She gestured to the stars, dotting the sky in gentle sweeping patterns. “They were not meant to rot in the void. They were meant to return to the universe.”
She huffed, set down the pot of soup and the ladle between one of her girls and the daughter of one of the patrolmen, and followed Bobby.
Dean started the movie, some story about pirates. The music felt inspiring, and Cas found that he liked the drunk pirate. He even made him laugh a bit, though that wasn’t such a good thing with his stitches. And the romance story was rather beautiful.
“Ever since I was a little girl,” Dean quipped.
More and more of the creatures poured out of the hallway and fell to gunfire. One ran at her and Alex, and Patience fired the shotgun. It kicked hard into her hip, sending her stumbling backward. Alex took over, firing her handgun repeatedly until the thing fell.
“Is there a problem, Dean Winchester?”
“I was afraid you might say that,” Rowena replied, turning away. She dropped a large hex bag on the ground, yelled “Manete!” and clicked away across the pavement. Sam’s feet would not move. It appeared that neither would Dean’s.
Dean carried Jack out of the Mills’ wrecked house. The kid had (begrudgingly) returned Grumpy Cat to its rightful owner, and was now chewing on the lapel of Dean’s jacket.
“No, Claire, wait!”
Sam groaned, and sat up. He looked around, freezing when his eyes met Eileen’s. He lunged forward and wrapped his arms around her, drinking in the scent of the shampoo in her hair. She pressed her lips to the skin just above his shirt collar. He pulled back to sign to her.
“Was that Dean on the phone?” Cas asked.
“Thanks,” she whispered hoarsely.
As if some unspoken prayer had been answered, there came a crackling noise from above Kaia’s shrine, where Claire was kneeling. Not daring to believe her ears alone, Claire looked up. Her hopes were confirmed. There above her was a sparking, glowing portal, exactly like the one she had lost Kaia to. Without a thought or plan, Claire reached out to touch the portal.
Lucifer scoffed, and Cas heard him pacing in his cell. The guard demon stalked toward his cell again, and Cas backed away to sit on his bench again.
Sam pursed his lips. Maybe they should just sit there quietly, but he was certain if there was another long, awkward silence, Rowena would do something to wake Jack, or worse, to speed up their operation. And besides, he needed to make it clear to her that she was not getting that book. “Rowena… even if you pull off whatever plan you’re trying to pull off, even if we manage to get the book back–”
But she couldn’t hold her focus. The Bad Place came back, trees and mist and monsters.
“We should look for evidence!” Velma said, “Like fingerprints or fluids!”
Gone, he mouthed.
“He was my best friend,” he said softly. “He was the best friend I’ve ever had, and… we had been fighting, before he….” He swallowed thickly. “I never got the chance to apologize. To tell him I was wrong. And he never got the chance to meet his kid.” Shit, there went the floodgates. He watched Jack finish the bottle, not wanting to look Dr. Vallens in the eye.
“We’ll explain better in the morning how they got here. The older refugees are at Bobby Singer’s property, fixing it up to be habitable. We decided it would be best to keep the kids here while there’s construction going on. I’m taking care of both their kids and mine.”
“Chuck,” Dean spat.
“What are you doing?” Sam asked.
His knees gave out when he reached Cas’ corpse. He was gone. He was dead. And for what? For a child he never got to meet.
Sam grinned back. “Do you want to get some food?”
Rowena smirked. “I told you, Samuel, the Grand Coven dampened my powers. Thanks to you, I am now at my full strength.”
“Son of a bitch,” Sam muttered. He scooped Jack up into his arms.
Dean sat next to him at the table and frowned at the photograph on the screen. “Who’s driving?” he asked, and tapped at some keys before getting an answer. Jack watched with rapt attention, drooling all over his crumb-crusted fingers.
“Lucifer,” Sam said, his voice shaking. “Put him down.”
“Well– I– he– he didn’t mean to!” Sam sputtered.
“Hello, boys,” Rowena drawled in her Scottish accent.
“I only need to see you dead once,” Dean replied, grinning.
“I’m gone for just a few months, and you’ve already got another powerful enemy. Why I even bother….”
“103,” she said, and pressed a button on the wall. “Thank you, but I’m going to need you to wait outside.” She ushered Sam and Cas out of the room as a doctor in a white coat walked quickly into the room.
Now it was Dean’s turn to pause. “I’m guessing if I ask who, you’re also going to just tell me that I’ll see.”
“I… I’m outside a church, in Lebanon. The methodist church.”
“Then you’d’ve been the stupid ones.” The angel smiled, almost a grimace. “Besides, I’m fine.”
Don’t make it bad.
“Good point.”
The loincloth-clad man rushed at Dean, but his size was a disadvantage. Dean slipped beneath his arm, grabbed a hold of his wrist to hinder his sword usage, and used the broken hilt of his angel blade to deliver blows to his foe’s elbow and face. He dropped the sword, but Dean continued to attack, hitting him in the kidney as he maneuvered behind him, then kicking out his knees so that he was on the ground. He wrapped his arms around the man’s neck to choke him out.
Dean elbowed him in the gut before he could continue.
A cloaked figure darting through large tree trunks.
She heard Jody yell for Alex and Patience to get their asses downstairs before her mother figure was on top of them, taking some of Kaia’s weight off of Claire’s shoulders and helping carry her into the house. They set her down on the couch, and Claire went into the kitchen, filling a glass with water and grabbing a granola bar out of the snack cabinet. Kaia gulped down the water quickly, gasping for air when she was finished. Then she burst into tears. Claire dropped down onto the couch beside her and wrapped her arm around the girl’s bony shoulders. She watched silently as Jody herded Alex and Patience back out of the living room.
“Dean? What just….”
“All right, Jack,” Cas murmured, “what would you like me to sing?”
To Sam’s surprise, he hadn’t forgotten much sign language. He and Eileen sat across from each other at the library table, signing back and forth as Sam told her about everything she’d missed. But his heart ached. They both knew that he’d need to send her away soon. She couldn’t stay.
“You did always think you were too good for me,” the man said, advancing on Dr. Vallens, “even though I gave you everything.”
It had been a long week.
If only Kaia could wear hers with such pride.
“Rowena!” Sam yelled, trying to maintain his balance so he wouldn’t drop Jack. He tried to lean down and grab the hex bag, but it was out of reach. They were well and truly stuck.
The Empty shook its head, baring its teeth in an entirely inhuman way. “No.”
“Dean,” Sam said, “how the hell are we going to get out of this?”
Castiel chuckled wryly. “Aren’t we all.”
“We make a run for the truck, we’re dead,” Donna whispered.
“But how?” Velma asked, coming back down to Earth, so to speak. “We don’t know the first thing about fighting real ghosts. We don’t have the proper tools or weapons.”
They were fucking cartoon characters.
“Dean Winchester,” said Michael. “My sword.”
Mary spoke up in an attempt to clear the awkward silence. “Well, anyway, I hope he’s got someone who makes him happy.”
James looked down, shock and shame written on his face.
“I told you, I don’t–” She sighed. Sam waited for her to speak again. “Before he crushed my skull, Lucifer showed me his face. His true face.”
“And Donatello’s already corrupted,” Cas added. Though he hated to suggest it, he felt he had to. “Perhaps the kindest thing to do would be to end his suffering.”
“Long story.”
“Throwing a freaking temper tantrum!” Dean froze, staring at something behind Sam. He watched as the frustration on his brother’s face boiled over into rage. “Oh, you did not!”
Well, at least she wasn’t trying to move forward with the suicide plan immediately. That was certainly refreshing after working alongside Dean for so long.
“You okay there, bro?” Gabriel asked Lucifer.
“Claire, you can’t just run away from this,” Jody said sternly.
“You… used to be an angel?” John asked slowly. He gave Cas a suspicious look.
Dean grabbed a box of raspberries out of the fridge, and set a few in front of Jack. He picked one up in his pudgy little hand and angrily threw it to the floor. “Da!”
“Yes.”
Suddenly, a pale orange rock sailed through the girl’s head. She shrieked one last time as she vanished into a flurry of sparks.
“That thing is huge,” Dean said, unable to remove his gaze from the huge teeth. Those jaws probably could have crushed his skull in one bite.
As if on cue, raised voices floated in through the hallway.
Sam didn’t like the idea of that, but he knew it was the most reasonable course of action. “I think you may be right.” He cleared his throat. “Take my car. Dean will be here soon, I won’t need it.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah,” he breathed, “but we need to take his things from the house.”
“What kinds of stories?” Cas asked.
“He feeds on psychics?” Jody asked incredulously.
“Dean, language!” Cas hollered.
“He’s a baby, Sam, of course he didn’t mean to!” Dean sighed. “I guess we have an idea of how powerful he is, though. And he’s only going to get more powerful.”
Sam sighed. “Gabriel, Asmo–”
Mary ran.
Cas frowned. “Yes, but the doors are hidden from souls. Angels know where they are, though.” He froze. “Why?”
“You really care about the kid, don’t you?” Dr. Vallens said softly.
It was probably only seconds that Sam waited for Lucifer to appear, but it felt like hours. His heart pounded in his ears. Rowena sat upon the throne, a stony expression set in her face.
“It killed him,” Dean said quietly.
“Hopefully he doesn’t get taken out by a rusty nail,” John quipped. Cas’ head snapped up, and John flinched, although Dean didn’t seem to notice as he examined the label on his beer.
Cas frowned. “What did you do with the Cartwright twins?”
Cas shrugged. “Sounds like it was about the same time that we went to the apocalyptic world, so I imagine it was an overstretch of Rowena’s spell. Based on the origins of her spellwork, if Claire was praying for that exact thing to happen at that exact moment, and the witch were powerful enough, it would appear before her.”
Claire tossed and turned. She couldn’t sleep. She had so much on her mind that she needed to get out. She sat up and pulled her hunting journal from the bag sitting next to her on the floor. She began to write.
“So,” Jody began, “how are you, really?”
The Light laughed. “I guess you’re right. I have a proposition for you.”
“I hope not, my knees are too old for alpine hikes,” Dean quipped. Cas rolled his eyes at him.
“The usual,” Donatello grumbled, “Bewildered.”
Cas shivered again, Dean grabbed the blanket folded at the end of the mattress and laid it gently over the angel. He groaned as the rough material caught on the bandage.
I see the dust clouds disappear without a trace
Sam pressed his lips together, but didn’t press him about it further. “What did she want?”
Lucifer scoffed. “You little bitch.” Tendrils of grace, dark and almost smokey, swirled around his feet. His vessel’s face began to morph horrifically.
Dean grimaced. “Called in a favor from a witch and an archangel.” When Mary’s face morphed from concern to confusion, Dean frowned. “We had to get you back, Mom.”
Dean nearly dropped the plate he was scrubbing. “What? How?”
“Seriously?” Patience refused to take her eyes off of Kaia as she heard the squelching sounds of Alex messing with the corpse. Besides, it kind of sounded like dreamwalking wasn’t too dissimilar to being psychic.
“Well, I said I needed a big win,” Dean replied, shrugging. “We got Cas back.” He smiled. “That’s a pretty damn big win.”
“You killed him.”
Dean looked up at him. His eyes were bloodshot. “I need to bring it to her.”
He ignored it. Again. He wasn’t sure how long it had been making noises.
A commotion at the end of the hallway caught Sam’s attention. He pressed his back against the wall as a group of doctors and nurses pushing a gurney carrying a writhing, screaming girl past them. She was bleeding from her arms.
In a blink, Chuck was gone.
The ride to Lebanon was tense and horrible. Jack continued to cry until his voice gave out, at which point he gasped and coughed repeatedly. The sound of him choking on his tears was worse than the crying. Sam pressed his foot into the accelerator, going well over the speed limit, regretting the decision to take him back to Lebanon but not daring to stop anywhere along the way.
“I taught them how to protect themselves!”
Castiel closed his eyes, a look of pain crossing his face. “Something like it.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Listen, man, back at, uh, Mia’s… I was out of line.” Sam looked up from the book he was reading. “I’m sorry for being, uh… a dick lately.”
I can't guarantee that I'm going to pick this up again, but I will try. I have another big project in the works that I'm only about halfway through writing, but that one I definitely won't publish until it's done. I just wanted to make sure these scenes I had written got published.
“Mom.” She sighed, covering her face with her hands.
Cas made his way to the refrigerator, still shushing Jack. He pulled out a bottle of formula, and offered it to Jack, but he was inconsolable.
She scoffed. “I was out on my porch, taking my dog out, and saw Erica Bailey walk right up the front path and through the door.”
Jack reached out a tiny, sticky hand and laid it on Gabriel’s cheek. Despite his fear of the archangel, Cas’ heart melted with pride. Jack was so empathetic already, and it made Cas so happy.
She ran her fingers self consciously over the white bandages.
He cocked one side of his mouth upwards in a smile, swallowing before answering. “The kid is a menace. He’s just discovered that he has powers, but has no idea how to control them.” Cas frowned. “I mean, the kid will get excited, and when that happens, he’ll make a stuffed animal or whatever fly around, which gets him even more excited, and then it’s hurricane Jack.” He chuckled. “This is, until he blows the light bulbs out in his room. We had to change them seven– no, eight times this week.” Cas scoffed quietly, looking down at the table. “But other than that, the kid is normal. Just starting to crawl around, which means we’re really going to have to babyproof soon. That’s going to be a nightmare in and of itself. And it does no good if it turns out the little dude can fly.” He pushed the thought out of his mind; tonight was for celebrating Cas’ return. Parenting could wait until the morning. Or, at least, until Jack woke up again.
Dean was in the bar and restaurant downstairs, waiting on takeout with a whiskey on the bar beside him.
When he had finally read Jack enough books to break through his sugar high, he snuck down to the Dean Cave. He didn’t feel like dealing with the people hanging out in the library.
“Hey, buddy,” he cooed, trying not to sound nervous and failing. “Hey, you’re okay, I’ve got you.” It was no use. Jack wailed, showing off his tiny pink tongue and gums. Sam was just about to call out for Dean when he heard his heavy footfalls on the stairs again.
Michael’s expression softened. “Brother.”
“But you know the right ones,” Cas continued.
“Not by choice, but he was.” The angel sighed. “Some people just can’t be saved.”
He paid for the gas and snacks and made his way back to Jody, trying not to let the grief tear at him. If he let Missouri get to him, then he would think about Mom, and then he would think about Cas, and he couldn’t afford that right now, not when he was responsible for the lives of Missouri’s family.
“Nah, it’s fine, I only really need the one hand,” Dean replied, taking Jack and hoisting him on one hip.
Only when they got there, there was someone waiting for them.
When she returned, her face was grim. So, nothing from the sheriff. “You get anything from the traffic cam?” she asked.
“It’s the Larson Brothers Shipyard,” Alex announced. Jody glanced over and saw her tapping away at her phone. “Just off Route 14, shut down in ‘08.”
Dean looked at him, a hint of anger in his eyes. “Mom’s gone. There’s no fixing that.”
He stopped in the clothing aisle. Did Cas have any changes of clothes? He wasn’t sure what kinds of clothes he would like. When he was human before, he only had the uniform for his job at the Gas-n-Sip.
“Thanks, have fun on the rest of your trip!”
Patience paused. “Why do you keep saying ‘was?’”
Sam was sitting in the room when he arrived.
“Only once, but I’m telling you, all the other times it’s only been the Bad Place.”
“Rangers,” Dean interrupted. “That’s right.” Cas looked over at Dean, confused, but Dean looked positively excited to be playing this role. Whatever. “We’ve been tracking a fugitive who skipped across state lines. He’s a real mean son of a gun.” Cas could’ve sworn that Dean was pulling these lines directly from a movie. “He’s been robbing graves,” he added.
“We’ve seen some freaks, but over there, that’s a whole new world of bad.”
Fred grinned. “We should all split up and search the house for clues!”
Definitely not good, if it were Winchester-level trouble.
“I’m here!” Claire screamed, “So come and get me!”
As soon as she was out of the driveway, she picked up her phone and called Dean Winchester.
He sat up slowly. His head spun, but he could tell that he was on the little knoll above the bunker.
