"How's everything going, Dean? You settling in okay?" Luc asked as they walked down the halls together.
He wondered how long he'd been asleep, lying face up in the river. It had been around 11 AM when Max first called him, probably closer to noon when he finally got to the shed, and that would put him in the evening when he fell. Though, he didn't know how close to sunrise he was right now.
"What the hell happened?" Dean turned to Lucifer, finally focusing on his face. He looked tired and sad.
Dean walked outside and stood for a moment, basking in the wave of heat that overtook him the second he left the building.
"Find a way to survive." Cas replaced Sam, standing in the same spot he had been standing in and finishing his sentence, Sam now nowhere to be seen.
"Listen here, you bitch-" Jody began to spit out, but Dean quickly smacked his arm in front of her torso, stopping her from both walking toward the angel and, thankfully, talking.
Mia had really wanted to stay and read through Samuel's many, many journals in hopes of finding out if Samuel ever found the man in the mountains, but as per her deal, she couldn't say no. Nor did she especially want to, because it would just raise questions from Dean, and she didn't want to get his hopes up yet.
As he began to speak out the joking phrase, everything seemed to stop around him. It was ridiculous, right?
Neither said a word; they just stared at him, unblinking. Dean's eyes were fixed on Cas, searching for something, anything, that reminded him of the man he was. It was like a ghost had overtaken them both, and Dean felt his heart break in a bunch of different pieces.
While Castiel was having this kind of crisis, Sam was a bit closer to a temper tantrum. He would kill to understand how Dean defused The Bomb in the kitchen two mornings ago now because he was not having much luck with it. Sam always liked to think he was more patient than his brother in pretty much any situation, but this did not feel like that.
All three of them ran out to the main room of the bunker to see Kevin standing there with Mia and Luc, his arms crossed.
When they flipped their badges up this time, the woman questioning the red-haired woman just scattered, leaving her alone with them.
Dean didn't want Mia going to Hell, period, long before her nervous breakdown at Jody's house. And bringing Lucifer into Hell may be their best bet at protection, but it only spelled out bad news.
Dean shook his head. "Long story, but nope. And I doubt they even know I'm here. I didn't exactly give them a heads up."
Raphael stood there, staring at them in silence. After a moment, he finally spoke up. "You said he killed 'him.' Not, 'them'?"
"No, it's alright," Lucifer put his hands back on Dean's shoulders, now that they were facing one another. He was able to read Dean's facial expressions well enough to know that being there when Sean and Mia found out about Jody was the last thing in the world the hunter wanted to do. "Kevin's going with him. You're alright."
She shrugged and folded her arms defensively. "You know, The Dean Winchester Bomb. The loss of patience, the screaming, and punching or kicking inanimate objects, The Bomb?"
I'm so sorry this chapter took so long to get out, college has been crazy but in a mostly good way, but this will make you feel better... ONLY TWO CHAPTERS LEFT! RED ALERT! TWO MORE CHAPTERS! ARE YOU EXCITED?! I'll be sad when it's over, but it's been a long ride getting here and I have changed the aim of this story a million times. Honestly, I'm really happy with the way I've ended it (even though it isn't entirely finished yet)
"I had this. The whole time I was here, I had this, and it's gone." Dean's voice was desperate and sad, and Lucifer feared he might collapse to his knees.
Oh hell, who was he kidding? He wasn't going to let them do this without him. He would wait until they got home and make them take him, even if Cas had to make good on that threat and carry him out, which felt oddly familiar for some reason.
Cas was everything. He only wished he knew that before. Before he was sent here... before he might never see him again.
He wasn't proud of it. He hadn't expected his mere presence to fuck up a family, but if there was anything he learned from Lisa and Ben, it was that sticking around gets people hurt.
"When we first met him, we didn't know who he really was. He was posing as a prophet, Chuck, who wrote books about our lives. A few years later, we encountered an actual prophet named Kevin Tran and figured something must have happened to him for Kevin to come into his powers.
Raphael eyed them both suspiciously. "What do you mean? Where else would you ever find archangel grace? My brothers are gone."
The archangel gave him a sad little smile. "This was Michael's. When he broke me out of the cage, we got the chance to catch up for three days before our father caught up to us. He said that the centuries he spent with me locked in hell were this... prison of torment. This necklace was given to him by a child while wandering the earth, and he admired it for its simplicity. The child gave it to him, and it was the most valuable thing she could have given. So Michael gave this to me. He said it symbolized the most important thing he could give to me." Lucifer kicked the grass as he walked. "Sometimes I wonder if my brother would be alive had I just played into Chuck's game."
"I think she thought she did kill you," Lucifer confessed. "You almost didn't make it; if I had been one second later, you would have been hellhound chow."
The knife wasn't large enough to cut her head clean off, but the injury it caused made her unable to keep her head up, and she fell to the forest floor, thrashing her limbs. Dean did the best he could to sprint and get away from the monster, feeling sure enough that she wouldn't be able to recover regardless.
(IMPORTANT) also the reason I get new chapters out so quickly is because I've already written WELL ahead of what I post...I have it almost completely finished I just stagger the updates, so if you would like me to post it all at once or even more frequently, like two or three chapters a day, let me know!
He sniffed loudly, letting out a laugh at both how pitiful the sound was and how overjoyed he felt. "Yeah, Kevin. This is… I'm home. This is my home." The words felt strange on his tongue.
Dean immediately knew what she was. An angel. He knew how they held themselves, how they dressed. And her gray business pantsuit was par for the course.
Ruth grabbed his arm and yanked him to the ground, bringing herself to one knee as well. "That's our father, Samandriel!" She hissed.
It was crazy how many reassurances were in that one statement, and it almost made Dean want to cry more. "But… I'm lying to you. You were never fooled," Dean confessed.
Dean had a split second to decide which direction to turn and run in. Being a hunter, it had been painfully obvious where north, south, east, and west were just by the sun's direction. He had been going south, where the forest was. He certainly couldn't go north, back where he came, because he was looking to outrun a dozen monsters on a broken leg, and he had walked for five hours without any place to hide.
Six years and all it was a day. A single day that encapsulated six years of development and change for Dean. Six years of loneliness and pain that he had to go through and come out of.
Rather than argue anything he knew she wouldn't give an answer to, he settled on "how do you know?" It wasn't said in disbelief; in fact, it was more of an admission of belief.
“Oh, enough Dean!” Chuck shouted, standing up and straightening ever so slightly. “You just love to ruin everything don’t you?”
Dean looked away from the camera again, clearly shouting out to someone. “Hey, Raph!” he called. “Come here and say something for Mia’s birthday!”
"Yeah, yeah," he muttered, trying to sit up. Lucifer's hand was quickly against his back, helping him into an upward position. "What…" he trailed off as he looked around.
Dean sighed and leaned against the doorframe that served as the entrance to the kitchen. "Look, Cas, it's fine. We don't have to do this. I was just… panicking. I really thought we were going to die, and I had to fulfill my promises. But I know it sucks that I dropped that on you."
"Maybe not, but I've met you. After everything you've told me in the past few days, about your crazy life and death experiences, and everything you've been through with those two, I know how much you'd be willing to sacrifice for them. And I've only known you a few weeks now, and I'm already terrified of the idea of you getting hurt, let alone dying. So I have some idea of how they feel about you, Dean. Because if what I feel, what I worry about when it comes to you, is even a fraction of how much they've poured into you, then they're probably back home, ripping apart every corner of the world looking for you. And believe me, I will make sure that you are still alive when they finally rip open this world and find you. Or I'll be damned if I don't find a way to get you back to them, ALIVE."
It was quiet for a moment, and Dean couldn't bring himself to turn and face the archangel. It was a weird pride thing to admit that he was in love with Castiel, so he wasn't sure how to do it normally. He wasn't sure if, just now, finally blurting it out was handling it normally.
He grabbed his knives and his gun and tucked them all into his waistband. He hobbled over to his boots and jacket tossed on the floor in front of the fire yesterday and put them on, repositioning the placement of his knives to his jacket pockets.
Thanks for sticking with this fic! I'm not listing it as completed yet because as mentioned before, there will be one more chapter installment as I will be doing an ALTERNATE ENDING! As asked previously, I will do one more chapter in the coming weeks about what would have happened if Dean had let the six years pass for Sam and Cas as well. It will be short and mostly just extra Destiel and angst, so if that's not your thing, feel free to be finished here!
Lucifer just blinked. Actually, no, he hadn't thought of that, but now that he mentioned it, it seemed plausible. If the man could do… that… to a vampire while running low on sanity and resources, what could he do if he had those things?
“I was starting to hallucinate or dream or something, and it was pretty bad. But by morning, someone had fished me out of the river and carried me to a cabin. A little embarrassing, I know, but I was half-dead by then so I didn’t have too much time for my pride.
Before he could even attempt to drag Raphael’s weak body out the door, the three Sam-demons surrounded him and lifted Raphael between them, Rowena hot on their heels.
Seven years ago, when Purgatory was unleashed upon Lucifer’s own world, he had half expected his father to reappear and kill him, or find a way to throw him back in the cage. After all, he had killed Michael so easily, so what was stopping him from doing the same to Lucifer now that he was currently the one standing in defiance of him?
The archangel sent him a small smile from his seat at a table, next to Kevin who waved at him. There was a cot set up a few feet from them where Raphael lay, unconscious, but not looking as bad as he had in the car.
Sam took it curiously and examined it. It didn’t seem to be too damaged, so whatever was on there was probably still good. On one side were the letters “M.M.B.D.” written in sharpie.
"You should turn back and go to that cabin," Cas's voice chimed in again, and Dean squeezed his eyes shut, both wanting them to go away and desperately wanting them to be real. "You shouldn't be walking in this state."
The prophet understood dedication and family, he also wouldn't let himself rot in a cabin somewhere, but that was probably because he would have been in too much pain to just live with an injury like the one Lucifer described. He wouldn't believe the man walking beside him was the same man Lucifer pulled from the river if he hadn't seen Lucifer work his miracles before.
Maybe a part of Max understood the situation better than he thought because he didn't waste a second waiting around for it to pop back up again. His gut told him it wouldn't. Not a hopeful thought at all, but at least he could immediately be put to action.
“I don’t know,” a familiar voice came from behind all of them. “I know how much you like kicking and punching.”
"Would you two stop it?!" Dean was beginning to regret bringing both of them out. He promised Sean and Jody he'd take out Mia, and he had meant to force Kevin into some actual fieldwork, so he figured what's the harm in killing two birds with one stone?
"Oh dear god," Ruth groaned, standing back up and rolling her eyes. "You don't ever shut up, do you?"
"You have to focus. Even when you're in a bad situation, you have to hold on to that semblance of focus that will keep your gun aimed at your target." Dean began to speak through instructions as they walked back to the school in the early daylight.
She nodded vigorously. "My mom was the sheriff before all of this. I can handle a gun. I can handle myself! I promise!" It was less defensive and more that she was desperately trying to prove herself. Dean just smiled at her and handed it to her. She accepted it like it was gold, revering it with awe and admiration.
Lucifer was not surprised to feel Kevin's presence in the early morning. The archangel had been sitting on the roof alone all night, as he did every night, keeping watch since he didn't require sleep, but he had spent the last night feeling guilty, angry, and sad all in one.
What a stupid question. What a horrible, terrible, wretched question. As if Dean could ever not be worth it. As if he could ever not be worth everything to him.
Suddenly, his panic stopped. The emptiness in his chest was suddenly flooded with warmth, and it felt as though something was occupying the vacuous space, curled and nested in his sternum. His breath came back to him, and his fear dissipated ever so slightly.
He felt his face flush red, even though Sam wasn't even in the truck or paying attention to him. He had to ignore his thoughts; they weren't okay. Dean would always see him as his friend, and Cas could be okay with that, honestly, as long as Dean was at least with him.
"You're dead," the man mumbled. It was harsh and violent, and Lucifer was sure that he needed to heal this man as quickly as possible.
It was his fault they were here, it was his fault that the other Jody was dead, and it was his fault that he wasn't providing this whole "shoulder to cry on" business the entire time.
He wanted to meet Sam and Cas, he wanted to be there to see Dean reunite with them. Screw acting and movie making, that shit would have been inspiration fuel for a dozen scripts! The shere emotionality and vulnerability exuded by a man, usually defined by his ability to be strong and independent, suddenly thrust into the whims of a sort of soul-stirring, impassioned storm of feelings. Then take all of that juxtaposed with his inability to live it to its fullest extent because he is masking himself with a never-ending abundance of lies. He imagined that the concept was so complex that no actor could ever properly portray it on screen without having spent six years away from their family only to pretend it never happened. It was bizarre, and it was oh so intriguing.
The archangel was a bit surprised at the lack of vim he was receiving. The man he fished out of the river that morning was angry and tense. This one just looked terrified of him, frozen. He wasn't sure which he preferred.
Dean's annoyance at his young friend actually pushed his voice back into it's normal, sarcastic, Dean-ness that comforted Sam a bit amidst all of his confusion, so he just shrugged and led the girl down the hall and toward the kitchen.
He also reminded himself that Sam and Cas wouldn't have to spend the foreseeable future wondering where he was like Chuck suggested. If Max wasn't here, he would put two and two together reasonably quickly upon finding no Dean, no rift, and an empty Impala. Max would go to the bunker and explain everything.
Dean nodded. Indeed, they had been through so much betrayal and death and grief together, but if someone looked at this photo, they wouldn't think anything of it; they would just see them as people—ordinary people living their lives.
‘Wait, his car crashed?” Mia reiterated in surprise. “So he was here? Like, on this physical plane?”
"We saw the tape so we knew that Kevin was alive in some way, but I don't know where you're pulling the rest of this bullshit from," Sam responded indignantly. It was a good thing that out of the three of them, Sam was the one to keep talking. After all, he was the only one who didn't believe what Dean said, which put Dean in a better position. Instead of having to explain what happened and how and why, he had to prove it happened at all, which was much less emotionally taxing of the two options.
Sam glanced at the broken kid in the bed. "I don't think it'll work, Cas. He's… practically already dead."
Lucifer perked up and slapped Dean's back. "Come on, it's a party! Let's just enjoy ourselves for one night. Look at Raph! Even he's having fun… I think."
So Cas told Dean stories all the way back to Kansas, and Dean smiled the whole time, peaceful and finally beginning to feel satisfied.
He had been a little confused as to why this earth was holding on for as long as it had been, but now he supposed it might have something to do with the annoying and unlikely friendship between his failed son and that stubborn son of a bitch hunter he had meant to just suffer and die. But now, they were both back in Chuck's favorite world, the one he'd been saving for last. Dean's reappearance in his own world was not part of the plan.
Mia sank into the chair opposite him again. "I doubt that. I've seen you throw yourself in front of a wendigo to help Kevin. One time, you climbed a mountain completely by yourself to pick Hanna's daughter her favorite flowers for her damn birthday, because, and I quote, 'no one else was going to do it.'"
Sam cleared his throat; he too looked shocked. "Yeah… yes. Yes, I'm a family friend. Is he going to be okay?"
"That telling a man I live with and have been friends with for more than ten years that I'm chick-flick hopelessly in love with him? Yeah, I think that's bound to put up a few extra walls."
Boy had he: Krissy Chambers, that headstrong girl who lost her father, or Claire Novak, the most prominent example.
When they arrived at the hospital, Dean pushed Sam and Cas forward to go ask about Max, but Mia grabbed his arm before he could follow them.
Dean stood from his chair and walked over to the doorframe, gripping it tightly and trying not to punch the wall in anger. "Dammit!" He shouted, startling Sam in his seat.
"Well Mia, I'm sorry to tell you, but that holy water wouldn't have done a thing. She wasn't a demon."
Raphael rolled his eyes, clearly getting increasingly annoyed the more time they were wasting. “Of course not, I sent him to warn Lucifer and Mia. Look, Ruth stole something from me, it was the lance of my late brother, Michael.”
Dean didn't like that Kevin was so worried. Kevin shouldn't have this kind of thing on his shoulders, but he realized that Lucifer couldn't be the only one, so someone had to step up. Lucifer may love humanity, but he wasn't sure if he completely understood it yet, and he was just one being, however powerful that being may be.
"That didn't take very long at all," Dean said, putting his phone on speaker and tossing it into the passenger seat.
"You don't understand!" Lucifer replied excitedly. "I was his prison; he says it right there while literally using the word 'prison.' If him discovering the truth about me broke him out of his metaphorical prison, then that has to be his key!"
“Ruth, leave him alone,” Lucifer warned, with his wings and eyes still present and prominent. Ruth backed away a little bit, already reaching her arm toward the lance strapped to her back defensively. No one knew what to do, and no one dared move a muscle, not even Dean.
The man was awake, sitting up and eyeing him. Still, Lucifer's attention was quickly drawn to the vampire thrashing violently, his neck bound to the bedpost with the bandages Lucifer brought.
"You expected me to tell Cas how I felt right away. But I couldn't. And you were right, you did devote six years to our deal, and I can't manage to do one simple thing. But I think that today may have shown you that…"
"Yes, it's interesting, isn't it, the 'paralyzing God' part." A tall woman with black curly hair was standing beside them, having definitely not been there a minute ago.
"Okay, now does someone want to tell me what's going on?" Sam asked exasperatedly as he walked over and stood beside Cas.
Kevin didn't seem to notice the insanity of the statement, however. "My doppelganger?! Whoa, is he cool?"
He finally got to the moment of truth, to see where the drop off led, when he felt nails clawing into the calf of his broken leg. He screeched (rather embarrassingly but hey, who did he have to impress) as he spun around, pulling out his knife and thrusting it into the hand gripping onto him.
"You've lost a lot of blood, but I can help you. I promise you, I'm not whoever it is you believe me to be. I just want to help you."
Sam was surprised to see his brother up in the early hours of the morning, sitting in the kitchen and drinking coffee.
That's why he kept this one certain flash drive in his pocket at all times. He supposed he was taking a page out of Dean Winchester's book, carrying something precious to you in your pocket at all times, but he had to admit, he understood why Dean did it.
Sam and Cas quickly thanked Trinity one last time before following Mia, and Sam was beginning to come up with a theory that he wasn’t a big fan of.
However, she did show her research to Lucifer periodically, and they would disappear together, only for Dean to find her again later with new books about new subjects.
"Pretty quickly in I had befriended Luc and Kevin and I was spending all of my time with them, helping out around the base. I figured if we couldn't find a way to get me home, I could at least help teach people how to defend themselves in the meantime. Mia wanted to help too, but I had to talk her down from that by making her a promise. A promise that has come up in conversation and uncomfortable amount, and I'm sorry about that. But one part of the promise was that she would try and find me a way home, and that was her idea.
"Bad time?" The familiar voice rang out behind him, and Dean had gotten so used to him creeping up behind him for the last six years that he didn't even bother reacting with shock.
Oddly, Dean wasn't in the large open room like he usually was. He may have been happy these last few days, but he still hated being left home alone, and every time Sam and Cas left, he would usually be waiting just beneath the stairs or on his laptop on the desks in the library so that he could pester them upon their return. But he wasn't there.
Mia listened to him, and she never broke their deal. She poured over books about witchcraft and magic every time Dean ran into her. She was always reading and writing things down in a journal, and she never let Dean see.
“Okay, so we keep you and Raphael away from Ruth,” Mia suggested as if it was the simplest problem in the world. “Ruth was already pretty well equipped to kill me, Dean, and Kevin. The lance doesn’t exactly increase those odds.”
They had made it. They hadn't just survived; they won. They hadn't fled; they made it out. And now, Dean had two people he had missed more than anything for six years within reach very soon.
Cas pulled his hands away and took a few steps back, leaving Dean with a confused and slightly hurt look on his face.
Max rolled his eyes, annoyed at how everything was just lining up in a bunch of dishonesty. "And you're just okay with that?"
First, he needed resources. He would need to find somewhere to stay, a house or a car or a motel room where he could rest and reset, and begin to compile resources: weapons, spellbooks, anything he would need to survive.
Chuck clapped his hands and rubbed them together. “Wonderful! Why don’t you take us somewhere nice, huh Luc?”
Sam and Cas wanted a break, some time to recover from everything and try to understand the fact that Dean had been gone six years. It was very difficult to wrap one's head around. Dean didn't feel the same. He missed hunting, he had missed a hunt for six years. Killing monsters left and right wasn't the same as a case, long hours in the car, helping people, even the research. Luc was ecstatic when Dean asked if he would be his partner.
“Well, you’re not God anymore,” Dean chimed in, walking so he could be beside Luc. It was a show of confidence really, now Chuck didn’t stand a chance against either one of them. “Now you’re just regular old Chuck Shurley, regular old human, regular old bitch.”
Now sitting at the table, Sam was reminded of their conversation from that morning. "You remember what you told me earlier? About that… emptiness you feel when Dean is inaccessible? What does that mean now that he's back?"
Sam threw his hands in the air, annoyed, but didn't move to follow him. Instead, he just sat back in the chair and sighed, feeling useless and bored.
This was way more than that. Dean never wished Sam was with him more than at that moment; he knew his nerd brother would be in front of these people giving an inspiring speech, winning them over already.
Dean narrowed his eyes, realizing Luc had an ulterior motive. "Are you seriously pushing a pro-angel agenda to me right now? Do you really think I'd be here talking to you if I still had a problem with angels, the-actual-devil-Lucifer?"
Castiel was human six years ago. Dean might have actually had ample time to meet new people back then.
But looking around, he knew that lying wasn't an option right now. Because that's not what they needed, and it's certainly not what they wanted.
He blinked in confusion as Sam hopped back into the driver's side door. "We've been looking all morning; maybe we should go back to the bunker." Sam glanced over and saw the angel, not really paying him any mind. "Cas? Hey, are you doing okay?"
Dean froze for a moment. In all the stress surrounding finally telling the truth, he had momentarily forgotten about his little confession of love at all.
Dean reached forward to kiss Cas's head and listened to Luc speak about stars all night long, floating along the river once more.
Dean smiled to himself and he tapped the wheel with his fingers mindlessly, his focus shifting between the road and images of Cas. "Of course," he unknowingly lied.
When Dean left the hospital room, he very quickly corrected his posture and facial expression. He'd only been back for a day now, but he had already messed up so much when it came to pretending that everything was normal, so he was trying to amend that now that Sam didn't seem to suspect him as much.
But his words seemed to suffice for now, as Jody leaned back in her seat, folding her arms. Clearly, this wasn't sitting right with her, but she had nothing to argue for. What could she say? That she wanted Mia to be her daughter? That wasn't really the problem at hand here.
Meanwhile, Sam learns something about the relationship between Cas and Dean that fuels his fears that his brother may be dead
They walked back to the shed together, and they both saw the rift disappear with a pop. After seeing Dean's Impala parked next to Max's car around front, he realized with a sickening thought that they probably just missed the Winchester by a second.
Raphael didn’t need to ask or understand the intricacies of human emotion to know one thing: this bunker was not a place that they belonged in at the moment.
Then again, how would loyalty explain it, considering that Dean hadn't done anything to deserve it? If Dean didn't deserve his love, then why the hell was that explained away by something smaller?
Ruth, now more confident from being supported by her father, grabbed the lance off her back and wielded it in front of her, eyeing down Lucifer, waiting for him to make a move.
Sam continued staring at the kid beside him. His instinct was to tell Cas no, tell him to just leave him so that he could live just a little longer, but there was something he just couldn't shake.
Trinity shook her head slowly. “Honestly? I can’t speak with total authority, but it looked like he’d been stabbed or something.”
"Mia," she said, earning a raised eyebrow from Jody. "My name. You asked… my name is Mia. Well, it's Amelia, actually."
As Sam made it for the stairs, Castiel caught his arm and motioned to him. Sam looked down at himself, confused before he realized he was barefoot, wearing boxer shorts. "I suppose I should change before we go." He said sheepishly, and he could see Cas trying to stifle a humorous smile.
Lucifer didn't have the time to feel stupid after being chided by Mia for not realizing that Samuel had been referring to his brother the entire time.
Dean and Kevin took the lead, Rowena right behind them, and the demons and Raphael behind her as they bolted up the spiral staircase as quickly as they could.
Water. He needed water desperately. He was overheating and thirsty and had somehow drained all of the water Lucifer brought him during his fits of sleep. The fact that it had not miraculously refilled only served to remind him that he was so blind with hatred that he chased off the one person who was capable and willing to help him.
Cas was still at the table like before, unmoving and speechless, his expression unreadable. Sam did not want to imagine what was going through that poor angel’s head right now. And while there was a part of Sam cheering on the inside for what Dean was attempting to say right before the loud static noises, most of him was overwhelmed with fear for his brother, and what the static noises entailed.
The stranger just looked away, almost like a pouty child. It seemed like he noticed that too because he dropped his eyebrows and flattened the tense frown on his face so that it was very thin and humorless. For the first time, he didn't look terrified or furious.
Both men standing by him were suddenly very invested in his delusions and insanity. "What about Dean? Max, why do you have to go back for Dean?" Sam asked quickly.
Dean was now just staring at the shut door yards away from him. "I'm not sure, Luc. She's going to do whatever I ask of her."
"Because I've had some practice being scared, Kev. I've been scared since I was a kid. Scared to fail my father, scared Sammy might get hurt, scared that my entire life would be spent alone. But things aren't always black and white."
One of the doors was open a crack, so it was easy to peer their heads around and look inside, creating an almost cartoonish image as Dean's head was directly above Kevin's as they moved in sync.
He simply swallowed the lump in his throat and trudged forward, trying not to look around, and headed straight for his desk. He pulled out the drawer and pulled out two of his more durable spare phones, and then he practically ran back out, not sure he could spend another second in there without crumpling into a ball.
"How?" Lucifer's face was full of sadness and pity, and for once, that look didn't piss Dean off. "You don't owe your life to anyone but yourself."
This room was where everyone was. Dean's eyes widened in shock, and he ignored Lucifer's clasp on his shoulder as he stared. "Well, Dean, welcome to our little rebellion."
Sean stood up from his seat on the edge of the bed and wrapped Mia in a hug. “Honey, everything is going to be alright,” he said while rubbing her back. “But you can’t leave this unfinished.”
When Castiel couldn't find any words to answer with, Sam buried his face in his hands. He would do anything for Dean to help them through this, but that was precisely the problem.
Everyone was passed out in different corners of the room. Sam fell asleep on a chair, Kevin was straight-up lying face down on the floor, Mia was curled at the foot of the bed, and Cas was draped over Dean gracelessly, one arm and one leg crossing over Dean's body.
During Dean's time away, he regretfully forgot what Max even looked like. Lucifer and everyone else had assured him that it was only natural to lose your memory of certain people's faces after a lot of time apart, but it did little to appease his guilt over it anyway.
"Well, that's easy; I'm coming too!" Kevin said with a big grin on his face. "I want to explore a world that actually has stores and restaurants and humans wandering the streets."
She promised if anything went wrong that she would pray to Raphael or Lucifer, and they decided to fly her and her father out to a boat in one of the Great Lakes; that way, they wouldn't have to deal with monsters. Lucifer found a particularly large and fancy boat for the two of them and piloted it out to the middle of the lake so that they wouldn't even have to risk monsters between the land and the boat.
It was an honest statement, coming to a new universe had to be stressful, and Dean should have expected that.
Raphael looked between them all, embarrassment on his face. "Sorry, I just got excited. Chuck can be locked up with four keys. The keys aren't literally key-shaped, considering we're not locking our father in a cage, but they do serve the purpose of a key.
But then it happened, the inevitable reaction that Kevin had his whole life to negative situations, a panic attack. His heart was pounding, he felt his skin begin to sweat, his hands were shaking, desperately trying to cling to the wheel, and then his breathing became tight and shallow and full of panic and distress.
"You have nothing to apologize for! I just want to know what's wrong." He looked over at his friend with as much sympathy and compassion as he could muster. "I know you loved your brothers, Luc. So why don't you want to see one of them now that you have the chance?"
Hell was both alike and completely different from what he expected as they stepped into their little portal.
Dean laughed, even though no one spoke. "Okay, fine, Cas, you guys win, tell me about… that one." Dean opened his eyes again to look at the sky, and he removed one arm from lying on the water to point up at some random stars in the sky.
"Of course I do. I still do, and I will kill them myself if I find out they've spent the last three years risking their lives trying to find me. But the truth is, Cas's definition of 'moving on' isn't the human one. He'll hunt with Sam and drink beers on the hood of the Impala, but only because it would make Sam happy." Dean stared into the waterfall in front of him, concentrating hard on keeping his eyes fixed on the rushing water. If not, he feared he would shut his eyes, and their faces would be the only thing he would see. "Maybe it should be comforting, but it makes me sad too. But unless he finds my body, I don't think Cas is going to stop waiting for me. Sure, hopefully, he will stop looking for me. But he won't stop waiting, and that's what kills me." He cursed himself under his breath. "I don't want him to be upset." The last words were barely above a whisper.
It woke him up a little more as he felt arms sweep him from the hard, cold, and uncomfortable steps and towards the warm, familiar smells and feelings of Cas' torso and trenchcoat.
Sam met Cas coming back inside. "Dean's phone is off." He called up to Cas, standing at the top of the stairs. He waved his own phone for emphasis.
Dean and Cas walked hand and hand through the garage and outside to the dirt drive, meeting up with Sam who was already gawking at Luc's present.
Dean stiffened but didn't take the bait. "Well, it was before I broke my phone," he added pointedly, but without spite, considering this was all a big lie, so he didn't have any right to get angry with his brother. "But he was really vague. He said he was in Kansas, and there was something wrong, but he hung up really quickly. Could you try calling him? He isn't responding to my calls, and I just want to make sure he's okay."
"Don't touch me!" Dean growled as the archangel tried once more to reach out and touch his leg. To his credit, Lucifer retracted his hand and stood back up, backing away from the hunter who was all but cowering underneath the table, unable to inch away any further.
"Really, Amelia? You found me by yourself?" Raphael's voice was impressed, and Mia blushed a little before shaking her head stubbornly.
"Trinity," she answered. "My friend and I were just driving down these back roads, we actually live closer to Lebanon and we've never been over here before, but when we were driving I saw that car being thrown to the side of the road. It looked insane like a monster truck rammed into it and sent it flying, but we didn't see any other cars nearby, and it was too dark to see anything else. The weirdest thing was, I know there weren't any cars because we basically parked right behind where it happened, there was no way something going fast enough or something big enough to cause that kind of damage would have just disappeared into thin air."
It wasn’t the answer either of them wanted, but they figured it was best to just let it rest for now. Cas pulled the keyring out of his pocket and showed it to her. “There was a woman who saw the aftermath of the crash, and apparently Dean gave her this.”
“Whoa, Jody, what’s going on?” Sam asked in Mia’s stead. True, Sam was not the witch’s biggest fan right now, but he was no stranger to that angry parental tone, and his instinct was to defend and protect.
Jody couldn’t stop staring at the girl who was hiding her face in her legs. She just saw a video of herself, saying that this girl was her daughter. And while Jody knew she never made that video, she never had hair that even looked like that, there was no doubt that it had been her, unmistakable Jody Mills, in that video they just watched. Was that crazy? With the Winchesters, crazy was just a way of life, but this seemed a little too surreal.
She twirled her fork around the plate, not making eye contact with Dean. "I think it's a great idea. And I think we should go."
The lie was clearly believable enough because Sam furrowed his brow, confused, and pulled his phone out of his pocket. "Now that you mention it, I actually had a handful of missed calls from him yesterday, but I was so distracted looking for my dumbass brother that I didn't pay them much attention."
“I don’t lose!” Chuck argued back. “I am God, and God doesn’t fucking lose!” he kicked a chair over, but even with the power in his voice, nothing was intimidating about him anymore.
Castiel and Sam shared an unsure glance. They could just let Mia leave, she left the Ma’lak box and the keyring and she didn’t even know about the flash drive, so they still held all the cards, but the fact that she wasn’t trying to take those items with her implied that while they may be important, they had little to do with finding Dean.
Jody’s face was beet red. “Your little friend stole a picture from my shelf,” she accused, glaring at Mia who was now cowering behind Sam.
And yet, Luc wouldn't really kill her. Maybe if it came down to it, he'd do what has to be done, but as of right now, his pacifism was pulling for the win. Dean could kill her in a blink if he had the correct weapon, but he was getting the feeling that this face-to-face negotiation was a one-time stop. If Ruth left the bunker with Chuck, they'd never see her again. They'd never see either of them again.
Not wanting to be there for this part, Lucifer sent Mia an awkward look. “Listen, Dean,” the archangel started. “There’s something I need to do before this can all be over. I’ll come back later, okay?”
Dean stared at him blankly. "Look, Cas, that's cool and all, but I don't see what it has to do with the… phone call, I guess."
Dean shook his head. "I don't know what to tell you, Mia. But if she didn't come to your aid, then I worry that it means nothing good." He really did. He didn't want to add any more angels to this mix except for his own.
"You're… you're not scared… of anything," Kevin managed to get the words out, broken and still panicked.
Kevin and Mia got up and walked away, both of them having their arms crossed, looking pretty annoyed. Lucifer simply raised an eyebrow at Dean. "You didn't ask ME to promise, no questions asked."
Dean immediately regretted his decision. He didn't need to spin around to see that the rift had disappeared, stranding him here.
"I brought you some soup." He added, bending over to set it on the edge of the bed. To his credit, he really was keeping his distance from Dean, having to stretch forward to even reach the bed.
I know this one is short! I'm posting faster than I'm writing, so I'm catching up to myself lol, so I cut this one down but don't worry, you MIGHT get to see Dean go home soon... next chapter soon...
He knew it. "Then don't lie, Dean," Cas reasoned in his signature Cas-knows-best voice. "Dean, I know that there's something wrong. And there is clearly something different about you."
"You need to find a way home, Dean. Don't live for yourself; live for us." Dean blinked up at the man, still almost lifeless and robotic, just as Sam had been. When they were only the voices, they had more life and personality. "Sam and I will be devastated if we never know what happened to you. You owe us that. You owe us."
She rolled her eyes. "I guess you have a point, but it still ruins the fantasy. You know, the cute romance story, one professes their love for another."
He hadn't been paying much attention to the individual vampires that chased him to the river, but he did remember the gaunt, sickly-looking one that ripped a chunk of his leg out. The injury that was currently causing him to suffer from confusion and fever.
"I'm serious!" Lucifer defended, trying to calm his best friend down. "It's not even a difficulty for me to do, and there is no risk. I just never really considered it, but I can do it. I can take you back to pretty close after you left."
Dean looked up at them with wide, sad, and honest eyes. "It can't go back to normal because I'm not normal. I learned that the hard way. I'm nothing like I was six years ago, just like last week I was nothing like I was the six years before those. But it wasn't just your average tragedy-changes-a-man crap. It was six years without my family, six years in charge of almost two hundred people who relied on me to lead them and help protect them, six years of taking care of people, of mentoring Mia, of being a friend to Lucifer. Six years of a job that I didn't sign up for, and honestly, it was six years of no hunting. Sure, we'd fight the occasional Purgatory monster, but there was no canvassing, no research, no twists and turns, no hunting. And I know I'm not the same Dean I was before I left. And I know you can all tell that something happened, and it wasn't just because of the things I would slip up and say. It's how I act."
Then it happened. One fateful day, a little over six years from when Dean first found that damned rift.
“I’m sorry,” Lucifer’s apology was clearly aimed at Dean, but Kevin didn’t say anything about it. “I need you to stay here with Raphael, and it’s too dangerous for you to come.”
Both Lucifer and Raphael reached for her, probably trying to heal her of whatever was causing her panic, but Dean grabbed her first and gently pulled her back from the archangels. "You know what, why don't you two catch up for a bit? I'm going to talk to Mia outside, okay?"
"Let me guess, he and Cas were being all cute so he completely forgot anyone else in the world existed?" Mia specifically asked Sam.
But what did that mean for him? For all three of them? What could Sam and Cas do in this situation? How would they get archangel grace or find the correct world?
Sure, they had been beaten before. They lost a lot of people, but they did have a chance to end it. Or fix it, maybe.
Max nodded understandingly, having acknowledged that nothing could possibly be weirder than learning God exists, hated him, and rode in his car. "So, what? You want me to keep Dean's secret by guilting me into thinking I owe him?"
This time the growl in Dean's throat was audible, catching onto Chuck's degrading prompt. "Where is the bait, Chuck?"
Chuck laughed, swiping his hands through the air. "Don't be ridiculous. I simply lined everything up without his knowledge. Max Banes is safely back home. He just happened to be chased out by an angry farmer and dropped his phone at an inopportune time."
"Look, Mia's my friend. Yeah, she's just sixteen and definitely unprepared, but she's determined." Kevin sighed as he looked around. "Do you really think that Sean and Jody can get to her right now? She's rebelling. If they find her first, she'll just keep sneaking out until she proves herself or dies."
Thankfully, Sam and Cas left him the Impala, so he didn't have to take some random, unfamiliar car. Part of him wondered why. Baby was definitely more his than Sam's, but Sam was allowed to take her out whenever he wanted. So why didn't he take it? He supposed he should just be happy he didn't because apparently, he would have to use it.
Mia hurried over to Dean and put her arm around his shoulder, feigning casualty, but the two of them knew she was just trying to provide some grounding. She could see on his face the second she walked in that he was seconds away from cracking.
Cas nodded, acknowledging that Sam was right. Dean never even got around to liking Rowena all that much; it took years for him to come around.
Max whipped his head over to stare at him. "Wait, how the hell did you…?" He trailed off at what he saw. The man no longer had any blood on his face. It was as if it had never been there at all. He was also no longer scared-looking or shaking; he was smiling calmly, staring out the windshield. "Who the hell are you?" Max's voice was low and leveled, coming out as a threat.
As time was going on, Dean wasn't "getting used to it"; it only made every day harder and harder to go through. Lucifer knew because that's what it was like when he was in the cage, and he was locked in there for centuries.
He hated to admit it, but he kind of liked the stranger. He didn't know why. Lucifer definitely had a soft spot for humans, that's what got him into this whole mess, and sure it was possible that he had a soft spot for humans that he rescued, but it felt like there was something else.
Dean nodded, not feeling the disappointment that Raphael had expected. Dean hadn't expected anything more than the Fruit from the Tree of Life; all of this defeating Chuck business was hard enough to believe, let alone easily accomplish. A setback wasn't so much a setback as it was just another task they could achieve.
It was those words and how small they made him sound that finally pushed Cas to his realization. It didn't matter what happened, it didn't matter what Dean was lying about, it didn't matter that Ruth was around somewhere, it didn't matter whatever Mia was doing here or why Dean didn't want to visit Jody or how Mia had healed Max in full so quickly with no supplies. None of that mattered.
Dean's enjoyment was quickly interrupted by a rustling in the brush in front of him. He stopped one hand instinctively over the gun in his waistband and one covering his stomach, trying not to keel over from adjusting to the sudden pain.
Dean bit his lip and trudged forward, slowly, not dignifying his own delirium with a response this time.
"Because obviously, they will recognize you and your face, there's no way that they would just forget what you look like, and you know that. Your fear is that they won't recognize you because the Dean they knew, the one that they claimed 'died' in your dream, I think you left him behind in that cabin."
"We know she only did it for you. We don't know why, but she listens to everything you say," Sean continued. "Maybe us trying to control her so much is driving a wedge between us. I love my daughter, and I love her enough to let her make her own choices." He sighed, sounding a bit more like his wife. "And her choice is to do whatever you ask. So we're asking you to use that power."
"I don't… I don't understand." Dean just wanted to sleep. He was so tired. He just wanted Cas to carry him to bed.
"I was… I know I was driving, and this man ran out on the road, covered in blood. I… think I let him in my car. Yes, I did; I let him in, but he suddenly wasn't hurt anymore, and he smiled… god, he looked so… so… soulless… he… I know it was him," Max's eyes stayed wide, but they weren't even looking at Dean anymore. "I know it was him, I swear, he did it."
"A high school movie where the protagonist gets kidnapped by God and has to fight monsters during an apocalypse."
"Right. Well, when I found her, she had barricaded herself in the cabin, and there were monsters everywhere. I dealt with them and went inside, but she told me about someone I didn't see. Said she saw some fancy-dressed chick and assumed she was a demon because her eyes changed color. But they turned-"
As a happy little surprise, Cas called him when he was about forty minutes out, presumably calling him the moment he found the note.
Dean hurried to his side, leaning over him and gently pushing him back down to the bed. "Hey, Max, relax, it's okay. You're okay, you're going to be fine."
Lucifer scratched at the back of his neck nervously. "I might be able to take you back to your world… right after you left it."
The last time he saw Jody, albeit not this particular one, her eyes were burnt out of her head. Ruth came to the party to smite her and tons of the other survivors at their base, and it was horrible, and the images from the aftermath were graphic and burned into his head. He failed Jody. He couldn't save Jody.
"Thank you," she added with a tight nod before turning back to Lucifer. "You can't sit this out. You want Dean to go home, don't you?"
"I love that name," Jody replied warmly. "I always told Sean if we ever had a girl, we would name her Amelia because that was my-"
"You're wrong. I owe everything to my family, and the bare minimum I owe them is to stay alive long enough to tell them where I am, tell them I didn't mean to leave them." It was the last thing he'd ever wanted to do to them.
Jody laughed at that, but her words continued to be sincere. "It's a good thing, Castiel. It means that you will respect that he doesn't want to talk about something, even though you want to know. It's because you don't want to hurt him, anymore than all of the things in his life already do. Because let's face it, you couldn't have possibly picked anyone more complicated to like," she teased lightheartedly.
"Right, Chuck," Sam admitted defeatedly. "What are we going to do now?" He turned to Cas, his frame fully worn and exhausted.
Liking him more than he liked himself, so much so that he would happily be tortured for the rest of eternity if it meant knowing that Dean was safe.
"This!" Lucifer pulled out a necklace from his pocket, made with brown string and three blue beads. Dean hadn't seen that necklace since he first befriended Lucifer four years ago.
"Have you given any thought to what I asked of you last night?" She asked, tapping her foot impatiently.
Dean looked at them thoughtfully. "Not necessarily…" he pondered, more for himself than anyone else. "Back in my world, I created something that I could recreate that would do what you're describing."
What if he was out there somewhere, unable to move on his broken leg, crying out for help, and Castiel couldn't hear him because his powers were failing? What if he thought Cas was ignoring him or abandoning him and what if he hated him for it or-
He knocked on Dean's door, but the continuing emptiness inside of him told him he wasn't in there before he went ahead and opened the door. His room looked relatively untouched like he hadn't been there since that morning.
"We spent the next hour walking and talking, as he was taking me to some sort of base that a bunch of survivors lived in deeper into the woods. It was an abandoned high school filled with a couple hundred people that Lucifer was protecting. And with my newfound clarity after being healed, I could understand that it wasn't the Lucifer we knew, because that Lucifer is dead, and this one was in a different universe.
Before she left, she paused at the door and reached into her pocket. She felt horrible about stealing it, honestly, she had, and she thought maybe he could use it more than she could.
He took only a second to pause and look at the four people who whipped their heads up to look at him. Obviously, Sam and Cas were there, as he expected, but so were Jody and Mia. Jesus, that couldn't be a good combination.
"Don't even start with that 'let's just drop it' bullshit Dean Winchester. You promised me that if the time came where a way home became plausible, you would take it." Mia protested immediately with stony resolve.
“You know what might… happen… right?” Dean wanted to make sure Kevin knew what choice he was making. Kevin just nodded and then pointed toward the seat next to Dean. The hunter looked over, confused, but saw his phone, still on. He picked it up and looked back at Kevin, and saw a very readable look on his face. “No...I can’t,” Dean said weakly, but Kevin’s face just spelled out the words “maybe, but you have to”.
He pulled himself out from under the table and stood with a massive amount of exertion. He stumbled over to the bed and realized just how much worse his leg was now than it had been before, as he was grateful for the cabin being so small. He barely took a step before his leg caused him to crumble, and he had to all but hurl himself into the bedframe.
Kevin preferred the emotionally complex to the physically taxing. He preferred fleshed-out romantic tragedies to high-punch action.
Cas perked up when he saw Dean. "Listen, I won't lie to you, Sam took Mia and Kevin to go drive your car. I knew you'd be upset, so I wanted to stay and warn you." Dean began crossing the room toward him and Cas looked nervous. "Are you angry with me? You seem angry. What are you going to-"
Lucifer smiled at him. "I should have just come here with them," he gestured to the two humans behind Raphael, who were just awkwardly listening. "I was scared you would hate me."
Sam and Castiel discuss their suspicions about Dean's day of disappearance, and Cas has two interesting conversations in the middle of the night
Cas perked up at Dean's request, obviously not telling which one he was pointing at and it obviously not mattering to Dean at all. As Cas went into a story about creation, he felt an odd sensation, a familiarity as though this happened once in a dream, or in another lifetime perhaps. If he relaxed enough in his story, it almost felt as though he were floating on water, but he had very little understanding as to why.
"I know! He seems to understand things about the world, even this one, that I'm not sure I do yet. Monsters aren't exactly my expertise."
She thrusted the lance toward him, which Lucifer caught and attempted to rip from her grasp. Ruth held on tight and twisted her weapon downward, forcing Luc to contort his body to keep up with his arm being pulled down, hanging steadfast to her lance, until she ripped it back from his grasp and appeared behind him, wrapping her arm around his neck and pulling his head down and back. With her other hand, she raised the lance and attempted to bring it down on Lucifer’s chest, but the archangel threw his legs back and kicked her in the lower part of her stomach, causing her to miss him entirely as she thrust the lance down and met nothing but air.
It had been two days since his camping trip revelation, and they had not left yet. Mia was growing more and more frustrated as she paced the roof of the school where Kevin, Dean, and Lucifer had been sitting and having a civil, reasonable conversation.
"Wait!" Dean took off down the halls toward his room. He hadn't been there in so long, but his legs carried him down the right turns as though he really had just been in there yesterday.
“Why wouldn’t I be?’ Lucifer asked, clearly appalled. “You imprisoned me for not being evil. You murdered my brother for helping me and blamed me for it. How could I not be upset about that?!”
Stepping into his room was more challenging than he anticipated, though, as the emotions that came to the surface upon seeing his bed and his things, accurately as he left them, almost brought him to his knees again.
"I'm fine!" She snapped back defensively. "I'm just worried about Mia and Sean. I mean, just knowing this kind of thing…" she trailed off, her mouth opening and closing silently, desperately searching for words. But she couldn't find them.
The spell was ready, and Dean choked on his own breath as that familiar golden tear in the fabric of the universe appeared before him.
Dean is taken in by Lucifer and a large group of strangers, some with familiar faces, and immediately gets to work
"I know what you're thinking, but consider it," Lucifer negotiated. "Look, I can't imagine how Sam and Cas have made it through the last four years without you. It would be torture, no doubt. So, there's a way to keep them out of that. It might just be harder for you that way. Because you would have a difficult time getting them to comprehend what you went through if they even believe you at all."
He noted, with dry humor, that Sam would love this. Getting in touch with nature, all that hippie-dippie shit. Hell, Sam would probably be able to tell exactly what time it was down to the minute based on the moon's position or some shit. And Cas would love this view. The way the river pushed him gently, leaving him weightless as he stared up at the well-lit sky. Cas would probably spend the time pointing out constellations and telling Dean stories about them, and Dean would lazily pretend to listen and just smile at how excited Cas could get about stuff like that.
“Change of plans,” Dean said into the phone. “I need you two to protect that box. Protect it like your lives depend on it because they probably will. Tell no one about it, trust no one with it, don’t let anyone anywhere near it, do you hear me?”
He hadn't really been in the cabin a lot since he first arrived four years ago, but it was that specific place that he thought of when he thought of his situation, living here in this other world. The cabin symbolized all of his grief and pain and homesickness. "This is what I wanted," he whispered out again.
There was a moment of peace, just a moment, where he shut his eyes against the bright sun that had been beating down on him all day, closed his eyes against the ever-shrinking vamps, snarling at him from above, and he let himself think about being somewhere else. Safe and happy.
God, did he. He was beginning to worry that he knew more about Chuck than his own son. "I'm afraid so." He motioned for Lucifer to keep walking with him as he continued.
Dean snorted. "The Kevin I know would never say that." He cleared his throat, finally dragging his attention away from his beloved Impala. "Alright, well, one of you is going to need to be my alibi for where I've been, which means one of you has to be with me when I see Sam and Cas again."
He also didn't have the gash in his leg when he made his first trek, and he could feel the lack of any genuine progress he was making.
Lucifer exchanged an awkward glance with Dean. “Actually I wasn’t able to get the lance off her. She broke it… herself.”
Maybe that's how Lucifer felt all the time. He was supposed to be better and have all this power, but what was the point if it wasn't enough?
One month passed from the day they took away Chuck's powers. Sam was juggling three beers in his hand as he walked into Dean's room, seeing Dean resting his head on Castiel's lap as the angel played with his hair, just like how he left them.
"Well, yes," Jody responded, slightly confused. "Sean's dad's name was Owen, so if we had a son, that would be his name."
But Raphael agreed that it was for the best, and it was clear that the newly reunited brothers didn't want to spend the evening apart.
"Jesus Christ!" He shouted reflexively. He rubbed his eyes and looked again and saw there was no one there.
"Fine, now shoo! Go placate my parents with Kevin," Mia joked. They turned and started their hike to the waterfall, aware of Lucifer's gaze following them. "Yeesh, you'd think he'd loosen up a bit. We've been off fighting Purgatory monsters for years, and I'm not exactly a kid anymore."
Dean nodded. "I do," he said with a light shrug. "I've done a lot of crazy stuff, Kev. This would definitely be at the top, but it's not the first."
Mia’s daughter instincts kicked in and for a moment she saw her as nothing other than her mother about to give off some sort of life-ending punishment, and she took a step behind Sam.
Dean froze. Dammit, Mia had been more determined than ever the past couple of days to get out there and fight monsters and prove herself.
But this was the same day Dean disappeared. Max was late; he called Sam a handful of times, and then suddenly got into an accident. From what he could piece together from both the doctor and the phone calls' timing, Max rolled into Lebanon before Dean disappeared, stopped somewhere, and then didn't get on the road again until after Dean disappeared. It was all too much to not be connected.
As Kevin's feet pattered down the echoing stairway, Dean made his way to the room. He did almost wish he had privacy when he would sleep, but he would be okay with having roommates, especially since apparently Kevin would be one of them.
But Cas was a world away, his brother was a world away, and he might not get the chance to see them again. He may never have the opportunity to tell Cas the truth, the truth he deserved to know.
Max eyed the two other people with suspicion. "I've never seen these people before… Dean, what's going on?"
“What do you mean ‘where should you start’? Start with what the hell that was about!” Jody demanded in response to Mia, causing her to shrink back again. Jody was having a difficult time fathoming that anything from that video was real or accurate in any way, mainly because Jody knew that the Jody she just watched was not herself, and she did not have a daughter. Certainly not a daughter she didn’t even know about.
The fight probably only lasted about eight minutes, but Dean couldn't remember the end of it. He was staring up, blinking against the sunlight, pushing down on his eyes harshly.
Jody shrugged, staring out into her yard, and at the horizon beyond the houses in her neighborhood. "He was sincere."
"There is one key per archangel, a key that signifies their release from their own prisons. The prison concept can vary between literal and figurative, of course, but once you've collected all four keys, all you need to do is to get them all together in a box that no man or entity can open." Raphael let out a small sigh. "That part may be what stumps us, however."
“I’m glad you asked, Sam. I’m talking about you two taking me to talk to this witness you told me about it.”
He felt a hand on his shoulder, more on his back, inches beneath where his hand was sandwiched between the two of the figures hugging him. The fingers were smaller and slender, just as familiar as the ones digging into his bones above it. Her touch was all-too reminiscent of the concept of winning a battle.
They were completely unaware of a certain missing photo from Jody's shelf back at her house, and just how much trouble and confusion that missing photo would soon cause, but for now, the two oblivious men in love and completely unaware of their love's reciprocation were just content to have a few hours of peace on the open road back home.
“Chuck,” the man said with a grin, and now the Mills finally understood Lucifer’s fear and apprehension.
A voice came from behind the camera, impatient and oddly familiar. “Say something to Mia for her twentieth birthday!” the voice demanded.
"Jody, I swear, I would never sanction her to go out alone. Or at all!" Dean quickly added, trying to avoid the wrath that was directed at him. It wasn't a lie, there was no way in hell he would let her near his weapons, and he was already being flooded with fear at the realization that she was gone.
"Sam Winchester. Yes…" Lucifer stretched at the back of his neck awkwardly. He knew that name; it was the name of his sword, his true vessel.
It didn’t help that Ruth was slowly winning. Luc was obviously getting worn down and he was less and less willing to actually cause her any harm. Ruth pinned the archangel to the wall and drew the lance back, aimed right at his neck.
Raphael shook his head. "It really isn't that complicated. Not if you have enough willing participants."
The demons parted like the red sea as the three guards brought her forth and tossed her aggressively to the floor in front of Ruth’s feet, and Ruth instinctively drew her legs back, not wanting the filthy Hell-bound soul to dirty up her shoes.
Dean rolled his eyes. "That's not necessary, Mia, we should just go see Raphael. We're so close!" He motioned to the waterfall that was now only a few yards out.
"We're not prepared to fight them if they get in the doors," Dean warned, his voice dangerously low. "There are some people here who have potential, but there are children too. We can't risk that." Lucifer nodded in agreement, biting his lower lip in a very human gesture of concern.
He hadn’t seen his father in years. “Years” wasn’t even touching the actual length to which their distance had extended, at least up until the day Michael rescued him and died for it.
The farmer chased him away for a few minutes, driving him out the back door and giving him no chance to get back to his car instead, but he had suddenly stopped. The old man's demeanor completely changed, and he eyed Max with curiosity instead of that rabies-wild anger. He asked who he was and how he got there like he didn't even remember leaving his house.
Dean grabbed her by the elbow, stopping both of them in their tracks. "Mia, what part of anything I've told you from the last three years has made you think that Cas would be… in love with me?" Even the concept seemed foreign on his tongue. He tried to ignore how he was self-consciously handling the photo in his pocket.
Castiel sat across from him at the table, but neither were looking at each other. Sam was drumming his fingers on the table at an erratic pace, and Cas kept curling and uncurling his fists, pressing them to his legs.
The old, tired hunter looked out the window once more to see the smoke cloud grow larger and larger, maybe a minute away from destroying this car and everyone in it, and all he could think about was how he couldn’t possibly die before fulfilling his end of the deal with Mia.
"I had lost a shit ton of blood, and all I understood at that moment was that Lucifer was standing in front of me. I may not have been in the right state of mind, but I knew what I was seeing. Lucifer tried to heal my leg but I was terrified of him, to be completely honest. And he respected that, and let me continue to be in pain because I didn't want him to touch me.
Admitting defeat, they lead the way to Dean’s room. The bed was still shoved haphazardly across the room and the board that was once blending into the floor was now lying lightly on top, not hiding much of anything.
Dean clutched onto Raphael’s now unconscious body for dear life to keep him from flying forward in the seat and hurting himself even more.
So why couldn't he just have a seamless return? Why couldn't he just want things to be just like he left them when he got back? Was it really so bad to want that? To lie in order to get that?
Max stared at the three of them, his jaw practically on the floor. "What am I supposed to do with… that?!"
The throne room was packed, there were demons bustling around from wall to wall, they couldn't even see the throne or Rowena from their position.
He was thinking of that dream he had, two whole years ago, that he had never managed to shake. The image of Cas, emotionless, and unfeeling, not recognizing him.
So they came back with another archangel up their sleeve, who Kevin greeted with fervor and Jody greeted with a glare. Dean was glad to know he wasn't the only one on Jody's never-ending bad side.
Dean spun on his heels and walked toward the entrance of the cafeteria when Lucifer appeared instantly in front of him. Dean rolled his eyes and walked around him, only to be met by him, yet again. “Get out of my way, Luc,” he growled, moving away.
Dean marched back over to the angel and took his hands very forcefully. "Look at me," he said, and then squeezed his hands extra tight when he didn't. "I said look at me!" Cas finally did, but it was obvious he didn't want to meet his gaze. "Cas, you make me happy. This life, our life, makes me happy. I'm not leaving home and I'm not leaving you."
Yes, he was pissed that Dean disappeared yesterday with no explanation, but after Cas' startling confession, he had genuinely been worried that Dean could have been dead.
"Okay, do you guys think that maybe movie night isn't the time for you to be all cute and coupley?" Sam chided as tossed the beers on the bed beside them.
Dean waited a second trying to read Cas's expression, but he was quickly and suddenly tackled in a hug that almost took him to the ground, with Cas latching onto him for dear life.
Fortunately, so did Mia, so she stormed off from where she came. Dean knew too well that this would not be the end of the argument, but he wanted too desperately to get this little mission over with to try and interject.
Ruth’s eyebrows raised, and Dean was glad that his back was to Luc because he had no desire to see his reaction. “But… he’s your friend. Your best friend,” Ruth added, incredibly confused about the sudden change of opinion in Dean, who was usually so defensive of his friends. The fury and determination she had to kill Lucifer fell, only to be replaced by confusion.
Dean didn't want pity, and that was precisely what he was getting. He didn't need it. He had been fine over there, he wasn't tortured or locked in a cage. He didn't receive the fates that any of the archangels had. Sure, he'd been taken from his family, and yes, the first few nights were downright hellish because of the terror and the broken leg and the devil, but he had a family. He had a life, and a responsibility, and an uncomfortable linoleum floor with a roof over his head and archangel keeping him safe.
Sam, glancing between the two's equally furious expressions, and trying to alleviate the tension, chimed in by saying, "I think visiting Jody would be nice, right, Cas?" He glanced over at the angel for support.
But after months and months of that routine, Dean was greeted by Sean and Jody Mills sitting across from him at one of the cafeteria tables.
Lucifer laughed at him. "I'll take 'hmmm' as 'yes, Luc, come in, let's talk, my best and most wonderful friend'," the archangel joked, copying the tired hunter's unintelligible muffled groan.
“You are pathetic. Absolutely, disgustingly pathetic," Ruth repeated bluntly. "I've done everything for you. If you hadn't waited, and if you had just killed Dean Winchester six damn years ago instead of dumping him in an alternate universe, this never would have happened!"
Dean felt sick, finally realizing the conclusion that Mia was subtly trying to get him to draw. "If I don't make it home, Cas isn't going to rest. He's just going to wait." He looked over at Mia, who didn't look surprised at his comment at all. "Amelia Mills was that your reasoning this whole time?! Have you spent the last three years trying to get me home just because you knew that knowing Cas was waiting for me would kill me? That has too many layers. How the hell did you think that far into the future?"
Dean ducked his head sheepishly. "I'm sorry, Cas. I just…" he didn't have an excuse. Cas was right, and Mia was right.
"Ooh, we can say that it was a life or death situation, like some of your old adventures!" Mia exclaimed excitedly. "Maybe I was lured by a siren, or hexed by a witch, or-"
"It was found at the crash site," Cas explained, albeit with very shifty eye contact. "A video of Mia's… birthday party?"
"My father wants you to die here, and he wants the people you have back home to suffer for it, but we can't intervene. But I promise you this, the moment you step foot back in your world, you're free game. You're everyone's public enemy number one." She leaned in forward, menacingly. "It's not just you and your friends against me, hon. Half of the angels here and back home have already been recruited by our father. See, he's been making some promises. And it's not just us you have to worry about. How do you think Hell's doing back where you come from?" This time it was her time to be returned her ugly smug smirk. "What, you thought this was going to be easy? You thought just because you've got the power of friendship and two traitorous, previously isolated old archangels would get you out of this? My father doesn't need to know what you're currently planning to have taken cautionary measures. So be warned, Dean Winchester, give up now. Because if you don't, it won't just be me who's out to get you once you do get home." She turned to face Jody. "And Dean won't be the only one caught in the crossfire."
"Why are you letting me have this?" The archangel asked in awe, studying that old polaroid picture that Dean carried with him every day for six years.
"You look like her mother, you are not actually her mother," Dean reminded her. "You didn't give birth to her, you didn't raise her, and you certainly weren't brutally murdered during a massacre that occurred on her birthday," Dean informed her sternly. He would say anything to help her understand that Mia was not her responsibility.
Obviously, Cas didn't trust Ruth. The two times she met with him she had been vague and condescending, but now having thrown Dean to the wall, he was beginning to think his distrust had been justified, after all, she had been the one to claim she was trying to protect Dean.
His gaze lingered on Cas for a little longer, staring directly into his eyes and avoiding everything else about his face.
After six years, he could finally, finally go home. Finally see his brother again, finally see Cas. They weren't just figures in a photograph that he held onto for fear of forgetting; they would be in front of him; they would be tangible and real.
Raphael raised an eyebrow and glared at Ruth suspiciously. Ruth answered with an indifferent shrug. After all, it wasn’ like her change of heart had anything to do with anyone other than Chuck.
She rushed forward, followed by both a male and female nurse, and they haphazardly shoved the two men out of their way, the nurses trying to push Max down on the bed.
"Dammit, Dean! No! I'm talking about the phone call!" Castiel blurted out in frustration. "The phone call you made when we thought you were dead."
"After… six years, they finally found the final ingredient for creating a rift to send me back here, and Luc made me an offer. He said that I could either just go back home after those six years… or he could send us through time along with the rift. To only twenty-four hours after Chuck stole me from this world. And that's where we are now, I'm sure you can pick up the pieces of what happened in this last week based on that story and what happened a few minutes ago."
Mia was going to say something and ask what he was doing, wondering why he decided to punctuate his thought by squeezing his eyes shut, but any questions she had were answered when Lucifer suddenly appeared by one of the windows.
The only thing in the universe that mattered to Castiel was the happiness of one Dean Winchester. Maybe Sam had the right idea, acting like nothing was wrong, nothing was suspicious. Because if Dean was scared or upset at the idea of being honest with them for whatever reason, Cas wanted to be able to respect that and be patient with him. Because Dean's happiness was the only thing that mattered to him.
"Baby!" Dean shouted, breaking his hand from Cas's to comically hug the hood of the car. Cas rolled his eyes and Sam just laughed, putting his arm around the angel's shoulder. "Oh, how I missed you!" Dean glanced back up at Luc who was leaning nonchalantly against the door, though it was obvious he was proud of himself. "How did you fix her?"
Dean would be the first to admit he had anger issues. He also knew that stopping and slowing down and not blowing up would be a very noticeable personality change. Still, some things had changed about him over the last six years that he wanted to take advantage of, that he couldn't revert back to the way it was before. Not for everything.
“Listen to me Lucifer, you’ll pay for this. I’ll get out of there, and I’ll get my powers back, and it will be the end of the line. Do you hear me?” Lucifer just laughed at him. Chuck turned his head wildly before settling his stare on Dean. “You should have just died, Dean. Why do you never just die?!”
"Dammit," Chuck whispered to himself. He hadn't anticipated the two meeting so quickly, let alone Dean Winchester putting aside his hatred for the Lucifer he already knew. What had he miscalculated?
Lucifer stepped in front of Dean protectively even though he wasn’t in any danger. “You’re done, Chuck,” Lucifer said, staring him down. “Your little reign of terror is over. You lose.”
He looked older. Obviously, he was older, duh, but he just looked… older. Dean couldn't describe it. He was just older now.
As the angels tussled in the air, Cas felt a strange feeling, like an understanding he didn’t have before. He closed his eyes and envisioned the calm scenario that Dean claimed to use to defuse the Bomb. He pictured himself floating on his back on a river, pointing out constellations to Dean who was floating beside him. No Chuck, no Lucifer, no Kevin, no Mia, just the two of them, floating hand in hand. He wanted that world. He needed that world.
Dean immediately jumped onto the bed, face first, and shoved his face into the pillow. "Oh my god," was all he mumbled into the fabric.
"Thank you!" She exclaimed, looking at Raphael with admiration. "And you won't need to give us any of your grace; we have that already. All we need is…" she trailed off as she realized what she had said.
"You want to get out of here, maybe grab a cup of coffee?" Jody interrupted. Sean perked up and nodded with a small smile.
"I hope so," Luc said earnestly. "I'm leaving you with the ingredients for the rift spell. It's probably enough for two, maybe three more roundtrips. So, use them in emergencies. But I hope you'll save one, for your last days on Earth. I want to be there with you, even if we can't live our lives side by side."
There was no plausible explanation for why Dean befriended a witch that Sam and Cas didn't know because it would have taken a large number of encounters for him to look over the "witch" part, and there was no way he had been doing that and managing to hide it from them.
It wasn’t just Dean he was hearing from now, suddenly he heard Kevin and Mia’s voices as well. Mia just seemed worried about Lucifer, but Kevin seemed to be the same boat as Dean, asking for help for Raphael.
"I guess I'm going to have to ask for volunteers. I can't specifically single anyone out for this; they won't want to go." Dean admitted after a moment of resignation.
Dean's expression could only be described as appalled, and Sam and Cas both cowered back a little bit, waiting for The Bomb to go off. This girl had some audacity if she was going to challenge Dean in his own kitchen, especially in the morning.
Max shook his head after hesitating for a moment. He locked eyes with Dean specifically as he answered, "I don't remember anything about the day of the accident."
Lucifer and Mia's excitement quickly shifted to guilt, which only made Dean and Kevin more frustrated. Mia turned to Dean and took a deep breath. "As you know, as per the terms of our deal, for the last three years, I have been researching ways to get you home. And I haven't been… incredibly… successful, but I have been making progress.
Before Max could ask why Dean wanted the stranger left out and yell at him for trying to keep this insanity a secret, the girl spoke up for the first time. "I want to have a word with Max. Alone."
But there he was. The stranger had his hand stretched to the sky weakly, and dear god, he was in a state.
Castiel loved the stories he knew about creation, so he began to talk about one that Sam pointed out, but he wasn't looking at the stars; he was looking at Dean, who was looking at the stars.
Sam curled his fists in frustration. "But even if that's true, if he had ample time to meet Mia back then, six years ago, why lie about it?"
"We hunted together with my dad back when you were in college, Sammy." Dean settled on that excuse, hoping it was a safe bet. He couldn't in good conscience bring up any of the times that the two were fighting because he wasn't sure if how long they were separated would constitute meeting a hunter and becoming attached enough to come running when she was in danger.
When she was little, her mother used to take her to a park just like this one, a park with lots of trees and a view of the lake, and they would sit on the bench watching the birds and the people, and they would name them and make up little stories about them.
As they approached the waterfall, they could clearly see the large cave opening behind it, but the water was pouring into a drop-off below, and it was a tricky order of steps to stay pressed to the rocks and not hurtle to the ground from the height of a skyscraper.
He certainly had other things to worry about, but they could wait. All he wanted to do was eat his breakfast with his family and Mia, and feel grateful for Max's kindness at the hospital yesterday.
But no matter how this man knew him so quickly, he knew he couldn't have a normal conversation with him until he was healed, and his mind became clearer, so he settled on an admission and a negotiation instead. "If you truly know who I am, then you know that I am not the evil figure the populous believed me to be." He reasoned, once more crouching down to be level with the man but not moving closer yet.
Ruth's hands were fists, and her eyes flashed blue, the shadows of her wings stretching across the trees behind them. Dean ignored Jody's small gasp of amazement and wondered, briefly, if Luc had ever shown her, or anybody besides Dean really, his wings.
“Yeah, I drove in college, Dean. It’s been like ten years!” he argued, but nevertheless he did so while putting the car into gear. Kevin understood why Dean had put him in the front, he needed to be in the back, making sure Raphael stayed alive, and everyone knew that Kevin was horrible under pressure.
"It's like, a piece of frozen lightning, or something. It's gold, and hovering above the ground, shining and moving around a bit."
Lucifer was hurt, but only more confused at the clarity with which the stranger said that insult to him. Everything he had been saying, however truthful it was to him, was clouded by his slight deliria. But that line, it was said with no shortage of awareness and lucidity.
Sam shook his head. "No, he recently lost both his mother and sister. Those are the only family members I know of."
Last call for Max! Also, we're getting close to the end! I'm almost finished writing the story, and once I do I will be able to for sure post every night, so don't be alarmed if I skip a day, I am not giving up on this story :))))))))
This time when the stranger didn't respond, Lucifer felt his first real annoyance with him. This was serious, this was a big deal, and his curiosity was through the roof, but the stranger just stared at him blankly.
Dean had wondered where they were and what they were doing. True, he seldom left the base and the forest it was located in, but you'd think that he'd see at least one demon in his six year stay, one single rogue demon, but nothing.
Maybe there was a reason that a man who managed to travel through worlds just so happened to travel here. While this world was in the process of being ravaged by Purgatory souls.
Dean had managed a feat no one else could eleven months ago. He managed to get Amelia Mills to back down from her incessant need to fight monsters and help out. For the last year since, she had been staying inside, reading and researching and writing, completely safe and out of harm's way. It was the perfect solution, and all Dean had to do was promise to be honest with a certain angel when the time (which may never plausibly come) came.
That last one made him just a bit unsettled as he recalled both his high-fever vamp fighting in the cabin and the lessons and facts that the ghost of his brother taught him in the woods.
"Stupider than walking into Raphael's cave when my only backup was Mia Mills? I think I've done all the stupid I can do today," Dean responded with a laugh, standing up and heading for the entrance.
Part of him, the more childish part that remembered his own Jody hugging him and calling him and Sam "her boys," wanted to shake her and scream her name. But the Dean who recognized that this was the Jody Mills that didn't like him all that much, who only referred to him as "Winchester," kept him grounded in reality.
God, he was delirious and dying and overheated and exhausted, and now apparently haunted by the ghosts of his family.
"Sam, the Impala is back in the garage…" he trailed off as he locked eyes with Dean. "Dean!" He exclaimed, sounding excited, and he began down the stairs.
He had cried before, he was very in touch with his human-like emotions, especially around Dean, but he hadn't been expecting his little glance into the other timeline to be as emotionally taxing as it had been.
“I want you to understand what he said!” Sam sounded offended, and he partially was, on Dean’s behalf. ‘What if you’re wrong, Cas, about him being alive, and you spend the rest of your life lying about what his last words to you were? That wouldn’t be fair to him.”
"Ah, thank you," she dismissed the man and turned her attention to the visitors. "Mr. Banes is in pretty bad condition. At the moment, I cannot say with clarity that he will recover. We aren't sure how his accident occurred as there were no other cars at the scene, but there was a single witness who thought she saw someone standing by the wreckage."
These days he only got to complain about the weather on his weekly camping trips, but it wasn't as fun as it used to be back home.
Jody stared at her, confused, but then three figures appeared in the room out of nowhere. Two she had seen earlier, the archangel Raphael and the undead Kevin Tran, but Raphael brought with him another person.
Putting her own reasons for not wanting to see the video aside, this wouldn’t necessarily be subtle. They would see Jody Mills talking about her daughter Mia, they would see Dean with Lucifer, and they would see the ghosts of Raphael and Kevin. Mia didn’t want to steal Dean’s moment, to tell the truth, and she planned on avoiding it as much as humanly possible, but there were some things she couldn’t just bullshit a lie about. Not to mention she needed Dean and Lucifer back as soon as possible.
Dean exclaimed that he didn't need help, multiple times for good effect, so they shrugged at each other, pushed past him, and disappeared down one of the halls.
Three people sat on a triangle made of their cots on the ground, their legs inside the confines of the shape they made as they chattered away, stopping to look at Dean coming through the door.
The rest of the night was excellent. Dean laughed and danced and even got a little drunk for once in a long time. Kevin and Jesse still sang Man in the Mirror, except it was acapella to prove a point, which was so much worse. Hanna and Delia, the team leaders Dean so often worked with alongside Kevin and Jesse, got very, very drunk and tossed Raphael back and forth while they were dancing, which was great entertainment for the rest of them.
He put the phone on speaker, and the two brothers just sat, drinking their coffee, listening to it ring.
"The key to Gabriel's cage is the final object we need to defeat Chuck," Dean explained. "But if Ruth has it… I don't know," he glanced over at Kevin. He didn't want to put Kevin in any more danger. He had assumed that Kevin wasn't in danger, at least not any more than usual, but now that he knew Ruth was running things, this wouldn't be the milk run he'd been hoping for.
Lucifer started to understand. "So you're worried that he's going to do something to your friend because there is no way for your family to live in confusion if he tells them what he saw."
Jody nodded a minuscule amount, and Mia stepped out of the way, backing up to stand next to Kevin and Raph against the wall.
Then, after that, he would need allies. He was sure there were some around; after all, in a world of humans at war with monsters, it might even be easier to make some friends with a common mindset. If he just got some resources and some allies, he could start coming up with an actual plan.
Mia and Dean have a mountainside heart-to-heart about Dean's side of their deal, and Raphael makes a very generous offer
"Yeah, but he's cool. Most angels you meet aren't like him at all, they have sticks up their asses, and they see people like they're bugs. And they're super powerful. Almost all aren't as powerful as Luc, but they still pack more of a punch than any of these Purgatory monsters."
She opened the door again and let the four of them stumble through, everyone seemingly wanting to go in at the same time. "Let's only have two at a time, please!" She protested, halting them in their tracks.
Cas smiled at her proudly and sent Dean a childish glare that just made the hunter laugh through his mouthful of chicken. God, Mia wanted Dean to uphold his side of their deal sooner rather than later because the two were just so perfect.
Castiel shot up from his bed, distressed and panicking, wondering where Dean went and why he wasn't in the river anymore, but he settled as he felt the edges of his coat and realized that he was completely dry.
As he pushed on, he thought about his options. Currently, he had zero options. He had a broken leg, no car, and no right way to defend himself. But if he could just get to a car and hotwire it, maybe he could get to the bunker, beg this world's Sam and Dean for help creating a rift back home.
Lucifer blinked his eyes open to see Dean, now standing directly in front of him with his hands on the archangel's shoulders, staring at him with concern.
He felt Cas's hands on his face, holding it up and trying to get Dean to look at him, and Dean took in a deep shaky breath, trying to spare his dignity. He only felt worse as he saw that Cas looked scared.
