Sam frowned a little and opened his mouth to speak again, but Dean ruffled his hair and cut him off, “Don’t you have somewhere to be? Go on before I change my mind about letting you go,” Dean told him.
“I should go pick up Sam,” Castiel said, his voice huskier than he would have liked. He looked just about everywhere except for Dean, because if he looked at him right then, he was sure he would have fallen right into those green eyes of his and never climbed out again. It was better this way. Dean had needed to be comforted, and he had done that. He had to draw the line somewhere, because there was no telling how far Dean would let things go in order to make himself feel better. Castiel had dealt with enough broken people to know that. And if Sam was around, then there would be no chance that this would happen again. Which was both a relief and a disappointment.
Castiel opened his eyes and found himself staring into a pair of familiar green ones. It took him a moment to realize who they belonged to, and he sucked in a sharp breath when it hit him, “Coffee, black, two shots espresso,” he said in a rush. Immediately, he wanted to kick himself.
“Dean, that isn’t what I meant and you know it. You just…” Castiel’s eyes were fixed to his, like he could find whatever it was that he wanted to say in them. “You’re so beautiful,” he said finally.
Castiel rolled his eyes and sighed, “I’ll be sure to remember to shave the next time we have impromptu sex.”
Sam’s brows furrowed. “What? No, I’ll see him tonight. I’m almost more excited about telling him I saw you than I was about telling him I got into Stanford.”
Gladys needed to be fired and they both knew it, but neither of them had the heart (or the guts) to break it to a chain-smoking old lady that she was too slow to clean the rooms anymore, so Dean usually picked up her slack without issue.
“These things are going to kill you, you know,” Dean said softly as he handed the lighter back to him.
“We weren't swimming naked, Dean. I'd just rather we come prepared than not.” Nevermind the fact that if skinny-dipping had been what had occurred, Castiel was sure they'd be having a very different conversation right then.
Dean lifted his chin a bit as he looked at the bike from where he was on the creeper before he finally got up to take a closer look. Castiel dropped his kickstand and immediately reached for his cigarettes in the front pocket of his shirt. He needed lighter fluid, so it took him a couple tries, but he eventually got it lit, and was puffing away before Dean even made it over to him.
Now that they were out, he itched to smoke again, and he ran his palms along his thighs to quell the urge as he remembered Dean’s reprimand when he had initially brought his bike to the shop. Dean sighed heavily and ran a perfect hand through his sun-kissed strands, and Castiel had never wanted him more.
Dean set aside the dish he had just finished drying and cocked a skeptical brow at him, “You wanna try that again? I just gave you everything a man could ask for—mind blowing sex and a full, sort of warm brunch—and you look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“All right, now that’s settled,” Gabriel broke the tension, his brows lifted, “What say we go find ourselves a party? Ingrid’s gotta break her jacket in, and I’m overdue for a good sloshing.” There was a cheer, and even Castiel couldn’t help but look amused. He wanted to beg off and slink back to his apartment where he could be alone with his thoughts about Dean and everything that had gone on that day, but he had already arrived late, so he needed to make an effort for another hour or so before he could plausibly excuse himself.
It took Castiel a moment to realize that Sam had probably asked him a question. He did that sometimes. Just zoned out and forgot where he was or who he was with. He wasn’t sure if it was better or worse than the nightmares. He supposed that if he never slept with anyone again no one ever had to know about the nightmares.
“Look, are you gonna spend all day whining about a fork, or do you want  to talk about how we’re going to keep this place from bankrupting us in the next six months?”
“I missed you too,” Dean whispered against his ear. He ran his hands back and forth through Castiel’s already unruly hair, kissed the shell of his ear. “I’m not letting you go again,” he tilted Castiel’s head up and gave him a brief kiss as he reached down to unzip his pants.
Before she leaves, she turns and says, “You can talk to me or Garth about … whatever happened between you and Cas, if you want.”
The name awakened a previously repressed knot of dread in the pit of Dean’s stomach. “She did the spell. She rose the witnesses.”
“Uh – yeah.” His hands felt numb. He wasn’t sure what to say. “Uh, that’s – great. That’s great, Cas, I’m happy for you. Have a baguette for me or whatever.” He winced.
The next thing he knows, there’s a burst of light invading his pleasant dream, forcing him into consciousness.
After he finishes his movie, he finally makes lunch. He isn’t even really hungry anymore, he just can’t think of something better to do. He makes an elaborate grilled cheese, using whatever they happen to have in the fridge.
“See?” murmured Cas, and there was a smile in his voice. Dean lifted his head to look at him, and Cas tilted Dean’s head back by his hold on his hair, careful and deliberate, though he encountered no resistance from Dean. His hand moved to cup the underside of Dean’s jaw, the touch on the sensitive skin there making him shiver, and he kissed him.
He realized that was the weight that had been lifted from him – the weight of all those words. Dean realized that he had desperately wanted to tell Cas – wanted him to
It dawned on him then, seeing Cas look at him like that, that Cas really loved him. He, Dean, was wholly, truly loved by an angel – albeit a partially human angel. And it didn’t matter if he deserved it or not; Cas loved him anyway. Even after everything.
Dean had already finished his, and without a word, he reached out to take the popsicle stick from Cas, who handed it to him with some surprise. He threw them both away and came back to sit in the chair next to Cas instead the one he had been using previously, feeling warm and mildly out of control.
It was always at this point that he could no longer move or speak, and so he watched as Castiel brought the blade down in a smooth trajectory, almost robotic in its flawlessness. Clean and pure as it plunged into Dean’s chest, knocking him violently backwards with its momentum.
They were sitting on separate benches at a park in the small town. One of the seals had broken yesterday. Samhain.
And suddenly he realized he wasn’t in Purgatory at all, but on the floor of Lucifer’s crypt, watching the angel blade begin its orbit towards him, because he hadn’t been able to fight Cas, hadn’t been strong enough. Because instead of throwing a punch, he’d just opened his mouth and said,
Cas’ lips quirked ever so slightly, which Dean found infuriating. He said mildly, “Okay. We’ll leave tomorrow morning?”
Cas felt uncomfortable. “I, uh…” He trailed off. “My superiors have begun to question my sympathies.”
Dean tried to sound more convincing. “That’s all that happened.” He wasn’t even lying, he thought, irritated. Why did it feel like he was lying?
“No, no,” Dean panted. “It’s okay, it’s just…really good, Cas.” The curve of Cas’s flushed lips, the dark fan of his eyelashes – he really was devastatingly beautiful.
That’s what he was thinking as he got ready to leave for what was sure to be the most painful road trip he’d ever experienced, and that was including the one when he had to drive five hours back to the motel with a broken arm and a nasty ghoul bite.
. The same sensation, still shocking even after all this time, that he’d felt years ago when Angel of the Lord Castiel had said those words to him:
Dean’s brain tried to short-circuit at Cas’ proximity but he was again struck by the peculiarity of Cas using language and phrases he'd certainly picked up from somewhere – most likely Dean himself, and it was the combination of the two that caused Dean to spit, unthinking, "I'm not
The bartender refilled their glasses and Dean mutely pushed one over to Cas after draining his own. “Cas,” he said abruptly. He felt very warm.
He wasn’t sure what exactly it was that he wanted until Cas leaned in and kissed him, and he realized,
Dean had meant to kiss him gently, lovingly again, saying all the things he wanted to say, but as Cas kissed him back, his hands pulling at Dean until they were pressed together intoxicatingly close, Dean forgot he had anything to say at all, focused only on the noises Cas was making now and the movement of his mouth against Dean’s, and the kisses began to get frantic, out of control, almost sloppy. The warmth in Dean’s chest had turned into outright heat, spreading throughout his body irresistibly like liquor. His mouth seemed to open of its own accord, his tongue touching Cas’s lips, which parted for him hungrily.
He stops at his dorm first, to shower quickly, chug some coffee, and change his clothes, and then he’s out, walking the short distance to Cas’ dormitory on the other side of campus. He’s fully sober by now, and is surprised to find that he still has the courage to do what he’s going to do, isn’t even tempted at the thought of giving up and going home.
“I love you,” he told him, so close his lips almost brushed Castiel’s again as he spoke. Cas looked at him with his eyes wide, his face flushed but so open and full of wonder that it made Dean’s heart ache. He made a noise low in his throat, his hands tangled in the front of Dean’s shirt, and pulled him in again.
He’d told Sam that he and Cas were dating. But to everyone else – including Cas, and including Dean himself, they were “friends with benefits.”
Dean starts to respond but stops, thinking about it, casting back through his memory, through the past several months to yesterday afternoon:
Dean and Cas both laughed in the quiet of the kitchen, Cas’ hands slipping away from Dean, and then the moment was gone.
Dean felt himself flush warm all over. “Okay,” he said, trying to gather up his suddenly scattered focus. “My turn.”
Cas hesitated for a split second, his face carefully guarded. “It’s going to be okay, Dean.” Cas slammed the door and got into the front seat. “You’ll be okay,” he repeated, pulling out his phone.
“Can’t stand what, Dean?” Cas finally succeeded in piling Dean into the backseat of the Impala, and now he stood in front of the door with the sunset turning the sky the color of fire behind him.
“Okay, yeah, I give up.” Dean turned to face him, amused. Cas’ gaze on him made him feel simultaneously vulnerable and warm.
He remembered Cas hitting him in Lucifer’s crypt, the crack of breaking bone. He remembered letting him do it rather than fight his best friend. He remembered pleading with him –
“No.” She looked between him and Cas, her eyes narrowing. “Why are you asking me so many questions about my grandmother?”
He was touching Cas back now, wanting to feel him, getting frustrated at the sheer amount of clothes Cas was wearing. He tugged at the coat, trying to push it off his shoulders. Cas entirely ignored him, instead beginning to nip at and suck Dean's lower lip. From there he moved to the sensitive, vulnerable skin under Dean’s jaw, kissing and gently biting, his tongue hot on Dean's skin. It was borderline unholy.
But then he hears the musical jingle of the door chain and the click of the lock, sees the doorknob turning, and then Cas is opening the door.
He went to the kitchen to find Castiel before he lost his nerve. The angel was making a PB&J, frowning in concentration. He licked strawberry jelly off the knife as Dean watched.
Breathing in cool night air that smelled faintly of stale cigarette smoke, Dean leaned against the peeling paint of the wall and dialed. He counted four rings before Sam picked up.
Dean darted a look at Cas, who wasn’t looking at him, but a small smile quirked the corner of his mouth.
– my dad asked me to do, and I couldn’t even do that.” The words surged from him like a river overflowing its banks and Dean realized he was drunker than he’d thought. Drinking on an empty stomach, he thought. Not a good idea.
“Okay,” Dean said slowly. He was grudgingly impressed. “Okay. This is something.” He took a contemplative sip of coffee. “So… how do we do it?”
Dean felt like he was speaking through a mouthful of cotton. “Please don’t leave.” The silver sparks began to threaten at the edges of his vision.
And sometimes when they watched movies on movie night (Dean maintained that movie nights commenced regardless of who was home), there would be a moment during the credits where Dean was sleepy and relaxed, Cas beside him, where he would have to fight the urge to lay his head on Cas’s shoulder and close his eyes. Once he even did fall asleep on the couch during Die Hard 3 and woke up to find that he was pressed against Cas and perilously close to drooling on him. He’d jerked awake and retreated, apologizing, to the other side of the couch, while Cas had looked quite unperturbed, which made Dean feel even stranger.
Or sometimes when Cas came into the garage with a beer to give Dean while he worked on the car, and Dean's fingers would brush Cas’s knuckles for a millisecond while he took it, and it would feel like the air was oddly thick with words neither of them were saying.
Cas looked doubtful, still concerned, so Dean tugged him back in with a hand around the back of his neck, causing him to smile faintly against Dean's mouth – a smile that quickly turned to a sigh when Dean licked into his mouth the same way he'd done to him, pressing their tongues together to taste him.
Cas touched him on the forehead and Dean, suddenly feeling like his whole body was being encased in a warm glow, involuntarily closed his eyes. For a split second as the many aches and stings, cuts and bruises on Dean’s body healed themselves, he had the curious sensation that part of Castiel was in him, putting him back together from the inside out, almost intimate in the strangest way. Dean felt intensely uncomfortable. When the glow faded and Cas removed his hand, Dean cleared his throat self-consciously. “Thanks.” He made for the door and stopped as the angel made to follow him. “Look, buddy, I appreciate you healing me and all, but I’m about to go get hammered in a shitty bar instead of dealing with my problems and I’d rather do it alone. If you don’t mind.”
“Okay.” Sam sounded unsure and Dean felt a stab of guilt. “It just feels like there’s something you’re not telling me.”
“How much?” Dean asked loudly, and her eyes snapped back to his. She told him and he paid, then went to retrieve Cas. He neglected to mention the conversation to him.
When the kid shrugged and agreed, Dean tapped Cas on the shoulder, waited until he turned around, and asked him the same. Cas had smiled and said, “Sure. I’m Castiel.”
Jarred out of stasis, a pencil began rolling towards the end of the table. It was nearly at the edge, gaining momentum for its daring escape, when Cas caught it and replaced it. He walked over to Dean, who remained where he was.
This seemed to be enough for Cas, who nodded and turned to look out the window. He started to rattle off rapid-fire guesses, one after another. “The sky is blue. That sign is blue. That vehicle with the broken mirror is blue. There’s a nest of starlings in that tree.” He pointed, glancing back over his shoulder to make sure Dean was looking. “One of them is blue.”
When, a few minutes later, Cas left the house and got into the passenger seat, Dean didn’t say anything. Cas didn’t attempt to talk to him. His lips were pressed into a thin line, his arms crossed across his chest.
The sky was getting dark by the time they got back to the Blue Moon Motel, the air thick with tension. Cas slammed the car door and Dean followed suit, his head buzzing with a white noise that threatened to drown out all other sounds. He had the impression of a pot of boiling water set on a too-hot burner, about to overflow, and as soon as they were inside the motel room, Cas was already whirling to face him, the lapels of his trenchcoat flapping wildly. He was the angriest Dean had ever seen him – like a painting of holy wrath come to life.
He was right. The room was now spinning heartily, and Dean was craving a cheeseburger. He craned his neck to look at Cas. The lights overhead seemed to wreath Castiel in a golden glow, causing Dean to have to squint against the glare. Behind him, a song played over the speakers, some of the words floating back to him.
Dean hates the term. It seems to imply some kind of flippant, nonchalant attitude that he’d never managed to actually achieve, and at this point it just feels kind of insultingly inaccurate.
It fades as he wakes up and then he’s alone again. He’d left the window open all night and the room is cold from the autumn chill, the tip of his nose numb.
After the second hour was up, Dean was feeling quite sure he would be in the fraction of people who don’t survive the cure. He was shivering, sweaty, and his stomach hurt like he had been stabbed. His head was still aching, but at least it didn’t seem to have gotten worse.
By unspoken agreement, they broke apart to continue doggedly to the motel room, only to stop again a few minutes later when Dean tugged Cas to a stop for a second time. They only made it a couple more feet before stopping for a third, longer break - this time a mutual decision - which Dean thought should really just be considered part of the second break.
Castiel trained his sad, ancient eyes on him in a look that scared him. “It’s not blame that falls on you, Dean,” he said. “It’s fate. The righteous man who begins it is the only one who can finish it.” He let out a breath, his face lit with significance in the dim hospital room. “
At first it was good – too good. So good he began to feel doubtful. Was he dreaming? No – that was the edge of the table digging into his side, that was the sweat on the back of his neck from the heat. And that was the sweet taste of vanilla on Cas’ lips, his hand on Dean’s thigh, and the clean smell of his hair. He was definitely, definitely awake.
Dean froze. He turned around to see Cas staring at his hands, still curled around the warm cardboard of the coffee cup. Without looking at Dean, he continued, “That you have to drive. Because I can’t fly us there.”
to see him. Every part of him – every flaw and insecurity and broken piece, everything he tried to hide.
More than once, Dean turned onto a side road that ended in a dead end and had to backtrack to the main road. Meanwhile, Cas squinted at a map he’d pulled out of the Impala’s glove compartment that Dean was fairly certain didn’t even have Philadelphia on it and was also probably from the 80’s.
“Not really.” Dean exhaled heavily. “It seemed like they didn’t know anything about the grandma, and they would know everything the real Adelaide knew, so I guess that means the trip would’ve been a bust even if she’d been alive.”
Dean plunged ahead regardless. “In 1887, a Man of Letters performed an exorcism on your grandmother. Do you know how he did it?”
Cas something – something important – but he couldn’t quite remember what. He squeezed his eyes shut through the ache in his head, listening to Cas’s hurried footsteps throughout the bunker as he gathered the ingredients for the cure. A loud
“Yeah.” She shrugs, apparently giving up on him to go look for something in her room. “Just go to the dining hall.”
Dean feels his face heating up. "Do I want - no, I don't want to talk about – there’s nothing to talk about!" He closes his eyes tightly. "It doesn't matter, it's fine."
It was only when he felt the blood rising in his throat, hot and thick and choking, that it finally began to hurt.
Slowly he became aware of a presence. He walked to the kitchen, where Castiel stood watching him. He squinted at him. “How long have you been there?”
The words were tumbling out of his mouth faster with each one, faster than he could think them, as dangerous as jagged shards of glass, but he couldn't stop. "Because I fucking love you, you bastard,” he said, realizing it as he said it. “I love you and I hate that. But I don't hate you, Cas." He laughed bitterly, abruptly drained. "I don't think I'm even capable of hating you."
“Everybody’s dying these days,” Dean spat. “And hey, I get it, you’re all-powerful! You can make me do whatever you want, right? But
“Why break the seal anyway?” Dean had an inkling that he wouldn’t like the answer, but he asked anyways.
Dean is pissed off now - or at least, it feels like he is. His heart is beating too hard and too fast, and his face feels hot, while his hands feel oddly cold. He’s sweating through his t-shirt.
Speaking for the first time since Dean had arrived, Cas added, “It’s similar to a collection of case studies. Each section is a different experiment.”
Dean pulled back to look him in the face, his hands trailing down Cas’ arms to hold onto his wrists as if he might disappear. Before he could say anything, Cas had brought a hand up to touch Dean’s face. To rest his fingertips on Dean’s cheekbone, the pad of his thumb on the delicate skin under Dean’s eye. Dean leaned into the touch with a shuddering breath, and Cas’ fingertips drifted down to brush over his lower lip, tracing its outline. His eyes were dark, rapt, and Dean was holding his breath, unable to speak, as Cas leaned forward to replace the touch of his hand with his mouth.
He turns to Dean and says, “Can I buy you a drink?” He has a low voice and a Louisiana accent that draws Dean’s attention immediately.
Cas was quiet. He seemed to understand even before Dean himself that Dean wasn’t talking about the apocalypse – not really. And Dean continued, unable to stop himself, “I couldn’t save Sam. He died, and I didn’t get there in time. I couldn’t protect him. And now I can’t protect him from Ruby. Every time I try, it just pushes him further away from me. The one thing –
He found the book surprisingly easily – he’d thought he would have to hunt for it, but it was just on a side table in the main room. He located the page with the spell. It identified the spell at the top as the
Dean faces no such obstacles, since he’s of age and the bartender knows him well enough by now to know this, so he doesn’t bother to ID him when he orders a drink.
“Um, T equals… k… times T?” That didn’t sound right. “Minus y or something?” Dean looked hopefully at Cas, who was wincing.
He looks down to see a few empty beer bottles rolling away, having just knocked them over as he got out of bed. Apparently his drunk self had placed them next to his bed to make them as hard to avoid as possible? He isn’t sure. One of them had broken in half upon impact with his foot, taking its revenge in a shallow slice across the top of said foot.
“I don’t think that would work,” Cas answered seriously. Frowning, he brought the mug to his chapped lips. Dean noticed there wasn’t any steam rising off of the coffee anymore – it was cold.
He sent the command to his feet to move, and eventually, he found himself standing near the Winchesters—Sam, and half a foot of space between himself and Dean.
He finished tucking his shirt in and headed back toward the truck without waiting for either of the Winchesters. If Dean wanted to play the tease and show off all of his perfect glory, Castiel didn't have to subject himself to it.
He pulled his shirt over his head as he walked through the door of his room, and nearly stumbled back out of it again when he found Dean sleeping in his bed. Castiel bit his tongue to keep from swearing out loud and went to peek around the rest of the apartment again in case he had missed Sam somewhere. He hadn’t. Dean was the only one there.
Sam pressed his lips together in that way that made his dimples stand out unflatteringly, and sighed through his nose, “Fine. Whatever. Just make sure you put it back after you wash it.” He rolled his shoulders and ran his hands over his hair, “So, then, what’s the plan? We just keep going until we make some money and hope we don’t burn half our guests to a crisp in the process? Or do we spend whatever we have left, and hope we can make it all back before the bank comes for us?”
He left the room and Castiel did as he was told. He still felt unsettled in spite of Dean’s assurance that he wasn’t leaving him. He wanted him to talk to him. It was almost as scary as the thought of losing him, but he knew which one he preferred. He could try.
Castiel opened his eyes and stared at the little clock next to his bed. He was twenty-nine years old. It was his birthday, the first one he would be having since he’d arrived home from the time he’d spent reporting in Vietnam, and the first one he’d be having in the company of Sam and Dean Winchester. He didn’t usually celebrate his birthday, or at least he hadn’t since he had moved to Philadelphia in the summer of 1956, and if things had gone on as they had been after that move, he probably never would have celebrated another one for as long as he lived. But he had already been told by Dean that he absolutely would be celebrating this year, no arguments. And of course, Castiel had offered none. Because he was terribly in love with him, and also because he was curious.
“Hey, Dean, what'd Bobby say to you earlier? When he kicked me out.” Sam floated on his back while he listened for the answer, which meant only Castiel caught the way Dean's features clouded before he answered.
He thinks, as they recite their vows and exchange rings, that he’s never seen his brother like this. Sure, he’s always been quick with a joke, or to brush off the things that bother him, but this is different. He looks happy. Really happy. Dean’s staring at Cas like he hung the moon, just completely starry-eyed and besotted, and although Cas isn’t quite as obvious about it, he looks just as in love.
Despite wanting to toss it in the nearest trash bin, Castiel made it into his room with it wadded in his fist. He dropped the napkin onto his nightstand and undressed for bed. He had no intention of calling, but for whatever reason, he didn’t like the idea of just throwing it away. He guessed it was the earnest way Sam had looked at him when he'd handed it over, but it could have just as easily been the fact that throwing away one more thing that tied him to Dean felt a little too close to acknowledging the way he had just cut him loose.
“Look, I don’t think they’re gonna show,” this from Gabe, who was more concerned with the pretty blonde he had hanging off him than the race they had set up with some of Lucky Morningstar’s boys.
Castiel felt his heart sink in his chest. He dreaded this conversation. Despite Dean’s reassurances that he wanted him, there was always a tiny part of Castiel that told him he wasn’t good enough for someone like Dean, that eventually he’d wake up and realize he was tired of him.
Dean grinned, though it was softer than usual, almost shy, and he leaned in for another kiss before he made himself pull away, “All right, all right, Cas-anova go get ready, you tease. I don’t think Sam is gonna appreciate it if we get going in the kitchen. And I don’t want to deal with the clean-up. You’d better bring a jacket, it’s kinda cool out.”
But he likes being… Cas. Off stage, no lights, no makeup, no fans vying for his attention. Dean is really the only person who ever calls him “Cas” but he likes it. He’s liked it for as long as he’s known him.
“Because,” Castiel drew back from him, and his eyes were wet and determined, “You’re always doing things for me, or getting me things. I haven’t managed to do anything or give you anything worth half of what you’ve given me, and it’s not right.”
Castiel smiles almost lazily, “You make us sound like saints. Like angels.” He reaches out and lets his hand settle on top of Dean’s wrist, draws his fingers down over his knuckles as he leans forward, “I like the way you see it though. You remind me of why I like flying.”
Dean hated the pained look on Sam’s face, like he couldn’t believe he’d never realized how much Dean kept inside. He wasn’t supposed to know. If Cas hadn’t shown up again, he never would have. Dean would have gone on pretending everything was fine, because it was. Maybe not as fine as it could be, but he didn’t have a terrible life, and he liked being with his brother.
When he opened his eyes again, Dean was staring at him, his eyes catching in the light that fell through the window. He looked a little less furious than he had before.
“Well, I guess, if a gentleman’s asking me, I can’t very well refuse to give my name,” he teased. He held out one hand for Castiel to take, “Dean Winchester. Nice to meet you.” He bit his lower lip and looked at him expectantly.
Castiel squinted at him and tilted his head as he searched his face for any sign of familiarity, which he found almost immediately in the dimples of his cheeks, when he offered him an apologetic smile.
“Well, come on,” he headed for the garage and Castiel followed after him like the lost lamb he was. He just wasn’t sure if Dean was a wolf or a shepherd.
“So, you can smile,” Dean sounded pleased too. “I thought you were afraid your face might break if you did,” he teased.
Castiel pressed his lips together and frowned, "I… missed you. I think I wanted you to know that I never stopped thinking of you if something-"
When Sam noticed his approach, he tossed his ball to Dean, and met Castiel before he reached the car. “Hey, Cas! You made it. I was excited when Dean told me he invited you to come along. When it’s just us I’m stuck listening to whatever he puts on the radio. Even if it’s awful.” Sam grinned at him and moved his hair from his face.
He left the room and Castiel did as he was told. He still felt unsettled in spite of Dean’s assurance that he wasn’t leaving him. He wanted him to talk to him. It was almost as scary as the thought of losing him, but he knew which one he preferred. He could try.
“What?! Dean, don’t tease!” It came out as more of a yelp than Castiel had meant, and he fumbled to get to his feet and do up his fly again as Dean laughed, and waited for him to get himself together before taking off, shirtless, across the field.
“Yeah,” Sam smiled apologetically, “Sorry about that. I just really couldn’t believe it was you. There I was, out and about, and then there you were. And I wasn’t sure it was you at first, but then you turned around and I just knew that it was you. I got excited.”
Castiel pressed his lips together and reached for his Luckies. Part of him wanted to tell her everything. How much he wanted Dean. How they had kissed twice, but nothing had come of it. How nothing could come of it.  How he must have a girlfriend named ‘Mary’ off at school somewhere since he never saw her, and Dean never spoke about her. But he didn’t. He had just apologized for being distracted, and if he admitted all of that, not only would she probably think he was losing his mind, but she’d never believe he was going to try and straighten up. He didn’t want to risk upsetting things when he had just barely managed to set them right.
Dean opened the jar and wrapped an arm around Castiel’s neck, still carefully balanced on his knees above him, and close enough that Castiel couldn’t help but rest his hands on Dean’s hips. “I thought you were cute, and I wanted to talk to you again.” He wrapped petroleum slick fingers around Castiel and worked him slowly.
Dean climbed up next to him and pressed his forehead against Castiel’s, “Then I’ll make it so you never forget again. Do you have… anything with you?”
Unfortunately for him, relief looks like bright blue eyes under a shock of wild, dark hair. He’s strong and sure, and there’s something absolutely captivating about him, something brilliant and gorgeous about the way he looks when he flies from one side of the room to the other on a wire that doesn’t look like it should be able to support his weight.
“Is Dean fixing your car?” Sam asked as Castiel hung up the phone. He reached for a cigarette, but thought better of it, and pressed his thumb and forefinger to his temples in frustration.
“No smoking,” Dean warned as Castiel settled himself next to Sam and closed the door behind him. He started the engine, and the radio crackled to life, some rock n’ roll song Castiel had never heard coming through. “Where to?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “I think you’re mis-remembering. I was the delinquent. You were… a nice, hard-working, square of a mechanic. With a penchant for public displays. I just didn’t know it until after you had already seduced me, and it was too late to save myself.”
so much. Castiel can see the tears brimming his eyes, and he’s never been more sure of anything in his life. He’d give every second, every cent of it up if it means he gets to hold Dean Winchester in his arms every night for the rest of his life.
Castiel swallowed back the memories, “I noticed you… a long time before that.” Moments later, he felt Dean drop kisses along his shoulders. He closed his eyes and bowed his head, “Dean,” he whispered hoarsely. “Please.” He wasn’t sure whether he wanted more or for him to stop altogether.
Castiel tilts his head, nods, “More or less. My family is a circus family. We have done little else since the circus began. My great-grandfather bred horses for the first major circus in Hungary. One of my sisters, you probably saw her, does the trick riding. The rest of us, trapeze. But tell me, what is it you do?”
“Don’t let him fool you,” Sam had turned in his seat and jerked his head in the direction of the other matching chair for Castiel to take a seat. “Dean just loves pie. Doesn’t matter what kind. I banned him from making anything pie related more than three times a month. Otherwise, he’d make it all the time, and I’d turn into a pie myself. But, I guess maybe he found a loophole since we’re here and all.” Sam rolled his eyes, and Castiel moved to take his seat.
“I have a ride coming,” Castiel said, noting how little space there was between the doorframe and Dean’s body. There was no way he would be able to get by without touching him if he didn’t move first, so despite him stating that his ride was on the way, Castiel didn’t move an inch.
“Floor it,” was Castiel’s only response as Gabriel dropped his arms sharply to signal the start of their race. The car lurched forward, Anna swore, and they were both off. Castiel kept his eyes on The Devils’ car, while Anna focused on pushing their engine to its absolute limits. The stutter in the engine when they had initially started the race had put them behind about half a nose, which had the guys in the other car banging on the seats and fenders, and generally making more noise than they had since they arrived. Castiel figured they thought they had the race in the bag. It wasn’t an especially long strip- they were at the reservoir instead of the old airfield, which made for a considerably shorter race, so there wasn’t a lot of room for error. If he had been in Al’s position, he would have thought they were going to win too.
The bar wasn’t too crowded- it seemed like most of the people there were regulars, and once they were inside and Castiel didn’t recognize anyone immediately, he found himself able to relax a little more.
He’d learn later that his somber expression when he’d mentioned her was what had made Dean lean over and kiss him.
Castiel watched as Dean stepped out of his own pants before he got up and did the same. The scar on his thigh was a little more pronounced than the one on his torso—the shot hadn’t been as clean, and the surgeon had to dig around more to remove all of the bullet fragments. He had never considered himself to be perfect, but he was certainly aware that what stood before Dean now, was much less perfect than it had been years before. Dean, on the other hand, seemed only to have settled more fully into his own perfection. He had been beautiful before, but there were still traces of youth that had clung to him, whereas now he had thickened and broadened into his manhood more fully. Castiel wanted nothing more to wrap himself in him.
Chapter title is "Chances Are" by Johnny Mathis. I really like the song and think the message fits well with Castiel's feelings toward Dean. Other songs featured in this chapter are "That'll be the Day" by Buddy Holly and the Crickets, "Hound Dog" by Elvis Presley, "Tutti Frutti" by Little Richard, and I imagined that the song that Castiel hears while smoking on the fire escape is Les Baxter's version of "Unchained Melody" which was pretty popular the year before, in 1955.
He felt the way his fake smile melted right off of his face, but something in his brain wasn’t quite processing what he was seeing.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said. He cleared his throat again and ducked his head, “I, uh, I shouldn’t have just ghosted you like that. It wasn’t fair of me. But, you know, we were kids, man. It never… we never...”
He finds him, nearly pinned against the bar, their drinks in each of his hands, talking to a woman in a bikini. Anyone who doesn’t know Dean might not notice the way his eyes keep cutting away from her, or that awkward laugh he does when she says something that Castiel is too far away to hear. They might even mistake it for shy flirting. The bikini-clad blonde certainly seems to.
He also spent a lot of that time making sure he and Dean were never alone together, which meant he spent a lot of time with either Sam and Dean, or just Sam. He didn’t like leaving them alone for too long, and though he felt they were fairly secure at his home, he didn’t want to be gone if anything bad did happen.
Dean waved at one of the guys in the shop, a young, good-looking kid that Castiel was almost surprised was old enough to work there. “Heya, kid,” Dean approached him, and Castiel followed after him. “Everything all right?”
Except that Dean’s up getting drinks for them, and he’s been gone a bit longer than Castiel would like.
“That’s it, Sammy, I’m callin’ it.” Dean hefted his toolbox onto the counter. “This whole place needs rewiring. “I can keep putting band-aids on the problems that pop-up, but,” he dropped his voice and leaned in, “We’re running a real risk if we don’t get the jump on a more permanent solution. Stuffs not really up to code, man.” He straightened up again as the little bell over the door jingled, and Sam plastered a tight smile on his face to greet the family that walked in. Dean sighed and dragged his toolbox into the back office with him as he went.
He had opened the door on her, mid-pound, and she looked a little surprised that she hadn’t had to do more. It didn’t last long; her face immediately arranged itself into the scowl that had probably been there before he answered the door.
“Are you okay?” he managed. His throat was tight, and he could feel himself start to tremble, though he wasn’t sure if it was from the effort of keeping still or because he still couldn’t believe that he was finally inside of him.
Of course, there was the chance she wouldn’t be home, and with the rain, there would probably be static in the line, and she wouldn’t want to come out in the weather to come over so they could talk.
Except that when he got there, things were almost immediately not fine. As usual, his first issue arose when he set eyes on Dean, who had been waiting on him with Sam outside of the shop. Sam was tossing a baseball in the air, while both he and Dean were leaned against the truck’s rear fender. Dean was wearing a white, sleeveless undershirt, just like the one that guy… what was his name? Brando. Like Marlon Brando had worn in A Streetcar Named Desire. Castiel remembered it only because Anna had dragged him to it, under pain of death if he let it slip to any of the guys that she had gone. Castiel hadn’t really cared one way or another, but Marlon Brando in that undershirt had been an unexpected bonus. And who was to know if he had bought a couple of the fan magazines that featured him afterward? Dean wore dark sunglasses too, and really, how dare he?
“It’s not like that,” Dean told him as he turned the tap off and set about washing the dishes. “Rinse and dry for me, will you?”
He chucks his phone after that. He doesn’t care what the rest of the world will think of him, doesn’t feel the need to explain more than he already has, because he’s on his honeymoon, and all he wants right now is to rub sunscreen on his husband’s back.
As terrified as he had been of seeing Dean Winchester again, as much time and space as he had tried to put between them, Castiel could not deny that he hadn’t felt so at ease with another person in a very long time. He hated it. He hated that all the time he had spent trying to put himself back together after he left Dean behind seemed totally ridiculous when compared to what it felt like to be in his arms again. And he hated that when Dean pulled away just enough to brush his lips along his cheek, it was all he could do not to turn his head so that their mouths met instead. How had he given this up? He wasn’t sure how the Castiel of nearly six years ago had any of the strength required to leave behind a man that could make him feel known and whole with just a touch. The Castiel he was now was half as strong and twice as scared, and he didn’t think he could manage it a second time.
Even as he said it, he didn’t believe it. He didn’t understand why Dean was necessary for the interrogation of the demon. There was nothing Dean could do that he and Uriel could not. Cas wasn’t even sure there was anything they could do to get the information from the demon regardless. The whole thing seemed like it was nothing but an exercise in cruelty.
“There’s something about this whole, you know…saying how you feel…thing,” Dean admitted, feeling a little foolish. “It makes me feel…happy.”
“I’m going to go call Sam.” Dean heard Cas move into the hallway and dial. Soon, he was listening to the low murmur of Cas’s voice through the door. He felt very tired. He didn’t remember falling asleep.
Dean raked a hand through his hair, thinking. “No,” he said. “No, Cas, I do want you to know how I feel.” He hesitated. “I just didn’t want to ruin things between us. I didn’t want to…to lose you.”
His face was a mask of stony anger, but it was rippled with fine cracks. Castiel saw through it as easily as if it were glass, observing the fear, guilt, and confusion boiling underneath, barely contained. His eyes narrowed.
Dean found himself surprised at the lack of anger he felt. He thought he understood what Cas meant – the feeling of having fucked up beyond repair, the shame and desperation of it. His hand twitched where it lay curled loosely on the table at the halfway mark between them, as if trying to go somewhere. The distance between them – merely the length of the table – seemed longer than it should be, like it transcended physicality.
Cas crossed his arms. The image it conjured to Dean’s mind of a petulant, trenchcoated toddler made him snort with laughter.
Dean has to go to the dining hall to get coffee with milk that’s not expired. But he has to shower, probably, before he leaves the dormitory.
He tosses his phone onto the bed and leans out of bed to grab his laptop off the desk. He has his fingertips barely on its surface and is edging it towards himself in order to get a firmer grasp on it when his stomach gives a low, audible growl. He pauses in his task, becoming aware of the gnawing feeling reminding him he hadn't eaten breakfast or lunch.
The feeling took over until he couldn’t stand it any longer, and he planted both hands on Cas’ chest and gently pushed, breaking the kiss. Breathing hard and without any real notion of what he was going to say, he blurted out, “I’m not looking for a relationship.”
“You know what we’re all fighting for. And dying for. What Pamela lost her life for. You know what will happen if we fail.” He stopped, feeling guilty for invoking the name of the woman whose eyes he had burnt out. He listened to the unsteady breathing on the other side of the room. He hated himself.
He sits down at the small table with his sandwich and he’s reminded of another time he’d sat at this table.
When he got back ten minutes later with the coffees and a breakfast sandwich for himself, the mood was inexplicably different, like some of the tension had loosened enough to trickle away. Cas greeted him with a smile, his eyes focused on the cardboard cups. Dean handed Cas his usual black coffee and popped the lid on his own to dump in cream and sugar packets. He flopped into the other chair at the cramped table and gratefully sipped at the hot coffee, trying not to scald his tongue.
Usually they did it in Dean's dorm room, late at night or when no one else was home. It wasn't a secret or anything, although Dean was still a little antsy about people seeing him let a guy into his room, even though the people were just his roommates - and Charlie was literally a lesbian. Even though his father had been dead for years now. Mostly it was just the fact that they were university students trying to get some amount of privacy.
Dean hadn’t known Cas very well at the time. They’d been in a study group together that semester, for a class they had together – a class on English literature. The rest of the study group had left the group one by one for whatever reasons, until it was only Dean and Cas.
“Uh, well, we thought – you know – her name sounded English,” Dean improvised. Throwing caution to the wind, he continued, “We have records of an incident taking place in the late 1800s. Would you know anything about that? Maybe family stories? Maybe a personality change after it happened?”
When they finally broke apart, some time later, their foreheads pressed together, Dean was reflecting on all the time together they’d lost out on; the times they’d been apart or one of them had been dead, of course, but also the time they’d lost because Dean had been unable to admit to Cas – and himself – how he really felt. He’d been so afraid of the exposure, the vulnerability of it all, and the fear was still there, but now he knew that there was
“Do you hustle pool often?” Castiel was thoroughly amused. Even he had heard this song on the radio a few times before, and he tapped along to the rhythm against the armrest on the door as Dean pulled out of the parking lot.
The divinity that coursed through Castiel’s veins had always been a quality feared as much as revered by everyone he came into contact with. He cared not for it, but it was part of him, so inescapable that it felt as though each breath he took was further proof of his divine parentage. His mother was the dark-haired beauty of a noble family, favored, they said, by the slender-hipped god Hermes, and eventually gifted with Castiel for her piety. Since he had been a boy, he’d heard whispers of
It wasn’t long before Sam let go of him in favor of stripping out of his shoes, shirt, and jeans, and made a beeline for the little body of water that had opened up in front of them. It seemed too big to be called a pond, but Castiel wasn’t quite sure that it could exactly be called a lake either- he could see across to the other side without much difficulty, probably not much more than a mile.
He turns to see his roommate, Charlie, squinting at him. She’s fully dressed, has clearly just come back to their dorm from somewhere – probably a final exam. Dean vaguely recalls that she had one this morning.
“Is everything all right, Castiel?” Inias usually played buffer to his cousin when she really got going, and while he appreciated it, his concern just made Castiel feel guilty. “We’ve been a little worried. You haven’t been around as much lately, and there have been a few reports here and there of scuffles over just about anything.”
Dean’s smile hadn’t dropped the entire time they’d been talking, “Your wish, my command. Ten minutes.” He held up ten fingers to emphasize his point as he melted into the crowd, his earpiece back in place.
Dean immediately regretted having said nothing. It was, quite possibly, one of the last things on Earth he wanted to talk about. He should have known Castiel would cut right to the chase. He hadn’t been good at small talk, even when they had been young.
The stunts robbed Dean of breath, and by the end of the show, he could scarcely bring himself to leave the place.
“I don’t think he likes me much, but seems like that Bobby guy cares about you two,” Castiel said eventually. And it must have been the right thing, because it made Dean laugh, just a little. He didn’t think he’d ever get tired of being the reason Dean laughed about anything.
He cut him off, “I left that night, Dean. And everything from that point in my life forward revolved around the fact that you weren’t there. Because I thought you would be. You promised me that you would be.”
Castiel lay on the couch for a minute more as he fought off a smile before he got up to turn off the radio, which had gone from static to a re-run of Unshackled!, and was significantly less romantic than whatever it was that Dean had them listening to the night before. He climbed out onto the fire escape again and waved to Mrs. Harris, two doors down, while he stuck a cigarette in his mouth. She had lived there since he had been a boy, and he sometimes moved things for her or picked up her groceries if the weather was bad. She waved back, apparently undisturbed, or too old to be scandalized, by his near nudity. He didn't think there was much that bothered her in general. That was the good thing about living in a building full of mostly old people. Most of them didn’t care what he did, and were too old not to want to look the other way if he did something questionable.
“What was her name?” Castiel didn’t quite feel comfortable asking more about her outside of what Dean had already given him, seeing as how he had barely agreed to talk about her at all. But a name seemed fairly harmless.
And now he’s here, fidgeting with his hat, hoping to catch the guy just long enough to ask his name. Because he doesn’t think he’ll be able to fall asleep tonight if he doesn’t at least do that. He barely managed it the night before, and his dreams were rife with images of a lovely trapeze artist with full lips and strong arms.
Castiel moved toward Sam, who snickered and swam farther toward the middle, where the water reached their shoulders. It wouldn't necessarily keep them safe from any revenge Dean planned to exact on them, but Castiel felt more or less secure in the idea that he wouldn't try lifting him when they were so far out.
Oh man, I can't believe I actually finished this before the end of the month. I mean, it was the goal, but a massive struggle for me. My birthday was last week, and my mom's birthday would be next week, so it has been a rough month over all, but this has been about the only thing I've been motivated to work on.
“I get it,” Castiel was a little amused by how frank Sam could be. He thought it might have been the reason he liked him in the first place. He wasn’t cruel or mean, just plainly honest.
The young woman leaned down and said something to Dean in another language. She then straightened and spoke, stiltedly, to Castiel in his own tongue. “He does not understand,” she explained.
“You’re supposed to be quitting,” Dean muttered. “You can’t smoke all your troubles away, Cas. Anyway, you don’t have any cigarettes left. Pop a damn Lifesaver.”
It took him a little bit of time to adjust, but as seemed to be Dean’s way, everything was neatly organized, and once he figured out where things were, he had very little trouble locating the particulars.
“Let go of me, Gabriel,” Castiel ground out, blue eyes fixed on Alistair with cold fury. He had saved for months for his bike, and he’d had it since he had been old enough to ride. He took its wreckage as a personal assault, and he intended to make Al pay for his indiscretion.
He handed the portfolio over, and then stuffed his hands in his pockets to keep himself from reaching for the pack of cigarettes he had rolled in his shirtsleeve.
“He’s older than he looks, you know. He came up from Hollywood. His mom was some sort of silent film star. Probably where he got his looks.”
When Dean turned around to answer him, they were nearly nose to nose, only inches between them, and he flushed as his eyes dropped, noticeably, to Castiel’s mouth.
Dean returned moments later holding a couple of candles, and set one on each of their night stands before he climbed back into bed to sit across from Castiel. “I didn’t mean to scare you,” Dean told him. “I’m never leaving you, so just get that out of your head, okay? Things are just… better when you’re around. I don’t want to go back to the way I felt before I met you, or how I felt after you left.”
When they got into the office, Dean shut the door tight behind them, double checked the curtains on the windows, and then proceeded to spend the next thirty seconds reminding Castiel exactly why he wasn’t into women. As soon as Dean seized him, Castiel found that despite the risk—that the man and woman outside could walk in on them at any second—he was just as hungry for Dean as Dean seemed to be for him. Dean had grabbed him while they had still been near the door, but Castiel, in a few quick steps, had them at the desk, which Dean sat on the edge of as Castiel fit himself between his thighs to bring them closer.
“Do you want to come?” Dean’s words came out in such a rush, Castiel almost didn’t catch them, and he stared across the cab at him with his portfolio in one hand. “I mean, I know Sam would like the company, and it’s your part, so I thought maybe you’d like to go to pick it up too. Especially since you mentioned you did your own work on the paint job. She seems pretty important to you, so, well, don’t feel like you have to. I just thought I’d ask.” Dean bit his lower lip uncertainly, and Castiel was glad he was already out of the truck.
Castiel wondered what exactly it was about him that radiated “delinquent,” but he couldn’t help but smile a little just because Bobby had said the same thing. Anna would have gotten a kick out of it too.
Castiel could feel himself beginning to react- his palms sweating, his breath coming a little shorter- Dean had been staring right back at him, but he had finally looked away, almost shyly if Castiel hadn’t known better, and then the kid was right there. He had never felt so exposed in his life. What had he done to make God hate him?
“Not really. It’s a little out of the way, but I thought you might want to try it since you said you don’t get out much.”
Because Cas was frowning, and Dean thought his face was hardening, although it was difficult to tell in the shadows cast by the dim light. He nodded, half to himself, it seemed to Dean. "No, my brother was just a coincidental meeting. I didn't know he was going to be there."
There was a silence, both of them thinking. Then Dean tried to slump back in his seat, his body coming down from the adrenaline of the last couple of hours, and his ribs scolded him for it with a stab of pain. He inhaled sharply, putting a hand to his side.
He slid to the floor, groaning, while the shelves that had broken from his impact surrendered their contents to gravity, heavy hardcovers careening to the floor and slippery paperbacks toppling onto Dean’s head.
He needed to know, needed to ask, and yet he found himself struggling with the words, as if some long-forgotten self-preservation instinct was belatedly kicking in. Finally he forced them out through numb lips, wincing at the pain in his throat. “Is it true?” Cas looked at him sharply, as if Dean’s voice had brought him out of his reverie. Dean swallowed hard and continued, “Did I break the first seal? Did I start all this?”
They walked. Time sped up again, making it feel like only minutes had passed before the vampire stopped and pointed to a thick clump of trees and bushes ahead. Dean guessed by the light that shone through the leaves that the foliage led to a clearing.
After they hung up, Dean noticed Cas was looking at him strangely, fidgeting with the cardboard sleeve on the coffee cup.
The air outside is crisp and cold, drops of rain splashing down on his head. He walks faster and faster, feeling lighter and lighter, as if there’s some invisible rubber band stretched tight between himself and Cas, and it’s getting looser with every step. He’s soaked from the rain in a matter of minutes, but he barely feels it.
Despite being a single instead of a double, the room was like a washed out imitation of the room in Illinois. Dean was pretty sure at this point that all cheap motel rooms in the country were just different variations of the same room. This one had a small TV and a table next to the window, which was hung with heavy, pale blue curtains.
Dean saw Castiel’s face, impassive from high above him, bathed in light on one side but shadowed on the other. Blank, unrecognizing. He raised the blade. It glinted in his hand as if winking at Dean.
“I think you were having a nightmare,” Cas explained. “It was hard to wake you up.” He frowned and straightened up, his hands sliding off of Dean in the process, leaving him cold where they had been.
Things were still awkward after the events of the previous day, albeit at a more tolerable level, and Dean kept waiting for the restlessness to kick in, the itchiness, the annoyance. But – despite the inherently rage-inducing exercise of moving two feet forwards every few minutes – it didn’t come. He chalked this up to looking forwards to eating a cheesesteak once they got to Pennsylvania, but he had a nagging feeling it was something else.
He left to get them coffee while Cas was still asleep, but by the time he got back, Cas was awake. Dean greeted him with a cup of black coffee and a kiss that lasted longer than it probably needed to.
She looks hard at him. “Okay, dude.” She looks like she’s going to say more, so Dean quickly says, “We’re out of milk.”
as the Empty took him. Dean had known with absolute certainty – just as he’d known all those years ago when Castiel saved him for the first time – that he didn’t deserve it. And he knew now that he didn’t deserve Cas.
Standing between Dean’s knees, Cas put his hand gently, tenderly, on Dean's face, a strange expression lighting up his face. He looked – awed, almost. Transfixed.
Adelaide was gripping the arms of the chair tightly, her fingers gone pale with the strain. She whispered, “Who are you?” at the same time that Dean persisted, getting louder, reckless now, “Was she a demon, Mrs. Moriarty?”
Castiel smiled then. “You know, Dean,” he said, leaning in. “Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in the being. In the saying.”
Garth looks like he wants to say something else, but Charlie tugs him out of the room before he can, closing the door behind them. Dean hears their whispered voices fade as they move away, and slumps back against his pillows.
Dean heard Cas' breathing quicken before he spoke, quiet and halting. "When the angels … did what they did to me, most of the time, I wasn't aware of it. But sometimes, I had a - a moment of lucidity, a realization that I was being controlled, and what I wanted – the first thing that I always thought of – was to get back to you."
Dean stares at her, simultaneously embarrassed and appreciative. “Thanks, Charlie, but there’s nothing to talk about.”
Castiel raised his face to Dean’s and Dean found himself momentarily entranced by the curve of Cas’s cheek, the fan of his dark eyelashes against his browbone. He shook himself mentally. “Why do the angels think I can save all those people?” His voice trembled slightly, as if to reflect the feeble spin the room was beginning to take on.
“Dean,” Castiel said. “They don’t tell me much.” His voice was surprisingly gentle. “I only know our fate rests with you.”
The next thing he knew, he was being shaken awake. “Come on, Dean. You have to take it again.” Cas’s hand hovered over Dean’s face with the stupid eyedropper, the other on his jaw. Dean was beginning to feel like a baby bird. He knocked the hand away and took the eyedropper himself, squeezed the antidote into his mouth, shuddering.
Cas was watching the TV, settled on the bed for once, and at the prospect of sitting next to him, the two of them on a single bed, Dean had elected instead to go outside and call Sam.
“I’m going to hitch back to Cheyenne, thank you very much.” Dean was halfway across the room before Uriel stopped him. “Angels are dying, boy,” he said quietly.
“Cas and I will go check it out,” Sam finished. He looked a little exasperated, as well as more than a little tired, his face drawn and seeming to pull downwards with exhaustion. The invigoration of successful research seemed to have left him and he slumped over the table, elbows holding him up like the supports of a bridge.
Dean stared at him. Cas had his long coat on, the one that Dean liked. His hair was damp from the drizzle that had been going on and off all day, falling loosely to get in his eyes. He had already pushed it back once while he’d been there. He needed a haircut, Dean thought absently.
When he gets to Cas’ dorm, it’s started to feel sort of surreal, like this is all a dream that he’ll wake up from in a moment.
He met Cas’ eyes for the first time, and he was startled at the fondness he saw there. Not a river eroding him as he’d expected, but a great, placid lake.
But Benny was nodding, seeming to know better than Dean himself what he’d meant. He takes a swig from his beer and says, “I get it. You’re hung up on someone.” He laughs. “Man, for a second there I was worried you were gonna say you were straight.”
Before Vietnam and before Philly, he had been involved with Dean—the definition of a summer romance—and even before he had made the decision to leave it all behind, he was aware that Dean had left an indelible mark on him. That they had somehow managed to reunite after so many years apart, that Dean still felt just as strongly for him in spite of all the pain he had caused him, was a miracle. They’d never gotten the chance to celebrate birthdays or holidays together, and now that they were together again, Castiel was curious about what that sort of thing might entail.
“I’m fine,” Castiel told him. He sat up on his arms, “I’m fine. I just… I forgot what it felt like. What you felt like.”
Days passed before Castiel got up the nerve to return to the shop. Or at least before he managed to come up with a decent enough excuse to separate himself from everyone else long enough to go over there alone. They generally traveled in a pack, and with the exception of Castiel and his bike, none of them were ever on their own for very long. It was dangerous to go it alone, especially if you were wearing your jacket- anyone with a bone to pick might decide to corner you- and besides that, it was just something they all did. It was part of being a unit. They moved together.
“You should loosen up, Dean.” Castiel didn’t really care one way or the other whether or not they went swimming. It was fun, however, to see the flicker of irritation on Dean’s features when he parroted Sam. The guys would probably miss him if he got back late, but other than that, he had no real reason to be back. And it was hot. His undershirt was definitely stuck to his back after being pressed against the leather of the seat. “I wouldn’t mind swimming. It would be nice to cool off.”
“Okay. If there are things that you can’t say to me, then okay. I get that. You know that my dad drank himself to death, and I don’t think that he’d have done it half as fast if he hadn’t gone to fight the Germans in the war. He never talked about it either, but he buried it in drink and meanness, and I want you to promise me that you won’t do that. That if it comes to that or talking, you’ll at least tell me that you need me. Even if it’s just to hold you.” He slid his fingers along the scars on Castiel’s thigh, the one under his ribs, “I’ll never let anyone take you away from me, no matter how bad it gets. But I feel like there are parts of you that I’m missing sometimes, and that scares me. Because my dad… I don’t want you to become what he became.”
When his food finally did come, he only ate half of it, left the waitress a tip on the counter, picked up his duffle bag, and headed out into the blinding sunlight. He’d hardly made it twenty feet, when he thought he heard someone call his name. He ignored it, because there wasn’t a soul around that he knew—all of his friends were still in Philly (if they could be called friends and not acquaintances)—and he figured that he had probably misheard whoever it was.
There had been a boy back then too. With soft, slightly chapped, kissable lips and eyes so blue he could have drowned in them. He wanted to drown in them every time he looked at him. And every time they made out behind the gym or in the backseat of his car, Dean had thought he’d be able to do absolutely anything if he could just have that, have him whenever things got rough. They were going to go together. It was the plan. They were going to leave town, leave everything, and never look back, and all Dean had to do was be there with his things when it was time to get on the bus.
“No way! You’re, like, an actual photographer now? That’s amazing, Cas. I guess you went to school, after all? Or did you just apprentice with someone?”
He wound it around his hand and reeled Dean back in with it, his eyes more intense than Dean had ever seen them. “If you think, for a second, that I’m going to let what you just said to me slide, then you haven’t been paying attention at all, Dean.”
Castiel tilted his head, “Much the same, I suppose. I wouldn’t say I’ve settled, no. I don’t think I’d be here if that was the case.”
“You first,” Dean said gruffly. And, God, how had he gone so long without hearing Dean’s voice? It was a little deeper now, a little more rough around the edges, but it still sounded like Dean.
Castiel was twenty-nine years old, and in spite of the nightmares that the thunderstorm had brought him, the memories of being shot, of the horrors of being surrounded by the screams of the injured and dying, he wasn’t alone. Maybe one day he wouldn’t scream himself awake, or maybe the nightmares would never end; he honestly didn’t know. But what he did know was that he had Dean Winchester in his arms, and as long as he was willing to stay by his side, he’d keep fighting against the part of himself that wanted to collapse under the strain of it all. They would see what the morning would bring, and they’d face it together.
“W-what’s the matter?” Castiel asked, his own eyes wide. He didn’t have much experience with other children on a good day, let alone this, and he cast around for some way to quiet him. He collected his dice and tried to offer them, “Look, uhm, watch this.You’ll like it.” He held the dice out, and then twisted his wrist and blew on them to make them disappear. “They’re gone,” he announced. “I can do a different trick if you don’t like that one.” He’d forgotten the language barrier again, and when Dean seemed not to care or notice, and only cried harder, Castiel found himself at a profound loss. There was no one around for him to ask for help, and no slaves around that could translate for him. He pulled his hands through his hair, as he often did when met with a particularly difficult puzzle. At last, he settled on a new course of action.
For the longest time, the only thing Castiel had ever wanted was for his father to come home from the war. Every hope, every dream, every birthday wish since he had been ten had been that. But like so many other men who had been shipped off to fight the Germans, he never had, and after a while, you let go of impossible desires.
“I know you don’t feel good about it, but don’t worry about finding work right now, we’ll figure something out. I’ll ask around and see if anyone knows someone looking for a photographer. There’s always someone. I just want you,” Dean told him. “I want you to be okay. Not perfect, just you. I want to be able to take care of you, but if we need to find someone who can help you… Someone you can talk to who isn’t me, we can do that too.” He took Castiel’s hand and kissed the palm, “If you need that, if we need to find someone to help you with this, tell me, okay?”
Dean’s mouth kicked up at one corner, and squeezed his hand before he resumed leading him into the front office.
Dean pulled his own shirt over his head, and once he had tossed it aside, rather than kiss him again, Castiel pressed his nose into the crook of his neck and breathed him in as deeply as he could. It was like being transported. It could have been 1956, they could have been in his apartment, and Dean could have just come in smelling of his clean cut soap with an undercurrent of earth and oil. How had he ever managed to make himself leave? He slid his hands up Dean’s back and held him tight, his face still tucked into the crook of his neck.
It was a jarring shift in subject. Castiel felt his breath hitch, and he wasn’t sure if it was because he had been caught out or because Dean was looking at him so intently. He hadn’t expected Dean to notice, let alone care enough to ask why, that he hadn’t come by. “I… things have been… less than swell,” he admitted. “It’s not that I didn’t want to.” There wasn’t a lot of space between them now, and Castiel could almost count Dean’s eyelashes. Even bleeding and bruised, he was so beautiful it made him ache. He needed to put some space between them before he risked making a bad decision.
Castiel finished his cigarette and followed the brothers out to the truck. Dean put the packaged bike part in the bed, carried a few sweating Cokes Bobby had sent into the front, and much to Castiel's relief, Sam climbed into the cab first, without any prompting, snagging The Odyssey on his way across the bench.
“Sure, sure,” Gabriel bit his sucker in half before he continued. “But if you’re gonna hang out with a square, you gotta make time for us too, you know? And maybe bring him around once in a while. We can behave for a couple of hours if you give us a head’s up, right Anna? You’ll help keep the boys in line, won’t you?”
Dean didn’t say anything else, just rocked forward and pulled Castiel into another kiss, this one gentler than the one he’d given him earlier. It still felt like he was trying to tear his chest open for him, but Castiel thought maybe he was less inclined to strangle him this time.
“It’s fine,” Castiel sighed again and scrubbed a hand through his hair before he dragged it down his face. He felt sore all over, so he had obviously been moving as well as screaming. He cleared his throat. “Sorry for the trouble, I’ll keep it down.”
“Everything all right in there?” Sam sounded mildly worried, and Castiel felt the weight of shame settle more fully on his shoulders. He must have screamed louder than usual.
They had only been together again for about six months, but the fact that he got to share a bed with Dean without having to worry about who might find them, or the fact that Dean would eventually have to leave, was easily one of his favorite things about this new version of their relationship. He generally slept poorly, and so oftentimes, he could spend great stretches of time just getting to watch Dean sleep before either of them had  to be up for any reason. Some mornings, he was certain it was the most beautiful sight in the world.
Castiel screamed himself awake, and when he finally came to himself again, he realized there was a heavy pounding at the door to his room. “Hang on,” he called hoarsely. There were tears in his eyes, and the bed sheets, which were mostly twisted around his body, were soaked. He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes until it was painful, and then wrestled the sheets and his sweat-soaked shirt from his body before he went to answer the door. He looked through the peephole and saw the short, balding motel clerk, who looked tired and impatient.
He also uses "Bank's closed" to tell Dean that he's not going to make-out with him anymore, and is promptly called an old man. It's 20's slang, so when Dean hears it, it just sounds really dated to him.
He eventually came back to himself, the sensation of Dean idly pulling his fingers through his hair enough to ground him again. Dean leaned up and kissed each of his cheeks, which he realized had become wet with tears at some point. He kissed Dean’s forehead and carefully pulled himself out of him.
“Well, no, not exactly.” Castiel rolled his eyes, “I let him do it because, like I said, I was curious, and he had good timing. I couldn’t really tell you what he looked like, we were in the dark. Have you seen it?”
Castiel avoided Anna’s eyes and cleared his throat. Gabriel didn’t know how close her was. This all would have been a lot easier if it had been a girl. “Nothing. It’s not a girl. He’s… just a guy I know. And he’s square, so I didn’t want to get him mixed up with any of us if he didn’t want to be. That’s all.” That wasn’t all, of course. He was pretty sure Anna could tell that wasn’t all, even if he was refusing to look at her for the moment. But he didn’t have to say more than that. He was allowed to have a private life.
“It looks worse than it is,” Dean said as he finally made it to the back of the shop and Castiel was forced to focus on him again. What he assumed was his bike, was covered in a white tarp, which Dean had started to pull off before he had the chance to ask what exactly that meant. He pulled the tarp away and set it aside, and all Castiel could see was that his bike was not in one piece. It was on a stand to keep it from moving while Dean worked on it, the front wheel had been removed, there were small metal parts lined up nearby that he couldn’t have begun to guess the proper places for. He felt his chest tighten a little.
“Go ahead,” Dean told him. That hadn’t changed, at least. He was always more agreeable right after they had been physical with each other. Castiel leaned over and pressed a kiss to his temple. He got up once more to get his cigarettes and lighter, cracked the window, and when he returned, propped himself against the headboard and pulled Dean’s head into his lap. He couldn’t help wanting to keep him close. He pulled his fingers through Dean’s hair with one hand, and smoked with the other, and he didn’t think he had felt so content since before he’d left for Vietnam.
They had been parked for a couple of hours by that point, and while Castiel found Dean ridiculously attractive, and had picked up on some of Dean’s not-so-subtle advances, he certainly hadn’t expected it. He hadn’t expected anything, really. Possibly, he thought that when the night ended, they would return to their respective lives and never speak to one another again. It made the most sense. Even if he saw Dean ordering coffee again, he hadn’t been confident that he’d have spoken to him. It would feel like trespassing.
“I’m okay,” Castiel’s voice came out sounding rougher than he really meant, and he got to his feet so he could feel more like he was on equal footing with Dean. “Guys like that just like to stir up trouble,” he said, just to let Dean know he had been in far worse scrapes. He moved the ice from his jaw and let the ice chunks fall from the handkerchief they had been wrapped in to the ground, before he stuffed it into his back pocket.
Castiel rolled his eyes, “You’re a mechanic, and we’ve used you fairly regularly in the past. Not to mention you can hold your own when you need to. They’d think it was a fantastic idea. You’d have a jacket inside a month if I vouched for you. I won’t though, so don’t get any ideas either.”
Dean drove them to the shop, and Castiel expected to wait for him in the truck, so he was a little surprised when Dean came around and opened his door for him. “C’mon, I dunno how long it’ll take me in there, and I doubt you want to twiddle your thumbs out here. Not with the sky looking like it does.”
Castiel had decided he liked having them there. The circumstances left something to be desired, but even with his determination to avoid being alone with Dean for any length of time, having them stay with him made him feel less like his apartment was the resting point he used between work and the Garrison. Even as much as he loved Anna and wouldn’t have traded her for anything, he had never quite had that feeling when she had been over. It was more like the apartment became an extension of his relationship to her or the Garrison, depending on her reason for showing up. He would never have admitted it aloud, but the Winchesters made it feel fuller than it had, even when he’d had several of the guys over at once.
“Monet did landscapes. And painted. Where’s Sam?” Castiel asked. His hands had clenched into fists, and he was doing his best to shake off the part of him that wanted to find the Winchester patriarch and beat him within an inch of his life. He could round up a few Garrisoners to help him out—if he asked, they’d do it, no questions.
Castiel raised a brow at that. Anna only ever swore when she was well and truly upset about something. He supposed it was a hold-over from her upbringing—her mother had been a debutante.
Dean scowled slightly and Castiel wondered if maybe he shouldn’t have kept his mouth shut. Still, even kind of pissed off, he looked good. “Well, thanks,” he said finally, “For… for Sammy. He thinks he’s all grown up, but I still gotta look after him.” He had shifted his hands to his pockets, nodded a little, like he had more to say, but decided against it, and then turned to go around and get back in his truck.
They left the bar before either of them were too drunk or anyone decided that they wanted to try to take the money they had just won. Dean was still laughing by the time they climbed into the truck, and Castiel thought he’d have suffered Dean’s trickery a thousand times over if it meant he got to hear that laugh again.
“I’ll grab you something to change into. You can have the couch,” he spoke around his cigarette, unwilling to put it down just to talk. “There’s a bag of peas in the top of the refrigerator- for your eye,” he clarified. He disappeared into his bedroom and reappeared moments later with his spare pajamas and a blanket for Dean.
Castiel generally kept his mouth shut when it came to this sort of discussion- Anna usually handled things well enough, and he was fine to take her lead, but his bike had been mentioned, and that stung enough without the way his brain inevitably circled around to Dean Winchester. Memories of the way he had looked crouched next to what was left of his bike and how he had grabbed his chin when his lip started bleeding again crowded their way to the front of his head, and threatened to send him spiraling into a useless daydream.
“Looks like a delinquent to me. And you thought it’d be a good idea to bring him out here, why? You take all your customers on road trips now?” Bobby’s brows lifted as he surveyed Castiel. Dean blushed. Castiel wondered what exactly it was about him that gave away his nature to Bobby. He didn’t think this would be the time to inform them that he had only been caught twice and only one of those times was on his record.
He could sense Anna’s surprise, though she was still a mess, and would almost certainly fall back into bed once she finished her cup. Still, she was the one person he could be most honest with, even if he didn’t plan on telling her every detail about his attraction to Dean.
Dean made a small, strangled noise that sounded almost like a sob, or a malformed laugh to him, and Castiel carefully closed some of the distance between them. They had been apart for so long.
Chapter Title: It's My Party by Leslie Gore (It *technically* came out in 1963, not '62, but since it was too good to pass up, and the end of the year for our guys, I thought it worked to stretch it 😅 )
Castiel Novak... was a little less than two years shy of 30, and somehow he had made it to war and back. Well, not war, per se, but he had been to Vietnam, and he had seen things he still had nightmares about, and he had returned mostly in one piece. Three months home, and he hadn’t quite been able to figure out how to settle back into the life he had built for himself in Philadelphia. He had stayed with friends for a little while, having let go of his apartment when he left the country, but it hadn’t felt right. He was uncomfortable in his own skin.
“Can’t make any promises, Sammy. It’s been twelve, long years, and my long lost love just fell into my lap. I can’t be held responsible for anything that happens for the next two weeks.”
Dean put the sign back up, took Castiel by the hand and led him around the desk, “I think that went well. Though I know that look on Sammy’s face. He’s going to want to talk about our feelings later. Just you wait.”
Castiel was going to combust. The touch was more like that of a concerned parent than anything truly sensuous, but he was still
Hey, Chapter 2 on schedule. Not too shabby, me. There's not much to say about this chapter. I wanted to show some time passing while also giving a bit of background on how their relationship operates, and how they support one another. I came up with a ton of ideas for other fics this week, despite having neither the time nor the energy to work as much as I'd like on the next chapter of this fic 😑 I don't know why my brain is like this...Thanks for reading!
End of chapter one! Hopefully, you liked it! For clarification: The motorcycle Castiel rides is a 1935 Indian Junior Scout- they came in red, but his is black, and he has wings painted on either side of the fuel tank. Dean and Sam are still about four years apart in age, making Dean 19, Sam 15 and Castiel is just barely three years older than him, making him around 22. War-vet John Winchester will make an appearance, but his role will be pretty limited. Lots of pining. Some angst. Rest assured for a happy ending.
Part of him, a very small, twisted part, hated the idea that she might grow closer to him, that Dean might realize that Anna was pretty and willful, and a catch by any standard. The other part of him realized how selfish that part was, and that provided he wasn’t in any danger, he should be grateful if Dean found someone new. At the time, he thought the best thing for him, for all of them, was to disappear quietly.
“It’s a 1953 Indian Chief,” Jack said matter-of-factly. “Bit of a clunker, but a nice piece of real estate. It was the last model of bike Indian produced before they went belly-up. Actually, this bike was used on the set of-”
Castiel didn’t know if he believed that they had communicated their wishes to one another via kiss, but for the moment,
“The water will still be cold,” Dean said. “It’s only just starting to get really hot, so the water’ll be freezing, even as hot as it is today.”
Castiel shifted uncomfortably, his thumb toying with the lip of his cup. He wished he had the right words. He wished things were different. “I did write,” he started, but then decided maybe that wasn’t the best course to take. He had written, but he hadn’t sent the letters until he was on his way to Vietnam, and for Dean, it was like he had just disappeared. He understood that. “I just wanted to keep you safe. I thought maybe you’d move on or forget me, and that it would be easier for you...that you’d be able to find someone who deserves you if I stayed away.” He didn’t say that he hoped that that ‘someone’ would be a nice girl he could love openly, or that no matter how often he had tried to keep moving forward himself, he had never quite been able to stop looking back over his shoulder at Dean. Even now, even so many years later, and with oceans of pain, and feet between them, he wanted him so much it burned. He could feel it crawling up  the back of his throat, the words he had wanted to say to Dean since before he’d left, words he had buried countless times and refused to let himself write in even one of those letters. He swallowed them back and focused on hearing Dean. Whatever he needed to say to him. He owed that to him.
“I don’t think that’s unreasonable,” Castiel pulls him in again, and this time there isn’t any uncertainty between them.
“I thought-” Castiel furrowed his brows, “He told me you never talked about me. After I left, he said it was like I hadn’t existed.”
“I think I’d call that a successful third date,” Dean said as he climbed into bed next to Castiel. He had cleaned them both up, and then returned looking wholly satisfied with himself. He tangled his fingers in Castiel’s hair and leaned in and kissed him, slowly, more like the kiss in the car, than any of the ones they’d shared since.
“You did all these? They’re pretty amazing, Cas. And are these… is this me? I never would have guessed you were an artist!” He sounded excited, maybe even a bit flattered.
Castiel shook his head and shoved him lightly. “I just thought you’d want to… I don’t know, take it slow. Pretend we’re just friends so your neighbors don’t ask questions. Anything. And with Sam moving in and starting school, I don’t want to get in the way of whatever plans the two of you had.”
Dean pressed his nose against the back of Castiel’s neck, “Deal. I’ll make sure to change my relationship status to ‘taken by a true gentleman’ first thing in the morning.”
He supposed it was why they had been friends for so long. She was as quick to forgive as she was to anger, and that made it easy for him as long as he knew the right time to back down.
“It’s… “ he closed his eyes and tried to regroup, “I am quitting. It’s a process.” He took another deep breath as he tried to get his heart rate back under control.
“Isn’t the third date when that’s supposed to happen? Or...” Castiel asked warily. He hoped he hadn’t misread the situation. It was possible that Dean meant for this to be a casual thing and had only been teasing about the dates. It was difficult for him to be sure about that kind of thing sometimes.
“I didn’t.” Dean ran his hands through his hair and sighed again, “You sure know how to kill a mood, you know that? You aren’t- you know, I tried to move on from you. Like, really tried. And like you said, you aren’t a monk. Well, I’m not either. And Sam’s not an idiot.”
It wasn’t that he had himself fooled. He knew that his plan to leave Dean in his past hadn’t really worked as well as he’d intended—it was why he had sent the letters before he left, why he couldn’t let go of the camera they had given him, and why he had let himself fuck Benny—but in spite of the fact that this particular aspect of his past seemed to keep catching up with him, he had hoped he could ignore it, if not avoid it. That was difficult to do when it all but slapped him in the face when he thought he’d gotten to a place he could start fresh again.
Dean frowned, “Sergeant…?” His brows lifted in surprise and he turned toward him, “Benny?! Really? I haven’t thought about him in so long. How was he?”
Gently, hesitantly, he took Dean's wrists so he could pull his hands from his face, and only paused a moment when Dean flinched at his initial touch. He didn't pull away or make any further move to stop him, and Castiel could see the tears welling in his eyes and the utterly defeated slouch of his shoulders. He just wanted to hold him.
“Sam, Dean,” was his surprised, slightly horrified response to what he found when he opened it. They were certainly the last two people he had expected to turn up on his doorstep, and they were both soaked through to the bone.
“Could you give me a ride?” Castiel said, and he wasn’t sure why, except that he was desperate to keep Dean around a little longer. “You have my bike.”
“Um, uh,” his lungs weren’t working properly, and neither was his brain, and he was an adult now, so none of this was supposed to be happening to him at all. He wasn’t ever supposed to see him again.
“That’s not what I’m saying, Sam.” Castiel finished hanging the laundry and sat on the fire escape railing. A strong breeze probably could have blown him over the edge, but he had been doing it for as long as he could remember, and wasn’t the least concerned. “I’ve got no doubt Dean wouldn’t let you out of his sight without teaching you how to defend yourself. But maybe you should consider why he’s willing to step between you and your dad in the first place.”
Dean shifted after a few moments, and Castiel thought he had collected himself and was going to pull away. He was prepared to offer him an aspirin and the peas for his eye again when he did.
Castiel licked his lips and cupped Dean’s jaw, “I promise,” he told him. “But right now, I just need you to make me forget the storm.” He kissed him again, leaned back, and pulled him down over him.
Dean likes the sound of his voice, the deep rumble of it, and soft, lilting accent, but it doesn’t cut the embarrassment he feels at the title. “Dean,” he says, to save face. “My name’s Dean. Have you got one? A name, I mean. In there they just called you ‘The Thrilling Three,’ or something.”
Making off with a watch that looked like Dean Winchester was probably a good way for him to get his head kicked in, but sometimes… sometimes, he just didn’t think he gave a damn when it came to that sort of thing.
Dean considered, for a moment, playing the whole thing off. ‘Nope. Sorry, wrong guy. Here are your towels, let us know if you need anything else,’ and then walking away as quickly as possible. And damn it, why was he still holding the towels at all?
Castiel turned and watched as Dean propped himself against his headboard, every other movement accompanied by a wince. When he got comfortable, Dean let out a breath, and tilted his head a little to look at him. Castiel could see the lash of purple that ran alongside his nose and curved around his eye. It made him want to hit something. Or someone.
“Are you sure?” he whispers finally, right as Castiel is ready to take it all back and try to pass it off as a bad joke.
Dean gave a vague hand motion, as if to say he couldn’t care less what Castiel wanted to do, and took another drink of his coffee. Castiel took a moment to put his cigarette out in the ashtray on the dresser, and  sat next to him, a careful amount of space between them. He set his bag in the space between them just for good measure. They sat in silence. Not the comfortable sort they used to share at Dean’s shop or his apartment. This silence was pervasive, and heavy with years of not having spoken to one another, with feelings of betrayal and fear, and the deepest ache of their hearts. Castiel felt like he was going to suffocate in it.
When they finally arrived, it was midday, and Castiel was a little surprised to find that they had come to what looked to be a junkyard. The place was remote, even more so than their little town, which was actually relatively close to larger cities when compared to this place.
Castiel did the logical thing then, and put as much space between himself and Dean as he could manage, by stepping outside the threshold of the garage to smoke rather than give up his cigarette. The more space between them, the better anyway.
“No, that’s not all,” Castiel said, his voice trembling. “It’s not just you that terrifies me anymore. It’s the whole world. This storm, fireworks on the Fourth, too many people in one place, not enough people in one place, an unexpected surprise party, whatever the hell kind of nightmare I’m going to have when I close my own eyes. There are things that I can’t get out of my head no matter what I do, things I couldn’t look away from when I was over there because it was my job to document it, and no matter how hard I try, I can’t get a handle on it.” He took a breath and tried to calm down. “I want to be… whatever you need me to be. I want to be the one that takes care of you sometimes, but I know- I know that even if your smile makes me want to move mountains or lasso the damn moon, I- I can’t manage it.” His voice broke on those last words, his shame getting the better of him. “Even if I find a steady job, I don’t know that I can keep it. I don’t know whether or not something there might scare me so badly I can’t move, or I break down in front of someone and they cart me off somewhere. I love you so much, but there are just some things that I can’t-”
“Sam, you heard him, didn’t you? Or have your ears stopped working along with your brain? He doesn’t want to see or talk to me. And, frankly, neither do I. So just get out of the way. We’ve gone this long without seeing or speaking to each other, no reason to change that now.” Dean wasn’t facing him any longer, and had shouldered past his brother into the breezeway, but Castiel recognized the hard edge in his voice. It was the same one Dean had used with him when he talked about his father’s drinking. Angry and shot through with barely concealed pain.
“There is when you’re nowhere to be found for days on end,” she said fiercely. “What if we needed you? You know this is something we do together. You told me you needed space, and I gave it to you, but this is beyond that. You never come out anymore, and if we were to end up in a rumble or even something less intense, we’d have to try to find you or go into it without you. You told me there wasn’t anything going on with you, but you haven’t been yourself for weeks.”
Castiel knew better than to ask what happened. He’d been in enough trouble to know better than that. Instead, he offered them warm milk and dry clothes, which Dean refused and Sam accepted quietly.
Castiel did as he was told, though his frown didn’t lift, and he felt Dean settle his hands on his shoulders so he could steer him where he wanted him to go. If Castiel didn’t trust him so implicitly, he might have been nervous walking blind through a strange shop filled with all sorts of tools that would have been unpleasant to run into even if he had been able to see.
“We need to talk,” she said as she marched through the door, and then stopped short as she caught sight of the Winchesters, who looked a little bewildered. “What is this?” she asked slowly, her guard up.
It was, perhaps, the only advice he could ever remember appreciating hearing from him. Hermes was known for his cunning, and while his advice could be sound, it usually came with some measure of biting wit that Castiel never learned to appreciate. Even his suggestion had come with the challenge, ‘You’re clever enough, aren’t you?’ As though there might be doubt as to whether or not he actually was. If he hadn’t been determined before, that question alone would have been enough to set him to the task.
The guy grinned and shifted the earpiece he was wearing to his shoulder as he gave an automatic response, “Sorry, I’m not…” he paused and his brows drew together, “Do I know you? I feel like I’d remember a face like yours, but I can’t place you.” His eyes roamed Castiel’s face, his expression somewhere between curiosity and confusion.
Relief breaks over him. “The bee’s knees,” Dean manages. “I’d like to try it again. Just- just to make sure I like it,” he says.
“Curiosity and disinterest aren’t always mutually exclusive, Dean.” It was funny for him to see Dean look so surprised when moments earlier he’d looked playful. He liked watching his expressions—his face, particularly his eyes, seemed to say whatever his mouth didn’t.
“Both,” Castiel said. He didn’t know why he wanted to know, just that he did. Maybe he felt stupid for thinking Dean had had a girlfriend all of this time, and needed some reason to think he hadn’t actually been so far off the mark.
“And you're not as heavy as you look. Sam and I can definitely take you,” he warned. Sam nodded and sent a splash in Dean's direction as if to prove a point.
“You need any backup?” Gabriel’s tone had turned a little more serious and he stopped them just outside of the factory, a hand on his shoulder. For all of Gabe’s joking and teasing, he could at least be relied upon to have his back in a fight. That was the one thing he did like about their little gang- they were like siblings, and they were loyal to one another to a fault.
“I’ll, uh, send a maid up when one gets in.” He stepped outside, turned back, and glanced from the twisted mess of Castiel’s bedspread to the puckered length of raised scar tissue just under his ribs. “Look, kid, I’ve had soldiers in and out of here before, and I’ve known plenty of guys, so I know what it looks like. Shell-shock, or whatever. There’s a VA hospital not too far from here. I’ll bring the address to you before the end of my shift.”
Which might not have been bad, except that almost before he had a chance to react, Dean had closed the space between them, taken his chin in one hand and went to wipe the blood away with a rag he had produced from his back pocket.
Sam looked a little troubled as he handed him one of the shirts Dean had worn. Castiel had been adamant about them staying away from home while they were staying with him, and so they had more or less all been rotating through what clothing he owned.
“I moved here because I wanted a new start for my life, Cas. I’m tired of hiding, and my neighbors are the last people who are going to protest you and me being together. Believe me on that. If you’re going to be with me, I want you with me. Besides, you have to make up the last six years to me, and you’re going to have a hard time doing that if you’re not at my constant beck and call.” He grinned and nudged him with his elbow. “I’ve been working at this shop so I can save up for a while, but I’ll open my own place again, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. So, yes, I want you to move in.”
“Less cute?” Castiel asked, lifting a brow. He didn’t know why he asked. It was dumb thing to say. But even though Anna had been completely focused on how angry she was with him, and had hardly looked Dean’s way, there was that tiny spike of possession he felt every time she was anywhere near Dean. It was probably part of the reason he had done such a good job of keeping the Winchesters and the Garrison separate.
“Not gettin’ any younger, here, Sammy.” Dean sounded impatient and he drummed his fingers along the top of the steering wheel. He had already started the truck.
“Yes,” Dean said quickly, “Of course. And I’d have dragged you all the way back or figured out a way to stay with you.”
The bar Castiel directed them to bordered the next town over, and was one of the few places that he knew his guys generally avoided. It was technically neutral territory, but it wasn’t uncommon for Gordon’s or Lucky’s guys to end up there, so Anna had more or less forbade any of The Garrison from going there with no reason.
Castiel turned to look at Sam, who had his wet clothes in his arms, and looked a little like he could cry. He set the first aid kit aside for the moment and got up to take the clothes from him.
If he was honest, he wasn’t even sure he liked him. Of course, there was the obvious- he liked looking at him, liked watching him—what was not to like—but they didn’t know one another. Castiel had never stuck around long enough to try to get to know him because he had always been too worried about giving himself away. He had never really bothered to try to get to know anyone outside of the Garrison before, had never really cared to, and the idea that he now had an opening to try to get to know Dean, whatever the outcome might have been, was a little daunting.
“Oh, hey, that’s right. You said you just got in today, right? You’re probably beat. We can go.” He called for the check, and gave Castiel a brief smile. “Dean’s gonna flip when I tell him you’re here too.”
Castiel ran the palm of his free hand down his thigh, and if he hadn’t known better, he would have thought that Dean looked his way when he did. “No, not really.” He hadn’t thought too much about the future or a career once he had graduated high school. Dreaming about skipping town on his bike was one thing, but he was dutiful if nothing else and he had a responsibility to Anna, The Garrison, and at one time, to what was left of his family. There was the factory, and when he had been younger, he just sort of assumed that was where he would end up whether he liked it or not. His father had worked there before the war had taken him away, and his grandmother had worked there until she had gotten too sick to be there. It was that or the mines an hour out of town, which was where Anna worked as a receptionist, along with some of the other guys, but he had never liked the idea of spending most of his time underground. He had never thought of college, certainly not something as seemingly aimless as art school, and it was almost surprising to him that Dean, of all people, would have been the one to suggest it to him.
“My bike,” he managed finally. He glanced at the sorry state of the wheel, the scuffed paint job, and slightly bent handlebars, “I think it’s broken.”
“It took me a few more years than I would have liked to get everything organized, Castiel, but you were very right in the idea that debutante balls are archaic. Gender equality and all that. We can afford to be much more modern,” she’d patted his hand, and reminded him that the deadlines for everything were affixed to the inside cover, so he had no excuse not to know how this was all going to go. “Besides, you saw how it was with Anna, it’ll be just the same for you. Just as grand and lovely, and hopefully with less fuss.”
“What, Cas? Skinny-dipping not your style?” Dean tossed his dampened shirt over one shoulder as he waited for Sam and Castiel to finish dressing.
Castiel was a little more hesitant about coming along than Dean was about bringing him. Aside from checking in, he hadn’t actually met Sam before. Dean had kept his relationship with Castiel very separate from his home life when they had been young, and though he had mentioned his younger brother, he had never indicated the intent to introduce them. A notion that probably hadn’t been softened when they had started to make plans to run away together. Castiel expressed his apprehension about suddenly being introduced as, not only their new help, but Dean’s maybe-boyfriend.
“Relax,” was Dean’s response, his voice smooth as molasses in summer. “If we lose, I’ll repair your bike free of charge. I’ll take care of you. Promise.” his hand had rested briefly at the small of Castiel’s back, and he moved away from him to join their game before any more words could be exchanged.
He wondered if Dean had ever done anything like that before. And then the uncontrollably jealous part of him wanted to know with whom, if he had. He remembered Dean’s teasing, his ‘I like jealous you,’ and he dropped his head in embarrassment. Christ, he was gone on him.
“Cas, I’m sorry, please just don’t-” he didn’t get to finish begging to keep his job because Castiel’s mouth was on his, his fingertips pressed against Dean’s stomach.
There was a bright flash of lighting, followed by a sharp clap of thunder that had Castiel’s heart rabbiting away again, though he couldn’t be certain if it was the noise or the fear that Dean was slipping through his fingers that had him nearly in tears.
Castiel pulled a clean shirt over his head and leaned against the dresser as he turned to face Dean again. “A lot of guys enlisted, and a lot of them came back different. A lot of them didn’t come back at all. Not all of them beat the people they’re supposed to care about for no reason. Look at you. I don’t know what kinds of demons he’s dealing with, but everyone has their own, Dean. It’s no excuse. There’s nothing you or Sam could have said or done to deserve that.”
It takes him a few shows to catch on, but Sam eventually realizes that Dean is actually hiding something from him. He’s not surprised. Dean has never been especially forthcoming about anything going on in his own head, but Sam’s here because he cares, so he tries to talk to him about it between shows one day.
He wasn’t about to walk this stuff all the way back to the front desk, and he was in the midst of reaching for his master key when the door finally swung open.
“Dean,” Sam had pulled away from his brother and put his hands up in a placating gesture, “Cas was just helping. He didn’t do anything wrong, okay?”
“It’s good to see you too.” He cast around for something more to say, “Were you able to help those people that were here when I dropped you off the other day?”
Castiel looked at him then, a little irritated, “Are you saying he doesn’t know how to fix it?” It wasn’t like he would have been able to wheel it across town even if he had thought about the fact that there might have been someone around with that sort of specialty. He guessed he could have had Inias tow it in the back of his pickup, but then there would be no Dean Winchester in Levi’s for him to lust after, so he wasn’t sure it would have been worth it in the end.
His cross hung between them and Dean remembered Castiel telling him that it was all he had left of his parents.
“I’ll make sure he finishes your bike,” Sam assured him. “And gives you a good discount. It’s the least we can do.” He was being dramatic, and Castiel couldn’t help but smile as Dean shoved him lightly to one side.
As it turned out, Dean was actually pretty good at pool. Much better than he had led Castiel to believe. And, maybe, if he had been paying more attention to the game, and less attention to how absolutely unfair it was that Dean should look as good as he did in a pair of Levi’s, he would have realized it before the guys from the next table over approached them. As it stood, he was more concerned with trying to decide if it would be entirely inappropriate to correct Dean’s form by touching him a bit more than was strictly necessary, and so before he knew it, Dean was doing all the talking, and they had gotten themselves into a wager.
He had planned the entire thing out the night before, right down to what he would do if he got to the garage and Dean wanted absolutely nothing to do with him.
There’s a pallet off to one side, a wash basin just across from it on a stand with a mirror, next to a trunk. The simplicity of it reminds Dean of his own small apartment, only it feels somehow much more luxurious than his shabby residence. Castiel starts by washing his face, taking up a neatly folded flannel and pouring water from the basin’s jug onto it.
“Yeah,” Dean ran his thumb over the edge of the frame, “She did.” He set it back down on the desk. “Well, I’m gonna get cleaned up,” he said as he took a step back. “Don’t want dinner too late.”
Dean has seen his fair share of unclothed men, swimming or changing at the factory, and he’s learned to stamp out his impulses over so many years, but he can’t help the heat the creeps up his neck when he sees Castiel move to wash himself so unabashedly, or when their eyes meet in the mirror for the briefest of moments. He forces his eyes to look anywhere but at the mirror, or at the far more tempting, exposed buttocks of his host.
“Why? Think I’ll steal her away from you?” Dean joked. “She’s pretty, just also scary. It works for her.”
Castiel leaned up and pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead, “We can learn to trust each other again, all right? A little at a time.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Is that why you didn’t tell me you were hustling that game of pool before? Because I’m ‘bad at deception’? And Anna has me figured out because we’ve known each other since we were kids. She’s like my sister.”
He did actually. He didn’t need anyone seeing the state of his room—his meager possessions and the evidence of his inability to sleep properly. He stepped aside and opened the door a little wider, “Be my guest.” Arguing would just make things worse, and he didn’t have it in him to fight a meaningless battle at the moment.
They weren’t fast, and they weren’t quiet, and by the time they made it to the kitchen, Dean’s pancakes were cold, and the juice on the table was warm. Dean had used his mouth in ways that made it difficult for Castiel to watch him eat without thinking about how good it had been. When Dean had finished sucking him off, he’d kissed Castiel until he was hard again, and then hadn’t hesitated to ride him until they both saw stars. Maybe it was the fact that it was his birthday, or maybe it was just because they so rarely had the apartment to themselves, but Dean certainly didn’t bother to muffle any of his shouts or moans the way he usually did, and of course, Castiel couldn’t help feeling all the more worked up because of it. He wouldn’t complain if they decided to start their mornings that way a little more often.
“Yes, sir.” Dean’s voice sounded less strained, and instead had gained a certain rigidity that made him sound so unlike himself, Castiel had to resist the urge to look to see if it was actually Dean who was standing beside him.
"Cas," Sam shifted to look at him, "what exactly happened between you two? When I got back from Bobby's that summer, you were just gone. And I'd never seen Dean like he was...he never talked about you, not even when I asked. Just said that you had gone. It was almost like you'd never existed, except that I knew you had. And I knew how happy you'd made him."
Castiel shut his eyes and gripped Dean's belt loops, "I was shot while I was in Vietnam. I have scars on my leg too."
“Well, to be honest, things have been a little hectic,” Dean admitted, and he shifted his hand to rest on the back of his neck. “Engine rebuilds can take a while, especially on a bike as old as yours. Besides, like I mentioned before, it gets pretty busy here the last few weeks of school, so I’ve been caught up with smaller jobs. I've got a new tire for you here though.” He patted the truck bed and moved to haul a smaller tire out of it. “You can watch me put it on if you wanna stick around.”
Even so, he didn’t want to hang around and make things more difficult for Dean. He was established there, and Castiel had turned up out of the clear blue from anyone else’s point of view. Besides, he was useless with cars, and even though Dean had told him he could train him enough to be competent with oil changes and routine maintenance, Castiel didn’t feel as confident.
“Dean,” Castiel stood and crossed the room so there was less than a foot of space between them. His voice was firm, full of conviction, “I waited for you.”
Castiel’s brows knit together, and he thought if they had been outside, he would have reached for a cigarette by now. “I wasn’t,” he admitted. “I pole-vaulted for a while, and then decided I preferred the darkroom to the daylight. I just took as many art classes as they’d let me. Drawing, Photography, whatever.” That, and the fact that around the time he decided to quit the track team, he and Anna had started The Garrison and his time after school was spent helping build their reputation.
Castiel went around to the passenger side, and opened the door to get in, while Gabe came around the side with his blonde, who removed her scarf and leaned across Castiel to tie it to Anna’s mirror.
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Working. As a photojournalist. The publication I joined in Philadelphia wanted an inside perspective, and given that I was the least qualified and most expendable, they sent me."
“Perfect. It’s a date.” Dean grinned boyishly at him. “You want us to give you a ride to work? I don’t mind.”
That had been years ago, but he should have known it was going to chart the trajectory of the rest of his life. It was one of those decisions that either made or broke you, and Dean was fairly certain that he was broken. Had been for a long time.
They got to talking, and Castiel hadn’t even been sure that he liked the guy, but when he mentioned where he was from, Benny had gotten friendlier, and explained that he had spent a handful of summers in a town nearby. And who the hell would have thought two guys who had passed through the same part of nowheresville would windup across the Pacific together?
He crawled into bed, utterly exhausted, and he hoped that feeling would lead him into a more restful sleep than he'd had earlier. The exhaustion he felt since he'd been back wasn't a lot different than what he'd felt when he'd been overseas, except that when he'd been there, he never slept long enough for it to be anything but restful. There wasn't room for nightmares. Just an endless cycle of waking and sleeping that he kept to, right along with the soldiers he encountered, so that he could observe and interview and photograph as authentically as possible. He didn’t think he had any real talent for journalism, but he tried to make up for it by being as thorough as possible, and sending back enough information, that editing could be done without trouble.
All three of them froze. It was more aggressive than a standard knock. Sam and Dean had heard Castiel tell them not to answer the door if anyone knocked, but it had always been while he was on his way to work. Castiel simply wasn't used to having people knock because his door wasn't usually locked. Even his neighbors usually just gave a quick tap and then stuck their heads in on the infrequent occasion any of them stopped by. He finished drying the plate Dean had just handed him, and then went to answer it. Sam and Dean were watching him, and while Castiel would have liked to pull his blade, if it was their father, he thought it might be more satisfying to beat him to death rather than stab him.
Sam gave a laugh that reminded Castiel of the way Dean laughed at some of the things he said, and he sighed heavily before he held his own cigarette out to him.
“I’ll look into some stuff and get us a couple of estimates in the morning. Don’t worry, little brother, I’ll get it taken care of.” He patted him the shoulder with one hand and headed for the door.
“Truck. Now.” Dean’s tone was sharp and short, and it seemed like Sam knew better than to argue when he sounded like that, because he fell into a sullen silence and, after a few moments, huffed and turned toward the truck.
Dean must have caught the look of terror in his eyes when the lightning struck, because he moved closer to him and smoothed Castiel’s hair from his face, “Shhh, Cas,” gently, he brought him to his chest, “Come here.” He shifted, and situated Castiel’s legs so that they were facing one another, Castiel’s knees up by Dean’s hips. He hugged him, but kept their embrace loose enough that Castiel could easily pull away if he wanted.
It wasn’t anything fancy, but the piece of cloth, which had probably been white at one time, but was grease stained and grubby now, had ‘Mary’ carefully stitched in the corner. A lump formed in Castiel’s throat, and he closed the drawer again before he got himself into trouble.
“Sammy, let’s get going,” Dean pounded on the roof of the truck to emphasize his desire to get on the road, and then went around to open the driver’s side door.
Castiel felt his throat constrict. He’d been all right having dinner with Sam when he thought that Dean was miles and states away. He wasn’t so sure he would have agreed to it if he had realized he was practically next door. He needed a smoke. He needed a dozen. He needed to get back on the train and ride it somewhere, anywhere else, because he wasn’t sure he could ever face Dean Winchester again for as long as he lived. "I think I need some air," Castiel stood before Sam had a chance to protest, "Sorry." He found his way outside and fumbled for his cigarettes as he leaned heavily against the side of the restaurant. He took his first drag and watched as people passed on the street in front of him. How was this happening? How was it that he had given up everything, his friends, his family, and probably the love of his life, and had somehow ended up right back where he started? He couldn’t face Dean. He didn’t want to know that he had found someone new and was going to settle in with them, no matter how much time he had spent hoping for the very thing. He wanted Dean to be happy, he just didn’t want to see him happy with someone else. It was fine as long as he never laid eyes on him again.
“I’ve always wanted to date a real life gentleman,” Dean said, the grin in his voice more pronounced. “Is it like dating a prince? Do I get free tickets to major sporting events and museums? Fashion week? Are there any other perks?”
Castiel wanted to apologize again. For not having been there, for having caused Dean pain, for him and Sam having lost their father, however tumultuous their relationship with him may have been. Instead, he carefully pulled him into his chest, and wrapped him in a hug. Dean tensed against him, and Castiel thought he was going to pull away, that in closing what little space had been left between them, he had gone too far. But then Dean let out a ragged breath, like he’d been carrying the world on his shoulders and had finally been allowed to put it down for just a moment. And then they were clinging to each other.
Dean shrugged, “Said he’d ran into an old  friend he wanted me to meet. I thought maybe it was a girl. Kid’s a decent liar.”
Castiel knew that he had offended her with his remark about having a life outside of The Garrison, but her disappointment in him seemed to run deeper than that. Of course, neither of them talked about it, and it had been over a week. It wasn’t unusual. Anna didn’t like to talk about problems when they arose, and Castiel didn’t like to push his luck. Rather than make an attempt to talk about it, he avoided the garage. It wasn’t an even trade off- he was giving up talking to Dean in favor of not talking to Anna, but the guys were happier in general with him around, and they all talked enough for the both of them. Besides, he didn’t think either of the Winchesters would miss him too terribly much.
