That had all really happened. The entire night. Everything. Everything he'd ever wanted.
It was going to be okay. Tony could avoid them. He swerved left around the first bolt, and then hit the bootjets to get him up and over the second. With his hands up for defense, rather than down for flight stabilization, he nearly botched the landing entirely, cutting the repulsors and coming down hard, with nothing to cushion the drop. He hit the floor, wobbled, and raised his hands higher--
The explosion was massive, massive enough that Steve could see a flash outside the windows, somewhere out in the park. Tony was floating in midair, his body silhouetted by a tremendously bright light, his half-melted armor reflecting it all, dazzling red and gold.
. How, uh." He paused again. "I was wondering. What are your feelings about that? How do you want to play this?"
Steve brought his hands up, took a deep breath, and let everything else slide out of his mind. There was only the battle.
Tony's head tipped back, languid, baring his throat, letting him do anything he wanted--
He'd come back east as soon as he could, to pay a visit, once he realized the scope of the damage. Zemo had sent the Fantastic Four and the West Coast Avengers on wild-goose chases to prevent them from helping, and Tony himself had been, literally, underwater at the time -- and Zemo had destroyed the mansion and nearly murdered all the Avengers as a result. Herc, Dane, and Jarvis were still in the hospital.
The allegations were false, anyway. Steve knew that. And even if he hadn't known it for sure, it was quite a leap from
He knows he should probably protest more, but Iron Man's embrace is warm and soft, and Steve just wants to stay here forever.
The clerk glances between the two of them. It's hard to faze New Yorkers, especially these days, but Steve can hazard a guess that she wasn't expecting Tony Stark on the other side of the counter. With a man.
Steve opens his eyes and immediately seeks out Iron Man's gaze. Iron Man's eyes are wide, dark with desire, plain to see even through the eye-slits.
Tony had sprung awkwardly backwards, out of Steve's embrace, and he was propping himself up on the narrow bed with his shaking hands. But he was still upright. "Nothing," Tony said, and Steve didn't think he was making a face at Tony, but Tony grimaced. "Nothing major," he said, quickly. "Got stabbed in the neck with a tranquilizer five minutes after I got here. Pretty sure I smacked my head on a table on the way to the floor."
"We talked about trust, before," Steve said, finally. "I trust you. Without question. I'm positive that my trust in you isn't misplaced. And I'm positive that you trust me. And you know I don't lie to you. I'm not lying when I say that I want you more than anyone else in the world. I'm not naive, and I'm not blind. I know there are other people in the world. But I don't want them, not like I want you. I want it to be you. I love you. I just want to make you happy. I'm not going to regret it. I promise."
"So," Steve says. "Going to tell me where we're going, Shellhead? Or what we're seeing?"
God. He'd really kissed Tony. He'd done it. So many years of imagining it, and he'd finally done it.
And Steve doesn't even know what Iron Man's talking about. Steve ate a lot of Spam during the war. He wasn't a big fan of it. Iron Man can't be talking about the same thing. This makes no sense.
"Absolutely," Tony said. "Let's go save the world first."
Tony sighed again. "He wanted to talk to me about Ty. He told me-- well, everything you said to me. It was Ty. Donahue had been set up. He'd never given that footage of me leaving his building to Ty. He told me that it hadn't even been his footage. He told me that that had actually been one of Ty's cameras. He told me he never hired Radioactive Man. He told me that the battlesuits that had attacked me were his design, but they hadn't been working on his orders. He thought they were probably Ty's. And he said that he suspected Ty had asked me to look into him because he knew he had a shitty reputation. And Ty had wanted to link his shitty reputation to mine. He used to be Ty's mentor, you see. He taught him all the tricks. Taught him to be ruthless. So he knows where the bodies are buried. That might be literal. God, I hope not. But I guess I wouldn't know." Tony snorted. "Anyway, he sounded pretty damn sincere. He'd said he'd hoped Ty's offer of a merger was real, a way to make amends -- but it was pretty clear to him, early on, that it wasn't. He'd recognized his own tricks, I suppose. He said he wanted to take Ty down. But he can't do it all by himself. He's too old. He's dying, apparently."
Or maybe he does know why he didn't offer, after all. Sometimes Steve surprises himself. But then, he's often worried he's not good enough for Tony, so why not this too?
, she had said, sternly.
That's not a very Captain America thought for Steve to have, but Ghost ruined his goddamn anniversary, so he thinks that Steve Rogers, the man under the cowl, is allowed to be just a little bitter. Steve rocks back and shifts his weight, continuing to stand up--
"Right." Steve unslings his shield. "Let's do this. I can break the door down."
Carol's mouth twitched. "On deck?" she offered.
This is hell.
Steve tries not to think about all the people Tony's loved who have never loved him back. He knows it's a long list. He can probably name most of the people on it, anyway, because that's how long he's known Tony.
"Oh, yeah." There was a rueful sadness in Tony's voice. "He sure did. He'd known exactly how I felt about you for twenty entire years. He'd known I definitely hadn't stopped having a crush on you. And then, as you said, he figured out how you felt about me when you walked in on us. I imagine he had a lot of fun this week attempting to ruin both of us."
Repulsor rays lashed out-- and then stopped, about a foot in front of Mordo. A magical shield flickered to life, neatly absorbing all the energy.
"Tony,
Fuming, he clenches his jaw and grits his teeth.
"Okay. I get that. But," he added, "I think there are other people who would be good to you, too, you know. There are a lot of people who care about you and want to help you. You're not alone." God, now he just sounded like he wanted to get rid of Tony. "I don't mean-- I really am glad you're here, though."
, Tony thinks, and he bites the inside of his cheek hard so he doesn't laugh at his own stupid joke.
This was what he'd wanted. This was everything he'd wanted. Okay, it wasn't
Before Tony could really process what was happening, Steve was crouching down again, leaning in. Steve's mouth was warm on his, a brief kiss that promised more. Tony wasn't entirely sure that he hadn't imagined it.
That was true enough, but it was also clear that she was going easy on him in terms of her powerset. She was pulling her punches as much as she could, and if this had been a real fight, he absolutely wouldn't have wanted to be in the position he was in now. While Carol excelled at both melee and ranged fighting, if she'd actually been using all her powers, he wouldn't have wanted to go up against her at a distance without his shield. She could have flattened him with a photon blast, which she very kindly was not currently using. He'd have taken his chances in melee. It was what he was doing right now, anyway.
Tony paused in between bites. "I couldn't have done this in the old days. Pizza wouldn't have fit in that old armor's mouth-slit. Good riddance." He glanced down at himself, resplendent in red and silver. He was getting used to the colors now.
Tony glanced up at him, amused. "Wow, that blush goes pretty far down, huh? Nice." He seemed to like it. Which was good, because it wasn't as if Steve could stop doing it.
. He wasn't old money. He could dress as nice as he wanted, lose his accent, learn to talk as fancy as anyone who'd gone to a private school, but he'd never be one of them, no matter how hard he tried. His flaws were innate. Deep down, he was a nobody, a good-for-nothing Irish kid from the Lower East Side tenement slums. He didn't belong here. He was
." He wiped his hand over his face again. "I am so sorry. This must have been the worst week of your life."
Steve made a weird and sort of pained-looking face, and Tony sternly told himself to stop flirting.
"Come on up," Tony says, an incomprehensible invitation. "You're not going to crush me."
If they could all just hold together, Steve thought, they could do this. They were a team. They'd always been a team. Tony didn't have to go it alone.
, then?" he asked, quoting Steve's words back to him. His voice lilted, curious. "Tell me, what's the story here? How do you think he's hurting me if I don't think I'm being hurt? Because, from where I'm standing, that doesn't make a whole lot of sense."
It was hard to think about, and harder to talk about. "I wasn't ready for you. Not then. I wouldn't have been ready." He might as well be as plain as he could. "I'd have fucked it all up."
"It's perfect," Steve said, quickly, so he wouldn't stop. "You're-- it's like more of you, all of you, like this. Please." The words didn't quite make sense when he said them, but Tony nodded like he understood. "Please, more," Steve said, and he had no idea what he was asking for, he had no idea what
He feels a little better, thinking about that. He has a lot of favorite fantasies involving Tony, from the romantic to the... well, Steve still thinks they're romantic, and isn't that what's important? Most people wouldn't call half of his fantasies sweet, but they both know the truth. Reminding himself that Tony loves him makes the aching tangle of shame in his chest loosen, just a little.
Iron Man's voice is almost too quiet to hear, nearly lost in the mechanical crackle. "If I said I didn't want to, would that be okay with you?"
The scent of lavender wafts through the room as Steve opens the oil. He carefully pours some out into his palm, caps the bottle, and rubs his hands together, hoping it will smooth over the worst of the calluses. He doesn't want this to be bad for Tony. He doesn't think it'll be bad -- no one's ever said he was bad -- but, well, he's never done this for Tony before, and, selfishly, he'd like Tony to keep being impressed.
, right? That's not how that works?"
"Can do."
"All I could think," Tony says, "was that you were going to die because of me. It was up to me. Your life was in my hands. You know I had a clear shot on him, right? Headshot. At that distance I could have made it, if it had been any other day. I could have made it if my hands hadn't been shaking. If I hadn't been terrified."
Tony wasn't going to find that comforting.
, did he?
"Tony, I wouldn't ever--"
It was one more problem to add to the pile. Now he was upset, sad, jealous, he had a broken hand, and he knew Tony's boyfriend was trying to frame him for murder and he couldn't prove it.
Chen Lu raised an unimpressed eyebrow at him. Steve supposed it hadn't been one of his better remarks, but he'd been caught by surprise.
Tony was blinking back more tears. "God, Steve," he whispered. "How do you do that? How do you always know exactly what to say?"
Tony's grin was dangerously sharp, the way he looked sometimes before a battle he knew he was going to win, and once again Steve was hot all over. "So am I," Tony murmured.
"I wouldn't ask you if there were any other options," Jan says, her tone laden with apology. "I really do need you." She sighs again. "The thing is, I already sent Warbird, Vision, and the Scarlet Witch off to deal with the Armadillo, an hour ago. And then the Super-Adaptoid showed up at the Bronx Zoo ten minutes later, if you can believe that, so I sent Goliath, She-Hulk, and Triathlon -- and Hank just called me back and told me they needed backup. So I was going to go myself and route the monitors to me in the field, so I didn't have to bug either of you. I was about to leave. But I just got an alert that Ghost has been spotted at Stark Tower, and I don't have anyone else to send except you two, and at any rate I'm pretty sure Iron Man has a vested interest in stopping him anyway."
Steve squinted at her. He'd missed something. "Pardon?"
This is where the game really starts.
"Yes?" Tony prompted. "There's no wrong answer."
Tony still seemed nervous, though, biting his lip again. "I didn't want to say it before," he said, like he thought he owed Steve an explanation. "I thought-- I thought maybe you'd think I'd said it just to get you into bed, and I didn't know how--"
? With me? You mean, I--"
After that, Tony was silent for a long while, still smiling, eyes still bright even with his obvious exhaustion. Tony wiped off his stomach with his shirt. Steve's shirt. Well, it was Steve's mess; he'd earned that.
Frowning, Tony headed to the living room, making sure that the bedroom door was very securely shut behind him as he did so, because the last thing he needed was to explain the massive selection of kinky sex toys laid out on his bed to... well, anyone.
Steve looked down at him and smiled a positively
. "Nah," he drawled. "I'm a rogue."
Tony sheds the robe as he walks, letting it pool behind him. He's bare to the waist underneath, and Tony's pants and boxers follow very shortly, leaving Steve with a view of Tony's perfect ass as Tony heads further into his bedroom. Steve can't follow him. Steve can't touch him. Steve gets what Tony says he gets, and right now that means Steve can't do anything but watch as Tony utterly ignores him.
"If someone wanted to," Steve said, very firmly, "I'd tell him yes."
, and he didn't even know what he'd said that had gotten to him this badly.
Tony's eyes were wide open, and he swung upright, turning so he could see Steve's laptop as Steve hurriedly opened Netscape and clicked his bookmark for the Daily Bugle's site.
were worth fighting for. That you were worth standing up for. Because that's how you should feel. That's how you should always feel. I know you were... ashamed... of what you did with Tiberius. What he did to you. You told yourself he'd been the only man. Maybe you even told yourself he was going to be the only man. But he wasn't the only one. Because you'd loved me first. I know I didn't know you then. But the way you felt then, the way loving Captain America made you feel -- that's how I want you to feel. It counts. It was real. It was real like this is real." He cupped the side of Tony's face. "You always had me. Even when I'd never met you. The only difference is that now I love you back. And that's a big difference, sure, but you'd already laid the foundation. Because you're amazing."
"When you said you'd seen everything in the box," Steve said, faintly, "you weren't kidding." He sounded excited, but at the same time on the edge of being overwhelmed. It reminded Tony of how he'd been when they'd found him in the ice all those years ago.
"Yes?"
He hated talking about this. He'd always hated talking about this.
"Yes," Steve said, practically crimson, and clearly one-hundred-percent earnest. "God, yes." His laugh was strangled. "I'm sorry, I'm terrible at flirting, you probably want someone who's more--"
But she didn't back down. "That's just it, Captain. How can you be trusted to be an impartial leader of the Avengers when you yourself admit to a certain partiality? Don't you think that, to the rest of us, it looks very much like the Avengers are closing ranks to protect one of their own?"
. It's some kind of extended and restored version with new scenes -- one of the things Steve does love about the future is that so many little things like that are better now -- but it's still the same movie that came out when he was a kid.
"We were only together for a month or two, back then," Tony continued. "I was so happy. But you know what the hell of it is? I told myself I was doing good. I told myself that Ty was grieving, and that he needed me, and that I was helping him. That this was what he needed. I thought I was being kind. But now I know he was laughing at me all along. He was probably laughing at how stupid I was, how he'd tricked me, how I had no idea he'd murdered his own parents to-- to get back at me. He'd beaten me, he'd deceived me, and, hey, he even got free orgasms out of the deal. Somewhere to put his dick. He was using me. Literally."
Iron Man tilts his head quizzically. He's squinting. "How do you even know what Viagra is?"
"You didn't like that part, did you?" Tony murmurs, a brief break in character. "I'm sorry. I'll make it better next time." And then his fingers tighten roughly in Steve's hair and he raises his voice. "And here you are. Come on, Commander. You know where your place is."
Steve cleared his throat. "So now that I know, would you, uh, mind if I got you out of the armor?"
, Steve thinks.
"What?" Steve asked.
All Steve can do is stare.
"Whatcha doing, Shellhead?" Steve asks, almost too casually.
Steve's stomach twists. He already knew Tony wasn't okay. He wishes he hadn't asked. Half of him knows it's important for him to know; they'll be in combat in a few minutes and he's leading the mission and he needs to know his teammate's status. The other part of him knows he asked because he was hoping against hope that Tony would be okay, and in the best of all worlds, Tony would have said he was fine. But right now Tony's so screwed up that he can't even pretend he's fine.
Steve idly wondered if he was just... radiating... as he sat there. He wondered if that was bad. Tony would probably have known. He started to head past the desk to the elevators, which was when the security guard stood up.
Tony was actually grinning now. "Real good job with that secret identity, Winghead."
the reason I started drinking again." The correction sounded like something Tony had picked up in a meeting. "But she was definitely willing to hasten the process along."
"It doesn't matter," Steve repeated. "I can't have it."
There's a heavy pressure against his back, and an invisible hand wraps around Steve's throat. Damn it. Steve gasps for breath, trying to pry Ghost's fingers off, as his other hand fumbles over his shoulder for his-- shield, where's his shield,
Steve lowers his head in shame. "I-- I don't know what to do."
"--going to have to lift him," Tony was saying, "and I took the suit apart to splint him."
He knows he's shaking now; Iron Man has to be able to see it. He wonders if Iron Man's sensors can measure his heart rate, his breathing. He's never asked. There's a lot he doesn't know about Iron Man.
"You didn't open it, did you?" Steve asked, very softly. "Please tell me you didn't open it."
Tony steps forward and pulls him into a hug. He is, as always, taller in armor; Steve's head bumps his chestplate.
"Well, then?" Steve snaps. It's not particularly kind of him -- but then, neither is Mr. Stark, right now. "Come on. Out with it. Tell me."
"Cap!" Jan said, breathless. "Are you and Tony all right? SHIELD said they'd intervened, but they didn't give me any of the details, and you didn't log a mission report, and--"
"Fucking Madripoor," Tony said, with all the heartfelt emotion he was currently capable of, and then he passed out.
you, and I told myself it would be okay because I thought you'd never find out. And it was wrong of me. I should never have... given into my desires."
"It is," Steve says. "It really is."
"Yeah, I'm fine," Steve admitted, feeling a little foolish. "Just can't figure out if I was supposed to shave there, is all."
Tony's fingers were long and elegant, and less scarred than Steve had thought they might be; he'd picked up a few scars, but they all looked fairly recent. Then again, they'd all only been alive for a couple years, and Tony had mentioned losing other scars. Tony hummed contentedly again as Steve traced the base of Tony's thumb, massaging out every scrap of tension.
, Tony?"
"Could you-- could you say that last part again?"
. One day you'll find them. I know you will. And it'll be real. They'll see you, and they'll love you for who you are. They'll love you just as much as you'll love them."
"Not at all." Steve licks his lips and tries again. "I just meant that, because you're the one who designs his armor, you must know a lot about how the armor fits him. You know his measurements."
And, wouldn't you know it, that was when he ran into the
"Shhh, it's okay, I don't need it like that," he murmured, and he reached down and tapped Tony's cheek to get his attention. "Not that deep. I just meant, what you were doing before, with your tongue higher up, that was great. More of
Eventually, the elevator slowed, then stopped. It made a quiet dinging noise, and then the doors slid open, revealing the familiar sweep of Tony's expansive living area. This room was the largest, of course, dotted here and there with couches and chairs, with bright sunlight streaming through the floor-to-ceiling windows. One of those million-dollar views.
. "And, no, I'm fine. I believe you. You're alive."
Tony had tensed up, watching him. Waiting for Steve's condemnation.
Iron Man hums softly. "I was kind of hoping you would." The words are a soft, wistful admission. "I mean, if you'd like to cuddle and watch a movie, we could do that, I was thinking. It's why I brought the popcorn. And a screen." He jerks his head toward a computer monitor atop the nearest workbench. Steve hadn't noticed it before.
Tony's gaze flickered. "Actually, that part was all true."
Steve's eyes were stinging. He wanted to ask Tony how he knew all of it, how he'd named it with unerring accuracy. Then he realized he knew exactly how Tony knew.
But Steve's hands were warm and gentle and, honestly, he couldn't think of a better way to go than right here in Steve's arms. He wasn't alone. Steve had him.
Steve had a lot of friends. He knew that. But he'd never had a friend like Tony.
have a secret identity. It doesn't bother me that you do too. And whoever you are under the mask, whatever name you answer to that isn't
Steve's smile wavered. "Probably about as many years as I have."
Confused, Steve stares at him. "Tony, you have a penthouse apartment in this very building. I was figuring we were just going to go there. Just take the elevator."
He knew the hell that Tony would go through if he came out. Sure, if Steve came out, the public repercussions for him would probably be getting denounced by family-values groups. At worst, they'd take the shield from him. But they'd done that before, and he knew he'd survive if they did it again. Nobody who actually mattered to him would think less of him. He knew his friends. He was confident of that.
"We're so fortunate to have you with us, Mr. Stone," Walders told him.
. Just like Iron Man is you. All of this is you. You're not two different people. You're not magically a different person just because I've never seen the name on your birth certificate. You're still amazing and brilliant and loyal and-- and
unhappy."
Steve wanted to hold him again. He didn't dare. They were too close. Tony's thigh brushed his, and it wasn't like he'd never been this close to Tony before, but Tony was here
"When I walked in on you two," Steve managed to say, "he was trying to get your shirt off. He was-- he knew you didn't want him to do it and he was trying to do it anyway, wasn't he?"
He was going to need another drink after this.
Iron Man's hum is a low, almost sad sound. "He won't," Iron Man says, and Steve wonders how Iron Man can say that with such confidence. "Mr. Stark's not going to bother you again, okay? I'll make sure you never have to see him." There's an odd sort of bitterness in his voice, and Steve wonders why. Iron Man pauses. "I'll wake you up before morning, if it would make you feel better?"
Tony found himself laughing. "I'm better at actual dirty talk than this, trust me."
So much for privacy.
Ah, yes. Work.
"Oh, I'm interested," Steve said, blithely unaware of Tony's inner turmoil. "Definitely looking forward to anything you might like to... fit in."
That damn smile slid back onto Tiberius' gloating face. "Captain, we've established that I'm not doing
Tony stood and turned, readying himself.
? How in the world are you going to have a ceremony?
But as it turned out, it didn't matter, because Tony just grinned down at him, breathless, lost in pleasure. "Anything you want," he breathed. "You can do anything you want to me."
They saw the fangs.
He hadn't quite meant to say it. Not so soon. Not like this. But that's how he is with feelings: he tries to hold them in as long as he can, to be proper and controlled, and then when he opens his mouth somehow they all slip out of him, unbidden. He feels clumsy, off-kilter.
"Well, they couldn't get into the computers," Jan said, sounding almost cheerful despite the entire situation. "You did a great job with the network security."
Tony cleared his throat. "Anyway. One probe in each slot, yeah, just like that, good, good--"
of arranging to have myself taken hostage?"
It did; Tony chuckled. There was a little color in his face. "There's a thought to keep me warm on a cold night, huh?"
"It's still in you," Tony says, taking a step forward. It's not a question. It doesn't need to be.
"You've definitely been inspirational in a lot of ways," Tony said. There was an odd look on his face. He sighed. "It took me a few more years, actually, to figure out what everyone else had been seeing in me. Puberty had to hit, first. And that was when I realized that I wasn't solely into girls. So I was thirteen when I figured out that, um." There was more color in Tony's face now. "I realized I hadn't had all those Captain America posters because I was just that big a fan of liberty and patriotism, you know? So, yeah. Um. Big gay awakening. First crush. It was you. And I know I didn't know you, then. I know it wasn't real, not like this is real. It couldn't have been. But for me, it counts. You were first."
Tony was nuzzling him again, his cheek pressing against Steve's. His breath was pleasantly warm against Steve's ear, and his beard was actually soft, tickling a little. Steve was rapidly developing a fondness for the sensation.
Steve took Tony's hand again. He smiled. "That's all true." He grinned. "Maybe you're a little more optimistic than I'd be about my chances with the entire world, but yes. It's you."
. "Captain America," he muses. "The Sentinel of Liberty, subsumed by corporate greed. You're on Stark's payroll now too, huh? His new bodyguard, maybe? Just like Iron Man here." His head moves; he glances in Tony's direction, and then back at Steve. "Whatever happened to the American Dream? You've been bought out just like everyone else. And you're doing his dirty work, you and Iron Man. The immoral bidding of the military-industrial complex."
"Okay." Steve lowered his hands. "Okay. And from a practical standpoint, you should probably also know that, logistically, it'd be very difficult for you to get a drink."
It wasn't as if getting up would make the conversation any easier, but Steve was getting restless just sitting here as Tony told him more and more distressing things. When Tony got restless, Tony just got fidgety. When Steve got restless, Steve... well, Steve needed to run. To hit something. To fight. To work all his tension out with his body. The least he could do for himself was get off the couch. He eyed the heavy bag dangling in the corner as he stood up, but passed it by. With his luck, he'd get distracted by Tony telling him something even more awful and break his hand again.
Tony had said an hour. There might have been traffic on the way back, true, but even so, he really ought to have shown up by now.
"I know that," Steve said. Something had gone tight in his chest. "I know it's not-- it's--" But he found he couldn't exactly say what it was. "I don't know. I don't know what it is. I'm sorry."
Then Radioactive Man stretched out his free hand and fired an energy blast directly at Tony's head. Tony turned away just barely in time. As he spun toward the camera, Steve saw that the entire left side of Tony's helmet had
Stephen nods, once, a curt jerk of his chin. "I'll call back when I have something."
The ordinary assumption is that it's difficult to tell what Iron Man's feeling. Steve doesn't know if that's an image Iron Man has deliberately tried to cultivate, or if it's one he thinks he's successfully presenting -- but the thing is, Steve's never really had a hard time with that. He wonders sometimes if the gifts the serum gave him, the enhanced senses, let him read Iron Man's voice and body language in ways even Steve himself isn't consciously aware of. Maybe it's something like how Steve always knows what Iron Man is going to do on the battlefield.
He knows Tony well enough to know that Tony is probably thinking he doesn't deserve this.
The answer was obvious. All the pieces were here. Even Tony couldn't deny this one.
," Tony said, wide-eyed. "You're not-- you're not dating Tony Stark." He looked like he wanted to laugh, or cry, or maybe have a heart attack.
Tony knows that date, all right: the day Steve went into the ice. Oh, God. He asked Tony where Bucky was. He asked how they got him out of the water. Falling from that plane is the last thing Steve remembers.
Steve awoke much, much later than he usually did, and then only because something had beeped. Oh. His phone. His phone was still in his belt pouch, and his belt was still on his pants, and his pants were somewhere on the floor because he hadn't really been concerned with putting anything away last night, because--
It looked like there had been a hell of a lot that hadn't ended up in that report. Steve definitely would have remembered seeing Ultron's name.
And Iron Man takes hold of his arm, his gauntleted hand so carefully gentle as he cradles Steve's arm with only the barest suggestion of pressure.
Well, obviously, Tony's not going to give--
Maybe it was because of the drugs, but Tony found it was easy to believe him. Maybe things were going to be okay. That was a weird thought. He tried thinking it again. It still seemed true. Steve took promises more seriously than anyone Tony had ever known.
There was a long pause.
"It says he's a
"Not much," Tony said, cheerfully, continuing to be a coward. "Just wanted to say hi."
." Tony's voice is imploring, passionate. "I still do. But for me, living's not the same thing as... just not dying. I wanted to make my life count. So I signed on to our little outfit. And it just so happens that I was lucky enough to have a few years of reprieve. Would I have had more if I'd never been Iron Man? If I'd never gotten clocked so many times in the head, if I'd never been exposed to magic and gods and alien technology and God knows what else? Did any of that cause this? Did being a superhero make it come back somehow? No one knows. No one can know. But I don't regret it. I can't. And if someone had told me, if Fate had told me back then that I'd only get three more years because of this, because of being Iron Man, I'd still have done it. I'd do it again. In a heartbeat. I'm glad I did it. This is how I want to live. This is me."
The ice of Mr. Stark's regard has melted, and there's something lonely in his eyes now, something sad and bitter and alone, and Steve has no idea why Mr. Stark is doing this. He has no idea why Mr. Stark feels like this. He doesn't understand what's going on.
to taking a drink again. I poured myself a double of scotch. I had it in my hand.
--and he was very, very surprised when two men he hadn't seen came from behind and shoved him over the railing.
Steve's mouth is as hot as the rest of him. His kiss is deep, strong, and eager, as he licks into Tony's mouth. Tony moans and lets him take exactly what he wants, and Steve clutches him tighter and rubs frantically up against him like he's rapidly approaching not caring whether anyone manages to get their clothes off. Tony would much rather have Steve in him.
Steve nodded. "Yeah. You can decide if you want me, Tony, but you can't actually decide if I want you. I've made up my mind. I'm not changing it. And, if you want me, I'm right here."
"I thought I'd never in a million years have a chance with Tony Stark," Steve admitted, almost too quietly for Tony to hear him.
He was beginning to see where some of the homophobia had come from.
Steve couldn't help but smile. All this had started, in a sense, when he and Tony hadn't gone out to brunch, but now it seemed like he was going to get absolutely everything he'd wanted. Even that.
He imagined Tiberius watching the coverage and laughing.
But Tiberius just shrugged. "Well, it's certainly not my fault that he's still in the news," he said, sounding wounded. Playing for sympathy. "Or are you going to accuse
It wasn't like Steve's love of classic musical theater had ever been all that subtle, and it had probably been way back in the Kooky Quartet days that Steve had actually been introduced to the film version of
"What?"
This was DreamVision. Tiberius' futuristic entertainment system. He'd shown them how it could be used to manipulate dreams, how he could make the user dream up a thousand fantasy scenarios. That was probably why he was in DreamVision with Tony. He was controlling the dream Tony was having. He could make Tony dream whatever he wanted. And somehow, Steve suspected it wasn't something pleasant.
And even though Steve is right here, he
He was also apparently offering Tony his body. And also his lifelong fidelity.
needs it, he knows Tony does. Tony definitely needs this. Tony's been so good, so very good, and so patient, and Tony deserves this.
It didn't sound like it could get much worse than that. But seeing as how the story ended with whatever had happened to Tony's heart, Steve knew it was going to get a lot worse.
Undoing his tie as he walked, Tony maneuvered around the empty tables and collapsed into the chair next to Steve, the one the art-loving woman had occupied, and he scooted himself a little closer. "Long night, huh, Winghead?" he murmured, with a smile.
"Yeah," Tony slurred. "Yeah, okay, go for it." He didn't think he could point to the release catches anymore, so he'd have to describe them. He could do this. He had to keep it together long enough to do this. "On either side of the chestplate, there's--"
Steve nods. "Yeah. That's the offer."
"I'm fine," he assured Tony. It was sort of a lie, because he was miserable, but he wasn't actually dying, and that was what Tony wanted to know. "It happened a couple days ago." That part was definitely a lie, but if he said
He gives Steve a small, hopeful smile, and Steve knows that that's the real him. This isn't an act. Mr. Stark really does want to go out with him.
So when Tony asks for it, when Tony has to ask for it, Steve can practically see his self-esteem take a hit, every single time.
"Steve--"
"Anyway," Steve said, tracing the shape of his hand with one inquisitive fingertip, "Thor took your armor away, so no one else would find out who you were. He got it all out of the way before the paramedics came and then took it back to the mansion. I, uh, didn't really manage to come up with the best cover story; I ended up telling them that you'd been out shopping, missed the evacuation, decided to wait for your bodyguard, and then got caught in the crossfire. And then, since your actual bodyguard couldn't be here, Thor and I have been taking turns at your bedside. Mostly me, though." He grimaced. "It doesn't make you sound very good. I know. I'm sorry."
Uncomfortable, Steve coughs and shifts his weight. "I, uh. Thank you?"
Tony tugged on Steve's hand again, a little more forcefully, and only succeeded in tugging Steve's glove halfway off. Steve pulled back a little and freed his hand entirely, and then set his bare palm gingerly against Tony's faceplate. One finger curled around the edge of an eye-slit, partially obscuring his vision.
In the midst of his panic Tony has to repress the urge to laugh, because, God, he's never forgotten the first words Steve said to him when they met, and it seems like even an amnesiac Steve has exactly the same damn questions.
He took a breath. He had to try to say this so Tony would believe it. He had to use the right arguments. He had to make the logic follow, from A to B to C. But he wasn't good at this. He wasn't smart the same way Tony was smart. He wasn't good at this, like Tony was. And he wasn't
"Hey!" Steve said, sleepy and startled, from somewhere very close by on his left, like he'd just woken up in a hurry, and then Steve's hands on Tony's shoulder were gently pressing him back down to the bed. "Don't you dare try to sit up, mister." Only Steve could make a rebuke sound so affectionate. "They spent hours in surgery stitching you all back together and, uh, I'm not quite sure you have working abdominal muscles right now. And you don't want to test that and be wrong about it, Shellhead."
Silence presses down on them.
"This is going to hurt." Steve's voice was laden with apology. "Sorry."
The screen of his phone, on the charger across the room, was lit up. He'd had it on silent, he realized, and someone had just called him, while he'd been putting away the pictures. He supposed he should see what they wanted. Maybe it was Carol or Jan. Maybe they'd left a message.
Steve's nebulous concern for Iron Man evaporates, replaced by sympathy for the man in front of him right now, with his inexplicable and mysterious condition. What in God's name has happened to Mr. Stark?
"Yep," Steve said, cheerfully. "A rogue. A thief. Going to steal everything. Already stole your heart, didn't I?"
movie theater.
There. That sounded like something the normal Steve Rogers would say.
It's not even the sex that's the best part of the memory, although that had been wonderful. It's waking up in the morning with Steve at his side, Steve half-asleep, illuminated in a golden wash of light from the penthouse windows, tangled in Tony's sheets. Even half-awake his arm curves around Tony's waist and Tony breathes in and breathes out and lets himself trust this.
"What?"
Tony chuckled in what sounded like relief. "Whatever makes you happy," he said. "You look just fine, as far as I'm concerned. Once I was working on a stealth suit prototype and I had to shave everything below the neck and it was itchy as hell growing back--" He paused. "I talk a lot when I'm nervous, don't I?"
He was going to have to do something about that. About his own secret. But not right now. Not yet. Because right now, Tony was coming home with him.
He kept packing. He kept his door shut, this time.
And then he jerked his chin across the table, where the Daily Bugle photographer was standing there, camera in his hands, looking like he couldn't believe what he'd seen.
"Seriously, thank you," Tony said. He glanced down at himself, aggrieved. "And here I am taking up your entire couch. Ugh. My manners. I'm sorry."
And then Tony was finally standing again and -- three, two, one, oh yeah, he had full power. Things were looking up now. Repulsors were online, and he keyed into Steve's private comms.
"Do I ever," Steve said, and, oh God, that was his body clenching around the plug, trying to fuck himself when he couldn't move to get enough stimulation. "Dreamed about seeing you like this for a long time." Steve's smile was soft. "Who's the beautiful one now, huh?"
That wasn't Tony's name. And Tony hated being called
," Steve said, in the voice he'd once used to stand up to Thanos. "It's over, Stone. You're done."
"Well," Steve says, and he can hear the stubbornness in his own voice as he digs his heels in and carves out his territory, as he holds out optimism in both hands, free for the taking. "What if this is the time it finally goes right, huh?"
Standing up, Tony starts to peel apart the remaining two armor plates at his hip. "Don't worry," he says, brightly. "I'm decent." Then he frowns. "For a certain value of
The room is shadowed in the subdued lighting, the servers blinking in incomprehensible patterns. Other than the two of them, it's silent. And that, Steve wasn't expecting. Ghost has to be here somewhere, maybe fifty feet away at most. Probably closer. There's no one else on any of these floors. Steve should be able to hear his heartbeat. He can sure hear Tony's; Tony's cybernetic heart is distinctive, mechanical, and also hammering against his ribcage. But other than Tony, there's... no one.
"I'm offering. It's not a sacrifice to not do something that doesn't do much for me anyway, and even if it were a sacrifice, I'd still do it. I can do without, and you'd like to do without, and I'd like to help." Steve held out his hands, imploring; the worried set of Tony's brow hadn't vanished yet. "And I can see you over there fretting about how you'll feel when it's not three in the morning anymore, you know. And I can't promise I know the future. But I'm hoping you'll feel at least a bit better in the morning. And if you aren't feeling better, we'll reevaluate. Revise the plan. Maybe call someone who knows what it feels like and see if they can help you out. That sound fair?"
But still, maudlin self-pity was better than the alternative, because the alternative was thinking about--
Steve didn't know what Tony thought he had to be sorry for now, but whatever it was, he was certain it wasn't actually Tony's fault.
He mimed what he wanted with his hand, lewd and obscene, his wrist jerking in an imaginary handjob. And Tony, clever Tony,
"I think so," Steve says. "Maybe. And, uh, I think it likes your color scheme. I like your color scheme."
Tony licked his lips. He said nothing.
Steve's throat was like sandpaper. He sipped his tea. It didn't help. "Why didn't you?"
Steve supposes that's a no on raising future children Catholic. He's fine with that, though; it's not like they could even have a church wedding if they wanted one. He half-wonders when it got this serious. It should scare him, shouldn't it? But it doesn't. He just wants
Steve takes a breath -- and then he realizes, as Tony stares back at him, his eyes wide and dazed, that he can't yell at Tony for what he's done. Right now, Tony can't handle him being angry, and Tony's just volunteered himself for a job that's going to take everything he has just to hold himself together.
Tony's voice was unsteady again. "God, do I ever want you. You have no idea how much."
"Mind if I join you?" Steve asks.
. His nerves sing with righteous fury. It's like stepping onto the battlefield.
Tony's hand tightened just a little more, his thumb slipping over the head of Steve's cock with a little more confidence -- Steve was going to bet that he was Tony's first experience with an uncut guy -- but, God, he was so good. Steve couldn't help but rock his hips up, and, wow, that was taking him way too close. If Tony wanted to do anything else with him, it needed to be soon.
"Listen!" Jan cries out, interrupting Tony's spiraling thoughts. "He isn't dead! He's breathing! His eyes -- they're flickering!"
Tony took a slow step forward. Somehow, his eyes had gone frighteningly dull. "The news wasn't saying anything I didn't deserve. They weren't saying anything I've never heard before." He tipped his head to the side and smiled a small, rueful smile. Now his gaze was laced with pain. Steve wanted to tell him he was wrong, but he hadn't the faintest idea how to do it without hurting him more. "You know as well as I do that nearly everything they dug up about me was true. If I hadn't made so many mistakes in my life, there wouldn't be all those scandals attached to my name." He smiled again, even more sadly. "How exactly is it that you would like me to defend myself from the truth?"
He holds out a hand, an offer of support, of intimacy, but Iron Man dodges him, weaving, stumbling as he takes a few steps forward and inside; Steve has to step back so Iron Man doesn't trip over him. He sure looks like he's about to fall over at any second.
Steve imagined that Tiberius wasn't a fan of that.
Tony waited.
, Steve wants to tell him.
Steve doesn't even need to think about it. "Anything."
And he certainly can't tell Jan that. What's he going to say?
Jan half-smiled. "Everything else," she said. "Time to get to work."
Steve nodded, tossed the gag in the box, set the box on the floor next to the bed, and stepped back. He was done vetoing toys for the night, apparently. Tony considered what was left on his bed: the crop that had started it all, the two floggers, the cuffs and chains, that delectable harness, and of course the Iron Man plug.
He's paging through what looks like the morning's
, but Iron Man's already refused Steve's help. That means Steve should just let it drop.
Steve sighs. "Oh, Tony," he murmurs, and then an arm goes around Tony's shoulders, pulling hum back, until he's resting against Steve, pillowed against him. "Your memories make you who you are. You wouldn't be better. You couldn't be."
. Steve's in favor of that, because maybe that means Iron Man will get to have some of the leftovers when they're done. Iron Man had ordered for both of them, and he'd signed the receipt at the door, so Steve supposes he paid too, somehow, but Steve hadn't even seen him tip the guy. Maybe it's one of the things the future does differently, but Steve thinks you should pay someone who brings you something.
Also, that thought was rapidly getting him hard, which was weird and all kinds of confusing and didn't really help when it came to figuring any of this out. But it wasn't like his dick was rational, and going through a box of someone else's toys had already been sort of furtively erotic, if he had to admit it to himself. He'd always liked really good leather, and, oh God,
"That's me," Tony says. Somehow he makes himself smile. "Tony Stark, at your service. I'm very happy to--"
"Or maybe I already know exactly what I want to do with you."
Steve thinks the two of them probably did it deliberately, Tony and Gregory, tried to sound different, the way they tried to look different. Steve's seen Tony in non-public situations quite enough to know that the camp isn't his natural voice, either. But even when he's not putting anything on, his voice is still different. Gentler.
Steve waited five seconds, then ten, making sure there was no one else in earshot. Then he took his lapel mic off and muted himself on the Avengers comm line.
"Quiet, you," Tony said, with all the affection in him. "I'm still workshopping it."
And, most importantly, it was
They can figure out the rest some other time. Right now, he just wants to touch Tony.
, they call it, a phrase that made more sense to Steve only after he'd also seen modern ballparks -- are plush, and the concessions stands sell a whole lot more different kinds of food than he'd ever imagined. But there aren't any newsreels anymore, or cartoons, and the trailers themselves practically give away the entire plot of the whole movie.
One hour, thirty minutes.
Steve's other hand -- the one that isn't desperately clutching Iron Man's -- roves over the plates of the armor, looking for locks, releases,
Tony smiled a tired smile. "I do know that. But the awful thing is, she still wasn't the worst girlfriend I've ever had."
at a time like this, and also because if Steve turned his head he could actually bite Tony's fingers.
"Steve?"
, that was what that was. The rarest metal on the planet was sitting right here in someone's BDSM toybox.
He wasn't going to let her bait him into that one. "If Iron Man is formally charged with a crime," he said, smoothly, "I'd be happy to turn the relevant records over to the proper authorities. But since he hasn't been, I can only conclude that the district attorney agrees with me. Iron Man is completely innocent."
Well, he'd already known he wasn't Tony's Prince Charming.
Steve nodded. "Of course."
If Steve hadn't already known Tony was nowhere near his usual state of mind, that statement would have told him. Tony doesn't like talking about those days. Of course he doesn't want to dwell on it. But sometimes when he's tired, or when he's already had a lousy day, or in the aftermath of a terrible fight, he'll let all the walls fall. And Steve supposes that tonight has been all three of those things.
do when you found out what I was up to?"
Steve can't say he's not tempted, but-- "It's not that you don't want me to, uh, touch you, right? If it could happen, you'd want that?"
, exactly," Steve countered, hoping it would make Tony smile a little more.
"Thank you," Steve says, awkwardly. "It was nice of you."
, Tony's traitorous brain suggested.
It seemed like Steve was already way ahead of him, determined to have Iron Man inside him tonight after all. Tony nearly choked on his own tongue. "God, yes. Wouldn't miss it for the world."
. He looks powerful. He looks dangerous. He
, and, while he wasn't entirely free from worry, he was beginning to feel a lot less skittish. Like he could start to contemplate what the next step would be. What he might, possibly, say to Tony.
"Two eggs, sunny side up," Tony said, proudly. "With toast. Enjoy."
They were both staring at Steve's cock now. It hit Steve with something that wasn't quite shame, was somehow the good version of shame, that he liked Tony looking at him, that he was getting even harder with Tony just
"You did it exactly right," Tony says. "You know how you always tell me that? Well, you did it right too. You did exactly what I needed you to do. There's nothing to apologize for."
Steve needed to leave. He needed to do something, say something, apologize, get the hell out of here.
Iron Man has brought him to a
It's going to be better from now on, if he has anything to say about it.
Steve put a comforting hand on Tony's shoulder. "It's going to be all right. She was the one who dumped you, wasn't she?"
"You are," Steve confesses, breathless. "You always are. Need you so much."
"I can't do the porn-star trick where they put it on with their mouth, sorry," Tony said, but he was grinning. "Actually, do they do that in gay porn? Don't know. Never seen any. But I can do this, though." And he leaned in and licked a broad stripe up the length of Steve's cock.
"Who is it?" he calls out.
He has to keep Tony safe. The way he's going to keep Tony safe is by taking point. He's going to take Ghost down. And if Tony's trailing behind him, that's okay. That just means Tony's safer.
"My phone," Tony says. "And your doctor. Sorry. I have to take this."
"But I-- I loved you too much," Iron Man continues. His eyes fall shut; he's just barely holding back tears. "I loved you too much, and I wanted you too much, and you made me so happy, and I was so lonely. So I lied to myself. I told myself it would be okay to just... have you, just for a little while. I told myself I'd show restraint. I told myself there were lines I wasn't going to cross. I told myself I'd stop before we went too far, before we got too close. I told myself I'd come clean then. I'd tell you the truth. And if I couldn't do that, I'd probably just leave you, and that would be the end of it." He's crying in earnest now; a muffled sob comes through the speakers.
"I know," Steve said, although he didn't really know, did he? "I bet if you talked to him, he'd tell you what was going on," he suggested. "There has to be an explanation. And if there isn't, well..."
"It's not
"What do you think?" Tony murmurs in his ear. "Should we do something about that? You've been so good to me. I'd like to be good to you too."
It made sense. Tony had been gaslit so much, hurt so much, that it was hard for him to trust Steve right now. Of course it was going to be difficult for him to see what Steve saw in him. Maybe it always would be.
, for yourself, first and foremost. And you're a good man, an amazing man, so I'm sure you'll find that person."
"Are you kidding me?" Tony said. "That's the
"Two for you," he said, sliding two pieces of cheese pizza onto Jan's plate. "And two for me," he continued, opening up the pepperoni. He glanced over speculatively at Steve. "And only one of each for Cap, because we all know he'll be too polite to take more until everyone else has had enough."
"I know," Steve said, and that probably hadn't been the right thing to say, but he didn't know what was. "I know it wasn't you. I read your report. Of course it wasn't your fault. I know you'd never have killed him. I've got your back. Always.
Steve slaps the sticker on the middle of his chest, right in the center of the star. The little Iron Man figure glitters in the sunlight.
This was the sort of thing that people got help doing, Steve knew. Other people brought their biggest, strongest, scariest friends with them when they confronted their abusers. Steve knew he was nowhere near Tony's biggest or strongest friend, but he was more than strong enough to face down any baseline human. And he could definitely manage
Books.
Steve doesn't know where the question comes from, for all that he's the one who asks it; he certainly hasn't been planning to ask it. But it seems right. He and Iron Man have been together for months. He's serious about Iron Man, he'd like to think Iron Man is serious about him, and it just... seems like something he should know. He should find out if they're on the same page here.
Tony turns the little device over in his hands. "I've never actually seen one this small before," he says, "and right now I don't want to talk about why I know what one is or how to use one -- or I
are you going to tell me what it is we're seeing? I missed the sign on the way in."
To underscore his point, he smacked Steve lightly on the ass with his free hand, and Steve's body convulsed around his fingers in shuddering pleasure as a surprised reply was jolted out of Steve's mouth. "Fuck," Steve said, obscenely and very precisely. "Please, sir, another."
He tucks himself away with some difficulty and manages to zip up his fly.
Tony had a talent for getting under his skin, but not always the way that sounded. Sure, sometimes it was in irritation, in anger. But sometimes, like now, it felt like Tony had reached inside him when he wasn't looking, had found his soul, had pressed himself up against it in a way no one should have been able to. But Tony knew him. Tony had always known him. This was how they'd worked. He felt exposed, exposed in a way he hadn't known it was possible to be exposed. It was honestly more than a little frightening, finding out he'd already let Tony in like this.
Or maybe he would have been.
"Hey, Steve." Tony's voice was rough, scratchy. Sad. Lonely. He sounded like he'd been crying. "I know I'm probably the last person you want to hear from ever again in your life. I don't blame you for letting this go to voicemail. I'll be lucky if you don't delete this without listening to it. Oh, God."
and you know it--"
Steve sounded less calm now. Less calm, more plaintive. More desperate. He was still staring at the wound. Tony didn't blame him.
Tony opened his mouth and shut it again. "There was more I wanted to say," he added, softly. "But I think it can wait until tomorrow. Already said the important part. I'm tired."
"Cap?" It was Carol. She sounded oddly wary. "Cap, can I come in?"
Next Wednesday will be six months to the day since Steve asked Iron Man to go out with him.
"Yeah," Steve agreed, and then Tony's hand sped up ever so slightly and Steve damn near lost it right then. He hadn't thought he was that close, but, apparently, it was enough for him that it was Tony.
"Because you were
"I'm not looking to change you," Steve clarifies. "I like who you are an awful lot. But I just thought, maybe-- maybe I could keep you company, if you'll have me."
"Yes?"
"That's putting it mildly," Steve said. Mostly he'd been terrified that Sharon had somehow figured out he was secretly queer and that was why she'd offered; he'd known that hadn't made any sense, but, well, he'd been scared anyway. "It wasn't what I learned. And I wasn't brave enough back then, before the ice, to admit it to anyone other than myself -- I barely admitted it to myself -- but that was what I secretly wanted most of all. I wanted to be brave enough to do the thing that made you gay. The thing that was the most special. And then I woke up in the future and met you and, well, I wanted to do that with you. Because you were the most special to me. You still are." He smiled. "You don't have to. Of course you don't have to. If it wouldn't make you happy, I'd be fine without it. But it would really mean a lot to me if that were something you wanted, too."
"No," Tony says, in Steve's ear. His voice is hoarse, and his affect is all wrong; there's somehow too much feeling in the word and too little all at the same time. "No, I'm not okay. It's wrong inside my head." His speech is slow and labored. "I feel-- upset. Unreal. Alone. Alone and it hurts."
Tony stared at him. "I thought you were seeing someone," he blurted out, and that was entirely the wrong move, because he hadn't said yes, and now Steve was going to think he didn't want him--
Thinking about it like that would probably have made Tony feel unsafe. So he probably wasn't thinking about it like that.
Iron Man shrugs again and has another sip of coffee. "Oh, that? That was nothing. There's no trick to it or anything. You just kind of have to, well, remember what it was like to be a kid, and think of what you would have wanted an adult to tell you. Then you just... be that person. You pretend."
He slowly lowered his hands and unclenched his fists, and, oh, that definitely didn't feel right--
Iron Man's grip relaxes, so Steve can free himself if he wants. He doesn't want to.
"And yet," Tony said, pressing himself a little closer to the side of the warehouse and thereby closer to Steve, "here I am, at your service, and it's not even date night. We could have been going skinny-dipping in the Mountain hot springs again if you'd played your cards right."
Iron Man makes him so very happy. Being with him is just so... easy. Steve knows that wouldn't be a lot of people's first thought when it comes to dating a fella in a metal suit, but it's not about that. Iron Man makes him laugh. Iron Man makes him smile. Iron Man is the best partner he's ever had; on the battlefield, they move like they're two halves of one person. Iron Man always knows where he is, and he's there to catch Steve if he falls -- and that's not even metaphorical.
Tony was having trouble seeing how in the world this could be a problem.
Avengers don't get days off.
Steve knows, looking at him, that they're already on, because Tony's standing there in slippers and silken pajamas. The scarlet robe wrapped around him is monogrammed on the breast: AES. Tony hates being called Anthony. It's a luxurious outfit, something one would expect from the idle rich, lounging about on their leisurely mornings. If Steve touched it, it would be soft, satiny; it probably has a thread count higher than Steve could ever guess.
"Well." Mr. Stark's smile is once again tinged with sadness. "I guess we'll see about that, won't we?"
"No," an older woman says urgently, "there's-- in 4-A, Beth's still at work, but her son just got home from school." She points at the window that Iron Man entered.
, Tony! It says nothing about you--"
And there hadn't been anything else he'd rather have done. Of course he was going to want to hold Tony. Tony wasn't going to want to know that.
Yeah, this is already a good idea and they haven't even started yet.
On the other end of the line, Jan's sigh is audible. "I'm so sorry to have to do this to you, Cap. I know I promised you the day off for your anniversary. But I really need you in the field as soon as possible."
Steve meant what he said to Mr. Stark: Iron Man doesn't have to tell him anything he doesn't want to. He's not going to pry. Iron Man's secrets are his own. Iron Man is here, and that's enough for him.
God. She would have been right, if it had been about anything else. But she had no idea what this was like.
Tony still didn't talk when the kettle started whistling, or when Steve hopped down from the counter, put a tea bag in each cup, poured the water, and waited for the tea to steep. A few minutes later, he removed the bags, and carried the mugs, one in each hand, back to the living room. That was when Tony at least raised his head.
. He wants everything.
But, God, he
-- tangled together and stuck in his throat. He stood there, mute.
Well, that was just downright
-- well, it almost made Steve want to cry.
"Steve." He dropped Steve's hand, reached up, tried to touch Steve's shoulder, and missed entirely. "There's-- there's something else I want you to know."
Steve leaned over and clinked his glass against Tony's. "To friendship," he repeated. "And to your health, while we're at it." He drank.
"Captain?"
with the conflicting statement
By the time they get everything sorted out with the fire department, it's almost dinnertime, and Iron Man suggests they go back home and -- so he says --
Steve winced. Duane Freeman hadn't made any calls to them yet -- at least, none that Steve knew about -- but the prospect didn't exactly fill Steve with happiness. While Freeman had no direct control over the team roster, he was definitely capable of tangling up the Avengers' lives with far more red tape than necessary if he had a point to make. Steve's jaw tightened. He glanced over at Jan. She looked equally unenthused. After several more seconds, Tony turned the paper right side up.
He heads to the couches, sits, and Steve obligingly joins him. Next to him, only a foot or so away, when there were a dozen other seats he could have taken. Tony pushes back another shiver --
"He'd always want something for it," Tony said. "You probably figured that out, huh? He didn't do it much. He said he didn't like it. But he'd always make sure I knew how nice he was being, going to all that trouble for me. So when you said that, I tried to think of... what you might want. And I couldn't think of anything. I didn't know what you wanted. And that was what freaked me out. And I know you wouldn't do that, I
"I didn't
They don't spend a great deal of their time together here at Stark Tower. Tony's usually here by himself, on those nights when work keeps him too late to easily come home afterward. This place isn't their home, not like the mansion is. But Steve's been here often enough to know his way around, and his feet carry him unerringly to the bedroom.
Mr. Stark looks like he wants to laugh and cry at the same time. "You'd think that, wouldn't you?" he murmurs to himself. "I know what it looks like," he continues, a little louder. "But, no. I'm not jealous."
Mr. Stark squints at him. "Are you all right there, Captain? Is something wrong? You look a little-- I don't know--"
God, Steve was a dream. He was everything you could never actually do to a real person, but you could do it all to him. Tony still couldn't believe Steve was really letting him do this.
"If you insist," Stephen says, relenting. "I suppose I'll go tell the rest of the club about this little reversal. Wouldn't want any unpleasant surprises, after all."
"I did that to myself once too, you know," Tony said, sympathetically. Not tenderly. Steve had to be hearing things. "A long time ago. Just after you'd joined the team, I think. I barely knew how to fight, back then. Only broke one, unlike you, and it still took a whole month to heal. Then Happy taught me how to throw a punch the right way, and I never made that mistake again." He looked up again, and Steve could practically see the gears in Tony's brain turning... and then jamming. "You, though," Tony said, deep in thought. "What the hell did
, it's-- it's everything I've ever wanted. I'm dead serious. I can't think of anything I've ever wanted in my life more than this. God."
He supposes that if you're dating a fella who lives his life in armor, you can't exactly expect any of it to be normal. It doesn't bother Steve, anyhow. It isn't like a lot of things about him are normal either.
good. That's something I know. You, uh. You might have caught me telling that to the whole world on national television." He could feel his face heat up. He wasn't going to apologize for caring about Tony, but he'd really gone out there with his heart on his sleeve. And Tony had seen that, even if he'd never know the full extent of Steve's feelings for him.
Now it was Tony's turn to pout. "I mean, you don't have to," Tony said. He stared down at his plate, poked the side of his bagel with his butter knife, and didn't even pick the bagel up. "Of course you don't have to. I just-- Ty was my best friend, growing up. And it'd mean a lot to me to get to introduce you to him. Because you're-- you're my best friend now, you know?" Tony's complexion was a little too dark to blush, but the smile he directed at his plate was small and embarrassed. "I think you'd like him. I hope you'd like him." His words came slower now, halting. "Maybe it's silly of me, hoping all my friends will get along--"
Tony winces. Of course he winces. Steve's angry at him, and Steve already knew he couldn't take that. He still can't.
That stopped around about the time he tried to beat Tony's face in.
"Better than all right," Steve says. "Feel free to do that any time." He thinks about it and amends his statement. "Maybe not in the middle of battle. Any other time."
Honestly, it hadn't occurred to Steve before, and he's not sure how it didn't, because now that he's said it it seems patently obvious as an explanation for his behavior.
The words didn't make sense at first. "He-- he
"Tony," Steve breathed. "Oh, Tony, that's so nice."
Mr. Stark makes a strangled noise that might be a laugh. Steve can't bear to look at him.
Tony blinked, his gaze focusing. "Oh, God," he said. "I'm so sorry. I know it's you, Steve. I just-- I panicked."
Oh, God. Steve held Tony closer. The pain in Tony's voice was agonizing. His whole life later, and it hadn't stopped hurting.
God. This entire conversation was a
"Maybe I don't want to be your friend," Tony said, low and quiet and harsh, which upon reflection was probably one of the least explicable things he'd ever said to Steve, but he didn't really have time to think about it because by then he'd hooked one hand into the neck of Steve's uniform and wrapped the other hand around the back of Steve's head, and he was kissing him.
"Okay, no," Steve said. "This is going to be a little undignified, then, sorry."
It's different than touching the armor. It's a ridiculously self-evident thing to think, but it's also true. The fabric under Steve's fingers is soft. Even though the metal of the armor is warm, the heat of Iron Man's body is different, more diffuse. Steve can feel him through the cloth: the bones of his fingers, the muscles padding his hand. He has long fingers. He's
And with that, he climbed onto the bed, straddling Steve's legs, sitting down on his thighs, pressing him down into the mattress. Sure, Steve had the strength to lift him, or to throw him off if he wanted, but an extra couple hundred pounds was definitely going to increase that glorious agony he was currently feeling. Steve was trembling. His cock was so hard that Tony wondered if the slightest touch would set him off. With all the good cheer that only the opportunity for really excellent sadism could ever give him, Tony grinned down at Steve, proceeded to ignore Steve's cock entirely, and instead slid his hands up Steve's stomach to pinch his nipples, as Steve cried out and twisted beneath him.
"You all right there?" Steve calls out, as Tony lets the chestplate drop to the floor. Thank God he doesn't need that anymore, but Steve hopes his heart is charged up. There's a lurid line of bruising all across Tony's ribs where the side of the chestplate hit the side of the Quinjet. Tony is so very lucky it wasn't worse.
"Yeah," Steve growled, "I'd say you made a hell of a lot of mistakes, all right."
This was going to be bad.
"Gonna mess you up even more," Tony panted. "Gonna shoot all over you," he added, and Steve moaned and rocked up, then whimpered again in renewed pain. "And you're going to come with that plug up your ass, that plug I put there, that plug that's all mine, hurting because I made you hurt, because you're
Steve freezes. His heart races, his hand jerks on the mouse, and he accidentally closes the browser window, which is probably for the best, as no one else needs to know right now what he's doing. He can tell other people later, after Iron Man says yes. But this is private. This is secret. And Mr. Stark is presumably well-mannered enough not to go around telling other people Steve's secrets. So it's going to be okay.
. Okay, so Steve hadn't exactly been intending for him to know that quite yet, but the sentiment remains unchanged.
"You were there at the time," Steve pointed out. "I don't think you... noticed. So I guess my advantage was that I was already a little bit pissed at him, so that when more evidence came up I hadn't written him off."
"Actually," Steve says, with all the courage in him, "I'd like his ring size."
Ghost's head tips to the side; if it were Tony, Steve would read that as confusion. It's probably still confusion. He's still wary, but his hands slacken on the keyboard. He definitely wasn't expecting Steve to engage with him.
Tony just kept staring. He didn't know what to say, which turned out to be extremely bad because Steve kept talking.
. Because the thing you do with murderers, apparently, is
Tony's gaze went bright, focused; yeah, he'd figured out where Steve was going already. But he was silent, thoughtful for a few seconds. "I've heard it," he said, finally. He rubbed his jaw. He was getting fidgety again. "I'm not familiar with it enough that I know what the basis for it is or whether the science checks out."
"Mmm," Steve said, thoughtfully. "You ever considered the idea that you might be wrong about that particular fact?"
"Oh, good," Steve says, relieved. But he's still curious. "I know it wasn't the right one, but what's PTFE, anyway?"
At two hours, he did what he should have done an hour ago and pinged Tony's identicard. The commands took him three tries to type; his fingers trembled. It was still in the Stone building. It hadn't moved. In fact, it hadn't moved at all in about an hour and a half, to judge from the location history. It hadn't moved so much as an inch.
Steve could only imagine how exhausted Tony was. "If you want to sleep like that, I'm happy to stay right here. Wherever you'll be the most comfortable."
"Yep," Steve confirmed. "He never published it in his lifetime because he knew they wouldn't let him keep the happy ending, apparently. And that was what he wanted."
"I like to think about you tying me down and working me over," Steve murmured. "Then you fuck me, and when you're done you plug me up so you can keep your come inside me. That's about when I come, usually."
After Hank had left, Jan looked up at Steve; there was a worried expression in her eyes. "You don't actually mind talking about the team, do you?"
The noise Tony made might have been a laugh. "You're right. That
Steve shuts the door and smiles quietly to himself. He can't stop smiling.
None of that was what Tony had asked, either.
touching him, did it for Steve like nothing else in his life.
The relief in Tiberius' eyes was unmistakable. It lasted for a fraction of a second, and then it was gone. But they both knew. Tiberius knew exactly what Steve had just done.
"You don't deserve what they're doing to you," Steve said, softly, infusing the words with every scrap of feeling he had. "What they're saying about you. It's not true. You know you don't deserve it."
"I know you hate the cold." Tony's voice is laden with apology. "I'm sorry."
. Steve can't stop grinning.
"Do you mind if I--" Tony begins, hesitant, and he curls his fingers over the waistband of his underwear. It's the only thing he's still wearing. And that doesn't answer the question Steve has, either; it just pushes it to the forefront.
That wasn't the reaction Steve was hoping for.
Iron Man puts one gauntleted hand on his shoulder and slides it, metal scraping over scale mail, to the middle of Steve's back, and he pulls him close. Steve takes one wobbling step forward, uncertain with his eyes shut, and his foot bumps what has to be one of Iron Man's boots. He opens his mouth to apologize.
But pleasure, Tony knew, was better mixed with pain, so he stepped back and hit Steve again, again, again, until he couldn't count the blows, until Steve couldn't do more than sob, until his sides were heaving. Tony was sweating. His arms were sore, aching. Steve's ass and thighs were a solid mess of black and blue welts; he looked like he'd been in an accident. It would be gone by morning, but it looked like it hurt enough now. Tony could see why it would have terrified most other tops. But as far as he was concerned Steve was goddamn beautiful like this.
He could feel his own face heat up; he hoped Steve couldn't see. Steve was probably just high on his own endorphins and would say anything right now. That made more sense.
At least the program wasn't going to air until the evening. He had, what, four or five more hours before Tony found out exactly what he'd done? And if Tony was in the mood to talk to him afterwards, he had that long to figure out what he was going to say to him.
He was with Tiberius Stone, and they were kissing.
"If it's sleep you want," Steve offered, "I can think of something nice we can do that might even get you to fall asleep after. If you're interested."
Tony looked like he wanted to go right back to Manhattan and punch Tiberius in the face. "Excuse me. He said
"Uh," Tony said.
Tony was handsome, of course, but it wasn't about that. It had never been about that. But it definitely didn't hurt -- except that now it actually kind of did. Tony looked about half-ready for a day at the office; his shirt was buttoned all the way up, and his jacket and tie were piled on the chair next to him, atop his briefcase. He wasn't the fella from the headlines. He was just
hands. He learned to draw. Then he learned to fight. And since then, since Rebirth, his entire body has been in the service of a goal. Liberty. Justice. Fighting the good fight. He's never been valued for this. He wasn't made for pleasure.
Five minutes later, Steve had scrounged up a pair of sweatpants and an old t-shirt from the lockers next to the gym, Carol had done her magical clothing transformation into something more appropriate, and they stood across from each other on the largest of the mats.
"Really?"
But even if Tony really had been a legitimate suspect, even if he had actually merited a news story about his involvement in the murder, this wasn't how anyone who loved him should have run that story. Hell, this wasn't even how an impartial news network should have run that story. They should have gone to Tony first, while they were drafting the segment. They should have interviewed him, or at least his lawyers. They should have gotten his side of the story. They should have presented both sides. They should have reported all the facts, and let the truth speak for itself. That was your goddamn
"Yeah," Steve said. "Yeah, Tony, it's me. Hey, hey, wait, don't--"
Steve remembered the look of horror on Tony's face, last night, when he'd told him Tiberius had figured out Steve had feelings for Tony. Tony had learned all of this last night, and Steve hadn't learned it until right now. Tony had known that Tiberius had known about
"I don't dictate what my people report on," Tiberius continued. "Milo Stevens, God rest his soul, was in charge of that." His gaze flickered, downcast, his mouth pulling down into an expression of perfect grief.
Before Tony could reply, Steve kissed him. Tony's mouth opened under his, and though Tony hummed in pleasure, though his breath caught as he rocked up against Steve, he didn't try to take control of the kiss in the slightest, content to leave it up to Steve, to let himself be kissed. The message was clear: it was Steve's show now. He wanted Steve to take care of him. Steve could do that. It wasn't so different from the rest of the night, when he thought about it like that. It wasn't so different from a lot of things that had happened in the course of their friendship. They took care of each other. Steve was just taking care of him in a very specific way. It was everything they'd already had, but
Confused, Steve blinked at him. "Tony, you think I--?"
Steve wondered exactly when and how Tony had learned that other people got to touch him however they liked. He probably didn't really want to know the answer to that.
Here is the last good memory that Tony has.
"And here I am in your room," Tony said, with another smile. "Different room, but still yours. It just took me a little longer than that. Got lost on the way." He reached out, fingers not quite encircling Steve's cock. "Can I...?"
"I said I'd back you," Steve said, softly, but fiercely. "I said
"I know a lot of things, Cap," Tony said, too worn out and tired to come up with anything wittier than that. "I'm a futurist. It's kind of in the job description."
Tony wasn't going to be his friend anymore.
Yes, Mr. Stark may have had some unkind things to say about Iron Man, but surely even the cruelest man wouldn't do that. This has to be about something else. It has to. He
. A whole new kink. That's what Tony's discovered.
him. He's not holding back. Steve never just takes what he wants, not like this. This is Steve just letting go, and it's the hottest thing Tony has experienced. Also, literally.
Relief flooded Tony's face. "Oh, thank God. I thought for a minute you broke your back. Okay. Whew. You should see the goose egg on your head, though, Jesus. Speaking of--" he waved his other hand in Steve's field of vision. "You want to tell me how many fingers I'm holding up?"
, Steve thinks, but he doesn't know if he should say it. Maybe that's not what Tony wants.
"Thank you for telling me," he said, finally. "It means a lot to me that you told me. And I'm not going to bench you. Of course I'm not going to. I told you that already and I meant it. I want you on this team. There's no one else I'd rather have at my side." Steve meant that in several more ways than Tony knew about. "If you tell me you can fight, then you can fight. I'm not about to second-guess your estimation of your own abilities."
"It's on you?" Steve echoes.
Tony was smiling while kissing him; the edges of his lips quivered. It was a beautiful sight. He switched from one side to the other, making sure nothing was neglected, leaning a little bit more of his weight on Steve as he did so, which also felt amazing. He could really get used to being with someone who was nearly his size -- hell, someone who was currently borrowing his clothes. There was an odd kind of joy in it, being so close to someone who was so alike. He'd never known it would be like this, either; it was a secret that had been here waiting for him all his life, until he was ready for it. He liked that.
"Shh, easy, easy," Tony breathed. "I've got you." He looked up and met Steve's eyes, his expression suddenly serious. "More?"
It was like punching an oncoming train.
"Oh," Tony says, brightly, "I'd have lied if it hadn't meant that. I'd have said something else was an octothorp. It wasn't like Ghost was going to know either. But yeah, no, it is. Pound sign."
"I know so," Tony said. He was still smiling, smiling wide, his lips flushed red and shining. God, he was beautiful. He was beautiful and he was happy and he was going to let Steve try to make him even happier. It was more than Steve could ever have dreamed.
"Yes?"
"DreamVision." Tony's voice was rough. "I keep wondering whether I'm actually awake, or whether this is all going to turn into another nightmare." He seemed to be contemplating the ceiling; he was a million miles away. "It wasn't at all like the demonstration. Ty could construct virtual worlds, on the fly. Thanks to the telepathy, he could make them out of my memories. His memories. Anything he could imagine. He could imagine an awful lot. And the telepathy wasn't just passive, either. He could make me...
Mordo began to rise. Tony was about ninety-seven percent sure he wasn't hallucinating. Mordo was actually floating. Up and up and then through the ceiling. To the next floor.
, that had been
Steve supposes that Mr. Stark needs his driver and his bodyguard at Stark Industries tomorrow. It makes sense; he's a busy man. Still, it doesn't mean that Steve, imperfect and human as he is, doesn't feel the slightest twinge of jealousy: he wants to spend as much time with Iron Man as he possibly can.
"I just-- I wanted to kiss you goodnight."
Tony was suddenly very glad for all those years of PR training and Avengers poker nights, as they were currently the only things enabling him to keep his face impassive. He dared a glance around the room. Jan and Steve were both looking on with identical expressions of bland curiosity. Either they were just as good at faking it -- unlikely, when it was Steve -- or they actually didn't know what was in that box. Tony did.
He can have Steve.
It's a good thing that no one decides to attack New York the next day, because Steve's in no condition to fight. All he can think about, with mounting, pleasantly-nervous anticipation, is what's going to happen that night: Iron Man has some kind of plan, and Steve doesn't know what it is, but he's positive that he's going to like it. It's going to involve
perfect."
Tony comes down the main stairs, and the man in red, white, and blue sitting on a chair at the side of the room stands up, pulls his cowl back, and holds out his hand. He's smiling a smile that simultaneously warms Tony's heart and makes his chest seize up.
"We have those signs and countersigns," Steve offered. "The ones for Skrulls. You know them all."
, finally, right in a way he could hardly describe.
But now Steve isn't just warm. He's undeniably hot, fever-hot. At this distance, Tony can see that his eyes are just a little brighter than they should be, and there's a fine sheen of sweat along his jaw.
"But then, well," Tony continues, with a rueful smile, and Steve --
Twenty minutes.
That's when Steve, without really thinking about it, reaches out and takes Iron Man's hand in one of his. He's never touched Iron Man with his bare hands before. The striations of the metal of his gauntlet press against Steve's questing fingertips, and Steve runs his fingers up the back of Iron Man's hand to his forearm, in mingled surprise and pleasure, because--
It was the easiest thing in the world to roll them over. Tony relaxed against him, his body loose and pliant, and he clung to Steve, very pleasantly, as Steve tipped them both to the side and over. On his back now, Tony sank into the mattress, everything in him gone languid and easy. He tipped his head back and Steve felt a shudder run through Tony's body, as Tony arched up against him as if borne by a wave.
Tony held out his empty hand. He wiggled his fingers, expectantly.
He reached in, found a cloth bag within the box, and worked his hand past the drawstring. He felt the brush of leather loops against his fingertips, and knew what he had before he pulled the bag out of the box, and then the bag's contents out of the bag. First one flogger and then another, smaller one were revealed before him. Like the crop, they were both clearly used -- the leather had been broken in -- and they were well-cared-for by their mysterious owner, the leather conditioned and cleaned. They were expensive, too. Tony fingered the soft leather in admiration. One of the floggers was softer than the other, suede rather than finished leather, brushed delicately into readiness. The grips of both were sturdy, the falls untangled. This wasn't any of your porn-store pleather shit. Whoever owned this box believed in paying good money for good gear. Tony was beginning to admire them already.
God, Tony had-- he'd cared so much, hadn't he? That was just how he'd always been. Unfailingly kind and generous. Unstinting with his affection.
"So are you," Steve tells him, and he thinks Iron Man is smiling.
Slowly, carefully, Tony reached out with two fingers and traced Steve's jawline. "You can have this," he said, and Steve shivered under him like the day they'd pulled him out of the ice.
"All right," Steve said, keeping his voice gentle. "We can do that. You can stay as long as you need."
Wanda stuck her head in, and Pietro wasn't far behind her. She was breathing heavily, like she'd been running. Pietro, of course, looked like he hadn't been. But he probably had.
"He knew," Steve said, bitterly. "He knew it was mutual, didn't he?"
Tony raises his eyebrows. "Yeah?"
"You know," Ghost rasps, "if you had just let me walk out of here with that hard drive like I'd wanted to, just a simple copy and deletion, none of this would have happened." He drags Steve backwards to the computer that Steve had forced him away from. The chair is askew, not quite in front of the computer. Steve's head lolls forward. Ghost shifts the gun to the back of Steve's skull. Exasperated, Ghost sighs. "So we're going to have to do this the hard way. You shouldn't have interfered. This is all your fault, Iron Man."
"I want this," Tony told him. "I want this so much. I told myself it couldn't be you, but, God, Steve, if you only knew how many years I've spent trying not to think about you like this..."
"More," Iron Man agrees, softly. His voice is halting, like he thinks Steve will say no now that he knows what Iron Man wants. Steve gets the impression Iron Man doesn't tell too many people what he actually wants. But Iron Man definitely wants this.
Everything fell into focus all at once. Tony hadn't gotten his message -- any of his messages -- because he'd been with Tiberius all night, because they'd been-- God, because they'd been--
"Oh?"
"Can I...?" Steve begins, but Tony shakes his head.
"You sure you want to make that offer?" Iron Man asks. "You never know. I could be a vampire."
Steve's face is burning. "Well," he says, wrong-footed, sheepish. "We both know I can't keep you in the style to which you're accustomed."
And now it's happening inside his mind.
," Tony said, his voice breaking in anger, in pain, a terrible rasp of self-hatred. "And I trust you, I do, but I trusted him too. But he was hurting me. He'd been hurting me for years and I didn't even realize it. So what if I'm wrong now? How would I know? How the hell would I know?" Oh, God. Of course Tony couldn't trust his own judgment, could he? Tony gave an awful sob. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that, I'm sorry, I didn't--"
-- Steve had laid claim to it, to prevent Thor from opening it, that meant Tony had to step up. Take one for the team.
Oh, he's grateful for the rest of the Avengers -- Ant-Man and the Wasp are able fighters and good teammates, and he's sure glad they have someone like Thor on their side -- but no one compares to Iron Man. Not even any of his old Invaders. They're just... perfectly in sync. Matched.
He could have been there for purely business-related reasons, an Avenger needing to talk to his team leader. That confrontation with Ghost Rider a few days ago had gotten a little hairier than any of them had expected, and it was probably a good idea to talk to Steve and try to get a sense of what was going to end up in Steve's mission report, and what areas he thought they had to work on. He did tend to expect the best of everyone; it was one of the many things Tony liked about him, and Tony had suspected for a long time that the fact that Steve managed to actually get the best out of everyone was his secret, undocumented superpower.
Carol wasn't there. She'd pulled up out of the dive and was floating a couple feet away from him, her hands up, palms out. Groggily, he processed this as surrender. It wouldn't have been a surrender from Tony.
get off staring at you in a mirror. If you're taking a vote."
Ordinarily, Steve probably wouldn't have mentioned a thing like that. He wasn't ashamed of having a pornography collection; he figured most guys had one. He was just private about it. It wasn't anyone else's business, and it wasn't exactly the kind of thing most people thought Captain America did; the subject had never come up with most of his girlfriends, and he assumed most of them had thought he didn't watch it. He didn't usually want to, when he was with someone. But in this particular case he'd figured that he was single, he wasn't going to be with a man anytime soon, and it was a safe way to, well, explore his sexuality.
"Probably not," Tony agreed, but he sure didn't sound like he was going to stop. "Anyway. So my armor, which thought it was in love with me and which was also insanely jealous, decided that if it couldn't have me, no one was going to either. It was going to be a better Iron Man than I was. You know, the usual. So it flew me to a desert island and was trying to kill me. That was when I had the second heart attack." He gestured at his chest. "And that's when this happened."
After that one close call, the rest of the fight is easy. Sadly, the Masters of Evil scatter before anyone can round them up -- and Steve still isn't sure what it would take to make Asgardians stay put, anyway -- but at least there are no civilian casualties, no team casualties, and no property damage. It's been a good day for Earth's mightiest heroes. He wonders if maybe it could be an even better one.
Tony reaches out again, manages to actually grab Steve's hand this time, and tugs him forward. "Come on," he says, and he arches his hips. "I need that in me, soldier."
Tony shrugged, as much of a shrug as he could ever manage in armor. "One of Doctor Strange's friends."
Mr. Stark is.
Tony could feel himself trying to smile. "I know. But I want to tell you. You should know who-- who I am. I want you to know. It's important."
Holding out his hands, he takes a step closer, but Mr. Stark waves him away.
"I know I've told you this before." Mr. Stark's voice is cold, harsh; his eyes are like clouded ice. "But maybe this time you'll listen to me. I'm telling you this because you're making a mistake. There are things about Iron Man that you don't know--" he holds up one finger, stabbing the air, trying to forestall the objection that he already knows Steve is going to make-- "and I know you think they're not important, but they
The upside, the doctors say, after a few weeks of observation, is that it's not likely to kill him -- or at least not anytime soon. It's not progressing at anywhere near the rate of a typical case of Hanahaki disease. Barring any sudden acceleration, they tell his grateful parents, he may very well be able to live a normal life.
Oh, he'd made subs cry before, of course he had. But none of it had approached this, the utter perfection of watching Steve letting himself break apart in Tony's hands and trusting Tony to keep him safe and put him back together.
"But he
Steve glanced over again. Tony clearly didn't know what it was either; his brow was furrowed in confusion. That made Steve feel a little better. At least he wasn't the only one.
Oh. This was how it was going to be.
Right. That was definitely enough of that. Tony stepped forward to the edge of the railing and held up his hands, letting the repulsors charge. Flag Smasher's head snapped up at the whining noise, and Tony savored the muttered obscenity.
He hadn't quite figured out yet how Tony liked to be kissed. Tony had made some inroads into their lifetime drought of kisses, all right, but they'd all been different. And none of them had been precisely this, the way you wanted to kiss someone to really get them going. And he didn't know exactly what Tony liked, in that regard.
Oh. Another miscommunication. Iron Man thought he was asking for-- well. Steve puts all thoughts of that out of his mind. Iron Man's identity is obviously his own. Steve isn't going to pry.
Tony sipped his scotch again. "Also not a crime, you know."
"I'm sure," Steve tells him. How could he say no now? He's sure.
"It's okay, Cap," Iron Man says over comms. "I've got this."
. But he could do it, practically speaking. In every other respect, he couldn't. He pictured Tony holding him tight, Tony's body wrapped around his, the paradox of having Tony exactly where he wanted and never close enough at the very same time.
"I want you to stay right here," Tony told him. He drew one finger down to Steve's belt buckle, and Steve swallowed hard. "I want to watch every second. And I want to help."
"I'll figure it out." Steve's throat is tight. "If he says yes, everything else is just details. We'll find a way. I'm sure of it. The important part is whether he says yes. That's what matters. That's the only thing that matters."
Tony blinks up at him. His eyes are too reflective, filled with tears. He's not crying yet. But it's a near thing. It's probably a lot to come to terms with.
"What?"
Tony smiled and dipped his head. "I don't have anything here to attach the chains to that's stronger than you, so you're going to have to be your own attachment points. Think of it like bodyweight exercises, and-- oh--"
starts kissing him.
"Wow," Steve said, amazed. Sure, he'd told Tony he'd thought it was going to happen, but he hadn't thought it was going to be this soon. It hadn't even been a whole day. "Looks like his luck just ran out."
"I know what an apology is." Steve's voice wavers, uncertain. He doesn't want to sound cruel or cold. He doesn't want to ruin this. He's trying. "We had those in the forties." He attempts a smile.
Oh. He had his eyes shut. Thinking was very hard.
"Can I," Tony began to say, and then he stopped and bit his lip. There was a flash of something that might have been fear in his eyes. Like he'd learned he wasn't allowed to ask for anything he wanted. Like he expected no one to consider what he wanted.
The date was perfect. The film was great, as always, and they spent the whole ride chatting about the differences between the version Steve had seen so long ago and the one now -- and, of course, about Iron Man's fondness for the robot.
"Pity?" Steve echoed, confused. "Why in God's name would you think it was pity?"
Someone knocked on the door behind Steve, presumably having leaned into the room to do so. They'd left the door open, since the meeting was hardly classified, and also sometimes the rest of the team did have questions to bring up to whoever was chair. It was nice to be findable.
That made him Thor's problem. Tigra's problem? No, Thor's problem. Tony couldn't think. He looked down at himself and saw that he had one gauntleted hand splayed across his stomach, metal clanking against metal, like this was the best solution his agony-dulled brain had managed to come up with.
God. This was why Tony had wanted a drink so badly. In a sense, he'd already had one.
So he hadn't been worried, per se, when, after the end of a presentation he'd been asked to give about Resilient in some nameless corporate boardroom, the door had opened again while he'd been standing there putting his briefcase away. He hadn't even turned around.
He hadn't been lying when he'd said it was skin-tight, either; as the armor peels away Steve can see Tony's well-developed biceps. Steve had known perfectly well that the muscles were real, but that's a very different thing from seeing them in person.
Well, Steve sure hadn't expected Tony to say
He'd been expecting something mostly symbolic. Something dignified. Something chaste. Instead, Steve cupped Tony's face between his hands and kissed him, hard and heavy and desperate, not pulling away until something hooked up to Tony started to beep insistently.
"I know." Steve's heart ached in sympathy. "I know. But it's going to get better. I promise. It is. You've got me."
Tony undid the button of Steve's pants, unzipped the zipper, and then -- finally -- slid his hand inside. His fingers were over Steve's underwear, another boundary he hadn't crossed, but that wasn't much of a boundary, because Steve could feel every touch of Tony's deft hand. Tony was smiling down at him, delighted, as he mapped the shape of Steve's cock, stroking him gently through the already-damp fabric. Tony had paused on an indrawn breath; his other hand, still on Steve's thigh, was trembling. When Steve glanced over -- it was all right to look, it had to be all right to look -- he saw that Tony was hard too, the thin sleep pants stretched across his lap outlining the considerable state of his arousal. Tony shifted his weight, clearly trying to stave off some of his own urgency. And knowing that, knowing that Tony was
"I won't get this, though," Steve said, the reply automatic. He realized he'd as good as answered Tony, so now he owed him a full explanation. He sighed. "I don't like lies. I know you know that. I'm more comfortable with secrets -- hell, I still have a secret identity, same as you -- but I don't like dirty secrets. It's one thing to not tell someone something that's not their business. It's one thing to keep your private life private. It's another thing entirely if it's because you're ashamed of it." He didn't know if that made sense. He tried again. "It's different if there's someone to hide. Because then the lies start."
The dazed, besotted smile promptly reappeared on Tony's face. "Better?" he asked. He sounded a little embarrassed.
"Likewise," Steve replies, a little stunned. He hadn't expected Iron Man to go to all this trouble for him.
And then Steve got a better look at Tony, and all of a sudden he couldn't breathe anymore.
Probably not.
He remembers it perfectly. Tiny blue hydrangea petals had scattered all over the floor. His curse.
Does Iron Man really think Steve wants him to go bother Mr. Stark with a needless complaint about his bedsheets?
on his tablet. He's wearing a three-piece suit; his sleeves are rolled up and his suit coat is draped over the back of the empty chair next to him. He's halfway through a steaming mug of black coffee and a bagel slathered with cream cheese. He glances up, sees Steve, and smiles a rather handsome smile.
"Hush, you," Tony said, still grinning. "And come help me draft all my damn press releases after breakfast."
Steve cracked one eye open and then the other. "Nnn. Hi, Warbird."
Frustrated, Steve sighs.
Iron Man's faceplate gleams golden in the dim theater, and Steve realizes Iron Man is watching him rather than the film. He's probably trying to figure out what Steve thinks of his choice.
"What was I supposed to do?" Steve asked, his heart racing. His palms were sweating. "Let you die alone? Would you have preferred that?"
Steve supposes it makes sense to keep that kind of thing on hand; Tony does, after all, spend a lot of time walking around in a suit of armor, and keeping it well-oiled is clearly a necessity. Tony is, at heart, an engineer. It's one of the many things Steve loves about him. Tony's always happy to answer any of Steve's questions, and he always has been, even back when Steve had many more questions. He's kind. He's just... wonderful, and that's all there is to it.
Steve grins. "Oh,
Well, now Steve knows for sure that Tony, lover of all things King Arthur, was the one who made that account. It's real. Tony isn't trying to deceive Ghost. Steve doesn't think he can. Oh, God, Tony.
He raised his hand -- or tried to. His arm twitched. Tiberius stared down at himself in what looked like actual horror.
Didn't mean? Didn't
Oh, God.
"Steve?" Tony prompts. "You okay there?"
"Mmmm, yeah," Tony breathes, his voice only a bit muffled by the pillow. "Thank you so much. That feels so good."
enough? He'd been praising Tony the entire time. He'd thought Tony had gotten the message. He'd been pretty goddamn clear.
Steve breathed in, a quiet gasp, and oh, yeah, he wanted one of those. That was good information to have. "I considered it. But they had more vibranium in them than I could really afford, even the alloys." His mouth quirked. "And I know from experience I'll wreck anything that isn't at least adamantium, if I really get to struggling."
Steve steps inside and closes the door behind himself. The workshop is spacious and crowded at the same time; it's a large room, but it seems like every square inch is occupied by something, whether it be a hanging half-assembled suit of armor or a haphazard collection of coffee mugs on the edge of a workbench. Iron Man is all the way across the room, behind a few cumbersome machines that Steve can't identify. Steve can just barely see the shining top of his helmet over the tallest of the machines.
Of course, Ghost has probably upgraded too.
Okay, so Iron Man definitely knows about Mr. Stark's offer. And that's good, Steve supposes, that Mr. Stark doesn't bear him any ill-will over it. He was so kind. Steve wants him to be happy too. He'll find someone. Steve's certain of that. Surely anyone would want him.
Reality felt simultaneously unreal and more real than anything that had happened to Steve in his entire life. Blood pounded through Steve's head, his mouth was dry, and he was distantly aware that he was achingly hard as he rolled to the side, slipped his hand inside the waistband of Tony's pajamas, and started to ease them down.
Ha. Steve. He could barely think it.
And he hadn't talked to Steve personally, either. Steve had asked him to call him. He hadn't. The dictation program had appeared on Steve's computer that night, so Tony had clearly been thinking about him. He just hadn't said anything to him.
He really, really shouldn't.
There was a delicate pause. "Just one question first," Tony said. "About my previous sentence. Involving the word
. "I wasn't busy, and you know you're always welcome." He paused. "So what can I do for you?"
Tony winced. "Always have to outdo the rest of us, huh, Winghead? Really going that extra mile." But the rebuke was soft, and Tony was frowning contemplatively at Steve's hand, rubbing soothing little circles into Steve's palm with his thumb. Steve could only feel it intermittently, at the edge of the splint. It felt... really nice.
knew, didn't you? How did you know? I've known Ty for twenty-five years. I never, ever suspected this. You knew there was something wrong with him in, what, five minutes?"
means, and he doesn't like it. He also has a pretty good guess about the word
The fire department is, indeed, pulling up behind them.
This right here, this was what Steve was missing, not being with Tony. It wasn't about sex. It wasn't even about Steve. It was about Tony. Tony just wanted love. And if Tony had wanted him, by God, he would have tried with all his heart to make him happy, to show him what it was like to be loved. Tony wanted love, and Steve had love to give.
Seemingly unbothered, Ghost leans forward through the pane of glass to stare down at him.
"Believe me, I'd love to talk about this some more right now," Steve said, like he hadn't just put
"Hi, Warbird," he replied. His voice hardly shook at all. Good. Maybe that would be enough.
, Steve thought.
"I should probably try to get some sleep, huh?" Tony asked, softly, as he stood up. "If I can."
, and, okay, he needed to stop thinking about this.
is not a level I ever thought he'd want to descend to." Pleading, he looked at Steve. "He's a good guy, Steve. He really is. This isn't like him. He's never done anything like this."
"I'd offer to go," Jan said, "but I'm getting the feeling you'd rather it be you."
"Nonexistent." Steve was feeling a little more confident now. They had some nerve, accusing
Iron Man is sitting on the edge of his seat, somehow tense. He makes a quiet, scratchy noise, like the needle jumping on a record.
Tony's reaction was gratifying; he said something that wasn't quite audible, even to Steve, and he shuddered against Steve's mouth, one hand clenching the blankets next to Steve's head. Steve could do this. He could make Tony feel like this. And he-- he liked doing it. Just like he'd thought he would, his whole life. Emboldened, Steve licked him again, this time tracing a path up the underside of his cock, up to the very tip. He tried to do what he knew he liked, himself, letting his tongue press against the sensitive spot just below the head.
Steve frowns at the message. He'd been planning to just show up in his uniform -- he's gotten the impression that Iron Man likes the look of him in it -- but Iron Man wouldn't request otherwise if he didn't have a good reason.
Oh, geez.
It wasn't just that he wanted Tony to love him. It wasn't even that he wanted to be special to Tony. He knew both of those things were true, and would still have been true even if Tony hadn't loved me first. It was something else entirely.
a medical doctor.
Sometimes, Tony thinks about what he could cut out of his mind.
Mr. Stark's not wearing his usual three-piece suit. He's not smiling his usual devilishly-handsome smile while attentively reading the morning's business news on his tablet. No, Mr. Stark is wearing sandals, ragged jeans, and a MIT sweatshirt covered with what Steve guesses are oil stains. He's half-slumped in his chair, and he's forcing oatmeal into his mouth, slowly, like summoning up the energy for every bite is a near-insurmountable ordeal.
The entire English language had exited Tony's head sometime in the last five seconds. "Um," Tony said.
"Okay, beautiful," Tony said, raking his nails over Steve's side just to watch him shudder. "No hurry. The journey's all part of the fun. We'll get there."
"I-- I--" Tony seemed to be at a loss for words. "I-- yeah. Okay. Fair."
Does Tony think he can trust anything Ghost says? Hell, maybe he does. It's not like Tony's thinking straight.
," he replies. His voice is a little loud, his words a little slow, his speech a little slurred.
And Tiberius wasn't out either. Steve generally didn't keep up with celebrity gossip, but it would have made headlines if the new richest man in America had been gay, or bi, or whatever he was. Steve would have remembered hearing a thing like that. Steve suspected that that level of power and influence wasn't particularly welcoming of anyone who wasn't straight. He couldn't name a gay Fortune 500 CEO. And Tony and Tiberius had probably both come to the same conclusion a long, long time ago.
"That doesn't follow," Steve said. "It's possible that he actually didn't like sleeping with you. But that doesn't mean you're bad at gay sex." He cupped Tony's face; Tony's curious gaze met his. "I don't know what he likes in bed, and I don't really want to know, but it's possible that what he likes is something unusually demanding or specific, something that most people wouldn't be any good at without practice. It's possible that he's hard to please because
unless--
He worked all afternoon. He skipped dinner to eat a fistful of ration bars that he'd stashed in his belt. He couldn't face the rest of the team right now. Not if Tony was going to be there.
He left Tony standing at the foot of the bed, went to the dresser, and dug an old plain gray t-shirt and a pair of plaid fleece pajama pants out of the drawer. The shirt would be a little big on Tony, but that wasn't the end of the world. The pants would probably fit; they had enough give in the elastic. Tony wasn't all that much smaller than he was.
So what if Steve was sappy? He'd been waiting years for this opportunity. Tony deserved everything Steve could give him.
Steve had no idea what to say to that. It was hard to contemplate the idea that he, Steve Rogers, whose attraction to other men had only gone as far as fantasies, who had never come out to anyone in his entire life, could have a healthier attitude toward homosexuality than Tony, who had been kissing another man not three minutes ago, and clearly not for the first time.
The sudden light was blinding, and his vision smeared into an aching blur of tears, brightness, and something bluish that was probably Steve's cowl. He blinked and squinted.
By the time Steve came back with Tony's clothes, Tony's coordination had improved to the point where he could dress himself. This was good for several reasons, one of them being that Steve really shouldn't be going out of his way to touch him. But he watched him dress anyway, because he had to make sure Tony was all right. That was a reason, a valid reason. He didn't know how much he could trust the part of his mind that insisted it wasn't just an excuse.
Tony stepped in close, and Steve wrapped his arms around him, and Tony hugged him back just as fiercely. It was okay, Steve told himself. It was. They could be friends. They could still do this. They could still have this.
And then the actual content of the news hit him.
"Hi." Tony beams. "We'd like a marriage license."
"Nah, that's okay," Steve agrees. "I think I'll keep this one, thanks."
He can't bring himself to open his eyes. He waits in silence, in darkness. And then there's a point of warmth on the back of Steve's hand.
This, Steve thinks, is going to be good.
Tony's mouth went crooked. "Flattery's not going to get you anywhere this time."
"Hey, hey, no!" Iron Man's voice is still raspy, but he flings out a hand to stop him. "It's a good question. It's a great question. And I'm-- I'm really happy that you're serious enough about me that you'd want to ask something like that." He pauses and coughs again. "I just-- no one I've ever dated has asked me that. Not even the people I was serious about. I just wasn't expecting it."
with you tonight, Rust Bucket?" Ghost snorts in derision. "It's temporary paralysis. Absolutely reversible. You can have him back, unharmed, if you just do one thing for me."
Tony's smile goes crooked. "What if it's the good pain, though?"
Tony's gaze sought out Steve again, as if he were searching for Steve's approval, as if he didn't know he'd always had it.
What if Iron Man doesn't? What if saying it was a mistake?
Iron Man glances over at him as they take their seats, and even though Steve can't see his face, he knows Iron Man is smiling.
The boy chews on his lip before he answers. Tears continue to drip down his face. "Eddie."
That was apparently the right move, because Tony just melts against his hand, his eyes half-closed. It's-- it's nice.
" -- he reached out and stroked Tony's cock again, just to watch him push up into his hand -- "I get to watch everything tighten up nicely." Tony's stomach practically rippled, the muscles standing out in sharp definition as he thrust up. "An appealing view. I like it."
my mouth," Steve told him, more than a little pleased with his own cleverness. "I was hoping you might let me, uh, return the favor."
. And here Steve is the one who asked him out in the first place -- but Iron Man is the one taking him on a date.
A smile flickered onto Tony's face. "You look at me like you think I'm worth something," he murmured. "Like I'm priceless. Irreplaceable. You touch me like-- like I'm precious. You'd stand up and fight for me. You have fought for me. Because I'm the one you want, more than anyone else in the world. You could have anyone you wanted and it's me you want."
Maybe that's what he and Steve need now: their own private superhero civil war, redux.
Everything in Steve lit up. "I can absolutely take care of that. Right now."
Steve did, albeit weakly.
Somewhere behind him, someone was honking angrily. Someone else was yelling.
Tony stared at him blankly. "No one. Well, I mean, Donahue's assistant. Plus anyone who had access to his or my calendar. That's not a whole lot of people on my side; I don't know about Donahue's. Oh, and Ty, obviously. I called him to let him know as soon as I set the meeting up."
The problem is that there really is no acceptable excuse. Not for this. Not for an Avenger.
It wasn't going to make a difference. But at least he'd said it.
"All right." Steve is grinning, heady with excitement, and he slides his hands over the familiar planes of Iron Man's armor, already letting himself start to dream about the man under them. "Anything else you want to do before then?"
"Seriously, though," Steve added. "The more emotional version of that answer, I suppose, is that you can trust me because you know me. Not just because I'm your friend, but because you know what my reputation is, and you know I've earned it. You know how I try to treat people. You know that a whole lot of my daily life consists of me being honest, straightforward, and trustworthy, both in public and in private. There actually aren't a lot of surprises. Which I know you know." He knew people called him boring. Sometimes he resented it. But right now he'd much rather be boring than... whatever the hell Tiberius was. "I believe in the truth. Which is not a claim you can make about just anyone, as I think you know. And to the best of my knowledge -- which hopefully agrees with your knowledge -- I've never led you or anyone else astray."
"Rogue," Steve insisted. "You're going to show me how to play, right?"
He could figure everything out later. There would be time. There was always time.
After that, things were chaotic and Tony, still drugged, was content to let them happen. Steve kicked the nearest door down without losing his grip on Tony, and then barreled down a corridor and up two flights of stairs. Lights flashed red, a klaxon began to sound, and from his upside-down vantage point Tony saw more yellow-suited scientists running toward them.
Because Steve hadn't managed to say anything, Tony glared up at him. "I can't believe I have to say this," he said, spitting out the words, and he was tired, of course he was tired, that was probably why he was so angry, "but I'm definitely not going to try anything. Your virtue is safe from me, okay?"
Tony tips his face up. He's smiling.
Steve bites back the reply before it snaps out of his mouth. He takes a breath. He counts to three. "That's where you're wrong, Mr. Stark," he says, as calmly as possible. "Iron Man is exactly what I want."
fault. Tiberius had asked Tony to meet Donahue for him, for God's sake!
Steve turned back. "Yeah?"
. "I heard a hell of a lot worse in the Army."
doesn't know how to date a robot. Goddammit.
"There," Tony said, smiling. "How are you doing? Feeling a little better now with some food in you, maybe?"
all right?"
He really wasn't supposed to be thinking about Tony--
Steve brings up a blank Google search page and pulls the keyboard a little closer. What materials had Mr. Stark mentioned? He'd said ceramic first; maybe then that's the best choice. Steve starts typing in his question:
Tony shrugged. "He'll wake up if we pull him out of DreamVision, I'm sure. I can't say I'm in a hurry to talk to him again at any point in the entire rest of my goddamn life." There was something dark and anguished. "I mean, he was certainly going to be happy to make me spend the rest of my life in one nightmare after another." He swallowed. "I'm, uh. I'm positive he wasn't lying about that part."
Steve nodded. "It's very good. Thank you."
isn't really the right word, because, on one hand, he looks exactly like Steve expects him to look given that he is well into subspace, in a state where -- for him -- even the mildest correction can be vastly distressing. His mouth wobbles, and he looks like he's on the verge of tears, like if Steve refused this request it would absolutely shatter him. Knowing how Tony gets when he's under, Steve knows this cost Tony a lot to even ask. It's impressive that he can even think of trying to do this. It's a testament to his sense of duty. It's admirable, and Steve is somehow infuriated at him and proud of him at the same time.
"Yes, I have."
"Because you don't care about me now!" Tony blurted out. "Because you're not an Avenger. Because you'll never forgive me for-- for everything I don't remember doing."
Then Steve looked down at the tangle of wires in Tony's hands. "Damn," he said, sotto voce. "Here I am keeping you from your work, aren't I? I'm sorry."
Tony looked at him in silence. Steve was still touching his arm, and Tony made no move to stop him. It was still okay to touch Tony, wasn't it? It had to be. That wasn't wrong. That couldn't be wrong.
God, he hopes he's right.
Steve shakes his head. "None of the above." He shifts from foot to foot. He shoves half his hand into one of his belt pouches and then takes it out again. His stomach is in knots. "You said-- when I saw you last week, you told me that if I ever wanted to talk to you, I could. Did you mean that?"
"I'm sure you've seen me looking better than this," Tony says.
Pietro's mouth shaped words, but there was no sound.
This was a hell of a breakup, all right.
Chen Lu sat back down.
The cheaper option would have been to borrow some SHIELD power-dampening cuffs. Those, Tony knew from hearing various agents grouse about it, were always going missing. But they wouldn't have been half as nice as these were. Tony ran a finger inside the cuffs. They were soft. Lined. Comfortable. Once again, quality. He told himself not to linger, and he put the cuffs down. He wasn't just going to pet all the leather this person owned. That would have been... a transgression.
Tony's head was tipped back, his hair damp and mussed, his eyes closed, his mouth luridly red, lips parted on a gasp as Tiberius kissed his way down the side of Tony's neck. It was obvious from the little biting bruises on the other side of his neck that this was nowhere near close to their first kiss.
The next thing he says really needs to be a question, but he's having trouble coming up with something more creative than
In response, in recompense, Mr. Stark beams at him. It's not the smile he wears for the press. This one is more real. This is the truth.
, "but I think we'd better leave before the feds show up." He looked at the rest of Tony as if he was finally seeing the condition of his armor for the first time. "Can you walk?"
"Honestly," Steve said, glancing away, with a hint of an abashed smile, "right now I'm mostly just thinking that I definitely should have had a classier restaurant in mind."
"Wow," Tony said, amazed. "You are
Mostly, in Steve's fantasies, Tony loved him back.
He lifts one gauntleted hand, makes a fist, knocks it against the side of his helmet. Metal resounds, and Iron Man shakes his head and starts to lower his arm.
He'll be better soon, he knows. But he wants to see Tony
Tony shook his head violently. "No! No, he can't have."
Tony's hand slowed, stilled, and then left him entirely; he was ripping open the condom packet. Steve heard himself make an inarticulate noise of dismay. He didn't want to wait for anything. But he could.
"Shellhead, you can't
"Then I'm happy," Steve said. He wanted Tony to be happy. He did. That wasn't a lie. "That's all I want for you, Tony. That's all I've ever wanted for you."
Sadly, the scene hadn't been perfect. Steve hadn't gotten to watch Tiberius walk out of there in handcuffs, and it hadn't been just because Tiberius couldn't walk yet. Tony hadn't wanted to press charges for assault; he hadn't been sure if
And then he and Tony got together, and the topic just... never came up. Sure, it's been an entire year, but it's also been a
The reaction Steve gets isn't one he was expecting at all. Iron Man shudders and the armor creaks as he moves in a way it doesn't quite bend; it's like he's... flinching?
Tony shook his head. "No, no, it's okay. I can't sleep anyway. It's not your fault. I just... keep thinking I'm there, you know?"
So Steve slides in under the covers on the opposite side of the bed, lying on his side. Tony turns to face him, and then promptly slides closer to him. His skin is a little too cool to the touch, but his breath is warm as he leans in and kisses Steve lightly on the lips. It's nice. It's always nice, when it's Tony.
He ignored it.
"He knew," Steve said, and he didn't think he'd ever stop hating Tiberius. He took a breath and tried to stay calm. "He's known this whole week. He's
Maybe Tony needed to talk about this after all.
, and-- oh, God, almost--
"I can't what?" Steve asks.
"Well," Steve said, his throat so tight that the words hurt to say. "For the record, I'd like to do all of
"What?" Tony was staring at him, confused, like the last sentence had blindsided him. "Steve, he didn't. He didn't hurt me again. That was it. What exactly do you think he did?"
He's going to remember Steve well. He thinks Steve would have disapproved of that, would have had something to say about taking the bad times with the good. Steve's not here anymore.
"He's spoiling me, Jan," Tony mumbled, half-asleep. "But you can't have him. I'm not sharing. Get your own. This one's mine."
It's a rotten thought, but Steve honestly didn't think he
He shouldn't want to know. He doesn't need to know. But that doesn't stop him from being curious, just a little. But he knows Iron Man won't tell him, and he's fine with that. He is. Iron Man's privacy is important.
Tony drops to his elbows and leans all the way back, arching up so Steve can slide his pants off. Steve steps away from him for the absolute minimum amount of time necessary to do so, and he yanks Tony's shoes off with them. Tony's clothes hit the floor. Tony's still got one sock on, but it's not like he's going to stop and fix it. Tony shivers -- the ambient temperature of the common areas of the Mountain is a little too cold for nudity -- but then Steve pulls him back up and into his feverish embrace again, and Tony's definitely not cold anymore.
The Avengers alert goes off.
Wong nods and waves his hand, and whatever interface Stephen has worked out between telecommunications wiring and his scrying spells is clouded with mist, and then there's Stephen's face on the other side. He looks even more tired than Wong. No wonder. Tony knows what his day has been like, after all. And Stephen probably got more sleep than Tony did, because he teleported home from Wakanda and didn't have to fly a damn Quinjet.
things. Emotions. Physical sensations. Anything he wanted me to feel." He blinked too fast; there couldn't possibly be more tears in him, could there? Apparently there could. "And he sure didn't want me to feel anything good."
"Tony," Steve says, and his voice is hoarse with need. "Oh, Tony, please, please let me--"
, Stephen."
He remembers the way Tony looked at him when he said
Yeah, that was definitely the problem that Tony thought he was having. The problem wasn't not wanting this.
Steve's cock is huge and hard in his hand, and it definitely doesn't look like he needs the help, but he gives himself a few strokes anyway, and Tony is always absolutely down to watch Steve jerk off. It's his favorite show. Steve whimpers and bites his lip, and Tony's positive from the careful, slow slide of Steve's fist that Steve is pretty close to done already and knows it.
Tony hasn't moved, but already he seems a little looser, a little calmer.
," he said, softly.
"You and Iron Man," she says, and she doesn't finish the question, but it's enough.
Steve smiles. "No problem. You want to get out of here?"
Sweat begins to bead on the back of Steve's neck, as Tony stands there, motionless. This is bad. If Ghost figures out that Tony can't fight -- which both seems to be currently true and also something that Ghost is well on the way to discovering -- he's going to know that Tony is vulnerable. And he's going to take advantage of it. The situation has just gotten far more dangerous for Tony. Steve swallows hard.
That had been two months ago.
Shuddering, Tony audibly catches his breath, the sound fuzzing in Steve's earpiece, but he's trying -- by the third or fourth breath, he's matched Steve. Contrary to what the rest of the world believes about Tony Stark, he's actually very good at following orders. And while Steve would much rather have continued to make use of that trait in more pleasant and more private circumstances, they're here now, and this is what's going to keep Tony alive. Tony's going to do exactly what Steve tells him to do, because his life depends on it. And he's good enough that he's going to get it right. He has to. There's no other choice.
thing." That was nice to hear. Tony was grinning. "I just," he said in wonder. "I just. You want me?"
"Tony made it," Steve said, but before they could smile, he told them the rest of it. "That news crew probably didn't. Not sure about Radioactive Man."
This is the line. The bombs should have been the line. He should have stood up with Steve and walked out of the Necropolis then. He can't do this.
who wanted you to choke on my--"
Steve's laugh was small, dry, bitter. "When I took Bernie to see
A muscle in Steve's jaw worked. "And how do you know how I feel about you?"
. You were a sissy. You cried. You cried all the time. I bet you're going to go home and cry now. You've never changed."
Steve leans over and kisses the faceplate. He can hear Iron Man's breath shudder to a halt, and then start again.
Tony coughs. It's a normal cough; no flowers. He's long since learned to distinguish the two. It makes something new and different in his chest hurt. If this works, he can be two kinds of medical miracle. "No, I know," Tony says. His throat feels like sandpaper. "Never thought it could."
the guy.
and considered it. He didn't think Tony had read it yet; he'd read it intending to offer it to Tony when he was done. But it was probably not a great choice. He was remembering now that the reason he hadn't given it to Tony was that he'd been worrying that a plot about people who'd been genetically engineered not to need sleep might have been a little too inspirational for Tony. Also, right now Tony probably wasn't going to find that plot very amusing. He wanted something Tony wasn't going to already have those sorts of suspicions about.
Steve sat there, frozen in horror, as Tiberius chuckled, pushed himself up out of his chair, and walked away.
"Of course we've got time for you, Tony," Jan said, which was good because Steve had no idea what he could possibly say to him. "How are you?"
"But I'm
It's not the most thrilling conversation, but he thinks Tony just needs to hear him saying anything. Tony's underthings are actually fairly exciting -- well, some of them, anyway -- because sometimes he likes to make himself pretty, adorning himself in little delicate scraps of lace. But now really isn't the time for that, unfortunately.
"I'm sorry," he said. He stared at his hands in his lap, bare hands against the half of the uniform he was still wearing. He hadn't even taken off his boots. "You asked for my help because you couldn't sleep and I've just made it worse, haven't I?"
"I want you," Tony told him, and Steve beamed back. "You and no one else ever again in my entire life. Just you." He considered his words, now that he'd said them. "I'm incredibly high right now, aren't I?"
"Me?" Tony says, at last. "Really? You-- you want--
to be happy?"
you. You've got some nerve, sitting here like everything's fine when you spent this morning-- God, I can't believe this."
Shutting his bedroom door behind himself, he lay down on his bed, yanked off one of his gloves, and pulled out his phone. Zero new messages. Tony hadn't replied yet.
, you said?"
A brief tangle of emotion, too fast for Steve to identify, darkened Tony's face and then fled, subsumed by a cheerful smile. Steve had no idea what that was all about, but it didn't look good. But at least-- at least Tony was smiling.
He supposes he'll have to figure it out when he gets there.
"I'm so close, Tony," Steve gasped. "I just need-- your other hand-- could you--"
Unfortunately, Steve's brain knew his body was wrong about that one.
"Then no," Steve says. "If it can't be mutual, I'd rather not. I don't want to make you any more frustrated than you probably already are." He has hands. He can manage just fine. He smiles. "I'd still be interested in some cuddling, though, if you'd still like that."
Silence fills the room. All the color drains out of Mr. Stark's face. Steve watches in mounting horror. He never thought it could go this badly. He's going about this all wrong. He didn't mean it to sound like a demand. And he nearly forgot the rest of what he wanted to say. He wants to do this properly. He's not quite sure if they still do this in this century, but this is how he was raised. He's never proposed to anyone before -- and hopefully he never will again, God willing -- and he wants to get everything right. He only has one shot at this.
"Okay," Steve said, sounding immensely agreeable given that Tony had just told him no one's dick was getting wet tonight, to put it in the crudest possible terms, "but you can still plug me up, right?"
"Actually, hang on," Steve said. "Tony wants to talk to you himself."
"So we talked. He was a wreck, of course. As you'd expect, from a man who'd just lost both his parents in a tragic accident. There was wine. There was rather a lot of wine, actually." Tony's gaze was very, very faraway. "You know," he said, and he sounded far, far too calm, suddenly, "when I used to think about what we'd done, when I told myself the story of it in my head, I used to say that
"Like this?"
"Uh," Steve says. Captain Suave, he is not. He thinks maybe he should have asked Mr. Stark for dating tips. Restaurant recommendations. Anything. "I... uh. I didn't really get that far."
"You've got this," Steve tells him. "You're going to be okay."
"Tony, no--"
That had to be it.
Makeup had fussed over Steve for a good half-hour -- apparently the cowl got in the way of their work -- and now Steve was standing just off-stage, watching and waiting for his cue. Carol was leaning against a wall, a few feet away, in full Warbird uniform, and she smiled tightly and gave him a black-gloved thumbs-up, which he returned. She'd offered to come along for moral support. Steve still wasn't sure if it was because she felt guilty about his hand getting broken last week -- which hadn't even been her fault -- but he was happy to have a friendly face around. Plus, Carol had had a fair amount of journalism experience herself, even if that mostly wasn't in television.
"Probably," Tony agreed. He bit his lip. "You really liked it, though?"
"Fuck," Steve says, thickly, to the empty room. When he says
"You want me to help--?" Steve asked, voice gone high with incredulity, and then he nodded. At least someone here was processing this fast. "Okay, okay, shh, here, I'm here, I've got you. I'll do it. Just tell me how."
Tiberius' lips rounded. "Oh," he murmured, in a tone of dawning realization, though Steve had no idea what it was that he'd realized. "Oh, now that's
Steve lowered the phone. He couldn't bring himself to close it. This was real, he told himself. This was really happening.
Tony chuckled again. His face was still soft, reminiscent. "He is that."
He scrolled down, recognizing some familiar names in the first paragraph. It looked like Chen and Donahue had
"If Project Rebirth ever happens again," Steve said, deadpan, "I'll be sure to let you know." He chuckled. "Yeah, yeah, I guess I should also be heading--"
Steve cleared his throat. "Say, do you want a hug?"
And here Tony was, being down on himself again.
. Steve's fingers were rough, callused, but so wonderfully warm against Tony's face. Steve blotted the tears from Tony's cheekbone with a delicate swipe of his thumb.
"I should go," Steve says. "I should get some sleep."
He can't stop staring. God, Tony's
"Yeah," Tony said. "So. Uh. About that."
. And now, finally, tonight, here was that very
Steve holds out an arm, and Iron Man leans into him, pressing up against him, hip to knee, and he's definitely not wearing anything metal below the waist. Steve's not going to contemplate that right now. He's with Iron Man, and it's enough.
And what with the way Tony's life usually went, Steve was definitely going to need that information at some point.
He picked a door at random; the room beyond it was also empty, but a little dimmer. It was also some sort of parlor, but a more intimate one. The furniture here was a deep red, and Steve was briefly distracted by the painting on the far wall. It was Baroque, definitely, and classical in theme, Bacchus to judge from the grapes; he hoped to God that it wasn't an actual Caravaggio, because he hated to think of Tiberius owning something good.
Steve's hands were shaking. There was a voicemail. Tony had probably just left it. Steve put the box down, dialed into his voicemail, and pressed the phone to his ear.
Iron Man obligingly closes the door, and Steve can't help but feel a little self-conscious as Iron Man looks around. Iron Man's never actually been in his room before. He doesn't know what kind of lifestyle Iron Man leads, where he lives -- although with his Avengers pay on top of whatever Mr. Stark is presumably paying him for his services, it's probably not too shabby at all -- but he hopes Iron Man's not judging him by the way he lives. Steve didn't have anything when the Avengers took him in, and he hasn't accumulated much: a few photos; his old footlocker, taken back from the Smithsonian; a few history books Hank and Jan gave him -- to help him settle in, Jan had said.
The faintest smile twitched at the corners of Steve's mouth. Tony would sell everything he owned to make Steve smile again.
"Okay, now I love you more," Tony said, instantly, and Steve burst out laughing. "You would, though?" Tony asked. "For real?"
pizza. We had pizza back in my day, too."
Steve will figure something out.
The twins were staring back at him.
The only reason Tony doesn't punch him in the shoulder as payback for that bit of wordplay is that Steve is currently wearing pauldrons, golden metal covering his shoulders all the way up to his neck. For obvious professional reasons, Tony's pretty good at identifying the parts of a suit of armor. The pauldrons are definitely doing excellent things for Steve's already-impressive silhouette, accenting the breadth of his powerful shoulders. He definitely looks like someone Tony would very much like to fuck him right here on this table.
Stephen raises an eyebrow and smiles a smile that's barely one at all. "Just take me to the patient."
Hesitantly, Steve reached over and picked up the juice. He stared at it for a few more seconds, and then took a sip.
The words are cruel, mocking, but the oddest thing is that Mr. Stark doesn't
Tony stared at the cover. "
perfect. He ought to know that. He had no idea what of that he'd said aloud.
Carol raised her fists and shifted her weight to a better stance. "You ready, Cap?"
"I love it," Steve says, fervently. "You feel so nice. And you're plenty interesting, as far as I'm concerned."
No, he can't.
The sound coming from Tony's mouth was a ruined, broken groan; he didn't have the breath to scream. He just laid there, passive, shuddering, letting the pain take him. It carried him along inside it, a rushing current of agony, threatening to pull him under entirely.
That had probably already been too much. He needed to... disengage. Reluctantly, he let Tony go and stepped back, only to find that Tony's absence hit him like an actual blow, a punch straight to the solar plexus. Tony was staring at him, wide-eyed, bereft, like all he wanted was for Steve to come right back and keep holding him.
"I, uh," Steve says. "I didn't pick out the color scheme, if you were wondering. That was Mr. Stark's idea, I guess." He can feel himself grimacing. What if Iron Man thinks it's silly?
"No, not Ty," Tony said, and he was still smiling in fond reminiscence. "I mean, don't get me wrong, he's got charisma, but he's smart, too. As smart as I am. I'd have to say Intelligence."
The television studio looked exactly like every other television studio Steve had ever been in. The 20 Vision set was a bland beige, and the rest of the room was full of banks of bright lights, several huge cameras, taped-down cables snaking across the floor, and a whole lot of very busy people running about.
He says it like he thinks that Steve would ever think he was anything but beautiful, that Steve's heart would do anything but soar with joy at the sight of him, no matter what he looks like. He's always going to be handsome to Steve, always going to make him warm with fondness and affection. Isn't that what love is?
, one that Steve apparently missed while he was in the ice -- and suddenly Iron Man's pumpkin reference makes much more sense. He hadn't remembered all the little details of the story, other than the slipper.
Walders raised an eyebrow. "Then what is it?"
This was it, Steve realized. This was the end of it. Tiberius was out of lies, out of masks, out of threats, and even out of coherent anger. He was reduced to this, this sputtering and obscene rage. He was nothing. He couldn't hurt Tony anymore.
"Captain," Pietro said. In five more seconds he was in front of Wanda, well inside the room, twenty feet forward in a blur of motion. He jerked his head at the darkened television.
"What the
Steve didn't understand. "I can make my own breakfast. Really, it's okay--"
Steve just grinned at him, pushed off the doorframe, and took a step forward. "You're a real sweet-talker, huh? You want to marry me?"
He usually did want to tape up his hands, both because he liked to set a good example for everyone else who actually did need the extra protection, and also because, even though he did heal fast, that didn't mean that he wanted to take damage that he didn't have to take.
Oh. Tony had an explanation after all. An explanation that he already believed.
It shouldn't have been anything to worry about; after all, Tony had been the victim of kidnapping attempts since approximately age fifteen, and after becoming Iron Man, it had all basically become an exercise in futility for the kidnappers. Sure, maybe it took him an hour or two to work loose from whatever Midas or the Controller or the Mandarin had him tied up in, but after that he was, more or less, home free.
"Night, Tony," Steve returned.
As Steve has most definitely learned from Vision, there's a trick to fighting intangible people: if they want to interact with the physical world, they can't stay intangible. It's a weakness they can't shore up. Even Vision, who can selectively phase out his individual body parts, has to keep that body part unphased if he wants to be able to touch something with it. Steve can safely assume that Ghost has that much in common with Vision. That means that, as long as Ghost is trying to grab that drive, Steve can make contact with his hands.
Tiberius, though, was fast. "What's your proof of that, Captain? Now who's the one flinging baseless accusations around, hmm?" His calculated glance at the camera was the picture of stunned innocence, his eyes wide. "You yourself admit that SNN isn't the only network covering Mr. Stark. I'm not doing anything that my competitors aren't doing."
Tony's breath is rasping and catching in Steve's ears, fast, tipping into real distress. Panic.
Oh. His ex. Rumiko and Tony ran in the same circles, so it shouldn't have been a surprise to Tony to find her here, but apparently it was.
Tony sighs in unfeigned pleasure. "Oh, yeah, that's the ticket," he breathes. "You do that so well," he says, and the hand in Steve's hair lightens into a caress. "I'm just going to get some work done. You stay right where you are."
As if on cue, Radioactive Man began to crackle with energy, starting to glow. He was going to-- God, he looked like he was going to blow up--
It might surprise people who only know Captain America, but Steve is definitely not a saint.
Tony no longer had enough presence of mind to form the sentence that would have enabled him to tell Steve that he didn't think it could have hurt any worse anyway. This turned out to not actually be true, as Tony found out five seconds later, when Steve started applying pressure to Tony's lower abdomen.
Steve held Tony's gaze and reached out, slowly. Tony's breath caught and held, and then Steve's fingertips brushed gently over the fabric-covered length of Tony's cock. Tony exhaled, his breathing gone shaky, and he made a soft noise of pure need that Steve thought was the best sound he'd ever heard.
"I don't know," Tony says, honestly. "I might. Why, is it looking for a new host?"
"Do it," Tony says, desperately. He's clinging to the phone like a lifeline. He thinks he might cry or have another heart attack. "Do it, do it now, Christ, Stephen, what are you waiting for--"
That was a hell of a question. What
Interface. An interface. A lens just like this. But it hadn't been on Tony, had it? He frowned. It had been on a woman. That was right. It had been-- it had been--
Oh, no. "You didn't tell her yes, either," Steve pointed out.
That wasn't Real Steve and Tony knew it. Real Steve was only his friend, only ever his friend. If you took Real Steve to the Folsom Street Fair he'd be scandalized and disapproving. Probably -- no,
Steve was trying very hard not to jump to conclusions, but there weren't a whole lot of reasons for Tony's clothes to be on the floor, and given Tony's attitude in the voicemail he'd left, it didn't seem likely to have been a voluntary act on his part. The implications of that were something that Steve really, really did not want to contemplate.
Mr. Stark had coughed a few times, like he hadn't expected to be called on to explain himself.
It's a cruel thing to say, reductive and trivializing, as if the only thing that they ever meant to each other in the past six months was an excuse for French kissing. It's not true. Iron Man means far more than that to Steve, and he knows the reverse is true as well. He knows Mr. Stark --
The sound Mr. Stark makes now isn't a laugh; in fact, it sounds more like a groan. Of actual, physical pain.
Steve smiled in relief. "Sure."
Her eyes were unfocused as she sailed backwards and up and up, at least four or five feet, letting the momentum carry her away. At about ten feet she stabilized into what was clearly controlled flight, grinning as she flipped around in midair, swinging back in his direction like he was an anchor and she was at the other end of the chain.
Tony peered down into his mug of tea, took a sip, winced, and said, "Hot." And then he raised his eyes over the rim of the mug and looked at Steve. "So I'm guessing there are several things you want to talk about," he said, surprisingly matter-of-fact. "And I'm guessing you're too polite to bring up one in particular."
"So that's it, then."
Cameras were rolling, and the host, Beatrice Walders, had already started to talk.
All he had to do was... not think about Tony. It seemed so simple, when Steve framed it like that. A test of willpower. A test of his determination. Steve knew he had enough stubbornness for several people. He just needed to be stubborn about this, too.
"Does it hurt?" Steve blurted out, and that was a stupid question, because of course--
As if he feels as awkward as Steve does, Iron Man clears his throat in a burst of static. "I, uh," he says. "I didn't have to ask. He offered." He pauses, delicately. "He-- he wished us well." There's another fuzzy sound, maybe a laugh. "Wished me better luck than he had with you, actually."
"What do you do to yourself, huh, Shellhead?" Steve murmurs.
Steve opened it. He was goddamn stunning, as always, and Tony was once again grateful that Steve couldn't see his face, because that would have given it all away. He wasn't sure how Steve had never figured it out when he'd seen him out of the armor, but somehow Steve hadn't. Steve was in uniform, but he was clearly hanging out in it, off-shift; the cowl was pulled back, his hair endearingly mussed, and his gloves were tucked into his belt. Bright-eyed, he grinned a heart-stoppingly beautiful grin.
Sure, Tiberius could have it edited out. He certainly would have it edited out. There was no way it would make it to air. Steve knew that. But there were dozens of people on set, and probably dozens more who would have access to the footage. And if this past week had taught Steve anything, it was that mere rumors could destroy a man, even one of the richest men in the world. Or, perhaps,
"Sure," Iron Man says, amiably. "Of course I do. Don't most people?" He sticks the straw back in his mouth-slit and keeps drinking.
Steve's hand is splayed across the middle of Tony's back, and the muscles under his fingers are knotted tight, a tension given no release. Steve knows that's another thing that's his fault. Well, also Ghost's fault, but mostly his fault; he'd set up the scene earlier so that Tony'd be tense in a
This was definitely better than the last phone call of Tony's that Steve had overheard.
Steve feels like he's missed something. "Sure, why not?' He thinks about it. He tries to think of any possible objection Iron Man might have, and can only come up with one angle. "Look, I won't boo the Yankees, if that's a problem for you."
"You bet."
Tony wasn't straight at all, and this was who he wanted. Tiberius Stone. Not Steve.
"Tony, I'm in love with you."
Tony raises his head. He stands a little taller, turning to Ghost. It's ironic, really, that he would pick now of all times to pull himself together, when he's doing exactly the wrong thing. "Tell me what you need me to do," Tony says. It almost sounds like an order.
This was what they had been trying to set up, Steve realized. This was why they had tracked the fight to Central Park. This was what they'd needed the footage for. Radioactive Man had been meant to explode. And Tiberius had intended to blame it on Tony.
Well. Okay.
This was what Tony needed, and Steve and his hopeless passion were just going to have to deal with it.
As the elevator kept rising, Steve pulled out his identicard one last time. Still no movement from Tony. As far as Steve could tell from the distances involved, Tony -- or rather, his identicard -- wasn't right next to the elevator, but the signal was decently close. It probably in a nearby room. At least he wouldn't have to go far.
"Keep your hands above your head," Tony ordered. "I'm going to do all the work. The more you move, the more you hurt. But you know that."
, Jan had told him, eyes aglow with delight.
"Jan, honey," Hank said, sounding a little desperate, "I'm sure St-- I'm sure Cap has better things to talk about in his free time--"
"There's
When he glances over, expecting a confused face, he sees Steve nodding. "Not by that name," Steve says. "My ma used to tell me, in the old country, a neighbor's daughter had it." He says some word that must be Irish. "She coughed up flowers, pining away for her unrequited true love. I thought it was only a story until I joined the army. Found out that Hydra had been running experiments on it.
A terrible possibility occurred to Steve. "I don't," he began hesitantly, "I don't remind you of him, do I?"
"Steve?" Tony asked again. He was beginning to be concerned now, because this was very, very unlike Steve. "Everything okay, buddy?"
with that?"
He doesn't think that's happening.
, isn't it?
Tony opened his eyes as Steve's hand slowed. "Yes?"
Steve nods. His face is still against the armor. "Yeah, sure. Of course." He steps back. He rests his hands on Tony's biceps, even though Tony can't feel it. "One question, though."
He can't say that.
, they can touch now -- and leans down to murmur in his ear. "Not a problem," he says, smoothly, confidently, like
"You know," Tony began. He said it as if it were an idle observation, but his voice was once again quivering with anger, each word precisely and coolly articulated, placed just so, like a scalpel through flesh. "When most people have concerns about someone their friend is dating, they talk to their friend first. Not national television."
"Yeah," Steve said, kissing him back. "Of course."
"Oh, God." Tony's voice is a creaky, rumbling moan. "Please do more of that."
And then Tony steps back. "Stand up," he says. It's an order.
"Yeah," Steve said, finally, stupidly. "Yeah, I think I did."
"Look," Steve said. He was out of patience. "We can do this the easy way or the hard way. Either you can let me up there, or I can call nine more Avengers and we can all find out exactly how ugly this can get. I don't think you want me to do that." He raised his shield in Chen Lu's direction, a wave of his arm. "By the way, since you're alive now, you're on the hook for four murders that you were shown committing on national television yesterday. Do you really want to end up in the Raft tonight? I can call SHIELD too. They can make that happen for you right now." He smiled. It wasn't a nice smile.
Tony set his hands in his lap, lacing his fingers awkwardly together, out of things to fidget with. He was silent.
"Mmm-hmm," Fury said. "Friends. Do you even remember any of their names, Stark? Did you ever even ask them?"
"That would be perfect," he said, finally.
The gesture Tony makes in response is probably meant to be a nod, but it's actually more like Tony nuzzling his palm again.
Tony wonders what exactly
Mr. Stark raises his eyebrows in invitation, waiting.
He'd stopped in the middle of Tony's bedroom, and he was staring at the contents of the box, spread out across Tony's bed.
"He's
Mr. Stark looks up, and his eyes meet Steve's, his gaze hard and unwavering. It surprises Steve, because he's found, over the years, that not a lot of people are willing to stand up to Captain America and tell him they think he's wrong. He certainly hadn't thought Mr. Stark would be one of them.
Steve's eyes shone with hope. "Has he talked to either of them, then?"
Tony glanced around the basement, his view of the chaos now unimpaired by his helmet. It was a hot day, and it wasn't like everyone here didn't already know who he was.
, and I-- and I-- I just want it not to hurt."
"I thought so," Tony said, and he squeezed his hand. "But you owe me a date, Winghead. A real date, now, where I can actually eat an entire meal."
Tony's grip shifts; he loops his arms around Steve's neck as Steve bends down, one arm behind Tony's thighs and another just below his shoulders, across his back. Steve lifts, and Tony settles into his arms.
This was the part Steve should have practiced. This was the question he should have had an answer for. But he hadn't had enough time, and now he had to wing it.
Something about this situation was brushing up against the edge of Steve's memory, not quite connected to conscious thought. Something about this looked
"Why wouldn't I?"
"Oh?"
He needed to stop dithering and make a decision. He knew he was hesitating because he was scared. He was afraid for Tony. Yeah, well, what else was new?
"Sounds nice," Steve said, politely, trying not to let the ache of rejection show on his face. "Say, what's he like, your friend?"
. Whatever Iron Man's secret is, it won't change how Steve feels about him.
Tony groaned low and deep, and he thrust forward into Steve's grip, the head of his cock rubbing just so on Steve's tongue. He thrust once more, a little more heavily, and came, spurting in Steve's mouth, trembling.
Well, it turns out sometimes Tony might rather have the massage.
After another five seconds, Tony lurches into motion.
"That's exactly the problem," Tony countered. "I know them. And if I know them, he'll know them. He'd know what to make you say. It has to be something I don't know at all."
Tony's here. Tony's touching him. Right now, Tony's alive, and that's so much better than it could have been. He feels better when Tony's at his side. He always has. He thinks maybe Tony feels like that about him, too.
The thought of just curling up next to Iron Man and getting some sleep -- cuddling with him the whole night! -- is incredibly appealing, but surely Iron Man has to know why that isn't a possibility. "Your boss is going to get up eventually, Shellhead," Steve points out. "And he's probably going to want to do some work, and then he's going to come down here and find us. I'd love to stay with you, but I-- I'd rather not have him interrupt a private moment."
"Tony?" Steve says, and he's turning toward him, concerned. "Is everything okay?"
He could find out.
Something in Steve seemed to loosen when Tony touched him, as if he had been wound too tight and just needed Tony's help to right himself. Tony was a watchmaker, working with the smallest and deftest of tools: the proper application of power.
So Steve smiled back. It was easy to match his smile, when Tony was this happy.
Steve kind of can't believe that Tony's making jokes about this, but then again, it's Tony, because he can. And he knows Tony well enough to know that even when Tony sounds cavalier about his own mortality, he's actually anything but.
you don't want me to stay?"
He slides his fingers under the inner edge of the top of the chestplate, where the plate curves to follow Tony's neckline. There's an almost-imperceptible depression underneath the edge, right where Tony's collarbone starts, just wide enough for his fingertip, shallow enough that enhanced senses are practically required in order to find it.
"Yeah," Steve said. "Much better." He smiled back. "Tiberius makes you that happy, huh? How's he doing?"
It was going to be the last thing he ever did. That seemed proper, somehow. Fitting. Honorable.
Iron Man could, in theory, be an android. It's not like Steve's never met androids -- he was proud to count Jim Hammond as a fellow Invader, no different than anyone else -- but he thinks an android probably wouldn't want an armored suit unless they were already built into one. And Iron Man doesn't talk much about himself, but he definitely has the basic physical needs of a human. Steve's seen him drinking all sorts of beverages, a straw jammed into the mouth-slit of his mask. So. Probably not an android.
Tony's voice was low, amazed, wondering. "Steve...?"
Tony was definitely braver than Steve.
One late night, they get to talking about religion: Iron Man tells him he's an atheist. Steve's a little surprised to hear it. He supposes it must be a more acceptable thing for people to admit to now, like being queer. But they both know an actual god, so he's not sure how Iron Man reconciles that. But it's clearly what he believes.
, exactly. I just wanted to let you know that if you hadn't checked any news websites in the past ten minutes, you... might want to do that."
Tony's smile is gentle, even though he's still a tear-stained mess. "Seriously, though. I think you're the only person I've ever met who I can be absolutely certain never liked me for my money. It was nice." He sighs. The smile fades. "It was all true, you know. Everything I told you. Obviously I didn't tell you... who I was, but I've never lied to you. For what it's worth. And I've told you a hell of a lot of things I never thought I would tell anyone else."
"I trust you," Steve says, and his throat tightens when he says the words, because he
until tomorrow afternoon, and it's more than enough.
kind. I sort of liked the idea of being a kept man. Your kept man." He sounds oddly wistful, longing -- like he knows he's joking but at the same time, some part of him honestly, truly wants that -- and it makes Steve's stomach do a somersault.
And then, because he could, he leaned in and put an arm around Tony, drawing him close, and kissing him lightly on the mouth. For a few blissful seconds, there was nothing in the world but Tony, leaning right back into him. And Tony--
and put this mechanical
Yes, that was exactly what Steve wanted to accuse him of. But he had no proof, and now he couldn't say it without sounding like a lunatic. Steve breathed out hard, his nostrils flaring, and he kept his mouth shut.
Yeah, that was one word for it.
Ordinarily, Tony might have tried to brush away praise or compliments. Steve was expecting him to ask why, to question him, to tell him he wasn't worthy of this. And maybe that would come later. But right now every time Tony tried opening his mouth he just started smiling again, like everything in him was determined not to let him ambush his own happiness. It was the most beautiful sight Steve had ever seen.
Tony was silent for another few seconds. "I think if I were dreaming all this, Ty wouldn't be handing me a fact I could use to discover that. So that's a point in your favor. But he could be trying to get my hopes up again. So if it turned out that the reality was that people could read in dreams, and your claim is a lie, being able to read something now wouldn't prove it. But I can't say as I remember a dream I've ever read something in. And I think if it were possible, I would have done it by now."
"Hey, Cap!" he calls out, as he rises to his feet. "You want a sticker too?"
God. That was a new threat, wasn't it?
But instead Tony was slipping the shield off and offering it to him, almost insistently, as if by mentioning the shield Steve had actually meant that he very much minded it. "No, no." Tony's voice was still muffled by the helmet, in a different way than the vocal filters did. Steve couldn't quite read his tone of voice this way. "Go on. It's yours."
He's got armor, just like the vampire who stole his old armor. He'll still be able to walk in the sun that way. After a fashion.
Steve glanced down at himself; he was down to a sleeveless undershirt on top, but he was, indeed, still wearing his uniform pants and boots.
