Samuel explained in detail that a couple of hunters would know about Lucifer’s release, and would come to the bar to force-feed him demon blood soon. The kid wasn’t sure exactly which day, but it would be a week from when they arrived in Garber, Oklahoma.
Sam nodded with a sincere look on his face as he started to lag the group, feeling more tension than he expected. Nevertheless, he kept his face free of the stress he had on his mind.
“Yeah, for a while now. We got here, and the place—well, the place was like you see it.” She elaborated further. “Couldn’t find Rufus, then me and Jo got separated. I was out looking when I found you and helping the older kid in the back to find his brother and sister.”
4 “I know you’re trying to help, but you have no goddamn clue what’s like to fight this darkness flowing in my bloodstream and resist becoming what Lucifer wants me to be! Him and I share the same hatred of humanity, and sometimes I want to wipe out ninety-percent of the population just for the condemnation and pain to stop!”
However, going in before their evening shift, Sam told her that he’d lock up for the night and told her that she should head out before that.
“It’s the way I’d roll. I mean, think about it.” He reasoned out, glancing at the older kid. “It all makes sense. If War is a dude and he’s here, he’s messing with our heads. Just like German Marty McFly here just said.”
“I wish you guys stop treating me like I’m made of glass!” She said, a bit upset. “I’m a hunter just like both of you and I’m capable of more than you think I am. Have some faith in me,
Sam hesitated. “Okay. Um. We used to be in the same business together.” He answered nervously. “Uh, Samuel
Lindsay peered over. “I thought you said you didn’t go by your first name anymore.” She asked the younger-looking time-traveler, who sighed in irritation.
Dean and present Cas entered a house to hopefully summon Raphael this time. It didn’t go as planned at the hospital and he hoped that
Though the younger Winchester noticed that Samuel had acted entirely toward him, the opposite of everyone else they encountered in Oklahoma. About everyone else, except for their manager at the bar, were recipients of his snobbish personality. He was overly respectful, considerate, and kind toward Sam, and seemed overly protective as well. It’s like the kid was afraid something would happen to him and clung to him, for perhaps comfort or to ease his own worry, despite his skittishness.
“Yeah, sure. Talk here, though.” Framingham said, indicating his right ear and led them to his office. “Hearing’s all blown to hell in this one.”
“Guys! Please stop talking about me like I’m five. I’m the same age as you, Sam,” Rebekah said with her face red, obviously embarrassed by Sam and Dean’s overly protective ways, “and I’m not some helpless damsel in distress. I can protect myself if I have to.”
“You know, I can tell whenever you’re lying, Rebekah. You took out, God, how many demons with my and Dean’s help?” The kid insisted with worry in his voice, then turning to Sam and Dean. “Have either of you seen another German guy, with black hair, military cut, brown eyes, and a couple inches shorter than me anywhere? He’s my brother.”
“Not to question your reasoning, don’t you think this plan could backfire? What if calling and texting my siblings, or you and my brother’s namesake ends up with one of you kidnapped?” He said as respectfully as he could without hopefully sowing doubt in his namesake in his quiet tone. “My emotional capabilities are more limited than you seem to realize, but I’ll do as you see fit. I’ll let you guys have privacy as long as you have your phones on…and I’ll give my instincts a chance.”
Dean Winchester’s namesake wasn’t an impulsive person by nature and him normally thought all his decisions, but he put his foot in his mouth this time. He had to admit a detail that they wanted to keep hidden, mentioning an angel told them. He prayed nobody would ask which angel he was talking about.
Anyhow, as many issues as Emma had with her twin, they lived under the hero Sam’s teachings (although they interpreted a few of the teachings differently), and lived by the family business motto,
Their grandfather came in the room. “You both are giving me a headache and your oma’s sleeping, don’t forget.” He told them firmly, then his tone lightened. “You can deal with your culture shock without waking her or giving me a headache, can’t you?”
Rebekah’s worried look sent his mind into a bigger spiral than it already was. The oldest Winchester son raised his younger siblings and took his then-girlfriend under his wing after she found about what his family did for a living. Dean sighed in concern, noticing his older brother was moping like somebody kicked his puppy, like he often did without realizing. “I asked if you’re okay.” He repeated tentatively. “You’re moping about something.”
He called out for help and when Hanna came to her terrified son’s rescue, Azazel set the house ablaze, flaming rising between inside and outside of Samuel’s room. Little Danny were being carried out of the house by Klaus as he held Emma’s and Dean’s hands, then told them to go to one of the neighbors and ask them to call for the emergency services.
Dean thought, reassuring himself with an inward sigh, glancing over at Sam and Rebekah sleeping like rocks.
The lives Emma saved with her powers was worth her body turning into something less than human as long as she still had her mind and her conscience.
“Shoot.” The older-looking hunter said as he wiped his hands down on the cloth and tossed it at the bar whilst Lindsay retrieved the darts. He noticed Samuel look over at her skeptically, hiding his glances behind the book in front of his face.
The older kid and Rebekah nodded. “War’s a manipulator and what better way than to turn us against each other than play the victim?” Rebekah said darkly, glaring the Horseman. “We were informed of who’s meatsuit he’d take over and when he’d come to trick everyone here.”
Yeah, Rebekah was his wife that he met in college and if they went with that cover, Samuel would be accused of being a manipulative, controlling, or verbally abusive husband. The kid apologized for not telling him sooner and said that he waited for the safest time to admit it.
“We should find some paper towels and clean off our knives,” he suggested thoughtfully, but he felt that craving again for the blood and here they were, standing between two dead demons.
“Dean—I know I should’ve called and told, and as far as what Samuel wanted me to know, it’s not relevant now.”
had harsher and more hurtful things to say about the “demon spawn” Winchester twins. Speaking of other hunters, God knew how many hunters would be coming after them this time around, and the four Winchester siblings, especially the twins, thought they had it bad before.
“Also, for our fake IDs there, I’ll put my first name as my middle, and Dean,” Sam went on, “I assume you’re putting your first name as your middle?”
As always, thank you for reading, subscribing, and bookmarking this story. I’m sorry that this chapter took so long to write, given the additional research I did in making sure nothing was inaccurate about Germany and that I had writer’s block for a while. I’m just an American who loves Persona 5 and Criminal Minds (aside from Supernatural), which are my main inspirations right now. Now, I’m back, and with less wrist pain as well.
Danny shook his head. “We were gonna talk to Sam, Dean, and Rebekah about it when we’d get here, so I assume we’re improvising.” He answered, glancing over at his older sister who groaned. “Yeah, it’s not like we have another option.” She agreed.
Ellen, who tried to reason with Jo, ended up in a brief scuffle with her. He played referee in case things would become bloody, like his brother’s frequent scuffles tended to be, so he knew how to act fast in case it would. Sam, though, would never let Rebekah out of his or one of their siblings’ sight on a hunt. He was far too fearful of her getting killed, and he overly protected her to the point of her feeling smothered. Their dad did the same thing to them when they (and two other siblings back in the present Germany) were kids! Dean remembered how often Sam complained about their father never letting him go on demon hunts when they were younger, or never letting him participate in school science fairs.
His namesake reluctantly let go of the chokehold around Tim’s neck and looked over at the young man. “Are you okay, Samuel?” He asked in concern, who nodded, then turned back to Tim and Reggie.
My characters’ preexisting backgrounds, excluding the new one I created not too long ago, remain unchanged. I added some new things since it takes place more than a few years later than the previous story was set in. This is set in season 5 and I don’t own Supernatural, just my three characters. It starts at the beginning of season 5.
Ellen interrupted with urgency. “You don’t know what it’s like out there. Demons are everywhere. We won’t be able to cover everybody.” She tried to reason with the older Winchester. “Two of
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow your roll. This is not a demon thing.” Dean tried to reason with Austin. “I know it’s crazy, but they’re telling the truth! That’s War,
Dean and his three siblings, two older than him, were taught how to do this back all starting at the young age of seven, when their father was taught at the same age. It was like second nature to him among other skills many little kids weren’t being taught at home, like how to shoot and kill monsters.
Life back then was far simpler when the world wasn’t in danger of ending, or like when Lucifer wasn’t back on Earth. Aside from being arrested and charged with various crimes, problems were usually of the supernatural nature, like this current problem was. Comparing to Lucifer, finding the spell to summon Azazel or figuring out how to trap a reaper was nothing.
She scoffed. “You could’ve got yourself killed, and no, your siblings didn’t teach me to do that. Do you want to be arrested for murder in the past?” She said with her voice cracking with maelstrom. “Hell, they could try to deport you back to Germany! In case you forgot, Sam, we’re not supposed exist right now.”
“Yeah. I used to tell myself that it wouldn’t get this bad, and maybe Dad would return to his senses.” Emma said sadly with her voice cracking and Danny put his hand on her shoulder, glancing at the family pictures on the living room mantle, with and without Hanna, and some with Fiona on it. “We’ll be okay, Emma. We’ll get through it like we always do.” He said with the little positivity and confidence he had. “We’ll save Mom, get rid of Lucifer, and we can be a screwed-up family again.”
“I don’t care what they said! I’m not leaving without them, Dean.” Sam, as it seemed his name was. “We can’t fix the past with just the three of us. I’m already concerned enough with Rebekah coming along.”
The futuristic hunter experienced firsthand what it was like when he was in secondary school and considered fair game by more than a few jerks. As an adult and a member of widely hated hunting family, if no one feared him, they would be more inclined to try to kill him, or somebody he cared about. They needed to be feared, even if they didn’t like it. It would keep them safe from any vengeful hunters, or paranoid religious nuts believing they were working with demons to destroy the world.
“I know you could. But I can’t. I’m sorry.” Sam apologized, then improvised, “He’s a cousin of my and Dean’s from Germany. His dad used to be in the business.”
Sam rolled his eyes and nodded while the kid wasn’t surprised, like he probably knew about this the whole time. “So, who are you?” He demanded of whatever that was.
“Guys, knock it off, already!” She said, feeling small at five feet and six inches swished between the men. “You guys don’t normally argue this much, so why start now?”
much as he had to today. The way his and his brother’s namesakes seemed to look at him made him feel like his brother’s young and reckless little brother who needed cared for.
“That cherry Mustang parked on Main.” He said, glancing over at two of the time-travelers as Ellen nodded. “You can’t think that a car—” The pastor began to question, but Dean interrupted him.
Either way the kid must have been through hell, not literally of course, drudging his way through all those demons. Then again, how could this kid and his sister take down demons to accumulate blood stains going from his shoes to his neck? He was dressed in a long-sleeved black buttoned-up shirt, black jeans, and a pair of black leather boots. It’s not as if the kid’s clothes were important, but how could somebody hunt wearing all that black? He looked a bit young to be an experienced hunter. The kid’s sister, on the other hand, was a little worse for wear. She looked around the same age, maybe a little bit older. She leaned on her brother after stopping to notice them, and he was clearly worried about her.
Dean looked at him. “Hey, it’s not like you knew that, man.” He reassured the young man, but then asked, “What do you mean ‘usual effect of the knife’? You have a knife that kills demons?”
The boy was especially tense and nervous, like he was afraid of doing something wrong or maybe saying the wrong thing around him. It didn’t explain why the kid was the most skittish toward him whenever Sam had more questions, especially since telling him to tone his attitude down.
Sam Winchester's namesake and Rebekah go off on their own to check for more survivors, and both end up somewhat injured by the time they meet Sam and Dean. The two time-travelers make a few mistakes, though, that don't go unnoticed while the latter Winchester brother's namesake is out looking for them.
“We’re tired. We just want it to be over.” The archangel said with weariness in his voice, tired of life as it seemed to be going for the angels. “We just want...paradise.”
“Uh-uh. No way you’re getting out of those. Did you up myself.” Rufus said, glancing the kid tied up next to him for a moment. “You’re stuck right where I want you, you evil son of a bitch.”
“Just—stresses of the job. You know how it is.” Sam answered tensely, vaguely, then changed the subject. “Kind of surprised, you and Jo hunting. Weren't you always saying she couldn’t hack the life?”
“Demons, you know, drink, adultery. We all have our demons, Walt.” Dean improvised on the spot and the deputy looked back and forth, who answered, “I guess.”
Sitting at table with hunters in worn-out flannel shirts, blue jeans, and tough, Samuel in another of his dark button-downed dress shirts, black jeans, and polished leather boots was like a sea lion trying to swim with a few great white sharks. The kid had guts to approach the three older hunters as boldly as he did.
I have only one part left to write of this episode, and I need to figure out how to write out the episodes (with alterations) without having to divide it into three or four parts like this. I don’t want my writing to seem rushed or write the tone of the emotional tone of the original episode too carelessly and flippantly. I hope that I kept the tone of the episode as is and didn’t diminish any of the important moments.
It was like a reverse of his and Sam’s childhood, but more traumatic in some respects. John and Dean tried to protect Sam from knowing about monsters, but Klaus didn’t seem to try at all. At least he didn’t disown his oldest son for going to college, but it sounded like he didn’t help his three kids in California at all, given that they were living out of a motel.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
He is Sam’s “replacement,” and Sam and Dean are intended by Chuck to be spectators of the events that unfold in the future. I apologize to those who have been confused by the constant tag changing, confusing POV changing, and long waits between updates, etc. It was originally written when I more heavily shipped destiel and inspired by the Vampire Diaries, I want to make a love triangle over Cas and more importantly, does Cas even want to be with either one of them?
“Lucifer has been released from the Cage again in my time-period, and it’s all because of me. I was trying to prevent that son of bitch’s rising with my siblings and Rebekah, but…I ended up releasing him instead, like the demons had baited me into…The final seal was Lilith assuming the identity of another demon, who tried to take Rebekah’s life, and I killed her without considering the possibility.”
Everything had begun happening as the time-travelers said it would. Sam worried about Dean, after receiving a call from him and he explained the whole Raphael situation so far on their end. Future Cas shown up earlier and told them to not change too much of what happens and to put the Enochian angel concealment carvings on the time-travelers’ ribs. He couldn’t appear too much, for Heaven would be able to find him if he didn’t make himself scarce.
“Yeah, it’s safe. I wouldn’t put any of you in danger and the past will be in peril if we wait any longer.” The seraph answered. “Thank you for doing this. I believe you three can alter history for the better.” Sam and Dean’s grandmother came back into the dining room. “Is that the angel, boys?” She asked them, amazed, and unsurprisingly, the legend of Castiel
Being twenty-six and being treated more like a sixteen-year-old felt absolutely humiliating, insulting, and like his previous accomplishments meant nothing. Did they truly see him as a reckless kid who couldn’t be trusted to not get himself hurt? He was aware of Dean and Rebekah’s concern for him, knowing that he immensely worried them today, though obviously not by choice. They weren’t trying to treat him any younger than his age, but it still made him feel small compared to his and Dean’s namesakes.
“Okay, here’s the plan. We’re the past the bridge and demons are gonna cut that access off, and if I recall correctly, the heroes Sam and Dean hike around to enter.” Sam explained impartially, significantly calmer, and glanced over at the seraph. “If things have gone as the stories say so far, Bobby Singer’s paralyzed in the hospital and the past Castiel’s looking for God right now. Is that accurate?”
Everything that Dean and Sam have been through so far happened all over again in the future, including enemies like Azazel and Lilith coming back to life. Long after they disappeared, D and Samuel were paying for what him and Sam likely didn’t do. Neither of the modern Winchester brothers would say yes for either archangel to use their bodies as their meatsuits, and probably that’s what ended up happening. Maybe two poor people were tricked into being archangel meatsuits, and now, the futuristic Winchester brothers were used in their places to get the result they’d wanted later.
“Yes. He’s turning us against each other. You’re hallucinating.” Dean explained as Rebekah aiming her gun at him, keeping it gripped tightly in her hand. He stared up at the two of them, the hostility on his face going away.
“There’s others and maybe Dean was right about us going out alone was a bad idea.” The kid admitted reluctantly in a quiet manner, clearly displeased with being wrong. “He said he’d come after us if we didn’t come back in fifteen minutes.” Rebekah sighed, looking at her brother with concern, then glancing at the boys for a moment before turning back to him. “Sam, he’s probably already on his way! We should just head back.” She pointed out, clearly freaked out. “God, what if we get him killed?! It’ll be my fault.”
“Yeah, Dean and I are in a stalemate whether or not I’m mentally competent.” Samuel answered in a scoff, rolling his eyes toward his rather frustrated younger brother. “I told him to go back to the motel and not worry so goddamn much about me. Do I look like I’m mentally unstable here?”
store when she arrived in the city, not far from the suburb her grandparents conveniently lived in Berlin. She’d never road on a metro bus by herself before, given that she was only ten at the time. She worried that she’d become as paranoid as her father from those two blitz murder attempts, and like Danny said, it could be second attempt to shoot her to death. Then again, wasn’t her whole immediate family paranoid as their father now? It would make sense.
They hadn’t seen their grandparents, Dan and Angelika Winchester, at all in ten years when their father moved the family to America to hunt down the son of a bitch. It felt strange stepping their feet into a country they didn’t think they would see again, and they felt like foreigners in the country they never got to know that well.
Now, he could finally get some sleep and put his phone down on the bedside table, but when he looked back up, future Cas was there. “Damnit, I need sleep, Cas!” He yelled at the futuristic version of his friend, who looked apologetic with a stressed look on his face.
The young man scolded himself for being such a ‘freak,’ as he frequently called himself. His siblings, and even Rebekah now, called him a narcissist amongst other things that implied he had an ‘inflated ego.’ His namesake even implied and told him to ‘knock it off,’ a few times, showing that they must’ve thought something was wrong with him.
Also, while on the topic of inspirations, I’ve been binge-watching Criminal Minds and that has helped with coming up with new ideas for this story. I decided to shake things up and change the POVs up a bit, so which POV order do you guys prefer most?
“I’ll be fine, Sam, I know how to hunt.” Rebekah said worriedly in her Californian accent, twirling her curly brown locks out of nervousness. “We still have to decide on our aliases and what my cover is. I assume you’ll tell them the truth about being brothers.”
I will get to uploading this chapter on ff.net once I reupload the earlier chapters as soon as possible. The next chapter may be delayed, and I apologize for the delays on this chapter, I still haven’t got the hang of writing altered episodes yet.
Right before walking inside of the Waterville Sheriff’s Department, Dean’s phone rang, and he saw that it was a call from a number he didn’t recognize and answered it.
There was a devil’s trap painted inside of the doorstep with a salt line across the still. Expectantly, all five of the hunters walked through without an issue, and Ellen turned the boys.
literally did Samuel mean ‘take his place’? God, the younger Winchester hoped it didn’t mean what he thought it did. They had the same height, but outside of that, nothing else in common in appearance. Samuel had a rather lanky build and he dressed in all black, and his lawyer haircut starting to grow out.
Apologies if my recollection of emergency room questions are inaccurate, various searches on Google like ‘questions E.R. doctors ask,’ didn’t generate a lot of specific results.
“Bullshit! That wasn’t a misunderstanding. You wanted to get Sam alone for a reason, so what was it? I swear, you better tell me the damn truth this time, or I’ll kick your ass down to hell if I have to!”
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
“Chasity.” The hunter repeated, and noticed present Cas drinking his beer. “Wow. Is that kismet or what, buddy? Well, he likes you, you like him, so dayenu.” He said, trying to get his friend to ease up and enjoy himself.
Sam nodded, giving him a sympathetic look, heading toward a pick-up driver nearby. Now that he knew what he did about the boy so far, it made more sense why the kid trusted him and seemed to respect him
“Here’s what’s gonna happen. You’re gonna drink this, Hulk out, and you’re gonna waste every one of the demon scum that killed my best friend.” Tim told him hatefully with grief on his face, then nodded at Lindsay, who Reggie had just handcuffed to the table. “Or she dies.”
“No, it’s not that easy. I’ve been trying.” Ellen explained remorsefully. “We already made a run for it once. Those three kids tried telling us not to go, that more people would die if we did.”
“Nope. Just frightened people ripping each other’s throats out. I really haven’t had to do too much.” War answered, elaborating sadistically. “Take out a bridge here, lay in a little hallucination there, sit back, pop some corn, watch the show. Frankly, you’re really vicious little animals, Sam.”
He was especially attentive toward her left shoulder where a small bit of her shirt was ripped with blood over it. It looked like she had been in contact with glass, or something like that, as her pants were ripped, and she had a few small cuts scattered throughout her legs, too. This girl was attractive, and kind of hot, if you’d ask Dean on a different occasion.
Although Sam didn’t know about his until he was twenty-two, he always knew there was something unclean about him, albeit not knowing what it was. The boy and his twin, though, knew since they were young what it was, and it sounded like Klaus Winchester was more honest with his kids than how John was with him and Dean, keeping everything on a need-to-know basis.
The young man glanced at the older hunter. “I didn’t mean to—it wasn’t my intention; I was gonna tell you when this was all over.” He muttered remorsefully. “Please forgive me.”
A few cars were parked in front of the diner, though, and the pavement was bumpy as Rebekah turned to park there. When all four of them stepped out of the car, chilly air was blowing across the destitute road stop, Samuel was leaning down by his feat and grabbing a long-sleeved black button up with pink stripes. Rebekah locked the car up whilst shivering whilst Sam and D went ahead, and the boy took off his long-sleeved black and purple stripped button and handed it to Rebekah.
His feet stop without permission outside Cas’ door, and then he purposefully starts to linger there, considering. Cas is always offering,
He does that and then he turns around, and it's then that he notices the only two people left in the parking lot. Him and Cas.
Alfie laughs, amiably. He seems not to have noticed the way Cas' eyes inadvertently followed Dean's well-toned ass. “Hello, earth to Cas? I asked what your major is.”
He wishes he were better at using his words. He would tell Cas all of this, if he knew how. But he gets messed up. The meaning gets lost and confused and leave Dean altogether. So he prefers action.
Castiel stands unsteadily to his feet; the one thing he knows right then is that he has to get out of that room. He opens his mouth. “I n-need-- I can’t--”
It's a very silly hypothesis, but Cas doesn't laugh. Instead, he leans down and plops a big, fat kiss on her plump cheek. “You are so smart. Do I ever tell you that?”
You can say whatever you like about Castiel (please don’t) but if there’s one thing he knows how to do, it’s throw a dinner party. And you’d better bet that he passed that trait onto his daughter around the same time she’d learned to walk.
And it’s no accident that they are all meeting here, under these circumstances. Cas had chosen this spot for his render-vous with Alfie because he knew Dean picked up shifts when he needed money. He had wanted to sit in another server’s section, so that he could at least try and keep up the veneer of subtlety. But when they arrived, all of the other tables were full. Oh, well.
The bedroom door swings open, and Dean only pulls Cas tighter against him. Victor's head pokes in and sighs disparagingly. “Jesus Christ, you two. You know, you’d be so cute if you could manage to keep your hands off each other for five minutes.”
But every fiber of his goddamn body was screaming at him to get out that door and go to his omega. It was biology--and even more than that, it was what he wanted way down deep in the depths of his person. He couldn’t ignore that.
Dean follows her instructions. This room, unlike the front garden, feels completely unchanged. The framed photos on the shelves are all exactly the same. The couch, the loveseat, the old TV. Dean looks at the coffee table and recalls the time when he'd pushed Sam directly into it and the scar that formed from the injury. There had been so much blood that day, more than Dean could understand. He'd run screaming for his mom to come make it better.
They step outside just in time to be in danger of being mowed down by the football team, running laps around the school. Dean's gaze follows after them unconsciously. It does something to him, watching them. Well, it does several somethings, actually. He's never quite sure which one wins out over the rest. Anger, disgust, fear. Maybe a little arousal.
“Hm,” Castiel hums in response. He himself is buried deep in an assignment for his Developmental Bio course; and anyways, he’s not going to let himself expend anymore motion energy on Dean. He is under no obligation to provide any words or comfort or encouragement.
Either way, Castiel sighed. Not loudly, but long. "Alright. I will come to your practice today, Dean."
"But I do. I feel stupid for thinking it wouldn't go this way and I feel stupid for being upset that it did."
Cas flushes a color that's almost burgundy. He doesn't go out of his way to point out that Gabe's perceptions are way off. That they barely even ever go past kissing, even if that one time was really good and Dean wouldn't necessarily mind doing it again, except that it makes him feel weird when he thinks about it too much.
He’s sitting on the couch now, squishes in between two strangers who are giving him funny looks. Charlie has her hands on his knees and looks him straight in the eyes. “You don’t look so good. Are you feeling alright?”
"Thank you," he breathes out, feeling actual relaxation settle in his lungs. Cas gives a knowing wink and then politely shoos him out of the car. Dean closes the door and turns away, bracing himself for the oncoming storm.
Cas raises his head again and looks at the boy across from him. The one for whom he truly cares; which is why he can’t be with him. “No, you don’t, Alfie. It’s my problem. I’m a selfish asshole, and I just cant be with anyone right now.”
"Oh, I..." Dean clears his throat and relaxes into the chair. "It was to myself. I just realized that I ... left all my pens at school."
"Will you hold my hand on the walk back to the house?" he asks sweetly. He watches Dean's tongue move over his rose petal lips, and thinks how he can't wait to have them on his own again.
His dad clapped a hand on his shoulder and his playful grin became sincere. “You’re welcome, Dean. Y’know, this is why parents have kids. To make sure there’s someone to take care of our stuff for us when we’re gone.”
Dean guesses that it's part of the reason that he avoids talking about it with anyone. Jo, Ash, Benny. Whenever they press him about the woodsy, masculine scent about him, he shuts it down without second thought.
"Of my own house? No, I think I'll stay." Anna takes another dramatic step in, and it seems like she's taunting him. "It is awful nice to see you, Castiel. Four years goes by more quickly than it seems, doesn't it?"
It took maybe twenty minutes to get to the park, and not much longer for Dean to spot a patch of black and beige slouched down on a bench just down the path. He had to stop himself from speed-walking over, and shoved his hands into his jean pockets to keep himself looking casual.
“I’ll walk you guys out,” he offers, waving Dean over back toward the foyer. Anna narrows her eyes and follows the movement.
He doesn't want to look at his phone. He lets the music keep playing, but turns it down to a normal volume. For a few minutes, he lies on his back and stares up at the ceiling. It's hot out. He can feel beads of sweat forming on his hairline and dripping down his face. He closes his eyes. Maybe he'll try meditating. He's never done it before, but it seems self explanatory, right? Just don't think of anything. He's gonna try it right now.
Castiel’s lips crack into a wide smile. He’s a family man. Sentimental. That’s a very attractive feature in a prospective husband…
The hand stays right there, all through the night. When Dean's eyes flutter open delicately in the morning sun, he's half-surprised to find it there. First, because he doesn't remember it being there- and then when he does, he can't believe that the two of them stayed so still the entire time that they slept.
He stays planted in that spot for several moments, considering. Is this an accident? He has to wonder. Or perhaps some kind of subconscious plotting of his brain.
For a while, they drive around town aimlessly, hand in hand. It's early in the day, they've got time before they need to pick up Hannah, and the unwinding is good for both of them. Cas thinks of asking out loud if Dean is thinking the same as him, back to their first date, their first summer, when car rides like these were the only freedom they knew. In the end, he decides not to say anything. He knows already, from the way Dean's thumb strokes gently over his palm, that their minds are in the same place.
“I believe it would be a re-christening,” he pointed out, as if giving the idea a significant amount of thought, “as we’ve already engaged in every type of sexual relation imaginable in this vehicle.”
He can’t remember it, but he knows he’d had one tonight. He knows because he wakes in a panic, sweat sticking to his overheated skin and a weird sense laying low in his gut. For a horrifying split second, he thinks it might be another heat coming on, and he wrestles with the urge to launch himself out of his window and get lost in the ocean.
"Don't be dumb," Dean practically hisses. He's embarrassed and he knows that his face is showing it.
Cas kept the smile when he leaned in to keep going at Dean's mouth with his own, the intensity building each times their lips reconnected. He whispered, "I know."
She holds up her bow and raise some her eyebrows in what Cas imagines is supposed to be some kind of threatening gesture. He laughs heartily. "Thank you, Charlie. I'll remember that." And then, as a way of transitioning away from the topic, he asks, "And what about you? Is your lady friend coming tonight?"
Dean sits up in interest. "Why did he marry her at all?" he asks, curious. It might be a dumb question, and maybe it's the kind of thing an adult would understand, but he doesn't.
Dean snorts. "No way." He stabs a piece of egg and takes a hearty bite. With his mouth still full, he adds, "And anyway, I've gotta sleep somewhere, right?"
Slowly, timidly, the covers are pealed back from Castiel face. He peaks out from behind them, both scared and calmed now by the thought of looking Dean in the eye.
Cas turns to Hannah in surprise. She rocks a bit in his arms and tells him, “Lucas’ mom made them for his birthday and they were soooo yummy.”
"Is that okay?" he asks, his voice straining to be soft. Dean feels his heart settle in his chest when he hears the way it sounds. The panic fades, and in its place is a yearning to be as close to Cas as he can bare. He answers by grabbing his face and pulling it in for more very-good open mouthed kisses. Cas takes the lead, which is something Dean is not used to. He likes it. He likes it alot.
Cas hums thoughtfully and shakes his head. ”No, I think I’ve always preferred to treat my body with kindness. Five servings of fruits and veggies, all that jazz. Why do you ask?"
Dean closes the door behind them and presses Cas' back up into it. "No, but I don't see why we can't spare a few minutes alone..."
“You guys watching the game?” Sam asks, gesturing at the television. On the screen presently is the big parade, but it’s wrapping up now, and even Hannah isn’t thrilled to see Snoopy now that her other dad has arrived.
Something passed between them then, as Dean lingered in the doorway. Something pleasant; new, but familiar. The whole experience was really something strange all over: Dean, looking at his boyfriend, who he loved so very fucking much. And Castiel, looking back at a near-stranger.
Castiel's lips curl up again, in that way that makes Dean regret ever opening his mouth at all. He looks so self-satisfied, almost dubious in his pleasure. "I don't see you sleeping in her bed every night. Unless you've been jumping out of more windows once I fall asleep."
, Dean suddenly remembers. They actually had slept in separate beds last night. He had forgotten about that.
Castiel is pleased to hear his own laughter. He takes a pecan pie in his hands and holds it out to Dean. “If you want pie, then it’s time.”
In his chest, he feels that same burning chill that he did the last time Dean crawled into his bed. But this time it’s different. He doesn’t feel quite so sad anymore. Now, he feels a sense of closure, of the end. It’s time for him to move on, at last. And he feels ready to do it.
"How the hell are you?" he manages to sound halfway convincing as he asks. He can feel the hair on the back of his neck itching. His fingers twitch to scratch it.
“I hope everything’s alright with your family,” said Castiel, his eyes sparkling a bit in the dim light of the restaurant.
Dean was all to happy to see Castiel standing beside him. He instantly reached down to slide his hand into Cas’ and leaned in to dot a quick kiss on his lips. “Hey, babe,” he greeted with a smile, “did you have fun?”
He wishes he could talk to Sammy about this. That little nerd would know all about this stuff, no doubt. Or if he didn’t already, then he’d go find some book to stick his nose in until he could give Dean a report about all of his symptoms and exactly what was causing them.
Today he seemed content. Quiet, but serene. Dean knew that Castiel didn’t really ‘get’ his thing for cars, this one specifically. But he did recognize that it was important to Dean. So he was happy that Dean was happy, which made Dean feel even happier about everything.
"It's fine," Dean tells her with a shrug, even though fine is pretty low on the list of words to describe the way he feels.
They’d actually spent the better part of the past nine days together, Dean trying to prove to Cas that sacrificing his Saturday night to the whims of a truly awful local DJ could be on some level “worth it”. And though Castiel hadn’t even been truly persuaded of that fact, he had enjoyed the persuading. Dean’s charm supply seemed never-ending, and Castiel had quite enjoyed being the center of his focus for the past week, for whatever reason that had been.
He ran to his car and hopped in. Definitely drove too fast on his way across town and very nearly got into two different collisions, but he made it. He made it, and the minute he opened the door to Castiel’s apartment and the sweet scent of
"Can I come with you?" Castiel asks after a moment. His tone is one of understanding. He'll give Dean the space he needs on this one, but he'll do whatever he can to help.
This isn’t his fault, he knows. He’s done nothing that would invite this kind cosmic punishment, not that he believes that something like thuan is ever merited in these situations.
The question repeated in his mind the whole time got dressed, which was a much slower process than usual, and for the duration of the half hour ride to Topeka. He’d been so distracted that he’d forgotten to look up directions to where he was going, and ended up driving around in circles for another ten minutes.
But, miraculously, he doesn’t. This time isn’t like the others. This time, Dean pulls Cas tight against him and huffs out a laugh.
At that, she lets out a long slow whistle. “Well, boy howdy does that sound like a real pickle.... unless you two are planning on patching things up?” Cas grimaces, and she adds, “I’m guessing no.”
jealous would have been okay, though. It's nice to be fawned over. Now that Dean is actually letting himself enjoy it, he's not sure he'll ever get sick of it.
"Cha-? Oh! Charlie!" Dean was practically yelling now. "Yes! Wow. You're... It's so great to meet you."
He replaces the hand on Dean's shoulder wth his head, his cheek pressed against the stiff fabric as he snuggles in a bit closer.
"Okay, okay," Pamela withdraws her hand from him and pulls back into herself. "You don't have to decide right now."
Dean answered with a silent nod. He felt a little intimidated by this Missouri woman. Judging from her permanent frown and the disappointed expression in her face, her imagined this was the response she invoked in the great majority of people.
Now, Cas' brows furrow at that. Dean's fingers, where they rest on his arm, have gone stiff, and it only takes a matter of seconds before he realizes.
- to enter. He closes the door behind them with a loud thud, which seems to mark the beginning of something.
"Heh. Yeah." Dean would probably find that funny if hearing Gabe's name didn't make him boil over with anger. He's not sure if he should say that though, since he isn't too sure of the situation between Castiel and Gabriel. They might hate each other, but it's still probably never a good idea to go bad-mouthing someone's brother to them.
“You’re a man now. You'll be needing some way to get around and cause trouble. And I’m getting too old for all the upkeep she needs. Figure it’s about time I pass the workload off to you.”
Somewhere trapped in his mind is about a thousand words that he could say. "Sorry" or "'scuse me" or "I gotta get up now", but they're all garbled into mush and nothing is coming out and he's not trying to make it. Cas looks happy. Nervous, but happy, with the edge of his lips almost just barely turned into a smile.
Dean lowers Hannah back down to the ground and looks down the hall past Castiel. “Hey, Anna. Happy Thanksgiving.” He’s vaguely ill-at-ease. Cas wants to step in to his aid.
Sure enough, a few hours later finds Dean in bed, writhing uncomfortably on top of the sheets. He grips at his stomach, which is pained by cramps not unlike the ones he'd seen Amelia for in the first place. All over, it's not nearly as bad as the one heat he's had so far, but it's distressing, and it makes him feel like staying in bed until his body fixes itself.
All he had on that particular afternoon was a healthy level of disdain toward his brother Gabriel, who had gone an gotten himself infected with mononucleosis, so that now Castiel had to take his place as the official coaching assistant of the boys’ soccer team. So now, instead of going home and secluding himself in his bedroom and cracking open a new copy of his favorite book, as was his typical Friday night practice, he found himself crammed onto a sweaty school bus, with 24 rough and rowdy boys (most of whom didn’t care for him, if they knew he existed at all), headed for some rival town more than  hour away from where they were.
He looks back to Balthazar with a grimace. “I should really get heading home. This is probably important.”
Alfie goes shy at the mention of his name and excuses himself to get drinks for himself and Castiel. Charlie follows him with her eyes and then turns to Cas with a single eyebrow quirked.
It scares him to think about. It's so much easier to just dig his heels into the ground, to stick with the choice he's made and never have to think about it again.
When he wakes up in the morning, Dean has to blink few times before it all comes back to him. He remembers each part of the previous evening with an additional stomach drop, and he stares at the bedroom door with a mixture of gratitude and dread. No use wasting time, though. He forces himself out of bed, despite the sensation of being called back into the sheets, and makes his way out into the rest of the apartment.
It's just... how considerate of Dean. He didn't have to do that. Certainly he doesn't care at all about political correctness, or things like that.
He hadn’t realized that he’d groaned out loud until she called attention to it. But now that he notices, he also sees how he’s gone ridge straight. He’s still staring at Dean, weirdly unable to look away, until he sees a head turn his way and blue eyes sparkling in his direction. Cas whips his head back to Charlie so fast he could break his neck.
“I do trust you,” he promised. And then, as he switched on his most tried and true puppy-dog eyes, “Can I have a kiss?”
"Hey. Come here." Castiel comes around the side of the car, his head bowed and arms slightly outstretched. Not even playing at hesitation, Dean walks right into the embrace. Cas hums in a low voice, "I just want to remind you that I will always care about you. No matter what."
Hannah is particularly well-behaved all week, though he can’t say she’s especially pleased when he picks her up from school on Thursday and announces that they are going to head to the grocery store.
But it wasn’t actually so bad, because Dean was actually significantly warmer with the coat on. And it was only Cas who’d see him, and Cas had already assured him, rather directly, that he almost always found Dean attractive, irrelevant to the fact of what he was (or was not) wearing.
Her face falls. Cas' gaze lowers to the ground, as if he embarrassed by his own exclamation. But Dean's mind is still focused on the words, a weird flash of something coming over him. Is that true? It can't be, he thinks, but then he wonders if it's ever actually come up between him and Cas before.
That's the only answer he has for Sam. He doesn't even know what would be a better response, what kind of reaction he's supposed to have. Of course his dad is still his dad, but... there's a lot of processing happening real time right here.
Dean and Cas each got a few weeks off from work to get settled, but eventually Dean had to go back. Cas had decided to take an extended leave, to stay home with the kids and get settled into life with the new baby for a while longer. Neither of them liked the idea of a nanny, and it made things easier for Ruby after school, too.
He returns home after a short walk, and delivers the shopping to his mother in silence. His father asks after him, but Castiel ignores the calls. He strolls right through the house, out into the yard, and takes a seat under one of his favorite trees. It’s a good spot to sit and wonder, which is exactly what he needs to do right now.
“It’s a mess,” he says honestly, directing Dean toward the kitchen. “She’s got so much stuff, I don’t even know where to begin putting it all. It makes me wonder how it all fit into that shoebox I was living in before.”
"Who is she?" Dean gives voice to the questions circling in his head. He turns away from Castiel and directs his question at her. "Who are you?"
She presses her fingers as gently as she can against his stomach and asks him if it hurts. It does. His skin is still sticky with sweat, but he is pretty sure that's just from the physical effort of being in pain. It sucks, it really does. But the pills are helping, kinda.
“Piña colada?” Castiel repeats with a laugh, looking over to see Dean with a similar surprise on his face. “You’re sure? It’s pineapple and coconut, is that okay?”
A hand claps forcefully on Dean's shoulder, startling him. "God, you are a goner." He turns and sees Sam, still wearing that dorky yellow polo, grinning smugly at him.
His attention is called back at the sound of his name, and he looks toward Balthazar. The editor takes him gently by the elbow and directs them down the hall, along the wall of windows with the sweeping view of the Chicago skyline in the distance.
Dean’s fingers drum against the surface of the table. He clears his throat. "I am," he mutters quietly. "I mean, you do. And I'm going to fix it, all of it."
Dean hesitates, his gaze floating in the general area where Castiel stands. Sam looks to his brother, but doesn’t bother to pause. “I’ll take a beer, Cas. Thanks.”
He liked the way Cas looked back at him then. Dean could tell he thought it was foolish, the idea that he could contribute to the loss or victory of the game. But he could also tell that he liked it. However small and silly it was.
Then she raises her hands in a gesture of submission and says, "Just an outside opinion, in case you need it."
Balth moves closer and raises a hand towards Cas. "Now, listen, sweetheart. I can think of a few ways this relationship can be mutually beneficial..."
"Yeah, I know," he tells Dean, "And that's all I care about, to be quite honest with you. In a different setting, yeah I'd like to know your friends. In the future. But, for now, we can take things slow."
The silence in the car feels amplified now, so different than it had when he'd gotten in the car. The call leaves him feeling happy, in a way he doesn't remember being in a while. It's the same as he felt leaving the restaurant, and it's also different.
“Ugh.” Rebekah groaned in discomfort, accidentally moving her shoulder, and felt a nick on her word. “Son of a bitch.” She muttered profanely, feeling the effects of the intensified painkillers working.
Sam looked down. “It’s just...at the store. Those demons were possessing teenagers.” He said. “I mean, I had to slit some kid’s throat.”
mean every word he said as he wanted from them. “I’m not getting benched either.” She said stubbornly as well, sitting instead of standing up. Unlike Sam, she didn’t like attention and she didn’t like people staring at her, even if it was her being praised.
Thank you for all who’ve enjoyed my Supernatural fic, subscribed, bookmarked, and left kudos. I must apologize for not saying that sooner, I really appreciate all who enjoy my story. It’s just been crazy lately and I’ve been more forgetful than usual.
“We had to, Sam.” The other young man at the table said with a solemn pitch in his soft German accent. He was the second tallest out of the four at the table with soft black hair, brown eyes, and fair skin dressed in a buttoned-up blue and white flannel shirt and loose blue jeans with a silver cross necklace over top. “Emma and Danny said they’ll call Oma and Opa when they get here. Castiel should be here soon.” He looked about two or three, or maybe four years older, than the taller man.
When he did honestly feel bad, which was only sometimes, he’d do everything to make up for it and then do inadvertently something else insensitive or selfish; the cycle had been tirelessly rinsed and repeated since the four of the Winchester siblings were kids back in Germany. What made Emma feel terrible about the situation was that Sam was often frustrated with his limited understanding of more complex emotions toward people he didn’t know and his inability to relate to other people, even family members at times.
“Maybe one day. But today, you’re my little bitch.” The angel told Raphael, then left the house and Dean followed behind, then pausing toward the archangel. “What he said.”
If there's still any inconsistencies, grammar errors, etc, that need fixed, please let me know and I'll fix it.
Sam threw all three darts into the center of the target as he noticed Samuel put his book down, and came over closer to the TV, with concern that was quickly masked up.
Danny sighed. He’d known that his grandfather and father never got along that well and wondered why he even named after Dan in the first place. Was it only because their grandfather helped raise his three older siblings and for no other reason? Maybe even ‘homicidal’ and ‘mentally unstable’ was an understatement to describe their family. He was certain that those terms didn’t even come close to how Sam took extreme pleasure in torturing demons without any shame, and he knew for a fact that his oldest brother was a sadist.
He has to say that he’s surprised at how protective he feels of his boyfriend right then, but his only concern is getting Alfie away from there. He takes hold of Charlie and turns away, leading them toward the door.
He starts to walk on, and his friends follow along shortly after. “Thank you, guys. I think I will do that. I just… I don’t know if I can stand the idea of seeing him for a few days. Is that weird?”
“Please, Dean, let’s not prolong this any longer than we need to. I’m already embarrassed enough as it is.”
“I ended things, because…” Cas struggles, trying to find the right words for what had happened, “because I didn’t think it was fair to him.”
For that comment, though, he received one of Castiel’s harsher glares. “Of course I know that it’s your birthday,” he contended, stomping closer to Dean and leaving tracks in the snow behind him. When he was standing just in front of Dean, the anger melted away from his face, and his expression became an entirely softer thing all together. “Happy Birthday.”
He caught the immediate way thats John’s face fell, his eyes dimming slightly, and with no pause at all Dean felt like the biggest asshole in the world. Here his dad was, giving him this big, important thing, this symbol that meant so much, and Dean asked if he could go screw off and show it off to his boyfriend, without even saying thank you. What a jerk.
I'm definitely planning to do at least one timestamp to this story, that will take place in between the last chapter and the epilogue. If you have any other ideas or requests, please feel free to share <3
She grinned extra wide and Dean noticed the way her teeth looked extra white against her tan skin. She leaned over the table (again, and Dean almost rolled his eyes) and pushed a few pamphlets his way. “Well, you’ve
And Castiel couldn’t be mad. He knew that Dean’s parents were tight on money, knew that he was never going to have the opportunity to go to college or do any of the things that were a given for Castiel. Not unless he did something dramatic.
This is the first reference Jo has so much as even hinted at of Dean's presentation, or of there being anyone in his life in the way that Cas is. He's shocked to hear the words come out of her mouth. But, truthfully, he shouldn't be quite so dumbfounded. Even he knows that he's pretty much the easiest person in the world to read, especially to his friends.
Dean grins sheepishly. The best part of his birthday isn't the presents or anything else. It's having someone who wants to be around him.
"Fine." The words come out tight from between his clenched teeth. "This is Dean. Dean, Gabriel… my brother.”
It isn't a perfect love speech, but it's endearing enough. If Castiel had been listening, it surely would have given him butterflies despite the mild sexual content and the awkward fumbling of Dean's words.
In the evening, when their exhaustion begins to set in, they decide to break for dinner. PB&J on wheat, one of the only things they have in their dorm room. Cas walks back over to the to the bed with two plates in hand and gives one to Dean.
. Did Castiel do that on purpose? Sneak it in all quick like that so that Dean would barely even notice? Or maybe it just felt natural to him. Maybe he's been thinking of Dean like that since the beginning and just hadn't said it out loud until now?
Castiel doesn't say anything after that, so for a while, the only sounds between the them are the waves rushing against the shore and the birds cawing over head. Dean tries to appreciate the serenity, even just for a few seconds, but his brain is working over time trying to think to something to say to Castiel. Some way to show his appreciation, or something. It would easier if he could do it without words.
"Uh, not at all," the omega answers honestly, "but it's not like there's any point in putting it off."
“It’s alright.” And then, trying to change the subject, “Is there by any chance a delicious birthday breakfast waiting for me?” He sniffed the air and found no bacon scent lingering, which made him pout dramatically, and kind of defeated the point of making a show out of not being treated like a kid anymore.
He turns his head away and bites down on his lower lip. He’s starting to understand what Cas was saying about how excellent this will be, the three of the crashing together.  Maybe coming here was a bad idea. It wouldn’t be surprising, Dean’s pretty much batting .1000 when it comes to shit decision-making skills.
But there was only so much pushing one could do. Eventually, Dean stopped worrying about it and trusted Cas to be able to look out for himself. He stopped trying to force friendships. He figured that maybe he could be enough for Castiel. It was a lot of pressure, but that was how it had always been for them anyways, hadn't it?
Angers stings through his body at the lost opportunity. The fact of losing something he's worked so hard for, through no fault of his own. Or perhaps it is his fault, for being too trusting. For not listening to the warnings. Either way, he is where he is now. He's hardly the first person this has happened to, and he won't be the last. But the bitterness sits on his tongue as he stomps across the floor, only vaguely aware of the eyes that follow him as he goes.
Castiel peaked over at him and cracked a grin before turning his gaze back down to Roman. He extended a single finger and touched the soft baby skin of Roman’s cheek.
He wasn’t exactly bursting to get the news out to everyone. Besides his brother and Bobby, no one else even knew that Ruby had come into his life. Not that he wanted to hide her or anything, but it… it had to be the right time.
Cas put up no resistance. He moved his awkward, clumsy, weirdly sexy way across the seat and climbed directly into Dean's lap, settling so that his weight was comfortably balanced on Dean's thighs and so that Dean could just barely detect the line of his ass through his jeans. It made Dean practically want to purr.
“You’re too kind, sir,” he flirts, allowing his face to hover in dangerously close to Dean’s, “but please, don’t gaze at me so. I can't have it. I’m newly engaged, you know.”
When they left, finally, to return back home, Cas slipped his fingers in between Dean’s without a single word, and Dean knew without a doubt that this whole thing had definitely been worth it.
Does he expect his friends to drop him with the snap of a finger? No. Does he think Cas or Gabe will toss him out onto the street? No, he doesn't.
“Oh, Castiel,” Balth says, and his voice sounds almost like he can’t believe how silly Cas is being. It makes Cas
When they return to their room, Dean lies on the bed without moving. He feels numb. He knows that tears will come again but right now there are none.
Castiel stops for a moment to consider that. Probably too long, because after a minute, Pamela stands to her feet and asks, as if to pull him back, "You want to ride with me to the office? We can stop on the way for some grub."
He'd dragged his alpha half way across the country, in the middle of a fight by the way, to visit the family that hates him so much they couldn't be bothered to care when he took off.
“There’s really no reason to be so immature about it, Dean. If you’re not interested, I can handle it. I’m a big boy," he looked back over his should at Dean, "I'm hurt, but I can handle it."
"It's not like I'm avoiding celebrating. We can do something if you want. It's just that I already have everything I want."
Cas closes his eyes, wills himself to fall asleep. He hopes that Dean will go. Leave the apartment, give him time to wallow a bit longer, try to make himself better.
They didn't each lunch together every single day, but Dean liked to at least try, whenever their schedules allowed it.
“Of the fifteen percent of couples who endure past the first year of college, do you know how many stay together for the duration? Who go on to have a successful marriage?”
“Yes. Definitely.” And then, just to make sure he didn’t complete forget his role as a parent, he points his fork toward her plate and adds, “that is, if you eat all your carrots.”
But it’s not fine, it’s not. He feels himself go limp in Dean’s hands, no longer an active participant in the sex. Nothing more than just a warm hole for Dean to stick his dick.
He sighs. "I can't go back in there right now. Okay? I just can't." He sees an earnestness in her eyes, a desperation. He knows full well he can't let her keep feeling like that on his account. "We'll come back in the morning. I'll spend some time with you and Sam then, okay? Just you two."
This is… nothing to be concerned about. Dean is trying to be nice. He wants to surprise Castiel. It’s thoughtful of him. Jesus, Cas needs to learn to appreciate things like this. If he doesn’t, Dean is going to get tired of him pretty quick, that’s for damn sure.
What does hurt, though-- more then Castiel expects-- are the faces of the people that surround Alistair. Some of them he knows, some he doesn’t; but all of them are laughing to each other, complicit in the mockery, every one showing their support for Alistair’s cruel sentiments.
He waves to a few people that he recognizes, mostly girls who appear to be sizing him up as he goes past, which makes him feel both newly confident and intensely shy for the first time in his life. He starts taking more sips from his beer to fill the long, awkward pauses and munching on the bag of pretzels on the counter to balance out the buzz that is steadily increasing as the moments go by.
He leans his head back against the pillows and sighs up at the ceiling. This is everything he's always wanted. Everything he wants, forever.
“Are you scared?” he whispered, even though he didn’t think he had to be quiet. He didn’t know whether he wanted Cas to say yes or no.
And then he raised himself to his feet and proceeded down the hall toward the baby’s room. He could hear the soft music of Roman’s lullabies traveling down the hall, and he figured there was a good chance that’s where he’d fine the other two. He opened the door slowly, with caution.
“This.. it just reminds me of… y’know. Old times, when we used to Skype. Except now I’m on the other side. It’s me and her calling you.” He scratches at the back of his neck and his lips crack into a half-smile.
Cas' face turns a shade of pink that Dean hasn't seen on him in a long time. "Well, I... I guess I haven't been away from my true mate for that many days since we've known each other. But I guess, in an effort to answer your question... yes, it hurts me to be away from you."
It's then he notices that the sky's gone dark around them. He's been out wandering for much longer than he'd thought, he should hurry to get to Charlie's before the front door locks and he can't get in anymore.
And so their days fell back into that space of comfortable routine. Sure, they woke up at all odd hours because of Roman’s crying and, okay, ‘free time’ wasn’t really a concept either of them were familiar with anymore. But when Dean stepped through that door at six o’clock and he walked into the kitchen, with Ruby at the table and Cas at the stove with the baby in his arms… it felt like that domestic bliss people were always talking about.
A pleased smile sits on Dean's lips. "Huh. That sounds like some territorial peacocking, Mr. High and Mighty," he contends, barely containing his laughter.
“Yeah, I figured you’d say that. So I told her that we’re supposed to say Native Americans instead.”
So he dutifully slides in to the seat left for him, the one next to Dean. He pretends not to notice the way Dean’s jean-clad leg rests comfortably against his. Or the way his eyes still manage to sparkle in the dim, fluorescent lighting of the school room.
Maybe they were past that stuff now. More independent. They were older now and everything was more complicated than it was back then, being in college and all.
So, instead of running away, he just slinks down the stairs, into the kitchen, with his chin angled down toward the floor. He’s not hungry necessarily, but it’s something to do.
“No, you didn’t." Dean's eyes soften, and the smirk that had been present melts off. His voice lowers just so and he regards Cas with something that he doesn't quite know how to place. "You were a good boy.”
He can’t say it’s easy not to feel resentful about it. But time has passed and wounds have healed. Their little girl has grown up and is on the path to becoming a wonderful little lady. It’s hard to think of Dean now as anything other than a great dad.
The way Castiel was staring at him with frustrated bewilderment at him from the bed made him halt the laughter all together. “It’s been about six months,” he confessed. “Well, seven. You’d get mad at me if I rounded down.”
Dean changes his position and suddenly he won't meet Castiel's eye. “No, it’s… it’s just a little weird.” Cas gives him a look, begging him to continue. Dean does, though he sounds increasingly uncomfortable. “Talking about a guy you’re seeing, or whatever.”
That’s when another face popped out from behind the corner where the hallway met the kitchen, smiling large and wide and maybe a little sappy as she bounded down the hall with arms outstretched. “Oh, there he is,” Mary yelled, a little loud for Dean’s ears but welcome nonetheless, “my birthday boy. My big, grown-up man.”
Dean sinks down into a chair like it's the most natural thing in the world and throws him a suspicious look. “Margaritas and thai food? Mixing cuisines a little there, aren’t you?”
Dean’s jaw set firmly. He hedged internally, though he already knew what his answer would be. “Yeah. I’ll go with you, Cas.”
contributing, and even if Dean doesn’t mind that right now, Cas does. He already hates the image of himself as a freeloading sadsack, but the idea of Dean being saddled to that useless, depressed lump of a boyfriend? Oh no.
He stares at his shoes as his feet cross over the familiar cobbling that connect his building to the rest of campus. Dean had told him that Lisa was coming over that day in the restaurant, he’s certain of it. He’d been crushed by it, at the time. It was a very memorable kind of pain. There was no reason for Castiel to invent that in his head.
"I'm Dean." He puts all his strength into the shake in an effort to prove his worth. Scrappy is fine but he'd rather be strong. Capable. He retracts his hand, which didn't even earn him so much as a look from the alpha, and says, "No offense there, Benny, but you sorta strike me as an Alpha yourself."
good one.” Ruby was standing guard next to the crib, her eyes just barely at the level where she could see past the padded walls that squared him in. She was right next where his head lay, and watching her was just about the cutest damn thing Dean could even imagine. “Daddy says big sisters are supposed to take care of their little brothers, so when you get bigger you can just tell me if you’re hungry and I’ll show you where Daddies keep the cookies.”
Dean hums, reflecting back on how much fun he’s had at all the past few months. He hadn’t thought of it as being particularly little, but maybe his idea of fun has changed more than he noticed.
“Hmm..." he hummed wickedly, brushing his hand over where Castiel's sat on his thigh, "I can think of a few things we could do to rattle those brains around.”
It's only when his eyes drift upwards and he catches sight of a mean-looking shadow from a second floor window that reality hits him again. He lets his laugh slowly peter out and then turns to his mother and brother one last time.
Cas feels a stab of anger thinking about it and he looks down to see his hands are balled into tight fists.
When the car pulls up, Mary and Sam are already waiting on the front lawn. They look anxious to see him. It's strangely flattering. Comforting. They really do want him here.
Especially because of what day it was. Specifically, it was the twenty-fourth cold and snowy morning in January, which meant that it was Dean’s birthday. HIs eighteenth. The opening ceremony into adulthood, and the first day of the rest of his life.
He thinks he sees the nervousness that’s plastered on Dean’s face begin to melt away. Dean raises his eyes and looks at Castiel, the edges of his eyes soft and happy. “I’d love a beer. Thanks.”
It’s not closing time yet, but Dean will be there when it is. This place has become his preferred place to spend his time when after school when he’s trying to avoid going home.
But now’s not the time. Castiel knows that well enough. He has no time to take care of a new child, no partner to help with the load. And he's only just starting out in his career, he can't stop now. Wasn't that his whole plan when he moved back home from Texas? To take some time to focus on himself, all the things he never got to do.
gay, or bi, or whatever he might be. Maybe he’s just ‘experimenting’. But Castiel would never, ever blow his cover, never risk hurting him.
“Benefit?” Dean repeats, a little on edge. Like, friends with benefits? Because that's not what he'd been looking for.
He wonders if he has to worry about them. If there will ever come a time when they are filled with malice, or disdain, or possibly worst of all, indifference.
Cas thinks he’s misheard him; or else, this conversation isn’t starting the way he thought it would. “...what?”
Twice, Cas had straight out asked him what was wrong. Both times, Dean shrugged off the question and made it seem as if nothing had changed at all.
He found it easier to confess all this when his eyes were covered by his hands. Unfortunately, Cas wasn't planning to let him feel comfortable, that was for sure. Dean felt strong, insistent fingers wrapping around his own, pulling his hands away from his face.
“Um, it’s Alfie,” mutters the boy across the table. He appears to be intimidated by Dean’s presence, which, of course, only makes sense.
It’s a little past three when a hand on his leg, violently shaking him, rouses him out of his sleep.
Now, that just about makes Dean light up to his ears; makes him want knock Gabriel in the jaw and ask him where the fuck he gets off trying to make Dean feel guilty for not being miserable. He’s sixteen, and it’s his fault that alphas all over the world as too hopped-up not to sticking their know where it isn’t wanted? He’s supposed to feel lucky that he hasn’t been (successfully) sexually assaulted yet?
Maybe Gabe had been right. That's definitely a weird thing to think, but Dean seems to be thinking it anyway. Maybe he should have gotten out while the getting was good. Before he got all mixed up with feelings and kissing and bed-sharing and...
The larger boy leans in, and now Cas can really catch the heady odor of body spray and day-old beer stains. It makes his stomach turn. “What’d you do to him anyway, huh? What weird little trick did you pull to turn Dean queer?”
At five o’clock, he hears a sound from behind him, and jumps on the couch. An excitement prickles inside. “Dean?” he asks, a sense of thill in his voice. Just as he turns around to see, a pair of rough, calloused hands slip over his eyes and the world goes dark.
Dean shrugs.  “Nothing," he mutters around his soda can, "it’s just... I always thought alphas ate a certain way, you know.”
He sits himself down in the chair beside Dean’s, which is normally Mother’s but his for now. He looks over at Dean and leans his cheek against his palm dreamily. Dean looks between Castiel and his parents. Silence reigns for a few moments before they begin.
Sure, it’s not love at first sight. But Castiel doesn’t see why, if he tries hard enough, he can’t make himself fall just as hard for Alfie as he has for Dean.
As he’s walking, his eyes fall onto Castiel, who’s curled up under his blankets, shirtless, mouth just slightly open with his arms wrapped around a large pillow. Dean stares at the pillow. He stares for a good, long minute
Castiel sits upright and raises his arms over his head, delighting in the way his muscles stretch and bones pop.  His eyes flick to the microwave in their common space and sees the green letters glowing nine-twenty-six at him.
He'd meant it as a joke, but Cas winces. “I know. I believe that’s my fault. I’m sorry you’re getting dragged in the middle.” Castiel peels at the purple design on the beer label. “Gabriel is… different, when he’s in a good mood. When he knows that he can trust you.”
He realizes the second he leaves the building that the temperature had dropped drastically at some point over the weekend, and he’s significantly undressed for the cold breezes that blow through him. Oh well. Nothing he can do about it now. He’s not going back to that room tonight, that’s one thing he knows for sure.
Dean looks over and smiles, though this one looks like it might be hiding a mild horror. “Oh, hey, Anna. Long time no see.”
He learns how she chose her major, how her relationship with her father affected her outlook on life (and men), about the great state of Kansas from which she hails, the long list of activities and causes about which she feels the greatest passion.
”Well, at least come to the afterparty," she presses him, practically begging, "We can get wasted and prank the jocks.”
Castiel balls his hands into fists. The annoyance he feels is offset by the smile on Dean’s face and the knowledge that Dean has no idea the harm he’s doing.
He expects Dean to scoff, tell him not to get his panties in a twist. Maybe even brag about his own score last night with one of those pretty girls who'd been flanking him for the entire party. But instead, Dean suddenly gets to his feet and grabs his backpack, shoving his computer inside. “Whatever,” he mutters in a low voice. “I gotta go.”
At one point in the fall semester, Dean sat on the mega bed shoving books into his bag and asked, "Are you on west campus for lunch today? Do you want to meet up at like one?"
Oh no. He's been spotted. From the doorway, Castiel turns his head at just that moment, and it's so obvious the second that he catches sight of Dean, because he lights up like a damn switchboard when he does. He immediately starts to walk in the direction of their table, and Dean doesn't know what he can do to stop him without being a total jerk. But he's approaching too fast, and Dean is panicking, so all he can do is just shake his head, as fervently without being enough to make Jo notice.
looks. “I am thankful… that Christmas comes so soon and that my dress is so pretty and that we get to eat pie.”
Castiel curls into himself a little. He’s been through a cycle of emotions over the past forty-eight hours, the complete range from extreme low to extreme high, and right back down again. He chews on his lip and ponders if right now he feels any better than he did when he left Alfie a crying mess in his dorm room on Friday afternoon.
Castiel stares at Dean now, across the living room, unable to speak. He manages a mute nod, and Dean’s lips crack into a joyful little grin.
Cas rolled his eyes, even as his cheeks grew a more intense shade of pink. “It hardly seems an embarrassing secret now that we’ve apparently been dating half a year.”
Dean rolls his eyes out of Cas' sight. He appreciates keeping up the ruse, he supposes, but they both know that one of those beds isn't getting any use tonight. He reaches into the backseat and grabs his bag, and then follows Cas back through the front doors of the building. As they pass the front desk, he sneaks a look out of the side of his eye. The woman behind the desk is middle-aged, Black, and totally unfamiliar to him. He exhales a relieved sigh and thanks god or whoever for small favors.
The internal debate spirals so intensely inside his head-- how long has been walking now?-- that it takes a particularly icy gust of wind before he lifts his eyes off the pavement and realizes he’s steered himself in the wrong direction entirely. He gazes up at the tall dormitory building in front of him and hums curiously. He draws his lower lip in and chews on it.
The corners of Alfie’s lips turn downward. “You’re not an asshole, Cas. Don’t say that about yourself.”
The exclamation of joy from Alfie (complete with multiple exclamation points) can practically be felt through the computer. And even though he is fully investing in his day of self-indulgent wallowing, he can’t help but feel a little glow coming back to life inside him.
They’d met Cassie, funnily enough, not through an agency or any official channels, but at one of their favorite local cafes. They’d gone there often since they moved into the new neighborhood, because Cas liked their coffee and Ruby their muffins, and Dean would happily tag along anywhere to make those two smile.
What are your hopes for our friends? Are you rooting for Cas and Alfie? Cas and Dean? Let me know in the comments below!
Leaving Alfie in tears, talking to Lisa. Coming home and curling up in his bed. Dean shaking him awake and all those drunken ramblings.
If Dean looks at him like this for the rest of his life, he’d never need the attention of another man. He couldn’t stand it. Dean’s the only one he’s ever wanted like this-- and he’s the only one he’d ever going to.
He backs slowly away from Cas' still outstretched fingers, and then turns and books it up the steps until he hits the landing hard and bolts into his room. The image of the backpack sitting empty, unused under the bed flashes in front of his mind. But he goes into his closet and retrieves only his running shoes. Just a bit of fresh air now. He can come back to other ideas later.
Dean listened. He felt relieved to hear that Castiel wasn't mad- or wasn't too mad, at least. Dean had seen his husband at peak rage more times than he'd like to recount during their time together.... he had no want to see it again, at that particular moment.
"Nevermind," he mutters quickly, tugging down on the sleeve of his plaid over shirt, "Just forget it."
Ruby expelled a loud, delighted cry. Castiel laughed, hugging her tightly. “It’s a little bit of a change from our old dates, but,” he smiled wide looking at Dean, “it sounds nice.”
It’s unlikely, and thinking about it is only adding to the rotting feeling inside of Castiel. Today is freaking rough.
"Alright, time to crack in," Dean announces. He feels suddenly quite chipper, even though Jo keeps side-eyeing him. It feels like he's very carefully extricated himself from what was going to be a precarious situation. What's more, there's even a bit of a thrill, having this secret hidden in plain sight. That is, Cas is sitting
More guilt for Castiel: what a change. He feels awful turning Alfie down, especially after blowing Charlie off earlier. What a crap friend he is.
Wow. Saying the words aloud adds a gravity to them. His fingers itch to glide over his tummy again but he holds back.
Dean peered over at him sideway, his grin growing slowly until he was unabashedly beaming at his boyfriend. Cas kept his eyes trained elsewhere, avoiding Dean's gaze, until he decides to decides to clarify his statement. “That was an attempt to indicate how attractive you are.”
Cas knew now. He knew the truth about Dean, knew that he wasn’t normal, that he wasn’t like everyone else. That he carried a fucking iron rod in his leg in case he had to fight any god damn evil spirits on a Saturday night.
“We... We are?” he asked. Dean noted it was the first time Cas sounded genuinely nervous since he’d woken up. He answered with a single, slightly proud, nod.
He halts mid-step in the hallway. That... certainly wasn't what he expected her to say. "What? How can you tell?"
Meg saunters right up to him, places her fingers on his collar and adjusts it for him. “I just mean now that you and Dean are engaged, is all.”
Alfie's voice draws him out from his stroke of genius, and he raises his head slowly. Alfie is chewing carelessly at his own sandwich, seemingly unperturbed by anything else going on in the world.
He wants that to hurt. He wants to think that being a bad father is the worst insult John Winchester could fathom. But the pain turns back on him when he sees the truth, that John stopped caring about what Dean thought of him a long time ago.
Dean felt a lump forming in this throat. He tried to swallow it down, but it was persistently thick and sticky. “Doesn’t she have-- I don’t know, relatives, or something? Grandparents, aunts, a wealthy eccentric uncle who’s dying for a ward of his own?”
“Well, if you’d take any advice," Dean offers with a raised set of brows, "I’d say don’t listen to her. I just mean, you know her. She's young and... feisty. Always got something to bring you down.”
Dean stood at the bedside dutifully while the doctor went on and on, his hand itching the whole time from wanting to reach out and touch Cas. His hand, his knee, his chest, anything. It felt more paralyzing than he’d imagined: not being able to physically comfort his boyfriend during this difficult time for the both of them.
If he wasn't doing all that stuff with Cas, who would he do it with? He can't think of any one else who seems half as appealing, not Gabe or Cassie or even Sammy--
When Cas comes home about an hour or so later, Dean is sitting at the kitchen counter, working on his math homework. Cas tosses the grocery bag he'd been carrying onto the counter, and when he looks at Dean, his face is beaming.
His confidence is already waning, so it takes Cas a second before he can find the gall to ask, “Do you have any plans tonight?”
Cas shrinks into himself, satisfied by Dean’s words. Anything Dean says to him has ten times the weight of anyone else he knows. Meg can keep her rumors and her filth. He has no need for any of that.
Castiel thought to protest the offer, but in reality it sounded much better than his plan. As he directed Dean towards the final turn onto his street, and the athlete pulled to stop in front of his house, Cas smiled. This had been a uniquely pleasant experience, and he wanted to tell Dean how much he had enjoyed their conversation. He watched as the other boy drummed his fingers along the dashboard for a few seconds, before he began, “Well, Dean, I can’t--”
But luckily-- finally-- he was going to have a night out to himself. Sam had volunteered to watch Ruby for a night so that Dean could take Cas out to dinner, an apology for his behavior. It would be the perfect time to come clean, to end things on terms of mutual respect.
Castiel remained even-toned. “She admitted that to me just now." He paused. "Perhaps it was in confidence. I’m not sure I should have said anything.”
But he’d be heartbroken. There’s so many things he likes about Dean, even loves about him (as terrifying as that is to admit). To think that in return all Dean sees him as is a play thing… The thought makes him gag, literally, and he has to finally free himself from Dean’s grip on his hair and neck.
"Well, yeah, duh." Dean rolls his eyes. He had expected Cas to do something. What with words like boyfriend being thrown around. And also because of who Cas is as a person. And as an alpha.
“Maybe it was presumptuous," shrugged Cas, "but it’s true. That first time I held her in my own hands, I just looked at her and I loved her so damn much.”
Obviously, he wasn’t going to give himself away. The only thing worse than Dean finding him crying like a little baby would be Dean finding him crying like a little baby
Castiel saunters past him toward his bed and flops onto it. He pulls out his computer and plugs in his headphones, immediately placing them into his ears. Dean turns toward him and scrunches his eyebrows, stepping closer to Castiel’s bed.
Cas’ face breaks out into a wider show of satisfaction. Dean is complimenting him. “Thank you. I like your freckles.”
“We’re good,” Cas smiles, “thanks for asking. A little stressed tonight, you know how throwing a party can be.”
He considers following her, but the conversation they've just had leaves him feeling awkward. So he decides instead to head into the kitchen for that drink, and he'll meet up with them later, when Jo's too drunk to remember having brought it up at all.
interrupting anything, but to correct him could give the wrong impression. It's not Dean's business if Castiel is dating, no matter how much that may hurt to hear.
The first guy, the knot head, doesn't move to regain his proximity to Dean, though he does narrow his eyes at the omega. There's want there, desire, a sense of entitlement, which Dean doesn't like at all. But he quickly turns his attention to the man who thwarted his efforts, and whines, “Aw, come on. Why d’you gotta spoil everything, Benny?”
“I know,” he said to Cas once when they were just cuddling on the sofa, having told Lis that he’d be out late with Benny and not to wait up, “that none of this is fair you. I know that… I should be stronger, braver. I should be able to be what you need. What you deserve.”
Cas focuses his eyes on the place where Dean’s fingers are wrapped around his. “I should have told you,” he mutters, sounding a little embarrassed that he’s been so silly, “that I was feeling like this.”
"Okay. Cool," Dean says, and Cas can only release the breath of air he'd been holding in. “Should we go search for our little Meryl Streep?”
A line of kisses continues after the first, circling its way up and down Cas’ middle, from his nipple down to his pubic area. It tickles, but he doesn’t laugh. He can tell that playful isn’t exactly what Dean is going for right now.
But he loses his chance as quickly as it had appeared. Castiel pushes himself up to his feet, wiping a hand over his wrinkled clothing. It's only now that Dean notices the way the air is getting cold as the sun sinks further down toward the horizon.
His mother gave him a look that was normally only deployed when she knew one of her boys was lying, or if she herself was hiding something. Dean regarded her curiously.
It suddenly felt like Dean was anywhere but in the dilapidated kitchen of this rundown shack, felt like they were back in Ash’s basement, or maybe parked in a car by the beach, watching the waves crash in. Dean felt like he could cross the room, close the gap between them and maybe feel the--
As usual, Dean is right. He leads Castiel by the hand toward the bathroom, and as he does the fleeting thought comes to Cas how glad he is that Dean doesn’t have roommates. Today’s display certainly would have been amplified by about one hundred degrees in terms of burning humiliation if anyone else had been privy to it.
“He’s a grade-A twat, is what he is,” Charlie pipes up beside them, still sipping fervently from her red solo cup.
He says the last part with a touch of tenderness and a kiss pressed into Castiel's hair. It's sweet and flattering.
Then Dean wriggles around under the sheet and faces Cas once again. The tips of their noses touch, softly, hovering around on another. Castiel looks rugged and sleepy. Dean likes it. He likes it a lot.
Dean is perched up on his forearm, and the way he's peering down over Cas is just threatening enough that is makes a ball of dangerous arousal sit low in Cas' belly. He ignores it so that he can continue his point; plenty of time for that later on.
So who else could he discuss these feelings with? Dean? Fat chance of that. Their relationship is more tenuous than it’s ever been, and if they have any hope of regaining the equilibrium they’d had before the Couch Incident, Castiel is going to have to walk on egg shells for the next decade, minimum.
Even though he hated the military for driving a metal spike through their relationship, Castiel stayed true. While Dean was away in Texas, he wrote letters almost every day and waited impatiently for phone calls. The few times he got to hear Dean's voice on the other end of a crackly phone call, it was like he felt a surge of love greater than any he'd ever known. And when Dean recounted all the things he'd done- pranks they'd pulled, weapons he's fired, early-morning physical training sessions- Castiel loved listening to the shine of pride in his voice.
, he turns to Dean with the widest smile he can possibly manage and finds that Dean is looking at much with much the same expression. Without knowing what he’s doing, he reaches over and gives Dean a high-five.
Dean shrugs. “Sure. I miss her being little. I miss her little face and her little fingers, and when she used to babble nonsense all day long.”
He was glad-- and a bit relieved-- when Castiel had agreed to get dinner with him. He’d even let Castiel pick him up; which was something he never did, but he Dean took him out to an asian restaurant that they’d enjoyed a few times before, and the evening went honestly perfect. He could see in Castiel’s relaxed posture that the other man wasn’t holding any grudges. When Dean reached out his hand across the table, Castiel let him have his own.
He wants to enjoy this. He wants to feel that burning, aching desire that he normally gets when Dean’s thrusting carelessly into his face. He knows his missed this while Dean was away. He
Ruby didn’t respond for a few seconds, her eyes still stuck on where the tiny little baby lay in front of her. And then, without warning, her head popped right up and she loudly declared, “Nope! He’s my brother, and I’m the big sister.”
The thought comes at him again, like a double take. As a sixteen year old kid, he felt more safe at a random older dude's house than his own home, with his own family. It make his stomach sink to realize that all over again.
“So, tell me, Cas,” Balth starts, lips smacking with the remnants of his first sip of wine, “how are things going?”
He smiles, but he can't quite make it stick. There's a dread sitting low in his stomach suddenly. Like maybe that wasn't a good idea. Maybe it was too much or he wasn't ready or maybe Cas thinks of him differently now. That was so not like Dean- at least, not like Dean now. It was so unlike Cas, come to think of it.
"Nope." Dean bolts to his feet like a shock runs through him. He keeps his eyes purposely from falling onto Cas. "Nope. Don't wanna hear it. I'm gonna go now."
And he's got Jo and Ash, who he pretends to be constantly annoyed by, but who are actually the only thing that make this weird little coastal suburb livable. They feel like
to these two, but the girl interrupts by looping an arm through his and yelling loudly, "Come on, Ash, we're escorting this sweet young thing to his next class."
Dean’s eyes fell to the phone in his hands and surveyed his new contact info. “Castiel,” he read aloud.
He mopes all the way down the stairs; and he’s on the first floor, just about to leave, when he sticks his hand into his pocket and remembers: the bracelet. He should give it back to Lisa before he forgets. He doesn’t know her room number, but he could always ask at the front desk…
Pamela shrugs, as if it's the easiest thing in the world. "Life's messy, you know? There's no guarantees. Maybe that sound trite, but... it's the truth. You can go into a decision with all your corners neatly tucked and your plans all made, and it'll still go to shit. And sometimes things happen by fucking chance and it turns out to be all roses and sunshine."
“Alright,” he relents after a moment’s thought, his voice timid and shy as he does, “If you say so.”
Dean flinches. He knows what she's going to say. She must smell it on him, the same way everyone does. Especially today with all his nerves, God he always feels like such an omega when he's even a little bit sensitive.
It’s not even a particularly stirring evening, which highlights exactly how lame it is that he had been so excited for it.
“… Amy, but we’ve got to be heading out now. I’ll just keep one of these,” he darted forward and grabbed a pamphlet off of the table. “Hey, you don’t happen to know where the LGBT group on campus would be? Y’know, the gay one?”
Castiel sits up then and brings himself to the edge of his mattress. He smooths a hand over his wild bedhead-- does it look as ridiculous as he feels? He puffs a quick breath of air into his palm and sniffs; not bad, but he should have given his own teeth a brush before he said anything to Dean…
Cas sighs to himself. This is how it’s been for the past week. On the surface, it doesn’t seem weird. In fact, Castiel isn’t even sure if Dean is acting any different than his usual aloof self.
The sound jerks out of the trance he’d been in and he looks over at the clock on the microwave. “Oh,” he mutters to himself. He’d totally lost track of time. “Hannah, your dad’s here! Is your bag packed and ready?”
He thoroughly enjoyed watching the way Castiel's eyes twinkled as the words left his lips. Dean ducked underneath Castiel’s arm and swooped into the room, scooping Ruby up into the air. “Well if it isn’t the best big sister in the world.”
And that... that pisses Castiel off. No matter if it's true, to some degree. The fact that Dean thinks he has that kind of power over people-- over Castiel specifically-- well that's just fucking rude. A kind of nerve he's never had before rises in him, and he finds the strength to wrench himself away from the enticing warmth of Dean's body.
Castiel kept his eyes fixed on the tacky rug beneath his feet. Cassie rubbed her hand gently along his forearm, a direct contrast to the sourness of her words.
Dean is barely seventeen. He's just a kid. Last year he was a football star in Lawrence, Kansas, and now he's got this life of independence in California. With Castiel. And Gabe, sort of. He could never have imagined that he'd be where he is right now. Who's to say what the next year will bring? And the year after?
He doubted himself as a father. Sometimes he felt like he was doing an amazing job, and others it just seemed like his best efforts weren't enough. He needed Dean there to reassure him, to tell him that he was doing just fine. That there feelings were normal.
It was just left hanging there, festering, so that when Castiel did finally see her at Christmas, things were stilted. He didn’t want that. There were enough complications present in his life without a sibling dispute. Not to mention that if he and Anna weren't on speaking terms, then he was left with just Gabriel, and.... well, it was just better for everyone if they made up.
Something funny flicks inside Castiel’s chest. He thinks his heart has literally skipped a beat. “Okay, Dean,” he says, unable to hide a smile of his own.
"Thank you for coming with me," he says to Castiel, as the alpha steers down Lawrence's small, friendly neighborhood streets. "I really couldn't have handled this without you. At all."
Then one day, it isn't a "little" anything at all. It smacks him in the face as if from nowhere, right in the middle of school. He can feel it physically, in his nose, a spike of something strong, something masculine. It hits him out of nowhere and suddenly he's torn between wanting to hide somewhere safe and- oh god help him- needing to hide a tent in his pants.
Cas looks to Dean and shrugs. Dean aims to copy his apathy, but he’s not sure he manages the feat. He knows for a fact that Gabe can't smell anything at all, but he only keeps his mouth shut for Cas' sake.
The loss of Dean's heat against him makes Cas feel shriveled up and dejected, even though it's what he'd just asked for. He lies there, alone, staring up at the ceiling, unable to believe what he's just done.
“Sometimes,” he answers with a flirty air, smiling down toward the end of his bed, where Dean is putting on his shirt. “Why do you ask?”
Because the instant Cas turned to him, that sweet, carefree happiness on his face, there was no way he could say no.
, he thinks to himself. Well, technically Missouri, but still he's only an hour car ride away from home. It's... bizarre being back here. When he left, he hadn't made a plan for coming back any time soon. He doesn't feel ready for it now. Especially not when you factor in the idea of seeing his dad.... and his dad seeing Cas.
But he doesn’t. He stays still, regulates his breathing, anxious to listen to where Dean is going with this.
Castiel is watching him with lips pursed, like he's thinking about pressing the issue. If he does, Dean is sure he's going to scream.
“Mrs. Milton, I think you’re right,” he says, never looking away from Cas, “it’s a very important decision. And while I feel quite confident that I want to marry Castiel here,” Cas giggles at the flattery, “I’d like to make sure he’s certain he wants to marry me.”
Their feet stay locked in place on the path, the water bubbling on beside them, the leaves falling all around them. Absently, cas is aware of the twilight sky settling in around them. Best to be heading back before Father and Mother start to worry.
He knows what she's going to say next, and yet it still feels like a stabbing pain when she asks, "...do you want to be with him?"
The park was enough of a distance that he could have taken his car, but he opted to walk instead. The fresh air did him good, since he'd been in the house since he got off work earlier, and concentrating on the movement let him do something other than fret over Castiel's wellbeing for the duration of the trip. He did try to think to himself if Castiel's mood could be related to him in anyway- something he did wrong, or didn't do at all- but nothing came to mind.
Cas turned and laughed loudly again, wriggling his way effortlessly out of Dean’s grasp. “You’ll be lucky if I make it to tonight.”
Dean smiles. He feels good about the future. He doesn’t know the last time that was true. It certainly wasn’t the last time he was in Lawrence, Kansas. But it has been a long, long year since then.
"Well, then I see no reason for jealousy. She garnered no interest from you. Whereas I am your boyfriend, and you engage in flirtation with me quite often." There was the slightest hint of pride in his last phrase, but for the most part he delivered his speech with a clinical lack of emotion. "I’m unconcerned about the imaginations of random girls.”
Dean opens his mouth but no sound comes out. A cold chill passes through Castiel, and he knows that need Dean doesn’t need to speak. Cas knows exactly what is happening here without it having to be laid it all out for him.
Sam rounded the corner with the carseat in hand and a signature sourpuss look on his face. “Seriously, Dean. Language.”
He opens the fridge and reflects. What does he know how to make right now? He gives himself sixty seconds to think of anything.
Benny's been on him a lot lately, asking for questions. Who is this alpha? Does he treat Dean well? Why is his smell almost... papery?
Dean’s green eyes squint shrewdly, eyebrows furrowed, and his grip on Castiel’s hand tightens. “Why would you ask that?”
Dean stepped toward him and laughed nervously. “It doesn’t look like you’re fine. What happened? You can tell me, Cas.”
“Yeah,” Sam shrugged his loose commitment and leaned over Ruby to peer at her more closely. “The nose.”
Every day it got harder and harder to be away from Dean. His life was ticking by totally normal, except with the gaping Dean-sized hole that nothing else could fill. He was forced to go through big days- Christmas, prom, graduation, birthdays- having Dean by his side for none of them.
Dean stands in front of him, gazing at Cas with his lips parted just so. He appears to be unsure of whether or not he’s allowed to speak now, but after a few seconds he gives up and says, “Cas--”
Cas isn't moving either. Maybe he's frozen, too. Dean can't be sure. They're still locked in on each other's eyes, and he doesn't know what's happening, but he doesn't dislike it.
The thought still sits warmly in his chest when Dean bursts back into view. “Hey, sweetheart, I don’t think Daddy… I mean,” he turns to Castiel, “don’t worry about it, I’m gonna do it here with Sam--”
So it was surprising the day that Dean came home to find the house seemingly empty, in something of a disarray. He could hear crying in the distance. He approached the kitchen slowly, like a scene from a war movie. Loud, painful sobs rose from around the corner.
He wants to go home; to retreat into his cave and soothe himself with all his typical self-care remedies. But he doesn't. Instead, he plasters on a thin mask of happiness and plods back to his table. Back to Alfie. He'd made a promise after all, and he can't let two hearts get broken in the same day. Not again.
That made Castiel roll his eyes in Charlie's direction. "Dean labors under the delusion that I require constant companionship."
But then, when the doctor told him that Castiel was going to be just fine-- in fact, would only have to stay a single day at the hospital for observation-- well, that's when Dean sat back and began to see the situation for what it was.
He looks over at Dean, indicating that the apology is for him as well. Cas gets the idea that they’ve already talked this over in private. Dean claps a hand onto his friend’s shoulder and nods.
But when she confessed to them, with no degree of shame, that her plan was to put the baby up for adoption, they’d decided to share their hopes with her in the chance of putting their name into the ring. Before they even had time to talk themselves down, to try and convince themselves to stay calm, she said that they were the exact kind of family she was hoping for.
“I… I think I understand, Castiel,” Alfie tells him sadly, sniffling at the end of it like the cruelest punctuation.
He couldn’t look Cas in the eye. He focused his attention instead on the floor, specifically on the spot of carpet where it seemed Roman’s spit-up hadn’t quite been washed out. Still, he could feel Cas’ gaze burning into him, urging him on.
Cas snorts to himself, unable to hold it back. He likes the way he feels right now. He likes Dean’s kisses on his bare skin and being able to laugh in bed together.
He was so close to letting go, to letting himself sink his teeth in like he wanted and just taking Castiel all for himself-- but he stopped himself. How the fuck he did it he had no idea, but just as he was about to pop his knot and go full-on fucking wild, he pulled his head up and shifted to Cas' mouth, to lock him in a heated embrace there instead of tearing into the muscles of his exposed neck like he wanted so badly to do.
The heat between them has cut off at a staggering rate, but the air is still thick. Tension. Dean continues to stare at him, and Cas can feel his stomach in his throat. Finally, Dean leans forward as if to go in for another kiss, but instead he says, “The only reason you got a boyfriend was because I told you to.”
"Huh," he breathes, more a reflex than and actual commentary. He raises his hand and knocks on the door quickly, with force, not looking actually looking at the house. He stares down at his shoes and counts the milliseconds until Castiel's enter his field of vision.
“Goodnight, Dean,” whispers Cas, pressing a kiss onto Dean's forehead. His heart putters happily inside his chest. His eyes slowly drift close, but the smile on his lips stays put even as he sinks into a peaceful sleep.
Dean kisses the fourth finger of his hand one more time and then lets it drop. He lies his head back on the pillow and lets his eyes flicker shut. He’s content, more than Castiel has seen him in a very long time.
But before Ruby could get her hands on him, Roman started to fuss and whine, and Cas decided to take him into the kitchen and try to feed him a bottle.
He can’t help himself. He tugs the blankets up again and mutters, with a cautious smile, “If you brush your teeth a few more times, I’ll let you kiss me.”
“Hey, hey,” soothes Dean, reaching a hand out to his boyfriend, “What do you have to be sorry about? I’m the idiot who came home from a week away and immediately shoved my cock down your throat.”
Which of course in her minds means that the muffin is already good and hers, so the whole while she climbs into the car and buckles herself into her seat, she’s singing a little song to celebrate her victory. It’s funny, how kids always seems to think they’ve got the upper hand on their parents. Castiel chuckles and pulls out of the school parking lot.
They waited a good few minutes- Cas letting Dean properly apologize, this time no words required, thank God- before they opened the door to the hallway again. Cas turned his head away, and allowed Dean to nuzzle his nose against the skin of his cheek. “I suppose we should be looking after those children we adore so much, hm?”
He returns to the task at hand, buries himself into lugging boxes up from the car and organizing as much as he can. He’s very pleased with how quickly things are coming along. Gabe had laughed snarkily and told him he was an idiot to try doing it without professional movers, even if it was just across town. And just look at him now.
He thinks about mentioning to Cas what Benny said, how he'd smelled mated. But, it's late, and that'd probably be a whole conversation that he doesn't even know how to have. And doesn't want to. Probably.
Dean stumbles through an excuse. “No one, it was no one.” A single raised eyebrow from Sam had him amending his answer to, “It’s this guy… that I’ve been seeing.”
Hi hi hi! Sorry for the looooong delay. I've had some big changes in my life recently (wish me luck!) and haven't had a ton of time for writing. I've lost my motivation with this one a little bit, since in my head I finished it a long time ago and have since started on some other threads I'd like to spin. I'm not in love with how this chapter turned out, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on how it goes and what you think should happen next.
Dean’s smile has turned just a little awkward, and Cas shrinks a bit. He’s gotten lost in his own thought; of course, he’s always doing that. He moves to the side of the door frame and gestures for Dean to enter.
He’s still young. Not even thirty years old. He has time to meet someone and fall in love, get married and
“You could let me know, ya know? I thought maybe you were dead,” Dean grumbles out.  Castiel is about to ask why he would even care, when he offers up the explanation himself. “Didn’t want to deal with the hassle of being the guy with the dead roommate.”
“Don’t break something thinking too hard,” Gabe scoffs dismissively, turning and leaving the room before Dean can think of a snappy comeback. He throws up the bird and grunts aggressively, though it doesn’t do much to relieve his anger.
He sets about clearing the room first: putting away all his clothes and throwing away any stray trash. He takes a Lysol wipe to any surface that can handle it, and a paper towel to the ones that can’t. He makes his bed, goes through old notebooks and flyers for campus events, until not a single unnecessary object clutters his side of the room.
reading. Every night in bed he has a new thick volume opened up in front of him, and Dean can smell the old book scent even from across the room.
But knew Cas, and he knew that wasn't what he needed. So he bit down on his weird mother hen instinct (which he didn't even know where it came from) and waited for Cas to speak.
The football player just pouts, not moving an inch. “Aw, no. Means you missed my big field goal. Won us the game.”
Truth be told, Dean sleeps much more comfortably that night than he had the one before. The backseat is worn and comfy, his body sinking in the leather with just a little bit of give. And his nose is once again filled with that scent, the one that rubs a hand down his band, whispers in his ear, strokes his gently to sleep. He curls his body around it and nuzzles into its cloud.
He stands to his feet and goes out into the hallway, headed down towards the bathroom (one of the bathrooms, because
Dean happily obliges, walking back over towards the table with a new confidant swagger in his step. He leans down and kisses Castiel on the lips, taking his time to wrap his fingers around Cas' jaw and let his lips meet Castiel's with a relaxed ease. When he pulls back at last, he presses another kiss onto Castiel's nose and then turns  back the the stove. Castiel watches his boyfriend go about his task, and he feels a lump of an emotion far more appealing swelling in his chest.
He can’t pretend the question doesn’t shock him. His eyes flick to the mirror once more, brows pressed together. She, however, looks only vaguely interested in his answer.
and pretending to be deeply analyzing something. After enough of that routine, he catches Jo in his peripheral vision as she shrugs and picks up her pencil and goes back to her work.
With those words, Castiel knows that his decision is the right one. He can rest easy, now. “I knew you would,” he says, lips curling into a smirk.
Dean went stiff in his arms, which was difficult to do since he was so damn happy with his omega underneath him, lavishing his skin with all kinds of affection. “Uh, Cas?” he started, awkwardly.
Plus, it has been a good long time since he’s been drunk, especially with Cas being such a stickler for the whole “legal drinking age” thing.
No, that’s wrong. It’s not just one thing-- there’s so many little things that create one big something, and Castiel enjoys being around him, plain and simple. He glows when he’s in Dean’s presence. These past two days have felt just like the tiniest slice of heaven, and he doesn’t want to let that go.
Dean rolls over onto his side and stares up at the ceiling. He’d kill to get some sleep. Even without the freaking bad dreams, his whole sleep cycle has been fucked ever since they left Lawrence. At first he was blaming it on the time difference, but with all this time passed, he thinks that excuse smells a little like bullshit now.
Castiel looks up at her as to beg her not to say his name aloud, not that it makes any difference. The pain is there, whether or not he has to go through the actual act of listening to that one syllable which has a lot more power than he’d life.
Leaves crunched loudly underfoot and it caught Dean’s attention. He looked up once more at Castiel, who was now several steps closer to him. His eyes were still wide, but they were… different, now. It wasn’t like fear. It was like wonder.
In the next room, the shower turns on, the rushing water just barely masking the sound of a strangled moan.
Castiel agrees and follows her through the crowd of disguised humans in the living room, out onto the balcony. On the way, they're stopped by Benny and his girlfriend Andrea, who hand each of them a shot glass filled with clear liquid and demand that they 'throw 'em back', as Benny says. Cas, never one to fight a good bargain, obeys, with Charlie follows behind him by just seconds. They both let out a cry of disgust when the distinct flavor of pumpkin hits their tongues, and then, with their guests pleased, continue on their path outside.
Maybe he oughta get out of here. Grab his bag and go, out the door, right now, before he has time to think too hard about it. Because he could do it, pretty easily- it’s not like he’s got much stuff, or anything to tie him to this place.
“Not unless it’s Frosted Cocoa Pops, right?” He sinks down onto her knees and offers a hand, which Hannah readily slaps with an enthusiastic high five. He rises back up with a crooked smile and looks to Cas, who is trying his hardest not to grimace.
It had been weeks since he’d gotten a chance to touch Castiel in anything close to the way he wanted. Which was fine, or at least, it was expected, with a new baby in the house and all. That didn’t mean
Cas looked up at him, his head tilted in that way that was so cute, it made Dean want to bury his nose in Cas’ neck and never come up for air. He wanted his pups to have that head tilt. He wanted his pups to be all Cas, just little miniatures of him running around who called Dean "daddy" and snuggled up in his arms.
. Dean knew that this situation was to be handled delicately. Best not to tamper with anything. Just let Cas go off on his own and make a friend. God, Dean hoped this Charlie was good enough to be trusted with Castiel.
And that was it, that was how Castiel had got himself here: crouched behind a bush in the parking lot next to the highway. How he’d become the biggest, lovesick idiot in the school. It was just… it was all so easy to believe.
. This time, he didn’t seem to have a problem. “Pizza sounds great. I am not stepping foot in that kitchen.”
Something strange happens to Dean then. He looks momentarily like he’d been shocked, physically shocked. It’s gone as fast as it had come and then he says, “No, nothing. Probably just gonna go home and watch Netflix or something.”
pretty different, Dean can say after his first few weeks there. The weather, at least, is a complete one-eighty from temperate Kansas springtime. And the views- holy crap, Dean can hardly believe it’s real when he looks out his bedroom window every morning.
He darts his eyes between Cas, Daphne, and the surprisingly intimidating red-headed woman between them. He feels himself moving away, wanting to put as much space between them as he can. "I don't want to be a part of this family."
He was wandering aimlessly, trying to scan the aisles to see if there was any sort of LGBTQ group on campus, when another booth caught his eye and he found himself strolling towards it.
Castiel does him the solid of staying quite for the duration of the drive there. Dean focuses his attention on the sun rising over the houses along the way, and the weight of his bag on his lap.
He stands up and go to the fridge, peering inside. Hmm. Maybe he should learn how to do some of that stuff. For himself, not for anyone else. It would be nice to be more independent. Not to have to depend on anyone to do his laundry for him or make his food. Like, it
It sounds like a line, so Dean rolls his eyes, even though he’s pretty sure the guy is being sincere. The truth is he doesn’t seem like other alphas; here he is essentially proposing a meting with Dean in some weird roundabout kind of way- and yet the whole time he’s kept a respectful distance and his hands to himself. He hasn’t once bared his teeth or snarled, or tried to scent Dean without asking. Hell, all he wanted to do was buy Dean pie, which he could definitely get on board with.
A wet, snotty laugh comes from Castiel as he reaches up to wipe his nose. It's hollow, but restorative. “No, you were trying to be spontaneous and fun… and I ruined it. I’m sorry, Dean, you don’t deserve that--”
“Oh. My God. I can’t believe you kept this from me!” Her voice sounds like there are a hundred exclamation marks at the end of that thought. “I mean this is…. I cannot believe that Dean… and even before Alfie!” She pauses for breath. “This is wild.”
She picked him up, and Dean tried his hardest to be cool with that. Especially since she has a car and he doesn’t and he can’t drive anyway, so it wouldn’t make any sense for him to pick her up anyway. But he would’ve liked it, you know, if he could be the guy. Do it all, like, old-fashioned. She did let him open the car door for her, though, which made him feel pretty good.
Dean wonders to himself if the guy is still smelling him. The idea vaguely creeps him out. He wishes he could understand the whole thing a little more. His own sense of smell hasn’t even started to develop yet.
Another smack, a tiny gasp from Castiel. The lightness in his own voice flickers, but the pleasant heat on his neck returns quickly. “Yes, Dean. I didn’t even…”
And now here’s this shiny new baby and Cas gets to hug and squeeze and know that he’ll always be able to call Roman his, right from the very first minute. It wouldn’t be totally insane to start playing favorites.
There was nothing that had ever turned Dean on the way it did when the omega underneath him moaned him name and begged him please. Jesus, he’d never even thought of himself as the dominant type. It wasn’t like he was any stranger to dirty talk, but with Lisa it was never like this. Fuck, it had never been like this.
In any case, the meetings slides by without much cause for worry from Cas. He pitches his idea for a new article about changes in the local education system, and receives no outright negativity from Zach. His fellow contributors react with mostly bored indifference.
Cas rolls his eyes in response to the half-joke. Dean seems to insist on putting on this tough guy act to deflect from his emotions, despite the fact that Castiel can see right through it.
“There’s one thing I need you to know, Dean," Castiel said, much more gently that he had been speaking." It- it disturbs me that you might think any differently. If you think that Ruby hasn’t been my daughter since the very first second I laid eyes on her…” Cas’ voice is imperceptibly soft. “You’re
“I-- I don’t really remember a lot of it. You know?” Dean scratches at the hair on the back of his neck. Cas’ fingers curl into fists. It sounds like Dean's trying to make excuses, getting ready to shrug this whole thing off.
Gabriel rolls his eyes like this conversation- all two seconds of it- is already taking a toll on his energy supply. Dean tries not to be distracted by the Hawaiian style shirt he’s wearing, though it’s such an assault to the senses that it feels like a useless fight. “No, you dolphin-brained pretty boy. I mean what are you
The urge to run is strong. Over his shoulder, he can see Castiel walking up the stone pathway, carefully pacing his steps.
He turns away and searches for his margarita glass. He gulps down a big sip and then returns to the discs.
Castiel begrudgingly allows himself to be pulled up. His mother steps behind him and places one hand on each shoulder, steering him out to the hallway and then in the direction of the living room. “Now then,” she leans in to whisper into one of his ears, “let’s try not to be too rude to this one, hm?”
Cas tilts his head toward a sign that says Rental Cars in bold white lettering. Dean nods and readjusts the bag over his shoulder, then plunders on behind the alpha.
"Alright, alright- just curious, is all. Anyways, you're probably not here for a reunion special. What do y'all want to drink?"
He looks up, expecting Hannah to be running toward him with another sugary request he’ll have to turn down. But instead, he sees that she’s running away from him. His head quirks to the side as he follows her with his eyes, until they find not only his daughter, but another similar form as well.
It feels like a risk to say it. Castiel doesn’t actually know any of the details about what occurred on Friday night: all he has is a retelling from Charlie, and Dean’s own vague admittances.
Dean’s hands loosen minutely and his face move in closer to Castiel’s. Something like understanding comes over his face. “I know that,” he whispers solemnly, “I know you’re a good boy.”
The air in the room has grown thick, even Cas’ breathing feels too loud. He hates himself. Hates himself for making Alfie feel this way, and especially for that stupid kiss last night. He knows firsthand that playing with feelings is a dangerous game, that people can really get hurt that way.
“Alright, well, let’s not waste any more time on the formalities. Mr. Winchester, what do you plan to offer for my hand in marriage?”
Cas slings his bag over his shoulder and marches out of the office, towards his car, and the whole time he has the sensation of eyes following him.
Dean sat up and spread his fingers over the worn fabric of his jeans and sighed. “Well, that’s because his parents don’t look like us.” Then he furrowed his brows and added, “I mean, we’re his parents, now. Daddy and me. We’re his dads, but his birth mom, she was… she...”
“No, feel free to join us,” he offers, and when Dean still looks unsure, he adds, “I insist. I need to do some espionage into what poison you’re feeding our daughter.”
The houses are immense, and beautiful, and the way the light from the setting sun frames their perfectly-trimmed gardens, it's like something out of a another world. Dean has been wearing the same clothes for two days, barely had a shower. The
He watches them from a few steps behind, mostly, up and down each of the aisles. It’s not often that he gets to see them interacting together, at least not for long periods. Dean is great with her. They seem to have a nice relationship between them, a very silly one.
Dean had reached out a hand and raised his eyebrows, which Castiel had realized after a moment of slow processing was meant to ask,
Finally, Dean stops. He leans back a bit and stares upward, silently. Castiel can see the whites of his eyes shining in the pitch black of their room. “You’re kidding, right?” he asks with a deep laugh. Castiel doesn’t know if the question is rhetorical; but even if it isn't, he's lost his courage to speak.
Cas approached slowly, with caution, the whites of his eyes shining in the moonlight. Dean watched it all like watching a movie, only the vaguest awareness that it was all happening to him. The way he leaned his head up was ever so slight, that it made Dean want to stay incredibly still just to make him keep leaning.
Two days ago he couldn't have felt more ready, more bursting to strike out n his own and put as many miles as he could between himself and the place he had always called home. But now that's he's here, that's he's crossed the border and he can almost smell the ocean air, Dean is filled with ten different kinds of doubts.
"What are you doing here?" he addresses the question to Hannah, but still his voice shakes a little.
Balth blinks a few times, his hand hovering over the tapas he’d been just about to grab. His face is expressionless, seemingly totally lost to what Castiel is saying, until after a few long seconds he relaxes, dramatically exclaiming. “Oh yes! Of course. Silly me, getting all carried away like that. You’ll have to stop your eyes from sparkling like that, I’ll keep getting distracted.”
Ali approaches Castiel with that troll-like gait of his, his mouth parted into an angry grimace. “Who the fuck are you to talk to me like that?” He narrows his eyes and moves them over Cas’ frame. “You think just cus your Winchester’s butt boy now you can get away with that shit?”
“Yes!” Ruby bounded over toward the mattress and happily climbed up to take Dean’s spot. She scooted herself up next to the sleeping baby and pressed her lips gently to his pudgy cheek.
He must really be exhausted because something is his head is acting up right now. It's like... like he’s completely out of control. He’s got all these feelings, and he doesn’t know what they are, but they’re coming fast and loose, and it makes Dean want to plant his feet right there and keep sniffing Cas’ stupid sweater.
“I’m twenty-three years old, sir,” answers Dean with the utmost respect. He jerks his eyes in Castiel’s direction, his shoulders hunched.
But it’s too late. The other boy has pulled up his pants and run off through the other side of the barn. Cas winces, unable to believe his own thoughtlessness. Across the barn, Meg chuckles low and hops off the bale of hay, adjusts her skirt and approaches the young would-be hero.
She probably thinks he’s talking about his current physical state, instead of his emotional one, so she just lets the two of them go on their way. “It’s just a quick walk back to my dorm,” Alfie assures him, never letting Cas slip out of his grip.
The omega nods. His hands are hanging uselessly at his sides. "I think I want to go home," he says, not sure who he's telling.
As he approaches Dean, though, he sees the light-hearted grin on his boyfriend’s face turn hard. He looks serious, and Cas nearly trips over himself at the suddenness of the change. Then Dean grabs him by the hand and yanks him in, and the next thing Castiel knows he’s received a firm smack on the ass.
She didn’t bother to gesture to the rusted metal chair across from her. Dean look at it dubiously, and then lowered himself lowly into a seated position. The chair whined beneath him.
And he looks awful cozy tucked into the corner there. Like he's in his natural habitat: a big chair with a bookcase overflowing with volumes behind him. It does something to Dean's stomach that he ignores.
In the midst of this incredibly normal activity, Cas is struck with another prickly sensation. It's just... so domestic, the whole thing. He should be more uncomfortable, he thinks. This shouldn't be so easy.
He kept his eyes on the baby when he spoke softly. “I kind of can’t believe it when I look at him... I never thought I could love something so much.”
He doesn’t want to be stuck in some weird thing with Dean for the next twenty years. And even though it makes him feel rather sick to envision them leading totally separate lives, he knows that in the end that’s the best possible outcome.
“That’s my girl,” Dean encourages her from beside her. A light laughter breaks over the table. Even Anna chuckles to herself.
“With pepperoni,” Castiel added, looking at Ruby with no hint of humor on his face. Dean had to hold back a snicker.
Then he turned his gaze to his husband. He watched Castiel from across the room with curious eyes, saw the exhausted way he rested his head against the back of the rocking chair. A tinge of sympathy panged inside him.
He arrives at Dean’s building five minutes before schedule- which to him still feels late, but. Oh, well.
“This isn’t weird,” Castiel insists as he reaches for the remote and switches the channel on the television. “I was just--”
His father clears his throat again. Castiel blushes on command, coy as ever, and begins to raise his gaze-- when suddenly he stops short and a very sharp gasp escapes him.
He also wants Dean to stay, wants him to barge in and grab Cas and whisper in his ear that he’s loved and precious. He was both of these at the same time, and he also fears them, and it makes Cas feel like being alive is too much to handle.
It’s been like this for days. Morning after morning, and he can’t find the motivation to do anything as much as go for a walk. It’s
At that, Dean rolls his eyes a bit. “It’s alright. I like working with the cars, and I’m glad I still get to use my hands, but… it’s not as exciting.”
Cas squeezes his eyelids shut and forces the tears to stay in, steeling himself to recommit to this blowjob. He needs to make this good for Dean; needs to give him a reason to hold onto Castiel. If he can just get Dean to come, they can get to the cuddling and kissing and everything will be fine. Dean never needs to know.
He fumbled to unbuckle her from the seat and take hold of her in his arms. He held her in one arm, like she was a bag of groceries. Was that how he was supposed to do it? Or, maybe it was more like when your arm was in a sling. Yeah, that one felt right. He cradled her against his chest and supported her with both arms. Still, she continued to whine.
He finds Dean’s name on the list of residents and presses the button beside it. While he waits, his eyes glide over to the mailboxes that line the same wall. He finds Dean’s name there as well,
“Yeah,” Dean licks his lips, looking right at Castiel, which isn’t fair, “Lisa’s here and we’re kinda talking and it’s going well so I think I’m gonna take her back to ours when my shift’s over… if you catch my drift.”
God what he wouldn't give to just lock himself in here for the next week. To not have to look and Castiel and feel like the pathetic loser he does right now.
Dean certainly has some ideas of what he'd give Luc if he had the chance. But, Cas looks okay, and Dean doesn't want to upset him. Well, he looks okay, except for the cold.
Dean closes his eyes. He can't bear to look at Jo. He hears her sniffing, the excited squeak of her chair as she turns all around.
Castiel respects that. He aims to mimic it. It's difficult, and he stutters over the words a few times, but he finally manages to look her in the eye and say, “I’m pregnant.”
Cas is flustered. "I mean, what is happy even? That word is so subjective." He scoffs, and then looks into the camera , and remembers himself. He smoothes his shirt down and states calmly, "I think I'm doing pretty okay. I mean, I'm engaged, I have my own place. Next year I can trade my lease in for a Prius."
Castiel Novak. He was definitely the prettiest person Dean had ever seen. When he’d first found himself falling in with Jo and her friend group, Dean had felt weird about thinking those things about a boy. Now, though, it had been almost three months since he’d seen his dad, and no one around here seemed to say things like “faggot” or “pretty boy” to anyone else. So it felt safe.
"Aw, c'mon," she whines, with a sense of familiarity to it as if they've known each other for years. Like she were his cousin asking to borrow a toy. "I'm from Pocatello, Idaho. Moved out here when my mom's new dude got a new job."
The acid is Dean's stomach starts crawling up into his throat. He leans against the hood and sighs. "Sam said my dad busted out of the hospital this morning. Doctors wanted him to stay another day or two but he wouldn't do it. Stubborn bastard."
It hurts a lot worse than Castiel had thought it might. He thinks that right now, he couldn’t feel lower even if he tried. If the floor opened up and swallowed him whole, he might not even notice.
Here and now, one week after April Fool’s Day, Castiel is, as usual, not going to listen to Dean’s bullshit. “Dean, if you’re going, then I have to go. I... I
“Cas?” a voice asked in a normal tone from the other side of his hiding spot. “Castiel, are you out here?”
"Yes," is his terse answer. He goes to try and step around her, but unluckily for him, Cas manages to catch up to him just at that very moment.
In the reaches of Dean's conscious mind floats the possibility that this is just the worse prank phone call in the history of the world. That some fuckhead from Lawrence somehow pressured Charlie into giving over her phone because they had a hankering to pester the uppity omega bitch who left town.
“I did, too,” Cas agreed, and Dean could hear the half-smile in his voice. Picturing it made him hurt inside. “But I understand. We’ll see each other when you get back.”
"Castiel," Anna says, voice low and soothing. Like a brain-washing video. "Let him go. We should sort this out between adults."
Castiel rushes toward Dean with arms outstretched, but draws back as he nears. He pulls his arms into himself but approaches Dean with concern. "Dean. What's wrong?"
He remembers feeling this way before. When he was a teenager, when everything was still new and anxious and his future unsure.
He takes a step forward toward the desk. His voice breaks and he points a finger at himself. What the hell is going on?
He places the keys in the ignition and starts the car. Nevermind any of that now. First things first, he's got a Thanksgiving dinner to plan. And he is not looking forward to Gabriel's reaction when he tells him about the change in the guest list.
It's surprising how fast the words flow after that. One over the other, they're spilling out, like they'd been piled up behind a door and now had their outlet into the world. He's not even reading what he's writing, barely aware of the words as the pen scratches them out.
But for now he tucks his head in to Dean's neck, ready to fall asleep, and makes one more promise. "For good," he says, pressing his lips against his lover's chest, and closing his eyes so that he can drift off, right there where he should be.
"I'll be on the main campus," said Castiel, neatly filling his own bag with the day's supplies, "You can join me for lunch if you like. I'll be eating with Charlie."
“What do you say we park her over by the school and give her a good old-fashioned christening, huh?”
Cas rips the hands away from his face, too excited to have Dean back again. He stands to his feet and rushes to Dean. He wants to hug him and kiss him and bury his face into his neck to steady himself. When did he become so codependent? Screw it, doesn’t matter, he’s too happy to have his boyfriend back.
The way Balthazar looks at him just as he turns to make his exit… he likes that. There’s something in his eyes that hit at a new level of respect for Cas; a new degree of intimacy, of friendship beyond an employer-employee relationship.
Cas squirms. Honestly, he’s really liking the feeling of being pinned down by Dean’s toned arms, but that’s something he’ll have to revisit later.
Charlie says something funny, and he laughs like he’s been listening all along. He slips his fingers in between Alfie’s and, finding that he likes the way he’s being smiled up at, he relaxes back against the wall.
His hands go to play with the fabric of his t-shirt, when an idea comes to him that seems much more… palatable.
There’s no reason for him to feel awkward in Dean’s presence. He really should take Hannah’s advice, try to be friends with Dean. It could make things better for all of them.
He focuses on his breathing and it helps a little. That's a trick Cas taught him for when he's feeling overwhelmed. He had learned it from his therapist, who Dean has never seen or met but apparently Castiel meets with once a week. Apparently it's something that he used to do way back when he was going through everything with his dad and stepmom, and he picked it back up when they came out here.
The remaining alpha, who is so solidly built that Dean doesn't doubt for a second that he must be a teammate of the other, offers him a grimace that shows true embarrassment on the part of his friend. “Sorry ‘bout Bart. He’s a bit of a lughead.”
When he gets to the table at last, Dean doesn’t raise his head. Just keeps his nose in a book, while he secretly tries to gain as much information as he can about his visitor from his shoes.
Suddenly, Dean's hand is being shaken though he doesn't remember offering it. His fingers are stiff and his jaw is hanging open, slack. "I... I don't know Anna," he manages, with some difficulty.
“Things are great,” he responds at last, hoping that the smile he offers isn’t too shaky, “I’m so happy at the
It might just be that he's too tired, or too happy, but Castiel doesn't think he hears nearly as much doubt in Dean's voice as he'd been hearing for the last week. He'll take that as a small win. He hopes that one day, maybe soon, he won't need to reassure Dean quite so much. That the trust they've lost will come back, and things between them will be as easy and carefree as they ever were.
“I’m sure that’ll go smoothly, Sam. We’ll go in with a suspiciously identical last name.” Dean snarked back at his brother with frustrated sarcasm. “As far as anybody in the past knows, there’s no other Sam and Dean Winchester. Can you stop being so goddamn bitchy about everything?!” Rebekah was about to intervene when the woman came in from the kitchen.
“Just like the kid here, you can’t stop thinking about it either, ever since you saw it dripping off the blade of that knife.” War said, glancing at the kid who was scowling more with a glare now as the kid’s namesake started breathing hard. “You didn’t notice know that, didn’t you, Sam? That little vermin played you like you’re his own personal fiddle.”
Sometimes Dean felt like he was older than Sam in a few ways, like his older brother’s self-control and self-discipline were almost non-existent.
25 “Of course, not Michael. Although this time-line’s version of him will disagree, but Michael can’t be harmed, even if I wanted to harm him.”
His older sister sighed irritably. “What about American dollars, Danny? Can’t we turn those in for euros?” She suggested, then reaching into her dress pocket, and pulling out her wallet to count the dollars in it. “If my math is right, then $20 will get me €17 euros, right? I’ll be fine, alright?”
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Sam shook his head. “No, he’s not. How about he adopted you after, say, your parents died in an accident and you had no other relatives able to take you in after we moved to the States? It’s a more interesting cover than usual.” He suggested after a moment of thinking. “The other ones are getting boring.”
“You’re damn right it is.” Rufus said, then punching Dean in the face, and approaching Rebekah to grab his gun. She aimed her own gun right back at him as Dean tackled him. “The Horseman!” He tried to reason with the man again.
“Well, at least they can’t get in here,” he said reluctantly, putting the salt canister back on the sidewall table, and picking up the other bag, “not that I don’t enjoy you kids being here, it’ll be best if you deal with the demons back in America.”
The hero Sam didn’t say anything, and Samuel couldn’t sit by, and let Tim berate his namesake like this. Nobody in this time-period had seen how dangerous he could be, and what better time than now to prove it? He wasn’t a prissy law school graduate; he was a hunter first and foremost. The younger-looking hunter had to defend his namesake, even if meant having the drink the demon blood instead of him and exposing the truth he didn’t want anybody else in the past to know of.
