"What could be worse?" Steve asked in a dull voice, and Tony flinched, surprised.
Steve turned away, when Tony bit the skin on his neck, and grasped his hips.
"I'll kill him," was the first thing out of his mouth. "If that wasn't an attempt on my life, I don't know anything. Jarvis, I need a thermal blanket, now. And tea. And the head of this..."
"If this Henn Rau is to be believed, the ba do belong to their highborn masters and are completely loyal to them. If haut Mio D'Stark didn't give an order to sabotage the replicator bank, then it wasn't the ba. It was set up, to frame the Consul."
"Oh, trust me," answered Reed, absent-mindedly. "Hank won't let me in, he doesn't trust Victor, that's my partner. So we don't talk that much lately. But his research!"
"Not quite. I was finishing it. The first designer got unexpectedly caught misappropriating the funds." Stark snorted, "Which is another piece of proof that we're all just humans. I think this happens quite a lot in your fleet, as well. Tea?"
He immediately forbade himself thinking of Tony.
"Are you bringing her home?" Tony asked instead, "I'll be with you soon."
"Junk," Steve echoed. He felt himself getting irritated again. What junk? The kind of junk that was red and gold and that the best scientists during the war would sell their souls for? "Weapons?" he asked in a low voice.
"Stark Industries, how can I help you?"
"You made a friend out of a giant green monster, Steve, and you're surprised by slightly accelerated healing? Unbelievable. Can you eat with chopsticks? No? I knew that. Sit down; I'm going to teach you."
Steve drew back curtains, opened the window and looked outside – an old habit of his making him survey the place he was going to spend the night in, even if nothing was really threatening him in this lifetime. The old paranoia kept him vigilant, and it did save his life a couple of times.
"I've tried," he muttered. "It doesn't work."
"You're quite right. And please, excuse my colleague, he didn't mean to offend. It's just, we're quite used to seeing specific hair styles on ghem-lords."
Stark did exactly what he promised. Steve never met a person who could hug him like this, from all over, like a boa constrictor. Then again, Stark wasn't trying to choke him, he just climbed onto Steve and kept breathing in his neck.
"I've been at war."
"I check my mail every day, and I can assure you, I had no messages from you," Steve spread his hands.
"You're a scientist. Think about it! Consider your options and weigh your chances."
"What?" His voice sounded irritated.
"Howard trained me not to ever touch anything or anyone. Then, of course, he fixed some things, I tinkered with it, too, so nobody's getting hurt anymore, if they touch me. But the habit's still there."
"Leave your name," Steve could hear her typing something, "Mister Stark will contact you when he's available."
"Maybe. Although, it would be better to send the next invitation by comm. Let's ignore tradition for the sake of safety."
He swayed back and forth on his heels and started pacing in front of the couch.
"What we're investigating is none of your business," Hawkeye answered, calmly. According to the armor, his name was Clint Barton, he was unmarried, got arrested a couple of times, but the chargers were dropped. "It was more fun when we were fighting," added the man.
"I don't care about the serum," he said. "A man took part in that project, named Steve Rogers," Banner was going to interrupt him, but Steve raised his hand, "I'm Steve Rogers."
"Why would you want this?" asked Steve. His voice was barely obeying him.
"But it's still really inconvenient," he muttered, sipping coffee from the thermos. "I'll make it truly portable someday, no cases, no heaps of metal, I just forget about it all the time..." His fingers twitched, and the picture on the screen changed.
"It's eleven," Steven answered, "Tony, have you slept?"
"I could handle this type of alright with one of my hands tied behind my back," she said. "You should see a doctor. Damn you tourists," she grunted, "the young folk these days are all weak. Come on, boy, I'll take you to our doc."
"I've a theory," Tony continued, looking him in the eyes. His pupils were slightly dilated. "They're learning. They found a stable system and interfaced with it. God, this is crazy, but I think our neural systems are connected."
"Quite so," Rogers nodded. "They'll try to catch the mercenaries trying to catch me, the rest is just a question of adding some drugs. They'll tell everything they know. What are our plans?"
Maybe, Bruce was wrong about him.
"I get it," Tony laughed with a hoarse voice. "Stark, get the hell out of here."
"Great." Tony sighed. "And what is it now?"
"I had a key made last year. Why were you in such a hurry?"
Steve felt rather than saw Tony rushing forward, the armor's movement aching in his chest, before all hell broke loose He clearly heard the click of a rifle's bolt and, moving on reflex, turned around and pushed Bruce to the ground, falling right next to him. He didn't even have time to think that they were doomed, all the thoughts were deafened by Bruce's desperate broken cry slowly changing into a roar. The machine gun went off, and Steve had a hysterical thought that Bruce was wrong, there were not tranquilizers. Nobody was here for peace; the army came to fight a war against one man.
Steve blinked.
"You have to be sure of that now, too."
"Alright, Tony. I told you my story, or at least the basics of it."
Steve hummed.
"So, maybe somebody needed a sample of your handwriting?" suggested Clint. "Or your perfume?"
"I used to draw pictures, before, when I was nervous." It wasn't the most intelligent thing to say, but what else was there for him? Talking about scientists? He couldn't do that. Talking about Hank and his ants? He couldn't do that either. Or maybe, about his mother dying from tuberculosis? That was out of the question. "I drew them for anyone who asked, and guys sent them to their sweethearts, or parents, to people who waited for them to come back from war – their friends, brothers, sisters. They managed to get me something to draw with even when there was nothing to eat. Even when the squad spent days sitting in trenches."
"Take this," said Jarvis, who appeared beside him quietly with a book in his hand. "I think you'll like it."
Tony sighed a few times and kept pulling the shards out, one by one. At some point, Steve lost the count. A pile of bright red metal collected on the ground. Tony had shadows under his eyes, and his hair stuck to his forehead, but he kept pulling out the pieces.
"Finally, you’re back," said Tony, not taking his eyes off the newspaper. "I was waiting for half an hour, even had time to repair the TV. You did know it was broken, right?"
"That wouldn't surprise me," he said, getting up. "See you soon."
He moved from the wall and headed towards a wide staircase. Steve followed him.
"Janet van Dyne." Her palm was cold, and the handshake somewhat unsure. "Are you here for Hank?"
"A cop I knew gave me this little thing," Solomon, an old mixed-race man, an owner of the store Steve was working in, explained, as he appeared at the door. "He was working under cover. Got shot."
"No."
How and, more importantly, why would one person destroy a whole city?
Perhaps, Steve thought, he himself needed to follow the doc's advice, whatever derision Tony chose to speak about it with. Get drunk, accept Solomon's invitation to a hippie party (Steve still didn't know anything about hippies. He most certainly read something about them on the internet, once, but quickly forgot about), just let himself unwind. Then again, he’d hardly seriously consider doing any of that.
"We decided to recreate the serum. Well, actually, the government dug up some old archives, found mentions of the project and decided that, with new technology of these days, we wouldn't repeat the same mistakes," Bruce's voice was steady, calm, as if he was reading a lecture. "We thought... well, you know how it is. We thought we could use it to help people. Help ourselves. I was so inspired."
"Master is waiting for you in the drawing room," he said, opening the door wide in front of Steve and quickly disappearing in the dim corridor. The mansion's big windows were covered by heavy curtains that made one of the walls look like it was made out of fabric.
"And nobody noticed anything?"
"Interesting," said Tony.
"Do I look that smart? Nah, I just keep him company, or he'll drive everyone crazy with his nagging." Janet made a funny grimace. "Jesus, I'll put a stake in my own chest if I start understanding half of what Hank usually talks about."
Steve swayed and grabbed the edge of a table, looking at the room with unseeing eyes. He might've even noticed the armor already, but he just couldn't focus his gaze on it for a while.
Yeah, that description rang true.
"Just do it quickly," answered Tony. "You never know when to stop talking, and I'm going to Pym afterwards. So many geniuses around you can go crazy."
"Jarvis?" Stark looked at the ba that answered with his own uncomprehending gaze.
He left a note at the flat, took all the money he earned, shoved the Beretta wrapped up in a hoodey deep into his backpack and left. The act was impulsive and thought through at the same time. Impulsive – because nobody would expect something like this from him, and thought through, because that was the way Steve did everything. He was taught that any endeavor should start with a plan, and so, he had a plan.
"That's Pepper talk."
"Sure, why not?"
"I did, recently," Tony nodded, shameless. Steve blushed and wondered, what gave them away. Was it the hickeys again? But he didn't have any.
"Lower your weapons," Steve shouted. "Lower your weapons, and we'll talk."
There was also a robot next to the wall. It didn't look like an armor, and while it was human-like, the dark steel color of his eyes made him look almost sinister. The shadows were playing on its face, and the eyes looked unseeing.
"Why exiled?" asked Vorromanof, surprised. "You're working. I'm going to drop a five-layered pack of encrypted dispatches for you. You're still an Imperial Courier, aren't you? Get them delivered."
Wilson opened his mouth, clearly going to argue back, but he was interrupted by an arrival of a tall man in a black suit with bright red hair. He waved his hand, and Wilson nodded quickly and moved aside. Janet kept watching him.
Tony looked at him, surprised.
"No, thanks. Another cup of coffee, please." The waitress – Sharon, according to her badge – nodded. "How do I get there?"
"And that's where the cryochamber comes in, and decades of waiting till medicine catches up enough so they could heal you," Tony nodded in understanding. "Well, I'm glad it did. And that the people looking after the chamber were, as you say, burdened by morals. They could decide it wasn't worth it, after all."
"Yeah," he snorted, angry. "Boundaries and safety! Meanwhile, any terrorist can go to the officers' home and nobody will stop them."
"But at least it's interesting. Mom probably got involved in all of this for the same reasons." Stark made another huge yawn and closed his eyes.
More valuable than anything.”
"'Cause it's Tuesday," Tony said, as if that explained anything.
Steve felt that another second of this and he'll crush his fist right into Stark's well-groomed temple. He got up so fast that the move sent something flying to the floor and said, the words clipped:
"Oh," Tony gave him a crooked grin. "That's kind of my wheelchair. Upgraded, with cool functions like flight."
"So, where am I taking you?" Tony cheerfully asked. Steve noticed that there was an inverse relationship between Tony's and Ben's moods: the happier Stark was becoming, the grimmer was Ben. "A museum? An opera house? A brothel?"
"If you'll let me," he said, "I can reprogram your controller and tie it to the armor. Or, maybe, even make a new one."
"I," started Steve, but then hesitated, "how may I call you?"
Steve nodded.
That same evening, he decided to turn on the phone. As it turned out, turning it on was the easiest thing you could do with it.
"You're exactly the same, though," Steve answered, quietly. Solomon smirked, flashing his bright white teeth and threw the match to the ground.
"I hoped you'd like to go see a movie," said Ben, disappointed, sipping his coffee. "I hate museums. Do you know what 3D is?"
"During the second world war," Steve started, looking at some point above Tony's shoulder, "there was a project called Rebirth. I'm not a scientist, so I don't know much about it, but it had something to do with a serum that could increase person's strength and endurance. They would get a super soldier, maybe even an army of super soldiers that could beat the fascist army."
Steve cursed himself for being so slow. After all, as he approached the house, he did notice a car, so bright that it made the rest of the world seem colorless in comparison. He could've put two and two together faster.
"That is exactly it, in fact," answered the ba, its voice serious. "But ghem-lord Stark hates traditional poetry."
"Alright," Steve felt like he was dreaming the kind of dream where impossible things are masking as real. Nevertheless, he was curious about having a conversation with a telepath.
"I... yeah, the road was long." Steve lied down again. "I didn't notice."
Steve took a deep breath, pushed aside the strange hot feeling accompanying the discomfort in his skin and closed his eyes. Disconnecting from the armor felt like being hit on his nerves, like the armor was resisting, not willing to lose their connection, too. Then, Steve was hit by the silence.
"Ask your question, Captain."
"Lie down," said Tony, quietly. "It's okay. Just lie down."
"Oh!"
She didn't sound displeased by it, more flirtatious. The girls in the dance rooms used to talk like that, Steve recalled, when soldiers were asking them to dance. They almost always refused Steve.
"I," she said slowly, "it was the institute. There... there... Hank..."
"Which one?" The Cetagandan turned serious at once. His face, with half-smudged face-paint he had no chance to fix, was a mask of grim determination. "When commander Vorromanof's... that's too many R's at once, sorry. When her colleagues dragged me out of bed, I didn't have a chance to make a headcount. But I'm pretty sure all of them are where they're supposed to be, which is the Embassy, and not a replicator bank."
"Besides me, the Colonel and those guys? Clint. Maybe, Fury's direct superiors. Your Cetagandan is also aware, I'm guessing," she added, quite perceptively. "The mercenaries won't be able to share that sacred knowledge with anyone for quite a while, but... Well, you'll be better off disappearing in an unknown direction. The Colonel told me to say that you'll be able to come back when he'll be completely sure that nobody'll try to disassemble you to build an army of undefeatable soldiers with your example."
"Of course. Howard Anthony Walter Stark," answered the Cetagandan, raising his eyebrows. He was clearly expecting something different. "I was named after him and my grandfather, so, Anthony Edward. Two names. Almost like yours."
"He calls himself that," Bruce corrected him. "I can't risk it."
The Colonel's presumably smudged face paint was not just touched upon, but completely changed. The grey background was nowhere in sight, only red and gold pattern, most probably of his clan. For some reason, it did not consist of traditional swirls and spirals, but of straight lines that at some points turned at straight angles and formed something like Old Earth's Celtic ornaments. Steve noted to himself, again, to find a book about face paint patterns. He did not like feeling like a man having an open book in front of him written in an unfamiliar language.
"My condolences," Stark replied, his voice short but seemingly sincere. "I won't ask how old you are, cryosleep makes passing any lengths of time possible. But how did a guy from Barrayar meet a ghem-lord and not try to kill him?"
He threw back his head – the ceilings were way too high – and his gaze fell on a portrait of a man who looked very similar to Tony, only his face seemed more rough, sharp, his gaze commanding, like Tony's never really was. That was most likely Howard Stark. Steve had read he died in a car accident about ten years ago. The man on the portrait was around forty, his hair already grey at the edges. The painter was clearly a master – Steve tore his eyes away with difficulty and left the grim corridor.
A few hours later, when Steve returned to the cabin where he abandoned the furious Cetagandan, said Cetagandan was far less furious and more unhappy, sleepy and clearly sick. His eyes were redder, and his skin paler. Stark looked at the returning Captain with suspicion and even slight fear.
"Get dressed, soldier," he snorted. "We'll sneak away while they're busy."
The ba, clearly shocked by the display, opened its eyes wide and, it seems, for the first time in its life could not find any words to answer the troubled mistress' son. Or maybe, it just wasn't familiar with archaic Russian.
"Tony," Steve said, tired. "We talked about this."
"I doubt that," Banner laughed. "I haven't heard a story that I would find weird for a long time. But I don't have time, I..."
The city was flowing behind, and Steve could name every street he was flying by and even every person in the buildings he passed – the armor provided the information the moment he thought about it. Steve froze in the air above the car accident side – the place was glowing red on his map – and gave it a worried look.
Banner looked at the reactor in silence for a couple of minutes, not asking any questions, and then as silently opened the door of the car.
"No, wait," Stark took a closer look at the trees. "The trees are real, but the leaves aren't. Do you remember what I did at the first banquet? It's the same thing here. But why? What for? Who would spend all that energy keeping a garden looking like this? It's dreadfully expensive. Doing something like this on a space station would be only slightly more expensive..."
"Show me someone Stark does get along with. If I had to make a list of people you should never have anything in common with, he'd be taking the first place."
"Need some help?" Steve asked, confused. Jarvis was completely unperturbed – either the explosion was planned, or they happened often enough that the old butler just stopped paying attention.
"How should I know? That's not my division at all, I only learned about it because Nat called me an hour ago. The case got handed to her, 'cause... you know, it's a delicate issue. Future mothers aren't going to talk to some guys from Security, and she always manages to get people to trust her."
A few days later, Steve noticed that he was turning into a ghost of Stark's mansion, that he was going crazy from having nothing to do, and that missing Tony almost physically hurt. Steve was so used to his constant presence, to all the talking and watching movies, all the little things that made up their friendship, that he almost inadvertently started going places he could bump into Tony, spending too much time in the kitchen, standing for way too long in corridors and the drawing room. Tony, however, stopped leaving the workshop, and Steve didn't dare go there directly.
The thought of becoming disabled was scarier than death, in this unfamiliar world, without a way to stand up for himself, without even a way to support himself. That would've been like Steve’s worst nightmares coming to life. Nothing was more horrifying than becoming a useless aimless piece of meat.
Faustus pursed his lips and looked up at Steve.
"Are you aiming to make us sick as fast as possible, with all those jumps?"
"I've already told you no," said Steve.
Steve took a deep breath and connected to the armor. It answered readily, as it did during the last time he tried that. Steve could control it even from this distance. He remembered Tony telling him the armor found him from a mile away, a few feet weren't a problem at all. But for now, the armor wasn't what Steve was interested in. He listened to his feelings, trying to find Tony. For a moment, he got scared that all these days Tony spent trying to tear down their link. Tony was smart, after all, he could get rid of what was wrong in his opinion, and then this attempt to make him come out and talk was doomed to failure from the start.
"I didn't have time to finish your armor," said Tony, pausing next to him. "If not your darling friend Hulk, I'd have more time, but I was busy repairing my own."
Steve loved sun. He loved getting up early, going for a run, watching the sun rise, but he was ready to admit it wasn't the most popular opinion to have.
"And when you supposedly died..."
They looked at each other, and then jumped from their chairs. The ringing stopped when they were at the door: Janet, ruffled and looking scared, was pressing the phone to her ear.
Silence hung in the room, heavy and absolute. To shake the unpleasant feeling of it, Steve got out of bed, turned on the laptop and automatically loaded the browser. Among a horde of newsletters and spam there was one letter sent from an unfamiliar address, and Steve absent-mindedly clicked the link.
Steve listened to that feeling, trying to figure out what way he should be going. The armor was somewhere in the house. He went through the room, unsteadily, noticing Tony getting up in the corner of his eye, opened the door and went into the corridor. It was like a game, the only thing missing was Tony exclaiming 'hot' and 'cold'. The man didn't say anything, though, just looked at Steve with caution, making no attempts to stop him.
"Wherever you're going," said Steve.
She was very pretty: small, fragile, but also alive and lively. The wind was shuffling her hair, but it didn't mess it up, it was falling like a beautiful dark wave over her white lab coat. Janet van Dyne was happy, and she was safe, because the war was over long ago, and Steve felt a strange pride, as if he was the one who dragged her - or her mother - ages ago from under enemy fire.
"Through time and space," corrected Reed, absent-mindedly.
Banner nodded and staggered back, as Steve started taking off his hoodey. He was hit by an absurdity of the situation: once more, he was trying to prove something by showing off his reactor. This whole situation was a really unfunny joke.
"Let's go, Steve," Tony said, not unkindly. "I think I at least owe you lunch."
"No damn way," Tony gave him an absolutely mad smile and bit Steve's lip. That helped for a while: Stark's teeth were also quite sharp. Steve was grateful, honestly, otherwise, he wouldn't have had a chance to last. He moaned, pushed his hips forward again, managed to find a good rhythm and started fucking Stark the way the man seemed to like it most: quickly, deeply and roughly. The moans he let out, at least, were very encouraging. Of course, Stark tried to stop himself from making too much noise and drawing the attention of the whole ship and the ba to them. Nothing stopped him from talking, though.
"Why?" Steve asked in a hoarse voice. Tony raised his eyebrows.
Tony didn't come back in the evening.
Steve had nothing against puppies and orphans, but it was an obvious trick question.
"Well, I must admit, when I was filling out customs declaration, I decided not to complicate my and the officers' lives and just listed Jarvis among other servants. I couldn't find an entry in your standard form for living beings 'an inalienable living property, the right to use which was temporarily transferred to me'."
"Is there something I missed?"
From the gates, Steve proceeded alone, and the butler only met him at the door. Steve frowned, trying to remember his name.
"You're insulting my work, Master Tony," said Jarvis.
Outside, just at the exit, Steve suddenly turned around and looked back at the lab. Tony froze next to him.
Steve imagined that's what it felt like to lose your mind.
He was talking about the pictures, the funny stuff that happened, recalled some war stories, even talked about his animosity to mobile phones. He didn't know how much time had passed, but Bruce never made a sound.
Tony kept watching Steve like he was his favorite toy and not a person. Steve felt uncomfortable under his unrelenting gaze, but, to his surprise, not as uncomfortable as he expected himself to be.
"My name's Bruce Jones."
"One day I'll finish it," he continued. He was watching Steve with badly hidden animosity, but his gaze grew warmer when it landed on Janet. "You came for the information, right? There's not much I can tell. But still, listen."
Steve looked down. A red-haired woman stood next to the staircase. Happy with a suitcase in his hands hovered behind her.
He was told the war was over. It was hard to believe - till the last moment Steve was sure he was captured by enemies and hypnotized so he’d betray the secrets and technologies he knew about. Ben (the one that grabbed him to stop from attacking, a friend of Reed's) even brought him to a war memorial in Washington. As they went there, Steve had a thought that the only constant was parks - the alley they were crossing looked the same as seventy years ago. People had changed, the technology had changed, the cities grew higher and covered themselves in neon lights, but the parks stayed the same. In the hurried, messy, fast world there were still people who cut the bushes to make them look round.
"I know. I think it would've never even occurred to you." Tony gave him a crooked smile, tried to rub the back of his head and swore, remembering about the glove. "Let's do it this way: decide who with and where you're having lunch, but dinner is with me."
"Seems like it. Stark, his ba and I had a conversation, and we think the person trying to ruin our lives is..." Steve fell silent, trying to figure out how to say 'an old sick man obsessed with the desire to live forever' and not to betray his secrets, "well, the most likely suspects are Jacksonians working for the old Baron Fell."
"Are you in a hurry?" Tony asked.
"Atta boy," said Tony, in a softer voice. "Feeling better?"
"Where's Hank?" Janet asked again. She was shaking, she got out of Steve's hands and stopped in the center of the room. Her face was twisted into a grimace that looked both frightened and furious, like she was ready to jump at a first person and tear them apart.
Steve was going to follow them, but Tony shook his head.
Rogers shook his head, briefly, throwing off the feeling. He found no guilt in his actions, and the Cetagandans, while they weren't enemies anymore, still couldn't be trusted.
He let his hand down, found the bag dropped under the couch by touch and fumbled for a small cold jar.
"He did quite a lot of harm to Jacksonians, though. A couple of times, actually. And his brother, as well," said Steve. "As far as I understand, the heads of many families of Jackson's Whole live for centuries, even though their way of extending their life is different from Cetagandan."
There was a stadium-sized space under the house with a mysterious shining blue device in the center of it.
"Yeah, gold," he muttered. "Something like that."
He moved his head, and the armor reacted instantly, covering his body again, except for the gap where it had to be connecting to the left hand. Tony rose up in the air and flew forward. Steve might've imagined it, but he thought Hulk roared excitedly, before following the armor.
For once, his buddy had nothing to say, and Steve came to his assistance.
"You're not...” Ben started, but Tony pushed him in the stomach with his cane.
"Alright, let's go," he said, "it'll take long, of course, but..."
"He had a meeting yesterday," he remembered. Did Tony come back at night? "I'll check."
"I thought," said Tony, slowly and quietly, "that he killed you. And your phone wasn't working again."
"Well, you've shown the intent to have a private conversation with me first, so I suppose the first turn is mine. Ask away," Stark leaned back in his chair and sipped his tea. Steve belatedly remembered that most of artificially perfected citizens of Cetaganda had roughly the same abilities as he did, so the drug wasn't going to have an effect on his companion.
"You know why I am thinking about ramps? Because when you and Sue finally have kids, she'll be the first, well, second, to hate you for their absence."
"Changed your mind?" suggested Tony. "Don't want to risk it? It's better to reconsider at this point than later."
"Like that makes things easier for me."
"That's your chance to experience it differently, then, this time," Tony answered, cheerfully.
Steve didn't understand, whom he was talking about – Pepper or the glove, but all the eyes were immediately on him, and he awkwardly stepped aside, trying to hide in the shadows.
"I'm not afraid," Steve answered, calm.
"Then you're under arrest for aiding a war criminal," the man announced, finally. "Put your gun down and surrender."
"Trying to shut me up? I like your method," Tony hummed. "Do you not like compliments?"
Steve gave Natasha a questioning look. This is how it always went when you got involved in somebody else's business without getting a proper briefing first. Natasha showed him a photo on her comm. The screen was small, and identifying a paralyzed person wasn't easy sometimes – the facial muscles relaxed, twisting a usual expression, but...
"Well, maybe the person who lives here is really rich and loves autumn," suggested Steve.
"It's probably just a stupid misunderstanding," she continued, feigning ease, "all these experiments will drive me crazy before they do Hank. Sorry if I woke you up."
The whole situation was making Steve mad. He wasn't used to doing nothing when his friends needed help, and that was exactly what Tony asked him to do. Steve was basically shaking from how useless he felt. All his training yelled at him that he needed to put a splint on the hand, clean the wound and immediately get a doctor.
"It's alright," said Steve. "I wasn't the one in danger of having my head bit off."
Ben rolled his eyes.
It was a pointless rhetorical question, but Steve just wanted to hear his own voice. Tony didn't answer. He leaned down and pulled something from under the chair. Upon seeing it, Steve automatically tried to crawl back.
"If I can't find the information indirectly, I should try just asking for it. Not the traditional way for a ghem-lord, but it works sometimes," he instructed his reflection in the mirror. The reflection nodded and looked at its owner with the sorrow of all Cetagandans. It didn't like his hairstyle and the speed with which his hair was growing.
Steve flinched and was gripped even harder.
"I'm Tony Stark. I collect things. The contract that Ross signed with Iron Man stipulates that Tony Stark, a man that collects things, has no responsibility over actions of the man in the suit."
"And? Where are you going with this?"
The last half a year, he would describe his mood and state as 'not happy'. He wasn't happy about the wound, he wasn't happy about the rehabilitation, and more than anything he wasn't happy about being transferred to the headquarters. He wasn’t used to banquets and mingling, and intrigues, even if he learned how to deal with all of that. Now, there were those Cetagandans. As if the Escobarans and the Komarrans weren't enough of a problem, already.
"Come on, I'm still Volt for my friends," the house's master smirked. "Let's come upstairs, into the office. We shouldn't embarrass the young ones and stop them from making their usual chaos."
He locked the phone and looked at Steve, the expression on his face soft and thoughtful. Steve already saw him looking like that, but this was the first time it was for him.
Steve took a deep breath and let the air out.
"And, after another unsuccessful attempt to apply to the Academy, this weird guy contacted me. He said he was from Escobar, but his accent was not. He told me his name was Abraham, and that he was working on a revolutionary medical procedure," Steve sipped his tea, thinking to himself that this time it tasted even better. "I had nothing to lose, so I agreed. As it turned out, Abraham was in charge of... let's say, biochemical part of the experiment. There was also a technical one, and that was in the hands of your father. He looked just like you, only with short hair and no face paint. He introduced himself as Walter, suggested I call him Volt, and I quickly realized, why."
The ants were still crawling all over her feet, but Janet barely paid any attention to it. She brushed the insects off and tugged Steve towards the door.
"The effect's amazing, Stark," Hank started, but Janet put her hand over his mouth.
"There're no painkillers, Rogers," he cut off. "I'm sorry I'm not screaming my lungs out from all the pain, but that's just how I am, blame my late mother for spending too much time in the lab while pregnant."
The ba nodded serenely. Tony let him go talk to the crew, adding:
Steve heard some glass clicking, and then – Tony's voice:
Tony wasn't tense, his tone of voice was even, as he spoke, but Steve still felt something fake about his behavior. As if Tony was really trying to behave like everything was fine when it really wasn't.
"Welcome to the Cetagandan Empire," said Stark, half-serious, once they passed the airlock and appeared inside the ship. "Watch your head."
"The truth is," Bruce continued, "I was the giant green monster. God," he laughed harshly. "Never said that out loud. It's so funny."
"Well, it was really dirty," said Steve, resigned to his fate. Swamps on Barrayar are really something, I must admit. We spent four days there, and at the end of it we couldn't distinguish anymore between a comrade and a pile of dirt. Vorbarton had to ditch his jumpsuit, something chewed it through, and if not for this thing," he pulled the thing but durable fabric on his shoulder, "who knows what gnats would do to him. We're very serious about boundaries and safety on Barrayar."
"Shareholders meeting," said Steve, distracted. "Annual report with the board of directors, profit and loss distribution."
"Hank," she said. "Is it you? Please, tell me you're alright. Oh my god," Janet ran her hand through her hair and laughed quietly. "You're an idiot. You're the most genius idiot I know!"
"You are on vacation," categorically declared Howard, sitting down again. "You'll get the memo once you get back on the ship. And Steve is delivering dispatches, if I'm not mistaken? That's a waste of resources, but it's a good cover. What's your next stop?"
"Alright," he said instead. "I'll call."
"I need to talk to Tony Stark," said Steve.
Steve heard something crash in the drawing room and jumped from his chair, before hearing Ben's muffled voice:
He opened the door and practically threw himself outside, stumbled, almost fell down, made a couple of unsure steps, and stumbled again, finally disappearing from Steve's view.
"Why would that happen?"
"It's a tradition," Stark shrugged. "Personal invitations are written by hand and delivered in their original state, no photographing, scanning or sending via comm."
"Working on a philosopher's stone," Tony finished in a completely serious tone.
"You're not disabled," Steve blurted out.
Steve just took his backpack and stood next to him.
"Do you not feel shame
"Because we're not used to dealing with maniacs who would hurt children!" cried Steve, his eyes burning. "As you aren't, I hope. No matter what's going on, on Barrayar nobody would think of doing anything like that..." Then, Steve fell silent for a moment. "Alright, Miles Vorkosigan is an example of the opposite. But that was a tragic accident, not a malicious intent against the child."
He felt incredibly small next to Ben. Reed was taller than both of them, but he was also really thin, while Ben looked like a professional fighter or an athlete. He was also the first who, after Steve said he wanted to serve in the army again, honestly answered, 'sorry, man, but you look like you wouldn't be admitted even if there's no other choice'.
Steve rushed forward, letting out an array of small rockets that crushed arrows aimed at him, and flew over the roof that housed his adversary.
"I'm gonna..." Steve pressed his teeth together, waiting through an attack of highest pleasure. He just couldn't get used to this, it was so hot and sweet, Stark was breathing into his lips, twisting under him, pushing forward, Steve was tempted to start reciting the regulations to stop himself from coming.
"I'm just talking to myself," explained Tony.
"I am," answered Steve. Tony stared at him for a moment, and then grabbed his coat from a chair and headed out.
Steve pressed another button and almost flinched, when Tony's voice sounded from the dynamics:
He didn't ask about the money, and Steve was almost grateful. Buying some food and paying for the gas was the least he could do for Bruce.
"Sta... Tony!" Steve breathed out and tried to keep from moving. Who know what the Cetagandan could've meant by this, and he did have long nails.
At the corner of his eye, Steve noticed the ruined lab, dark red spots on the walls, as if someone was smeared all over them with unmitigated fury. For the first time since he ended up in this world, Steve felt sick.
"What reaction were you expecting, then?" Steve said, irritated. "You told her something about an explosion, called her here, there are cars all around, and this room..." he sighed. "Is that Hank's blood?"
"Since half past eight," said Natasha, after consulting her comm.
The road quickly stopped being so deserted: there were trees going along it, making it look like a living tunnel. Sometimes they passed by huge trucks and single cars, a couple of times Steve even noticed people riding bicycles. In the distance, there were animals on the pasture.
"I'll remember that," he looked down at his tablet and scrolled through something. "My internal clock says it's evening, but the day's just started. I don't like working during daylight. I think sun is better used as a source of energy, not a source of light."
Suddenly, a flash of lightning brightened up the room. Steve frowned: Reed was wearing pajama pants, but he also had a screwdriver behind his ear. Although, Steve shouldn’t have been surprised: Reed never went anywhere without his tools.
"Well, that's something, at least," muttered Tony.
"And that's Jarvis."
"I get it," said Bruce. "How impossible it sounds. I'd rather it wasn't true as well. I'll even get it if you say I lost my mind."
"Athos," admitted Steve. "It's just two jumps away, fortunately."
"None."
Tony was sitting at the kitchen table.
"And what did you find so interesting under that sock?" asked Steve, hoarsely, admitting his defeat. He couldn't very well demand it was an accident, the 'sock' really didn't hide anything. "Did you forget I'm a Barrayaran and a man? Relations like this are frowned upon in our culture. You should be aware of this, being a consul."
"If you don't move your arm," said Tony, in a weirdly amused voice, "I'll take this as an invitation."
"You didn't literally drag me by my ears, though. So, you are perfectly capable of thinking and not just following the letter of your orders," Stark sighed. "I know you're constantly mocking me – and be my guest for that, but don't do anything like this again. I really need to get closer to that Barrayaran. Although, he doesn’t seem to be the person I'm looking for. Where's the message?"
The pickup was filled with metallic cookware, carefully folded blankets, tools and bags. Bruce took a lighter out, checked it and turned it off again. They were once again in complete darkness of a moonless night.
They looked at each other in silence, Tony's gaze considerate and attentive, Steve's irrationally bashful. He wanted to reach for his discarded clothes, but couldn't stop looking at Tony.
Bruce's face turned unhealthy green.
"I'm not," said Steve. "I'm a soldier."
Steve rubbed his hand and tried to focus on the man's words, if before Faustus was just wasting air, now he was inching towards something important.
"What snapping thing?" Tony drawled back, confused.
"Keep your phone turned on!"
While the log was starting to smolder, Bruce took the cover off the pickup.
"Great. And people were trying to kidnap me for being strong and aging slowly?" asked the Captain, sarcastically.
Instead of his fingers, his knees twitched, and Steve frowned.
"I'm Janet van Dyne!" she yelled. "Let me in! I need to know where's Hank! Henry Pym! Where is he?"
"This whole business... isn't really about the duration," said Tony. "Besides, we can always give it another go."
"That's impossible. Jarvis couldn't be in that bank."
"Great. Thanks. Why does it seem to me that my mother knows much more, than me, even staying so far away? Why didn't she come here, then, to separate mirage from oasis and the wheat from the chaff?"
"That's not really politically correct," Tony hummed. "But no, I'm not a mutant. I'm, like we all are, just a victim of a series of unfortunate events."
"You don't know, then." Steve noticed that Bruce's knuckles turned white from how hard he was squeezing the wheel. "Or you’re dumb enough to jump into a beast's cage." He paused. "Get comfortable, Steve, we're going to drive for a while."
"You're hurting," he said, "and that's because of me. And you'll be hurting if I pour liquid metal on my foot, and something tells me, Steve, that things that are normal for me could be deadly for you."
Bruce was sitting in a tree's shadow, hugging his knees. Making another effort to move away, Steve went to him and sat down on the grass.
"I do. I really hope I don't look this stupidly happy."
He opened and closed them a few times, and then, without a warning, pulled a piece of metal out of his hand. Even Steve felt nauseous, and Bruce straight up rushed to the bushes.
He was holding a tablet in one hand and a brown paper bag in another. Taking a step closer, Steve felt a sharp smell of spices.
Steve blinked twice. Tony frowned and disappeared from his view for a moment. Steve had a thought that he was probably done for, but he couldn’t assemble enough strength to really care about that.
Tony was alive - that was the most important thing. They just needed to get him to a hospital.
“What’s wrong?” Phil asked.
“Yeah, it goes both ways. Don’t worry,” Clint snapped back. Natasha smacked his arm and shook her head. “What? Did you
“We will get through this, together. Now, let us get ready,” Thor said. He undid one of Loki’s hands to remove Mjolnir and redid it after. Loki stood. “I believe we will still be on Earth for a short time. A fortnight perhaps.”
Nova didn’t know what to do. She clenched her hands into fists and closed her eyes tightly. She let out a loud wail, and all of the loose furniture in the room flew towards the walls and each window broke. Toni entered the large apartment through one of the broken windows. Nova opened her eyes.
“No. In the aftermath of the battle, I went into the temple, and I found a baby. Small, for a giant’s offspring. Abandoned, suffering, left to die. Laufeyson,” Odin said.
The two left through the elevator, talking about an ex-girlfriend of his.
“I am Fury to you, nothing else. Both of you sit,” Fury said. Toni and Nova listened, and sat at the big conference table; Fury grabbed two folders familiar to Toni.
“Hi Phil, ” Pepper said, pouring herself some wine. Toni threw Pepper a dirty look.
“So, you lied to me? What the hell? Why didn’t anyone tell me where you really were?” Toni asked, throwing her hands up.
“It’s fine.. Sorry for snapping. I need to text my mom, let her know I’m okay. Let’s just go,” Nova replied, getting her phone to text Toni. She turned around to walk away, and Thor grabbed her shoulder.
“Nothing,” Toni and Coulson replied simultaneously. Toni glared at Coulson.
“Oh whatever,” Pepper said with an exasperated sigh. Happy started the engine and the group took off for the Expo.
“So... I’m just gonna take the jet to DC tonight...” Pepper said, backing up. “Nova’s gonna come with me, you have a lot of homework.”
“Uh, well. Congrats!” Toni said cheerfully. Thor stepped closer and Toni then said, “Jesus, you are the father to my daughter.”
,” Fury said before storming out. The conference room door slammed shut and echoed.
“What about my stuff?” Nova asked, pointing to her belongings.
“I’m sorry, they shot me down. Are you okay?” Steve asked removing his helmet. He moved closer to Toni. Toni looked up at him.
“Jarvis, save the rest for the way up,” Toni said to Jarvis.
“Yeah, might as well,” Toni said sadly. The phone rang once and Nova answered.
“Pepper… is Toni gonna be there?” Nova asked. Pepper noticed Nova saying ‘Toni’ instead of ‘mom’ and sighed.
“Phil, I don’t know if anyone has ever told you this, but you aren’t very good with emotions,” Nova laughed. Phil gave her a smile.
“I don’t see how that’s a party?” Natasha said. Toni landed between Steve and Nova while Bruce walked towards the Leviathan.
“No, we didn’t. But since you decided to take it upon yourself to tell the girl about her father, I figured she could read it,” Fury said, throwing the occupied folder towards Nova.
“Nova! Oh my god where the hell are you! Are you okay?” Toni asked frantically.
Steve nodded and jumped up towards the panel. He opened it up and sighed.
“I just want to explain some important information with you two about this pregnancy. Loki, you will only carry for seven months, and your seidr should help during the birth. I also wanted to tell you, I will be here for the birth, so you will be able to see your little one,” Frigga said with a small smile. Loki’s red face perked up right away at her mother’s words.
“Fury didn’t tell me you were coming.”
Toni walked towards him and patted him on the shoulder, “Hey, I can promise a stress-free environment. No tension, no surprises.” With that, Toni zapped him in the side with a little pen.
“I do!” Steve said cheerfully. Everyone gave him a funny look. “I understood that reference.”
“No need to be sorry, you didn’t know. She’s the best thing to ever happen to me,” Nova replied with a smile. Natasha gave a small smile.
“He actually controls lightning, Noves,” Toni replied.
“Hey, virgin ears here,” Nova joked while coving her ears.
“Where’d Steve and Bruce go?”
“Oh,” a moment of silence, “You are a genius, so it doesn’t surprise me. Thank you for not saying anything, even if you didn’t have control at that time. If Fury had found out, he probably would’ve kicked me off the Helicarrier.”
“Oh, but see J, I don’t care. I’ve got plans with Pepper and my daughter,” Toni said, reading the display.
“Get back to the Helicarrier and make sure Nova is hidden. Hurry I don’t know how fast this guy is,” Toni said.
“Did you just say Stark? Are you related to Howard Stark?” he asked. Nova shook her head and his excitement went away. “Oh.”
“Say Fury, what’s this look like to you?” Toni asked, moving her screen to show a missile plan. “Why lie when you know we have proof?”
“It’ll be okay. I know everything will be okay. You found you dad... and your mom,” Toni said. As she got closer to the tower, Toni changed the direction of the missile.
“I promise mother, I do. I sense there is something else you want to say,” Thor replied.
“Stark, let them talk, because I need to talk to you and Banner,” Steve said. Toni sighed in defeat.
“I have a friend who can see all. He would be able to tell you how Lady Stark is doing. You will be meeting him when we arrive in Asgard. He already knows you are coming,” Thor said.
“I didn’t realize Toni had a child,” Bruce noted.
“I’ve been waiting my whole life to know what my birth parents look like. I think I’m just nervous, you know? Big moment,” Nova replied. She gingerly grabbed the folder and brought it towards her. Nova opened the folder and frowned a little.
Nova slipped away from the guards and began making her way towards Loki. She was going to confront him to find out what was going on.  The Helicarrier jerked, and someone announced that engine one was failing, so Nova started running before she was too late. When she arrived to where his cell was, she saw the door was opening to the cell.
“Excuse me?” Pepper asked, looking back and forth between the two in front of her. Pepper grabbed a strand of her hair to see it was a bright blue. The woman shrieked and threw a glare in Nova’s direction. “Nova! Change it back!”
“He took on that psychopath alone. He was outmatched,” she said.
“Okay, okay… A couple of months ago I started getting these really bad bruises and I was always in pain. Mom called her friend, Dr. Cho, so come see what was going on. She took some blood,  too… that’s when we all found out I wasn’t human,” Nova explained.
“I’ve always called him Phil, mom, you know that,” Nova laughed.
the older woman said. She brought the young woman in front of a mirror. Her black hair was already messy, and her striking green eyes were growing tired. Nova gasped at the sight of the woman and the image disappeared. Toni stood up and came up behind Nova.
“Yeah I noticed, I’m working on it,” Toni grunted.
“You guys okay?” a maintenance guy asked.
“What do you mean?” Thor asked.
Pepper was about to protest, but Toni stopped her. “It’ll be fine Pepper. She’ll be fine with me. She’s fourteen, she will be okay, promise. Just go ahead.”
I hope you enjoy the chapter, and the (hopefully) better reunion!
(See the end of the chapter for
” the call ended with that. Phil walked the rest of the way to the car, and headed to the Stark Mansion to meet with Fury.
“We are, sir. Its sweeping for its signature, and when we get a hit, we will have a location within a half mile,” Bruce said.
“Right this way,” Bruce said leading Toni out of the room. After the two left, the man who had been playing Galaga resumed it.
When the dust started to lift, Toni stopped. There was a greenish light coming from within the dust.
“What am I?” Loki asked as he put the Casket back down.
Frigga made her way back into the room, “It is time, my children. I am deeply sorry. I will make sure she goes somewhere safe.”
,”Nova responded.
“Thor… I know who told your father,” Frigga said quietly.
“Uh. Yes!” Nova said. She grabbed her toast and ran to the couch. Toni plopped down next to her and they began channel surfing.
“I’m not sure. It was almost like she was speaking in tongues. My assistant and I had no idea what she was saying. Her eyes flashed bright green for a moment and she went unconscious. Her vitals were stable, and they are stable now. We don’t know what happened. Had this occurred before?” Dr. Cho asked.
“Where the hell is she?” Toni asked.
“Oh okay. Well it’s nice to meet you. I’m Steve Rogers,” Steve said, holding his hand out. Nova shook it.
They continued on again after Loki flipped to the female section of the book. It took much longer for them to find a name for a girl. Another half hour passed when Loki found the perfect name.
“Have care how you speak, human. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard, and he is my.. brother,” Thor said. Bruce caught the hesitation in his voice at the end and he raised an eyebrow at the God of Thunder.
Nova knew mentioning the party to Toni would work. When her and Phil arrived at the mansion, she went straight to her room and picked up some clothes and a large amount of books.
Ughh, I totally cried while writing this chapter. I really never thought I'd make it this far. Thank you to those who stuck around until I updated again; its been a hard year. Like I said a few chapters ago, I plan to write a sequel to this. I'm still in the works of figuring out what I want to do with it exactly, but I figured I could throw some short stories in there that go along with this story before.
“You gotta apologize first,” Nova said. “Unless you want it green insteadDon't you think green would look good on her, mom?” Toni nodded in agreement.
Thor grabbed Loki by the face, showed the trickster the city, and said,” Look at this! Look at what you have done! Do you think this madness will end with you?”
“Don’t you
“Don’t pay any attention to her Captain. She feeds off of attention just like her mother,” Fury said. “We were having and adult conversation, so you can go the hell away now.”
“It’s good to see you, too. Is it bad that I’m nervous?” she asked.
“Yeah, its seen some mileage. You got that blue stick of destiny? Want a drink?” Toni asked.
” Jarvis’ voice rang out. Toni was up in an instant, running down the hall to Nova’s room.
“Lady Loki, I believe it is time to start pushing now. You are looking about ready,” a nurse said.
“Stark, I swear-” Fury started before Toni turned back around.
“Where the hell is that coming from?” Natasha asked. More lightning struck, and Loki started to look around.
Title is from the song Take Me Home Tonight by Eddie Money
“I need a minute, here!” Steve said, trying to climb his way back to the lever from where he was hanging off of.
“And then she started acting very naughty. Don’t be like that, understand?” Pepper interjected, coming up to the two, pointing a finger at Nova.
Please enjoy this chapter! And so sorry for such the long wait!
Nova wasn’t sure what she was feeling at the moment. There were so many emotions going through her body; sadness, anger, grief. And just for a moment, Nova felt empty.
Toni sighed in annoyance, “Whatever, fine.” Toni fired at the barrier surrounding the device, but the Tesseract sent it back her way. The blast knocked Selvig out and Toni backwards.
“Toni, speak English,” Steve said.
“Have you run any blood tests on her yet?” Dr. Cho asked, setting some of her things down on the kitchen counter. Some of her assistants came with and were currently bringing in more supplies.
“I recognize that the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it,” Fury responded.
Natasha looked over to Bruce for help. “Oh it’s okay Nova, thank you for your help. If Ms. Romanov needs you go with her,” Bruce said.
!” Steve said from the ground.
The two walked over to the small group that had already formed by a water fountain. Thor turned to look towards his daughter.
“Bruce! Holy goodness, I didn’t know if I’d ever see you again,” Nova said running over to the man.
!” Toni shouted.
Fury didn’t notice the necklace until Nova mentioned it. He walked closer so he could get a good look at it; Fury started to reach for the necklace.
“Hey, Pep, can I talk to you outside?” Toni asked. Pepper stood up, said a few things to Nova, and followed Toni out.
“I’m leaving before you try to do anything else to me,” Pepper said, throwing her hands up in the air dramatically. As the woman turned to walk away, a paper sign reading ‘
“Natalie?” Nova said, entering the room from the balcony.
“No!” Thor shouted.
“That was my plan. And that weakness you believe you have on me?” Loki asked. Toni rounded the corner of the bar and made her way towards Loki.
“I wonder where I get it from?” Nova said sarcastically. She made her way past Toni and through the doorway. “This happened the other night, too. Just not this extreme.”
“Bruce, this is Nova. She’s Toni’s daughter. Incredibly smart like her, too,” Natasha said.
"But those plans no longer matter."
The two looked for names for the next half hour. Thor named off many names, but Loki shot down all of them.
“Don’t touch it!” Nova shouted, putting a hand over the necklace. Fury gave her a look that could kill. “Sorry! It shocks someone if they touch it. I just didn’t want that to happen. Jarvis said that it is made from a metal not from Earth and it contains magical properties.”
“Well you aren’t the only ones out there, now are you? There are people on this planet that aren’t matched and are uncontrollable,” Fury said.
Loki laughed, “Ah, home. Well I wouldn’t be welcomed there anymore. And I don’t have the Tesseract. I sent it somewhere where I do not know.”
“You have no idea what you are dealing with,” Thor replied.
The woman tried to steady herself on a chair when a blonde man came up behind her.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Nova nodded. Selvig brought over the Tesseract and gave it to Thor. Thor nodded and patted him on the shoulder a little.
“Yes,” Odin clarified.
Title is from the song Where'd You Go by Fort Minor
“Uh, I’m staying. I’ll keep him on track, I promise,” Nova said, reading some of the articles on a hologram.
“Who was that Toni?” Natasha asked from the front.
“Let the girl out of here Loki! She has no part in this!” Thor shouted. Nova stood in front of the door, silent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey Brucie, what took you so long?” Nova said sweetly. Bruce gave her an unimpressed look.
“Avengers? What’s that?” Nova asked. She had done snooping before but never saw anything with ‘Avengers’ written on it.
*****
“Who said I didn’t?” Nova smiled mischievously. When the bunch came in through the door, Toni was behind Steve. When Nova saw Steve, she sent a little lightning his way to hit him. Toni saw what she was getting ready to do.
“Uh, guys?” she said, but no one seemed to hear her.
“NO!” Thor shouted. With that, Loki was gone.
“Bye kid. Be good,” Natasha said to Nova. She gave her a wink and got into the car. Toni walked up last.
“What oafs,” Loki said aloud to no one. Loki noticed the fight had come to a stop.
a young woman cried. She was alone in what looked like an ancient library.
Steve finally pulled the lever so Toni could escape. The woman steadied herself below the rotor, and flew to where Steve was. She zoomed in and took out the gunman shooting at Steve. Steve jumped down, and Toni removed her helmet.
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out of things, Toni,” Steve said. “Is... is this the first time you’ve lost a solider.
,” someone responded.
“See you then,” Nova replied and hung up. Fury reentered the room.
“You should start with that stick of his. It looks like a H.Y.D.R.A. weapon to me,” Steve pointed out.
“Coulson was nagging me most of the time till he got sent off to New Mexico or somewhere,” Toni huffed.
“Nova get out of here! Go! Go now!” Natasha said, swatting the teen away. Nova used her magic to move a beam off of Natasha’s leg.
“She is gone. I do not wish to lie to you, but she has been gone since the day of your birth. I was only left with the hollow shell of what she used to be,” Thor said. He was a little uneasy with Nova’s appearance, and Nova noticed that too.
“I just want to know why he let us take him. He can’t lead an army from here,” Steve said.
“‘Just remember, I will love you for all eternity,’” Nova said, reciting what Loki had said in his first message. Thor beamed with delight, and Loki gave a shocked look to his daughter.
“Oh my gosh! Are you Dr. Banner? I have always wanted to meet you!” Nova exclaimed. She stuck her hand out for a handshake. “Also, sorry Nat, I got bored.”
As Toni made her way to her tower, her suit began losing power.
“I’m not blaming you for this. I just wanted to know what the hell was going on. Your eyes shined green for a second back there. Does that mean anything?”
“Uh, prisoner?” the man said.
“Does she get this from her mom or something? She has so much sass it is unnecessary,” Toni asked. Thor joined the group, and Steve had disappeared again.
“What do you mean ‘at all’? Are you saying—” Steve started.
“Well that just made things a whole lot more interesting,” Bruce commented. Toni threw him a look from across the room.
“‘God of Thunder’. Maybe that’s where her magical abilities come from? I don’t know boys. Does that mean the other man she’s seeing is bad?” Toni asked.
“Well, it’s actually 2 in the afternoon but- Holy shit! Nova, you’re blue!” Toni exclaimed. Pepper turned to look at the girl and shrieked like someone who had just seen a mouse.
Nick reached his hand forward to touch the necklace, and was greeted with an electric shock. “Motherfucker!”
“Oh hell no. I’m too tired for that. Say, I’m gonna have to borrow this suit. My car kind of blew up during all of this,” Rhodey said.
“What are you trying to tell me?” Thor asked.
“You know, she pisses me off so much I could just-” Fury began saying before...
“We just gathered everything related to the Tesseract-”
“Mother what is so dire that you speak to me alone?” Thor inquired.
"These two are going to kill me one day," Pepper said, putting a hand up to her face. She decided to call in a cleaning crew to fix the place up and use money from Toni's account to pay everyone.
Okay guys, first and foremost, I just want to apologize on how long it took me to get this chapter out. I'm a college student, so my homework sadly has to come first, and lately I've been getting a whole lot of it.I have also been sick the last few weeks, so that hasn't been all that great. This chapter is also over 1000 words, but it really doesn't seem like it while putting it all the chapter text box here. Again, sorry for the wait on this chapter, and I will try to have the next one out soon!
“Excuse me?” Steve asked, confused.
“I don’t really give a shit, Captain. I’m missing two people. People I needed here. I don’t give a shit about the girl,” Fury responded. Toni stood in the doorway with her arms crossed. “Oh look, she shows up. Sit down.”
“Jesus Barton, calm down,” Toni said.
“Wow, rude as hell, I’m just trying to speak. Hi, I’m Nova. Nova Stark,” Nova said to the man.
“Personally? So she knows who they are?”
“Of course my darling. I shall leave you and Thor with her for only a few minutes. Odin must not become suspicious,” Frigga warned. Thor nodded, and the nurse handed the child to Loki. The nurse and Frigga then left the room.
“It’s nice to meet you as well Nova,” Bruce said, shaking the teen’s hand. He looked at Natasha, “Uh, is having a kid here a good idea?”
“It looks like everything is steady... Right?” Pepper asked.
“Oh my gosh!” was all Nova could get out before getting a glare from Rosalinda. The woman staring at her was the one and only Toni Stark.
“Yeah well so is this!” Toni shouted. She groaned and paced to the other side of the room. “You, Point Break, are the father to my
“Well yes, I was the one who installed it. So how does it feel to be a genius Pep?”
“Mom!” Nova said excitedly. Pepper turned around to look as well, and shook her head once more. When Toni entered the Expo, she was greeted with applause.
“Sorry...” Bruce said.
“Excuse me?” Bruce said, stopping his work.
“So you want to tell me what the hell is going on?” Fury’s voice said, almost threatening-like.
“Darling, we may not be able to give our child all of our love, but we can at least give her a name out of love,” Thor replied, taking Loki’s hand in his.
“A higher form?!” Toni and Steve asked at the same time.
“Hey Noves. You need to be in your room this is super important stuff,” Toni said.
“I am only here to free your people.”
Frigga nodded and motioned for her children to follow.
“Pepper!” Nova yelled.
“Oh, it is so on, girl,” Toni said. Nova was up in an instant and the two began running around the unfinished tower.
Everyone stopped arguing and sat back down. The rest of the meal was eaten in silence. After everyone was finished, Nova picked up the extra wrap and walked outside towards Loki.
“Freedom itself.”
“Nova, just where has Toni been?” another reporter asked, getting very close to Nova. Nova tried backing away from the man but only bumped into more reporters with similar questions.
“Do not touch me again,” Thor said, standing up.
*****
“I said he doesn’t deserve food. Let him starve, that’s what he deserves,” Clint said, taking another bite.
With a lot of convincing, and an ungodly amount of more testing, Nova was finally able to leave the base. She was due to start sophomore year within the next week, and Nova couldn’t be more excited. Toni was nervous, her kid was going to be a sophomore and the said kid had just turned thirteen last month!
, but when it comes to my daughter, I sure as hell do,” Toni replied. She briskly walked out of the room and made her way down to where Nova was.
“Well, let’s go find your aunt okay, Peter? I’m Nova,” Nova said with a smile.
“She’s looking for her daughter. She and Thor disappeared before Loki escaped,” Steve explained.
“Put the suit on and lets go a few rounds,” Steve said, getting closer to Toni. The two glared daggers at the other.
Thor and Toni crashed into the forest. Toni lifted up her faceplate to talk.
“It seems to run on some sort of electricity,” Steve replied.
“I remember telling my dad that once. He told me that if it was so easy, why hadn’t I just left for college yet. I graduated from high school a couple of months later and left for college,” Toni replied.
Toni began making her way back to where her suit storage was. She put her helmet back on. No one could see her cry that way, right?
“I send that bird out, we already have,” Fury said, ending the call. He shook his head.
“Why did you get two wraps?” Natasha asked Nova.
” Jarvis said.
“Well, you
*****
Nova followed April out the room and down the stairs to the main floor study area. When they arrived, Nova noticed the woman her friend had been talking about; she was talking to Mother Rosalinda about Nova herself.
“No I don’t want it green! What do I have to apologize for?” Pepper yelled. Toni couldn’t help but break down laughing.
Natalie stopped and turned to look at Nova, “I am from Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division, but we are also known as S.H.I.E.L.D. My real name is Natasha. I am trying to help your mom out, and to do that, I need to get you to a protected area. I know it is a lot to process right now, but i need you to trust me okay?”
“I couldn’t just stand there! I had to help!” Nova said back. The look she got back from Pepper was dangerous.
“Hey, she’s just a kid give her a damn break. It isn’t like I can teach her how to use her magic. You saw exactly what I saw. I’m sure you can start building more on that empty folder,” Toni said, helping Nova to her feet.
,” Jarvis said through her helmet.
. I got better and wanted to help others get better, and you had to drag me back into this shit show. You are putting everyone at risk having me on this ship! You want to know how I stay calm Agent Romanov? Want to know my secret?”
So, while Thor and Nova got their little reunion, Loki and Nova's wasn't that great. I rewrote this chapter few times, but when I started thinking about it, Loki was being controlled. Obviously Nova is his weakness and it shows, but it wasn't enough to break the spell on him... yet. But don't worry, they will get a real one.
“I don’t see a problem with that, but you need to change into some regular clothes first,” Toni replied. A few minutes later, an armored vehicle and four black SUVs pulled up. About a dozen agents came out of the vehicles and took a hold of Loki. Nova felt bad, but she knew she couldn’t do anything. Not here anyway. Fury and Maria stepped out of one of the vehicles and made their way to Toni, Nova, and Thor.
“We need a plan of attack!” Steve shouted.
“I hope they have me stowed away,” Loki groaned.
As soon as the baby’s cry was heard, Frigga used her seidr to cast a spell on the nurse.
“And she has your eyes, dear,” Loki said fondly. She stopped watching them for a moment to craft something with her seidr.
“While you are a lovely woman, Woman of Iron, I have never bedded you. I would have remembered surely,” Thor said. Steve walked back into the room.
“The cell was just to-”
“Love you,” Nova smiled.
“Put on the suit,” Steve said once more. Bruce then noticed something on the monitors.
“Ah, Helen, I am so glad you could make it. Nobody knows what’s going on with Nova. She wakes up with these bruises, or she’ll wake up screaming in the night because it feels like she’s dying. I really need your help,” Toni said as Dr. Helen Cho followed Toni into the house.
Nova gave Thor a smirk, “Yeah, apparently. I need a plan, you know, so save him.”
“I could sure try, Nat, but I don’t think it will go very far,” Nova laughed. Suddenly, there was a bolt of lightning, and thunder in the air. Thor landed nearby.
After that, the two worked in silence until Bruce noticed something, “The Gamma radiation on this is lines up with Selvig’s research on the Tesseract. This is going to take weeks to process. All I brought was a toothbrush.”
“Oh, Phil, you crack me up! I’ll probably get through about half of these just tonight and part of tomorrow. I’m a pretty fast reader,” Nova giggled and made her way out of her bedroom.
“He’s building a portal. That’s what he needs Erik Selvig for,” Bruce commented.
The two stopped immediately and looked at Nova. Toni spoke up, “You are totally grounded.”
!” Loki roared. He started to walk away from Thor. “I have seen places you never would have dreamed of Thor. I have grown since my exile. I have seen the
!” Toni said next.
“I understand... I just wish you would have done something. You were obviously just on Earth; did it not occur to you that I would be somewhere here?” Nova asked.
“I totally thought we were having a moment, Pep,” Toni whined.
“Toni, I would love to be adopted by you,” Nova said, wiping her tears from her eyes.
“Seriously Toni?”
” Jarvis stopped.
Speaking of Nova, she was currently almost done with her senior year. The girl wasn’t joking when she told Toni she was going to be done fast. Nova was set to graduate in mid-December. She was extremely proud of her daughter; especially when she knew she was doing great in school.
“Nova?” Toni asked, removing her helmet.
“I am sorry, Thor. There is no fixing what I have done. I love you,” Loki said and let go of the staff.
“Nova are you in here?” a woman’s voice rang out. It was Natalie Rushman, Toni’s new assistant.
pretty old, so…” Nova trailed off with a smirk.
“Is everyone okay?” Nova asked, worry creeping into her words.
“How long do I have?” Toni asked.
*****
When she made it outside, all there was, was chaos. Nova ran towards the crowd of people; the Hammer drones were everywhere. Nova looked out into the crowd and saw a boy all by himself. He had a mask that looked just like Toni’s Iron Man helmet. A hammer drone was coming up on the kid. Nova started running in the boy’s direction when she saw him put his hand up. That’s when Nova then saw Toni land behind the kid and shoot the drone down. She heard Toni say something but wasn’t able to make out what she said; Toni flew away after that, Rhodey and the rest of the drones following her.
” Nova said.
“I’m gonna be honest every time you talk, I dislike you more and more,” Nova said. Toni gave Nova a shocked look.
“Okay, prove it then, just put the hammer down,” Steve said.
“Hey, Stark, we got him,” Steve said.
“She is half of what he is. We don’t even know her complete parentage. A town was flattened because someone had a grudge against him. We are not alone in this universe, and we are hopelessly and hilariously out-gunned.” Nova gave Thor a panicked look when Fury mentioned her parentage.
“No! She isn’t on the Helicarrier. Jarvis, scan the Helicarrier for Thor,” Toni said.
Nova stood there, trying to decide what to do. She knew she couldn’t stand there forever, so when Pepper wasn’t looking, she ran for the nearest exit.
“These following months are going to be hard on the both of you. Loki will be going through some changes, both physically and emotionally. She is going to need you to be there for her. Promise me you will be there for her,” Frigga said.
Title is from the song Take Me Home by Cash Cash featuring Bebe Rexha.
*****
“Odin please be light with them,” Frigga begged her husband. Thor looked at his father from where he was on the floor with Loki.
“If you find Nova, Thor, tell her I never stopped thinking of her,” Loki said, tearing brimming his eyes.
“Nova. You were fast asleep when I found it. Thor… would you like to hold her before mother comes to take her?” Loki asked. Thor looked at her fondly and nodded slightly. “Make sure you support her head you oaf.”
“There was a fight last night at the mansion. Between Toni and James Rhodes,” Phil said.
“Yeah? Get in line buddy,” Clint said.
Toni knew she was going to get reamed for it, but she flew down the hallways anyway. She couldn’t do much more damage than there already was.
“Jarvis deploy!” Toni shouted. Loki threw the woman out the window; a suit flew out from the wall and followed Toni down. Loki watched as it met her, and Toni flew back to him. “See, the Avengers weren’t the only ones you pissed off. First, you pissed off a good friend of mine. His name was Phil.”
I thought about waiting to post this chapter until the weekend, but I decided against it. Y'all deserve it :)
“I will bring you somewhere safe, as it is not safe there anymore. Where can I take you?” Thor asked. Nova became visibly upset at that.
“Oh my god. I’m sorry. Now change my hair back!” Pepper exclaimed. Nova raised an eyebrow and motioned for Pepper to say more. “ Ugh. Please.”
“I caught his act in Stuttgart,” Steve replied.
someone touches it, they get shocked,” Nova explained. Toni scratched her head a little, thinking.
“What the hell is she doing now?” Fury asked and was immediately shushed by the other three people.
“So that’s what it does,” Phil said.
“It.. hurts,” Nova grimaced. Her left arm started turning blue from her elbow to the tips of her fingers.
“I’m the CEO of your mom’s industry. I have to at least look presentable,” Pepper replied.
“We will find you Nova. I promise,” Loki said through tears. She watched as Thor handed their daughter to another woman. As much as Thor didn’t want to admit, he was crying as well. After Thor handed Nova over, the babe started wailing. But just like that, the crying was gone and so was Nova.
“He is being controlled just like Clint was. He is being controlled by a higher power. When he found out who I was, he snapped out of it for just a moment. His eyes changed and his face softened for just a second, but I caught it,” Nova replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
Loki ran her fingers through Thor’s hair and sighed. She then laid her other hand on her stomach and whispered, “Nova.” A soft kick was the reply Loki got.
“Aw, you could what Nicky?” Toni stalked in quietly, smirk on her face. Nova stood next to her giggling.
“I had a feeling. About him,” Bruce said, referring to Loki.
“Well, you guys need to get Loki back. If Thor frees him or kills him the Tesseract is gone,” Natasha said.
“Exactly, divide and conquer. He needs us gone to win, his one weakness, gone. He wants to beat us and wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience,” Toni said next.
“He is a friend,” Thor said.
“Of course I did. Why would I not? You are the mother-” Thor was cut off.
“Right. Well, point me in the direction to her, I’ll see if I can find out what’s wrong,” Dr. Cho said with a small smile.
“No thanks. I’ve read through my books, and I’m extremely bored. Can I just please help you find the Tesseract? Please?” the teen asked.
“Well, she saved herself, Toni. Maybe if you had made it just in time, she would’ve still made the force field. You never know,” Pepper replied.
“We may be able to save him from himself, however he will be dealt with severely by my father. He was light with our punishment when it came to you; we got to be together the entire time. His punishment for this will not be,” Thor frowned.
“For?” Nova asked. Toni tapped the arc reactor. Nova suddenly got excited, “Are you serious? Oh my God!”
“I wasn’t fast enough. I didn’t reach you in time. Nova, your eyes,” Toni said. Nova tilted her head a little. “They’re green. Like, bright green, glowing almost.”
*****
“Too bad. I wasn’t asking,” Rhodey laughed as his helmet came back on, and he flew away.
“Yeah, little lady in a suit of armor. Take that off and what are you?” Steve asked.
“Find more about whoever this folder should be about,” Toni said, throwing it in Fury’s direction.
” Pepper said.
“You didn’t let me down. You just saved everyone
“How is it looking up there?” Steve asked Thor.
Steve gave his orders out, and everyone dispersed out into the city.
“Would I be able to do some tests on it? Just to see what it might be?” Toni asked. Nova only nodded her head. “Perfect. Now let's get a move on sista’, we’ve got a full agenda ahead of us.”
“Are you okay? I’m so sorry, they surrounded you so fast,” Pepper said, still hugging Nova.
“Oh, come on,” Nova deadpanned.
*****
“I mean, we could negotiate for fifteen?” Toni asked.
“I’m fine. Are you okay?” Toni asked.
“I need you two to come. Other business,” Fury said. He motioned toward the car, “Get in.”
Enjoy the chapter!!
*****
Please enjoy this chapter!
“Phil!” Nova cried out. She hit the glass and made a bigger crack. Phil fell to the ground and Loki went back to the panel; he pressed a few buttons so the floor would open below the container. Thor grabbed Nova as Loki hit the button to make the container fall from the Helicarrier.
“I don’t think-” Loki was blasted by the weapon Phil had in his hands before he could finish. Loki went through a wall.
“Toni, she will be fine, stop worrying. Thor’s missing too; I’m sure Nova is with him,” Natasha replied. “You should’ve left her with Pepper; I’m sure she would’ve taken Nova with her. That was your first mistake in all of this.”
“Dr. Banner now would be a very good time for you to get angry,” Steve said. Bruce turned towards him, a smirk on his face.
“I think I’ll be okay. I was in Calcutta,” Bruce replied.
“Ah, Nova! It is good to see you!” the god said cheerily. Nova gave him a smile.
“May I speak to Nova privately, Ma’am?” Toni asked, standing up a little straighter; she was shorter than Rosalinda but was much more intimidating.
“Everything is great. Nova, I wanted to know if I could adopt you?” Toni asked the girl.
“One for me one for him,” Nova said, throwing her thumb back towards where Loki was sitting outside. Clint mumbled something under his breath. “What did you just say?”
“No, but there was a girl he talked about sometimes. A cellist... He was such an idiot,” Toni said shaking her head.
Before Steve could answer, Fury’s voice came over the comms, “
*****
“Yep, pretty much. I wasn’t supposed to have these powers until I was sixteen but something happened, so I got them early,” Nova said.
*****
“This is Nova,” Toni said, her voice steady. The girl looked from Toni to Thor. Thor backed up in disbelief, and Nova’s mouth hung open.
“Let us see the child,” Frigga said, motioning to the nurse.
“Honestly? I have no clue. Pep, I thought I lost her. I have to make my suits faster,” Toni replied.
“Exactly. We have noticed some similarities between Nova and the case we had in New Mexico last month,” Fury said. He slid two folders over to Toni; she figured one for Nova’s mother and Nova’s father. “We are only giving you the information to that case because it might involve your daughter.”
“Ugh, I wish there was some way I could figure out if you are actually doing okay after all of that. My phone probably won’t work there,” Nova said sadly.
“By the Gods,” Loki grunted. Three bullets had hit his right shoulder. Loki was getting ready to heal his wound, but it was already healing itself. On the outside, Loki was unfazed, but deep down he knew. His daughter was here, alive, and he planned to find her once he was no longer his own prisoner.
“Stark, what the hell are you doing?” Fury asked. “Oh look, the reunion finally happened.”
“I... he... this man doesn’t look familiar at all,” Nova muttered. She read silently until she got to his title. “’God of Thunder’. I don’t think I can control the thunder?”
Loki came out of his trance, “It’s... it’s too late, Thor. No one can stop this.” Loki looked out onto the city and locked on Nova, who wasn’t too far from Stark Tower battling his army. A grief-stricken look covered his face.
“Yeah. I’m a little nervous. I mean, Odin didn’t want me around for a reason. I don’t know why, but I want to find out. I had to go almost fifteen years without knowing my birth parents,” Nova said.
“You forced our hand! We had to come up with-!” Fury said.
Title is from the song Coming Home by Diddy
“I would love for you to see Asgard, but I do not believe you should-”
“Why the hell did your arm turn blue, and why is it that your bloodwork comes back saying you aren’t human. That’s what I mean,” Fury was standing now, making his way towards Nova. She shrunk down a little into the bed. “Either you gotta tell me, or I’m gonna have to call Stark.”
“Wait, like-”
“I’m sorry… I grew up in an orphanage. I didn’t know…” Nova said sadly.
“No, it does. That’s Loki’s point, hit us right where we live... but why?” Toni asked. She began to think back on everything that was happening, when one memory stood out the most. “Holy shit, Nova.”
“Just cause I’m a kid, doesn’t mean I don’t know what is going on. I’m twelve, almost thirteen, and I will be going into my sophomore year of high school in the fall,” Nova replied.
“So how are we going to do this?” Natasha asked.
“Uh, no, I don’t think so,” Toni said, walking towards Rhodey.
,” Toni said.
“Of course, right this way,” Toni said as she began walking down the hall. “There’s one more thing, these bruises and marks she’s getting, they always seem to disappear within a few hours to just less than a day.”
“I’m okay, baby. I was scared too, but it is all over now. I’ll see you when I get home okay?” Toni said.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
“You okay over there kid?” Steve asked.
“No way! Your Toni Stark’s daughter!” Peter said, eyes bright and wide.
“Uh, no, mine is cooler because I went old school,” Toni said, crossing her arms.
“So be it then,” Thor replied and the two began to battle.
,” Natasha said before the com went silent.
“We aren’t sure. Thor said he would be back, and we’ve been keeping an eye on the people he was with,” Phil replied. Toni sighed and picked the first folder back up.
“Are you okay? Natalie told me you were on your way home with a bodyguard?” Toni asked.
“I am deeply sorry. We were fools that night, and did not properly protect ourselves like we should have. Loki soon found out he was with child, and he came to tell me. One of the warriors, someone who I saw as a friend, told our- I mean my father. He punished us for it, but I guess we were lucky we weren’t banished for it,” Thor continued.
“Uh, yeah, bad call babe. He love his hammer!” Toni shouted. Steve threw Toni a dirty look that was meant to say ‘stop’.
,” Jarvis replied. Toni did as the AI said and stopped at the door. She removed her helmet and walked through the door. Natasha was sitting next to a passed out Clint
*****
,” Jarvis replied.
“Hey kid, I need you to come with me,” Natasha said, grabbing Nova’s forearm.
On the bridge, Natasha, Steve, Maria, Thor and Bruce listened to Fury speak with Loki while the villain was in his chamber. Bruce was uneasy with his sudden realization, and he needed to speak to Fury about it, preferably alone and away from Toni. He wasn’t sure if he completely trusted the woman yet. After Fury left Loki, Bruce said, “Well, he really grows on you, doesn’t he?”
“Different?” Natasha asked. Bruce nodded. “Yeah, it is. But they are literally the same person. Let’s go.”
“Stop. Stop with the ‘What ifs’. Your daughter is fine, and so are you. Did Coulson have anyone? Was he married?” Steve asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So Toni has a kid. That’s kinda...” Bruce started.
“Your heroes are scattered, and your floating fortress is falling from the sky. Where is my disadvantage?”
After Toni brought Nova to Fury at the beginning of June, the scientists began running test after test on the girl. Toni absolutely hated seeing Nova being treated like a lab rat, but Nova knew it needed to be done. There had been three outbursts since she had gotten there. It was mainly because Nova would get angry about something, and the anger would fuel whatever was inside of her. The agents, specifically Fury, Natasha, and Phil, were keeping her out of the loop of what was going on. But the worst thing about all of it, Toni was keeping it all from her, too.
“Cap, he’s all over the place I can’t get a shot,” Natasha said through the coms.
“Well, let us look at female
“You father claims to know all, but he really does not. I can use my seidr to help coax the nurses to help me,” Frigga winked. Loki gave the woman a giant hug continuously thanking her. “Go rest my love. I need to speak to Thor about something.”
“I... We have unfinished business with Loki,” Thor said, referring to him and Nova. She shared a look with him; an idea was forming in her head.
“The power around the cube is impenetrable,” Thor said throwing Mjolnir to the ground.
“Is that a new suit. Is that what she’s been doing these last few days?” Pepper asked. Nova gave a big smile to Toni, even if the genius couldn’t see her.
“Would it be alright if I just accompanied you and my daughter?” Thor asked.
“How she used to be?” Toni asked. Her question wasn’t answered though, because Fury came into the room.
“Wait,” Thor started. “Loki made you a necklace. One that was never to be removed. How did you remove it?”
“-Were a damn time bomb!” Bruce shouted.
“I am here to bring Loki’s schemes to an end!” Thor yelled.
“Alright, all the relays are intact,” Steve said next. He pushed the panel back in, “What’s our next move?”
“As I asked before, I am
“For my sake I hope so, too,” Clint said, walking past the trio towards a black car. Natasha wasn’t too far behind him.
Phil nervously laughed, “You really are a mini Stark.” The man patted Nova’s back before getting up to leave. Right before he left the room, Nova called for him.
“Don’t worry about that stuff, my friends here are gonna make sure to grab it all,” Natalie said. A few men entered the room and started gathering everything that was Nova’s and Toni’s.
“Genius, billionaire, playgirl, philanthropist,” Toni said, sizing Steve up.
“What the hell  do you mean ‘not right’ Jarvis? What’s wrong with her?” Toni asked, both angry and worried. Everyone was so focused on listening to Jarvis, that they didn’t notice Nova waking up.
“I told you not to mention
Odin yelled. Loki fell to her knees; Thor immediately knelt beside her to make sure she was okay. “Because of both of your foolish actions a life shall be brought into this realm. Because of you actions, there
"You know, it all makes sense now. Why you favored Thor all those years ago before we coupled. No matter how much you claimed to love me, you couldn't ever have a Frost Giant sitting on the Throne of Asgard! That is the real reason you took our daughter away from us!" Loki exclaimed. Loki was now up in Odin’s face, but before Loki could register what was going on, Odin was falling to the ground. He had fallen into Odinsleep. Loki stared for a couple of moments before calling for help. As the guards arrived, Loki took a seat of the steps to the vault, and shed a few tears.
“He turns,” Maria replied with attitude. Toni began looking through the display and secretly stuck something underneath it. As Toni started talking about thermonuclear astrophysics with Bruce, Fury walked in.
” Fury said to Toni over the comms.
“Pep, she called me mom…” Toni said to which Pepper gave a sad smile. Toni sighed again. Maybe a party would help relieve some stress.
“That sounds like the phoniest shit I’ve ever heard,” Fury said, unimpressed. Nova sighed.
After spending two weeks on Earth, Thor was ready to go back to Asgard. Sure, he was worried about Nova and Loki going back, but he just didn’t want to be on the planet anymore. It started with going to the Helicarrier and speaking with Fury about Nova and her parentage. Now
?” Nova started.
“Oh look, that army!” Toni said, flying back out.
“You should know my name. You are the one that gave it to me and all,” Nova said, seemingly calm. She was secretly freaking out, but she couldn’t let Loki see that. Loki took a step back and looked up towards Thor. Nova noticed for a moment that Loki’s eyes changed from blue to green then back to blue. He had had a moment of weakness.
“Where is my daughter Romanov?” Toni asked.
see what he did?”
having another child,” Loki said before finally pushing for the last time.
“That’s good right? That she’s okay?” Steve asked.
“Mr. Coulson?” Nova called out. Phil walked into the room a moment later.
“Nova, you can call me Phil if  you would like. What do you need?” the man asked.
“I am the All-Father, boy. I know everything that happens in the nine realms,” Odin replied to his son. “Frigga, take Thor and Loki to where they will be staying for the following months.”
“Okay, so I wasn’t at a friend’s house. Phil brought me to a S.H.I.E.L.D. base. I kind of went out exploring, and , long story short, I collapsed, my arm turned that color blue, my eyes were green for a second, and Mr. Fury found me. He also knows I’m not human,” Nova explained nonchalantly. Toni looked over in Pepper’s direction, with a look of confusion.
Toni was pushing the rotors faster and faster by the second. After what seemed like forever, the Helicarrier leveled off and the rotor began running by itself again.
Toni stood where the glass cage built for Banner was; her phone suddenly rang. Toni saw the caller I.D. and immediately answered.
“This doesn’t need to get any messier sir,” Fury said.
“What’s going on here? Are you alright?” Fury was asking Nova, trying to get a look at the girl.
“Hi Phil! Hi Nick!” Nova said with a bright smile. Phil gave a smile and a nod.
, the demi-god.”
“You love it. Anyway, I am redesigning the tower. Hopefully when you get back, it’ll be the Avengers Tower. And I have some doctor’s appointments coming up.”
“She is going to be a mini Stark,” Phil said to himself. He shook his head, picked up as many books as he could, and followed the girl.
“How come you’re here? I don’t want to sound rude or anything, I just don’t know why you’d come to an orphanage all the way in Brooklyn, New York. Don’t you live all the way over in Malibu, California?” Nova asked.
,” Toni said through her suit. The woman turned the corner and destroyed more Chitauri.
“Okay… what’s going on?” Nova asked, suddenly worried.
“I wasn’t going to tell you, but he told me I needed to. I was going to surprise you when you got back,” Toni said.
“Hmm… I wonder,” Nova stopped writing. She drew her seidr out and surrounded the necklace with it. Loki never explained to her how to retrieve the messages; he just said to use her seidr. She concentrated hard, focusing all of her attention to it. Within a few seconds, a small yellow light escaped the necklace. Nova stopped and watched as the light began spinning in a circle, creating a visual and audio message.
Nova screamed as she and Thor fall. The two bounced around in the container, but Thor never let Nova actually get hit by anything. Once he got his footing, Thor launched off of the glass and broke through. With Nova still in his arms, Thor crash landed on his back into the ground. Mjolnir hit the ground soon after and made it look like a meteor hit the ground.
“What are you making?” Thor asked.
Loki turned back around with a glare on his face. Toni continued, “And you sir, just happened to piss every single one of them off.”
“On it,” Toni said. She closed her faceplate back up and walked towards the ramp.
Nova was currently on a Stark laptop at the kitchen island, while Toni was on the other side of the island eating an omelette.
“I am sorry,” Thor said, looking down.
“Wow. I, uh…” Phil was speechless.
“Yeah, I’m pretty happy I didn’t die,” Toni commented.
“You better be,” Pepper said, trying to sound threatening. The redhead didn’t notice Nova’s hand movements while she spoke, but Nova was definitely up to something. Toni noticed, however, and started to snicker. Pepper looked at her. “And what’s so funny Toni. This is a serious matter!”
“I don’t know Toni. She’s your kid,” Pepper said, standing up to leave the room. Toni looked back over to Nova, who was currently making herself toast.
on her way back to Malibu, but she was actually with Phil. They would be going to the mansion to pick up some clothes, and they would be going to the base Natasha and Phil reported to.
“Has what, J?”
Okay, so like I mentioned in my last note on the previous chapter, I had to fix some dates. I didn't realize I put my first draft in until I was rereading it. So a recap: Nova was born in July of 1997. Also, thank you so much for the kudos! Please enjoy Chapter 3 of Home!
“This is beyond, metal woman. Loki will face Asgardian judgement.”
“You are doing great my love, just keep going,” Frigga said, brushing some hairs away from Loki’s face. Loki groaned as she pushed again.
Then suddenly, there was a large explosion a few blocks down. Nova looked over in that direction; Toni must’ve been there. Instead of going back towards the entrance of the Expo, Nova curiously walked the other way.
Hey guys, so those who have started reading already, I had to go back and change a couple of dates. I realized I put the wrong draft up, but everything has been fixed. Thanks! :)
“Am I?” Loki asked, smirk on his face.
“My mother never told us where she was going to take you. We had no way of finding out. I am sorry, Nova,” Thor responded sadly.
“Stark! I’m here,” Steve said over the comms. Toni flew up to the engine.
“Or what? Are you going to enslave me like he did?”
“Yes, I do. In fact, if your girl hadn’t showed up, this wouldn’t be happening. So, please now, go away. Thank you,” the man said, throwing his hands up. He walked back over to the tech people.
had been a conversation. Then, it was meeting Pepper; he hadn’t even been able to introduce himself before he had gotten smacked by the red head. She had mistaken him for Loki. When they got back to the tower, it had been the small things. Thor still didn’t quite understand why is
“Are you nuts?” Steve asked.
“Nova, your necklace. It’s broken,” Toni said. Nova felt at her neck and felt that the necklace had split into two.
“Thor wait it’s a-” Nova wasn’t able to finish. She was being lifted into the air and into the cell behind Thor. The door shut quickly.
*****
“This is between me and him. If I want you to know what is said, I’ll tell you about it,” Nova said, using her magic to take the listening device from Toni’s hand. Toni turned around with shock written on her face.
“You are doing magnificent Loki,” Loki heard Thor say to her.
“I just solved something that’s been eating me alive for the past few years. That’s why Nova was with Thor, she was going to confront Loki. That little shit,” Toni rubbed her face a little.
“Is everything okay?” Nova asked.
“I would never, ever, do something like that to you. I promise you. I’ll even pinky promise, that means forever right?” Toni asked with a smile. The comment made Nova giggle a little, and the girl nodded.
“Gone,” Thor lied.
“‘Tis alright. We will make our way back up there,” Thor said, putting a hand on Nova’s shoulder.
“Make a move reindeer games,” Toni said. Loki’s helmet and Asgardian clothes disappeared. “Good move.”
“What…” Nova muttered.
In the next room, Nova was beginning to wake up. She sat up straight and stretched her arms up as high as she could.
“Okay. Are we done here?” Steve asked, standing up. Thor and Toni both nodded. “Good. Now let’s get Loki and go back.”
“Good, cause I’ve got business after this,” Toni replied.
Toni was getting ready to start pushing the rotor when Fury came over the comms, “
“Shall we go play, Doctor?” Toni asked. She used her suggestive tone towards Bruce, and Steve almost seemed to be jealous because of it.
*****
Something changed after they came to Malibu, though; Nova was somehow getting hurt all the time. Toni, being the worried, mother hen she was, called in someone who she thought could maybe help figure out what was going on.
*****
"No... So I am no more than another stolen relic? Locked up, here, until you might have use of me,” Loki said, getting more and more angry.
“It’s Loki isn’t it?” Bruce asked in slight fear.
Steve turned back to look at the woman; he could tell she had been crying but was trying to act like she hadn’t been. Toni made her way to the spot next to Steve and sunk into the chair.
,” Jarvis replied.
*****
“Yeah, we are good here... Bruce we’re good right?” Natasha asked. Bruce continued to groan in pain.
“Maybe we shouldn’t be focusing so much on Loki. His brain is like a bag full of cats, you can smell the crazy,” Bruce said.
“Oh, Loki, she is beautiful,” Thor spoke, looking down at his daughter.
Toni got up in Steve’s face, “Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me, Rogers.”
“Thank you mother. I shall let Loki know in a few hours after she rests. You should probably go back before father gets suspicious,” Thor replied. Frigga nodded swiftly, kissed her son’s forehead, and said her goodbyes.
“It’s, ah… no problem, I guess,” Bruce said. He awkwardly walked over to Natasha and Clint, who had not said a word to anyone else since they arrived.
,” Bruce said. Everyone went silent. “I got low, okay? I didn’t see an end so I put a bullet in my mouth, but the other guy
Pressing his hand to the reactor that felt cold to his fingers even through the hoodey, Steve sat up and listened. He didn't imagine it, there was a call, quiet, but insistent, almost like back in Tony's lab, except for one thing – it felt more direct. Almost conscious.
"The wayward son returns," Tony announced, his voice mocking. Hank frowned, and Janet passed Steve by and tapped Hank on his cheek lovingly, which required her to get up on her tiptoes. Hank tried to move away, but Janet grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, forced him to lean down and started whispering something, almost touching his ear with her lips. Steve tactfully looked away.
"Clint, for instance."
The ghem-colonel, as it turned out, was quite good at picking those up.
"What about it?" Tony said back, confused.
Janet lied down and hugged a pillow. When Steve came back with a blanket, she was already sleeping.
Steve looked away.
"I take any work," Bruce answered. He unzipped the sleeping bag, handed it to Steve and sat down near him, leaning on the wheel of the car. "Just to keep myself busy. I've delivered a baby of this guy's wife, and he gave me the pickup." He shuddered, "that was gross. I'd rather not do it again. But I've got some money, took it from my bank account before it got frozen."
"Let's leave my noble motives aside," said Faustus, softly, "and focus on the fact that it's possible. I'm offering you to come home, Steven."
"He was misbehaving and stayed back to have a supposedly serious conversation with somebody," Pepper shook her head. "So, the auction. You said you like art, so naturally, I had this idea, why not take you?”
"Yes, and my mother is anything but mundane," Stark agreed. "Alright, let's say you understood the haiku correctly. I have no chance of comprehending any of it, so I'm going to rely on your opinion. Let's say the Captain did spend a few years in cryosleep. The question now is, how many? And what led him to it in the first place – an injury? A need for disguise? Or something else? Am I even looking in the right place?"
“I swear this woman will be the death of me. She takes too damn long,” Fury said in an angry tone.
“She has the same colored hair as you,” Thor said lightly. He brushed his fingers over Nova’s head.
Thor and Loki crashed on a cliff and Thor threw Loki to the ground.
“Please, please. Go away, go away I’ve got this handled,” Hammer said, putting his arms up to try to keep Pepper away.
Toni walked down the landing pad, her armor coming off as she walked closer to the door. She stretched a little as the remaining armor was finally gone.
I just want to give a quick heads up, I am nearing the end of this book. I've been brainstorming a sequel and some one shots, though, so don't worry :)
“Good lord, Nova,
“Doesn’t really matter to me. As long as I can sleep for a while,” Pepper said. Nova yawned.
“Nova?” Phil called.
Nova sat on her bed writing down some things she wanted to do while in Asgard, if she had the chance. Thor was off galivanting New York, and Toni was with Pepper and Steve at the tower. She was also brainstorming ways to get Loki out of the mess he was currently in, but Nova didn’t know exactly what she was up against. She had never met Odin, but she knew he was powerful and cruel. As Nova wrote on her notebook, she fiddled with her necklace.
“You have no right to talk to me like that. She wanted to come with,” Toni said. “I didn’t think this would happen.”
Phil and Fury sat in the small conference room, waiting for Toni and Nova to show up. The two were already 45 minutes late ,and Fury was becoming impatient, as usual.
Title is from the song I Miss You by Blink-182
“Ugh,” Toni said and picked her phone up, “You have reached the Life Model Decoy of Natasha Antonietta Stark. Leave a message after the beep.”
“Sir, the entire building will collapse soon. He’s trying to bury us,” Clint said.
“Thanks for the offer, but the last time I was in New York, I kinda broke Harlem,” Bruce replied with a sad smile.
“You need to end this Loki! Turn off the Tesseract or I will!” Thor shouted.
“We both know that isn’t true. I’ll ask again but this time,” Nova said; she closed her eyes and transformed herself. She opened her eyes back up, her skin blue and eyes blood red. “Where. Is. My. Mother?”
It wasn’t until the art gallery incident that Tony had learned that the tiny whirlwind was an artist.  A very good and well-known artist.  One of the paintings in Pepper’s office was, in fact, one of his.  Of course, he also discovered that those tiny little cake forks were sharper than they really should be and a three piece Ermenegildo Zegna suit does not protect well from sharp objects.
Sensing an opening Tony gave Steve a sneaky grin, “You should come see Malibu again.”
“The police?  Little more than thugs and degenerates.  You are not helping your cause, Captain. I’m well aware of Anthony’s trivial affection for you but my dear friend, Obadiah, has put forth an offer for Anthony’s hand on behalf of his son.  Ezekiel Stane is a much better match for my son.”
Pepper raised a patient eyebrow, her lips quirked up in an unsurprised smile, “The man that sold you the painting in Brooklyn. That artist is having some paintings shown at the exhibit.”
“If I didn’t know you better, I’d think you three were planning my assassination,” Steve tilted his head at the woman across the room, acknowledging her with respect and smiling in amusement, his elongated incisors pronounced and unmistakable.
“Yeah, I painted her, she was my mom. You must be the man Mr. Erskine told me about. I owe you a great deal of thanks.”
Rhodey held up a hand before Tony could get really revved up with that line of thinking, “The King has already tried the political route and Pepper and Matt couldn't find a loophole for you to wiggle out of. If it makes you feel any better, judging by the messenger's face, the vampires aren’t thrilled with this development either. The message from King Rogers used the phrase ‘our marks are inconvenient’ or so I’ve heard.”
“Jess still mad about us not showing up to help?” Steve asked as he leaned back against the counter and picked up his cup of coffee.
Finally, after what felt like an eon, the large oak door swung open revealing the ever-professional Edwin Jarvis.
“Good riddance. Several of his aides have already admitted to some policy rigging and underhanded politics.” Howard’s eyes turned to Tony but quickly returned to Steve.
With Jan’s surprisingly strong grip on Tony’s forearm he marched dramatically into the family room.  Most of the team had already gathered for the impromptu movie night and Tony looked around at the three large sofas trying to decide where to sit.
“How about you go assist in R&D for the morning and after lunch I’ll take you out chair hunting?”
Peter and Jessica laughed at Clint’s comment and Tony frowned back.  Telgrafing every movement he turned his head to the side and smelled his armpit.  True, he smelled like burning metal and the tragic Finca El Injerto coffee he spilled on himself at some point in the past eleven hours, but he didn’t smell like BO (a fact he was midley surprised by not that he’d ever admit it).
Steve loved Tony, dearly, but waiting in line and being relatively unnoticeable were two skills the man did not possess.  Steve was changing his name and he wanted to do it himself, something Tony didn’t understand but thankfully didn’t badger Steve about too much.
Howard’s words were decisive, his lips turned up in a smirk as if hoped the words cut and went deep.  Steve wondered if he’d been waiting for Steve to come and ask permission before announcing he’s agreed to marry Tony off to the highest bidder.  That sounded exactly like something Howard would do.  Cold rage flooded through Steve’s body and before he could stop himself he put his hand on the hilt of his sword and gave Howard a cold stare.
“Are you -  Tony do you
Steve sat down on one of the many rocks, leaning back onto his elbow with a sigh. Tony’s eyed the way the blue léine grew taught across Steve’s shoulders and chest.  “Richards is not stupid.  He is the best engineer in this region.”
“Fat lot of good that does if he’s insisting the tradition be upheld.” Tony finally sat, fiddling nervously at the ornate china cup he’d been served his coffee in. “I don’t want to get married, I have never wanted to be married, and I have successfully thwarted four attempts to trap me in marriage.”
“Um, sorry? How much for what?” The man looked around at the various paintings and sculptures placed around the room, never once glancing at the masterpiece in his hand.
“Why are you up here anyways?  I thought Pepper had finally wrangled you into actually performing your duties on a semi-regular basis.”
Then what the woman said registered and he blinked widely. “I beg your pardon?”
. The first one that caught his eye was another portrait, but of a man this time. He was sitting farther from the away on the canvas, with most of his body above his waist visible. He was facing directly out at whoever viewed the painting, his dark blue eyes sharp and assessing. His brow was pronounced just enough to know this man was waiting - waiting to react - and he was probably going to win. He had long brown hair tied messily at his nape and his arms were crossed over his chest. The man's clothes were a pale brown and when Tony got closer he realized the man’s pants were desert cami’s, the shirt the same undershirt men and women deployed to the middle east wore under their uniform tops.
King Steven Rogers of Southern York was a bit more surprising in person, though, Tony admitted. For one he wasn’t a sickly pale white most pictures showed him to be, so Tony figured his pictures were getting the photoshop treatment in order to make him appear like the more ideal image of a vampire. Since Northern and Southern York were still technically at war - though the armistice had been in place since before Tony’s grandfather had been born - the royal families never saw each other in person. He’s been shocked at the healthy, golden glow to Steven’s skin when he’d received Tony’s entourage a week ago. He was also built like a truck and not lean and silvete like Tony had been told pure Vampires were. After just a few minutes in Steven’s presence he had really started to wonder who the hell the paparazzi was taking photos of to put on all those websites. The ones he didn’t search for.
Silence and stillness weighed heavily in the room for almost four seconds before Tony shot off the couch himself.
“Have a good day, Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
find me on Tumblr
The scent of oak trees and dew reached Steve’s nostrils causing him to inhale deeply. The scent of coffee buried deeper in the complex aroma that Steve recognized as belonging to his mate. For a second he felt his muscles relax knowing Tony was okay but then he caught the sharp tang of blood coming from the direction Tony had entered. He’d bared his teeth in a deathly promise at the piece of shit cowering below him before turning quickly to see how hurt Tony was.
“How was your full-moon run, Antonio?” Steve’s eyes were drawn back to his mate, pleased to see the other man’s eyes glowing with restrained, feral rage.
The gallery was in a converted brick factory with a large open exhibition room.  At the far end was a large iron staircase that led to the second floor galleries. Tony had abandoned the main floor rather quickly, the overly complicated mixed media sculptures dominating the space hadn’t been intriguing enough to get a closer look, nor the modge podge of canvases lining the walls of the first floor. The first gallery he wandered into on the second floor featured a lot of textiles and clear strings that relied on forced perspective to see.  Tony wandered the space fascinated by how the floating painting moved and changed depending on where he stood.
Now, as he looked at the lines marking the young man oblivious to the repercussions of him being seen on his own property, Steve saw the full disaster looming over him. He knew what the mark across the other man’s leg were, combined with the soul mark that ran from Steve’s right hip towards his navel they clearly made the shape of a tree, a stylized Gaelic oak tree.
Steve quickly took the steps up until he could pet at Tony’s cheek with his clean left hand.
Jarvis had slipped by Howard unnoticed and opened the door to the library.  Howard turned and walked through the door, fully expecting Steve to follow. Steve grit his teeth and took a calming breath.  Jarvis caught his eye and the older man nodded slightly as if encouraging him. Steve marched into the room like he had into war meetings only a couple of years ago.
“This is the information we are using to update your name. Please review it carefully and let me know if anything needs to be corrected.”
He automatically took it and put it back in his wallet. He’d pulled his wallet out of his other back pocket, put the card back, and slid the wallet home all before he’d remembered people were actively taking photos of his butt. He mentally slapped himself in the forehead, even as his phone buzzed with an incoming text - undoubtedly Tony telling him the hashtag #captain_america_gropes_his_own_ass is trending.
“No, no, and no. Stop being so damn dramatic and sit down,” Rhodey stirred the coffee in his cup for lack of anything else to do. His only option was to just passively deal with Tony’s tantrum or watch the prince pace back and forth like a zoo animal.
She just sighed before turning to him and folding her hands in front of her on her desk. “The current program we use to update names was released in 2003. At that time certain assumptions were made about the people using the program and those assumptions did not include people born in 1918 still requesting social security cards. When I put in your date of birth it creates an error.”
Abruptly Tony stood, his chair sliding several feet behind him.  “That’s idiotic, he’s not a danger to me.  For fucks sake, Pepper, this is why I haven’t seen him in five weeks?”
“I could, but I’m very busy with my royal responsibilities.” There was a combination of glee and fondness in her eyes but Tony had no doubt she was judging him harshly for some imagined slight.
“Not many CEO’s would find a 13 point drop in their stocks, or an 18-million-dollar quarterly loss as “good” things.”  Pepper looked down at the Stark pad in her hand.  “But don’t worry, we have plans to bring the stocks and sales up.  All of which, you agreed to with a nod when we asked about it.  You also agreed we should purchase several zoos and sell the animals to various foreign food markets to make some quick money.”
But before Tony could get really comfortable Steve was standing in front of him, a big, happy smile on his face showing off all his perfect pearly whites.  Like one of Pavlov’s dogs Tony instantly smiled up at the blond.  Belatedly he thought he might be more tired than he thought he was because he was reaching out and taking the remote Steve was offering before the warning bells in his head alerted him to something being off.
“Sir, I’m actually here to speak with Mr. Stark.”  Steve stood a little straighter and was proud his voice didn’t warble.
, Steve thought darkly. “I’ve decided Anthony should marry into the Stane family.”
“Well.” A voice spoke up from the doorway and Steve’s head whipped around to see Tony framed in the entrance.  His gold and red frock coat set off his skin beautifully, his dark hair oiled and swept away so that Steve could see the brilliance in his eyes.  Breath and heartbeat stopped as it always did when he saw Tony.
“Yeah!” Jan squealed from somewhere in the room.
All of her glares and annoyance was because he was so old it broke the computer program?  Steve was never going to tell Tony about this or he’d never hear the end of it.
“And what does a poor, former soldier have to offer my son?”  Howard sneered.
“Oh! Finally dry!”  Tony announced in excitement, looking down at the two legs his tail had transformed into.  He marveled at his toes, wiggling them in the air.  When he turned to Steve the blond’s eyes were carefully looking anywhere but at Tony and his cheeks had blotchy red spots on them.  Tony rolled his eyes at the weird human modesty.
“What brings you here, Captain?” Howard had a way of speaking so that even as he spoke to you it felt dismissive.  Steve remembered a few superiors during the war that had the same knack and it never failed to grate on his nerves.
“I don’t think I want to know.” Steve said miserably, his cheeks heating as he remembered the trip to the pharmacy.
Tony’s grin was wide and open and only for Steve before he turned and looked over his shoulder.  Steve could make out Jarvis and Maria in the hallway. “Mama, looks like you won’t get to plan a wedding since I’ll have to elope.”
Words: 495
three corpses from your jaws even after Bucky told you not to bother.”
Despite the no parking sign, he parked curbside, right in front of the gallery and walked through the glass front door.  The bell on the door jingled but Tony ignored it, he was a man on a mission.  He was halfway through the main gallery space when Steve Roger’s himself stepped out of an office near the back.  Tony felt himself smile as he took in the shorter man.  His blond hair was short, but his bangs were long enough to flop into his eyes.  He was almost unnaturally thin, and so short the top of his head would just be at Tony’s lips.  Steve’s jeans and white t-shirt were cover in splotches of paint as well as his fingertips.  There was even a smudge of blue paint on the side of his face as if he had rubbed his temples.
“Captain Rogers, I’m afraid Master Anthony is not currently at home.”  Jarvis was always polite but there was a glint in his eyes that made Steve nervous whenever he talked about Tony.  That glint made sure Steve never did anything inappropriate towards Tony more than anything Tony’s father said.  Not that Steve would ever do anything inappropriate.
3. Peter Parker just doesn't understand why the other Avengers could not come to trust Loki. He was a very polite god, a kind person and a strong Avenger, but most of all, he was his boyfriend, secretly of course, but still. Eventually, he decides he has had enough of it and wants to start a life away from his judgmental super hero family. Just him and the trickster. (A fic in which I will ATTEMPT to write a very dark Peter Parker (if that is even possible XD)
For subscribing and supporting this fic.
Thanks again for still hanging in there! Next chapter will be up in two days! :D
Steve turned around in nothing but his boxers, his jeans in his hands. He scoffed softly at the sight of his lover standing in the door way. Yes, he loved his warn-down couch, a game of football, a good dinner, and, of course, his boyfriend. ‘I’m sorry, sir, but this area is off limits for now.’ He teased while folding his pants and placed them neatly with the rest of his clothes.
It will be a Stony/Stucky fic with a very Dark, or rather, desperate, Tony. (lots of cute parts and lots of cruel parts)
‘… Your dad teaches you unusual wise lessons for your age.’ Bruce said as he looked at the raven with questioning eyes, helping him carry some of the stones.
The two stayed at the bottom of the stairs till Peter had no more tears to shed, a high pitched noise catching their attention. peter looked up from the blond’s chest, which was now damp with his tears.
‘There’s a note on the top of the box, sir.’
‘You keep your mouth shut, Winter.’ Natasha warned him as she crossed her arms, her expression dark.
I hardly dare to show my face again after letting you all wait for so so so long...
he pointed at the younger Peter. ‘you will be my brother Peter. And
‘He’s from Russia, so naturally we don’t have much on him,’ Sam continued, scrolling though the little information he could get on his tabled in hand. ‘James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes was sent to a boarding school by the age of seven. Now, I couldn’t find out what kind of school exactly but after that he became some sort of secret Russian military weapon and became notorious as the “Winter Soldier”. He was experimented on and when the officials found out about this the army wanted-’
Loki stared at  the former Air Force pararescue airman with wide open eyes, his mouth slightly ajar. ‘Sir…?’
Bucky remained silent for a moment as he just stared in front of him, feeling the still runny batter now slowly drip from his hair. He then took a deep breath and managed to conjure an expression on his face that was supposed to represent a forgiving smile. ‘No worries, kid.’ He said through tightly clenched teeth.
‘Yes,’ Loki mumbled but still wrapped an arm around her neck. ‘It is good to see you again.’ He then looked past the woman and saw the two other Avengers standing behind her, his eyes wide as he noticed their battle outfits.
Tony, Steve and Wanda now turned their gazes to the doctor, who looked back at them with an offended frown.
Steve sighed, but nodded. He always preferred to keep children out of these matters and he didn’t have any reasons to talk with Loki specifically. Not now, anyway. ‘We will leave you be,’ he gave Thor a genuine smile, causing the blond to uncomfortably smile back, somewhat. ‘Would you please ask Mister Barnes and Miss Potts to come to the police station as soon as they can?’
‘Fuck…’ he quickly jumped to his feet and paced up and down the room, hands tangled in his hair. This machine- this
Stane finally seemed to collect himself, his gaze completely focused on the doll’s azure eyes. They should be without soul, nothing but empty husks. Yet they were filled with pain, with fear and desolation. ‘Always those disgusting eyes,’ he straightened his jacked and moved a hand through his slightly tousled hair. ‘You want to know what happens to your little boy when we find him?’
‘Ant-man…’ Loki repeated, he looked at Peter and then back at Scott again. ‘Have you been eating ants when you were little?’ he asked in a suspicious whisper, squinting his eyes slightly.
‘Bingo,’ with a blink of the doctor’s eyes, the two were now in the lounge room, sitting on a lazy chair. ‘Now, about y-’
‘So what do you want to do now?’ Natasha asked as she sat down on the corner of the blond’s desk. ‘We still don’t know whether the victim was murdered or if it was just an accident.’
‘Wouldn’t be so sure if I were you,’ Bucky said as he cleaned his gun, ‘my shots are far better aimed. You know, for an archer, you really have poor eyesight.’
‘N-no,’ Peter reluctantly shook his head. ‘We still have time! I say we hurry up, find my dad, eat those stupid candies and we’ll be home before the party ends!’
As he watched down from an old oak tree, he saw a man sitting in the grass. He seemed concentrated, looking up from his lap and into the garden and back at his lap again. Climbing down some branches before letting himself fall to the ground, Loki made his way towards the stranger. He coughed in his hand, making sure the man would hear him, hoping he would not startle him like he did with Tony.
The Avengers turned around, meeting the gazes of Peter and Loki, both covered in mud, grass stains and brightly colored paint, Bruce standing behind them.
‘Stane!’ the teen shouted from the top of his lungs. ‘Stane! Open this door!’ He raised his fist to slam them against the wood. ‘Open the d-’
Stane merely raised his brow, unimpressed with the doll’s pleading blue eyes. ‘Did I tell you to stop?’
‘Well, I guess he can’t really get far… Thank god we installed that chip in his neck.’ Stane stared at his doll, wiping the blood from his ring before casually burying his hands in his pockets. ‘Come here.’
At that moment, Quill dashed forward, running into the store like he was chased by death himself. He agilely moved through the crowded aisles, taking sharp turns and spinning the cart every time he had the space to do so.
‘So, your name,’ he pointed at the dog tag. ‘Steven, right? I’m gonna call you Steve. ‘T suits you.’ Tony raised a brow, wondering why he was having a conversation with a sex doll. Yet he had to admit that talking with the blond did feel very natural and easy. It was like talking to Jarvis, or even another human.
‘Walt Disney sure has come a long way ever since the war,’ Steve said in wonder, collecting the large empty bowls which were filled with popcorn and chips. ‘I know him mostly by his training and educational animations for the military during the war, but this is much more fun to watch.’
Loki giggled, ‘I just wanted to say that I had a lot of fun today.’ He smiled brightly. ‘Also, from now on,
‘Are you questioning my good intentions, cap?’ Tony asked, pretending to be offended as he crossed his arms.
‘You know what, Thor, you’re right,’ Bucky nodded as he grinned, ‘Next time, I’ll give him a bell to play with.’
‘I don’t know,’ Tony shrugged tiredly, this whole case bothering him more than he would like to admit. ‘Maybe he’s scared that he would be send back to his home country? Maybe he just doesn’t want to get separated from Thor?’
‘I… I don’t know what to say, Tony,’ Stane sighed and turned his head after watching only a few seconds of one of Steve’s memories.
But as the captain let himself slumber against the wall and to the floor, the god’s smile faded. ‘Steven…?’
‘Nope, against Loki.’
Steve nodded, ‘Yes master.’
‘No, it’s not.’ Wanda continued, quickly wiping the tears from her cheeks. ‘Miss Potts, the landowner, she invited him to stay. He came here a lot.’
‘Lord of Stars,’ Thor greeted the Guardian as he opened the front door.
‘I think it is working,’ Peter whispered, noticing how the captain looked up at the playboy.
The playboy then quickly blinked his eyes to snap out of his reverie. He smirked, ‘Did you just sass me?’
‘But Thor, we always took baths together, remember? Hey, maybe you could join us!’ The trickster then looked at the witch again, ‘would that be to your liking, Lady Wanda?’
‘No, it’s fine.’ Tony quickly smiled. ‘Hate to say it but you’re right.’ An awkward silence fell in which Steve completely shut down again, making Tony sigh. ‘You don’t talk a lot, do you?’
‘She is of to work. I tried calling her, but she wouldn’t pick up her phone. Bucky is now going after her, it won’t be long before they’ll be back.’ The woman looked up at the two men, their questioning gaze causing her to continue with a sniffle. ‘Bucky Barnes. He lives and works here as well.’
‘Steve.’
‘Huh, that’s strange,’ Tony remarked and turned towards the ex-soldier who was standing next to Wanda. ‘Makes me wonder who was taking that shower.’
The doll didn’t react, other than to hold its breath.
‘Sure thing, Lo-, uh, little brother,’ the teen smiled, his eyes then quickly directed at Thor to check if he was okay with this, but the god merely smiled back.
‘Sugary drink?’ Tony frowned and he looked at the refrigerator, finding the empty can on the floor. ‘…shit.’ He sighed as he rubbed the bridge of his nose. ‘Okay, I’ve got a hyperactive god-child running circles in a workshop filled with weapons that could easily blow up the entire street,’ he mumbled as he wondered what to do next. There was no way the trickster could stay here, not like this at least, so he had to think of something to make him go away. A smirk then grew on Tony’s face as he suddenly came up with an idea.
‘This place…’ he started, voice low and heavy with emotions. ‘I wish- I really wish I could tell you what they want from you. Why you are here and what’s going to happen to you… but I can’t.’ He tried to stay calm, tried not to let Peter’s confused and desperate gaze get to him. ‘Stane adopted you, didn’t he?’
Thor nodded, wanting to turn back to his project again.
Peter’s thoughts drifted away as he quickly fell into a deep, restless sleep.
Peter looked passed the man, his smile slowly fainting as he spotted some scratch marks on the doorpost. They had damaged the wooden frame, splinters sticking out and a few dried drops of blood contrasting greatly with the white frame. ‘Do we… have a cat?’ he asked hesitantly, his hands clasped around the straps of his backpack.
The five Avengers raised their glasses and drank their champagne, Peter being the first to put his half-full glass back on the tray.
Hi everyone,
‘Captain, Falcon,’ Thor nodded at the two as he entered the training ground. He then looked at Steve with slightly squinted eyes. ‘I see you have decided to change the color of your hair.’ The god laughed, noticing the velvet dust coloring Steve’s blond hair in a weird shade of pink.
The soldier reluctantly walked along with the two towards the mansion, stopping halfway as they were already out of ears’ reach. ‘What do you want?’
‘You… I, I mean, those wings,’
‘Me neither…’ Another silence, both gods sighing simultaneously, and the raven continued, ‘maybe we should pray? Mother always said that the Norns guide us to pleasant dreams, maybe they think we are still in Asgard and just do not know we are in Midgard right now.’
‘Okay, good, so this is all one big… unfortunate mistake,’ Peter quickly said as he jumped in between his father and boyfriend. ‘Let’s just focus on what to do next, okay?’ the teen looked at the hole in the wall through which the captain had escaped.
‘Holy shit!’ Tony shouted as he had not noticed the raven was standing next to him this entire time, causing him to jump back and trip over some failed rocket-boots prototypes.
‘You mean the Killian case?’ Fury shook his head, his one eye turning back to the papers he was working on. ‘The man fell out of the window. It is a tragedy at most, not a case.’
Stane let out a deep sigh and Peter saw him roll his eyes. ‘Patience, kid.’
‘Oh, come on,’ Strange sighed deeply, but as he saw some snot running from the child’s nose, he pulled a face and quickly placed the raven back on the ground. ‘Ew. Okay, Loki, listen, why are nice to everyone, yet I get a book to the face?’
‘Clint, don’t you dare...’
Tony nodded though he did not seem completely convinced. ‘But… why did he react so strongly to a sex doll?’
‘The fuck is this?’ he mumbled as the delivery guy searched through his papers.
Tony hastily reached for his phone after a few seconds of breathless staring, his eyes never truly averting from the object in front of him.
‘Can we have a word with you?’
‘Well, that’s just bad luck for you ‘cause we do have something to tell
Tony wanted to walk out of the bathroom, wanted to give the man, no,
Hi everyone and welcome back!
He sighed and wrapped his arms around the child’s waist. ‘No problem, Lokes,’ he smiled at the god, placing him back on the floor and watching him jump up the stairs, hammer held high.
With a bright smile, the raven ran after the blond. He turned the corner as well but immediately stopped in his track as he saw that another man was now talking to the god and he hid behind one of the cabinets. As he could only see the man’s back, he saw that he had brown hair and a red cloak, but other than that, the raven could not make out who he was.
With the four Avengers now together again, they looked up at an old abandoned house. The white paint of the porch worn down by years of heavy weather, muddy paw prints leading to the front door. The windows were smashed, shattered glass scattered across the grass and covered in moss. The creaking sound of old doors moving slowly in a cold breeze, combined with the haunting winds howling through the creaks and cracks of the old house made for an ominous and sinister sensation.
Who was this stranger? Was he really family? Was he a friend? Or maybe an enemy? Where had he taken his brother? When would they be back?
Anyway, here's the next chapter. It's not as funny as the others, but I think it's kinda cute and gives some explanation on how/why Loki is living with the Avengers in the first place. :)
‘Correct,’ Thor grabbed a piece of sandpaper and ripped one of the legs straight off the chair with a brute lash, causing Tony to gulp for a second. ‘I work in and around the house. Mostly repairs. This mansion is old, needs a lot of maintenance.’
‘Aldrich came to me about a year ago, offering me a deal to buy my company. I rejected. He was, how should I put it…
Tony guided them to the spare bedroom as he could not bring himself to face the blood and semen stained bed in the master chamber.
‘Pfff-fine,’ Tony grumbled, signing the somewhat sticky form and letting the guy through to set the box inside his house.
‘Yes, could you please tell me, Miss Potts-’
Thank you all so so much.
‘Sex?’ Pepper blinked in perplexity. ‘Well... I- I can guarantee you that it was not me.’
‘Loki,’ Steve approached the young child as Wanda was now washing his face with a warm wet towel. ‘Why were you crying? Did something happen?’
Tony’s finger moved in and out, gentle at first yet soon caught more speed. He added a second finger, biting his lip as the doll underneath him started to squirm and beg for more. ‘You like this, Rogers?’
(See the end of the chapter for
Loki nervously nipped at his fingers again, nearly breaking the skin as he rocked his body slightly in his chair. Precious emerald eyes made quick contact with the two men before nodding slowly. ‘Yes,’ he whispered softly.
Peter giggled softly and squirmed as he tried to avoid Loki’s poking, ‘No, not really, but you need to grab the Stones and run.’ He whispered and winked.
is he? And most of all, how did he get in here?’
‘Loki goes to his room before Thor finds out and the entire thing looks like it was one big accident.’ Tony sighed. ‘I can’t believe I’m saying this, but, I really wish he would have gotten away with it…’
‘Maybe,’ Pepper answered calmly though earnestly. ‘but it all ended up well. They can finally let their pasts rest and focus on their futures. As for Thor and Loki, organization protocols indicated that the two should have been separated. Thor being eighteen and considered an adult, he had to part from his little brother and undergo a whole different trajectory.’
‘It is how Master Stane programed me.’
‘Warrior Steve,’ Loki pouted and turned his attention to the captain. The raven ran towards him and held up his hands so that the blond would pick him up. ‘My brother is mean to me…’
‘Oh, right,’ the raven nodded and he stood up. He walked over to the pebbles, crouched down and picked up the somewhat blue stone, but he quickly turned around again as he saw a large shadow next to him. The small god froze as he stared at a man with dark brown hair, his brown eyes hidden behind glasses.
‘Why didn’t you say so sooner?’ Quill smiled brightly. ‘Wait here, I’ll go get my crew and then we’ll be right in. Oh! You wanna meet them?’
‘… I am sorry, I still cannot tell.’ Loki stated dryly after staring at the teen.
‘Possibly.’
Now being the only two in the room, Natasha looked at Loki, ‘you can walk, right?’
‘Okay guys, here we are!’ Peter said as he looked up at the large blue brand name on the front of the building. ‘We should be able to get what you need here, Quill. If Walmart doesn’t sell it, no one will.’
‘Thor!’ The raven smiled while he held on to Peter’s hand. ‘Thor, have you heard the story of the great War Machine yet?’
Steve tried to stay as quiet as possible, fighting each sob and wheeze. He trembled on the cold table, pain and fear wrecking his body. He did not dare to move nor make a single sound.
‘Mister Killian had sex the night before he died, care to explain?’ Stark asked bluntly.
Tony watched himself through the doll’s eyes and grunted softly. ‘Go back. See if you can find anything with Obadiah in it.’
Thor walked through the halls of the compound in search of the raven god. He sighed deeply, realizing only now how exhausting his little brother could be, whether it was as a young child or as a grown man. His eyes scanned every corner of all the rooms he passed, only turning around as he heard the sound of sparks coming from behind him.
‘Thor?’ Another voice called out and the three men turned around, meeting emerald eyes. A young teen was standing in the large doorway, his hair black as a moonless night, his skin pale. He was wearing heavy boots covered in dirt and garden gloves, about a dozen roses and some green resting in his arms. His clothes covered every inch of his skin, which seemed rather odd considering these warm Summer days.
‘Yes, sir,’ the raven nodded. ‘Thor was still out the moment I left the shower, he was probably still walking his security round through the building together with Bucky.’
“I’d decided to stop painting, couldn’t sell a piece to save my life. I was days away from picking up my life and moving to some suburbs to be a house painter. Then you bought my painting. I decided to stick it out and well,” he gestured to the rest of the room with his free hand, “here we are. I’ve sold almost a dozen paintings just in the last seven weeks, so thank you for taking a liking to my painting.”
So he was an artist. Tony was wondering how lucky he’d be if this man turned out to be the Steve Rogers who painted
Mentally shaking himself he abandoned the distraction - certain now that was what the magazine was there for - and back to the remote.  He rounded the couch and sat down directly opposite where the remote was on the table and folded his hands, leaning his chin against his fingers in contemplation.
“Hold on Tony, let the man tell us the price before you start throwing around numbers.”
Rating: PG-13
“Well, you are certainly asking for a lot of trouble.”  Steve nodded.
Steve badly wanted to ask what the Duke of Manhattan sunbathing nude on an Italian beach had to do with him, but he trusted the others and dutifully opened the magazine, quickly skimming through it to find whatever it was the Council wanted him to find. The main article was a series of more photos of Antonio, the Duke of Manhattan living out a life of a pampered pup but the headline for the actual article is what made an ominous chill run down his spine.
Pepper tried to protest, but Tony just gave her a look, his eyes speaking for him and she acquiesced. The seller stuttered through the transaction, equal parts thankful and confused. Gelato completely forgotten, Tony moved toward the door, tilting the painting to better catch the light. His hand slid across the back of the painting and caught on cold metal. He turned it to see the back better and along the bottom of the canvas he found a thin strip of metal. Hand hammered into it was four words;
Steve smiled and the next thing Tony knew Steve’d released his hand, “I know.” The blond put both of his hands into the front pockets of his pants while Tony’s hand still tingled.
“I figured it had to happen eventually.”  And that hurt, Tony realized, that Steve had expected Tony to fail. “I imagine you’ll just stick with the alchemy part now?  You always enjoyed that more than the day to day duties of having to maintain the supplies.”
He made it all of six steps before he realized he had no idea where one went to get an office chair. Pepper, who had her hip cocked against one of the receptionist’s desks raised a perfect eyebrow at him in mockery. Really, why did he continue to employ insolent smart-asses?
“He’s also saying yes to the marriage proposal!”
It was Tony’s turn to look confused but when the man reached out, Tony took the offered handshake, his grip slightly stronger than necessary.
“She’s looking for you.” Tony said before he could help it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Later that night, Steve returned to his and Tony’s bedroom with some left overs since they had worked up an appetite. Tony was sprawled across the messy sheets, his bare ass beautifully on display as he rested on his elbows and typed on his phone.
Tony took up the spot next to Steve on the dais, his predator eyes locked at the man gagged below. Steve took the cue and looked back to their prisoner.  Bucky moved down the steps as if to place himself between the traitor and his King but stopped short, instead waiting for Steve to give the word.
’s and not less filled with life. Even though the man’s lips were turned slightly down in concern, his eyes held an infinite number of smiles - ones full of fondness, disbelief, humor, and happiness.
“Gag him,” Steve ordered. Two guards moved to fulfill the order even as a door to the far left of the chamber opened.
Pepper caught his eye and grinned, “I’m not hurt, and Rhodes only twisted his leg on the way back when he slipped on some bloody grass.”
Steve’s mouth was open in a greeting when his eyes locked with Tony’s and then there was nothing but panic in those blue orbs.  In a feat of rather impressive speed he turned and slammed directly into the door he had pulled closed after him.  The blond stumbled back a few steps cradling his nose.  Tony hurried over, not quite suppressing his laughter, which earned him a glare from the other man.  Tony didn’t see any blood so thankfully the impact hadn’t been as bad as it had looked.
“You’re fucking kidding me? This is a joke, right? Rhodey, sourpuss, is this some sort of payback for that thing in Florida?”
It took a couple of seconds to fully process what the woman had told him in an almost bored tone, but he dutifully looked over the sheet. He felt a small thrill when he saw the name change on an official paper and quickly checked over everything else. He winced a bit at his date of birth but pushed the sheet back to her.
“Captain America Ultra-Thin and Lubricated.”
“No,” Logan growled, the sound loud in the tiled kitchen.
“I know you didn’t have to allow Rho- Colonel Rhodes or Lady Virginia to stay with me.”
#captainamerica #americasass #sosexy.  Despite the constant bombardment of social media Steve still got embarrassed by the attention he received and the comments to the picture made his face burn.
Tony stilled, stamping down the urge to show how startled he was by the other man speaking up. Other than a polite ‘welcome’ at the start of their previous four dinners together Steven hadn’t said a word until bidding him ‘good night’ at the end of their dinner. Tony’s first urge was to tell the king his castle was creepy AF but he managed to keep that comment to himself. Like the vampire would even care Tony was uncomfortable in his castle.
Well that might be something Tony was interested in going to. He’d hung the painting of
Fear trickled down Steve’s spine.  Tony would lose his mother, who he adored.  He’d lose Jarvis who was more father to Tony than the man in front of him.  Tony had tried to warn him. When he had tried to convince Steve to elope he had said Howard would be terrible if Steve tried to do this the traditional way.  Just goes to show that Tony was smarter than him.
Tony could hear the low rumble of a voice as the man talked to the horse but he wasn’t close enough to make out the words.  Instead his eyes ran over the trim form of the blond and felt a sharp stab of lust even before he got a good look at the man’s ass in his riding pants.  Tony moved up to the fence separating them, his movements attracting the man’s attention.  When he turned his face, Tony was struck by how good looking the man was. His jaw line was strong, his lips full, the lower one a little heavier, and his cheek bones were sharply defined. He had an aquiline nose that looked like it’d been broken at some point.
Tony took the hand and jumped the couple of feet down to the sand.  He silently bemoaned the lack of height he had with his legs.  He was almost nine feet long with his tail but only 5’9” when on feet. He felt Steve squeeze his hand and looked up – he always felt a little affronted at the fact that Steve was several inches taller than him.
The moment Steve let go of the innocent looking remote the full weight hit Tony’s palm like a meteor.  The force actually jerked Tony nearly out of his seat as his hand hit the floor pinned beneath the remote.
“Tony!!!”
“If I wanted you dead, Steve, I would not be standing somewhere you could see me.”
Tony’s right hand left Steve’s face for the barest of seconds as he dismissed the idea.  “Forget the restraining order, my assistant got a little over zealous.  It should be removed by now.”
“I have employment with the city police and I will endeavor to make Anthony happy.  I love him and I’ve no doubt of his feelings for me.” Steve stopped himself from sounding like he was begging.  Howard had been against him from the first time he had met him. If Steve showed any perceived weakness, Howard would latch onto it.
For an answer, Bucky threw a magazine at him. Steve caught the publication and looked at the cover. It was one of the trashy magazines one would find at the grocery store checkout or a gas station. The paper was inferior and the photo on the front grainy even though 21st century phones could easily produce crisp, clean pictures. The headline splashed strategically over the bad photo read, ‘
His hand was stiff where it was cradled in the grasp of Steve’s hand. Even after everything that had transpired in the past seven months Tony could not find it in himself to relax. He hated this marriage even if he no longer hated the man at his side. For Tony, as they walked down the aisle, wrapped in their traditional matrimony costumes, everything ahead of him felt like an end to a dream.
Steve took the final two steps and reached out, his right hand wrapping around the pudgy neck of man. “Do you have anything to say before I carry out my sentence, King Stark?”
She nodded. “And do you agree, under penalty of perjury, that the information you reviewed today is true and correct to the best of your knowledge?”
The shooting pleasure stopped when Steve took his hand out of his pocket and Logan’s menacing stare switched to the blond man.
Reluctantly he dropped Steve’s hand and turned to head up to the castle. Steve’s rather loud cough caused him to pause and turn his head back towards the blond.  He felt his jaw drop at the vision that greeted him.  Steve had removed his léine, leaving him only in the brown short trius.  His chest was broad with muscle and his stomach so defined Tony thought some of the laundresses would find it acceptable in cleaning clothing.  A thick dusting a pale hairs covered Steve’s chest, narrowing into a thin line that ran down the middle of his abdominals and disappearing into the tight twill covering him from low on his hips to just past his knees. He made a perfectly enticing image right down to his bare feet.
Steve’s head whipped around and easily spotted the billionaire leaning against the door frame, a cheeky smile on his face and a diabolical glind in his blue eyes.  Steve saw the exact moment Tony realized what was about to happen by the way his smile grew in size.  Tony was already turning and running down the hall by the time Steve had vaulted the sofa and gave chase.
For lunch someone in Lab J slid a plate with a ham and cheese sandwich close enough to Tony that he could reach it. Tony ate it without thinking while intently watching a lab tech named Mary demonstrate the attachment and detachment nodes of a nerve replicating implant she was planning to link to the biometric limbs Lab B was working on. One of the nodes was dismantled already, the tiny electronics open to scrutiny. Bottles of water had also been appearing within Tony’s reach sporadically through the morning and when another one appeared he drank it down mindlessly. He gave the woman some ideas to make the node smaller and mentally noted he should increase the budget for Lab J.
“He underestimated you, too,” Steve replied, “your intuition and suspicion helped Nat find out about the plot. I’m only sorry it wasn’t early enough to prevent your friends from being hurt.”
“What the hell did you do to the remote?” Tony yelled in mounting horror.  He was afraid his voice might have actually squeaked there at the end by the way everyone was cackling.
“Uh, Steve Rogers?  I’m so sorry Mr. Stark, a waiter ran into me and- “
To celebrate Tony looked up local eateries and convinced Pepper they needed gelato from a shop down the street. They made it a block when movement in the display window caught Tony’s eye. A man was carefully removing a large canvas painting from the easel facing the street of a small run nondescript art gallery. The painting was a portrait of a woman. Her pale blue eyes seemed to peer over Tony’s shoulder at something in the far distance. She herself was turned slightly away in the painting, as if it was Tony who had caught her attention, drawing her attention away from someone unseen. Her blond hair was pulled tightly back into a bun but a few small wisps of hair framed her pale skin. Even with a pane of glass between them Tony could see the smattering of pale freckles covering her face and the way her eyes shone with all the brilliance of an ethereal smile.
“We’ve got a hit! Sixty seven percent match. Wait, seventy nine percent match,” an agent said from a computer.
“I’m not either. Fury and Loki have the same blood on their hands, but we need to put that behind us. Loki needs a power source, so we need to make a list,” Steve said.
“Well leave it urgently. Thanks,” Toni said and hung up. She rolled her eyes. The elevator door opened, and Coulson walked in. “Uh, security breach!”
,” Toni said. As Toni rounded the corner, and Chitauri Leviathan followed.
“Alright then, I am taking you to a friend of mine, you might already know him. His name is Phil Coulson,” Natasha said.
“Smart. Yeah, it’s about you and him,” Fury said, referring to the vehicle Loki was in.
“I will be back,” Toni said to the two she was leaving behind. While Toni was walking out, she prepared to put a listening device somewhere hidden, but Nova saw her reach for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He is only here to track the cube Stark. But I was hoping you could help him,” Fury said.
call us soldiers. I am not marching to Fury’s fife,” Toni scolded.
"Because you are my son. I wanted only to protect you from the truth."
“Aunt May!” Peter shouted. The woman turned around and scooped the boy up. Peter said something to the woman and she looked at Nova. Nova smiled, waved, and took off back towards the entrance. Nova didn’t realize how far away she had actually gotten, and started to slow down because she was tired.
,” Fury barked. Toni rolled her eyes and began pushing the rotors.
“Are you ready?” Thor asked the both of them. Loki was silent.
” Nova asked. She sounded out of breath.
“You can take me back to the Helicarrier like I just said to. I’m not some kid who doesn’t know how to handle herself,” Nova argued.
“Ah yes, here she is! This is Nova Ward,” Mother Rosalinda said to the woman. Nova looked up from the floor to see the woman staring at her with a smile.
“Heya Phil!” Nova said cheerfully. She noticed the look on Phil’s face. “Oh no. What did she do?”
“What’s the matter, scared of a little lightning?” Steve asked Loki.
“Why?” Loki asked, “You were knee deep in Jotun blood, why would you take me?”
“I was told they scrapped it. I wasn’t eligible for it anyway. Too self-obsessed, volatile. Don’t play well with others,” Toni said, arms crossed and head tilted. Nova laughed,
“Huh?” Nova asked. The girl stood up and put a hand on her chest. “What… just happened?”
“No!” Toni roared, landing on the ground. She began running in the direction where Nova was. “No, no, no!”
The pushing lasted more than two hours before the nurse finally said, “Lady Loki you are starting to crown! Only a few more pushes and you shall be done!”
“He has an army called the Chitauri, they are not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will lead him to victory, so he can have, I assume, the Tesseract in return,” Thor said with his arms crossed.
“Right now? Oh, please, no I am so tired as it is,” Loki groaned.
“Nicky!” Nova exclaimed. Fury sighed and turned around.
Pepper didn’t respond. Instead she got her phone out and called the NYPD.  Hammer pleaded for her to not call the authorities, but was moved away by a very angry Pepper.
“What are you talking about?” Toni asked, following the girl out of the bathroom.
“Location?” Coulson asked.
“You do know what happened right? How Loki had me?” Nova asked.
“We both know that’s not true,” Steve replied, getting closer to Toni. Steve put his hand on her shoulder, and Toni didn’t shrug it off. She turned around to look at the super soldier.
“That sounds like round two material there, Rhodes,” Toni said, pointing at Rhodey.
,” Nova responded. The girl hung up the phone, and Toni sighed a breath of relief. She almost wanted to cry again for thinking Nova wasn’t okay.
“Well this is boring as hell. What am I supposed to even do in here?” She asked herself. Nova looked around the room, trying to find a different way out because Natasha had locked her in. After finding nothing, she sighed. “I really didn’t want to do this today.”
Thor summoned Mjolnir and replied, “You listen well brother-”
Loki sighed a breath of relief but said nothing. She knew a ‘but’ was coming with it.
“What do you mean?” Nova asked.
Title is from the song Mama, I'm Coming Home by Ozzy Osbourne
Please enjoy this chapter! :)
“You know what, Director? The world hasn’t changed at all,” Steve said.
“Yes!” Nova shouted and ran down the hallway.
Then all hell broke loose. Nova couldn’t seem to get away from the yelling. First, they were ganging up on Toni for how she come to fame, then Thor decided to start throwing insults at everyone else in the room, save Nova of course. Nova had no idea what to do; she sure as hell wasn’t going to use her magic to stop them or she’d be grounded for life. Nova looked around the room at everyone when the scepter caught her eye. It was starting to glow and no one had noticed it yet.
“You humans are so petty. And tiny,” Thor chuckled. Nova hit is arm and shushed him.
“Wow, you seem a lot like your mom. Also, language,” Steve said, a stern look on his face.
Nova chose the perfect time to walk back into the room, “I told you, five minutes was all it took. I even washed my hair.” When she looked up from the floor she was greeted by Thor. “Mom, what’s going on?”
“That is probably the best name for a boy you have found Thor. Now, let us look at names for girls.”
“Not sure on Bruce. I think he said something about going to a hotel to stay in away from the city. Steve went to his apartment,” Toni said. She looked over to the Trickster, “Sounds like Fury is bringing an armored vehicle in for you. You get to spend a couple of weeks at S.H.I.E.L.D.”
,” Nova replied.
“There’s only one God ma’am, and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t dress like that,” Steve said. He grabbed a chute and his shield and jumped out of the plane.
“You are just like her. Everything she was, you are now. You did not get anything from me,” Thor joked. Nova laughed a little; she flicked her wrist and unlocked the door.
Title is from the song Start Again by OneRepublic
“Monkeys? I do not understand?” Thor asked.
“I learned from the best~” Nova sung. Toni gave fake glare, but Nova saw right through it. The two shared a laugh.
“Did you find more information then?” Toni asked.
“You want me to put the hammer down?!” Thor boomed. He jumped in the air towards Steve, getting ready to hit Steve with Mjolnir. As Steve raised his shield, Thor hit is with Mjolnir. A loud boom erupted and there was a bright flash of light. It threw all three heroes backwards.
“No,” was all Odin’s reply.
business. I don’t think the Captain would let me deflower him quite yet,” Toni joked, and Steve turned bright red.
“You don’t have to do this,” Nova said. Thor hit the container with his hammer, and while it cracked the glass, it also moved the container down a little. Loki laughed viciously.
“Oh I guess I didn’t know she was there today,” Nova said.
“He’s going to try to drag this on. Thor, what’s his angle with this?” Steve said.
“I just want to know what’s wrong. I’ll find out somehow, that’s a promise. Hey, I’ll be right back,” Nova said to Thor. Thor nodded, and Nova walked over to Bruce. “Watch this Doc. Hey, will you guys stop bickering like an old married couple so I can ask you a question?”
“No, Frigga, I am afraid I cannot be. Thor and Loki, stand before me so you can hear your punishment,” Odin said, the tone in his voice icy. Thor helped Loki up to her feet and held her in place while they both stared at their father. “Loki, I will grant that you may give birth to this child.”
“Loki never told me. He only told me it would unlock when you were at the age of sixteen, but you are stronger than either of us anticipated,” Thor replied.
Title is from the song Boys Chase Girls by Ingrid Michaelson
“That one is for the mother,” Phil responded. “We don’t have anything on her yet. We know Nova is not at all human, so there won’t be anyone here that will match her DNA. However, if you open the other folder, there is information in there.”
“Oh god, we aren’t making that a thing, are we?” Nova groaned. Toni chuckled.
“Yeah, probably. You totally should have seen it the other night. I kicked your mom’s ass,” Rhodey joked. He made sure to say it loud enough for Toni to hear.
