Thing is, his non-expression speaks volumes. The tilt of his head, the barely noticeable curl of his lips, the left eyebrow tipped up, just so. It all reads sheepish and cute and adorable.
Sam turns back to head for the back of the ship. They’re idling in space, out in the boonies, where no one will look for them. They also haven’t eaten in hours. "I mean, who does he work for? What does he do with the data we're getting for him? For all we know,  we’re secretly doing the dirty work for Akkarean intelligence."
Ash gets up, his can now empty, and wordlessly tugs at Cas' sleeve, nods his head to come with him. Through the open door to the guest room, Dean sees them sit down at the bar, Ash pouring shots for them.
And they wait.
Dean shrugs. “I guess. I mean, if I'm bringing Cas--”
That he can laugh about it with his family, now, is testament to how heaven works. John smiles at Mary, “Now who's making her boys uncomfortable.”
There's an electric current, zapping through him, setting him on fire from the inside out, like the hand print is an electric outlet and Cas just plugged in a vibrator. Well, he knows those run on batteries – so a massage stick, then. It's the only thing that's for sexual pleasure he can think of, but then again, Dean's brain isn't exactly firing on all cylinders right now, so. He leans into the touch, and when their eyes meet, Cas has the sweetest, cutest smile on his lips.
“I haven't tried it yet," Dean admits, eyes the pink concoction warily. "Well, then. Cheers?"
Dean nods, sips his beer, waits if she puts it together.
“You bet. This better be good.”
“Hi, Dean,” she buries her head in his shoulder, then leans back. “You too. It's been a while! Come on in.”
“To Dean Winchester!” the bar collectively roars in reply, and the sound of so many voices, happy, proud, welcoming, shakes Dean to the core. He seeks comfort in the only place he knows he can find it, and Cas' blue eyes have a spark to them when Dean meets them. And it is comfort and warmth and soothing.
It's Chuck who answers, rubbing his temples. “You... no. You're the outlier, Jack.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please.”
Dean takes a breath, and only notices then that he has grabbed Cas' hand, too. And Cas... let him.
There's a beat, a moment of Charlie’s eyes freezing on Dean, looking right through him, realization dawning before she ever so slowly starts to grin. Dean wants to protest, wants to frown at her, wants her to not make this a big deal, for fuck’s sake, but Charlie has already turned on her heel.
“Stop, hold on, or I'm gonna come,” Dean gasps, when he can barely control himself any more.
The ship is already whirring, energy flowing through the engines, but not moving in the tractor beam’s hold. It takes him a few precious seconds to figure out where the mechanism is located — and thanks to the ship being Akkarean and spheric, with the ramp right at its downmost point, he can see that it’s right beneath the holding bay. Two shots leave smoking metal, and the ship leaps in mid-air. Dean hears Castiel’s shout from the inside as he tries to regain his balance. “Dean, get in!” The ramp under his feet lifts from the floor and the ship starts to gain height as well.
He grins like the Cheshire cat, can't help it.
Later that afternoon, when they have dropped off Eileen and Sam at their place, Dean turns into their driveway and waits for the garage door to open.
beer, so Dean is over the moon – watch the parade, get souvenirs. Dean picks a cowboy hat for Cas and one for himself and while Cas heads to the register for that, he finds himself in front of a ring display.
“How are you feeling?” Castiel asks him, his voice soft, eyes softer.
A frustrated moan escapes him.
Cas stirs, blinks awake, yawns and stretches. Then he sinks back down onto Dean's chest, wordlessly. Dean idly strokes his fingertips up and down Cas' neck, up to his hairline, down his spine, and back up.
Dean smirks, rolls his hips into Cas' as an explanation and to shut him up. It works. “Yeah, me too. Not today, though.” Spontaneous combustion and all that.
“I'll tell you tomorrow,” Cas replies, tone fond. The last thing Dean remembers is Cas' lips, so close, when he goes to the bedside table to grab the TV remote.
It's this part where they both struggle. Cas because he's his usual, awkward angel self, and Dean because intimacy scares him on principle.
with Cas is only weighing him down even more.
With his weight off balance like this, Cas has to wrap his arms around Dean's middle to hold on, and his palms wander up to Dean's shoulder blades.
Jody and Donna are still talking about going home. “Jody, I can't,” Dean hears Donna say.
Dean can't help it, he whines in the back of his throat. As some kind of retribution, he buries his head in Cas' neck, kisses his collarbone.
He's not pissed, that much Dean knows for sure. But he seemed irritated, which is not what Dean was going for when he hopped under the shower with him.
It's such an intense, slow series of moves, only meant to get each other hard. Dean takes his time to kiss Cas, in-between, to stall, to savor.
He told Cas, sometime after his first death, it started to feel like not only losing a brother, but losing a best friend, when he died. But there's no significant moment that he could pin it on, when exactly he realized that Cas – Cas is special and will always be special. Cas is more than yet another beloved friend, family member, acquaintance, whatever, that they lost along the way.
Dean chuckles and waves him off. With one eye open, he blinks up at Cas. “Don't worry. Do we have something to wipe this off?” he asks, cum dripping from his lips into his mouth as he speaks. He needs to clean his nose asap, because it feels clogged and weird. Cas produces a piece of cloth from somewhere, Dean doesn't care what it is, and he doesn't hesitate to wipe his face down and blow his nose and yes, that's better.
Still, Dean hasn't been this uneasy and sweaty since he thought he'd have to do this in front of his Dad, but now that one after the other, they're putting down their forks and knives, he knows he can no longer
“Okay,” Sam nods, eyes flickering from Dean to Chuck, to Jack. “Why would you do that?”
Dean ducks his head, drinks because his throat feels dry. “In a relationship.”
Cas is really doing this.
When it hits, it hits all at once. The defiance in Castiel’s eyes when he faced Naomi; the confidence in his squared shoulders, even bared and stripped of his clothes; the icy glare at the guard that had his stomach wobbly and other parts of him intrigued.
Maybe they'll get there, one day, and the thought makes his dick twitch in Cas' mouth. The thought of being held in place as
Cas, within arm’s reach beside him, shirtless, blanket up to his hipbones — cut-edge, those — who mutters a sweet, “Good morning, Dean.”
"And not everyone of us is into tentacles," Sam shoots back.
Dean steps around to stand in front of him, unopened beers in hand. “That's. Good, I guess.” The sun is blinding, standing low.
Dean looks forward to game night, tomorrow at the Roadhouse. Looks forward to Kevin and Ash ribbing each other over a stupid game, looks forward to chat with Jo and Charlie. Maybe he can stop by Bobby's in the afternoon, for a chat and pie and coffee, and maybe hang out for a re-run of Jeopardy. That reminds him, he's never seen Charlie's place. Which, if he remembers her apartment right, should be full of nerdy memorabilia and maybe they have time play a round or two of whatever game she's into, together.
Eileen sniffles. “Sorry, yes, I'd like that.”
“Ah, don’t you worry your pretty little heads,” Crowley smiles, smarmy as ever, “I’ll get you a way in. Some water-tight, fake documents, no biggie.”
When they part, Dean claps his hand on his little brother's shoulder, guides him to the railing, looks at the same mountain, content. Happy. He takes a moment to wallow in this feeling, in knowing that he has everything, everyone, right here - that his heaven is well and truly complete.
In the timeless gesture of I-don't-understand-and-I-don't-care-dude, Dean shrugs and shakes his head at the same time.
When he comes back into the bedroom, there's a tray sitting on the bedding, and Cas leans against the headboard with a mug of coffee cradled in his hands.
And maybe he would have noticed it earlier, that Cas was on the edge, if he'd had gotten his hand on his balls, if he would've had Cas laid out on their bed, able to see and feel his reactions more. If he hadn't been so busy losing himself in that little adrenaline rush of his, if he hadn't been so incredibly turned on by the whole thing.
Dean laughs. “Of course there is.”
Dean huffs, taps at a button to retrieve the data chip from the console. With a pointed look at Crowley, he puts it back into his breast pocket. “Yeah right. I ain’t working for free. Pay me first.”
“You do realize that most people don't take their car with them into the afterlife,” Cas states, dry as ever, but his unique kind of humor shining through if you know what to look for.
“So, less work, less maintenance runs?” Dean asks.
“Yeah, let's just hope it doesn't become necessary,” Dean huffs, finally gives himself a nudge and starts the engine of the Impala. “Like I said, he's not a raging homophobe or anything. If anything, there'll be a snide comment or a hint or something like that. I can handle that just fine.”
There are no more words left to say.
The Impala is not a small car and this is far from the first time Dean has done this, but rearranging themselves so Dean has some way of holding himself upright against Cas, it's a feat.
He's also completely unprepared for getting a load right into his face. And up his nose, and into his right eye.
Dean frowns at her, thinks about her words but comes up blank. “What should be at work?”
Cas muffles a laugh behind his pursed lips.
But, seriously, Cas on his knees, that is sin in a single picture, and Dean had come so fast it was almost embarrassing.
Anyway. The happiest of birthdays to Dean Winchester.
“Castiel? Well, he
“Well, we’re still Terrans,” Sam reminds him, waves over Dean’s shoulder, probably for the bartender’s attention.
“Okay,” Dean says again, shoves Cas back reluctantly. “Cas, buddy, I love you, and no matter how bad I am at this, we need to talk and I need you to listen, because this is important, okay?”
Bobby gestures to the grill, drawls, “Well then, what're ya waiting for?”
But when Dean looks over his shoulder, seeing Cas stand right here, at the counter in Bobby's and Ellen's kitchen, something hits different. Which is Weird with a capital W. He can't put his finger on it, so he dismisses the thought.
Ash grins, looks from Dean to Cas and back when Dean realizes something.
Yet, here, Cas' hand strokes up and down his spine, warm, soothing.
Sam inhales deeply, looks Dean in the eye and says, “No, I said something. Or you expected something.”
Dean nods. His hand is still at Cas' hip when they walk into the house, after Sam and Eileen.
Cas' hips don't roll down on him and Dean wants to push up, get that sweet friction against his cock like they've done almost every morning now, one way or another, as foreplay or the main act. They worked out their rhythm, how to angle their hips, and it's oh, so good when they're in sync, but Cas doesn't give him that.
And he can hear the smug smirk on her face when she says, “Oh, the moment you introduced us.”
He learned how to have a life without his brother, and of course he'd only realize it now that Sam is here.
A look at Cas, a questioning nod towards Sam only has Cas shrug in response, too.
Dean doesn’t even have a proper response to that.
“What, 'so?'?”
Another flutter of wings. Ok, that, Dean did not see coming.
At the garage, it's Cas who grabs Dean's other hand, pulls him close and kisses him, slow and loving and sweet. It makes Dean's toes curl. “Bring Sam home,” Cas mutters under his breath, and Dean taps his fingers to his temple in a silent salute.
His face is as smug as usual, his voice as smarmy and cocky as usual, and the look in his eyes makes Dean’s hackles rise. As usual. “Hello, boys. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
And Cas gets some leverage by pressing an elbow down onto the mattress and ruts against him.
This is a heavy chapter, I know, but I respectfully ask you to keep anything related to child abuse out of the comments (we're at that point again where this hits too close to home for me). Thank you - and still, I'd love to hear from you. Let me know! <3 Thanks for sticking with me!
Part of him just wants to go home where Cas is probably working in the yard, bent over in his tight work pants without Dean to witness it.
Dean quirks an eyebrow at him, shifts his feet on the armrest so Cas can lean against his shins.
Cas leans forward, catches Donna's eyes, smiles soft and sure of himself. “Jack rebuilt Heaven with me. Let me reassure you, no one is spending eternity alone if they don't want to. Everyone has their place, here, and this is the heaven you deserve, the heaven where everyone is happy.”
They never got to the prostate massage she had in mind because frankly, Dean had blown his load in two seconds flat once her finger had breached his hole.
“Lads, you might want to pop over here for a second!”
Amara watches in silence, shoots Becky a side-eye.
Dean suppresses a smirk. “What about him?”
“I mean, someone has been tinkering around in your maintenance hatch. The cable was in mint condition, far too much for it to melt off the connection point like that.”
“Oh, and Rowena? No more magic,” Chuck salutes, like the dork he is. With her body almost vanished, Amara winks at Dean. It's the last he sees of them.
Cas goes out gardening early after breakfast – some delicious Indian Bread upma, for variety's sake – and Dean heads to the garage to go work on Baby.
"Well, if you feel like changing your mind, Dean, I'll be here."
“Noted,” Castiel—
“Seriously. No one's gonna be butthurt if you skip a night. This is not a job and you don't get paid to be here,” she grouses.
And he's so close, himself, and he wants to come with Cas, and if he could have – yes, a little more pressure, right under the head, a few strokes – Cas indulges him, Dean knows. At this point, Cas can barely hold on, can barely restrain himself.
“Payment? For a job?”
Cas looks up as if he can't believe Dean just asked for that. When Dean nods once again, Cas reaches out to squeeze Dean's left hand before trailing his hand up to his shoulder, wrapping his fingers around it, one after the other. The look in his eyes is pure and utter wonder, and affection, and it makes Dean's stomach spin.
It's just lunch with his parents, and his brother.
The next time Dean wakes up, it's to Cas carding his fingers idly through the hair at the back of his head and down to his neck. For a long minute, he pretends to be still asleep, only to enjoy the caress of Cas' fingernails on his scalp.
He wishes Sam was here so he could talk to him about it. He'd understand. But he won't be here for a while, or so Dean hopes because Sam deserves the world and a happy life and he'll get here soon enough.
To get to do this, it's more than a privilege.
“I thought she was dead,” Sam whispers.
An hour or two later – and Dean completely lost track of time, in the most positive way possible – he finally catches a breather and finds himself standing next to Jo against the shelf that holds the hard liquors, behind the counter. Jo reaches behind his back and pours them both a finger of whiskey.
She just shrugs. “Maybe. But honestly? I'm not used to a world full of noise. I'm fine with this. It's what I know how to manage.”
Dean's arms shake with the force of the groan going through him.
He always does.
Dean stares, loses himself a bit in the blue of Castiel’s eyes. And he’s not so wrong, about the gift horse. Maybe they were lucky, and maybe that’s okay. Maybe the first Akkarean ship that got a report about a supposedly stolen ship just happened to be the one with an Akkarean commander who actually cared about right and wrong. Maybe Naomi was just one of a kind-of not-that-hostile Akkareans who actually didn’t hold a grudge against Terrans.
Credit for 'Moose from Geuse' goes entirely to my beta, Phoenix-ascended. It's just too perfect.
Coming down the stairs, he sees Ash in the kitchen, handling pans and listening to Lynyrd Skynyrd on probably the loudest setting of the radio. “Mornin'!” he shouts over 'South down yunkin', but Ash doesn't hear him.
There really wasn't any time to mope around while hanging out at Bobby's, working on the Impala, going on dates with Cas, spending entire mornings just talking, naked, in bed, showering with Cas, having breakfast together.
“Okay.” And now there's a grin behind that carefully schooled expression, Cas’ blue eyes glittering with dirty thoughts, and Dean can feel it. It sparks something dark and carnal within him.
“Physical affection is not something that angels share, as you're aware. I thought the feeling, this discomfort I felt, was because I was irritated by this public display which was so foreign to me. It was part of a first clue. I didn't know then.”
“Go shower, you stink,” Dean scrunches his nose. Not that he didn’t smell like sex and lube up until an hour ago.
They are hurling towards a solar system with flickering lights on the command bridge, the emergency reactor kicking to life as Dean slaps the manual override and activates it. He’s going to worry about that later. At least they didn’t completely lose power.
Oh, Dean remembers that conversation in the kitchen all too well. Unexpectedly, he bursts out laughing.
He thinks about Cas. At least one of them has somewhat of a job, of a purpose. He has his bees and their garden to tend to. But what will Dean do?
Not two seconds later, Castiel follows him right over the edge, buries his face in Dean’s chest with a sharp intake of breath, tilts his head back, teeth grazing Dean’s collarbone as Castiel lets out a soft, drawn out, “Fuuuck,” right against Dean’s Adam’s apple. The muscles in their thighs are trembling, and a hand is splayed between Dean’s shoulder blades, keeping him close.
But it's
Somewhere in the house, Def Leppard starts playing, and it makes Dean smirk.
Cas' eyes are on the topped-up mugs, full to the brim, careful not to spill any over his hands. He'd probably not get burned, but surprised. But Cas not looking means Dean can stare at him all he wants – the stubble, the windswept dark hair, broad shoulders, sensible shoes - well, until he notices Ellen's curious gaze from across the room.
Claire calls him an old man and Dean doesn't have a good reply. Kaia tells her to behave herself. Dean doesn't see rings on their hands.
Cas... grins at him, the sneaky son of bitch.
A lot of stuff has happened since he'd last been here. Since Jack had popped up and told him that heaven worked in mysterious ways, since Jack told him to wait for Sam, to be patient because it had some kind of reason.
“First, privacy.” It's a lame excuse and Dean knows it, but he doesn't feel quite there yet, however, “And by the way, we should get revenge for that, on principle,” he states, finger pointed at the wall towards the sleeping rooms, not breaking eye contact.
And one he can have fun with.
As a thanks for the reminder, Dean reaches over, without a plan or without a second thought, finds his hand on Cas' back and no idea where to put it. Between his shoulder blades is weird, so Dean lets his hand drop to the small of his back. It still feels too intimate when he puts some pressure there, when Cas looks at him and smiles, softly.
And so, Dean pulls out of the driveway, and they roll down the road to Sam's and Eileen's place to pick them up.
He feels used and fucked and wrecked and
Again, I'm a bit behind on answering to your comments, but I love every single one of them, and I will get to it - promise! - and thank you so, so much for reading this and joining Dean on this journey of discovering his sexuality.
Dean wakes up because something tickles his nose.
fucks
“C’mon, Sam, at least try to look thrilled.” As Dean stands up, he nudges Sam’s elbow before popping his joints, stiff from a long day of flying. Grins when Sam aims a very on-brand bitchface at him. “What? Let’s celebrate, little brother.”
“Get us the tickets,” Sam says, before he can even react. “We’ll find Mary.”
They have barely touched in the last hour and a half and Dean feels starved.
Dean scowls. “Will you get your sweaty ass to the shower, Sammy?”
“Shit,” Dean mumbles. “Here we go.”
Above the tabletop, Cas shoots him a tiny, blink-and-you-miss-it smile.
Cas smiles. “'On top of the world.'”
Between them, Cas' cock twitches against Dean's. “Why is this...” Cas clears his throat. “Why does it look so appealing when you do that?”
“And why—” Dean starts, but then Sam holds up a hand.
Dean is in the middle of excusing himself when he sees her.
Dean doesn't expect it when Cas suddenly pulls back.
mouth. And isn't that ironic. They need to try that, they definitely do, and while he's not much on the demanding, toppy-bastard side, he knows Cas could, Cas would, and
They sit down at the table next to each other, and the surprise of Sam being here works as well as Dean expected it to. John questions him, the way he questioned Dean when he came to heaven. It's mostly catching up on Sam's life with the worse stuff cut out for another day.
'Perfect. Your voice, love it when you do that. Love to hear you like this.'
“I watched the sun rise on Mount Everest today.”
Mary leans forward, elbows on the table, and looks at Dean, unwavering. “If he has anything to say but 'Dean, I'm happy for you', I'm going to kick his ass.”
Cas' eyes are on him when he approaches the table with the next round of drinks.
He has to change the subject. “So how did you die?”
Dean grins. Okay. So that's... okay. “Sounds good. So, what now?”
So they tried to put Cas in more fitting clothes here or there, too, but he's a creature of habit just as much as anyone. Every time, he went back to Jimmy's too wide shirt, two sizes too big and hiding all the good parts.
A suppressed sigh, into Dean's mouth.
As he kills the engine, Dean takes a look at the gas meter and blinks at Cas. “How is my tank still full?”
good. Wants to make him forget his own name.
“Here,” is what Dean ends up saying, handing him the second beer.
A second later, Dean finds himself at the bar of the Roadhouse, the door to Ash's room in the back still open, now that the guest room is still mostly empty. It's early, and a Tuesday.
That Sunday, Dean and Cas do actually show up for family dinner, and Dean even baked that pie he promised Mary last week. Really baked it, by himself. Pumpkin spice. Okay, so Cas helped chop the pumpkin. But the rest, Dean did all by himself. It turned out alright, considering the fact that Cas made the unsanitary decision to distract him halfway through the blind bake with a blowjob.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks.
At least they could blow off some steam. Dean feels it in his bones, feels some of the tension seep out of him. When he looks at Cas, he can see the sentiment mirrored in him.
Dean laughs, and then he remembers Meg. He remembers Cas and what he learned from the pizza man, he remembers her look afterwards. He also remembers her jab at him, “He was your boyfriend first.” As in, before the pizza man incident. Maybe he shouldn't dish out too much Schadenfreude there.
Mary smiles at Cas, then, and states in the most obvious tone, “Of course you do.” And Dean can't even be mad about it.
So they'll see each other again anyway. In heaven, once it's all said and done. Once Dean spent years, maybe decades, alone, but they'll be together again. It's some consolation.
“Sure,” Dean mumbles, eyes already closed when a thought hits him. “Quick question before I forget. How do I get my own place?”
Cas harrumphs into his neck and it is kind of cute.
Maybe he really shouldn't overthink it. It worked out fine, today, right? Just roll with the punches, go with the flow, and if you find yourself rubbing one out against your boyfriend's leg in the kitchen, there's that.
Are you still screaming about the Spanish dub because I am and while this took quite a blow to the premise of this story, it will be so much fun to write around. Hope you enjoyed. Let me know what you think!
Heh, lube.
The rings burn a hole into the pocket of his jeans, and his heart is beating too fast, too loud, again.
There’s so much Dean admires about his mom. Hell, he still listens to the same music she listened to, back in the day. Those cassette tapes are his treasure, the tape deck he built for Baby out of an old walkman, the pinnacle of his engineering talent if he does say so himself.
He takes the next exit, drives up some hill in the darkness, and parks the Impala in the middle of nowhere, in an open spot, no trees around them blocking their view.
He feels it, building like a coil in his lower abdomen, and he lets it.
The waitress reaches their table and without a blink, Dean says, “Bacon and egg breakfast sandwich with extra cheese, sausages on the side.” And grins like a little shit because he can.
Pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, Dean tries to sort his thoughts. All he wants, really, is to wrap his arms around Cas, make him feel what he feels, make him see. But Cas has his arms crossed in front of his chest and his eyebrows are drawn so tight, like he wants to summon the wrath of heaven upon Dean — as if he still could — but is also really sad about having to do that.
When Dean joins Cas in the kitchen, towel still on his head and dressed in pajamas already, he finds him leaning against the counter, munching on pickles.
Dean grins as Cas sighs. “Again, you make it sound so easy.”
It's Friday, Friday, new chapter out on Friday... hope you've had a lovely week! If you need a pick-me-up or not, I have a fun chapter waiting for you.
But they're also standing in his parents' kitchen, Mary is starting on cleaning the baking tools right next to Dean, and Cas was busy wiping down the countertop. Sam and Eileen and his Dad are chatting at the table across the room and this isn't the time or the place.
“Okay,” Eileen takes it all in, takes another swig of her whiskey, the last of it. “I think we can head out now.”
Dean blinks, frowns, looks at Cas, mouths, 'what?' but follows her nonetheless.
There’s no space ship registered under his name. No address listed, which, fair enough, doesn’t mean all that much. But the most suspicious part of it all is that there’s not even a Terran refugee ID listed anywhere. Maybe he’s one of the Drifters or posing as one, even though he always insisted that he doesn’t have any ties to any other planet than Earth.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly.
Plus, Uriel is right, unfortunately. There was a call, on his communicator, last night. He had just deactivated his signal because, well — he was busy sucking Dean’s dick. And with that thought in mind, he figures the reprimand can’t be that bad.
Cas waves at him. “Hey, um, Dean.”
It's not like he doesn't know that it's the emotional connection that makes all the difference here.
Dean bites his lips, ruts down against Cas, relishes in the sharp intake of breath as he feels Cas' hardness against his own. “Ya think?”
Still wrapping his mind around that one.
wants to. He has no idea how it'll feel like, but he knows how mind-blowing it can be if done right. Not that he expects to do everything right on his first try, but who knows, he may be awesome like that.
“So, can I ask, what's the plan?”
Dean has a very hard time not breaking into a grin, so he hides it behind a kiss. “Yes? No tax returns in heaven and all.”
It's not the whole truth either, he realizes.
Dean chuckles, gathers him in his arms, and they sleep.
Dean snorts, thankfully before having licked salt off his lime.
Dean makes himself focus on the topic at hand, and yes, they're seriously discussing anal sex while Cas is almost-fingering him and he breathes in, breathes out, shakes his head, “Not aside from that girl.” He sighs, feels that familiar tingle in his balls. A compressed coil, winding up, ready to spring.
Dean shrugs on his way off the command bridge. “I don’t care, Charlie.”
Though that might be a distraction, too. He does an 'eh'-head tilt at himself.
Becky claps her hands, after having watched the whole thing go down. “My work here is done,” she says, and goes to make dinner for her family. They’ll be back any minute, now that Chuck is well and truly off the board.
And at 4 a.m., every patron who is still here is either asleep in their seat or on the pool table, or got zapped home one way or another.
"And what exactly is that? Your job?"
Right. Food.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says, leans over, hooks his finger into the shirt where it gapes open, right over Cas' belt buckle. “Let me fix something for you real quick.”
And then there's the first moan, breaking the silence. Maybe it's Cas, maybe it's Dean, he doesn't know. It doesn't matter. But the moan is what tips them towards fully making out, Cas' hands roaming over Dean's chest, exploring his stomach, navel, his pecs and nipples and that's just unfair, that's an easy win, if Cas just was a bit firmer with his fingers--
On a side note, his cock is a twitching traitor and his brain hasn’t been this confused since puberty. He doesn’t look at Naomi when he leaves the holding cell.
“I missed you, man,” is what he can deal with and admit to right now, so he says it.
As he busies his hands with the pot and the ingredients and the whisk, Dean can't help the thoughts from seeping in. That tiny voice in the back of his head that tells him he can't be selfish, he can't have this, doesn't
That one. Where Chuck had Jimmy's molar in his hair afterwards.
Cas opts for the back seat without a second thought. He's probably as curious as Dean at this point.
Ash puts his can of beer aside and jumps to his feet. “I got an idea. How about this?” He steps over a few boxes to the shelf behind the TV, pulls out an old Nintendo 64 and a cartridge.
There's a smirk playing around on Cas' lips. “A bit. I didn't particularly care.”
Interesting.
He sighs. Cas places a kiss on top of his head. Places kisses over his forehead, down his temples, to the shell of his ear, against his jaw, soft little things that barely register, airy and light as a butterfly when they land on his lips. They kiss, again, and again, until Dean feels his heartbeat slow down and his hands stop shaking around Cas' middle.
“The thing is, I'm not even into dudes,” Dean states, shakes his head, thinks about blue eyes and plush lips and stubble and short dark hair. The sudden urge to go find him or pray to him strikes Dean, but he shakes it off.
That's when a flutter of wings interrupts them, and when Dean checks over his shoulder, he finds Cas on the sofa behind him. Elation spreads in his chest. “Heya, Cas,” he greets him with a lopsided smile, and scoots back, leans his shoulder against Cas' knee. “Everything alright?”
And Dean wants to tease him, wants to say something, but he knows he'll interrupt the moment they're having.
"I don't pay you. You get your fair share,” Dean retorts, dry as you please. His fingers are already flying across Baby's screen, slapping coordinates down that he knows by heart.
Kevin still wins the round, Ash a close second.
Sure, Dean admits to having a thing for uniforms. Guys in uniforms, especially, and a suit can be quite the uniform, too. Jimmy, as Dean knows, was just selling ad space, wore cheap suits and cheap ties and neither was tailored to him. And there was a time when he and Sam weren't much better. But as age wore on them, they didn't need to pretend to come from wildlife services any more, they didn't need to crawl into a morgue by smashing the window at 2 a.m. to break in – when all they needed to do was suck it up, invest in a properly fitting suit and be the charming fuckers Jo said they were. Because a suit gave that air of authority, gave that suave swagger, and Dean has been guilty of using that particular brand of sexy for pick-ups more than once.
And still, Sam is sweating, just standing there, rearranging his fingers around the hilt of his gun. Safety off, finger off the trigger.
Cas and Dean bid her good night and walk down the street to their house in silence.
Dean wakes, with the metallic taste of a burning atmosphere on the back of his tongue. It’s one of those nights. He groans, rubs the crusty remnants of sleep out of the corner of his eyes.
Dean wordlessly straddles his hips, sits down right on his ass. Cas has his arms up, his head resting on his hands, muscles bulging on his arms.
Speechless, Dean nods, a harsh breath escaping him. There's truth to it.
“Why did I know you would say that?” Chuck smiles, almost fond. “Castiel, the self-hating angel of Thursday. Y'know what every other version of you did after 'gripping him tight and raising him from perdition'? They did what they were told. But
They can always have the most luxurious honeymoon suite once they reach Las Vegas. They'll probably sleep in the car when they stop at the Grand Canyon, though.
Sure, it wasn't much, all above the clothes, and there's no immediate fear or anxiety welling up inside him. He's okay. No big gay crisis.
“Castiel,” Uriel calls after him, his tone sardonic. “Boss still wants to see you.”
But when they pull apart after what could've been hours but probably was barely a few minutes, all Dean can say is a breathless, “Thank you.”
And Rowena probably has the single most inconvenient timing in this whole damn universe.
Dean hogs the ketchup bottle in advance. “And ketchup basically counts as a vegetable side dish.”
to question Castiel’s motives.
He isn’t listed anywhere.
It's going to be a good night.
Cas tilts his head with a lopsided, indulging smile. “You do realize this only works because
Cas is close, their foreheads are touching, and right here, under the clear night sky full of twinkling stars, on the hood of the Impala, after a date, wouldn't it be perfect?
Dean has to remind himself that he needs to breathe every once in a while.
Out of nowhere.
Tentatively, Cas reaches for him, places his hand on Dean's hip. His eyes travel from Dean's knees, from worn and torn jeans, up his body, over the frayed shirt hanging loosely around his collarbone and to his oil-streaked face. Dean feels gross, but the way Cas looks at him--
Has never previously been attracted to humanoids, he corrects himself.
“Dean.”
Dean shrugs and nods, smiling. “Yeah, I... have nothing to say in my defense.”
Charlie quirks an eyebrow at him. “Ah, not there yet? Ok, no labels, got it. But yes, took me years to go out there and confidently say I'm a lesbian.”
“Very much insinuating that,” Dean laughs. God, how he's missed Cas.
They take odd jobs for a while, just to get them over the slump in interplanetary missions to run. Dean does some construction work in the next big town over; Sam stocks shelves in a supermarket. It does pay a bit, even if it’s not the big bucks.
He almost doesn't notice the heavy drops of come all over his chest, and wouldn't have if Cas wouldn't – like he often does – trace patterns into it with his fingers.
Sam smiles, rubs a hand over his lips. “You really love the guy, huh.”
“Aw, man, you've been missing out. But I'll introduce you to everyone anyway, whether you like it or not,” Dean's smirk is probably obnoxious but what can he say, he's happy. “So this is Ash, best haircut in town, computer genius and good taste in music.”
Jo, the little shit that she is, picks some song by a band named 'Paramore'.
And this is refreshing, for once people not knowing, assuming what he and Cas are or aren't. Although Dean always thought this would be the hardest part of being in a relationship, to decline such blatant offers, it comes out quick like a shot, “Sorry, not on the market any more.”
With Cas wrapping both arms around his neck in response, Dean is pulled in and pulled under before he can so much as blink. The movie is flickering over their TV, but neither one of them pays it any attention. All Dean feels is Cas' lips on his, slow and careful at first, then insistent and hungry, and before he realizes, they have a full-on make-out session going on and he doesn't know where to put his hands.
How he loves this ship, his pride and joy, so responsive to every tap of his fingers. The pinnacle of Terran engineering if you ask him. Well, the parts of it that counted. Who knew where they’d be if Terrans had gotten stuck on building those silly rockets?
“So it seemed weird to me that Castiel would just randomly be in the vague vicinity, you know. Of course I don’t know where he came from, but there was a ripple in the space-time continuum, too close to our solar system. He actually materialized
Mary has a content grin on her lips when she tells them to dig in.
I'm... attracted to.”
“Dean—”
There was always a goal. Always a bigger picture. Azazael, Lillith, Lucifer, Amara, God.
On the morning of his birthday, Dean finds himself waking up to dim lighting and thawing cold nipping at his toes. It's only for a moment, before Cas erects some kind of protective barrier around them, heat and warmth returning to Dean's limbs. He sees white, all around himself, and it takes him a long moment to realize it's snow.
P.S.: Dean never finds out what the Enochian symbol on his necklace means. Cas only tells him that it's funnier in Enochian, and he won't explain the joke.
“I don't know,” Cas shrugs and accepts the drink with a nod before they toast to each other.
It's Cas.
He kisses the top of Cas' head.
If there wasn't Bad Company playing from the jukebox, you could hear a needle drop.
Sam cranes his neck — as if he needed to, the sasquatch. Then he groans. “Dean. I swear, the day you
Cas' smile twitches into a grin. “You like doing that.”
When Dean arrives at the Roadhouse later that evening, a familiar trench coat is sitting at the bar already, with a beer in hand. Since it's a Saturday, there are quite a lot of people pouring in, and Jo is already dancing on her feet, sighing in relief when she spots Dean.
“Like one just goes to Akkarea,” Dean snarks back, “like it’s not next to impossible to even get through the outer ring of defense.”
Cas locks lips with Dean, humming against his lips and Dean can feel it. The jerk of his dick, the ripple in his smooth moves, the sharp intake of breath.
When Cas finishes for the moment, Dean nudges his elbow. “Can you imagine, doing this on earth?”
Dean looks at him, puts the car into reverse, hands on autopilot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hums. “‘m surprised Ellen hasn’t called yet.”
“Lost the plot armor?”
Dean thinks and rolls his eyes at himself. So what, he can be poetic. At times.
When Cas starts to move, it's only short, jerky motions, but there's not much more Dean can take – and it does seem like there's not much more Cas needs. His breathing turns into short, quick huffs in no time, and Dean has another idea.
“Who’re ya callin’ old, son?” Bobby grouses, but pats his back. “Get inside, Ellen made lunch and if I have to watch Charlie bounce around the place any more, I’ll have her program a new autopilot system for Baby, y’know, keep her occupied for ten minutes or so.”
Dean takes a sniff, smells lime and a tangy rye-based booze underneath. Whatever the pink stuff is, it makes it viscous, slow to swish around the bulbous glass. “And who do I owe it to?”
Dean chuckles. “I'm just teasing,” he adds, kissing Cas, just a quick and sweet peck.
And of course Cas would question it. “Too intimate. This--” Dean pecks him on the lips, short, sweet, tips his forehead against Cas', nudges his nose with his. “All good for public.” And shit, but he knows he's going to do it, has to do it, now. “The following, not so much.” With his thumb under Cas' jaw, he tilts his chin up, kisses him slow and hard and urgent all at once, and Cas opens his mouth willingly for Dean's tongue to trace the inside of his lips, curling it behind Cas' teeth and around his tongue.
And there's his opener, even if Dean feels like he's never going to be fully ready to have this talk.
And Dean doesn't even know how much he saw, there. If he only saw Dean and Cas stand close together, or if they saw them kissing. Not that Eileen hasn't already.
Dean takes another lungful of crisp, warm evening air. “Yeah, I know.”
Dean's head whips around, taking in the many, many people around them, and Cas pulls him towards the curb by his hand. There are billboards in strange letters and neon signs but no, this is not the Times Square, it's different, and when Dean finally registers the people – yeah, they're somewhere in Asia.
“Ready to jump?” Dean asks, checking their coordinates, a few short minutes of lightspeed travel outside of the Betelgeuse system — no one wants to pop up inside a planet or something. He waits for Sam’s reaction.
And that looks like one awesome plate of perfectly greasy, yummy food. Saliva is pooling in Dean's mouth just looking at it. “That's what I'm talking about!” he exclaims. “Huh, Sam?” he wiggles his eyebrows.
(See the end of the chapter for
The rest of the Drifter crew, mismatched as it is, seems to tolerate them, however with barely restrained hostility. There are glares. Vague threats in the forms of snarls and sneers and a hand on top of a hip holster holding a blaster gun as they pass by.
Sam doesn't comment on that, but when their food arrives, he glances at Dean's plate.
Every time the door opens, heads turn, from the bar, from the tables.
His pulse spikes and his cock certainly takes note of the fact that he's feeling Cas up. His hand slides lower, fingers spread out on Cas' stomach as Dean leans in closer, his chest to Cas' back, and kisses a line across Cas' neck. Cas tilts his head, gives Dean more access, and there's a silent sigh escaping his lips. He tries to conceal it, but Dean feels it – against his chest, against his hand. There's a nervous flutter, in his fingertips, in his limbs, in the pit of his stomach, and Dean grins against Cas' skin.
The first touch makes him shiver without Cas having to move a damn finger, literally. It activates nerve endings Dean has neglected for a long time. But that one touch is enough to make Dean's thoughts run wild. If this is what a simple touch, not even a deliberate one, can do, then what will it feel like to have Cas' dick enter his ass?
He looks up at the sky and feels stupid, since he already is in heaven. So he huffs at his shoes and laughs about himself.
And what a cast of characters it is. Beside the hunters and the angel, there's a prophet, there's the god-in-chief or whatever Jack goes by these days, or, well,
Oh, fuck this.
And once again, Dean notices how fidgety Eileen gets when she notices, when there's a lull in conversation and she becomes aware of the fact.
Dean swallows, eyes scanning the bar for someone who might let him delay this question with a good excuse or an order of ten different cocktails, at least, please. But, the crowd has thinned out some, and no one saves him. “I don't,” he says. “Don't try to label me, ok? Cas is just Cas.”
And if this goes on for any longer, Dean will need a trip to the bathroom. Maybe throw Cas over his shoulder to keep him company and provide some inspiration while he works this tension out.
Dean drives.
“Okay?” Jack says. “Then what happens to me if Castiel gives his grace to me?”
They head out on the road, and Eileen gets the hang of it soon enough. Dean is not the least bit surprised to find that she leads them home.
“Okay, that sounded better in my head,” Dean admits, wincing.
That, on the other hand, has Sam almost spitting out his coffee. “I hear you're very much into the meat these days. Certain... let's say, heavenly meat.”
He forgets about asking Bobby for any lore books or any Enochian translation all the way through the Christmas holidays, too busy hopping from his parents' to Bobby's and Ellen's place, and then it's practically almost New Year's eve and the Roadhouse is packed.
Donna winks at him, over her shoulder, as they walk towards Jody's Dodge Charger.
And Dean grins when he gets up afterwards, knees a little stiff and a lot wobbly, but Cas' spunk dripping off his nose and chin and lips. This time, it's Cas leaning in for a kiss that should be too filthy to feel so sweet.
that look on him – Dean can't help himself, he walks over, grabs him around the waist, hands sliding under the flannel. “I like this,” he admits, tugging at the shirt.
Still, how to put this.
She falters for a moment, then waves him off. “Of course. Sorry, didn't mean to come off like I was rekindling old feelings. I'm actually married.”
For an excruciatingly long moment, Cas studies him. In the end, he sighs and looks out, over the lake. “Don't mistake friendship for co-dependency.”
Cas thinks he's beautiful.
“So, even Lucifer could be reborn?” Rowena sounds sure, but Dean catches her squeezing Sam's hand.
Such a nice set of lips.
Dean allows himself to breathe, in through his nose, out through his mouth.
So, the boys returned home in more ways than one - Earth, Lawrence, and Geuse. How did you like it? What do you think of the big reveal, what the Akkareans did? Will the boys work with Crowley?
Putting down his mug, Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, I think I got that now. But, if I'd like to, say, have a cabin in the woods, I can just wish it into existence?”
Sam's lack of reaction bothers Dean, just a bit. He'd thought he'd never hear the end of it, once the cat was out of the bag, but he dropped multiple hints now and Sam ignored all of them. Or overheard them. It's not like Sam to overhear or oversee these things, though.
“No objections,” Cas hums, kisses his way down to Dean's collarbone. He doesn't seem to be all that much into the privacy plan.
Dean smirks at him, lets his eyes fall closed. “Let's make a few more?” he asks, goes in for a deep kiss, tilts Cas' chin up, and lets the tension build. They've become very good at this, at innocent little kisses that turn smoking hot within ten seconds, with just a head tilt and lips giving in, turning soft and wet and pliant. Open-mouthed kisses, hungry, vigorous. Tongues meeting, breath catching, gasping for air.
Dean doesn't react, he just slows down and rolls into the empty parking lot. There's a lone bench beside a cedar tree, and the view is beautiful.
Dean wonders if an orgasm in the morning mellows him out, but he is a lot more relaxed today.
Cas wakes up in the middle of the night and has enough consciousness to snap them into bed.
Dean has it, right there, on the tip of his tongue. It feels weird, just blurting it out. He's not the type to do that. He swore to himself he wouldn't become a sap like that. But the longer he holds Cas' gaze, the weaker he gets. Cas blinks at him, and picks up another pickle, closes his eyes when he bites into it, the crunch audible.
Dean chuckles. "I don't bat for humanoids in general."
Dean’s eyes flicker over to Sam, who seems to be just as confused as he feels. “What… okay?”
At least that makes her chuckle.
Dean huffs. “Strong, hard-headed, feisty. Knows what she wants. Had the biggest crush on me when we were younger.”
Last time: make-out sessions in the hot tub, lots of dirty talk, and Dean has some deep revelations during fishing.
Cas just looks at him, waits for Dean to continue. There's that specific arc to his left eyebrow, one of the many, many expressions Dean has learned to identify as a typical, endearing Cas thing. It only ramps up the affection swelling in his chest.
He doesn't know what time it is, but he later finds himself at the bar, chin on his hands, eyes drooping. It's been a long ride, a long conversation with Cas, a long evening with lots of catching up.
With no idea what she means, Dean turns to Cas, whose sheepish smile has turned into something deeper, more focused, eyes entirely on Dean. There's that spark, in them, again. Dean quirks an eyebrow at him, lifts his hand in a one-armed shrug.
Though he has to admit, he walked right into that one.
Suddenly, his heart does something he hasn't felt, ever, and he knows instinctively it has nothing to do with Cas.
Sam does, too.
They stay like that forever, hands roaming over bodies when they feel like it, and Dean learns that Cas' nipples aren't overly sensitive, but his soft spot is his collarbone, definitely. In-between stroking his hand down to the small of Cas' back, Dean places tender kisses there, enjoys the little shudders and goosebumps he can get out of Cas for that.
Dean feels hot and cold all at once. Cold from where Cas is now not touching him any more, but there are hot shivers chasing each other down his spine, settling low in his gut.
“We can do that,” Cas smiles. “And don't ever think you're bugging me, Dean.”
“Hi.” Dean returns the smile in kind, but keeps it short. “I’m Dean. Just wanted to say thanks for the drink.”
Dean imagines the bunker, and everything that happened there. How delighted he was to move in, to have his own room, his man cave, the freaking TV that zapped them into Scooby-World. But also all the people that died there. The hunters from Apocalypse World. How he and Sam almost died in there.
Cas is here. Cas is
Cas picks up the burger and takes a hefty bite. It's not pretty. There's a piece of salad at the corner of Cas' lips as he chews and talks at the same time. “It
“Heaven is perfectly fine, yes,” Cas nods, leaning forward to lay his hand on Dean's shoulder, right where his neck begins, and squeezes. The touch is weird, in a place like this, in a semi-public setting. But it calms Dean down, makes his stomach tingly. “Hello, Charlie.”
There’s a short pause before Castiel replies, this time, finally, looking at Dean. “Never look a gift horse in the mouth.”
So, thoughts on Dean and his big revelation? It was a bit all over the place but I figured, well -
Cas blinks at him, not getting it. Dean rubs his forehead.
“I’m a man of simple pleasures,” Dean shoots back, tongue-in-cheek.
Over what little space there is between the pilot’s and the navigator’s seat, Dean’s eyes meet Castiel’s. “We were one hell of a team there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam doesn't show.
Cas startles, nods his head in surprise and apparently doesn't know what to say.
Dean remembers the first time he went out shopping for a fitted suit. With the seams where they are supposed to go, with shoulder pads that didn't look like the suit was a hand-me-down from his dad, from the 80s. Looking at himself in the mirror, finding the suit accentuated his broad shoulders naturally. With a shirt that didn't leave room for three guns and a first aid kit if you tucked it into your pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean! Sam! Nice to see your ugly mugs back here.” Ash grins at them as he places an already mixed, neon pink drink in front of Dean. It looks like someone dumped glitter in it, too, because there’s an iridescent shine to it and a citrus fruit is perched on the rim.
Dean huffs. “Thanks, Bobby. I know I could have any part with just a snap, but... doesn't feel right, I guess. That's what makes old cars so damn great.”
With a huff and – there's no denying this – tears gathering in the corners of his eyes, Dean kisses him. Seems like it's one of those days.
Dean rolls his eyes in a full-body motion. “I'm getting out of here.”
He just sits down on the hood of the Impala, feet up on her chrome trim, and thinks. About the end of all things. About being killed by some vampire. He huffs with amusement. “A vampire did you in. You killed
“The cave? Or my room?” he suggests as he forces himself to take a step back and grab their empties. Leading the way, Dean puts them on the counter in the kitchen, on their way past.
Dean finds himself straddling Cas' lap on the bench seat, one foot on the floor, Cas' legs folded up impossibly behind Dean's back and again – the Impala is not a small car by
Never breaking eye contact, he starts stripping – pulling his shirt off with a lazy roll of his hips.
He's sure they all took note of him and Cas, there, but all he saw was quiet little smiles, averted eyes – not out of shame, but to not intrude on their moment – and yeah, that's what you do, isn't it?
Sam starts to smile, slowly, as he picks up the burger. “Tell Ash thank you for reigning you in.”
Dean laughs, then pulls Cas into his arms again. “I'm sorry, I swear I'm not making fun of you.”
Still sounding insecure, Cas opens the driver's side. “Are you sure?”
Dean props his chin up on his hand, looks at her for a long time before asks. “You weren't in love with her, were you?”
And it is a tad bit too tight and Dean did roll up his sleeves up to his elbows.
When they look over to the porch of Sam's and Eileen's house, there's Cas, leaning against the balustrade, Eileen exiting the house, closing the door behind herself. Dean only grins wider.
That evening at the Roadhouse, something feels weird.
“Naomi said—” Castiel starts, but he’s interrupted.
But it doesn't take long – and since Dean doesn't remember much from the prologue, it wasn't more than, what, five minutes? - he urged Cas to lose the trench coat and the suit. “C'mon, that can't be comfortable. Relax a little.”
He grabs Dean's hand, between them, and together, they wrap their hands around their joined dicks. Dean can only stare at him, mouth open, breathing hard, and then they resume their rhythm. And between them, he feels Cas' length along his, he wallows in the friction between them, the feeling of smooth skin, rough palms around them, just the right amount of pressure, and then there's the factor that he can always thrust up into their grip.
The burn isn't there, this time, only the stretch and this incredible, but weirdly shaped fullness.
Cas is firm and warm against his back, his hand splayed out on his stomach, and his chest rises and falls with slow, steady breaths that puff against Dean's neck, making the little hair there stand on edge.
Eventually, the tears stop.
So Billy Joel it is.
A jump will get them there instantly, even if it is more taxing on the fuel cell. It’s also a good thing that Baby isn’t all that huge a space ship — fewer particles to transport from A to B.
His fingertip rests just above Dean's rim, so close, nerves tingling, and Dean swallows his nerves and nods, “But first.”
And why is it always the kitchen, with them.
Dean thinks. But
“But that means…” Sam starts, thinks, lets his eyes roam over the machine room and Eileen. “We don’t know
Dean follows. There's a workbench and quite some handy machinery he appreciates and will probably used to overhaul Baby a bit. She could need some touch-ups.
When another realization hits Dean, he chuckles. “I really need to get used to this. Not having to worry about a case or things happening to innocent people or whatever.”
Mary claps her hands, asks Dean what kind of pie wants for coffee later, and Dean wordlessly gets up to join her at the kitchen counter, pulling Cas with him.
Except that Cas has one hand loosely curled around his bottle, and his other hand lies awkwardly on the table beside it. Dean's heart jumps and stops and after all the commotion earlier, after knowing that Cas gave up his grace for him, fell fully and irrevocably, there's nothing to really question, between them, is there? Even if he's a klutz about putting it into actual English words. He could still show Cas.
Last time: Sam and Dean arrive on one of the three Akkareas, meet Billie to make plans, and Dean and Cas share a surprisingly hot video chat.
But here he is, staring at Cas, who's sitting on the couch with his legs splayed wide, panting, plump lips falling apart and those blue, blue eyes hooded. Still beautiful. Still his Castiel. Dean grins at him, catches his lips again, trails kisses over his jaw to his ear, relishes in the shiver that runs through Cas.
eyebrow that Cas always seems to aim at Dean whenever he dares him to do something.
Dean doesn't need to check to know that he's feeling shy and is probably hiding a fond smile.
Now this will be the last update before Christmas, but as usual, expect the next chapter to be up by the end of the week (depending on how I get my writing done over the holidays). For anyone who's worried: no, we are not nearly done. And when I started this, I did not expect it to clock in at this wordcount, holy smokes.
When he leans back, Dean wiggles his eyebrows.
A sniffle, a little shake of his head. A tiny snore, slow, even breath.
When it comes down to it, hyperspace travel is really kind of boring. You just go from point A to point B in a straight line, de-materialized, slipping through time and space, with nothing to do until you’re there.
Then she's off, almost plowing over Dean who was very unprepared for that outburst.
And so help him Jack, Dean loves this angel, his angel, something fierce.
Yeah, they've become pretty good at all of this.
Dean has all of three seconds to think about his dilemma, plan his next action, set his gun to paralyze instead of kill, and shoot the first person straight from his hip. As they crumble onto the floor, the second one — humanoid,
That’s what counts and they can still drop the whole rebellion thing afterwards, if it gets too shady.
“Dethroning the Imperator, of course.”
It's easier, like this. These things have always been easier to say by prayer, always.
Dean laughs, and Sam snorts. “What?” they both burst out, at the same time.
Amara smiles, “Because I was there, I saw Dean's journey. I know, okay? And I'll make sure we're going through with this.”
“Thanks,” Dean answers, on the exhale. For a long moment, he lets his eyes linger on hers, then shakes his head. When has he ever kept his hook-ups a secret? Why would he start now? It’s not like he’s ashamed of Cas. Far from it.
Thank you guys so much for your comments, you made me very happy! <3 Love seeing your responses and I'm so looking forward to what you're going to say after reading this... fair warning: not a long chapter. But we've got big events coming up. Enjoy!
It's amazing how they got the hang of it so quickly.
Dean's hand lands on the small of Cas' back, on instinct, to ground himself. They haven't even had time to talk this through, Dean doesn't even know where he stands with Cas at this point. Who they are to each other? Couldn't Chuck have given them a moment to figure this out?
"Pancakes," Dean mutters under his breath.
Dean inhales fresh forest air, and knows that he'll be here, forever. Without a job, without a purpose. There's only so many issues he can fix on Baby. That he technically doesn't need to fix.
Who else would he ask, anyway?
If Cas wanted to kiss him, he could always turn his head and do it. And all of today and yesterday has been about Dean, it's about time that he lets Cas have some control. But, if Cas wants to talk about kissing, Dean can do that.
He starts with quick, purposeful strokes, watches in awe as Cas curls his hands into the sheets and closes his eyes. And then Dean's hand is around the head of his cock, jerks him, just the right amount of pressure, just the right alternation of quick and hard to loose and slow. Blue eyes close and plush lips fall open and Dean can't believe he gets to do this, gets to be the reason for this. He thumbs at the ridge of Cas' cock, draws circles around it with his fingertips, until Cas is a squirming mess under him.
And Dean feels like it's his first time all over again. “Humor me,” he says, smiles at Cas as he pulls down his pants.
He feels the familiar growing need, feels his balls tightening against his leg, the head of his cock becoming almost oversensitive, and with one more stroke, just one, Cas could.
Cas nods, then says, slow and deliberate. “Before we head to breakfast... Yes, it is, but I'm glad you told me, and I'm sure we both needed to get this out into the open, so thank you. Emotional vulnerability and honesty are key elements of a functioning relationship, you know.”
“The one where we were women. Where we had sex.”
Last time: Dean, Eileen and Cas team up to fix Baby, Dean says goodbye to Cas, and Cas reports about an accomplished mission.
The staring match between them is one last reassurance. One last gaze that says, 'Are we doing this?' and a nod, a confident smile.
What Dean wants, more than anything, is to have Cas writhe under his hands, under his touch, in his mouth. He looks gorgeous, like this, fully clothed and only his cock out, curving towards his stomach, and Dean drinks the picture in, reaches for him again and does the simplest thing.
, heh.) Ahem. I'll see myself out.
Jack shrugs. “And I have free reign to go anywhere. Even into the Empty.”
Cas glares at him, fire in his eyes as he shakes his head. “Dean Winchester, you test me.”
“Only at night.” She nods. “See, we are Akkarean descendants, so we don’t deal well with the heat.”
“So, pitstop at the fuel shop, quick look into Baby’s engine, water top-up and off we go?” Dean asks, through a mouth full of toast and crispy bacon.
. Every bit in command. The shadows over her eyes obscure her features, but her pointy ears give her away — Akkarean.
“You fought your way out against six or seven Drifters,” Castiel notes, audibly impressed.
That's answer enough and Dean laughs with his mouth full. “Okay,” he says, swallowing the delicious piece of mini-cheeseburger.
“What do we do now?” Dean gulps.
A breathless laugh escapes Dean at a particularly hard thrust against his ass. No, he'd never thought it'd feel like this. Yes, he could get used to it. Cas holds him, hand splayed on his chest, as he holds his breath, and Dean
The garden out back opens up down the hill, to the lake Dean saw earlier, and he can't wait to go fishing there.
That makes a dopey grin appear on Mary's lips and Dean can't help but mirror it. It feels right to see her happy and at peace, not only with where she's at, but also at peace with Jack. It was the right thing to not try to bring her back, no matter how much it hurt, no matter how much he and Cas--
Dean showers as soon as they get home.
he reminds himself. “Cas, I, uh. The other night. I might've told Charlie that we had something going on.”
Dean swallows at that. “What do you mean?”
Cas pulls his hand off and Dean groans, frustration and heat and desperation.
All the frustration of the day spills over, and Dean sees red — which means he doesn’t hesitate two seconds before clocking the guard.
“Hello.” The stranger nods at him, his smile now reaching his eyes, which are a startling, glowing blue up close.
He turns into the driveway and kills the motor. Sam is out of the car before Dean even has the car in park, and he takes the steps two at a time to reach his wife.
but she and Sam volunteer to do the dishes anyhow, so it's Dean and Cas on their own, at the long table in the library, picking at the labels of their bottles and trying to procrastinate the inevitable.
Waving him off, Dean shakes his head. “Looking for information.”
Dean nods, slowly. “Okay. What’s the catch?”
His Mom already told them she expects them all for Sunday dinner this week, and every Sunday from now on.
Dean groans, pulls him up with both hands on his cheeks, framing his beautifully sculpted face – so what if orgasm makes Dean poetic, it's just in his mind – and kisses him, with lots of tongue, tasting himself there. Since he's already succumbed to the fact that he will have to shower again anyway, he slides down the counter, kneels on the floor between Cas' feet.
Dean does, and laughs. “Well I'm not most people, and Baby here is not most cars,” he says, hands trailing over the worn, soft leather of the wheel. “But wait, there are cars? What about, I dunno, accidents and stuff?”
Dean shrugs, “I do now,” and storms off before he can embarrass himself any further.
"My point exactly." Sam looks up into the sky, at a vantage point in the gunner's seat. "Did you get the chip?"
And that's Sam, waving at him over the heads of most of the patrons.
(where everyone is welcome to join us!) for the barebacking joke. That gem had to go in there, thank you so much!
He shakes off the tangent his mind has headed down. He has bigger things to worry about, like getting the full picture before making a decision on joining the rebellion or not.
“For what I put you through, Dean,” Chuck adds. “It wasn't intended, not at first. No, this was not the ending I had in mind. But, as always when I screw up, you just waltz in and make the story your own. So I guess you earned it. Kinda.”
This chapter needs an honest disclaimer. I know quite some people want to see John's head on a plate for what he did to Sam and Dean, and rightfully so. It's going to be emotional, but I promised no hurt, all comfort. And as the show pointed out on multiple accounts itself: the road to hell is paved with good intentions. This chapter hits close to home for me and while I won't bore you with my sob story, because it isn't one, it's a story of empowerment - so should Dean's. With that in mind, enjoy!
“Wonder what Jack is up to right now,” Dean mumbles into Cas' hair. He had excused himself after dinner.
Eileen smiles through tears, shakes her head. “No, we thought he was in the Empty. In our time you both were gone for the past forty years.”
Cas only looks increasingly confused with every instruction Dean gives.
“Yeah, I mean, what else is there? Dean, you have seen it, what happens if I make myself the ultimate endboss to fight. It doesn't matter if I'm Sauron or Ganondorf, not against you two. You'll always find a way to get me. So there you have it. I'm done. Have your world, have your free will, screw you guys, I'm going home,” and with a grin, Chuck waves his hands towards the exit of the bunker, but makes no move to leave.
He wants to make Cas feel
Cas' hair is a mess, and Dean runs his hand through it, through thick strands that end in cute little curls behind his ears. His look is to die for, disheveled and sexy and so confident as Cas reaches for their cocks, between them. And yet, Dean cannot take it any longer than all of five strokes, before it's too much already.
Dean decides that the porch swing is a few inches too long, and shifts so they sit closer together. Cas meets him in the middle with a hidden smile.
“Mission? What mission?” Dean asks.
Dean sits back on his heels, knees on either side of Cas' hips, and just absorbs the picture laid out in front of him.
He always knew Sam would only get a life if hunting wasn't an option any more.
Except he
He tries not to be smug about it and fails.
They wallow in comfortable silence for a while. Dean wonders if Ash fell asleep on the toilet, but he probably got held up talking to Ellen or someone else.
“I'm good, Cas,” he nods solemnly, “real good.”
But she's one of his best friends, she knows him, she knows Cas. She wouldn't ask just to wind him up. And she's gay.
Dean flops down on the bed like a wet sack of potatoes, and notices Cas sitting down on the only chair in the room.
Thanks for reading. Thanks to everyone of you who commented, I can assure you that I opened every notification with glee. You guys made posting every single chapter so much fun.
“Huh,” Dean tilts his head, adds, “Well,” and floors the gas pedal.
“Dean,” Cas intones, cradling Dean's face to look at him, “Listen, if you want to do this later or elsewhere, please tell me, I'll--”
People, we have one more chapter to go. It won't be as long, because it's the epilogue. But you'll enjoy it. Thanks for reading this far, it's been a joy for me.
“Yeah, I... appreciate it,” Dean says, tapping the hood of the car.
Cas sighs, and Dean feels it now, hears the gears turning in his mind.
That makes Dean grin. “Well, she
Cas doesn't let go of his hand.
And then Cas is on him, again, licking along his lips, tip of his tongue dipping into Dean's mouth, and Dean forgets where the taste of Cas begins and where it mingles with his own. Forgets to think, forgets to stop, forgets why his heart jumps and his stomach tingles. Slowly, slowly, they calm down, lips still roaming, but more tender, more afterglow than actual heat.
“Obviously I found out pretty soon that it was more complicated than that.”
Kevin and Ash are playing pool and Dean wonders how they haven't set it on fire yet. They take this shit way too seriously.
Cas pulls off, leans down, eyes connecting with Dean's as he licks at the base, at coarse blonde hair, and eases his fingers from their hold around the shaft. Fingertips trail lower as Cas' tongue laps upwards, all the way to the top, before he closes his lips around him again, bops down once, twice.
But once they sign-off with a promise to talk again soon, his mind circles back to Castiel’s chosen flight route.
“Sure,” Ash smiles, looks pointedly at where they're touching, “Also, awesome to finally meet you, Castiel. Heard a lot about you.”
And they could, couldn't they? Those two fingers don't hurt. What's a bit more?
She taps at her communicator unit on her sleeve. “They know where I am. And they know I’m capable of fixing an engine and a reactor, and I can fend for myself.”
Jack nods, “Yes.”
tall, taller than Dean — hits the gun out of his hand and Dean uses the opportunity to punch them in the gut, hard. They curl into themselves, and Dean braces his hands on their shoulders and knees them between the legs. Whatever parts they have, they are well and truly crushed and there’s two down, two to go.
Cas quirks an eyebrow at him. “Okay, let's not get into this,” Dean huffs. “But, hold up, what did you say to that?”
The things he learns about himself since Cas shares his bed.
Reaches up, cradles Dean's face in both hands and puts his lips on Dean's, so tender, so loving that it makes Dean gasp.
“If you don't mind, I'll watch some TV. Heaven is quiet. No maintenance for me, so I'd rather stay here.”
“You ‘n me both, kid.” Bobby steps in to hug Sam, too.
Mary appears behind John's back, somewhere around the last two sentences, places her hand on his shoulder and squeezes it. “See, that wasn't so hard, darling,” she smiles.
In the end, the silence stretches, and Dean excuses himself after a quick thanks and another sip-wince-hum of the pink glitter-slime. On his way back to Sam, he notices two things.
“First, I’d like to ask you two questions.”
“Are vegan farts still toxic or are they, you know, environmentally friendly?” Dean wrinkles his nose.
Dean lines up shot glasses and fills them as Jo gets tray after tray to the tables. The liquid in the bottle is a deep, burgundy-purple, thick liquor sloshing out. It smells sweet and spicy and Dean has never had anything like it. He expects something too sweet and fruity, like raspberries and black currant.
so no pressure, really.'
And he knows half of that he didn't even consciously put into a prayer, it just spilled out, poured out from his overflowing heart, and there was nothing he could do but prop his head against his hands, put his elbows against his knees, and cry his eyes out. His thoughts spun in useless, fruitless circles, around a trench coat and dark hair and a toothy grin he so rarely got to see, and lost chances.
“That it's real? This time?” Cas asks, tips the cutting board to slide the diced bell pepper into the waiting pot, to keep the sizzling onions, garlic and celery company.
What are four days compared to forty years Sam spent without him on earth?
Friday sees Cas planting carrot and radish seeds in the greenhouse, tomato and cucumber plants next to long, swirling metal rods that Dean helps carry, and after all that hard labor, they are so tired that nothing more than lazy kissing happens in the shower. They even lie down for a short afternoon nap together, and Cas is the big spoon and Dean is in heaven. No, really.
And at this point, Dean is so glad that he had talked about this with Cas, in detail, before. About all the feelings, before, during, and after that confession that pulled the rug out under him. “At the time, it was all too much. And I know that you'd only ask me if that feeling was mutual and I don't know if I could've been honest about it back then.”
They stay in silence for a while, and as Dean tries to sort his thoughts, Cas waits.
It goes down with a spicy, slightly bitter aftertaste. “What the fuck was that?” Dean frowns.
Cas wouldn't need to do any of it. Resting to counter fatigue, showering, sleeping, and Dean knows he only does it because he likes those rituals with Dean.
Sam realizes her using ISL — intergalactic sign language — might have a simpler explanation, and talking at her through the speaker system is kind of pointless. He takes the leap of faith, takes a deep breath and opens the airlock.
” He slaps the back side of his hand against Sam’s thigh. “Check it out. Two o’clock, at the bar.”
Eventually, he looks up, and in all the years they've known each other, Dean can name one exact situation that he felt this floored by the power of those blue eyes.
He hesitates, with his hand on the door handle.
And down the small gravel road the Impala crawls.
Ash conjures up a huge platter of burgers and snacks. It plops onto the floor beside him with a clang.
Dean swallows. Hard.
“What?” Amara says. “You gave them friends and allies, turned them into vampires and werewolves and never thought they would want to see them again in heaven?” When Chuck doesn't answer, she turns to Cas once again. “Your grace will be gone. And once you're human, you won't be able to take it back. Not this time. So you might as well give it to Jack, so nobody else can use it.”
As they head into the house through the side door, Dean feels an odd sense of deja-vu. The layout of the house seems familiar, and it's not until he sees the kitchen that he recognizes it.
Cas smirks, works his arm around Dean, too, hooking his shoulder under Dean's. “See, you always try to gloss over it, but you're a romantic at heart, Dean.”
“I want a beehive,” Cas says, “And a garden.”
“Probably just wants to know where you’ve been.”
It's like a dam broke.
“All seven of us, you mean? They're all over the globe, but actually, Jack put a lot of thought into this rebuild. Lot of automatics, no angels needed to push buttons for eternity. There's not much to do for us,” Cas tilts his head back, empties the bottle in his hand. "We live here like humans."
Dean shouldn't watch, for all the lesbian porn he's watched in his day, it just feels wrong when it's his friends, but he can also barely overlook the fact that Jo turns her head and kisses Charlie square on the lips, one, two, three times, and the third one lingers.
Cas winks, badly. “Sure, just call me.”
Dean smirks, “You know me too well.”
Sure, it's sometime in the afternoon – they took a detour, drove around for a bit just because they could, Dean drove by the Roadhouse, their parents' place, and a few others – and it's Cas' usual time for his rounds, but Dean had been looking forward to seeing him once he gets home.
Grinning, Dean sits back on his heels and pulls Cas up with him, both to give him better access and so he can get Cas' shirt off, too. With his legs to either side of Cas' hip, it's the perfect position for making out, for frottage, for some groping, and Dean has learned to love being on top.
“Yeah, right,” Sam mumbles, then activates the speaker system again. “I’m not letting you in until you tell me what you’re doing here and where you’re from.”
Dean huffs out a laugh as Cas rubs against his prostate, as he feels the pressure building, as he feels his balls tighten.
Dean's insides do something unspeakable, and he is too overwhelmed to do anything more than pull Cas into a hug and not let go, ever again.
However, there's Jody, standing right in front of them, arms crossed, bright grin on her face as she waves her index finger from Dean to Cas and back. “What happened there?”
Cas waves him over to the other side of the bar. “Why don't you sit down, Dean,” he says. “You've been on your feet all evening.”
“You’ll go to Akkarea.”
So Dean leans down, rests his weight on his elbows, at both sides of Cas' head, wraps his fingers into just long enough strands of dark hair, and makes out with Cas like he's sixteen and has no idea what to do or where this might go, like he's sixteen and kissing is the most amazing thing to do, like a bit of frottage over clothes is the most he hopes to get out of this, like he's sixteen and orgasms are still something that happens and nothing he can control.
His heart isn't in on the plan yet, and is beating too hard, too loud. Dean feels drawn too tight. How will this day end, with them kissing? He's nervous. Looking at Cas' lips, closing around a piece of banana in a completely un-sexy way, he sighs under his breath. Maybe they'll finally get there. He feels somewhat ready. Maybe if the situation presents itself. Maybe some internal prep-talk will help, but overall, he feels like he could do it.
So for the rest of the morning, Dean sits on their porch swing and watches Cas pull weeds in their back yard, watches him water plants and cut the roses. It's serene, watching him work. He texts Eileen in-between, asks how she's doing (fine), if Sam has shown up yet (no), what she's doing for lunch (nothing fancy, but she wants to be alone). He talks to his Mom on the phone, and when Cas notices, he mouths, 'Mary?' at Dean, so Dean nods. Cas waves, then turns back towards his roses. “Cas says Hi,” he relays, and after accepting the reciprocated wishes, he swallows and asks, “So how did Dad take the news?”
“Yeah, next time, we’re driving.”
Bobby nods, slowly, then puts his beer on the table behind them and flips the steaks. “See, I meant with you and Cas.”
“Plus, John did get the short end of the stick,” Mary notes amused. “Two boys in puberty as a single parent, I guess that wasn't fun.”
Cas smiles, a lopsided little smile that's ten kinds of cute and Dean wants to kiss it right off his perfect face but he surely won't do that in front of his Dad. So he reaches under the table, places his hand on top of Cas' that's still on his thigh.
Even Pamela had shown up and that first conversation between her and Eileen was one that had Dean snicker even after it was long since over.
And for fuck's sake, he needs to get home and get Cas out of his work pants and into bed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eileen nods. “I hoped he'd be here... soon. But I guess I can wait another night.”
again.”
Sam snorts.
Dean's eyes are closed, but he starts to drift towards waking up.
Dean doesn't remember when he last had almost a full night of rest.
“Of course.”
Dean doesn't need words, he knows. “You saved my life. Without your sacrifice, we wouldn't have made it. And--” he chokes, laughs through his tears. “To think that your love was what saved the day, that shit's poetic, you know.”
“Chee--” Dean raises his own glass, when Ellen stops him with a hand on his elbow.
He's glad Ash read the room right, though. Maybe because these are things he doesn't want to hear from Dean, either, but still.
Ducking his head, Dean scratches the back of his neck, feeling a bit uncomfortable. He wished he could. Well, he probably could, if he wanted to. He could get over it and just do it but – there's this little voice in the back of his head that wants to wait for it. For the right moment, the right situation. “You'll know when I am,” is what he says, in the end. “You'll know when the time is right.”
Sam coughs, grins when he has the guy's attention. Points at Dean and says, “Dean, this is Dean.”
He puts his empty glass down and strolls over, an easy swing to his hips as he wipes his hands on his towel and puts his most charming smile on.
Dean is grinning. Has been all afternoon. “Thanks, Cas,” he says, quietly.
With a chuckle, Dean pulls him close, tucks him under his chin, nose buried in sea water hair.
Those full, pink lips, curling around his dick. That long, dexterous tongue around the head of it, trailing circles, licking down the length of it, blue eyes fixed on him.
Some help Dean is at this point. He’s probably either drunk or getting laid or both.
Dean wants to purr under Cas' ministrations, it's that good. Satisfying, scratching an itch, soothing.
He also has never kissed a man before and junkless or not, Cas is in a male vessel.
“On what?”
And with as much of a non-spoiler that I can give you: don't worry about Sam.
When Cas looks up, Dean kisses him. Long enough so it's more than a peck, short enough so it's not inappropriate in company.
Cas turns his head and Dean's heart stops.
Dean thinks about it. It's probably not a bad idea to define boundaries beforehand. He thinks about Ellen and Bobby and Rufus and Ash and Jo. Neither of them would have anything to say about it. And if there's some hunter who'd had an issue with it, Dean feels confident to tell them to fuck off.
Dean rubs his forehead. Really, he's a grown man, he should get used to this sometime soon. “When he told me that he loves me, I told him, me too. That's when the portal opened.”
Probably because the thought of gay sex alone makes Dean all hot and bothered. Not even porn, but gay sex. Which, yes, he's somehow, sometime going to have with Cas. Is it gay if it's with a genderless being in a male vessel? Logistics alone are going to be a challenge, though, semantics aside.
The edges of Castiel’s lips tick up after a moment’s hesitation, but he never gets to answer.
Charlie intercepts him, throws herself into his arms as soon as he’s through the door. “Dean! Finally!”
And damnit, but Dean is proud, too. Maybe he gets it now, what Charlie meant. Or starts to get it.
So while Cas goes on patrol, they hang out in Sam's and Eileen's living room, as it once was, without Sam's special care bed. Eileen shows them albums and albums full of pictures of Dean Jr., of him growing up, playing baseball in middle and high school – catcher, the brainy type, like his dad, she says – graduation, prom, his first driving lesson in their car, and in the Impala, looking two seconds away from crapping his pants. “They only started her in the garage, never even got her into reverse,” Eileen laughs.
The kitchen, he has his issues with. “It's kind of empty, here,” Dean notices, standing in the middle of the room, spinning on his heel.
I swear, every time I think I can finally give you an accurate chapter counter and put a mental lid on this, I remember the ten other things I wanted to have in this fic.
He breathes.
It's not enough and Dean needs Cas closer, just closer, so he doesn't hesitate to grab Cas' ass with both hands, smirks when blue eyes fall shut around a groan he totally caused. With a proud grin, he shoves his hard dick against Cas' again – and the way their bodies move against each other's, slick, wet skin sliding over slick, wet skin, bubbles trailing and tickling on their way upwards, it feels amazing all around.
Dean only loves him more for it. Taking none of his shit, that's Cas.
After their talk, Cas has not changed or behaved any different than the days before.
“What good would it do to freak out at this point?” Castiel replies. “We have to find a way out of this, and we will. I have faith.”
Dean says, surprising himself, “This irrational need to throw ourselves into the fire for each other, it was unhealthy anyway.”
9 p.m. is still too early to sleep, they decide, and so they watch the rest of the second Winnetou movie. They don't talk much, high-strung with anticipation.
“I wish I could say what the big deal is about all this, but knowing him...” Dean trails off. Knowing John, and knowing what his upbringing had resulted in, regarding himself, Dean knows what the big deal is. And it has more to do with John than it concerns him, so it shouldn't bother him. It does and it doesn't, to a point.
Well, it gets a snort out of Dean.
So he makes pancakes, humming to some tune from the tape deck, sings under his breath,
That makes Cas smile through his tears that have started to flow freely now. “I know what that feels like, yes.”
Cas zaps them home, and they fall into bed and into each other's arms immediately. Sleep comes easy, that night.
“But you live here? Why?”
Dean blames it entirely on the fact that he’s still battling the after-effects of the paralyzing gun, his brain fuzzy, his head heavy — there’s no other reason for him to stare at Castiel’s crotch. But he does.
“Dean Singer.”
The people who took in a girl and two boys and raised them alongside their daughter. The people who never asked for anything.
So yes, to see someone approaching their ship, the SOS signal long disabled, without a warning, without getting into contact, is suspicious at best and dangerous at worst.
“All done? What happened?” And because it's what he does, Dean hands Cas a cup of coffee.
It's heady and need is flaring up in his body, unstoppable, all-consuming, curling down low in his balls, tightening, his dick twitching in Cas' hand.
The plot thickens, my friends! Thanks for following along and thank you so much for your comments <3 Each and every single one makes me so happy!
Cas shuts his mouth, the edges of his lips quirking upwards.
Dean swallows, every bit of amusement fading from his voice. “Ah, that.”
Surely they aren't back yet, not from a four-hour flight. And that's four hours
Dean snorts. “Yeah, maybe that's part of it. Maybe that-- what just happened, I let it happen, to see what it feels like, to see how we can work with that in the future. I mean, it's fun, isn't it? Trying out new stuff. I'm damn curious.”
“Nah, sorry,” Dean shifts on his feet, hip bumping into Cas' on accident, “Definitely another day, but there's still so many people I'd like to say hello to.” He stays where he is, the touch grounding him.
It seems to work for Cas, though, who pushes his cock down and guides it between Dean's lips. Dean slides lower against the pillow to adjust the angle, but he has a minimized range of movement here, and he can't talk.
After a moment’s hesitation, Bobby nods. “Just be careful, boys. And know that we’re here when you need us.”
For the moment, though, he's good. He has Cas and delicious food and Cas is half-naked in their kitchen. He likes where this is going.
Last time: Charlie discovers Mary on an old tape, Sam and Dean decide to work with Crowley, and an unexpected issue with Baby leaves them stranded on an inhospitable planet.
Dean has kept and attended to Baby’s needs ever since he was old enough to hand Bobby a wrench. It didn’t matter that her dark tiled heat shield needed more maintenance than a modern ship would. She had been his Dad’s, had traveled the galaxy with them, after the bomb, when they searched for Mary and John all over, and Bobby had handed her over, officially, when Dean dropped out of school at 16; in fact, it was the only thing he had left, of both his parents.
For a moment, they search each other's eyes for permission, for intent, for purpose.
The thing is, Dean won't dive head-first into this again, just to have history repeat itself.
Cas is here. Will be here. No more apocalypses, Lucifers rising, no more demons and Cains and Darknesses. They're done, they're at peace. For a few breathless moments, he grins a dopey grin at Cas.
And Dean looks after him with wide eyes, speechless for all of five seconds before he decides that he’s not a lovesick teenager, thank you very much, and closes the airlock.
“It just fits, for you two. You're both way too stubborn for your own good. To be literally at Death's door, that's the only way either one of you would ever have admitted it. Am I wrong?”
Surprisingly, Dean doesn't feel freaked out or anything. It's
He should wait for Dean. Discuss this. Listen to him, hear him out, consider his opinion. No, he can’t do this alone, doesn’t want to do this alone.
for him, in a
Cas locks eyes with him, then slowly lifts his chin up, studying Dean as if to find out what his intentions are, as if that wasn't obvious.
Cas noses against his neck. “If you're insinuating we should have uninhibited, loud intercourse so Sam and Rowena are forced to listen to it—”
Dean averts his eyes before he asks while commencing his work, “What's the last scene you remember, before the Empty?”
Jack nods, then turns to Castiel.
Cas snorts out a laugh, then pushes Dean off with his chin high and eyes blazing, and heads for the bathroom, losing the apron along the way. Dean watches, mesmerized, as he walks behind him. Now that's a sight for sore eyes.
It's too much. All too much. Dean wraps his hand around both of them, starts a hard, fast rhythm, no more wallowing in the moment, enjoying the journey, whatever – he
Mostly because he feels like he hasn't seen Cas all day – fishing with Jack, grilling with Bobby, tinkering around the salvage yard all afternoon – but he also feels gross and so he hadn't tried all that much. It felt better to get it done and over with.
He's hard now, fully there. No use hiding it. Cas, bless him, doesn't comment on it.
Jack's smile is unwavering. “The lord works--”
“You know, that's entirely too many vegetables and entirely too little meat,” Dean grouses at the celery like it has personally offended him, then throws the sticks into the sink to wash.
Yeah, there'd been
Dean swallows. Those electric blue eyes are swimming with heat.
basically, to the guy.
“Checking the converter, like I offered. See? No tools around here. I was just looking. Promise. You can put the gun away.”
She blinks, pats his shoulder. “It is. But let’s wait until Sam’s here.”
“Most likely. And someone popular, too. On those days, people are flocking to the Roadhouse. It's some kind of inner alarm bell going off, consciously or unconsciously,” she nods, den grabs a glass for herself. “Hey, share.”
“As long as you want me to, I don’t have anywhere to be.”
Cas' hands slip under the collar of Dean's shirt, slip it right off where it hangs loosely around his shoulders. When his fingertips meet the still reddened, not quite healed skin on his left shoulder, Dean shudders – there's no pain, it's more like goosebumps, like a shiver running through his body, his soul, like every cell of his being accepts that this is who laid claim to him.
Last time: Dean picks up Sam from the bridge, Cas and Eileen wait for them at home, and the rest of the gang welcomes Sam at the Roadhouse.
“I thought you wouldn't make fun of us?” Dean scowls at him, even though he knows Sam only meant it as a joke.
Charlie sighs, a defeated, “Yeah.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean asks Cas, later that night, when they are naked and under the covers after a shower together that involved entirely too much touching and a surprising lack of orgasms. “How does this line up? Sam's been here for a few days but Jody is older than both of us. Not much, but older.”
Dean looks at the coffee cup in his hands, finds himself smiling. “Yeah. It's what I always wanted.”
Dean laughs, gets the keys for the Impala out of his jacket. “Let's go.”
Surely Cas wouldn't give up his grace if he could just—
Okay, so maybe Cas hates him a little bit right now, but it's not like he didn't know what he was in for.
For now, he can be happy just looking at Cas. He wants to hug him, but there's two open bottles of beer still in his hands and Cas sits on the car, facing forward like Dean, and it's just an awkward angle and they can always do this later.
and gets behind the wheel. As he pulls out onto the road, he chuckles. “Not much traffic.”
Since Dean has his glass at his lips, sipping delicious Laphroig, Cas answers, “You have a place. It's wherever you want it to be. It's whatever you want it to be.”
Dean doesn't have words. “Finally showing your face, huh,” he states. Lucky for Chuck, Dean is too happy to have Cas back. Lucky for Chuck, Dean's anger is somewhat pacified by the memory of a Cas in tears, by 'You did it, all of it, for love.' Lucky for Chuck, Dean is so thrown, emotionally, by the events of the past minutes, that he can't even lash out at the moment.
Because his lips feel amazing on Dean's, because he's soft and deliberate in everything he does. Because Dean loves him.
Cas' fingers are at the back of his head, locking him in place as Cas licks Dean's mouth open, and
Dean opens his mouth, his throat, takes it all in, swallows around Cas' length, a few drops escaping the corners of his lips. And the next second, Dean spills into his hand with just two more strokes of his hand. His groan gets entirely muffled by Cas, riding out his orgasm, and Dean is overwhelmed with all of it. Surprised, speechless, as heat runs up to the tips of his ears.
“I was thinking lasagna, to get everybody fed,” Dean answers, bending down to root around in the freezer for some ground beef. He comes up short, though. “If we weren't out of minced meat.”
“You too, boy,” she answers, arms outstretched as she approaches to hug him. Dean drops Cas' hand on reflex. “And you, Castiel,” she adds, over his shoulder. “It's been too long.”
So Sam waits. And tosses and turns and eventually falls into a fitful, restless sleep, dreams of an Akkarean ship slamming into a pile of sand, and then he sees his mother standing on top of it. Also, there’s Eileen, and Castiel is holding hands with Dean to the side.
Sam and Eileen get out of the car, and Cas leans over to place a short peck on Dean's lips. Sighing into the kiss, Dean holds Cas in place with a hand at the back of his head, follows his lips for a bit more reassurance. Not that he needs it.
“So, you gonna hit on that Pro’aloon or what?” Sam prompts him over the rim of his beer.
There's no tears, this time.
And there, propped up on a holding beam in the corner, among other big and small space ships of various origins, sits Castiel’s Akkarean, totally-not-stolen dumpster of a ship.
At least Cas had the presence of mind to zap them into clothes. Somehow, that makes this less awkward.
“My pleasure,” Cas shrugs, smiling humbly.
“No,” Castiel whispers, between kisses, between a flick of tongue. “Let me. I want, no, don’t — want to feel you, too.”
Keeping busy feels really, really good. Bustling about, serving plates, collecting empty bottles, cutting limes for tequila shots, Dean is in his element.
“I love you, too.”
Still, no sign of Sam.
There's a constant, low-level, half-boner bugging the hell out of him.
When he turns around to plate the eggs, Cas smiles.
While Cas uses the shower, Dean goes to fetch them new clothes – for Cas, too.
Cas holds his gaze, waits, then cocks his head to the side like only he does. He doesn't need to say it for Dean to hear it.
Standing up is a feat; his legs are like lead and his knees are like rusty old bolts. So much for going out on Tachuan to get his mind off things. ‘Things’ are more prominent than ever before, and that particular
He buries his nose in the shot glass, downs the liquor. Everything is a bit much.
Eileen flutters her lashes. “Why would I lie to you?”
It's unusual, driving with Cas in the passenger seat, and Sam and Eileen in the back, instead of Sam beside him.
Dean fiddles with the cassette deck, and it's not Zeppelin any more, but a mix tape of Boston, Motörhead, Foreigner and The Scorpions.
When they get to the burping game, Dean can't stop laughing. Shaking the Wiimote up and down in a jerking motion. Then pushing the button to open the soda bottle and, mimicking Ash' stunt with the beer can before, holding it up to your mouth to drink it down. That stupid mini game has all the sexual implications that Dean's mind, which is very comfy in its gutter, thank you very much, just cannot ignore.
“Yeah, sure. Just. Be careful.”
He nibbles at Cas' collar bone because it's right there under his lips.
I also apologize for the abundance of italics in this chapter. There was just
A flutter of wings tells him Cas is gone, so he gets his jacket, the keys of the Impala, and gets her on the road.
“Fuck,” Dean curses, but then Castiel yanks at his elbow, leads them through a sliding door into a huge hall — no, into the loading bay.
(See the end of the chapter for
Really, it all began and it all ended with that angel in his arms.
Dean runs his hands over Sam’s ribs, hands flat and just enough pressure to make Sam flinch. “Does it hurt? Any stabbing pain? Can you breathe?”
Sam doesn't show up until they are well into lunch-time.
He probably reeks ten feet against a stiff breeze, but while it doesn’t bother him, he has had enough of Sam’s teasing. There are going to be enough opportunities to hold this night over Sam’s head, whatever he was up to. He can be subtle about this. Or something.
And after a week of hanging out with each other, Dean is almost restless, looking forward to the Roadhouse tonight. It's a Saturday, so he's showering and getting ready, wraps his shoulders into a too-tight t-shirt and jeans that he knows make his ass look delectable.
Cas grabs her hand across the table, squeezes it. “He'll be here soon enough.”
Lets his eyes fall shut, pushes down with his hips, fingers clawing at Cas' shoulder blades as he reaches his climax without a hand on his dick, shooting dirty white ropes of come splattering against Cas' chest. He feels the heaving breaths against his lips, against his rib cage, and reaches for Cas' dick between them, strokes him to completion, and Cas buries his face in Dean's neck as he gives in to his orgasm, too.
He half-expects Cas' side to only have tan trench coats, ten blue ties, and several cheap black suits and part of him would be amused, but for the most part, he'd be disappointed. Honestly, he would really like to see Cas in different clothing – and less layers – for once.
Ellen nods. “Yeah, um. That kid of yours was here.”
“Or, give up your grace and become human, soul and all. Live like one, die like one, go to heaven like one.”
Dean’s first spoonful of chili never makes it to his mouth as the food drips back into his bowl.
“Married, yes. Just a small thing up here.”
Dean opens his arms for Cas to step into his embrace. He really needs some physical contact, realizes he craves it. The perks of being in a relationship.
Dean reaches for his breast pocket and pulls out the data chip. It's small, round, unassuming. The data on it is enough to get them a much-needed new fuel cell for Baby, a nice night or two out on Tachuan, and no worries about food for the foreseeable future. With a grin, he holds it out to the camera. "There."
– and Dean doesn't hesitate tackling Cas down onto the mattress, pinning him with his body as he crawls over him. He can't help but grin with anticipation.
Cas' eyes go wide. “And you?”
Dean sighs.
“And now, let's head over to our gang?” Jo suggests, a light shudder going through her as the shot goes down.
For a moment, he lies there on the floor, boneless, panting, and just closes his eyes. They made it.
in the Empty. Cas rebuilt heaven with Jack.
“Yes.”
Cas squints at him as he carefully inquires, “You enjoyed that, right? May I try it, too?”
Cas still looks at him strange, lips not quite closed, and so, so plush, so kissable.
He has to think about that for a while, and decides that he doesn't need to filter his answer here, not for Charlie. “Mostly? Elated. Makes coming out easier. But also like a dumbass. Wasted so much time, when we could've had it all. And a bit angry. Like, why now, why not tell us back when we were down on earth. All we got was mockery and taunts at best, or they used us against each other. It fucking sucked,” Dean grumbles.
Dark locks, dark skin. He only sees her back, but his heart stops. For a heartbeat, he thinks it's Billy, but when she turns around, looking for someone, Dean recognizes her instantly.
That's also when Eileen notices Dean and grins.
Dean ponders.
“I could always hang up,” she shoots back with a cheeky grin, “But… I found something you guys should be interested in. So get your asses home, I need to show you something.”
Eventually, Bobby looks up at him. “So, what've you been up to, son? Enjoying heaven?”
Cas shuts his already open mouth.
of them. But he also gets why Cas still thinks Dean wouldn't want him now that he's back in his male vessel.
Dean leans over him, eyes open until the very last millisecond, lips hovering over Cas', and as he puts their lips together, it's with a sensual deliberation that makes his heart stutter. He needs to feel this, and he needs Cas to feel this. It's slow, so slow it's almost painful, because every cell of Dean's body screams for him to kiss Cas hard and fast until they're falling into each other. Closes his lips over Cas' bottom lip, nips, lets go, repeat. He's hyper-aware of every single move, every single muscle tightening, every square inch that his fingers trace along Cas' cheek and down his neck.
“Sorry,” Cas pants, belatedly, chest heaving. “I didn't mean to, I wanted to warn you, but--”
Cas nods. “Yes. The house became smaller.”
“Are you sure he will not—” Dean starts, points at Chuck.
She laughs. “I was about to say, it’s too hot outside, so we couldn’t go right now, anyway. So who’s Bobby?”
Dean grins. “You've taken the order already?”
Dean looks at Cas, who signs something towards Eileen, too. And that's why Cas has been so silent, Dean thinks – he wasn't. He probably was signing to Eileen all evening. She must've had a hard time, following everyone talking over each other.
Cas swallows, Adam's apple bopping. Dean gets a whiskey for himself and turns half-away to down it in one go. This, this is fun.
That's a dick, against his, with nothing between them. And it's notably getting harder the more Dean moves. Nervous energy flares up in Dean's rib cage.
“I'm quite fond of it, too,” Cas says, tilting his head back, studying the clear sky. It's easy to get lost, staring at him. “I also agree with him. Heaven is the way it is now, because the angels meddled on earth, but it's finally time to just – let things go their natural course. It's better this way.”
Jody tilts her head at him and has that lopsided frown going on, lips pinched, and Dean just knows he put his foot in his mouth, right there. “And you know what, Dean, if you'd have either begun projecting your feelings onto others earlier or thought about what it means, you two wouldn't have danced in circles around each other for years.”
Just for fun, Dean changes the angle, rubbing his cock against the dip of Cas' hipbone, and blue eyes hide behind thick lashes, jaw dropping, lips sighing around an 'oh'. The thought of Cas, well,
Dean smirks, steps under the spray, then gets his own shower gel. His eyes never stray from Cas' as he lathers himself in foam, hands roaming over his pecs, his stomach, down to the patch of sticky, coarse pubic hair.
Yeah, they've talked about this, it's the logical next step.
Before they can get deeper into this, Dean's stomach rumbles audibly. “We haven't eaten since breakfast. I'd say we head over to the Roadhouse, grab a bite?”
Dean gets a tumbler glass with a doubled up whiskey of the smoky, Scottish kind pushed into his hand before Ellen pats him on the back to get him away from the counter.
Dean smiles. “I think you shouldn't give up hope. It took Cas and me twelve years to get to the fun part. You're already there.”
“I guess I could start with praying,” he mumbles under his breath, looks out at the sun setting over the hillside. “Should, probably.”
For the rest of the evening at the Roadhouse, I'd like to refer to
But then, Cas works his way down his body, kisses his jaw, buries his face in his neck, sucks at his collarbone, kisses down his sternum, dips his tongue into Dean's navel.
Ellen points the cooking spoon at both of them. “Listen, I know we’ve got something to talk about, but sit. First, we eat. You know the rules.”
, because I have nothing to add but
“We’re looking for a job,” Dean says.
“Nah, don't sweat it.”
He has a life now. Dean has Cas and a shitload of friends up here and he's happy.
He zips up his jacket, grabs his communicator and straps that to his forearm. “Ready?” he asks, gesturing towards the vague vicinity of Castiel, who pats down his chest, checks the contents of his pockets, and nods.
“Yeah, let's go home, Cas,” Dean tips his head against Cas' knee, giving his fingers some more access to his neck. “Too sleepy to drive, though. Zap us?”
“Yeah, we do,” Dean interrupts him.
Dean hums, gets another piece of cheese and grape on a toothpick.
Dean rolls his eyes and winks at him. “Your dick, my mouth, now,” he demands, knows how bratty he sounds.
And it's so easy, too.
Cas holds onto him, steadies him, because Dean's legs start to wobble from kneeling too long, among other factors. His hand reaches around his back, around his hip, but that's not where Dean falters, so Cas' hand shifts, up his side, to his elbow, to his shoulder.
With a yawn, he gets up, uses the bathroom down the hall and realizes that in heaven, there's no morning breath, and indeed, no hangover. It's entirely too early to think about anything, though.
“Hey, c'mere,” Dean murmurs, as he clasps his hand around Cas' stubbled cheek, pulls him in, and even though he's squatting halfway over his chair and almost falls across the table, Cas meets him halfway. They manage a simple, dry kiss that tastes like tomato sauce and beans and beer.
them stretch around my dick.'
Cas' hands grab his jacket, and he fits perfectly against Dean in a way Dean never noticed. If the hug goes on a bit too long, there's that, Cas wouldn't necessarily notice and Dean doesn't want to point it out. They have time. They should take it.
Amara waves him over, and Jack goes willingly.
Finally, Sam gets up from the navigator’s seat beside him, and stretches his oversized limbs, too.
Cas waves him off. “Thank you for telling me, I don't mind.”
Cas shows up with a snack for lunch, and they sit down on the steps of the front porch to eat.
Dean raises an eyebrow, Cas smiles a lopsided smile that is all too hot and mischievous and Dean knows exactly where he picked that up from.
Sam laughs at Dean's dry quip, huge and unhinged. "Well,
Cas pushes them together, and the foam on his chest spreads on Dean's. Like any bad porno, they slide against each other, hands caressing muscles, running over arms, and Dean swallows Cas' moans right up. Their lips are drawn together, again and again, like magnets finding their way instinctively, locking, unlocking, gasping.
Dean wordlessly kisses his chest in thanks.
“Won’t people worry about you?”
“I want it all,” Cas admits, determined, his voice a low purr that goes straight to Dean's cock. “I want to try it all, with you. Want to know what makes you feel good, what makes you come, want to see what I enjoy, too.”
Cas turns his head towards him, blue eyes seeming almost black in the dim light of the moon.
Cas scratches the back of his neck, and it looks
He rewinds the tape to listen to it again. Sings louder. And louder, once the lyrics stick.
Dean raises an eyebrow. Could it be that...? “I prayed to you, but I didn't think it would get through to you.”
“I wasn’t aware we were dating,” Castiel shoots him a look from the corner of his eye. “I am, however, getting mixed signals here, Dean.”
Slowly, Cas does. Buries his face in Dean's neck and groans.
Cas grabs his hand, pulls him forward, into his body, and kisses him. Right there, on the couch in Ash' room.
He looks at Cas, and Dean knows he's hiding a smile behind his seemingly neutral facade.
Dean blinks. “I was just worried because I'm... I guess I'm not someone who does puzzles or plays games on their own all day.”
"Who are you?" Sam calls out through the external speaker system as the person steps up to the airlock and into the infrared light of the camera there. "Stop! I said, who are you?"
Cas is right there, right next to him.
“Sam, you okay?” he shouts without looking at Sam or mourning his sandwich in pieces on the floor.
Jo waves him off when he tries to get back to work. “Go,” she mouths, shooing him towards the booth.
Dean gets up to take it from him and get them another round from the cooler. “So, no more obligations for you?”
“Sex, Cas, orgasms, that kind of stuff,” Dean spells it out, looking directly at him. He leans on his elbow, fingers locking with Cas'. “And I know we had talked boundaries and I know I overstepped. I didn't go into detail, just told her, we, uh, you know. Just facts.”
Dean grins, grabs Cas' hand, pulls him under the shower.
“That'd be lovely.”
With time to kill and no one to shag around, Dean puts the quick-jacks under Baby and tinkers around with some minor repairs. If he's got an afternoon, he'll get some work in with good music blaring through the garage.
Dean walks up to Cas, takes his hand and pulls him aside to not disturb the others.
Cas' lips look so soft, so plush. Dean can't stop staring, and because he can, he pulls Cas down to kiss him, almost throwing him off balance. It only gets them impossibly closer, gets them even more delicious friction of skin against skin, and Dean feels himself topple comically slowly yet surprisingly fast towards the edge.
“They're hiding all the good stuff, you know.”
Since this reference is only in here to amuse me and my wonderful, gorgeous, talented editor in chief
Cas seems hesitant, looking down at himself. “I'm sorry if this vessel isn't appealing to you.”
. (So much for naked Taron... I mean,
Jack's words echo in his head.
Dean decides that he can still file this away under revenge for REO, so when Cas sits down next to him, he leans in to peck him on the lips and say, “Hey, babe,” too.
Bobby and Ellen bought the place when Dean was 14 — it’s a small two-story house, the roof covered in solar panels. With the high infrared light of this sun, generating energy is easy enough. It’s solid brick and mortar, like most of the places around here. Geuse has various mineral deposits, but wood is scarce — the woods are made up of a huge rainforest in the center of the single continent, with trees either too big or palm trees not worth the effort to cut down, not to mention that Terrans had learned what happened if a planet was exploited relentlessly for its resources.
you undress and surprise me in the shower,” Cas grouses, throws his hands up and Dean...
To make it a bit easier for Cas, Dean leans back, shoves Cas by his hips towards the headboard so he can sit back against it. On his way to crawl back into his lap, Dean dips his head, sucks Cas' cock into his mouth, once, twice, lingers down low, takes him as deep as he can. He gets better at it, but it's far from deep-throating, and when he chokes himself in a overeager attempt – and that's definitely not sexy, not in his book – he pulls off, licks down the side of it, places a kiss into the coarse hair at the base. He also loves that Cas doesn't shave, that he smells like ocean and salt and himself. It's perfect and so intoxicating. Working his way up over Cas' hipbones, his belly button, up to his chest, Dean is tempted. He takes a look at Cas, who has his head leaned back against the headboard, eyes almost closed, chest rising and falling quickly, lips turned a delicious red. The fun fact is, Cas is pretty unresponsive to fingers on his nipples – but Dean's mouth will have him writhing in his arms, cock jumping against Dean's belly, and Dean loves to take full advantage of this particular piece of knowledge. When his mouth meets Cas', eventually, he gets the breath kissed right out of his lungs.
So I've seen a few speculations out there who Cas might be - any new guesses? :D And how sweet was their goodbye in this chapter?
Eileen ducks her head, a blush creeping up her cheeks. “38.”
Dean thinks amused.
Jo and Charlie nod in misery.
He tilts his head, deepens and slows the kiss, dips his tongue against Cas' bottom lip, wallows in the toneless sigh he elicits. Cas swallows, pursing his lips, and Dean knows that it's on, now. There's a hand under his shirt, rubbing circles into naked skin, right below his shoulder blades. There's a knee, right under his crotch, waiting for him to rub against.
As it is, Dean grabs the lapels of Cas' overcoat, smooths them down. Suppresses the need to quip at him. Leans against the balustrade behind himself, around the corner from Sam and Eileen, out of sight. And he does what came to mind more than once as a passing thought – he grabs Cas by the crooked tie, smirks and pulls him forward, right into a kiss.
His thoughts inevitably circle back to Cas, his experience with a parent that was never there.
There's five pairs of eyes on Chuck, and neither one of them knows what to say to that.
“Get your ass into bed,” Ellen says, and Dean can see Cas appearing at his side – or maybe he was there all along? - probably the latter.
“Ramen, Yakitori, Sushi, even burgers,” Cas lists. “We could get the fanciest Sashimi in town. Or Okonomiyaki.”
Meanwhile, Mary pulls away from Sam, turns to Eileen at his side. “And Eileen. I didn't-- you're both here? How did we not know that?” And that look goes straight to Dean, who smiles a silent apology, then stares at the tips of his boots.
Pamela shrugs, and that's it. They go on to chat about their past and hunting and heaven for a while longer. It's easy, with her. She's smart and funny and Dean might have taken her up on that offer, one day, no matter if she'd eaten him alive or not, whatever Sam claimed.
“Like I said,” Dean ducks his head as he wipes his hand on his shirt. “Don't be sorry.”
Dean looks at him, chest still rising and falling quicker than normal, still looking like sex incarnate, and here he sits with spunk in his eye and up his nose and-- he starts to laugh, deep from his belly, happy and so flabbergasted at the ridiculousness of it all.
packed, all tables fully seated and not a single free stool at the bar. Some people are playing darts and pool in the back, and Dean smells whiskey and beer, smoke and bacon, pizza and worn wood and yes – this, this is heaven.
“Yes.”
Dean wants to kiss him for handling his baby the way he does. Confident, careful, sexy.
He grabs for Castiel’s hand and they sprint across the hall with no preconceptions of how this must look or who they might run over in the process. The hatch of the loading bay is open, and since the turmoil is only starting, they might manage to slip through it and — provided the shield of the loading bay is programmed the way these usually are, airtight but passable from the inside — they’ll be golden.
Dean feels him, nudging against the back of his balls. He tightens his legs, and Cas groans again. “This good?”
Heart beating too slow, too loud in his chest, he gets out, shuts the creaking door behind himself.
“Want to,” Dean insists, his voice breaking as he interrupts Cas. Fuck, he
There's a pause, an unsettling one.
Of course he'd teased Cas to come shower with him, but Cas was not to be persuaded.
“Huh,” Dean says. “Yeah, I wondered, since back down on earth, you guys weren't.”
“It happens. You know Michael.”
Dean chuckles. “Right,” he smiles, turns sideways, pulls his knee up onto the bench seat. There was something he meant to say, something that had been bugging him ever since they were at his parents'. And what an awkward afternoon that was.
Sam’s little session of R&R is rudely interrupted by a ping from his communicator, but reading Eileen’s name on the screen has him smile instantly. He’s so quick to put his drink down that he’s slapdash in accepting the call, which almost results in hitting the ‘reject’ button by mistake.
“Remind me to never make you french toast ever again.”
Bobby was right about Charlie bouncing off the walls, just not in the way Dean expected her to. She might be his adopted younger sister since they settled on Geuse, but mostly she’s his best friend, and Dean rarely has seen her anything but chipper. Right now, she is nervous alright, just… not the cheery kind. Which is weird, even for her.
“Hey,” he nudges Jo on her way past him, “Be right back.”
“Got offed by a vamp,” Dean shrugs.
totally happened.
Cas looks over at him and doesn't look away.
Cas hesitates. “I'm always... somewhere. But since sometimes, other angels seek me out or, certain humans who know where 'my place' is, I actually do have a place, yes.”
And with that, he gets out of the car.
to freak out, really.
They are holding hands.
He wants.
And that's such an angel thing to say, it makes Dean chuckle. “What do you do, then? Just sit around?”
“There they are!” someone shouts, and Dean doesn’t look back.
The Impala isn't a small car by any means, but they're two grown men in the front seat. And there's a steering wheel in front of Dean, even though they don't have a stick shift and a center console to work around.
Dean sighs, defeated. “Let’s look for a job, okay? We can always go for this once we have more info. Trail can’t get any colder anyway.”
“How do you know that?” Sam throws in.
Sam is convinced they didn’t get out in time, but that’s a fight they’ve had one too many times — too often and too repeatedly, when they were growing up.
“And even if that's the case. You don't need to use a label. The Kinsey scale is a spectrum. Maybe you're just a one on the scale, almost exclusively straight. Almost. Which is fine, too.”
When Dean licks his lips, he knows he caught Cas by surprise, but he also sees Cas’ eyes dropping. Nervousness spreads, from his toes to his ears, from his heart to his cheeks.
Strap in kids, and pay attention, important stuff is happening! Will the boys make it off that planet?
“And Cas?” Charlie asks, trying her damnest to look innocent but failing spectacularly.
Last time: A lazy morning in bed, Dean and Cas becoming comfortable in their home, and Dean comes out to Mary.
They trade lazy kisses, which is the last thing Dean remembers before falling into the deep, content sleep of someone who just had an earth-shattering orgasm.
It took Jo barely an hour this afternoon to show him the ropes and where everything was and if he didn't know how to do some kind of cocktail, he could leave it to her or wing it. It
Screw this codependent bullshit they had going on.
He spends the afternoon getting the Caprice on a forklift and into Bobby's garage, hauling wheels and dislodging the front axle to get at the suspension. The radio is blaring in the background, AC/DC and Metallica and Dean hums along, turning wrenches and unbolting and hammering away at the rust that keeps this car together.
The content of their storage unit is sparse and the quality is debatable, even by Dean’s standards. He sighs at the lack of that drink Bobby refers to as ‘vaguely in the ballpark of being a beer'. They can’t say its name because Terran tongues are not meant to produce words like that. "And as far as I know and you know, we’ve collected data from Akkarea as much as from the Drifters. Plus, small sample size. We ran like, three missions for him in the last two years?"
“Let’s go home.” Dean claps his hands and gets the manual steering pad from under the console.
“Yeah?” Dean says. “Like that’s hard. Again, you know what I mean.”
And the short twinkle of doubt in Dean's mind, that most of these people are here because he dragged them down with him, that he's not worthy – it's gone.
“Because,” Dean mumbles, smiles down at Cas, then looks around them with a pointed gaze. “I want to enjoy this. This is special, you know.”
Cas sighs. “Of course.”
“It was a vampire with the shittiest mask I've ever seen. Like, seriously. Straight outta Sam's nightmares. Juggalo-Vampires. So cheap,” Dean chuckles, in the end. “I'd like to say I didn't have a chance but it was dumb luck, I guess.”
Eileen shrugs. “I won’t. I couldn’t, even if I wanted to.”
Dean shakes his head, huffs with disbelief.
Eileen motions for Sam to push the doorbell, and he does.
Mary huffs, raises her hand. “Hello, I haven't.”
Dean perks up at that, feeling partly confirmed in his assumptions. “Yeah?”
Cas' head falls to Dean's shoulder and he chuckles. It's not only happiness, but also a bone-deep elation settling between the two of them. His hand curls around Dean's waist, to the small of his back. Dean closes his eyes.
Really, really off, and Dean has no idea how to place it.
In a silent agreement, everyone knows what this day means.
There are hands at both sides of his head, fingers buried in his hair, lips on his, insistent, taking, not giving him a pause to breathe or collect himself. It's all just sensation after relentless sensation, Cas sucking at his bottom lip, prying his lips open because he can, trading open-mouthed, needy kisses but ignoring Dean's attempt at slipping some tongue in there completely. Cas is in complete control and Dean just takes it, the rush of it roaring in his ears. The hands on his head, the arms next to his shoulders and the full weight of Cas on top of him has him in place without force, but with nowhere to go.
He gulps.
“You’re our parents, you raised us,” Sam says.
Accidents, of course, still happened. The biggest risk proved to be sudden energy spikes or, more commonly, drops, during hyperspace jumps. Since jumps allowed crossing the fourth dimension — time — altogether, cases occurred where ships never re-materialized, stuck in the fifth or fourth dimension or dropping out where they couldn’t be found. Every ship capable of hyperspace travel had a mandatory backup reactor to prevent these issues, but depending on the pilot's sense of security — some just didn’t bother with keeping the backups refueled and running, because there rarely was a case of emergency — that didn’t always save the day either.
Cas nods, still smiling, but differently. “We should probably get dressed.”
Chuck shrugs. Jack explains, “It's an appealing concept. To be reborn, no matter who you are or were.”
And she heads off.
Much like back in the day, Dean still has no idea what to do. Part of him wants to take the action upstairs, but another part of him recognizes that whatever they're doing, for once they have not veered off into the sexual – yet? - and it's kind of comfortable to keep it that way.
Cas stands beside the bed, fully clothed.
“Go right ahead, Moose.”
“So, how about it?” Ash waggles his eyebrows, interrupting Dean's thought process. “A round or two?”
Dean pulls off his working gloves, his hands underneath sweaty but otherwise clean. He reaches around Cas, doesn't pull him into his body, but puts his hand into Cas' neck and leans in to whisper into his ear – he may be able to deal with that hickey on his neck, but Bobby or Ellen or anyone else does not need to hear this - “Don't tell me that me looking like a grease monkey gets you all hot and bothered, Cas.”
Dean makes a face that has Cas rolling his eyes, but not with annoyance.
In the end, sleep comes easy. When he wakes up six hours later, the twin suns are already high in the sky and the outside temperature is scalding.
Dean winks at him, and he knows Cas can't really see it under the bubbling surface, but he can track the movement of his arms as he rubs his hands down his thighs, back up to rest at his groin. Truth is, Dean is very unsubtle about the fact that he's been hard ever since he and Cas stripped down to get into the hot tub. Drawing Cas' attention to that is just part of the game.
Castiel glares at him. He also knows Uriel. “What did you tell him?”
Dean looks him straight in the eye, heaves a huge lungful of air and rushes it out, gets it done and over with. “I know you must regret giving up your mojo already, and I'm sorry for... I'm sorry that I wanted to have you all to myself, it's really all I could think about since I saw the other universes. But, please, man. Whatever we can have, whatever that may look like, just us – it's going to be great.”
He trails his fingertips closer to Cas' crack, dips his index finger low against it. 'May I?' he asks, tries to put that inflection of cheekiness into it.
Yes, this trip was a date and he enjoyed it.
Dean shakes his head. It's on the tip of his tongue, a sour aftertaste, something that doesn't fit, doesn't sit right with him.
Sings under his breath, heart in his throat.
“Shotgun shuts his cakehole,” Dean states, and turns the already loud tape of Def Leppard even louder. Of course he sings along, too.
Dean is so not going to talk about this with Sam right now. Not now, not ever. “Right,” he huffs.
Sam is out on a run, and by the time he returns, Dean has had his shower and is cooking stew for all of them. It’s still early, so it’s mostly to keep his hands busy, cutting vegetables.
“Not that.” Dean rolls his eyes. He takes back the thing about cockiness suiting Castiel. “And you know it. All of that, what just happened? That was way too easy.”
Totally doable.
But he's here now, walking beside Dean.
Sam pats him on the shoulder, and they're good. It's a silent truce.
Dean takes a step back but Cas fidgets, stepping from one foot to the other. Making him uncomfortable is not the point of this, though, so Dean steps back in, wraps his arms around Cas' middle.
Kevin just wears a shit-eating grin. “I propose a drinking game,” he says, and Ash and Charlie groan. “Minigame losers drink, coin losses of any kind, too.”
Dean nods. “Jep.”
Worth the wait.
Turning around, Dean takes in Sam. The hoodie is odd, it's been too long since Dean saw him wear something like it. The twitch around his lips is different, his eyes are older.
For a second, Ellen and Bobby look up, stare at Charlie, then at each other.
Dean rolls his eyes at him. “Then what are you doing here?”
Dean oofs audibly as he gets thrown around in his seat.
The whole Roadhouse shouts a toast to Donna, and from then on, it's the usual buzz with some extra patrons on top. Dean doesn't get to talk too much to her until the night winds down, until there's no more people there who aren't asleep on a table.
Cas pulls him up, then, urges him with one hand around his waist, the other under his ass, up, to get him closer, just closer, and Dean follows willingly.
Communication is key.
Cas is the epitome of Dean's fantasies. Put together, sharply dressed, but his lips kiss-swollen and reddened and shiny with spit and maybe something else, still lingering, hair disheveled and sploshes of red over his cheeks and eyes gleaming with pleasure, with love. All of the evidence he needs to sign off on a job well done.
A smile plays around Sam's lips. “She really has a knack for that. But yeah. Oatmeal, avocado on toast, veggie bacon, tofu sausages. Pancakes. Sweet croissants with jam. Oh, PB&J is usually vegan.”
“You're a dinosaur, Dean,” Charlie punches his shoulder. “Friggin' no-skinner.”
He's never given it much thought, but it's not like he never met an angel with a sex drive. It's not like he doesn't know Cas had sex with April, or that he himself set him up for that, but it still came as a surprise. It's not like he doesn't know there are people not interested in sex at all, though he himself--
Join me next week, when we get lots of hurt Dean, more insight into Cas and where he's coming from, and then... yeah, and then what?
The beach, finally! Special shout-out to @Kweh on the
“You don't need to sleep if you don't want to, but human souls are still human minds. Humans are used to routines, so most just go to bed to rest their minds and not disturb their routines.”
It's Cas, after all.
Jo waggles her eyebrows. Ellen just says, “Ah.” And Ash, unhelpfully, peeks through the hatch, “You even seen the beach or didn't you leave the hotel room anyway?”
Although, without the coat and without his suit jacket, Cas sits on the sofa beside him in an impeccable white shirt, tucked into his suit pants, blue tie half-undone as ever.
Cas tilts his head and squints up at him, blue eyes hidden in the dim light. Confusion looks cute on him. “Um. Yes?”
He's feeling sleepy and bold, so he kisses Cas' jaw. His voice sounds only a little broken when he mumbles, “You know I love you, right?”
Before his mind can spin out of control, Cas interrupts him. “Definitely interested, but unsure of where to start.”
Sam takes over entertaining Dad for the time being, and Cas gets to help with Winchester style pie, measuring, mixing and kneading dough while Mary and Dean work at the filling. Pitting cherries and cooking them to a filling takes time, after all.
Sam is proud.
It's Dean's turn to shrug. “Yeah, I dunno. You don't need to defend my virtue, there's nothing to defend,” he thinks about Charlie and Jo and goes for it, now that the thought had stuck and wouldn't stop bothering him.
It’s Sam who answers, who breaks the disbelief and the silence. “You… what?”
Dean grins and wraps him up in a hug, right there beside the airlock and the ramp, leans down and smells motor oil and beer and
a jawline — beside him. He shudders, then frowns at the glass with a curious tilt of his head.
There's that heat again, spreading all over his cheeks and neck, up to the tips of his ears.
“It's also pretty fantastic for making out.” It's a taunt, a dare, and Dean sends a smolder across six feet of bubbling water.
“Does it work?”
Dean looks him square in the eyes and throws him a kissy face. Cas averts his eyes and Dean feels a pang of something in his chest. Something is off. Or wrong.
Dean, kneeling between Cas' knees, shuffles closer, leans into Cas' body. He knows what he must look like, eyes wide and lips gaping, still processing through his obvious arousal. “If you'd have shown up like this in the barn, back in the day, we might have gotten here sooner,” he swallows his surprise, replaces it with a lopsided grin.
Maybe that's the point.
There it is. The other shoe.
Cas has that tiny, content smile on his lips that Dean loves. Also, because they were in a hurry to get dressed, he reverted back to old habits, to a cheap suit and a blue tie and a trench coat. It almost charms Dean's pants right off, it's that cute.
Sam coughs a laugh and orders a beer for himself as Dean finds a guy looking at him from a few chairs down the bar.
Whatever had gone wrong, that early morning when the bomb dropped — Mary had known of the bomb, had told Bobby to get John and the boys and their ship because she couldn’t reach him, told them to meet her, but never showed at the rendezvous point a few lightyears out — so for all Dean knew, he could only hope they escaped, somehow. With both of them employed at NASA, they had access to a space ship, so it wasn’t all that unlikely.
Last time: a very awkward morning after, Dean has no idea how to deal with those pesky feelings, and Crowley wants to dethrone the Imperator (no biggie).
Dean wants to bite the steering wheel, he's so keyed up, so looking forward to what's waiting for him when he gets home.
We've had a lot of the Winchester-Singer clan in the last chapter, and since y'all liked Jo, let me tell you, you'll love Charlie. Have fun with this chapter!
After a long gaze at him, Cas blinks, then huffs out a laugh. “Not exactly, but Dean, I...” he mumbles as his lips twitch into a smile, and he seems almost... embarrassed.
There go his concerns about whether he'd even be able to get it up for Cas.
Somehow, it's easy for Dean. Hook-ups he knows how to do. Casual touch, getting each other off without an emotional connection, no problem. Some of his one night stands never even kissed him, and he didn't mind.
Dean has a hard time prying his eyes away from Cas to wave at Kevin. “Hi, Kev.”
Dean snorts. Seems like he'll need to get used to Cas' clinical way of talking about sex. “Yes?”
“They’re…”
Cas sighs against his neck.
The initial silence.
Crowley raises his chin, then drops his eyelids, and huffs. “You told me you were looking for Mary Winchester.”
A heavy sigh.
Cas smiles, and his fishing rod disappears before he takes Dean's hand.
For a moment, they just stare at each other, processing what just happened.
Dean allows himself to relax, silently checks in with Cas every couple of minutes, but Cas doesn't say anything without being asked either.
'Love you. So much.'
“That would imply that I stopped my advances at any point in time.” There’s warmth in his voice, a quiet kind of amusement in the formal words that, okay, makes Dean smile. “Is it working?”
Dean blinks. “That's your take-away?”
Straight right hook into their jaw.
With his arms crossed in front of his chest, Dean thinks about it.
All he says is, “Dean,” in that deep, rough voice that had Dean mesmerized from the moment they met.
Dean looks over into Cas' empty cup, and Cas promptly gets up.
Never mind that Dean still has his hand in Cas' back pocket and no intention to remove it anytime soon.
“Actually,” Cas muses. “Why don't you go alone for now, I'll just do a quick round to check that everything is alright. I'll get back to you later?”
He turns the keys in the ignition and the Impala roars to life, squeaks when he puts her into reverse.
Dean smiles, a tiny private smile for Cas only.
“Yeah,” Dean swallows around the lump in his throat, the first waves of arousal effectively quelled. “Maybe we'll give him a couple days before that, though.”
Dean bites his lips as to not either blurt out the million-dollar question, snark a 'not yet' at Cas or say something else stupid.
Cas releases a deep breath. “You make it sound so easy.”
Dean eyes the screen warily. “What do you want with her?”
“Welcome to heaven, Dean, grab a controller, we're playing Fortnight,” Kevin grins back at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looks at him, over his shoulder to the bed, eyes flickering darkly as if he's pondering the pros and cons of doing what Dean asked him to versus throwing Dean onto that bed and having his way with him.
Cas watches, unabashed.
“No, I don't,” Dean states. “My Dad is a lot of things, but he's not a homophobe. He's just a guy who grew up in the times he grew up in. I'm not nervous.”
And of course that makes Dean's decision easier.
“Why did I know you would do that,” Cas huffs with amusement.
“Okay, Casanova,” Dean grins against Cas' lips, runs his fingers under the hem of Cas' shirt, trails them along his waistband, over naked skin. Wallows in the shiver he gets out of Cas. “Later, alright? Not in the kitchen.”
Dean sighs, takes a towel, and starts drying plates. The thing is, he can see them like this, talking about silly everyday stuff in front of the soapy sink.
When they roll down the narrow back road to his and Cas' house, the woods open up sooner than they did before, and just a small ways up the street, there's a house, before theirs.
Dean scowls. “Yeah.”
Dean wraps his arm around his middle as they stroll down a shopping mile, still taking it all in. “You know I'm not a fancy boy, though, right? You don't have to wine and dine me to get into my pants. I'm easy.”
twinge in his back, and he has a hard time stifling the grin.
But there.
“You're an idiot,” Dean smiles.
Cas leans into Dean's shoulder, and Dean smiles when their eyes meet. Ok, that works too. Dean knows it's his way of comforting Dean, signaling that he knows what's going on. They stay like that.
Dean knows now, knows who he is without his brother, who he can be if given true free will.
The next time Cas leans down, Dean lifts his head, meets him half-way, pulls him under by his neck. He feels his own cock filling out, just from kissing. And just because he can, Dean pushes up, pushes his hips against Cas, testing the waters.
Dean shakes his head, confused.
Instead of launching into a mess of a speech, he grabs Cas' hand between them and squeezes it. Cas smiles, and Dean wants to kiss him. Again. Thinks,
As they finish cleaning up and lie back down, the sun just peeking through the blinders, Dean connects another detail. “So, wasn't Michael pissed you claimed his sword?”
Part of Sam wonders if they were foolish for trusting Castiel.
So Dean goes for it.
There’s a long, pregnant silence, thick enough to cut with a knife, spreading between them. Dean looks out at the rows of partially gutted spaceships in Bobby’s and Ellen’s yard, glittering in the reddish sun, and thinks about the status quo.
Crying silently into Sammy’s blanket because he missed his mom and dad and had no idea what was happening.
It doesn't take long until some suspicious, way too loud groaning comes from down the hall, where Sam's room is, and Dean doesn't want to know, doesn't want to think about the obvious. Those two sure don't waste any daylight.
Before Dean can reply or deflect or deny anything, she's already on her way to get him another drink.
Wiggling his eyebrows, Dean adjusts his thigh holster over his flight pants, tight, black fabric that molds to his thighs and makes his ass look fantastic. Smooths down his olive green, short jacket over his plain black T-shirt. He knows he looks good. With all the buzzing, positive energy around, adrenaline having died down but endorphins still high, he’ll be damned if he doesn’t get laid tonight.
But it's also very blatant to rub it into everybody's face like this. Dean doesn't have an opinion on whether or not he's okay with that yet.
He curls into himself from laughing too hard and hands the controller to Cas when it's his turn to burp.
After a week, give or take, of only wearing bathing shorts and short-sleeved shirts, jeans feel very restricting.
“Wait 'til you’ve had my homemade burgers,” Dean empties his beer, and for a second after putting it aside, he doesn't know what he should do with his hands.
“Dean,” she smiles. “Don't fret. I'm here to keep him—” she tilts her head towards Chuck, “— in check. But rest assured, he's serious, for once.”
Ash only nods as he loads up his plate, and Ellen puts a huge mug of coffee on the counter for him. “Your Cas is over there, by the way,” she nods towards the corner, up front by the window.
Dean rubs his hand over his chin and mouth. There's a pause in their conversation as they all wrap their minds around that. Forty years, Sam and Eileen thought Cas was gone.
Dean toasts to all of them, and silence only falls once he and Jo have made the rounds and everybody is drinking.
Dean laughs. “We should totally open a bar. Maybe get a house somewhere?”
“Do you wanna go home, Dean?” Cas asks him, fingertips at his jaw, as Dean blinks awake some time later.
“Dean, we’ve been asking around for as long as I can think. At this point, it’s more obligation than it’s…” he gestures, hands flying helplessly.
Sam bites his lip.
Cas shakes his head in a way that Dean knows means he's lucky he's cute. He laughs anyway, heart jumping with joy.
“So, what, we got a lot of babies born with twisted souls coming up?” Dean spits. “Really,
Pressing his lips together, Cas closes his eyes. Dean can imagine what it feels like, sinking into tight, hot wetness, so slow - and yeah, they definitely have to switch some time, no matter how Dean enjoys this.
Sam is decidedly unimpressed as Dean lathers his sausages with ketchup and puts one into his mouth without even cutting it. Just shoves the whole thing in and looks like the happy chipmunk he is.
Shoots him a cheeky grin, lets his eyes drop on purpose. 'Your lips, Cas. Shit. Those are going to fuck me up just
So, a date.
Now how to tell Sam.
Dean averts his eyes and wonders. That
When they break apart and Dean risks a glance, Sam has his hand over his mouth but is clearly grinning. “Yeah?” he asks. “No, I noticed.”
He has put off thinking about those moments. Too much pain, too much emotion. No time to deal, just denial, denial, denial. A prayer against the cold, hard floor, staring at an iron devil's trap and his own shoes, unable to get up.
Cas shrugs. “I like it? Or else I wouldn't eat it. I don't need the sustenance anyway.”
Dean winces. “Kinda? I told him that Cas was more than a friend.”
It's like an out-of-body experience to Dean, seeing this all unfold. He drops his hand to curl his fingers around Cas', intertwines them. It's pure instinct. Cas looks over at him, his eyes bearing a silent promise that makes Dean's heart jump.
Dean hums. “That was hot.” He wiggles his eyebrows with a grin over his shoulder, but Cas doesn't even look at him, concentrating too hard on weighing out the lentils.
The noise level is one thing, the music the other, and Dean is busy, non-stop serving drinks and pouring beer from the tap and the permanent smile just won't leave his lips. He's in his element.
It doesn’t sit right with Dean. Silver lining? The hyperspace converter they got from Bobby is still on board; Dean sees its box in the back.
He bites his lip. Sometimes, and especially after his recent demotion, he has doubts. Doubts if he should put up with all of this, but then again — there’s no way out. What else is he going to do?
When he's done, Dean notices that the bottle never once ran out, even though he poured like 200 shots. “Of course,” he mumbles to himself, grinning, and Cas gives him a wistful smile from across the counter, like he knew exactly what was going on inside his head right now. Which, since it's Cas, is probably the exact thing that happened.
“Cas, you don't need to defend me--”
He can feel Cas' breath ghosting over his upper lip, he can feel it catch in the stubble of his beard. Their breath mingles between them, and Dean huffs. If that isn't an invitation.
“I don’t know,” is what he ends up saying to Charlie, with a helpless shrug to accompany it. “This… whatever that was, with him. I don’t know.” And he remembers the look in Cas’ eyes as he worked the dildo into Dean, remembers the blown pupils and the smile when he kissed him. Remembers the spark in his ribcage, constricting around it like a vice, pushing him out of his comfort zone and into untouched realms that opened up an entire galaxy.
Those lips should not be allowed to do those things, Dean finds himself thinking. It makes him think inappropriate stuff. Like how those lips would curl around his cock.
They haven't even used the couch yet,
The thought of Cas meeting John Winchester sits in his stomach like ten pounds of concrete. Because he has no idea how to tell his Dad about them and their relationship and the fact that his perfect, oldest son--
Cas gives a full body jerk at that.
Apparently, having heard his voice, Jo sticks her head out from around the corner of the bar. “Where have you been, anyway?”
Soon, Dean can't spare them a thought any more because people start to show up and the flow just doesn't stop. Within half an hour, the bar is full, the tables and booths taken, and the darts have been abandoned in favor of groups of people taking up the space, talking in groups.
are."
The one time Chuck offers something beneficial for all of them, it's on Dean, again, to make a personal sacrifice for the greater good. Right after he forced himself to decide that yes – it's okay to want something, someone, all to himself, for once.
As usual, Cas doesn't see much use in showering when he doesn't need to, so he's probably waiting for Dean in the kitchen.
“The money that’s out for finding this ship, I guess.”
“Worth it?”
“Good night, Dean.”
So he takes a jump into the ship, lands on his knees, and ducks his head behind the closing ramp as another shot is fired at him. Not yellow as in paralyzing, but red as in set to kill.
Dean looks up, eyes adjusting to the light flowing through the room. Cas' hair is ruffled, a cowlick sticking up at the side, there's crinkles on his cheek from the pillow, he looks scruffy and like something straight out of a perfume ad. His soft smile and shining blue eyes make Dean evaluate his life choices - and the person he ended up with at his side. He decides that yes, he didn't do half bad.
Part of him is excited to see Sam again, as it should, so he finally gives himself a nudge.
And right then, in their kitchen, as Dean thinks about the day before and what they did right here, he realizes. What it was that irked him about Bobby's kitchen.
He kind of seemed like the guy who would do things like that and he’s been nothing but helpful.
Maybe Dean is pretty damn happy himself, but he’s not going to dwell on that thought.
So they're good, really.
And Dean feels right at home, like he never left, like Bobby's house never burned down.
And he knows exactly when that happened. He feels
But his eyes find Cas' when Dean looks up, and he smiles as his hands find their way into Dean's hair and just like that, Dean's nerves are gone.
And with that, Dean concentrates with his eyes closed, wishes clothes to change and rearrange, and once he opens his eyes again, the result is stunning.
Dean holds up his index finger and grabs two of the burgers, handing one to Cas. They just smell too damn good.
Which is when Cas tilts his head at Dean in a silent question.
Sometimes, though, weird things happen. With the fragments, the literal matter of the ship slipping by between dimensions, it’s physically impossible to hit an object, planet or ship, in outer space, since those exist on a different plane. What could be a problem, however, is a collision between ships that meet in the exact same moment, crossing lines interdimensionally. With the vastness of space and what little a single spaceship occupies of it within any given moment during hyperspace travel, it’s extremely rare, unheard of, even.
He sighs when he notices that it gets dark outside.
“What is he doing?” Becky hisses at Amara, scowling. “We agreed to keep our hands off!”
The gang is back together, and this is what should've happened in 15x20 anyway. We all know why it couldn't happen, but here's my take on it. I hope you enjoyed this one and I'll see you next chapter!
the song I'm referencing.
At the Roadhouse, Dean gets himself an apron, and makes himself useful right away. In the meantime, Cas hangs back in one of the booths, quickly accompanied by Ash and Kevin.
They chat for a while about all kinds of stuff, and when Dean heads to the Impala to drive to the Roadhouse, he notices a few dings and scratches, a patch of rust that needs grinding and painting. He looks forward to tackling that when he has the time.
Sam’s voice is subdued, like he almost doesn’t dare hope. “You think Crowley knows something about something?”
'It's not even half bad, feeling your cock stretching my jaw. I could get used to that. Will need a lot more practice though.'
Cas looks at him, confused, but Dean only makes a mental note to bring it up later. Now's not the time. Now, he really needs to get their naked bodies together and do something about his hard cock, which is very unhappy, trapped against Cas' thigh.
Sam splutters, “You're sorry?”
It's Dean's turn to stare at a gummy grin.
is not that scary any more, somehow. If this is what he'll get, riding Cas, he will, because Cas is beautiful like this. A spark in his eyes, lips kiss-swollen and pink in his cheeks. Not to mention the hair, but that has always been a hot, distracting mess.
Cas amicably takes a strip of bacon for himself and starts munching.
I'll see you next time, when we get to see if they get out of that pickle!
Jo's eyes go wide. “You came out to him?” she asks, baffled.
“Sure,” Cas nods slowly, and turns to look at him. “I'm sensing some form of discomfort, what's bothering you?”
They eat in silence for a while, until a thought just won't leave Dean's mind and he has to ask. “But it takes two to tango, so. Did I come on too strong just now? You seemed kind of... irritated, in the shower. Where're you at?”
Looking at Cas, he finds his stomach fluttering. Of course he would fall in love with a dork like that. Of course he would also fall in love with someone who was able to enter a room, smite everyone, be in total control, powers blazing. He's really got the best of both worlds.
Dean looks up at the stars, towards the one place he only ever looked at when digging up graves, exhausted, right before they took the shovel to the coffin to salt and burn some bones.
He looks forward to it all. To having Cas here, later. Maybe they can sit at the lake, for a while. Or in their garden. Maybe Dean could help Cas, weeding and planting flowers and whatever Cas has planned for that greenhouse he put up the other day. He should ask him. Then maybe make out with him in the backseat of the Impala for a bit. That thought makes him smile, too.
As always, let me know what you think :D
Without a second's hesitation, Jo sits down on the armrest, feet and legs slung over Charlie's lap. “Hey, babe,” she smiles as Charlie immediately turns back to her, away from Dean.
“I thought you promised not to steal my ship?” Sam steels his features, doesn’t give her the out.
“Show me the rest.”
“Ah,” Ellen nods, then goes back to the drying rack of clean, but wet glasses. Her expression is unreadable, but it probably doesn't matter.
talk about this.
They both learned.
When he pulls up, Cas looks pointedly at the garage, which opens on command. “You can park in here.”
Reaches over, takes Cas' hand and squeezes. And so, they sit there. Cas swallows the last of his beer. Dean smiles, almost delirious with how happy he is, underneath the anxiety that he has yet to tell Cas how he feels. Cas smiles back at him, and it's right and they're here and the only question, really, is where they go
It's warm and nice out, and Dean rests his knee against Cas' and leaves it there.
“Ellen and Jo?” Jack says. “They told me you better not show up there anytime soon. They were very nice to me, though.”
Dean harrumphs, takes the bottle, and, sure enough, there's that vegan label on the back side. “Eh, doesn't count. Still the meatman!”
“Ellen,” he says on the exhale, smiles, and means it when he adds, “Good to see you.”
With a scowl, Donna snorts. “Hell no, we had a nice and quiet life, after we retired, Jody and me. One day I just went to sleep and didn't wake up again. After she, you know. She died before me.”
All the way back to Geuse, they laugh and joke and Charlie tells him about her night, that she plans on seeing Dorothy again after their evening together. She doesn’t voice it in so many words, but Dean has been her brother long enough to know how to read between the lines. There was lots of smooching and little actual sex involved, and yet, Charlie is beaming. Ear to ear, her cheeks must hurt, and Dean can’t even tease her for it, because rarely has he seen her this smitten. Not since Gilda. She’s so happy it’s contagious.
It's not that different from a chick sitting on his face, now is it? He's going to rock this.
Dean grins.
“Because he’s the reason the Earth was destroyed?” Sam stays on track, bless him.
Dean hesitates and the moment is gone when his hand slides down the side of Cas' neck.
Cas sends a questioning look his way.
Sam comes and slides up to Bobby and Rufus in their regular booth and Dean takes all his courage and serves him a vegan burger.
“You should finally invest in one of those automatic parking systems,” Sam notes, head turning every which way, checking monitors and distances, clearly not trusting Dean’s skills. It’s frankly insulting.
Their eyes lock and glasses clink as they toast, and the drink is thick and tangy in Dean's throat, but leaves a pleasant, fresh aftertaste. His own mixed feelings are mirrored in the guy’s finely structured face — seriously,
Something is missing. Something like... a kitchen island.
He's frankly gone with how much he's into this. There's a time for questioning whatever is happening now, that is, if he ever feels like it, but he doesn't right now and he might never. This is not about him, anyway. Nothing about this is. This is about the angel who
Sam nods, slow, lips twitching. “Do you think he would... you know, say anything?”
And that's so blunt and so
Two orgasms before 10 a. m. will do that to you.
“We,” Cas corrects him.
As it is, he bites his tongue. There’s a place and a time, and this isn’t it. He gets his own clothes back on, and he might surmise that Castiel’s eyes skip over to him every so often, too, especially when he puts on his thigh holster and his trusty blaster gun, an old Colt model. Being armed gives Dean some of his confidence back, and he feels like himself again.
“What are you--” Dean begins when he sees Kevin on the couch beside Ash. “Oh, hey Kev!”
A smile against his shoulder, a kiss against his neck. Dean hums, doesn't open his eyes.
Dean is very aware of that fact as he pushes Cas against the sofa, as he leans down, mouths at Cas' dick straining against the zipper. When he looks up, Cas' expression is one of pure awe and adoration, lips twitching fondly. “Dean, you don't need to--”
Castiel is ruffled and wild and beautiful. There’s a hint of white teeth, biting down on a bottom lip that is a bit chapped from hours in a holding cell and too little to drink, and his stubble is past the five-o’clock-shadow status, officially qualifying as scruff now.
Cas' eyes shoot up, meet his over the counter. They blaze with something that settles deep in Dean's heart.
Sometime after 1 a.m., Dean makes himself a cheeseburger and does, in fact, sit down next to Cas to eat. It's the only time he sits during his eight hours of manning the bar, until he's done at 3.30 a.m. and dead on his feet.
All he'd need to do is open his mouth.
Not quite touching.
And even though it's a Sunday, when Dean gets to the Roadhouse that night, it's
Dean's heart does a little hop, step and jump.
“No, you're not.”
“Dinner is at seven,” Dean steps back to point at Jack. “Take care.”
It's no mental stretch to imagine this.
“Oh, trust me,” Dean snarls. “We’ve got everything on your list. But yeah, deal.”
“Yeah?”
Cas just watches, confused, from the sidelines, and while Dean chats with Ash, about the current state of gaming – not that he has any clue but Ash apparently thinks he'd enjoy Resident Evil for some reason – Dean feels pride swell in his chest. Cas hasn't met a lot of the people that were family to him, either because they were dead already or because it didn't line up.
“Yeah, maybe we both are.”
And finally, Dean understands.
Ok, he might not have been completely straight.
Eileen is still there, rifling through his cabinets. She finds flour and makes a savory-sweet concoction of eggs, flour, apple sauce, red bell pepper and some spring onions that tastes surprisingly good.
Sam sighs at the sight of his home. “I didn't think it'd look exactly the same.”
The world turns conveniently black after that.
(See the end of the chapter for
was the third wheel, remember his whole speech about extra stability and stuff?” Dean asks back as he opens the driver side door of the Impala.
“My name is Naomi.” She glares straight at Castiel as she answers. “I’m not here to aid your case, and I will not overlook your foolishness, let me assure you. But you’re free to leave.”
Letting go of his fingers, Dean guides Cas' hand back around him, and his finger returns to its previous position, and if Dean tilts his hips just so--
Castiel turns and checks the controls, quickly, seems to make sure that the autopilot is set to the right coordinates. Dean finds himself studying his profile, the straight nose, the full lips, the dark curls of his hair around his ears. “You sure can hold your own in a fist fight,” Castiel hums his approval, then turns his head to shoot Dean a long, considering gaze. There’s admiration, respect, and something…
And she looks at Sam, covers her mouth in surprise as tears well up in her eyes. “Sam,” she chokes out, leans up to hug him, arms tight, eyes closed. As always when his Mom and Sammy have a moment, Dean can't help but get a bit emotional for his brother's sake. He turns away, searches for Cas' eyes, and they crinkle around the corner just like his Mom's.
Dean looks up at her, then. “I know.”
So who ordered plot and schmaltz with a side of porn and also fluff because there you go. Look forward to the next chapter, I'll have so much fun writing that, and not because of smut reasons (ok, maybe smut reasons too, but I don't even know yet - I'm just excited because shenanigans incoming!).
“Oh?” At the sight of the data chip, Crowley only raises his eyebrows. He wears Akkarean clothes, like any Terran trying to pass as a higher class than they are; all high collars, slick shiny coats and dark scarves. “A data chip. Color me impressed.” His words are dripping with sarcasm.
But now that Cas is leaning into him, Dean breathes a bit more freely. He's is still so hyperaware of everyone around them, if they're looking, what they might be thinking? But this is his bubble of friends, they know them, they love them, it's as safe a space as it can get.
"I don't trust him."
Dean smiles into the empty shot glass. “So I know it wasn't a shifter, but you mentioned whiskey?”
Dean thinks and laughs to himself. “She wasn't wrong.”
"I still don't trust Crowley."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam shakes his head. “We know she was alive and on her way to Akkarea, eighteen years ago. That’s not nothing.”
Well, he got fucked already, but now he's well and truly screwed.
“How nice of you to call. Now, I s’pose, you’ve got an answer for me?” The tone is as smug as always, but Dean has gotten used to it really fast. It only irks him the way nails on a chalkboard do, at this point.
Cas puts the keys into the ignition, and the motor roars to life. He puts her into drive with a pleased smile and they head out onto the open road.
As always, thank you all so much for the lovely comments, I'm floored! Your feedback means the world to me. I'm still making this up as I go so, if you have any questions or if you want to point something out, constructive criticism is always welcome.
Sam hesitates. “We're good, then?”
So they call Crowley.
“Ah, yes,” Crowley says. “I want you to see the truth. Behind all of it. Go there, take a look, spread your feelers out a bit. I can get you one of those 48-hour visitor tickets, under a disguise. Mission goal optional.”
Dean is dying of curiosity though. He shoots Charlie a short look, wiggles his eyebrows, shakes his head, questioning what's going on there. Are they...?
They perk up, even Rowena, who's still slumped against Sam's side.
Because of course Bobby still runs the salvage yard. Of course it's still full of classic cars, Dean already saw a '68 Camaro on his way in and a '73 Corvette on the lift in the garage. This time, it's a banged up accident damaged car, the trunk basically missing, that catches his eye.
And boy, does it feel good. His hand smarts, of course, but the satisfaction of it is
When Cas removes his fingers, Dean's heart just about jumps out of his chest. It beats too hard, too loud, too frantic, and he sweats with nerves in all the best ways. Watches, transfixed, as Cas lubes up, and then Dean takes over. He rolls up on his knees, reaches behind his back with his free hand, tries to hold Cas in place.
Sam has never heard of them. "Uh, hi. I'm Sam." After she confirms that she understood, he adds, "Sam Singer. I'm Terran."
Jody rolls her eyes, but looks fond. “Ok, lovebirds, get over here. It's good to see ya,” she waves them in, hugs Dean and hugs Cas. “How've you been? Haven't seen you guys in ages.”
That thought, as right as it is, makes Dean excited. “When I got here, Bobby told me, time works different up here. I've only been here for four days.”
A raucous laughing fit draws Dean's eyes to the booth, with Sam and Bobby laughing so hard, Sam has his head thrown back, holding his stomach, Bobby has his head on the table, banging the tabletop with the hand that's not wrapped around his beer bottle. Ellen has a suspiciously proud grin on her lips.
Ellen shoos him out from behind the bar. “Just go.”
Four days. He's been here for four days.
Dean pats Baby’s steering pad and takes a deep breath.
The shower sex can wait.
Like I've said, this wasn't a long chapter, but it was important. Just think about everything that's waiting for us in the upcoming chapter! Where's Mary? How will the Earth look like after the bomb? And why was it dropped in the first place...?
Cas narrows his eyes. “I can't help it that seeing you getting your hands dirty is... Well. I assume, it's the aspect of having to do manual labor, working hard. Humans can be driven, not shying away from those tasks if they have a goal in mind. It's part of the perfect imperfections that are defining humanity. I guess you reminded me of that.”
Dean thinks in amusement but answers. “It's Dean.”
“I know,” Dean nods.
He’s persistent, Dean will give him that, and it gets him to perk up. “Are you hitting on me again?”
Dean frowns. “Really.”
Because he will never have any sense of personal space, Cas squeezes in next to his feet. “Good memories,” he answers to the ceiling.
“I had been up for two hours and was starving. You get your beauty sleep,” she winks, and Sam can’t help but laugh. “Not that you need it,” Eileen adds, cheeky.
He does not expect a gravely, “Tell me what's on your mind.”
Kissing with both of them naked is a whole different affair. He feels the shift in how he kisses, he feels the urgency in the way Cas touches him, in the way he moves. This is not about that, though, so to distract Cas, Dean grabs the bottle of shower gel and with a daring wink, starts lathering up Cas' chest and arms. As soon as he is sure that Cas knows what he's up to, he steals another set of tiny, innocent kisses.
