Steve nods “it’s okay Tony. You don’t have to apologize. I don’t blame you for not knowing.” Steve says and smiles from how they were holding hands. It felt so natural to him. “You are going to get sleep tonight Tony. Your mental health is important. Is there any way that I can help you sleep?” Steve asks. "Uh I don't really have experience with this or with anyone so um I don't know" Tony says while scratching his head "Maybe you could em..stay with me? I mean em...you could stay on my floor in my spare room and Jarvis could wake us if one of us is having a nightmare or a night terror? If you don't want to, I mean it was all of a sudden and completely out of nowhere, you can say no, it's no problem, I mean why would you?" Tony rambles on forgetting to let Steve answer.  Steve laughs “that sounds like a great idea Tony.” Steve says “I could sleep in the same room as you.” Steve says and smiles not realising that he’s basically saying that he wants to sleep with Tony.
"So tell me about your life before, I mean if it's not too painful to talk about, that is" Tony says as they arrive at the park, Tony wanted to get to know Steve more now that they had a connection with night terrors and now that Cap will be on his floor and around him more, he might as well get to know the guy. Steve thinks for a moment and puts his hands in his pockets “well... I do art.” Steve says smiling at Tony “I used to do it all the time back in Brooklyn because I could barely leave the house. And I do it now for fun and to deal with stress.” Steve says as they walk.
Due pizze per Stark! - Two pizzas for Stark!
Then it hits Steve. He's never been on a date before. Steve shakes that thought from his mind *Tony said as friends, not a date. God, I'm getting way too excited about this. Why would a millionaire with tons of models following him everywhere, want to be with me? An almost 100-year-old lab experiment who doesn't even know how to work a coffee machine.* Steve thinks to himself, sadly.
Steve lets out a shaky breath. He slowly reaches out to take Tony’s hand “you’re not the only one” he says softly as he takes his hand. Tony looks up at Steve, eyes shining with tears "Thank you Steve, it means a lot to hear you say that "Tony says. Steve nods “of course. I just... is there anyway I can help you?” Steve asks with concern “you can’t keep doing this Tony. What if there’s a mission and you’re too tired to think straight. You’re going to put yourself in danger.” Steve says “I don’t...I can’t see you like that.” Steve says his voice shaking “please let me help you” Steve says softly. Tony looks at Steve and his hand on his, blushing slightly. He then takes a shaky breath "Ste-eve thank you so much, you don't know how much this means to me, no one ever wanted to help me, not even pepper, Rhodey or my parents and for you to say this to me, it means so much to me" Tony says looking at Steve.
They continue walking "I think it's time to head back, it's starting to get really cold, maybe we could watch a mov- ahh" Tony slips on a patch of ice and falls on his back but grabbing Steve arm pulling him, Steve is startled by him grabbing his arm that he stumbles and falls on top of him, his face inches from his and as Tony turns to apologise for grabbing, their lips slightly touch "oh em I'm uh I'm really sorry uh Cap" Tony says awkwardly looking away, blushing like mad.
Grazie Gino, saluta la tua famiglia per me - Thanks Gino, say hi to your family for me.
Italian Translation
His heart beats faster and he walks over and sits in the booth seeing Tony admire the place "hey Tony. The place is nice isn't it?" Steve asks, smiling brightly. Tony jumps at the sound of Steve's voice "oh Steve! hey, yeah I was just admiring the place" Tony says look at Steve *he looks so good, ugh God I wish I could just kiss him or do something with him, but no I have to stop thinking about that!* Tony turns his focus to the menu "So what do you recommend Cap?". Steve smiles "well if you would like something heavy I recommend the Dark Pirates coffee but if you want something light I would just recommend the frappuccino." Steve says "oh and if you order a latte they let you pick a design to make latte art" Steve says already getting lost in Tony's eyes. “Oooo I'll get the latte then and what would you like? I'll go and order them" Tony smiles at Steve and starts to turn out of the booth to make his way to the counter. "Oh I'll have the latte too. That's the best part of this place." Steve says his voice light and happy. *god this is already great...* Steve thinks to himself *he's great*. “What latte art do you want?" Tony says sliding out of the booth and standing beside the table. Steve smiles and thinks  "you know what... just surprise me" Steve says fiddling with a sugar packet. "ok Cap, be back in a second" Tony walks to the counter and orders two lattes.
Classes end for the day and I gather up my stuff and head out the door. I walk toward my locker and see that Brock is blocking my locker, talking to someone. *Great I have to deal with brock ugh please god spare me* I pray he moves but no he turns and sees me walking to my locker which he is currently leaning on. He smiles more leering than a smile and turns to me “I’m sorry stark is this your locker?? I’m sorry I'll move out of your way but here let me help you with your books there” He grabs my books out of my hands and drops them sending pages flying everywhere. “Whoops I’m such a butterfingers,” Brock says while laughing as he walks over my pages and walks away. Someone bends down to help gather up his pages and to my surprise, it’s Jack Rollins. “Look I'm sorry about him, he can be a real jerk,” Jack says gather my physics notes up. “Why do you care, you're his best friend? Anyway, it doesn’t matter it happens all the time.” I say taking the physics notes jack was now handing me. “No sometimes he takes things too far like yesterday with that prank, I or Stevie weren’t in on that, we’d never do that. I only texted brock that we were finished gym and that we were having a shower and would be out for a minute but he took it upon himself to mean that the locker room would be free and that he could take your clothes and throw them away. I swear to you we didn’t have anything to do with it but you won’t believe us until you hear proof which we have” Jack explains as I stare at him, looking to see if he is lying. I can’t tell but it doesn’t seem like he is. “Fine, where do you want me to meet you??” I say, sigh as I open my locker and grab my books for home. “Meet us at the bike shed in five minutes, please,” Jack says turning away to leave. “Sure see you there.” I say at the same time as I hear “TONY!!” I turn and see rhodey coming towards me. “Hey, honey-bear, What’s up I'm kinda in a hurry,” I say to him, turning to him “Oh that's what I'm here to talk to you about, Jack and Steve want to meet us at the bike shed. I said to meet there because it’s easier for us.” Rhodey says meeting up with me and we make our way out. “I know jack already talked to me after brock dropped physics books and my notes went everywhere, How did you know?” “Steve talked to me about it in art and asked if I could get you to meet with them and I said to meet at the bike shed” “Oh well we better not keep them waiting” and walk towards the bike shed with rhodey right behind me.
Tony’s P.O.V:
Tony P.O.V:
Tony’s POV:
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it :)
I see Tony and Rhodey arrive together on their bikes and I was torn between in going over now to talk to tony or waiting until I have proof and I choose the latter. I look around for brock and see him over with jack at the side of the school, cigarette in hand as he tells Jack a story but Jack's not looking uninterested. “Hey Steve, are you feeling better?” Jack says, glad for a distraction from brock’s story. Brock turn’s as well “Hey Steve, how's it going?” Brock comes over and slaps me on the shoulder. “I’m better now thanks, jack, How was practice yesterday? Hope you didn’t miss me too much” I say with a smile. *Gotta play it cool if I want evidence to show tony* “Ha..of course we did bro, the practice wasn’t the same without our noble captain” Brock says, finishing off his cigarette. We head towards the school and walk to our lockers. Tony walks past him and doesn’t say anything as he heads to class. *Ugh I need to get this sorted soon* I say in my head, as I watch tony head to chemistry. The day starts and starts to go by slowly. When lunchtime Brocks drags jack and me outside. “God, did you see stark today, acting like he owns the place? I don’t think I got him good enough yesterday” Brock says, sitting down under a tree and starts to light another cigarette. *Oh now’s my chance to get some evidence to show tony* I think as I take out my phone. I make sure Jack or brock can’t see as I turn on the recorder app and hid it in my pocket again. “Why did you do what you did yesterday to stark brock? I mean he’s not that bad.” I say as an invite to say it on record. “It’s because he thinks he’s so great being a millionaire's son and thinks he can look down on all us little folk because we're not as smart as him. It pisses me off that he thinks that he’s great then everyone and needed to be taken down a notch that’s all. I took his clothes while you guys we’re showering and threw them away and I only told you guys after because it was hilarious but I did it so that he can see what if feels like to be humiliated in front of people like he did to me about my results, My dad nearly hit the roof when he saw them.” Brock says angrily. *That’s it I have the evidence now!! Now I just need to show to tony and tell him I'm sorry.* I smile to myself and take out my phone to turn off the recorder but jack looks over at me as I turn it off and he sees the app, Brock looking away doesn't notice my eyes going wide and silently pleading with jack not to say anything but jack nods, understanding and I puff out a breath and relax “Thank you” I mouth to jack and he just smiles knowingly. We hear the bell and head back inside. “Bye brock, see you in physics” I call as me and jack head to Art and him to French. “Yeah see you in hell” He calls back. When he’s out of sight, Jack turns to me “I know why you recorded Brock at lunch today and I won’t tell him. What he did to stark was over the line and I know you like him and yes as in “like, like” him so I want to help you.” Jack says and all I can do is stare at him. “Wh-wh-what??” I finally say. “Don’t act so surprised steve anyone a half a brain can see you have a huge crush on him and since brock so stupid that he doesn’t know how to count past twenty, he can’t see it but everyone else can and I want to help, long were the days I stood by brock and his antics but he’s becoming a jerk lately and I can’t stand him anymore” Jack says angrily and looks at Steve. “Thank you, Jack, I really mean it, I guess it must have been obvious to everyone except tony that I like him, How did you know?” I say looking at him with curiosity. “Steve everytime you see him you look at him like he’s your whole world or something and don’t get me started on the “accidental” bumping into him on purpose just so you can talk to him” Jack says with a laugh “It’s so obvious well except for stark but I think he thinks it’s you bullying him in small ways and I don’t think he understands the real meaning behind them” I smile, *someone finally gets me and thankfully it’s jack because he was my friend before brock came along when we joined the football team* “So now we need to think of a plan to show stark the recording!” Jack says, now heading to class. “How about we ask him to meet me somewhere and I and you can explain it to him?” “ We should tell Rhodes first because he won't come on his own, he’ll think it’s a trap, but if Rhodes goes then he will.” Jack suggests. “Good idea, Lucky Rhodes is in our art class, otherwise we would have had to wait until history to tell him and then it would be too late,” I say walking into the art room. I see Rhodes and instead of sitting beside Jack I move to beside him. “What do you want rogers? Come to me to find out more ways to hurt tony?” Rhodes doesn’t turn towards me but continues with his sketching, but doesn’t tell him to move which is a good thing. “No i swear to you know that i had nothing to do with that and i can prove it to you, i have brock saying he did it and i wanted your help showing it to tony.” I say trying not to look desperate. “Show me the evidence and I see then if I'll help you.” Rhodes says slightly turn to me. I pull out my phone and earphones, lucky we can use our phones to listen to music so it looks like I'm showing Rhodes a song. He listens to it twice and then hands my phone back to me. “So do you believe me no? Will you help me now?” I saw now forgetting about my sketch. “Look, you may or may not have noticed but i really like tony, more than a friend. I hate that he thinks that i had anything to do with brock’s prank and i really want to show him how much i care about him.” I whisper to Rhodes. Rhodey smile because *That’s all I wanted to hear Steve say because I knew tony felt the same but just didn’t think Steve felt the same because he hung out with his bully and thought he didn’t like him but god tony was dense sometimes do not see the love in Steve's eyes every time he looks at him* Rhodey comes out of his thoughts “Ok I'll help you but if you hurt him again I swear I will end you, got it” “I give full permission to but I won’t ever hurt him again, I promise” I say crossing my heart with my finger. Rhodes laughs and says “Meet us after school at the bike shed” I nod and we get back to art class. After class jack comes up to me and asks if it work. “Yep he said meet him and tony at the bike shed after school now we just have to ditch brock so he doesn’t find out” I say heading to physics. “I’ll figure something out” Jack says thinking. Physics passes without anything eventful happening, Tony still not looking at him. *That will change soon* I think as Mrs Hill goes on and on about something boring.
"Can we do that?" The red head spy asked, her eyes jumping between Tony and Bruce.
“Nothing really. Just the usual.” The genius jumped a little when he heard the veteran’s voice near him. He immediately whisked around to face Sam, almost dropping the pack of blueberries in his hand. The African American frowned at the billionaire’s twitchy and wired-up reaction.
Tony was in the middle of screaming when the door of his lab slid open. He only heard a few heavy thuds of steps before he was engulfed in a pair of large, warm arms.
“Clint, don’t aggravate Sam. He had his reasons to worry.” The tone Steve used made the archer slightly drop his smile as he realize the reason behind his teammate’s hovering. He gave Sam an apologetic grin which the former Air Force returned. Clint gave them both a mock salute before running towards the archery range to practice his shooting. Bucky was already there, giving it a go. Sam and Steve headed towards the mats to start sparing. On the left side of the gym, Wanda was with Vision as they practiced her control over her powers.
Who the fuck knows? Maybe that’s why no one cares about him.
“Brother. Finish your sentences for Odin’s sake. You sound like bumbling buffoon. So it seems that the Man of Iron is more than meets the eye. Get over it already. We have no time to sit down, hold hands and tell each other heritage stories. Thanos is coming and we have yet to form a concrete plan!” Loki interjected, though his voice lack any heat. While his statement was aimed to his brother, he was looking at Tony with interest and curiosity.
“Those were Cap’s exact words. Those were the two opposing sides during the media dubbed ‘Civil War’. Accountability and oversight or our right to choose. No side were wrong in this. It’s purely about opposing belief. The Rogue Avengers are not bad people. They don’t deserve the title fugitives to begin with. They just can’t live the life the accords are promising them.” Tony motioned one of the organizers for a bottle of water. He drank a few sips before taking a deep breath.
Are you
It was on the 7
is he?” Natasha asked as she reached out to support the archer who was again swaying dangerously on his feet as his injury was slowly catching up.
The reason why he couldn’t tell Tony the truth was because he was a coward. They had such a strong friendship at that point that he was afraid that it would be ruined. Above all, he didn’t want to hurt Tony by reopening old wounds. He wanted to save him from that pain. In the end, he still did hurt Tony.
“You did have no luck with the dames back in the day, punk. And apparently, you suck at wooing fellas too.” Barnes barked out a laugh. A real genuine laugh. Steve’s lips automatically turned upwards at that sound. God, it was the first time he heard him laugh like that again. The last time was during that party with the Howling Commandos before they journeyed to the Alps.
“Hey, Shuri!”
So, instead of saying anything. He carefully wrapped his own arms around the super soldier, melting in his warmth. He closed his eyes and indulged.
He just wanted to let it all out. The pain was so unbearable that he felt like
"Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki.. The attack on New York? That was him." That made the original Avengers, minus Bruce and Thor, rear back. They didn't once thought that the God of Mischief had someone like him on his side. They didn't think that he would play pawn for someone else's game.
So far, Tony received three Shovel Talks. In other circumstances, he would laugh. Pre-Afghanistan Tony would have been rolling on the floor, laughing at the sheer absurdity of it because seriously? Shovel talks? He always thought they only exist in movies. That no one does it anymore. Why wouldn’t he? No one ever gave him one before. No one gave one on his behalf, either. Younger Tony would have accepted it all good-naturedly and move on.
I get dressed and see Jack is ready so we head out to find Brock. As I’m walking out I see Tony exiting the showers and god he looks so handsome. *Wow he’s got muscles and those abs, damn I'd love to worship them.* I think and I better leave soon or I'll either embarrass myself in front of Tony or I might accidentally get a boner and have to awkwardly explain it to Jack and Brock. “Hey guys what took you so long, I have something funny to tell you, you’ll never believe what I did.” Brock says as he pushes off against the wall he was leaning on while waiting for us. “What did you do?” I sighed running my fingers through my hair to style it. “I stole that stark kid's clothes and threw them in the bin, that’s what he gets for laughing at me in physics.” I freeze “What did you say?”  “I said I taught that rich kid a lesson, he’s nobody special so he shouldn't think he is.” Brock says as if it was no big deal. “WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT!” I shout as I turn to head back to the lockers “What’s the big deal, he just a nerd you need to learn not to mess with me.” Brock shouts after me as I run because I have to see if Tony's ok “Don’t you think you took it one step too far?” Jack says, exasperated at Brock's prank because he might not like the stark kid that much but he doesn’t think he needs his clothes to be taken and thrown in the bin. I run into the locker room to see Rhodes trying to calm down Tony as Tony looks frantically around for his clothes. ”Come on Tony, just borrow mine until you get home or ask clint if he has any spare.” Rhodey asks while watching Tony open and look in different lockers. I hide behind some lockers waiting to show myself. “No Rhodey my clothes can just disappear when I personally put them in my locker myself, this is why I shouldn’t have lent my lock to Natasha. ” Tony says still looking in lockers moving closer to where Steve is hiding. “I know Tony but you can’t just wait here until schools over, there are more gym classes coming so people will be in here and see you. *I’m going to kill Brock, why did he do this to Tony? Tony said he was sorry and he did even care what Brock got on his test so why does Brock care so much?* Steve is nearly lost in his thoughts when a shocked “Rogers?” makes him come back to reality. “What are you doing here? Did you take my clothes? I bet you did or one of your friends did, didn’t they?” Tony says while glaring at me. “what...no..i would never do that!” I say trying for Tony to see that. “Well, Steve it’s kinda suspicious that you're hiding behind a locker,” Rhodey says but Tony's voice rises over him saying “Oh really Rogers then why are you here then? Did you want to see me crying while you stand there laughing at me or did you want me to walk out in front of the whole school? Please tell me Rogers because I would love to know” Tony says, he sounds like he’s starting to get angry, this isn’t what I wanted. “Tony I would never do anything to you, it was Brock that stole your clothes but unfortunately he threw your clothes in the bin.” I plead. “I swear Rogers if I find out you had anything to do with this I going to make you wish you never did.” Tony says while turning away “I’ll take your clothes Rhodey, thank you for offering, I'll make it up to you later honey-bear” “What are friends for?” Rhodey says, smiling at his friend, thankful that he calmed down. “Hey, Steve did the stark kid cry or what??” Brock says coming up behind me. I freeze as Tony turns around to them “I knew you were in on it and you tried to make me believe you had nothing to do with it!!” Tony shouts, as Brock laughs and pulls me out the door *Oh god Tony thinks I was in on it, FUCK HE THINKS I WOULD DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT TO HIM!!* I can feel my body shaking and my eyes start to tear up. I start to feel light-headed. “I-I-I feels sick I think I might go to the nurse’s office!” I stammer as I rush off “Hey man are you ok? Do you need any help” Jack calls after me sounding concerned. “No it’s fine Jack just tell coach Fury that I'll talk to him tomorrow, will you?” “Sure, feel better” Jack calls after me. *Oh god I feel sick, stupid Brock, now Tony is going to hate me forever!* I arrive at the nurse’s office and lie and say I have a stomach ache and she goes to the phone and phoned my mom. As I'm sitting there Tony and Rhodey walk past and Tony turns and sees I'm sitting in the nurse’s office, He glares at me and turns back and walks away. Twenty minutes later my mom comes and takes me home. “Are you alright Stevie? You look really pale.” my mom says as I walk up the stairs. “I just need to lie down for a bit mom.” I say quietly heading to my room. “Well call me if you need anything, I have to head back to the hospital, ok sweetie?” “Sure mom. Sorry for pulling you away from work.” “It's fine honey just feel better,” mom says as she opens the door. “Bye mom” I call as she closes the door. I walk into my room, open my door, drop my bag at my desk and fall onto my bed and bury my head into my pillows and start to cry "How am I going to prove to Tony that I didn’t have anything to do with Brock’s prank?" I say, cry softly into my pillows and I swear I can I could hear my heart break as I see Tony's face glaring at him, being angry at him for something I would never do.
Tony looks at Steve and feels something possesses him to kiss him, he leans forward again and kisses Steve for what feels like forever but eventually pulls away and says breathlessly "I've wanted to do that for a long time". Steve smiles his heart jumping out of his chest. God that was amazing. Steve smiles brightly and cups his cheek “really? Even though I’m not one of your showgirls?” Steve plays around raising an eyebrow. Tony blushes and leans into Steve's hand "Steve I have loved you since I was 8 years old and still do to this day, of course I'd love you even though you aren't one of my showgirls" Tony says leaning in to kiss him again "Steve would you like to go on a date with me? It's ok if you say no" Tony says after kissing him.
"So Steve, since we came here to get to know each other why don't we start with something like how are you adjusting to the future? Must be very different to the 40's?". Steve looks up at  Tony “well it's really difficult then you will think. It's a whole different century and it's hard to fit it. I don't even know how to use a coffee machine." Steve says and sighs looking down "it's hard to feel like you don't fit in when you didn't fit in all your life. And when I got defrosted everyone I knew was dead... well except for Peggy but she doesn't have that much time left. I was hoping to get closer with certain people." Steve says and looks up at Tony. Tony studys him and feels sadness wash over him, he forgot that it must be strange for Steve and hates himself for not helping him "If you need any help with anything Steve, just ask me, I'll definitely help you out" Tony says smiling at Steve before taking a sip of the latte "oh my God this is amazing!" Tony moans, licking his lips to savor the taste. Steve smiles at Tony "I know it's really great" he says and sips his coffee as a thought entered his mind "um if you don't mind me asking... your nightmares. What are they about?" Steve asks "you can help me and I can help you." Steve says smiling then realizing maybe nightmares isn't a good topic to talk about "you don't have to answer if you don't want to since we aren't that close yet" Steve mumbles wishing inside that they were closer. Mentally and maybe even physically closer.
Steve looks at Tony and blushes slightly at Tony calling him cute “sorry to wake you... were you sleeping well?” Steve asked, wanting to know if his company helped Tony sleep. "Hm oh yeah you are like a human hot water bottle, I haven't felt that good in years" Tony says as he grabs the blanket gesturing for Steve to sit down again so he could snuggle up to him again. Steve smiles softly with a slight blush and sits down again holding his arms out “glad I’m helping” he says as his heart flutters.
As he pulls him up Tony is super close and Steve’s face goes red again from how many centimeters apart their faces are. Tony looks at how close and  they are again and steps away, blushes even harder, if possible. "T-thanks cap, uh eh let's head back to the tower now, yeah?" Tony is a mess, his heart is pounding in his chest, he really wants to kiss Steve for real but he knows it would ruin their friendship. Steve runs a hand through his hair and lets out a deep breath “yeah...it’s getting too cold. I mean I can handle it because of the serum but you can’t handle it because you... don’t have the serum.” Steve rambles awkwardly. “What movie do you want to watch?” He asks trying to calm himself down after his stupid rambling.
“Because of of...em...because...uh” *Just spit it out me, Just say you like him!!* “Because we feel bad for what happened to you and want to apologise” Jack cuts in front of steve. “Oh thanks, that’s very nice of you guys,” Tony says “Can I hear it?” I unlock my phone and go to the recording app, I bring up the recording and press play. After listening to Brock confess that he was the only person involved, Tony turns to me “I oh you an apology, I accused you of something you didn’t do, I shouted at you and I'm sorry” “No there’s no need to be sorry I should have tried to stop him” I say looking at Tony's face “How? You didn’t know or could have known” Tony says confused again. “I’m one of his best friends, well was one of them, now I'm not so sure I want to be” “Yeah me neither,” Jack says too. “Well thank you for proving to me it was brock, I have to make it up to you, especially you Steve I was a dick to you the most,” Tony says facing me. “Nothing a date wouldn’t solve” I wink then freeze realising what I just said. “Uhh..what?” Tony says blushing then freezes. “F-F-FORGET I SAID THAT” I shout, making Tony jump but he still freezes after collecting himself. There’s a moment of silence before Jack says “I have to get home” “Yeah me too” Rhodes says while unlocking his bike, Tony is still frozen. “See you tomorrow guys,” they both say quickly, leaving me and tony at the bike shed. “Did you say what I think you just said?” Tony says finally unfreezing “No!!” I say blushing. “Wait where did Rhodey go??” “Who?” I say confused “Rhodey you know James Rhodes, I just call him Rhodey, it’s kind of his nickname amongst other names I have for him like honey-bear or sugar cakes,” Tony says carefree *Oh they must be dating or something if he uses cute nicknames for him* I think. I look away from Tony because looking at him and thinking he already has a boyfriend hurts. “So you and Rhodes are together, that’s nice” “What?! No no no no me and Rhodey!! We’re like brothers, we grew up together. I mean Rhodey straight for one thing and I'm not and besides I like someone else anyway” Tony says looking at me but I still look away and think *Tony likes someone else, Damn there goes my chance* “Oh you like someone? Do they go to our school?” I say “Yeah he’s a six foot something, blonde haired, a meatball of a teddy bear with an amazing body and a nice ass,” Tony says staring at me, I look and I see him winking at me. *Wait for what?! Did Tony just say he liked me??” I pretend to look confused to see if he will elaborate “I mean you silly” Tony says with a laugh while also blushing. “Wait for what?! You're shitting me, I liked you for so long and now you're telling me you liked me too?!” I say staring at Tony with my mouth open. “Wait you liked me too??” Yeah for like three years now” “Seriously I thought you hated me, you kept bumping into me and stuff” “That was only because I wanted an excuse to talk to you even if it was just to say sorry, you would always look at me when I did and I felt like it was the only time you saw me” “Oh” “Yeah” I say my blush growing deeper as is tony. “Can I tell you something?” I say. “Sure” “I nearly had a breakdown yesterday, and I know that sounds overdramatic but I thought you would never speak to me again after what happened yesterday and I just had to go home because I would have started crying in school” “oh So that’s why you looked like you were going to cry yesterday, wait because you thought I wouldn’t talk to you again?” Tony says surprised. “Well I’ve like you for a long time and it would kill me if I never got to talk to you again” I say shyly “Well you don’t have to worry about that, I’m not going anywhere and I might take you up on that date” Tony says with a wink “Really?” “Yep, so when do you want to go on it??” Tony says cheekily. “Ugh I hope this isn’t forward but maybe this evening,? My mom’s at work.” I say hopefully “Sure my parents are out of town on a business trip anyway so I'm free.” “Ok cool say half six at Di Lucia’s, you know that Italian place on Jefferson st?” I say “Yeah I heard great things about it, ok I'll meet you there at half six” Tony says unlocking his bike. “See you then” He says smiling as he cycles off “See you then” I call after him, waving as he turns back. Realising that we have been talking for ages and it’s nearly five
The room is beautiful.... it's empty but Steve knows how he's going to decorate it. He can already imagine it. He's going to hang up some of his art and Tony's too if he decides to try it out with Steve. Steve changes into a hoodie and a pair of joggers and walks out of his room to get the pizza ready. He still had the almost kiss on his mind. He smiles thinking about it.
As they arrive at the tills, the guy that flirted with Tony get in the same line *ugh can't this guy take a hint or does he want really have a death wish* Tony asks as he puts their items on the conveyor belt of the till. Steve watches the man with an angry look “he won’t bother you I promise. Not when I’m here” Steve says as he watches the man carefully as he moves up the line. Tony looks at Steve *God what I wouldn't do to kiss him right now* Tony thinks "Hello sir would you like a bag?" The cashier says "Yes please" Tony says.
Tony laughs "hold on Cap one step at a time, wait until we get there in our relationship Tony jokes but he imagines Cap in his bed holding him after one of his nightmares, he blushes at the thought. Steve realizes what he said and laughs “sorry I didn’t mean it like that” Steve says quickly trying to cover his slip up. But blushes at the sight of tony blushing. Tony smiles at Steve "I know what you mean Steve, it's ok" Tony finishes off his latte "So what do you want to do now? Go for a walk or go back to the tower?" Tony asks. Steve thinks for a moment “well if we go back to the tower you are just going to go back to your lab and lock yourself in there so... I think a walk is best for the both of us.” Steve says and smiles. "Ok let's go" Tony says making his way to the door, the head outside and unspokenly they walk towards Central Park.
Tony leans up to kiss Steve's forehead and stops over his lips *should I kiss him? No Tony don't... But his lips look so soft...* Tony lightly puts his lips on Steve's and pulls away quickly after. Steve's eyes flutter open to see Tony inches from his face. Steve's eyes widen and his heart stops. He smiles softly trying to hide his nervousness “hi” he says softly his eyes expressing want. He looks down at Tony’s lips, his mind fogging up with just the thought of kissing Tony.
Tony looks up at Steve and sees him staring at him, he turns away so Steve couldn't see him blush. "is there something on my face?" Tony starts to feel a bit self-conscious as he looks back at Steve. Steve quickly shakes his head and looks back at what Tony was working on "no no you're fine" Steve says and slightly blushed. "oh I thought..never mind" Tony says clearing his throat. He turns to Steve and sees his cheeks slightly blushed. *He looks so cute when he blushes, God I just want to kiss him. No Tony! Focus, besides he wouldn't go for someone like me anyway*. Steve stares down at the table fiddling with his hands. He can see Tony looking at him from the corner of his eye and blushes even harder, his heart pounding fast. He never felt this helpless with love before. Not even with Peggy. I see his cheeks darken or maybe it's the lack of sleep? I haven't slept properly in 76 hours so I say it could be that. *maybe I should just try and ask him out? I mean what could happen, he'd say no and I'd die of embarrassment or he'd say yes and we'd live happily ever after?* "So Steve I was wondering if you-" I was cut off by Jarvis announcing that pepper was calling me and that it sounded important. Steve smiles “you can ask me later. Pepper needs you.” Steve says and feels a pain in his chest.  Does Tony like Pepper? Are they a thing? Steve was in love with Tony even though it might not happen because he already liked someone else.
They pack up their things and make their way home "Right let's go get some pizza!" Tony says and walks to their local pizzeria they always eat or order from. "Hey Gino, il solito per favore, per due" Tony says in Italian, trying to impress Steve. Steve raises an eyebrow not knowing that Tony speaks Italian. He wasn’t surprised though the guy is a genius. Steve smiles at Tony as Gino prepares the pizza “So can you tell me what Star Wars is about?” Steve asks, smiling brightly. "Nope, I don't want to ruin the surprise" Tony laughs and they talk for a bit while Gino makes the pizzas after a while Gino calls "due pizze per Stark!" Tony goes to get the pizzas “grazie Gino, saluta la tua famiglia per me" and waves goodbye.
After drying off, Tony gets into his old MIT jumper and sweatpants, he checks his hair before leaving, grabbing a blanket and his new R2-D2 plushy before heading towards the kitchen and gets the snacks ready "Right let's get this marathon start" Tony says as he puts the snacks out and gets comfy beside Steve "Jarvis press play please" and the movie starts and the lights go low, like they are in the cinema.
Tony’s P.O.V:
Steve nods and makes his way over to Tony looking at what he's working on. His mind goes blank. He doesn't understand any of this. Steve smiles trying to hide his confusion "that's cool, what you're doing?" Steve says "even though I don't understand what you're doing" he says quietly. Tony looks up at him, he can read Steve like a book, he can see the confusion in his eyes. "Would you like me to explain it?". Steve looks at Tony and smiles "yeah that would be great" Steve says eagerly and takes a seat next to Tony. He smiles at him as if to say go ahead. "Ok now I just want to warn you, it is a bit complicated to follow along, pepper always stopped me and told me she didn't understand what I was saying, So here is what I'm doing.." Tony explains slowly, trying to make it simple for Steve knowing he wouldn't understand the full version of it. Steve nods as Tony explains and stares at him getting lost in his eyes instead of actually paying attention to what he was explaining. He knew he wasn't going to get it anyway. "and that's how I made this new modification.."
As Tony works he begins to get excited but he knows he shouldn't. *It's only lunch as friends, no need to get excited over nothing* Tony thinks sadly to himself. He continues to work and at 1:45 he asks Jarvis to save everything again and heads upstairs to get ready for their lunch date as friends. As time passes Steve is laying on the couch reading Technology for Dummies then he takes a look at the clock seeing that it's 1:46 and decides to get ready. He was super excited for their date *god it's not a date idiot* Steve thinks to himself as he gets ready thinking of how this date as friends is  going to go. Tony arrives first and finds a booth at the back of the café and waits for Steve. He looks around and understands why Steve liked the café so much, it looks like somewhere he would like to get coffee, why has he found this place before? Maybe he could come again with Steve? He gets lost in thought and doesn't see Steve arrive. Steve walks in and immediately sees Tony.
Steve P.O.V:
The man that was flirting with Tony walks in between them shoving them apart “sorry” he says bitterly and walks off. He mostly shoves Tony though because he didn’t have the strength to push Steve. Tony stumbles backwards "hey watch it jerk! Just cause I didn't want to suck your dick doesn't give you the right to be one!" Tony says annoyed because he had interrupted his nearly kiss with Steve. Steve sighs and blushes at the fact that they almost kisses “I would punch him but that would kill him” Steve says and smiles at Tony. Tony laughs "How much would I have to pay you to do it? I'm kidding, come on let's go pay and go get some pizza!" Tony says pulling Steve by his hand to the tills.
“H-hold the door.” The girl says, her voice shaking a bit. In a bit of shock myself, I do nothing beyond follow the order I’ve just been given and hold the door like some…
“Exactly like that game,” I answer. Pieces start falling into place, which makes it easier - because now I know exactly what we’re up against - and harder - because this was the
“If this was a real-life scenario, there’s no way Foxy would go back to being a plush,” I think aloud. “So how…?”
(Tamryn’s POV)
“O-kay. Any clue where we are?”
GAH, I'm so sorry! I totally meant to update this, like two or three days ago! School got back in today and I had some prep work for it going digital. Anyway, huge thanks to everyone who read, gave kudos, reviewed - We're glad y'all liked the story and we're so excited to continue this saga! Till next time, ciao!
Toni Stark wakes up in a bedroom that she's never seen before but feels somehow familiar. There's someone else there, and she looks frightened about what's on the other side of the door. The scenario isn't new, but it'll take some time for Toni to figure it out. They just have to survive long enough for her to do it.
. They both are, as the quick glance to the second set of monitors tells me.
...As if Toni was actually holding me, protecting me by shielding me with her own body. Those last few moments were so terrifying, yet comforting at the same time. Why would she place herself in harm's way just to protect someone like me? The only other person I can think of who would do something like that is Kenji.
is what pulled
part of me decided to finally show up.
(Toni’s POV)
no-one but Clint was ever brave or stupid enough to play. This was the one that sent
“Workin’ on it,” I answer. “You remember how you got here?” I look at her. God, she looks young. 14, maybe 15. I think Harley is older than her.
“Okay,” I reply, accepting her lie because we’re in the middle of a legit nightmare and until she starts breaking down, I need to focus primarily on these things, which sucks to say or think, but c’est la vie.
“Hey!” I scream.
I frown slightly. “So this isn’t just your bedroom?” I ask. I’m expecting a no, but she seems tense, and every ‘Danger!’ nerve I have is going off with all the volume and intensity as a fire alarm, so humor to diffuse the situation seems like a safe bet.
I’m trying hard to remember anything about this game that would help me here. Like the other ones, the purple rabbit and chicken come down the left and right hallways, respectively. Freddy is split as the Freddles over the bed, so Foxy-
If he’s smart enough to tip the bed over, he’s definitely smart enough to look in the closet, which is what he does next.
She darts towards it and shoves it hard to get it out of the way of the door. She shuts the door right as the thing starts to move again. There’s a bloodcurdling electronic screech and the girl’s eyes widen with terror. That’s what kickstarts me.
And if it’s telepathy, that would explain the odd twinge of
person in a horror film.
Her body language tells a somewhat different story, though. Her shoulders are tense, and she looks ready to spring at any moment as she looks around the room. She looks like she expects more of these things to come out of nowhere. She flinches slightly, obviously hearing something from her side that I can’t hear.
“Kid, you still got that flashlight?” I make sure to keep my voice calm and reassuring, while still holding enough authority to keep her moving and listening.
I grab the kid’s hand and drag her to the closet, shoving her in as gently yet quickly as I can. As soon as we’re inside, I close the doors as tight as possible and take her to the ground with me. I curl up around her, placing myself between her and the door - and thus, the nightmare - and wrap my hand around her mouth. She goes rigid, but doesn’t fight against me or make a sound.
She nods, and immediately shines it onto the bed, having heard the warbling noises as well. There are three little bears, similar in design to the bunny, sitting on the bed. They look to be in much better shape, but they still sport holes in their shells - the one in front in particular. As the light is on them, they fall off the bed and crawl back under it, their warbles turning to low-level roars until they all disappear under the mattress. I jump, but that, too, is familiar, and I’m too busy trying to figure out exactly
“I’ll explain later, but I get the feeling that this kid’s not in the best situation and I never did get her name.”
actually reach into the closet and grab the plushie and throw it into the hallway, just to get it out of the closet.
never happening again.
“Oh, sh- Put the light on the closet!” I shout.
The kid flashes me a small grin, “Wish I could too.” Her grin fades when she realizes the other door is wide open. She looks towards it, her grip on her door tightening. The clock strikes five.
That also triggers a forgotten corner of memory, but this one I can focus on. I’ve seen this layout before, but not as real life. While I’m trying to focus on where I know this room and these things from, I hear a low-pitched electronic warbling coming from the bed.
Suffice to say, when she sits as straight up as the wires allow her to, crying out in pure terror, I’m right there to wrap my arms around her and hold tight, tears streaming down my face, as I try to give her some semblance of the calm it’s going to take me weeks to find for myself.
She shakes her head again and she peeks out into the hallway again. Her body goes rigid and she slams the door shut. Moments later, there’s a loud thud against the door. I get to my feet as fast as I can without going dizzy - and I’m glad she’s looking away because even my loose, flowy tank doesn't disguise the bump when I’m getting up. I cross the short distance between the bed and the door and lean in, listening.
Now, I’d like to say that I retained any semblance of composure, or that I took charge of the situation and fended it off. I’d like to say that I strategized and thought carefully but quickly about how to handle the Energizer Bunny from Literal Hell. Geez, I’d like to say I had
Telepathy.
“I’m so taking a vacation after this,” I mutter shakily.
I wonder if he’d believe me if I told him about the nightmare...Probably not, though some weird shit has happened to us. Like me not being entirely human, for example.
- and a weight lifts from my shoulders. No snappy comment comes, but that’s okay. It’s not like the world’s going to blow up if Toni lets go of an opportunity to show off that sparkling Stark personality. Her expression sobers a moment later.
“FNAF? You mean like that horror game?” she asks.
It kinda is. It’s just that the kid shows up out of nowhere to give me the extra oomph I need to get Chica out. She screams mechanical murder, but we slam the door behind her. The kid holds it closed while my legs give out from underneath me, my hands instinctively going to my stomach. I can still feel a gentle
A deep, sinister laugh cuts through the air as soon as the grandfather clock stops ringing. I freeze where I am, and I’m pretty sure my heart skips a beat, because my toes get all tingly and that’s even
that I’m getting that isn’t mine. Which means we have some form of control over the situation.
kind of sense when dealing with this thing.
It’s a good ten minutes of just holding each other and slowly coming back from the stress of Toni almost dying, but once it’s over, she gently pulls away. “The baby?”
When I played the game, I was uncannily good at guessing when someone was there and when they left because I could hear/feel what I can only describe as a high-pitched electronic buzz/whine/I-don’t-know-what-it-was gut feeling. It got me through to the third night without a jumpscare. Of course, at that point I was so paranoid and the game got hard, and I ignored the Freddles and got a nasty scare. I use that same gut feeling now to determine exactly when - Chica, I think, ‘cause I remember that she’s a chicken - leaves the door, then I go over to handle Captain Redbeard in the closet.
Except I don’t really know how to “handle” him, and I do something incredibly stupid. I just sort of...plant my heel in his forehead and force him back, hoping that he doesn't get smart and snap my entire foot off at the ankle. By some miracle, he does go back in while hissing in an
“Just fine,” I answer, almost breathless with relief. “Both of you are gonna be okay.”
The clicks and whirs, the creaky hydraulic hisses, the dull thud of her heavy feet coming up and down on the carpet as she advances toward me, they all add to the semi-hypnotic atmosphere. I almost trip over the phone, which rings like kiddie phones do as I step on and then over it. With one hand, I keep the plush tucked up against me, and with the other I beckon her to come forward by holding it out in a stop motion while I circle. I’ve lost track of the kid.
I smile slightly, feeling relieved at hearing his voice. “You’re not going to believe what just happened.”
I wake up with a jolt and sit straight up in my bed. Heart thudding, it takes me a moment to calm down and realize I’m back in my room. I’m safe. All thanks to Toni.
, and there’s no blood. My shoulder hurts like a sonuvabitch, but I did just linebacker slam a two ton robot into a hallway. It’s not dislocated, that’s all I can ask for.
I look around the room for something to hold this door closed with, since it opens outward and these things - being what looks like high-strength, or at the very least, meant for smashing things over - would probably knock down a dresser if we pulled it over. There’s a closet, but I can’t reach it without letting go of my door.
Oh, Lord, I’m the
“Teleportation?” She suggests. I tilt my head in an accepting nod.
“And I was at SHIELD. How could someone get us here, and why?” I ask, though I’m thinking aloud more than I am asking her.
She shrugs, “Alright, I guess.”
I flash her an easy-going smirk that betrays none of my caution or hesitancy about the whole situation. “How’s it goin’?”
of Fred-thing’s fingers digging into my back before I myself break free.
“No. I just woke up here.” She answers. I nod, then shake my head.
“Hey, Tam. What’s up?”
This is when yet another of my wonderfully late epiphanies hits. Both she and I woke up here, after being in places we considered safe, with no knowledge of who or what brought us here. There were so many things that shouldn’t have worked that did - forcing Bonnie back out, pushing Foxy back into the closet, the
means that I
They both look at me, but while the kid then looks at Chica, Chica keeps walking towards me. I’m still holding the plushie, and I have another shoe. I start backing up in a circle, hoping the kid has the smart sense to stay out of the way as I lead Chica around the room.
worrying in my...present condition.
reason I never played this game is because I had
“You gonna tell me where you were before here?”
I wake suddenly, my whole body coming alive with the tension I only get when I’m in immediate danger. I look around the room and am automatically thrown off by the difference. I went to bed...I was at SHIELD. I crashed in a break room; I remember now.
more frightening up close than when he’s even just on the other side of the door. We remain silent, not taking his bait. He plods around the bed, and I hear the covers ruffle. We hear it get thrown over, landing against the floor and wall with a crashing thud that almost masks his eager half-step into where the bed used to lie.
I sit up in bed and check the time. I frown. It’s 2 in the afternoon...I must’ve fallen into the nightmare when I came up here to get away from Big G for a bit. I glance at my closet, relieved to find the door shut. I don’t think I’ll be opening that door, or any door, without a decent electric bolt ready for a long while.
Heartbeat monitors never sounded so lovely.
The flashlight - which I have no idea how it ended up in my hands - goes up almost of its own accord and scatters the Freddles again. I take a deep breath.
He stands
“Okay,” I whisper, shaking myself back to some faux state of control. “Okay.” I look back at the kid. “How’re you holdin’ up?”
What I actually do is yelp and throw my shoe at it. That does nothing, by the way.
running, and I’ve seen a lot of scary shit. Afghanistan, for a huge one. The other side of space, for two. But this was the one that wormed its way into my nightmares for a week, and I have to really focus to get my mind back under control.
many ideas about how to make it easier. For example, if one could just pick up the Foxy plushie and throw him back into the hallway, as long as you kept him out, the closet would no longer require maintenance. Now, If this was an actual game, that wouldn’t be viable. In fact…
She shakes her head, “No.”
She jerks the light from the bed to the closet. His snout, clawed to pieces and eyes radiating blood-red light, peers out at us from the closet door. At the light, he stops his advance, and I have a choice to make. Leave my post or leave him there. I press my ear to the door and use the one edge that Clint never figured out.
That nightmare, or whatever it was, was hellish. It was so real. As if I was really in that room, doing those things.
“What the hell are these things?” the girl asks.
“Wake up,” I whisper to her. “It’s just a nightmare; it’s not our nightmare. Wake up!”
I frown slightly. “Why?”
, a large mechanical rabbit there. It’s about 7 feet tall, bending down to fit inside the doorway. It’s blue and metallic, though it’s designed to look like felt fabric, and the stomach area of the nightmare Chuck-E-Cheese reject has been cut or torn away to reveal the spinal column of the endoskeleton beneath. Other parts of the metal shell have been torn away in a half-rotted, half-shredded pattern. Its mouth is filled with sharp needle teeth, and its eyes are glowing a ghostly white.
A tingle goes down my spine and the doorknob rattles under my fingers as they shake. This is not good, this is very not good, this is not good at all.
outside. The glow from his red eyes shines through the slats in the closet doors, casting our unmistakable shadow across the back wall. I can feel his breaths, hot and heavy and tinged with the scent of burning grease and blood, brushing across my back and neck. My heart is beating so fast that I’m sure it’s audible even without direct contact or a stethoscope, but I continue holding the kid as tightly and comfortingly as I can, as if just staying still and quiet can stop this nightmare.
Tony says enjoying Steve holding him, it felt like he belonged there, Tony looks at Steve's basket and sees the R2-D2 plushie "is that for me?" Tony asks looking at up at Steve, surprised that he would get it for him. Steve laughs “yeah it is. I walked by it and saw the Star Wars tag so I figured you would like it.” Steve says and hands it to Tony. He looks at Tony’s basket and sees the paint set “is that for me?” Steve asks and smiles at him still holding him close. "Huh oh yeah it is I was thinking you could make one of the spare rooms on my floor into a art studio, it has a great view of the city!" Tony says putting it in Steve's basket, he sees the smile on Steve's face and his heart jumps *I either have to tell him soon that I like him or I'm going to die because my heart explodes because he's so cute* Tony thinks.
After what seems like an hour of Steve Rogers staring into the back of my head, the bell finally rings and I quickly gather my stuff say a brief “see you in chemistry” to Bruce as I run towards the door and out into the hallway. *Phew I got out before Brock and his gang could say or do anything to me* I sigh and make my way to gym, my least favourite subject. As I am walking I see Rhodey coming out of French with Clint and I make my way to them as I know they have gym too but before I can call out to them, I'm pushed sideways into the wall. “Out of my way Stark, if you know what's good for you!” Brock says as he makes his way to his next class. “Shit, Tony are you ok?” Rhodey, god bless him runs over to see if I'm alright “it's ok Rogers I can handle him” I hear Rhodey mutter to someone. As I'm helped into an upright position I hear a faint “sorry” and turn to see Steve backing away and toward Brock who was getting a face full of Clint, tell him off. “Are you alright Tony? seriously I'm going to kill Brock if he hurt you again I swear” “It’s not worth it, Rhodey” I say as pick my school bag up off the floor, “Let's just get to gym, I don't want to get detention”
They arrive back to the tower and are greeted by Jarvis "Welcome back Sir and Captain Rogers, would you like the heating turned up?" "Oooo yes please Jarvis and have the moving people scheduled for tomorrow, Steve is moving up to my floor, oh and could you set up the living room for a movie marathon, Star Wars please Jarvis" Tony says walking to the elevator "Certainly Sir and can I say that I am happy you have found someone to share your nightmares with, I'm sure Captain Rogers is a suitable candidate as he too stuffers from them" Jarvis comments.
The cafeteria was crowded with students going to get their lunch, the mumble of chatter heard all around the room and I look around for the floppy brown curly head of hair of one Tony Stark, a cute small nerdy kinda guy, who I had developed a huge crush on. I scan the room and spot him in between Natasha and Clint. A laugh that could be heard a mile away is like music to my ears as I watch Tony laughing and joking with his friends. I sigh wishing that I could one day make Tony laugh or smile like that. A hand settles on my shoulder, making me jump. “Hey, sorry man didn’t mean to make you jump, you looked like you were staring into space”. I turn to face my friend Brock Rumlow, a quarterback on the school team which I'm captain of. “Hey, no problem I was just thinking about what new tactics we could use in tonight's practice”. I lie covering the fact that I was staring at Tony. “Aww man not more tactics, I can hardly remember the ones we learned last week, dude”. Jack Rollins, Steve's other friend who was also a quarterback on the team, sits down in front of me, blocking my view of Tony.  “Dude, get over yourself it's just a few new things, nothing hard I promise, I Just want us to be prepared for our next match against Hydra High”. I say a little annoyed, now that I don't have a clear view of Tony anymore. We continue talking about the upcoming match when all of a sudden the bell ring, as we get up to leave while Brock grumbles under his breath “time for physics, god kill me” “Hey it’s not that bad, you just don’t want to go because you forgot to study for the test last week and don’t want to get your test back”. Physics wasn’t Steve's favourite subject but he did try hard to study for the tests, the only reason he didn't fail was that he didn’t want to look like an idiot in front of Tony, who was in his class. Tony always got excellent marks which was fair because he loved the subject and Steve thought that if he liked the subject too then he would have done better too. While getting up for class, Steve sees out of the corner of his eye that Tony was starting to get up and head to class too, Steve tried to hurry so he could walk past Tony, just for an excuse to bump into him and have a reason to talk to him, even if it was to say sorry. Tony looks at him as he says sorry but doesn't say anything but continues on to class ahead of Steve and friends, whispering to Bruce who was another friend of Tony's friends. “He did it again, he bumped into me, why does he keep doing it?”. “I'm not sure Tony but I think you should just ignore him”. Bruce said with a sigh as he got out his books. Class begins and Ms Hill comes in with a stack of papers, everybody groans. “Ok class so as you know last week we had a test and here in my hand, I have the results and as usual some of you did great and some of you didn’t study at all”. She starts to walk up and down the rows, handing out the results and reaches Tony and Bruce who not surprisingly got 100%, then it was Steve's turn, he looks at it and it has a bold red marker 88%, Steve sighed he had done better than he had expected. From behind him, he can hear Brock and Jack grumbling about their results “shit man I got 56%” “yeah well I got 32% Jack, so don’t come crying to me cause I’m going to be killed by my parents”. Steve turns to show his results to his friend “Well if you studied like I told you then you would have gotten higher than you did” “Shut up Steve, we all know you're secretly a nerd” said Brock while rolling his eyes because Steve always gets higher than them in any tests. “Hey I’m no nerd, I just study sometimes”. Says Steve with an eye roll. A cough comes behind them makes Steve and Jack turn around and see Tony turn back in his seat. *Shit did Tony hear say I don't like nerds!!* he thoughts are disrupted by Brock's voice saying “What’s your problem, stark??” Tony’s ears go red and he slowly turns around to look at the jocks.”Nothing just coughing, I swear” Tony's eyes are wide and as he stares at Brock. “It seemed that you think my results are funny?” Says Brock while cracking his knuckles. “I only coughed, I didn’t laugh I swear Brock, I only cough”. Tony’s voice cracking a bit, his eyes starting to gloss over. “ Well just because your parents are rich and famous and can pay for anything and everything you want doesn't make you better than the rest of us” “Hey Brock lay off him, he said he was sorry”. Steve said while glaring at Brock. *Maybe now Tony will see that I care for him, by me standing up to Brock for him* Steve thinks while smiling at Tony. Tony glares at him and huffs in frustration and says “I can stand up for myself, Rogers” at the same time as Brock says “What the fuck, Steve? I thought you had my back?!” “What?! I mean yeah man I have your back, it’s just you don’t have to be a dick about after he apologized” I say while turning to sit forward and see that Tony has turned back around in his seat again, his neck still red. “Ok class, I know you want to talk to your friends about your results but that can wait until after class, time to actually learn something today,” Mrs Hill says as she writes today's date and the subject of what we're learning today on the whiteboard, The whole class groans.
