“Sherlock-” He wanted to warn him, tell him something was off, that it was probably too much, but he never got the chance.
“Yes, now put it in” Sherlock urged him as if he was speaking to a child. Watson could feel his temper act up again. Although it hadn’t had much time to calm down. And he was supposed to be his new partner. Temporary partner. At this rate, they wouldn’t make it through the case. This was ridiculous, what was he doing here?
It was four in the morning when Watson’s eyes snapped open. Heart beating hard against his chest and head, he quickly became aware of his aching body. It took him a moment to understand he had fallen asleep on the floor.
“Actually, uh, Sherlock’s working on this new experiment; wanted to see if she could use your mass spectrometer and compare her results with the ones from the autopsy.” John pointed at the door over her shoulder. “She was right behind me, probably snuck out for a fag and thinks I won’t notice.”
She shook her head at him but smiled before heading back downstairs. Holmes quickly opened one of the boxes they were supposed to carry to the trucks.
“Take those boxes and load them into one of the two locked trucks. I’ll go get you the keys while you bring them outside.”
John pursed his lips and fought the urge to smirk back. The gleam in his partner’s eyes was irritably distracting. It didn’t usually have this much effect on him, but honestly, with this whole style change and black and white effect, was absolutely captivating. Just watching him pace was making John’s mind go blank.
“Oh, I think it’s exactly what I think it is. Why bother lying? You know I can tell. What does it do?” She asked, lifting an eyebrow pointedly, smiling at John even more. Sherlock lost his patience and moved to grab the artifact but Irene tightened her grip and immobilised Sherlock instantly. Her eyes widened as she grasped the crop’s powers.
Nevertheless, as he stood in the middle of the room, he found himself overwhelmed. Looking at pictures of individual items and reading their descriptions was one thing. Seeing them all at the same time as his mind supplied image after image of their uses was another.
John blinked a few times in an attempt to convince himself that whatever the hell he was looking at was really there. He didn’t know how to describe what he was witnessing other than a mean looking thunderstorm without the rain.
“An artefact sighting. When the Warehouse computer detects a possible artefact it goes ping.” Sherlock said as he put away his violin.
“What’s the matter with you?” John asked, after Mrs. Hudson had left, shaking her head and mumbling to herself.
Up the stairs was a corridor on the left and one on the right. Sherlock approached the top slowly. He could hear the rattle of door knobs on his left. He finished climbing the stairs and laid flat against the opposing wall, having seen the man trapped in a dead end, trying to find an unlocked door. He walked silently on the carpeted floors toward the door frame separating the rooms from the entrance hall. He looked through the ramp and saw John standing up, his hand tight around the bottom post of the stair case, holding his head. They had minutes left. He had to move now.
Two hours later, Sherlock found himself across the street from the store. He was smoking his second cigarette in a row, rehearsing chosen words in his head. It was a precaution, to have prepared words, to prevent himself from saying anything accidentally insulting.
. No matter the label, John was starting to regret where he was leading the conversation as he felt his partner’s pale eyes roam over him, which was sort of turning him on and not helping the situation at all.
“I don’t know.” The woman said truthfully. It clearly wasn’t what Sherlock wanted to hear. He walked as far away from her as he could and started pacing. Mycroft sighed and sat, inviting the woman to sit in front of him, which she did. He looked at her a moment before questioning her.
“Getting an artifact. I thought that was fairly obvious.” He answered without missing a beat on whatever he was doing. John felt annoyed at how he was being treated.
“No, I did not.” He pouted, sitting back in his chair. Mycroft sat back and looked at the soldier expectantly. Moving his eyes from one man to the other, the soldier took a moment to think. He hadn’t told the story in years but the memory was still vivid. He rubbed his face with his hand and took a deep breath before speaking.
He heavily made his way to the kitchen sink to down a glass of water. Ignoring his nausea, John considered going back to bed for an hour, but figured a shower would probably do more good.
Watson burst out laughing at the call back to their first argument. “You’re right, I did say that.” He shook his head. They had come such a long way since then. “I also said people do crazy things for love. I think this counts.”
“I don’t know but it’s been there a couple of years.” Sherlock commented deadpan, making John giggle so hard he had to steady himself, his hip bumping into Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Sometimes I envy you, having a mind idle enough to enjoy such simple things.” Sherlock said as he crouched in front of the lock and took out two paperclips.
They managed to get a run-through of the Date Song, with minimal criticism on Holmes’s part about the choice of a first date in an amusement parks. Their acting as they jumped apart at the end made Stamford laugh out loud, and was applauding before they had finished the song.
Stamford shook his head. “Shame though, you’re so good. You would have been a natural in a detective story.”
“That’s not the...” John put his hands on his hips and looked up at the ceiling. “Because it’s not just about when we’re in the field.” He shook his head. “God, how can I explain this?” he added, more to himself. “Look, I understand if you don’t want to talk about what happened with...” He waved his hand, not knowing what term to use for Sherlock’s ex partner without making things worse. “But don’t brush me off like I’m some stranger when I risk my life with you every other day. I wouldn’t risk your life carelessly, so I’d appreciate it if you would do the same.”
John lifted the blood soaked shirt to look at the wound and saw nothing. No wound, no trace of scarring, only a clear stomach with a red sheen from the blood soaked shirt.
“What’s that?” Sherlock stepped closer and took the page from his hand to inspect it. It was from a typewriter, but clearly not from the 1940s.
He loathed being home. Being home on leave wasn’t so bad, since it was like pressing pause during a movie. But a suspension. A suspension meant there was no movie to pause. There was just an empty screen.
“I just want you to be happy.” Stamford wrapped an arm around Watson’s shoulders. “But this better not mess with the investigation or I will strangle the both of you.”
Sherlock smirked. Funny how he preferred being a little pain slut rather than other terms of endearment along the lines of fuzzy bunnies.
With a heavy heart, Watson had picked up a pen and started editing. He worked on it for weeks, and when it was done, he didn’t even consider sending it out. Watson had written it for himself, it wasn’t meant to be made.
“Often? No. But it does happen.” So whoever had brought Manning back to life was worth Mycroft’s attention.
“Alright.” Wiggins was in a good mood. “Let’s do the first meeting one last time, then we’ll move on to the date.”
The ground rumbled as the Armor charged much faster than the agent was expecting. Almost as if the artifact were protecting him, the sabre swung up and to the left, but it was too late. Even though his parry saved him from a blow to the heart, the Armor’s blade still cut his left shoulder.
“You gotta crawl before you walk, kid,” Ms Hawkins chuckled, “because Ms Adler is going to dance circles around you.”
Sherlock cleared her throat and fiddled with her phone. She needed a moment to push aside the blooming fondness at the notion that John knew her well enough to notice a change in her behaviour.
Please note this story is set about 2 years after S4 of Sherlock (or as I like to call it: what S4?), and was supposed to be set during S2 of B99 pre-Jake/Amy, but the storyline between Diaz and Pimento ended up in there, so uh, please ignore the timelines and go with it?
Watson was dumbstruck. Whatever they had done during rehearsal had taken Holmes’s performance from the audition and elevated it. His walk had a slight spring, as if he was putting most of his weight on the balls of his feet. He had a slight hunch, making his arms seem longer. He was even doing something with his jaw that transformed his face and gave his diction a slight texture to his Ts and Ps.
Lestrade heard Holmes call from inside, so he turned the knob and walked in. Holmes was pacing the small room, looking angry at the sight of Lestrade.
“We were sent to find evidence of a counterfeit aircrafts parts organisation. It had links with the black market, they were well along, selling parts all over the world, and you couldn’t tell the difference. We discovered the planes they were dismounting, the storage warehouse with all the parts, the equipment they were using to replace the serial numbers. We had taken pictures of everything. All was going along fine; we only had one more hanger to search. Gote took care of the door. Manning went in first, then Andrews, Gote, and I was about to follow them when I saw a guard outside, so I held back to take care of him. I approached him, hiding between two buildings. I knocked him out, dragged his unconscious body to where I was hiding. That’s when I heard the shots. I ran to the hanger, looked through the door and saw their bodies on the floor. The alarms went off. All I could do was run out of there. Andrews had most of the evidence on him, but with what I had, it was enough to take down the company and the underground rig in that city. Everything was ceased but they never found their bodies.”
“None that could have a chance to move it without risking them to combine forces and possibly create an even more dangerous artifact.”
John didn’t stop the fond smile that spread across his face. He leaned across the table next to Sherlock and kept his eyes on him as he spoke. “Waypoint.”
Ms Hooper put her hand on Stamford’s arm and squeezed gently. He turned to her, surprised. She looked him in the eye and calmly said. “Mr Wilkes is here.”
“It’s not like this is my specialty.” John answered back, frustrated and trying to think of a solution. He tried again and again to pour the purple goo over the tattoo, only to see it move on a different part of Sherlock’s body every time. John put down the jar and gently probed the tattoo with his gloved fingers, taking note that it wasn’t moving when he wasn’t trying to stop it. That’s when he realized what the only possible way to fix this was. “Sherlock, I know what to do.”
“God this is so tedious. Alright fine. In that room is a dangerous artefact that, in the wrong hands, can kill hundreds. I cannot leave without it. The fate of the world depends on it.” Watson had trouble processing all the information the man had just sped out of his mouth. Questions flooded his brain, mainly about the man’s sanity, but they were short of time so he went to the essential.
“She’s supposed to keep an eye on you, keep you busy, and there you go, running after Small. Now because of your little run in with Small, what we had planned for next weekend was moved up to today.”
“I don’t know.” He repeated again, his fists clenched. He closed his eyes a moment to get his temper under control before continuing. “That’s why I was trying to bring it back here, with the man who can give us some kind of explanation of what it is. That is, hoping that this guy wasn’t out of his mind.”
“You underestimate the motivational skills of live fire.” He joked over the sound of running water, resorting to humour to cover up his awkwardness. He had barely walked into the kitchen that Sherlock was already trying to piss him off.
Sherlock bit his lip as he stared at the screen. Did he want to call John sir? He had read about it, but it didn’t strike him as something arousing. Sherlock had only assumed John would want something of the sort given his army back—
The sound of the truck filled the air. They listened to Moran climb out to open the fence, and climb back in. Holmes and Watson saw the wheels appear in what they could see from their hiding place, as Moran parked next to the second truck. They watched Moran’s feet appear on the ground as he stepped out, then disappear as he walked over to close the fence.
Drinks in hand, they slowly made their way back. John attempted to brainstorm ideas on how to bring it back to the warehouse and wasn’t surprised when it turned out to be a rather one sided conversation.
silly love stories. I take something that matters and explore it in depth.” He stared back at Watson as he spoke.
Watson rolled his eyes and stubbornly finished inspecting before answering. “Because of the blood, it looks worse than it is.”
Molly had walked into the lab and found John pressed up against the wall, Sherlock’s body trapping her there. John’s eyes were closed, a slight frown within her relaxed face, her mouth open as she breathed heavily. She had one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, her fingers flexed as she scratched Sherlock’s skin through her shirt, hard enough to mark the fabric. The fingers of John’s other hand tangled in Sherlock’s dark curls, holding her in place, face hidden in the crook of John’s neck.
To Sherlock’s relief and disappointment, the suction stopped. John’s tongue soothed the area, then licked a path up to Sherlock’s ear.
Looking back, Watson knew most of his works about the war had been a coping mechanism. A way to remember, to honour his time as a soldier, as a captain, and move forward in his new life as a civilian.
. The half-baked sets, the poorly tailored costumes, the second-class music, a lead actor who can barely lead a Waltz. And don’t get me started on this script! I don’t care what you say Stamford, you can’t polish a turd!” He kicked the script on the floor. “This excuse for a story is the root of it all.” Morgan racked his fingers through his hair ignoring the crew’s stares. “It isn’t, it isn’t…”
The phone on the counter a few feet away rang loudly, making them both snap out of whatever was happening. John cleared his throat and turned away; Sherlock crouched over the guest book. Using the pencil, he slowly rubbed the side of the tip against the paper to reveal the outline of the indentation.
“Is it the new partner effect?” She continued, speaking to Sherlock but looking at John, as if she were evaluating him. “Can’t be, it’s been over a month, you should have gotten bored already, so it must be him.” She slowly closed the gap between them. John’s hands held the side of the table as her perfume filled his nose. “Either way, I can understand the appeal. It’s quite the catch you have here.” Her eyes travelled up and down the length of him. She stood between his legs, her thighs close to his but not quite touching. “A soldier and a doctor, that’s quite an interesting mix. I can only imagine what an evening with you could be like.”
Holmes listened to the commotion coming from the inside with a frown before the door opened in a rush. Watson’s hair ruffled as he stood with his arm extended, holding the door open. He had changed into a white button-down shirt with a black jumper, making him look terribly handsome despite his exhaustion. Even if he looked equal parts terrified and excited. Until their eyes met and a wide smile grew on Watson’s face.
He looked at Sherlock who was fiddling with his phone with one hand and holding his tea in the other. His eyes moved from Sherlock to the room, looking at his new flat. This whole place for just the two of them. Not that he minded having this much space, being used to being reduced to a bed and a duffle bag, and sharing common rooms with 20 other soldiers. And compared to his flat, this place was, well, alive. But it was one thing to share living space with your fellow soldiers; it was another to share a flat with your work partner. It felt so... intimate. But the oddest thing was, even though he still had the urge to punch him, he felt... comfortable.
“Confirm!” Saying it loudly was all John could do to prevent himself from adding colorful comments to the command.
“Don’t ask me how it works, but that’s why Mycroft recruited you. I don’t get it, only a few select people have the abilities to deal with the kind of danger artefacts can create.”
This made Sherlock pause. He stared at John, a smile tugging at his lips. “Do you really want to know?” His tone was neutral, but John could hear the slight taunt.
“I was thinking more along the lines of showing my older brother I can take care of myself just fine on my own, thank you very much.” Ms Adler laughed, and they locked eyes before Holmes continued. “I just want to be free to live my life as I see fit.” Holmes said sombrely before looking at Ms Adler and smiling. “But I guess I could also help people.”
“I gotta say, Stamford, I didn’t know you were such a risk taker. Quite the set of balls you got there.”
“That depends if you’re referring to the first time or the second time...” John cleared his throat and silently continued to check Sherlock’s vital signs.
“Good. I’ll have Ms Hooper bring you a copy of the sheet music, so you have a look before rehearsal tomorrow.”
They hadn’t heard Molly come in and didn’t seem to notice her as she stood there, unmoving, overwhelmed by her sudden elevated heartrate. She felt a blush creeping up her neck. She blinked a few times, attempting to breathe calmly through her nose, before realising her mouth had come open when John hissed with pleasure.
Sherlock frowned briefly but followed. They nodded to Barnabas and left, ignoring the barman’s stares. John looked down the street as they stepped outside and smiled.
I don’t know what those words mean but We can call Boyle, get him in the parking lot. If this guy comes anywhere near this place--
It took six takes before they moved on to the next shot. They gave the lead actors a small break during the change up. That’s when Holmes managed to speak to Adler.
They returned shortly after with what could only be assumed was the nurse, with her white dress and bonnet with the red cross on her short curly blond hair. She was holding a small glass of chalky white water.
Group POV: John climbs up the ladder to the cabin. Once he’s at the top, the group can no longer see him.
Watson was surprised Moran was still inside the courtyard when he saw his feet reappear as he walked over to the door that lead to the office area and let himself in.
“Brains and beauty, you’re the whole package Doris. Thanks.” He hung up and reluctantly removed his hand; carefully avoiding imagining what it would have felt like without the thin layer of fabric.
It was flawless. He was listening to something Ms Hawkins was saying, but his eyes kept wandering, never staying in the same spot too long. The new person effect had started wearing off, and along with the new energy on set, which meant nobody noticed his furtive glances.
Watson shook his head. “No. No, it wasn’t, but maybe…” He could feel himself on the verge of wheezing from a panic attack, his voice tight from the pressure in his chest. “Maybe Edward doesn’t know what he wants anymore.”
“I should have known that the best way to get you to stop moping is to say something you can criticise.”
He barely registered the string of curses coming from John when his glans pressed deep in Sherlock’s throat. Having his mouth full of John was indescribable, enough for Sherlock to ask himself if John’s pleasure was more important than breathing.
He froze as he realised he was empathising again. That would explain why he felt all over the place. Shaking his head, John looked up at his partner, who was watching him intently, the light catching the side of his face, giving his pale grey features a sort of glow.
"Sometimes I felt like he was seeking protection from me more than anything, and that's why he was so angry when I needed to leave. I never really understood it fully. It was almost as if... as if he felt some deep-seated fear but couldn't properly identify it. That might also be another reason why he reacted so enthusiastically to the drugs. To shut off his mind, to let go... he could only do that when he was high." Victor shook his head sadly and rubbed both hands over his face as if to wipe away the memories.
"Who... were you referring to?" John asked hesitantly, feeling as if he were poking a hornet's nest with a stick.
"Don't... don't be ridiculous... John," Sherlock said, completely unable to infuse his voice with the desired amount of harshness. "Virginity is a social construct thought up by alphas to control omegas. Having sex with someone else doesn't make me more or less pure.
"Sherlock?" John came to the flat door and pulled it open. He sought out Sherlock's eye with a combination of uncertainty and concern. "What happened?"
"All right, fine, let's go see them. I don't want to miss out on the chance they're willing to talk about Sherlock. And either way, it'll be good for you to see those places again that you visited with him," John said after a while, forcing a smile onto his lips, which Victor returned.
John had to summon all of his willpower in order not to provide himself some relief. His cock was painfully hard, and standing out from his body like a rod. A fine rivulet of pre-come trickled down the shaft and seeped into his pubic hair.
"I don't want to adopt, John. I just can't imagine raising a stranger's child. And Cilia's opposed to artificial insemination. She says she doesn't want to be impregnated by some stranger's sperm and a turkey baster. It's silly, but..."
"Really?" A warm feeling spread through John's abdomen, and he petted Sherlock's curls with his free hand.
At the West Bromwich station, John wiped his sweaty palms off on his jeans, shouldered his travel bag, and gave Sherlock a smile infused with more confidence than he felt.
Greg crouched down in front of him, sighed, and reached for John's hand, squeezing it gently in a futile attempt to give him some comfort. The dull emptiness inside John prevented him from reacting to the touch in any manner. He stared absently at the fingers stroking the back of his thumb. Warm and callused. The faint scent of nicotine hit his nose, betraying the fact that Greg must have had a smoke a short time earlier. Something he rarely did anymore. Only when he was nervous, overwhelmed, or out of ideas. Right then, he might have been all three.
Afterwards, each of them received an envelope with their certificate inside. The registrar congratulated them and wished them all the best – and then they were done.
Moran himself appeared outwardly calm, although his fingers scratched nervously at the leather armrest. Notwithstanding, the man was a politician and clearly didn't want to show his hand just yet. With an appropriate degree of disinterest, he let his gaze wander over Sherlock.
"A hotel then..." Sherlock said, shifting his weight restlessly from one foot to the other as he watched the lights leaping from one floor to the next on the display.
"All right, fine." Lestrade sighed and gathered up his papers. "If you remember anything else, don't hesitate to contact me. I'm usually here at the Yard." He took a business card out of his breast pocket and slid it – after a moment's hesitation – into the middle of the table, as if to say that it was up to Mycroft who ended up with the card.
"So, Sherlock... Bill and I had been wanting a child for a while, although I was certainly the driving force behind that wish. We thought about adopting, but in the end decided against it as we would only have been allowed to take a beta."
Sherlock sat up and leaned back against the sofa. He heard the front door closing, followed by footsteps in the hall. But only those of a single person. Judging by the creaking of the floorboards, it must be Victor, who was heavier than Tom.
"Yeah, sure, but... the first name. Can't be many of those," Donovan said and indicated the column where the name was listed.
Mycroft pulled up the next picture, which showed Sherlock during physical therapy. The strain was written all over his face as he leaned on a wall in order to take tentative steps.
"The letters seem to be pretty old. At least the paper's not new, or maybe it was already old when they were written. They were done on an old-fashioned typewriter, although that doesn't mean they were written before computers became popular. There's no date on any of the letters, which makes me think someone didn't want a date assigned to them. Sherlock signed them with his initials but never sent them. I don't know who 'W' might be... and... well." John opened another letter and slid it across the table so that Mycroft could read it. "They all seem to refer to fairy tales, although I'm really no expert."
"Sherlock?" John's voice penetrated the half-closed bathroom door, both a curse and promise; like invisible fingers reaching for him, lulling him into complacency and trying to draw him back in.
"Shh..." Victor hissed with a mischievous grin and nibbled his way down Tom's neck to his collarbone, where he greedily suckled the skin there in between his teeth, then licked back up his neck to capture Tom's earlobe. He slid one of his legs in between Tom's, pressing his thigh against Tom's groin in silent demand.
"I thought not. You Holmeses aren't exactly cuddlers..." she said, sounding downright wistful. "In that case... take something of his to bed with you. A piece of clothing, something that smells like him. A hot water bottle can also be helpful as it's reminiscent of his body heat. There's nothing else to be done, I'm afraid."
"When should I be there?" Sherlock asked. He turned to John, who had just entered the living room and was staring at the wall with rounded eyes. A small smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock's mouth at the sight.
"Mr Holmes?" A nurse entered the waiting room and looked at Sherlock expectantly. "You can go into treatment room four now. The doctor will be right with you."
"It's just a fairy tale… soul bonding," Sherlock clarified, even as his heart sped up. There was no denying that they both probably had the same suspicion regarding the nature of their bond, yet it was incredibly difficult for Sherlock to face up to a myth become reality.
"Fuck," John repeated breathlessly. He shoved the box of flowers under his arm and dragged his other hand over his mouth and eyes before pinching the bridge of his nose and taking several deep breaths. Only then did he turn to face Cilia with a slack expression. "You've given me quite a lot of food for thought there."
But inevitably, images floated to the top of his consciousness that reminded him of when the last time was that he'd felt something like this – soft, hungry lips, wandering hands, warm breath on his skin – and a lump manifested in his throat.
But Victor... Victor was John's last link to Sherlock, and their friendship meant something to him. To both of them. For that reason, there was no question of whether he would forgive Victor or not. He'd already done so a long time ago, and he hoped the feeling was mutual.
Jones guffawed and drained half of his glass in one gulp. "Wait and see, Doc. The show's about to … ah... get started."
John let go of the deflating penis and turned away. A dull thud sounded as the back of his head hit the wood of the barracks wall. He tried to get his frantic breathing under control and stay quiet, as he had very little interest in being found by one of his fellow soldiers with his pants down. Although to be sure, he wouldn't be the first person to seek out the shelter of the little camp hut for a quickie.
Sherlock just let out a bored grunt. He had noticed that John left the flat every day and didn't return until the evening, but Sherlock wasn't entirely sure where he was going. Maybe he was looking for a job, or even another flat. Sherlock didn't really think so, though: after all, John felt it was more important to complain about his wonky leg than to do anything about it. And more importantly, he seemed to have got it into his head that he was going to take his role as Sherlock's alpha seriously.
If he were to be honest with himself, that last point bothered him more than he wanted to admit. He simply couldn't understand why Sherlock was rejecting him so completely. Especially now that he wasn't whinging and complaining, and had taken charge of his life once more. He no longer needed a cane, his new clothes looked fantastic on him, and he finally had a job again. He was no longer a poor caricature of an alpha. He'd proven that to Sherlock now on several levels.
Sherlock clenched his hands into fists. He took a deep breath, swallowing down the overwhelming sense of rage snarling like a wild animal inside him.
The first thing John noticed was the smell which suffused the entire place. Patchouli, rosebuds, and oriental spices combined with the scents of musk, hops, and arousal. Buried somewhere far beneath all of that was something sweet and mellow. And... John couldn't say for sure, but he fancied he was also picking up the stale scent of despair alongside the lust.
When the sound of someone clearing their throat came from the door, both men looked up. Mary was leaning against the door frame, her arms and legs crossed, watching the scene with one eyebrow perked with interest.
? It's about time in that case!" Infused with fresh energy, John set two bowls of rice, ma po tofu, and chop suey down on the table before going back to the kitchen to retrieve a plate of steaming wontons along with eating utensils – chopsticks for Sherlock, a fork and spoon for himself.
He couldn't face Mycroft looking like his heart had just been broken. The pain would pass soon enough, along with this strange feeling that seemed to be eating its way deeper and deeper into his cells with every passing second.
John tossed and turned in bed, kicked the blanket off, rolled from his left to his right side, but nothing helped quiet his mind and allow him to sleep. He was wide awake shortly before five. Just like every bloody morning. He would have liked to close his eyes again and get another couple of winks, but his body strictly denied him the wish.
It was pouring on the day of his appointment. London was ensconced in a grey-in-grey costume of rain, umbrellas, and dreary faces. The constant rushing sound of the water drowned out all of the other sounds of the city, sweeping together weary thoughts like refuse in the gutters. Faded spots of colour that clung to sewer grates or collected in lonely corners. Cold and wet and dismal.
And that mouth... A shaky breath struggled to escape Victor's throat. He ran his thumb across his lips again and again in a vain attempt to mimic the feeling of the kiss he'd shared with Sherlock.
An object on the table top caught Sherlock's attention. It was another small box, this time made of black lacquered wood. It was bigger than the one he'd found in the waiting room, but just as innocuous.
"The Diogenes Club is not an elitist alpha shack, Sherlock," Mycroft replied mildly, continuing to sip his coffee unperturbed.
John thought hard. There was Sherlock, of course, who had fought his omega status tooth and nail. Then Anthea, who most certainly was not happy in her relationship with Mycroft. The question was whether the dynamic between them was ascribable to their primary gender. If Sherlock was correct and Mycroft had more unconventional preferences, then that was most likely the bone of contention between them. Plus, the alpha was an unpleasant snob. Other than those two, the only omegas John knew were the victims in the Moran case. All in all, the omegas in his experience certainly didn't form a representative segment of the population.
"I don't know if I find any of this funny, Sherlock. What if she's right? Remember that your first heat started after we'd had that big row, and I... I grabbed you... Maybe it all comes down to biology in the end, and I'm just too much of a wet rag for you?"
done that. Anyway nesting only makes sense if there's a potential for offspring – which is definitely not the case with us."
"I truly hate to interrupt, but there are a couple of things we need to discuss. I've put water on to boil."
They went into the living room together, where they found Harry sitting on the couch with her father, staring glumly at the television. There were dark circles beneath her swollen eyes, and the skin around her pinched mouth looked greenish. She didn't look well. There was no question in John's mind whether Harry was hitting the bottle again, only how bad it was this time. Had she been kicked out of her job and her small flat, or had she left of her own accord because something hadn't suited her? It wouldn't be the first time something like that had happened. Short tempers and impulsivity were characteristics that both siblings shared. But this clearly wasn't the right time to bring it up with her. John's mother was just coming out of the kitchen, carrying dishes and silverware to set the table with.
"Hng..." Tom sighed and wrapped his arms around Victor's neck, filtering out the fact that they weren't alone.
"The bite. It's going to hurt outside of a heat. A lot. I'll have to bite hard enough to break the skin. Enough that a scar forms. You do realise that?" John asked.
, all right, but this?! Did he ask you to? Or are you only doing it to gain his attention because he can't stand spending a single day in the same house as you?"
On his laptop, he scrolled through a forum he'd recently discovered, clicking on several posts to get an overview of the topic. The forum was mainly targeted at and moderated by betas, but alphas and omegas occasionally chimed in as well. It was fascinating to see that there was a significant percentage of betas with an interest in the sexual behaviours of alphas and omegas, although they had to know that they rarely had a chance against an intact bond.
"Oui. I go three times a week. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Monsieur Hector insisted I maintain a fit physique."
John fancied his desire to become a doctor had manifested during that visit, when he'd crouched on Harry's bed, held her hand, and asked whether he could be a doctor too some day.
He flipped onto his stomach, resting on his elbows, and gingerly held the opening of the envelope up to his nose. It didn't smell of anything other than paper, ink, and the streets of London. It had been too long since it was in John's possession to bear even the slightest trace of him.
"This man may be part of your dearly beloved Work, but he made nothing but trouble for you in the months preceding your staged death, didn't he? How did it feel when he won John over and took him to bed? Did jealousy eat its way through your gut? Did you imagine what it would feel like to make him suffer for it? Well... today's your chance! Choose the gun and I'll let John go..."
It had nothing to do with his mind palace, although he thought he recognised many of the images. It was as if someone had uprooted them from their accustomed positions and transported them into this empty space where a hurricane was raging. With time, Sherlock managed to catch hold of a few individual images and hold onto them for a few seconds before the storm tore them away from him again.
Just to be sure, however, John set the vase down, crouched next to the body, and felt for a pulse. There was none to be found either: the omega was dead.
Sherlock had no idea what to say to that. He stared down at the carpet between his feet until he heard the door to Mrs Hudson's flat being shut downstairs. When he looked at the armchair, he saw the book Mrs Hudson had been carrying before. He picked it up and read the title.
As if to confirm his theory, he hears Sherlock’s brief, ecstatic moans that seem to reflect the changes in the pulse frequency. Without thinking about it, John reaches for his crotch and adjusts his neglected erection, which pushes needily against the zipper of his trousers. He lets his hand rest there, runs his thumb over the bulge and swallows the sigh that threatens to pass his lips.
She'd said Mycroft was afraid that John would break down completely sooner or later, and he'd hoped that Mary could stop him from doing anything stupid, should John's behaviour lead to any kind of mental incapacitation that made him lose control. But as just a good friend she could never have been any kind of substitute for Sherlock – and she'd never been more than that in the end.
If a similar scenario existed, it would only be found in a romance novel or romcom, or filed under nostalgic literature. Of course, John was familiar with a few of those ridiculous tearjerkers where an alpha and an omega were torn apart by adverse conditions immediately following their bond, during the initial lust-filled moments of the subsequent heat. The omega usually collapsed in misery and pined away, while the alpha did everything in their power to be able to gather their beloved partner up in their arms again. These stories usually had a happy ending: the couple would find their way back together after a series of twists and turns, the antagonist would be brought to justice, and alpha and omega lived happily ever after. The end.
Sherlock passed the time with doing more research online on how they might be able to help Harry and John's parents. He also sent Mycroft a text asking about the situation with his trust fund, only to receive the curt response:
In one final act, the clever omega had sent his confession to various newspapers and television stations. He had also posted it on several internet sites, and distributed it to the few omega aid societies in existence. In doing so, Sebastian had ensured that no alpha police officer or judge could make his testimony disappear.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder into Mycroft's ashen face before turning back to Moriarty. "When was that supposed to have been? We never met before the charade at Bart's."
"Help?! Haven't you done enough already? Nothing can help me now, damn it!" John knew he was talking himself into a tantrum, but he couldn't hold back the words, couldn't stuff them back into the hole that had opened up in his soul.
Harry's return put an abrupt damper on the cheery mood in the Watson household. John at least felt as if the walls were closing in on him and cutting off his air supply. He spontaneously decided to take a walk and show Sherlock his old neighbourhood.
"The syringe..." Sherlock choked out, his teeth grinding as he squeezed his jaws together. He turned his head to one side, closing his eyes to Moriarty's gloating grin, the nonchalant way he ambled over to the IV and injected the colourless fluid.
"John... what..." Sherlock gasped, followed by the squeak of the bedsprings when John muscled him down onto the mattress and slid up in between his legs. "… are you doing?"
Lestrade couldn't understand how a halfway intelligent person could do something like that to themselves.
When their number was called, Sherlock got up. "Don't worry, I've got it," he said and went to the front to pick up their tray. As he headed back, he saw that John had started bouncing his leg again. Sighing, he crossed the room, placed the tray on the wooden countertop, and sat down again.
John rubs over Sherlock’s wet glans and the hard shaft vigorously, grinding against Sherlock's back at the same time, but he doesn’t get enough friction for himself. With a mixture of excitement and frustration, he bites down on his lip and focuses on Sherlock's body, on the tremors in Sherlock’s limbs, the desperate sounds and the strenuous breaths. When he senses how each fibre in Sherlock tenses, his free hand reaches for Sherlock’s chin and pulls his head so far back that it comes to rest on John's shoulder.
Victor sipped at his water bottle, bored, as he let his gaze sweep across the crowd that populated the university grounds during orientation week like a swarm of locusts. He'd actually only wanted to enjoy his afternoon off and read a few pages while he sat beneath the chestnut tree near the entrance to the natural sciences building, soaking up the last few warm rays of the sun. But all these youngsters kept coming up to him, asking things:
"It's not a current report, it's almost two years old. I was taking Seven regularly at the time. I assume you know what that is?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock made an inquisitive sound and kept rubbing his nose against John's neck. John felt as if Sherlock's accelerated pulse were throbbing through his own veins. He wished for nothing more than to take his omega's pain away.
He laid his index finger across his lips, signalling John to remain silent. His entire body visibly taut, he squeezed his eyes shut and listened hard. John perked his ears as well, but the house didn't respond with anything more than a ghostly silence.
It had begun suddenly, and kept happening at more or less lengthy intervals. When he realised that it wasn't getting better, he went to the doctor to get checked out. But everything appeared to be normal. The beta doctor ushered him into her consultation room after completing the examination, and given him a sceptical look.
Sherlock chewed on his bottom lip, searching for words. "Not important," he said, but when he saw Victor's challenging look, he sighed in resignation. "I'd like to sit the exams for organic chemistry along with inorganic; physical and theoretical chemistry too."
"Goddammit!" Lestrade promptly bent down to collect the loose reports and crime scene photos before a passer-by got the shock of their life. He wasn't in the least surprised when the door to 221B slammed shut with a loud bang before the characteristic click of the lock sounded.
But this situation was completely different. For one thing, he had no idea when he might overstep one of Bill's limits. For that reason, he proceeded with caution as he started to touch those intimate parts of Cilia which Bill couldn't reach from her angle. He gently stroked her outer, then inner folds, wandering downward where he was pleased to find traces of moisture now.
John shook his head. "Why should it bother me? As long as Greg consents to it, it's none of my business. I'm not going to try and tell anyone who they can love. If both partners are happy, then I am too."
"Charming area," John answered dryly and leaned back in his chair, quite pleased with himself. "It was a pleasure to finally meet Mr and Mrs Holmes, seeing as they didn't come to Sherlock's funeral."
A distressed sigh escapes Sherlock's lips. It isn’t clear whether it’s the question that annoys him or the topic itself. However, John knows that Sherlock rarely mentions something that doesn’t actually bother him. "I dream of what happened at the pool."
When their eyes met the next time, John broke out in gooseflesh. There was something ominous in Mycroft's eyes. Something dark and foreboding.
Sherlock watched the scene unfold until the door closed with a soft click. Then he finally looked up and met his brother's eye. His anger and concern was clearly legible in the creases on his forehead and between his brows. His scent had also been affected, with something bitter and acrid penetrating the familiar aromas of tobacco and tweed.
John broke off in the middle of asking what Sherlock was talking about when he saw the mess in the bedroom.
That evening, Sherlock was disabused of that notion. Following his conversation with Anthea, Sherlock had withdrawn to his room and lain down on the bed. Now he was contemplating what it might mean that his brother was apparently showing interest in another alpha.
"You fucking bastard! You should be grateful I saved your sorry arse instead!" John snarled, pulling back for another hit. His body was on fire and protested painfully, but he couldn't manage to bow to his last shred of common sense and pull away from the other man. The alcohol in his blood cost him in accuracy, though, enabling Victor to keep avoiding the blows. As if in a trance, John fell upon him and tried to gain the upper hand. But even though Victor had never trained in martial arts, it was obvious that he also brought enough experience in hand-to-hand combat to the table.
A shot tore through the rumble of the marketplace, making John stagger. Loud shouts rang in his ears as he blinked dazedly down at the box of tea. It slipped out of his hand as if in slow motion and fell into the dirt.
It took the length of a cigarette and the rest of his tea before Victor began speaking again. Nick, who had taken the armchair cattycorner to the couch, seemed to have turned to stone. His hands on his bare knees and his empty gaze made it almost appear as if he'd withdrawn into his own mental space. Upon closer inspection, however, it was possible to make out his frantic heartbeat in the vibrations of his thin chest.
"Let's go through it again," John offered. Although he had no idea whether the constant repetition and summarising of the sparse information was helpful in finding a link or even solving the case.
"Sher...lock? Yeah, that's pretty unusual. What does it say about his alpha? Does he have a record? Any violence?" Lestrade had to work hard not to sound too accusatory without having more information. But in his opinion, the condition the omega had been found in could only mean that his alpha didn't take proper care of him, and might even be abusive.
"We ran into each other earlier," Abigail explained, gesturing between herself and Sherlock. "And so I asked first thing if he wanted to tag along, and ta-daa—"
Standing next to Sherlock and looking down at him causes an unexpected tug and tingling in John's stomach. He would like to reach for his dishevelled locks, caress the man's pale neck, and pull him close to him. As if Sherlock heard his thoughts, he gives John a questioning look. The light coming in through the window shines through Sherlock's eyes, turning them almost colourless. A jolt goes through John when the bread jumps out of the toaster and prompts him to turn around. Clearing his throat, he grabs the toasted slices and places them on Sherlock's plate before settling back down in his seat and refilling his own tea.
With one hand, John spread Sherlock's arse cheeks while steadying his now completely stiff cock with the other. He wasn't even really surprised anymore at the speed with which his body reacted to his omega. Instead, he enjoyed the arousal that flashed like lightning through his body. Testing the waters, he slid the head of his cock along Sherlock's damp crack, hissing when he felt the moisture that had already collected.
John didn't get any further than that, as Sherlock pulled the blanket off, clambered onto John's lap uninvited, and started frotting against him. Omega essence soon coated John's genitals, which rapidly filled with blood in response. It was only then that his sleep-drunk brain registered the heavy scent hanging in the air. His mouth started to water, making it difficult to swallow. John automatically wrapped his hands around Sherlock's naked hips while his cock swelled from half to full hardness.
One Monday morning, Sherlock was lying in bed, fully dressed, trying very hard not to think about that heat – most especially not the way John had touched him, the way John had felt, the way he'd tasted...
While John pulled his jumper over his head, Sherlock moved the revolver from on top of the bedspread and slid it underneath the pillow. Then he got into bed and made room for John. Once John had curled up close beside him, he covered them both up, put his arms around John, and took a deep breath.
"Fortunately, it never got that far. Something... erm... got in the way... Well, in any event. In the end, it turned out that Cilia, the omega, preferred artificial insemination, and now they're the proud parents of a healthy boy."
The letter ended by asking how Sherlock was doing, and expressing the fervent hope that he was now able to do everything he'd wished for so long.
A hand appeared in the darkness and grasped his shoulder. Startled, Sherlock whirled around and flung open his eyes. He was lying in the hospital bed once more. The sounds of his violin were replaced by the beeping of the machines. It smelled of cotton and disinfectant. Black tea and rain. Woozy with sleep, he glanced over his shoulder and found his brother's face.
with your omega... well... You know I'm not good with words... What I want to say is, you're someone who can show Henry how to become an exceptional man and alpha."
John tasted the mint of her toothpaste and the sharp tang of her mouthwash. Nothing else. Just stale emptiness.
It's already afternoon by the time John forces himself to get up and leave his room again. For several hours, he had lain in his bed and thought about how to face Sherlock. The whole situation is terribly confusing. Sherlock has made it abundantly clear that he has a sexual interest in John, but at the same time he seems to be willing to allow advances only over a certain distance.
Sherlock stood up again, making a grand show of brushing nonexistent dust from his trousers, and started to engage the woman in a conversation about this and that.
"I don't want to wait any longer," Sherlock whispered and reached down between them, grasped John's cock, and pumped it with his fist several times. He rubbed the head, smearing the mélange of pre-come, semen, and lube as he massaged the sensitive glans and frenulum. John's breaths came faster, becoming stuttered and unsteady. Sherlock flung aside the bedcover and scooted down the bed until he was kneeling between John's legs with his arse pointed upward. He exhaled across John's cock without slowing the up-and-down motion of his hand, nudged John's taut, draw-up sac with his tongue and slowly drew one ball into his mouth. He tugged on it gently before letting it go with a soft plop.
, Sherlock grumbled to himself, curling his lip defiantly. It was completely ridiculous that John didn't realise how much he was fooling himself. He'd been back in London for four weeks now – four weeks that seemed to drag on forever, since he'd bunkered down with Sherlock – without so much as finding a job or making himself useful in any way. Given the circumstances, was it so objectionable to point out his ineptitude?
John let out an irritated sigh and loosened his hold slightly. "Why don't you just … let it happen. I don't mind. And I'm not getting any ideas, don't worry. Try to sleep now. It's probably going to take a good while before we can separate."
John quickly followed him into the darkened chamber, inhaling sharply in surprise when Sherlock let his dressing gown and pyjama trousers glide carelessly to the floor. He turned around to face John, naked, crossing his arms in front of his chest. Whether in a defensive gesture or to partially conceal his nudity was unclear. However, the uncertain expression on Sherlock's face, his nibbling at his lower lip, and his flickering gaze spoke for themselves.
It took a few minutes before they'd cleaned up the aftermath of their lovemaking and settled down together snuggled up under the blanket.
Sherlock couldn't have wanted all of that to happen. It was unthinkable that he'd wanted John to see him and Moriarty fall into the Thames. It was much more likely that he'd hoped for assistance. Assistance that John hadn't been able to give him after all. Because he'd been saving Victor's life. Because he'd tripped on his way to the bridge and lost several valuable seconds.
"We've already made our statements. How did the interview go?" Sherlock asked, taking a seat on one of the two chairs standing in front of Lestrade's desk.
You probably know already where all this is going, so if the idea of John and Victor "doing things" gives you the creeps, just read till the ****** and stop there. Can't guarantee that you won't miss anything though :p
John's heart clenched painfully when he saw Sherlock press his lips together and struggle with all his might to hold back the tears that formed in his eyes. He could only vaguely imagine how difficult it must have been for Sherlock to make those dreadful decisions. There was no telling what might have happened if there had been a bullet in the chamber of the revolver...
another second of hesitation threatening to foil Sherlock's plan. He bit the inside of his cheek, desperately hoping that his words would take root and convince the alpha. But the young doctor didn't seem to be quite as empty-headed as he appeared.
What had he done in the end other than leave a couple of pamphlets for treatment facilities on the kitchen table and offer his parents some meaningless platitudes? He could have at least pulled a few strings and set an appointment for his father with an orthopaedist who knew their stuff. That might not solve his parents' unemployment problem, but at least it would be a step in the right direction.
As soon as he'd received the confirmation, John lunged forward and threw himself through the doorway, his heart racing like mad.
, if that makes sense. Sherlock's more like a kid brother to me, and I'm glad he's got his alpha with him. He went through so much when the two of you were apart. Even if he'd never admit how much he suffered. I hope you'll give him the stability and security he needs. God knows he can use it."
"Private lessons and tutors. I had barely any contact with other children. My uncle and Mycroft ensured that I had an excellent education, of course. Literature, early music lessons, art, ballet. As one would expect for an omega from a distinguished family."
"My mother… she died not long after my father when he succumbed to a long struggle with lung cancer. That was shortly before my fifth birthday. I think their bond was particularly strong. She simply couldn't live without him." Sherlock's voice grew softer towards the end. He nuzzled into the crook of John's neck and inhaled the scent of his alpha, which always managed to soothe him.
Donovan sighed again. "We're still trying to get the situation under control. Hopkins has been tranqued now, but his rampage set off some sort of chain reaction. Two more of our alphas went off even with active scent blockers."
Abigail shrugged. "Seemed obvious, you know? I mean, I knew you had a thing for Sherlock and it was pretty clear the thing with Tom wasn't going to end well. By the way, he's moving out: that's what I wanted to tell you yesterday. By the end of the month, at the latest. So if you're still looking for a place..."
Sherlock leaned over to examine the texture of the skin and the structure veins that ran beneath it, with a combination of curiosity and lust. The glans was still largely concealed by the foreskin, but the tip that peeped out was already damp from the pre-ejaculate seeping out. Sherlock licked his lips, pressed the tip of his tongue firmly against his hard palate, and inhaled deeply. A frisson of pleasure rippled down his spine and a tingle of arousal set his nerves alight when the scent of
Resigning himself to his fate, John likewise drained his glass and got up to follow Bill through the dense crowd.
Sherlock's deep voice is muffled only by the door and the sound darts directly between John’s legs. Goosebumps run over his arms and his back when he increases the intensity of the programme yet again and listens to Sherlock’s almost desperate whimper. For a split second, he fears it might be too much and debates whether he should interrupt the game, but finally discards the thought as Sherlock's voice cuts through to him again. (Is he always this vocal during sex? God...)
The front door shut with a bang, and barely a fraction of a second later, Sherlock leapt to his feet and rushed to the window to make sure that John and Victor had left the house. But instead of the two men, Sherlock saw his father standing facing the street, his hands grasping his forehead. He looked worn out and upset, in his own quiet way. The tension in his shoulders was obvious.
Mycroft withdrew his leather notebook from the inside pocket of his suit jacket and flipped to a page near the back. "Wilhelmina Murray."
Yesterday he'd been filled with self-reproach over Harry drinking too much after arguing with Sherlock and him; this morning, any such thoughts had vanished.
The room was filled with low sighs, grunts, and the sound of flies being opened. The smell of desire hung heavy in the space, yet no one made any move to be the first to approach the other. Both groups seemed to be waiting for some kind of green flag.
Two other guests were standing in front of the cooker, scooping chilli onto their plates as they excitedly discussed some novel or other that Victor didn't know. He greeted them in passing, opened the refrigerator, and took out a bottle of beer, which he then handed off to Sherlock. He watched silently as Sherlock took a sip.
And what about people who were simply … different? People like Mycroft? Even after all these years, Sherlock still had never broached the topic with his brother, and didn't feel any need to do so now. If Mycroft wanted to share his secret with Sherlock, he was going to have to do so on his own initiative. And if not... then Sherlock wasn't about to concern himself with it. In his mind, alphas who were sexually attracted to other alphas were nothing but a myth.
"How did you feel? How did you deal with the broken bond? I imagine it must have been simply horrible."
"Other things," Victor repeated and grinned when he saw the blood rise to Sherlock's cheeks and Sherlock's eyes fix somewhere straight ahead. He'd have to come back to that comment another time...
"Don't... don't stop..." John stammered, digging his fingers into the material underneath him. His body was clenching up automatically to defend itself from the invasion. It was more an unpleasant twinge than painful. Still, it made him break out in a sweat. Frantic breaths burned in his lungs.
"Yeah, we were probably just too young when we bonded. We'd known each other all our lives: typical girl-and-boy next door thing. We were kissing and making out before Rebekka had even had her first heat. Us spending it together and then bonding..." Greg shrugged again. "It just seemed logical, and our families expected it. But it never quite felt right. Not for either of us. Our bond was unusually weak."
"Oh! You cook? That's wonderful! Bill never cooks for me." Addressing Sherlock, she added, "It's a shame you don't enjoy cooking. It's a wonderful way to care for your loved ones. Did no one ever teach you?"
"Hm," Cilia said thoughtfully, refraining from making any further comment on John's statement for the time being.
" – fall in love with?" Sherlock asked, extricating his fingers from John's and twisting his lips into a mocking smirk.
Sherlock didn't need to be told twice. He went out and followed his nose into the kitchen. There, he found Lorraine Watson flipping an oversized pancake in a cast-iron frying pan. It landed on its still semi-liquid side with a plop, and promptly began to sizzle. The aroma of hot butter, fried dough, and vanilla beckoned Sherlock closer to the stove.
Other omegas might find it romantic that he was so intimately linked to his alpha, but they had no idea! It was anything but romantic to have to experience all of these one-sided emotions all alone – even if John had apparently received some kind of echo when Sherlock had wanted to stop him from impregnating the other omega.
Over the next several days, Sherlock took advantage of a variety of opportunities to surprise John with little sexual escapades. Whether waking him in the morning with a blowjob, getting into the shower with him, tearing his clothes off as soon as he got home from the clinic, or sending him naughty texts throughout the day – he never ran out of ideas.
"St James's Church! Send an ambulance!" Sherlock interrupted his brother, rang off, and stuffed the phone into his trouser pocket. Tossing one last glance to check the heart monitor in his hand, Sherlock set off at a run.
"I brought Samosa for you," John says, arranging the various dishes on several plates. "Can you help me?" He hears Sherlock yawn, stretch out his long limbs and reluctantly enter the kitchen. Instead of doing what John asked of him, he walks through the room and goes to the bathroom. John already wants to sigh in resignation and resumes doing all the work on his own when a towel lands on his head.
if you find it or if you change the plan.” he insisted, ignoring the eye roll he received as an answer. “I am not kidding Sherlock.” Sherlock gave him an unconvinced look, but John wasn’t letting go. “Say it.”
“Let’s just say this is me trying not to be bored.” Holmes replied with his American accent and winked.
“Because there’s a downside. There’s always a downside to an artefact. The gravity of it varies. Like the spinning top here, if you don’t amputate the limb, it keeps growing until it bursts.”
“You have helped plenty in the past two days. Take a few days off. This isn’t over, but you have to be patient.” Mycroft told the new agent. “I’ll leave you now. Good evening.” He concluded as he stood. “Agent Watson, Agent Holmes” He nodded, walking towards the elevator.
At the mention of the woman’s name, Watson did his best to keep calm. Mrs Hudson signalled towards the stairs and led the way up. Holmes followed her, Watson behind them.
“Oh, I uh,” The question made Watson shake himself, finding it ridiculous how he couldn’t stop staring at Holmes. “I saw Small talk to him and when they noticed me-”
It was considerate of John to remind Sherlock the evening was about him, and what he wanted. But Sherlock still wanted to see when John would stop being nice and let the Dom in him take over.
Sherlock glanced at the clock. “So it is, but I fail to see why that would make you point your Tesla at me first thing in the morning.”
It was such a thrill to see John struggle, that the mere sight of Sherlock was too much to handle. He wanted to keep going, wanted to make John come undone with just his mouth. His cock was right there, bright red with a bead of pre-cum on the tip just begging to be licked.
They scrambled awkwardly into his small hotel room. Stamford shook Holmes’s hand vigorously, still filled with happy energy from Holmes audition. Lestrade patted him on the back. Ms Hooper gave him a warm smile.
Watson had had enough experience with reckless soldiers who didn’t care about getting their wounds treated, eager to head back out in the field. A detective-come-actor didn’t worry him.
“Here, write down your contact information and the address of his office.” Sherlock ushered her out of the office as soon as she was done. “Now let us work.”
“I want to call the police department to keep an eye on FHC. We need to know when and where those trucks are moving.”
“Keeping up this act is so tedious sometimes. Morgan was impossible today. At least now I know why.”
Sherlock’s left hand appeared and tapped John’s thigh lightly. Without any other acknowledgement on her part, John released Sherlock’s head. Sherlock leaned against John’s left thigh as she caught her breath, John giving her a lazy scalp massage as she basked in her rush of post-orgasm hormones.
“Stop talking! Keep your strength to-” He was about to say to stay alive, but he just couldn’t say the words, couldn’t bear to hear them because he would not accept any other outcome than keeping this man alive if it’s the last thing he did. “Just... trust me. You’re going to be ok.”
John waited for more and sighed heavily when all he got was a knowing look from Sherlock. “Don’t do that.”
The crowd broke into applause before the band could finished the last notes. Ms Adler straightened to applaud, nudging Watson to do the same, as Holmes bowed and waved.
Thankfully, John had a good explanation for this one. “It’s the end of Casablanca. They stole that from Bishop you know?”
John checked his pulse, eyes moving from his watch to his partner’s face as he counted in his head. He was not good. He couldn’t know how many internal organs had been damaged, but in any case, if he wasn’t taken into emergency surgery right now, the blood loss would probably kill him first.
Stamford looked like he had been waiting for that question. “Meet him, then see if you still need to ask me that question.”
What? Of course Holmes would have solved it without us. I mean, it was our pleasure to work with you. Please come back soon.
“Even with my hands tied, I’m going to break into that room, take what I came here for and get out of the building alive.” Watson chose to ignore his claim and the fact that he was finding this man more entertaining than he should. He barely finished tying his hands in front of him when the guards started shooting again, and they were closer.
There was a bit of commotion as they both landed onto the hardwood floor. One step further and Watson would have hit his head on his night stand.
A multitude of items from Sherlock’s research popped into his head. It was probably best to ask John for clarification rather than expect paperwork.
Watson shook his head as he stirred the sauce. “You still need to have enough energy to sing and dance tomorrow.”
Stamford wiped his face with his handkerchief. “Isn’t it a bit of an elaborate scheme to acquire another money laundering business?”
“It will be worth the wait, I swear. Instead, I’ve chosen this song because,” Holmes paused to give Watson a sidelong glance. “It’s one of those songs you wonder if it was written for you. It’s from one of my favourite movies: Born to Dance.”
John froze mid movement, his mind struggling to understand his partner’s logic. “Then explain to me the difference between caring for my life, and having to think about whether or not you care about my death.” He asked, leaning against the backrest, ready to hear whatever might come out of that brilliant twisted mind.
John’s grip loosened, letting Sherlock suck more into his mouth and start a slow back and forth. John’s fingers felt along Sherlock’s lips, where his cock disappeared.
He heard Sherlock’s hesitation as he stopped tapping the keyboard briefly. “Unless I get some type of result it’s not worth explaining.”
While he paid, Sherlock couldn’t manage to shake off… whatever state of mind had been triggered by that spanking. He needed to get back to Baker Street as soon as possible.
Holmes was the first thing his eyes found when he walked in. Holmes still looked completely unaffected by the fact he had barely slept, if at all. He was discussing something with Morgan and Ms Adler. Watson tore his eyes away and made his way to catering.
. Somehow this time it felt worst. Why should it happen just as they were starting to figure it out, just as it was starting to work between them? They never got a chance to...  Not caring what the consequences were, John shut his eyes and let himself open up to his weapon.
Holmes paused and looked at her with a small frown. She leaned in to whisper in his ear. Watson couldn’t hear what she said, but he saw Holmes give her a little nod before pulling back. They looked at each other with a complicit smile before Holmes took her hand and gave it a kiss. He let go and turned to Watson, appearing to wait expectantly. Watson stared back, trying to understand what had just happened between Holmes and Ms Adler.
There’s a knock at the door. Amy, Gina and Holt all look up/turn to see who’s there. Holt waves Terry in.
Holmes looked lost in thought, thinking over what Ms Hawkins was trying to make him understand, until he frowned and looked down at the script. “In that case, there are a few things in here that don’t make sense.”
“Distract us long enough for Mrs. Carson to leave undetected, which in a sense is counterproductive if he doesn’t want us to end the story. He’s putting an awful lot of effort into making the narrative unfurl what he had originally planned.”
Sherlock looked up slowly, his eyes taking in John’s tired but determined stance. “Fine.” The agent conceded, turning the page and went back to his paper. Frozen mid movement, John’s face was puzzled by his partner’s absence of argument.
Sherlock brushed his fingers against it. John’s teeth hadn’t pierced the skin, but the inflammation was textured. He gave it a press and was pleased with the tingling sensation.
“Good,” Stamford said with forced cheer, “Use it with Morgan. He loves talking about his work, and we need him to like you enough to accept working with you. Tomorrow we’ll get started on rehearsing the songs and choreography. Do you know how to read music?”
But if it was true, John could tell it would bother Sherlock and was unimpressed by his high air. “So that’s it. You’re just going to avoid it altogether?”
Holmes swallowed the pills without water while Watson put on gloves. He then moved to stand behind Holmes so he wouldn’t block the light coming from the fixtures around the mirror. He tilted Holmes’s head back a little, and gently brushed his hair off the stitches.
“I’m nine years old, Sherlock. They found eachother and now their in love. It’s just so romantic, don’t you think?” She beams up at him. He looks down at her rolling his eyes.
They exit the flat, on to the pavement and down the street. Rosie skips ahead a few steps, leaving Sherlock and John to fall into step next to one another.
John nods. “Sherlock’s been a part of our family since you were born and we just wanted you to know that this won’t change anything.” John tells her.
Sherlock nods, closing his mouth. They approach a door, labeled “Captain” and one sailor knocks. The door opens and the captain stands on the other side. He eyes Sherlock. “Aye? What’s this about then?”
Rosie stands smiling smugly at them. “I think you’re going to have to hold his hand, Daddy. So he doesn’t fall.”
“But you don’t.” John cuts in. “Sometimes you don’t sleep or eat for days. When was the last time you slept?”
The last was a dark green Fraser fir that was potted and not cut. It was about as tall as John and had fuller top branches than the others. It's sign read "Needle Retention: Excellent".
“I don’t know. Not without alternative tracking data, which is why I’m here. Without good data, we can only wait and hope for the best.”
Sherlock is lifted off the deck and to his feet. The man holding him starts to drag him towards the railing. “How’s about another dip in the Atlantic, Dirty Jerry?” The man shakes him. “Oi! What you got to say for yourself. Jerry, before we throw you back in?”
The man holding him reaches into his pocket, pulling out his wallet and pulling out one of the ridiculous business cards that John had made up. “Sherlock Holmes, Private Detective. Sorry, never heard of you.”
“Oh I bought it for myself. I thought maybe we all needed one for the tree. The attendant insisted on wrapping it.” Sherlock shrugs, holding up a copper violin.
“Of course, my love. It makes it more romantic.” Angelo gives her a wink and heads to the back of the restaurant. Rosie giggles.
Mrs. Hudson chokes a bit on her tea and discretely wipes the corner of her mouth. “What ever gave you that idea?”
“I suggest you get your Nazi paws off me before you get one in the kisser.” John tries to pull out of his grip.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock calls after her. He manages to get the tree and all of his purchases up the seventeen steps to the flat.
“You’re the one instilling tradition. You have to teach her the words.” John says picking Rosie up to sit on the chair with her on his lap.
“Since Tuesday night you two have smiled at each other approximately 27 times. And those are just the times I counted. Mostly Daddy, you smile at Sherlock, but Sherlock smiles at you when you aren’t looking.”
“Peace? It’s September 3rd, 1939, man. Hitler has entered Poland. We’ve been boarded by goose-stepping hooligans, so don’t speak to me of peace, lad. Tell Mother England.” The captain says angrily.
Sherlock slows his chewing and looks up at John. “I’ve had three of Mrs. Hudson’s biscuits and some cold tea today.”
John glances down at his phone and there’s no reply from Mycroft. He stalks over the open door to the flat. “Mrs. Hudson!” He bellows.
“Do you have a case for us, Watson?” Sherlock asks, his eyes narrowing. John snorts, but Sherlock shoots him a glance and he quiets, looking at Rosie.
Sherlock recovers quickly, standing taller as his deductions start to come together. “This is the Queen Anne.”
Sherlock blinked at him in surprise. "You do realise that Harry doesn't have two farthings to rub together, don't you?"
At breathtaking speed Sherlock continues to unravel the case until Lestrade has all the necessary facts in order to arrest the woman.
The final checkup only took a few minutes, and involved a light being shone in John's eyes and the gauze bandaging around his head being replaced with a large plaster. The stitches would be taken out in a few days. He'd probably end up with a scar as a souvenir of the evening.
"Naturally we made arrangements, but didn't think it prudent to trumpet the news about, as one might say. Don't worry, I wouldn't have saddled you with the burden of adopting my son, Sherlock."
"Creole?" Sherlock asked with a sweet smile that drew Jean-Baptiste's attention away from John, where it had no doubt instinctively been directed.
What if John saw this other, intact family and realised what was missing in his life? If he noticed all the things Sherlock couldn't offer him, and would never be able to?
He was therefore that much more surprised when he saw Abigail enter the club – with Sherlock trailing behind. Someone at the coat check must have told them that Victor was behind the bar that night, because they made a beeline straight for him. Abigail was all smiles when she reached Victor, and flung her arms enthusiastically around his neck.
Sherlock slid down the wall next to the window until he was on the floor, drawing his legs in close to his body. Between his thighs, under his pyjama trousers, his erection surged up against the fabric, creating a dark spot. Sherlock's fingers and toes clenched, digging into his hair and the carpet, seeking something to anchor him. It had been the first time in five years that they'd touched. Now, of all times, right before Sherlock's heat – and in such a rough, impetuous manner.
One glance at his bank account improved his good mood even further, even if he couldn't quite believe the number blinking back at him at first. However, a quick calculation confirmed the balance. He wasn't rich by any means, but his thrifty nature, well paid foreign missions, and lack of opportunities to spend money had helped him build up a nice nest egg. He set aside for the moment the thought that he might not even have had to ask Sherlock to take him in following his discharge, in order not to torpedo his high unnecessarily.
"He... uh... has a fever. He’ll be fine," John replies as calmly as possible with a weak smile. The heart in his chest is throbbing so hard that he fears it will give up entirely before he’s seen the end of this tormentingly long ride. John bends the arm between their bodies, grabs Sherlock's curls and gently pulls the pliant head, pressing Sherlock’s face into the hollow between John’s neck and shoulder. He feels Sherlock's hot breath on his larynx, and notices the heat that Sherlock’s body is emitting where their thighs are touching. He even thinks he can feel a little of the vibration through the seat and finds the idea terribly erotic. His fingertips gently caress Sherlock's hairline, feeling the structure of the sweaty curls.
The sound of the door to the bedroom banging loudly against the wall made them leap apart, startled. John turned instinctively, keeping Sherlock behind him so he could act as a protective barrier between the intruder and his omega.
"Your... reaction was... unclear. That's why I called you a few days later at night. You couldn’t sleep. And I wanted to test you. Wanted to see if you would hang up immediately if you heard me... but you didn't... "
Sherlock shook his head slowly, his lips pressed together until little more than a white line remained. He blinked rapidly against the moisture that blurred his vision.
"You would have sacrificed your life, your identity, for the greater good. Not just for me and your friends in London, but for everyone who was threatened by Moriarty's people..." John realised with a combination of profound unease and incredulous admiration.
Sherlock's hand on his neck holds him close to his pliant body, nails clawing into his skin. The muscles in his arms protest under the weight he's supporting but John doesn't care. He’s too fascinated by the spectacle that is Sherlock. Over and over again, his mouth is in contact with Sherlock's skin, enjoying the salt and Sherlock's very own taste.
Long after midnight, John fell asleep while reading in his chair. The book slips from his hand and startles him when it hits the ground. Somewhere at the edge of his perception, John drowsily notices how Sherlock picks it up, finds the page John was at and marks it. After he’s spread a blanket over John, he sits back in front of the laptop or types messages to Inspector Lestrade on his phone.
The waiter returned with a tray full of beers and shots and distributed the glasses to the group. Everyone grabbed a drink and held them up in John's direction.
Sherlock was kneeling on the bed with his back to the door and his legs spread. His left hand was holding one arse cheek aside as far as it would go, while three – no, four – of the fingers on his other hand were buried inside his hole, jerking back and forth with disjointed movements.
"I miss him," John said then, so softly that it was hard to hear. Maybe the words weren't even directed at Victor. Maybe they were only intended to give voice to the obvious. Maybe John himself hadn't even realised he'd spoken them out loud.
"Simple, John. You're working here as a junior physician. That much is clear from the ID card clipped to your jeans. It's a profession that can be carried out by an unbonded alpha as long as it's not in an omega clinic. But it's not what you want. As I said, your entire appearance signals military, yet you're not there. I therefore deduce that your upbringing is the cause, and that your family has served Queen and country for at least three generations. You don't just want to join the army; it's been expected of you since you were a child. But that's not possible for an unbonded alpha."
"I won't say anything more. It's simply so nice to have you here – both of you – and see how happy you are. You deserved it, son. I've never seen you beaming like this. He's good for you."
"Okay... then off with you to your lecture..." Victor pressed his lips to Sherlock's once more, then got out, closed the door, and watched the car as it drove away toward the university.
John only had a vague recollection of Moriarty holding the phone out toward him, and how Anthea of all people had appeared and threatened to shoot Greg first, then Mrs Hudson, and finally Victor.
A short distance away stood James Moriarty, one hand casually resting on the open door of an automobile, the other propped on his hip; his thin lips were stretched in a triumphant smile.
"So they sent Sherrinford? Why should he carry out a mission that would most likely have cost him his life, after having sat in prison for seven years?"
When John returned from lunch, the receptionist told him that the head of department wanted to see him straight away. The ensuing conversation was short and sweet. John was placed on temporary leave, as he was obviously overworked and no longer in control of himself. In other words, he was volatile and a danger to himself and others. Not that those exact words were used between colleagues. His boss advised him urgently to see a therapist; and John wasn't to be allowed to treat any more patients until he'd received said therapist's okay.
Both men moaned in unison when Sherlock let himself sink down much too fast, swallowing up John's cock inside. Warm fluid spurted onto John's stomach before he'd even bottomed out.
"Obviously," Mycroft retorted. "However, she seems to have snuck a hack into the system that unlocked both the cell and all of the doors leading out of the prison at a pre-specified time. She didn't need to be present at the moment when the escape occurred."
"Don't stare like that, or you'll have him on your tail in a second," Victor said above the music, yet no louder than a whisper. He patted John's backside in the same breath, as if to underscore his words. He moved away from John right away, though, winking at him and going over to the bar.
Moriarty executed a point turn on his heel so that the glass coffin was visible over his shoulder. John had sunk back against the satin lining; his face was red and damp with sweat. His fiery gaze fixed on the phone in Moriarty's hand, he was breathing through his mouth, his chest rising and falling with the effort.
"Sh..." John didn't get any further. As if of its own accord, his body catapulted itself into the other man's arms, grasping his neck with an iron grip and pulling him close. "Oh, God..."
He pushed the cutting board and knife to one side of the counter and laughed merrily when Sherlock whinged.
Nigel didn't particularly like John. John had realised that during their first session. Shari had probably told him about John's past at
It wasn't until they were sitting in a taxi on the way back to Baker Street that Sherlock dared to let his shoulders droop and exhaled wearily. He rested one elbow on the side door frame and rubbed his eyes with his thumb and index finger.
"All right, fine," he growled. "Thanks for the information." Without waiting to see if Mike had anything to add, Sherlock ended the call and hurled his phone onto his armchair. The device bounced off the backrest, leapt off the seat cushion, and skidded across the carpet to the other side of the room.
Sherlock inhaled sharply, his mouth opening wide as if to moan, but the broken sound that slipped past his lips was barely audible. His face was red hot and the muscles in his pelvis and thighs were on fire, on the verge of either jerking away from that audacious tongue or surging toward it.
"I knew something was wrong. You've never been sex-averse – at least not once we'd—" John sighed and reoriented himself. "But this past week? It was excessive. You were after me every day, sometimes two or three times. I thought at first you wanted to make up for the time we'd lost at my parents'. Then that you were maybe hoping to trigger a heat. Sort of reminding your body that we both want it. I should have realised you were trying to tell me something instead."
Fortunately, there was no potential for conflict lurking in the floral perfume, even if John couldn't quite place its source. "Nice that you got out," he hastened to add. He didn't want to give the impression that he disapproved of Sherlock's visit to Bart's.
John would have liked to talk to Sherlock again about the self-help book he'd found. But there hadn't been an opportunity yet to discuss "How to Fall in Love." John was entertained by the fact that it was already in its 32nd printing. He and Sherlock apparently weren't the only ones with the same problem. A comforting thought, even if it didn't really help them.
"Oh, that's the first one. Those never turn out. Just wait a moment, all right? The next one's for you. You can pour some coffee for yourself and John already if you'd like. Milk's in the fridge."
"There can be lots of reasons for the absence of a heat. For one, hormonal fluctuations. Your body didn't experience a heat for over five years, in spite of being bonded, and might have been overwhelmed by the sudden change. Stress can be another relevant factor. Has anything happened over the last three months that might have upset you?"
"At... erm... the gym's not around any more," John said evasively. But Shari wouldn't let go. She kept at him until John gave the name. It was all but physically palpable how the atmosphere in the room shifted. Of course John might have insisted that he had nothing to do with the crooked dealings at
“I’m not sure if it’s such a good idea I work with artifacts, given what happened.” John argued, looking down at himself covered in goo.
“Sherlock!” He shouted as he rounded the last corner, practically sliding across the floor as he laid eyes on the unconscious body lying in a large pool of blood. John could feel his heart in his throat, cursing his timing. He kneeled next to his partner and looked for a pulse, happy to find one. A faint one, but a pulse none the less.
Pursuing his quest to free John’s cock, Sherlock bit the zipper flap and tugged, hoping it would pop out of the opening. Apparently, it was too long and hard, pushing against the waistline. Sherlock tried pulling upwards, so the zipper would slip over John’s cock, but his hold was too low.  He dropped the zipper flap and dug his way under John’s t-shirt to get access to the waistband. Getting a good hold without biting John was surprisingly difficult, but the struggle seemed to be enjoyable to John, even if it meant he was covered with spit.
Everyone actively ignored Watson as he quickly stood and stormed out of the conference room. The murmur of voices drowned out the sound of his cane echoing in the corridor as the door closed behind him.
He eyed Holmes’ mouth, “I believe you and I,” and back up to his eyes, “are going to get along...” He leaned closer to his ear. “Quite. Well.” Morgan backed away and winked at Holmes before turning around abruptly. “Watson!”
He took off his jacket and started unbuttoning his shirt as he paced the room.  He was going over what Ms Adler had just said when there was a knock on the door.
“Annie, my niece, it’s a gift for her. She always wanted to learn the violin. Oh, my god, is she going to be ok?” She explained, her hands covering her cheeks, eyes filled with worry.
Watson told Lestrade the story of their evening during the drive, making Lestrade laugh in all the right places.
She took one step forward, unsure, but she already knew she wouldn’t turn away. She had walked through the door; how could she turn away now? Just the idea of seeing John come undone, with how reactive she had been since Molly had been privy to the sight, the memory of her and the sounds she would make as she orgasmed under Sherlock’s touch, under
“I believe you just dropped your cane to run after and interrogate a drug addict in need of a fix,” Homes replied.
“No trouble, no trouble at all.” Stamford patted him on the shoulder. “I hope everything is all right?”
“She should be working on tailoring my costumes rather than attempting to jump start an acting career that will go as far as she can-”
“Oh no, he was high as a kite when we found him. Took a few hours before he was sober enough to talk and explain his story.”
“Everything, sir. The stories, the acting, the sets, the songs.” Archie looked worried and added in a whisper, “He even said a few things about the actors no one should know.”
Amy looks up. Sherlock and John are across the street. A cab stops next to them. Amy grabs Jake’s sleeve.
John and Sherlock are still hidden behind the crate. In the background we see Chester limping towards a door, leaving a blood trail behind him.
“This again. You gave me a file, what do you think I’m going to do while I’m reading it?” He told the unmoving figure. He couldn’t help it, with what Mrs. Hudson had told him and the evidence in that file, this artifact had the possibility to render Sherlock completely volatile. He was curious why Sherlock chose to show him the file instead of explaining it to him. He understood how telling the story could be difficult, but the file was, well, almost personal. “So we can’t touch it, push it off a shelf or send it instructions... Have you used artifacts on it?”
Obviously, they were even better than she had imagined; lively, soft, perfect. They were a part of John after all. She cupped one, feeling the weight and caressing the sensitive skin gently. She watched John as she experimented with movement and pressure, thumbing the nipple occasionally. It didn’t take long until John’s hand reappeared at the back of her head, directing her mouth towards her nipple. Sherlock didn’t even try to hold back her moan as she opened her mouth wider, filling it with John’s breast as much as she could. She used her free hand to help her as her mind tried to remember the last paper she had read on human fusion. She licked and sucked and moaned, turned on by the simple fact that it was John’s breast in her mouth. She finally moved onto the other one, giving it the same thorough treatment. John’s squirmed, whimpered and begged for more the entire time, but Sherlock refused to move her fingers any faster or harder against her clit.
Watson and Lestrade eyed each other and tried to think of something to say to distract Stamford before he could talk himself into a panic attack.
Ms Adler was renowned for being able to speak volumes without uttering a word. And it was a joy for Watson to see her not only act the scene perfectly, but to see it more than once, to note the differences in each performance.
Ms Adler smiled. “You heard the reviews, it’s good business, we’d be fools not to try. And we all work so well together.”
He was vaguely aware of being moved, laid down. John was talking, but the words weren’t registering. Only his voice. Then his lips. Wonderfully soft lips.
“And what happened to his partner?” John asked nervously. It was obvious by now that she wasn’t going to fill in the blanks of the story without asking directly. She opened her mouth to speak but stopped, her brow furrowed with worry.
“John,” Holmes took him by the shoulders to look him in the eye. “Are you proud of what you’ve done?”
“Don’t be stupid John, I’ve already cleaned the hair brushes to get a proper sample in the next few days.”
Murray popped in third with a grumpy face, carrying a large thermos. He poured coffee into two cups and handed one to Wilder. He poured another when Ms Hawkins walked in, the sound of her heels announcing her presence before she could be seen. She dropped the paper bag filled with pastries next to the thermos and took Murray’s offered mug like a precious treasure.
Holmes took a deep breath and looked directly at Watson as he spoke. “If you plan to make this scene intimate, you’ll want to prevent unnecessary shots. Due to the geography of the set and the position of the camera, my entrance would require a shot to show my going down the steps rather than focusing on the character’s emotions. Which means I should jump over the ramp when I come in.” Holmes wondered why Watson looked amused.
Detective Inspector Lestrade can  attest for Mr Holmes’ qualifications. You will follow his lead because I ordered you to.
“I should have been in there with them. I didn’t need to take out the guard.” John added, his body falling into parade rest, remembering the last time he told his superiors what happened.
“Yes thank you, you can continue showing off when I’ve left.” Mycroft said as he turned to John, ignoring Sherlock’s smug look. “Now this, well, you should have a bit of target practice first but nevertheless, it’s yours.” Mycroft said as he handed John the oddest looking gun he had ever seen. The top was a glass cylinder with an electrical system running inside it, held in place by a copper band welded onto the copper handle. There seemed to be an ongoing steam punk theme. “It’s called a Tesla gun. It’s electrically based. It’s stuns and erases the short term memory. You can adjust the intensity with the dial on the side here, depending on your target. Sherlock has the rest of the tools you’ll with him.”
“Good morning everyone, thank you for coming. Firstly, let us honour Philip Anderson. It was a pleasure to work with him. He will always be in our hearts. This movie will be dedicated to his memory.” Stamford lowered his head, and wiped his nose with his handkerchief. “But the show must go on.” He looked up. “It was difficult, but we found someone who was up to the task. Gentlemen, may I present our new lead: Sigerson Holmes.”
Watson lowered his gaze, embarrassed by his train of thought. As he did, his gaze fell upon Holmes’s lips and found himself licking his own. Watson looked back up, he noticed a soft blush spread across Holmes’ neck and cheeks, and could have sworn his eyes had changed colour, and wanted to take a step forward to be sure. As he felt himself start moving, Watson couldn’t help but think this felt like one of those scenes right before the protagonists would kiss.
“My dear Sherlock, it would be a shame to lock this up.” Her tone was pleasant but dangerous, punctuated by the sound of her heels as she slowly walked towards the agent.
“Unless Mr Holmes has something to say about our choice of replacement?” Ms Hawkins added with a challenging look.
John paused at Sherlock’s sharp tone. This was a much more sensitive subject than he assumed. “No, I mean, what do you mean
John must have been aware of the effect he was having on Sherlock. He felt like a textbook list of arousal symptoms: elevated heartrate, sensation of heat, dilated pupils.
“Found it. Just recently was sold to what seems like a second class art gallery in Brixton.” Sherlock told him as he pointed towards the screen showing a single room with podiums displaying tacky sculptures and shelves overfilled with decorative objects. Even the owner’s desk was in the same crowded room. John took a quick look and moved to get his coat.
“No, but when there’s no record of anger issues, or abuse, no money problems, no motive to kill, yet there’s a murder, it’s worth looking into.” John took a moment to reflect on what he had just heard and more questions kept popping into his head.
“Fine.” Begrudgingly, Neeson took out his ear piece and threw it to Watson who quickly put it on and moved out to follow the man. Looking through the half open door leading into the corridor, he could see him standing in front of a checkpoint, holding his phone up towards the camera, then to the door. The LED changed to green and he passed through. Watson dashed to the checkpoint before it closed. The man was almost at the end of the corridor, his lab coat lying abandoned on the floor.
“Yes, you did. He would have caught you eventually. John, it wasn’t your fault.” Mycroft’s words were an echo of what John’s superiors had said. But he couldn’t help his guilt. “Well, we have a new lead now.” The Caretaker said as he stood up, trying to lighten the mood. “Which is more than we’ve had in months. Good work both of you.”
Lestrade smiled back, and they stared at one another a moment before he knocked at Stamford’s office.
The word lacked the depth and complexity of Sherlock’s sentiment, but Sherlock didn’t want to ruin whatever was happening by babbling.
They knocked at the address in the employee file, and soon after heard the tell-tale noises of someone making a run for it. Obviously guilty. His door wasn’t even locked. Pitiful. Hank was attempting to climb the fire escape when Sherlock barged in, ignoring Lestrade shouting that they didn’t have a warrant. A glimpse around the apartment was enough to confirm they had the right man. He ran to the fire escape after Hank.
Holmes finished opening one of the boxes they were supposed to carry to the trucks, finding stacks of paper with tiny stars printed on them.
“Because if you’re gonna start having your boyfriend around for cases, I want to talk to him alone.”
John cursed and watched with half lidded eyes as Sherlock rubbed and massaged her clit, particularly intrigued by all of the external physical spasms it induced. She could see John try to keep them under control, but by the time her every breath was coming out as little moans John had let go. So, Sherlock moved back to licking her vulva languorously and tried to push in her tongue. It caused John’s head to hit the back of the chair.
There was a cough behind Watson, jostling him out of his head and suddenly making him very aware that the entire crew was listening to them. He panicked. He needed to get out of there immediately.
The risk was worth it just to see John’s reaction. It started with a soft, “Christ,” followed by his eyes falling half-lidded. His tongue made an appearance, sliding from one corner of his mouth to the other, pausing along the way, as if lost in thought.
“Watson, where are you?” He heard Rogers ask in his ear. Watson didn’t answer; he didn’t want to be heard by the man he was following.
They continued onto the casino scene and Holmes smirked throughout the blackjack sequence. When the crowd laughed in the right places, he couldn’t help but turn to Watson to gloat.
Run his tongue along the length of it, pressing the head against his throat. Shivers ran down Sherlock’s back. He wanted John in his mouth, wanted to please him, wanted to do something right after their difficult start.
Sherlock sat back on his feet and helped John roll to his side to cough. He kept his hands on him, relieved at the feel of his living body. Slowly, his breathing calmed but still sounded wheezy.  John sat up and rubbed his chest, hissing at the tenderness of his sternum. He looked down as he registered the burnt suit beneath his fingers.
Holmes thoroughly enjoyed watching Watson freeze with the bottle in his hand, the blush spread from his cheeks to his ears.
John shook his head. It wasn’t the first time he’d heard Sherlock say such things but it was still a bit unsettling. But they are stuck in this car for an indefinite amount of time, so might as well make the most of it. “You’ve had friends, right?”
Holmes’s eyebrows rose a bit at that. It was one of the few he had managed to watch all the way to the end.
“But it’s what you meant.” Sherlock countered. He rolled his eyes at having walked himself into a corner. The agent’s face was neutral but the soldier could see the glint of mischief in his eyes.
There was a click before Holmes pulled and the lock came undone. He looked at Watson with a satisfied smile and pushed one of the large wooden doors open enough to slip in.
They weren’t in the Warehouse anymore. They were standing in an office, only it wasn’t their office.
“Where would the fun be in that?” Manning retorted with a creepy smile as he pressed the box down on the span of Sherlock’s hand that holding the Tesla.
Watson closed the invoice filing box, grabbed a star paper box and followed Holmes downstairs. They heard the front door open and close about halfway down the stairs.
Mrs. Hudson was covering her mouth with her hand, trying to hold in the laughter, but every time she looked at John’s puzzled face she doubled over again. It took her a few minutes to calm down enough to be able to speak, carefully wiping the tears from her eyes.
Holmes found he was enjoying Ms Adler’s company, which was odd, since he rarely did, with anyone. Even if the only reason he was working with her was because he was investigating her. He liked working with Lestrade but had no interest in his company for anything other than work. It was true what he had said, he really did enjoy filming with her, but he’d been so focused on the investigation that it hadn’t occurred to him it wasn’t just work related.
Watson was a mess. He had dark bags under his eyes, his tuxedo shirt covered with a lumpy jumper in the cold studio, bowtie nowhere to be found, with his hair still somewhat decent from the night before.
Watson finished cutting him free and helped him stand. Holmes didn’t stop himself from taking the time to feel the fabric of Watson’s clothes, the warmth underneath as he leaned against Watson for support and balance. Holmes hid his face in the crook of Watson’s neck, moaning angrily against the fabric of his turtleneck, wrestling it aside with his nose to taste Watson’s skin once more.
Sherlock lobbed the wallet on the desk and looked at the tied man with disdain. “You take care of him; I’ll search the office for whatever evidence is left after those idiots ruined the place.”
Watson stared at Holmes’s back. He couldn’t believe how unprofessional it was of Holmes to announce something important to Stamford so offhandedly. Watson turned to Lestrade who looked like he was silently apologising for Holmes’s behaviour.
“Oh, nice,” he replied calmly, but the truth was, Watson had been thinking about Holmes’s dancing ever since he had seen his audition. He had been hoping to see it again, and was quite excited to see it in full costume, set and lights.
There was a murmur around the table; everyone knew Ms Adler had a special veto clause in her contract about her co-stars.
“Yeah, but do you have to be such an arse about it?” He saw him lift his head. Their eyes met briefly in the glass before the cab driver told them they’d arrived.
“John!” The desperate scream filled the empty street as Sherlock crawled to him, shielding his body from Rebecca with his own. One hand searched for a pulse, the other grabbed his gun and aimed.
“I can see your medical history in the calluses on your hands, and your Army training by your haircut and the way you hold yourself. The fading tan lines on your wrists say recently discharged. Gunshot wound, left shoulder—” No need to tell John that wasn’t a deduction. “Which explains the tremor in your hand and why you didn’t try to look for a job in healthcare. Instead you chose to come back to an old job, which you knew could provide you with the high-adrenaline lifestyle that you have grown addicted to, especially while you were in… was it Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John took a seat, while Sherlock chose to stand behind the empty chair, leaning his hands on the backrest. “Contrary to popular belief, I am not an expert in everything.”
John’s arms were still crossed, but his shoulders were sagging from fatigue. “In Qatar, or when we got back. If you had wanted me to be your partner so bad, you could have just asked.”
When they walked out of the office, Ms Hooper smiled warmly at Lestrade, but it melted away when she saw Stamford’s frown. “Is everything all right, sir?”
“I’m not opposed to this idea,” Watson argued. “I’m just trying to stop you from throwing away what’s left of your company by casting a tone deaf left footed amateur.”
Wondering whether he was making the best decision of his life or the biggest mistake, the soldier walked in.
There was something he wanted to do with this information, he just wasn’t sure what yet. Still too much LSD to figure it out.
“Well, if James is here, that means… yes, there she is.” Ms Adler grabbed Holmes’ jacket sleeve and pulled him closer. “That’s Kim Novak. She’s coming back from the bogs--probably went there for a line or two.”
“No, just bored.” Sherlock heard the popping sound of an electrical charge before he felt the impact of John’s punch. One second he was standing, then opened his eyes and he was on the floor with John wrestling him. The tall man tried to protest through John’s strong hold on his neck, his hands grabbing at the soldier’s forearms, ears filled with the sound of crackling electricity, blue flashes growing in intensity all around them.
But Watson was more concerned with the song choice. This song meant something to Holmes. The words spun in Watson’s mind as he stared at Holmes, paying no attention to Ms Adler leaning closer to him.
Well, until he got up at two in the morning, grabbed a few papers on his desk and headed to the studio. Stamford had offered him a set of keys years ago, when Watson had started working late at the office.
He had been working in Stamford’s office when it happened. He had heard faint echoes of shouting, but that was the norm with Morgan as the director, so Watson hadn’t made much of it. Until Archie barged into the office. Watson closed his eyes once more. For the last few days his war dreams had started getting mixed up with his memories of that day.
It also took him a moment to register the soft puff of breath against his shoulder, Watson froze. His eyes went wide when he remembered. Remembered how Holmes felt, how he moaned, how he looked when Watson touched him.
“Not here. At the Warehouse.” John ended the discussion, looking at the driver in the rear view mirror.
“Hello.” The woman repeated, looking from one man to the other. Sherlock nodded at her, the creepy fake smile making her take a step back. John cleared his throat and started questioning her.
Lestrade waited to listen to the crew’s whispers before going over to knock at Holmes’s dressing room.
If the first two hits had made him tune out for a second, this one felt like his head had been submerged in water. His mind stilled, focused solely on the throb of his arse.
Ms Hooper nodded to Ms Adler and to Ms Kate. The later winked back, making Ms Hooper blush before disappearing behind the door.
“Good day Captain Watson.” Watson heard a smooth voice from his right. Ok, now this was just getting out of hand. How could he have appeared like that? He should have heard him!
As soon as they stepped in the lobby, an electrical charge hit the floor right in front of Sherlock; nearly missing his feet as John pulled him back just in time. They looked up and there was Rebecca Carson, standing proudly at the top of the elegant marble staircase. She was holding Lily hostage, a gun aimed at her head and a bag of money by her feet.
“Why would they send a doctor to do a soldier’s job?” He asked, his voice filled with exasperation, but his expression was curious, as if searching for an answer simply by staring at him. Watson was about to ask the man what he was doing here, but his brain slammed the breaks and replayed what he had just heard.
Even though John had a gun to his head and was being strangled, that wouldn’t prevent him from risking his life to stop this asshole. He was smiling because he still had his hands and feet free and Manning was in range. Using everything he had, the soldier tripped Sherlock, making him fall and loose his grip on his throat. He then quickly rose up and kicked Manning, aiming for his chest, knowing he would hit his hands on the way, freeing the riding crop. The man stumbled backwards from the force of the kick, his shoulders hitting the lockers behind him, preventing him from falling to the floor. As soon as the crop left his hands, Sherlock turned and aimed at Manning, beads of sweat forming at his temples. He could see the riding crop lying in the middle of the row. He also noticed the box had fallen out of his coat and had slid further down towards the crowded the alley.  John looked from Manning to the crop, deciding to go for it. He slid across the floor and grabbed the artifact, the purple gloves contrasting with the black leather. John looked up and was blinded by the light coming from the shot Sherlock had just taken at Manning who had started to run away.
they could exist for real?” The soldier mimicked the agent, his trained eye looking for any possible threat.
Those two are the most stubborn idiots I have ever met. It’s best to let things run their course. They will talk when they’re ready. Can we try that Mongolian place you were talking about?
“No, silly. Each one is different. Take this chess set, let me see here, it belonged to Alexander Alekhine, no idea who that was, ask Sherlock. So, all we need to do is move a piece every few days.”
Arrogant sod, thought John as he crossed his arms. “Well you’ve been sitting on it for five years, would you care to share?”
The man pursed his lips before speaking. “Not a warehouse, The Warehouse. Warehouse 13. I want to introduce you to a new world.” Watson smiled at what he was hearing. It sounded so ridiculous, he just had to hear the whole thing.
“Possible serial killer in this case, and yes, I find the method clever. Most serial killers are, or they would get caught after the first kill.”
Holmes must have noticed where he was looking because he was slowly leaning closer. Watson huffed a small laugh before flipping their position and pressing Holmes against the door one last time, kissing and wrapping his arms around him, committing as many details to memory as he could. They broke apart, and even though Watson knew he should take a step back, he took one look at Holmes’s blissful eyes and couldn’t help cupping his cheek and gently kissing him one last time.
“Good morning everyone.” Ms Hooper greeted the cast and crew huddled around the camera for the morning speech. “I trust everyone got the latest script and schedule revisions. The most important being the Finale rehearsals in the evenings this week. Today we’ll be filming pages 91 to 96.” She turned to Watson expectantly.
“Why? Why kill innocent people?” Sherlock demanded, his frustration growing from not being able to control his own body.
They put down the boxes at the bottom of the stairs and walked as quietly as they could toward the front door. Holmes had his hand on the door handle when they heard something from the office, as if something had just crashed to the floor.
It all came crashing back. Sherlock finally let himself think about how he felt about John and wished they weren’t stuck in a car together. The mere thought of their relationship evolving made Sherlock’s heart soar and sink simultaneously, making him slightly nauseous as he fought to keep a straight face. He could practically feel himself tearing in half, one part longing to take the leap, the other reminding him that feelings are a distraction and a risk to the Work. They were fine as they were, this could work long term as long as it stayed platonic. There was no point in dwelling in the thought of something more any further. Sherlock pushed it back down and ignored the hollow feeling it left behind.
Once more, Sherlock thought about how he should be ashamed to be so eager to get spanked, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Not anymore. Not with everything he had gone through to get here, Sherlock wasn’t about to get in his own way.
It had always felt odd walking onto an empty set after they had wrapped up a movie. Now, with the sets still up, equipment abandoned everywhere, a few chairs fallen sideways, scripts and paper scattered everywhere, the set felt haunted. It was just as they left it, when Anderson plunged to his death.
John grabbed his unhurt arm and helped him stand. Sherlock’s eyes were on the armor, which was crawling to its weapon, not bothering with its helmet.
“So?” Sherlock asked as they walked into the office, snapping the riding crop onto the desk. John sighed heavily and walked over to his sitting chair.
“I...” John started to say, when his brain made him realise they were in the same set up as his dream; Sherlock in the chair and John standing a few feet away. His eyes unconsciously flicked from Sherlock’s knees to his eyes before widening with panic. He turned away, cleared his throat and put down his cup. “Let’s go.” He said before heading for his jacket.
There was a pause, to remember the moment but mostly out of fear that the next step would somehow ruin everything. But the pull between them was too strong to resist. They were in each other’s arms in an instant, lips coming together in a bruising kiss. Watson didn’t care if it made him whimper, didn’t care if they were in Stamford’s office, he manoeuvred Holmes against the door and kissed him like their lives depended on it.
“Well, Beethoven was pictured frowning intensely in almost every image of him as an adult because his deafness caused him a great deal of pain.” Sherlock tried to say in the most delicate way he could think of, so it rather came out like something unimportant. He saw worried eyes looking back at him.
“Yes, chapter 12 in the manual.” Sherlock started when he remembered. “Oh right. The Caretaker is the agent who has a form of symbiotic connection to the current incarnation of the Warehouse. The link the Caretaker has with the Warehouse permits them to search actively through inventory, sense when the Warehouse is in trouble, and above all be a living body for the Warehouse’s soul to share.”
“Mr Stamford, whoever is after your company,” Holmes’s tone was softer, reassuring. “I’m here to stop them and hopefully save your company in the process.”
Sherlock smirked as he looked up from his phone, a loose curl falling across his forehead. “Voice command, John.”
“And they plan to do the same with Stamford Productions,” Holmes added. “By making movies, that is, not by building sets.”
Ms Adler also noticed and slid her arm around Holmes, whispering something in his ear. Holmes seemed to shake himself and when Watson saw the bright smile on his face he felt his heart ache.
Molly could feel every hair on her body rise as their eyes met once more. Somehow, she knew what John wanted, needed.
Even if he leaned towards the former, the answer didn’t matter. The work was too important to get distracted by such trivial things as carnal pleasure.
John Wished he could give him strength, wished the wound would just close up on its own, wished for blood transfusions, wished the pain would disappear, wished to hear his partner wake up with a witty comment.
Thank you to the great M.T. for taking my crappy fluffy song and turning it into a something that could believably have been written in that era. (or you know, passable enough to make this video)
Watson caught sight of Stamford’s pleading eyes and looked away. With a resigned face, he folded the paper, slipped it in his trouser pocket and grabbed his cane.
Dimmock started the opening chords of the song. Instantly, their demeanour shifted; Ms Adler’s challenging stare slipping into a naïve infatuation. Holmes’s calculating eyes going wide and hopeful as he started singing.
Sherlock’s eyes opened wide in surprise, but before he could process what was happening, John swallowed him down.
“Who’s in there? This door shouldn’t be locked. Jane? Where are the keys?” They heard the voice move away. Sherlock headed straight for the emergency exit.
Holmes took off his coat. “Technically it’s still ongoing, but for all intents and purposes, I guess it can be considered solved.” He hung his coat and turned back to Watson who was already heading toward the kitchen.
“Well, with my brother as Caretaker, let’s just say I’ve been training to be an agent for a long time.”
“Unusual artifact disturbance. Come on.” Sherlock told him quickly before he made his way down the second flight of stairs to a waiting cab.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. What was he doing? He already knew this man wasn’t a suspect. He didn’t need to do this. So why was he watching an Army doctor grab a bunch of spanking tools and following him into the next room?
John brushes a hand through his hair. The elevator dings and the door opens. Amy walks out, holding the handcuffed teenager. Behind them is Jake, who is helping Sherlock walk.
Come to think of it, John must have known Sherlock might end up in subspace. He would have been on the lookout. That would explain John’s reaction after the first hit with the wood paddle.
Sherlock sprinted to the fire hose, dropping his weapon next to it while he released the nozzle and started pulling it free. When he checked over his shoulder, he wasn’t expecting his opponent to already be up and charging at him. It wasn’t even using its weapon. The agent dropped the hose and twisted his body in the hopes of evading the hit, but in vain. The leather armor struck the side of his body, making him crash into the hose reel and crumble to the floor.
Whether it was an actor, a director, a casting agent, or a producer, they all asked about the rumours they had heard about the police lines around the studio. Stamford and Ms Hooper took care of diverting their attention to Watson replacing Morgan. The news travelled across the room quite quickly, causing the traffic at their booths to increase.
She stood in the lab, body still buzzing with arousal, wondering if she just had a very vivid dream.
Stamford slammed his fist on the table. “Stop it, both of you, immediately.” He looked at them with hard eyes. “We’re all professionals here, now
He chuckled nervously. “A couple, yeah.” He wiped his mouth and took a sip of whiskey. “Why did you take the case, that first night? You said no, then you changed your mind. Why?”
“Liz is here.” Her hand shot up to the side of her face and turned to Holmes. “Oh God, how do I look?”
“Now, since this is your first time, I’m going to let this one go. But you roll your eyes at me one more time, you will regret it.”
Until Sherlock tackled him to the paper covered floor, saving them both from the oncoming electrical ball that crashed into the shelves a few rows down.
John gripped his hair again. Sherlock expected John to thrust, only to be directed to move his head around instead, rubbing John’s cock all around his throat.
Sherlock tried to tilt the receiver so he could hear but John pushed him back with his free hand, his fingers fanned out against his chest as he held Sherlock at arm’s length. Regretting his move, he fought to stay concentrated on Doris’s story instead of the warm body under his hand.
“John, you got stabbed by a knife with a glass blade that started to transform you into glass and then lost your hearing because you made a clock frown.”
“If my calculations are correct, which I’m certain they are, the GPS should be in the middle of the experiment table in the office.” Sherlock stretched out his arm towards the entrance, a small smile on his face, but John could see his eyes shining with glee. “Shall we?”
“You wouldn’t understand even if I explained. Now would you untie me!?” Watson pressed his knee harder into the man’s back.
Without so much as a last glance at Holmes, Watson turned and walk straight for the exit, almost forgetting to use his cane. He barely registered the fact that Morgan had just been polite to him. Eyes wide, Morgan turned to Ms Hawkins, before they both turned to watch Holmes try to look anywhere but at Watson’s retreating figure.
John couldn’t help it; there was just something about Sherlock in this universe that was making him irresistible: his sleeked hair, the teasing smile tugging at his lips, the angle of his hat as he looked at John with a gleam in his eye. Without his usual coat, John could see the little swing of his hip as he spun around and ran towards the stairs. He wasn’t sure if his pulse jumped because of the thrill of the chase or the man he was hunting with.
The rehearsal went at a steady pace, mostly due to Ms Hooper preventing Watson and Holmes’s arguments from getting out of hand. The important thing was that by the end they had an almost finished finale number. It still needed tweaking and rehearsals, but as a first rehearsal as director, Watson had given the tone to the crew for how filming would resume the next day.
Holmes blinked. It had never even occurred to him to try. He slowly understood his mistake, and started laughing that such a small detail almost blew his cover.
Things had gone so well last night, why ruin it this morning? John should have known it had been too good to be true.
Lestrade had the good sense to ask June to bring the employee files with her to the precinct. The payslips confirmed that Hank had worked the entire week leading up to each murder. Once more, Lestrade agreed suspiciously quickly with Sherlock that they should head to Hank’s flat immediately.
John dropped the pictures on the table and stood. He made his way around the table and started pacing, one hand on his hip, the other rubbing his lips.
“Yes, this again.” John spat. “Ever since we went to Portugal you’ve been acting like an asshole, disappearing and leaving me to fight alone while you go bag the artifact.”
Already on the edge of sleep, Holmes’s whispers mixed with the last of Watson’s conscious thoughts, and slowly slipped into his dreams.
The crowd broke into applause when the screen went black. They reluctantly moved apart when the house lights came on. Holmes barely had time to compose himself before Stamford was pulling him up to hug him.
John could see her pupils dilating, her lips parting lightly as a breath escaped her. The soldier, as lustful as he was at the moment, figured she was taken over by the sensation of power the crop gives over the victim. But something told him she was imagining its use in a different setting. John felt himself react to not only the vision of this woman showing signs of arousal, but to what his own imagination was providing.
John’s grip tightened as she pressed her naked breast against Sherlock’s clothed back and growled into her ear. “I meant
Their conversation was cut short by the studio door slamming open. “I’m here!” Ms Louise announced and ran to them. “I’m here, the tramway got delayed.”
Watson was impressed, and let his smile grow when he spotted Holmes watching them in the corner of his eye. “You’re right, that is quite the story. And quite a change, from copper to security guard. Do you miss it?”
John didn’t reply, simply nodded, but the hand on Sherlock’s waist tightened a bit before ushering him forward.
John remembered when Mycroft had made them do the maintenance on all the individual security stations. They were scattered along the layout of the Warehouse; a bucket of neutralizer on wheels, a neutralizer hose, axe, a big emergency button that activated the neutralizer sprinklers and, of course, a smaller version of the Warehouse computer. Sherlock had lectured about artifact security, all the while making passive aggressive comments and successfully irritating the new agent. John had stayed calm, even when Sherlock had used his encounter with Beethoven’s clock as an example of what not to do. His control had paid off; when they had finished their last station for the day, the taller man had dusted himself off and told John to put everything away. Without a word, John had grabbed one bag and had stretched his arm out to hand it to Sherlock, who had taken a step back, knocked over the bucket of goo and had successfully slipped and knocked himself out as he had hit his head on the floor.
I know right? I mean, they live together. You’d think one of them would notice or say something at some point.
“We have our ways. Tell me the events of your last mission.” Watson sat back into the posh chair, taking a moment to consider how to deal with this.
Rosie spends the rest of her week, working in her coloring books. She successfully finishes the portrait of Sherlock in the Christmas jumper and hangs it on the fridge. (John sees it after work one day and gives her high praise. She beams, Sherlock blushes.) She gets four more pages of her human body book done, one page, the circulatory system, took her all day Thursday and part of Friday morning to finish. She used John’s text book again to get the flow in and out colored correctly. All the while, watching movie after movie.
Sherlock groans and bucks his hips, pressing up into his own fist, his hole squeezing around the tip of John’s finger.
“Yes, Love. How about Friday? The surgery closes at three so I’ll be home early. We could go to dinner first?” John says. Rosie jumps up and down, squealing.
There was a knock at the door and a "Whoohoo." as Mrs. Hudson entered the flat with his morning tea.
On Friday, the Love on the Ice marathon ended and picked up with Coffee Shop romances. Rosie collected data and scenarios, just as Sherlock would do. John left for work at 7:45 to catch the tube, leaving Rosie with toast and tea. Sherlock was still in bed when Rosie finally packed up her coloring things at 11:30. She knew Granny H would want her down for lunch, and she was going to take a shower and get dressed after.
“Rosie, Sherlock and I... we...” John starts but can’t quite get out the words and he looks at Sherlock for help.
Sherlock tries to recover from the hit as two of the sailors hold him up, pinning his arms to his back. “Sorry… what?” Sherlock grunts.
“What’s the matter, dear Watson? Is the tree not to your liking?” He asks. She huffs and rubs her eyes. Sherlock takes her to the kitchen for a biscuit while John replaces the runaway ball.
Sherlock twists his mouth. A muffled cry comes from the sitting room. They enter to find Rosie sitting on the throw blanket, rubbing her eyes.
Sherlock stepped around Rosie’s drawing things and entered the kitchen. Just as Sherlock flicked on the kettle, John stomped up the stairs and entered the flat. Rosie twisted around to greet him.
John grins at him. “Sure it is, we had gifts and food. A party. We could see if there’s any Christmas specials on the telly.”
On the landing stands Craig, the hacker that lent Sherlock his dog for the Six Thatchers Case. John had only recently gotten around to typing that one up.
He runs his tongue up the center of Sherlock’s cheeks, smearing the melted white chocolate over his hole. Sherlock lets out a soft sigh, leaning his head back on the chair a bit but still not taking his eyes off John.
“Of course I did, you git!” John hurries hastily to to grab the dish towel off the counter and moves over to where the smoke alarm is mounted to the ceiling. He waves the dish towel frantically jumping a bit to reach it.
“Alright, Watson. What did your Father pack for you today?” He starts digging around in the bag shoving aside spare outfits and fresh nappies.
“Easy boys! Easy! Steady up! Hold on mates! He’s almost up! That’s it! Give him a big pull! That’s it! Don’t drop him now. Come on. Pull him over. Put your backs into it!”
“There was a ‘Love on the Ice’ marathon. It’s so romantic. And I finished the heart! I used your old textbook as a guide.” She holds up her coloring book to show him.
Sherlock flopped down into his chair pulling his phone out of his jacket pocket. He pulled up a blank message to John, staring at it a minute before typing it out.
“Watson... Rosamund... Your father and I, we do love one another. But we’ve only just... discussed it, recently. We were trying to decide when and how to tell you.” Sherlock explains. Rosie is almost bursting, while she quietly lets them explain.
“Oh my god, John... I think...” Sherlock starts babbling and groaning. John dips back in licking around his finger and that does it. Sherlock lets out a long groan, still stroking himself, spilling over his hand and up his chest and belly. John lets his finger slip out and leaves kisses up the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock lays back panting and tries to catch his breath.
John’s eyebrows quirk. “Mmm... that’s lovely.” He puts his finger in his mouth wetting it, before running his finger down the inside of Sherlock’s arse cheek and up the other, barely brushing by his hole.
“Oh. Alright.” John looks over his shoulder at Rosie and then to Sherlock who shrugs sheepishly. Rosie looks back at the telly, her couple was now sitting tying their ice skates sitting side by side on a bench. The girl pulls her laces tight and snaps one of them. “Oh, shoot!” She exclaims. The guys gets down in front of her on one knee and the girl blushes. Rosie giggles. The guy ties the girl’s skate with the broken lace, secure enough for now.
“And shortbread for Rosie.” They say in unison. Sherlock grins and John chuckles, looking away. The kettle whistles and they both jump a bit. Sherlock starts to attempt to make the tea one handed with Rosie on his hip. John comes to stand next to him and takes the tea canister out of his hand.
Sherlock nods. “I will.” Mrs. Hudson retreats back down the stairs. Sherlock pops the raspberry biscuits into his mouth as he makes his way to the bathroom. He stops short grabbing the bin, and scoops the mess from the table into it before heading into the bathroom for a shower.
John does, lifting the lid, then a thin piece of tissue paper that lays on top. Underneath are three medium sized molded chocolates. One dark chocolate, one white chocolate, and one milk chocolate. They were molded in an odd shape, sloped to a ‘v’ in the center with a wrinkled, bumpy surface on the inside.
The attendant passes the skates over the counter and John pays. Rosie grabs her skates and finds a nearby bench to change into them. Sherlock stands next to her and watches a few people go by. John finds them and holds out a pair of skates for Sherlock.
He didn’t even hear the next morning when Mrs. Hudson brought up some tea. He finally emerged from his thoughts around 10:00 am to find a cup of tea next to him, cold. He took a sip anyway and made a face.
“Not a case, but an experiment. I’ve been collecting data but the results aren’t... they’re not enough to prove...”
John leans up to kiss him softly. Sherlock tries to dip his tongue in to taste the chocolate in his mouth, but John pulls back too soon. He finishes unbuttoning the shirt, then straightens it on Sherlock’s shoulders.
When Sherlock reenters the living room, he clears a few stray newspapers off the coffee table and the floor. He goes to the kitchen to make sure there are at least two clean mugs. He realizes there’s not and removes his jacket and rolls up his sleeves to wash up the dishes. He made sure that Rosie’s spare sippy and bottle were clean for her as well.
Sherlock appears at the end of the sofa, his violin under his chin. He starts playing the piece he had been working on for Rosie. John smiles softly up at him and then back down at Rosie, who was rubbing her face, fighting sleep. John gives her a kiss on the forehead before getting up to start a fire.
“Sherlock always performs an experiment when he wants an answer to a question. That’s what I plan to do.” Rosie sets down her cup.
The smoke alarm still screams as Sherlock drags a chair over to where John is, stepping up onto it with his sticky foot. Sherlock presses the button and it stops beeping.
John sits back turning the box to read the text on the lid. The gold letters read “Edible Anus: Fine Belgian Chocolates”
Rosie spots the wrappings still in Sherlock’s hand and lunges for them. Sherlock holds it out of her reach as he walks into the kitchen to toss it in the bin. He closes the bin lid and Rosie lets out a frustrated grunt.
Sherlock spent the rest of the night perched on his chair deducing and collecting all of the possible ways John would react when he and Rosie arrived tomorrow evening.
Rosie takes a deep breath. “Sorry. Could we maybe go ice skating? This weekend? Before I have to go back to school?”
She steps up to him so he can kiss Rosie goodbye. “Be good for, Nana, Rosiegirl. Daddy will be back soon.”
They walk in relative silence after that, Rosie was still skipping ahead and raced for the door to Angelo’s when they got to the end of the block.
Sherlock steps down off the chair and flops down into it. “We finished all of our breakfast. Didn’t we, Little Bee?”
“I believe they are, yes. They were last year, if you recall.” Sherlock adds the last bit quietly. John had been here on Christmas Eve last year. He had stayed with Sherlock for a few months after he had been shot... by Mary. John had gone back to stay with Mary after they returned from the Holmes family Christmas.
Shutting off the shower, John opens the shower curtain and grabs a towel, starting to dry himself off.
John alternates between soft kitten licks and light pressure, loosening Sherlock slowly, the way he knows he likes it. Finally, his tongue slides in and he wiggles it a bit, looking up at Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyelids flutter, his head listing back and his mouth open, panting quietly. Too quiet.
The officer turns, pulling a pack of chewing gum out of his pocket. Sherlock had already guessed whose face he would see when he turned. Even speaking German, the low rumble of his voice was unmistakable.
Sherlock huffs a bit, but bites his lip as he pulls up the leg that’s not draped over John’s shoulder. He holds himself open and looks down at John, blushing.
After a few minutes, the cab pulls up to Somerset House and Rosie jumps out. Sherlock follows, leaving John to pay. Rosie bounds past the oversized Christmas tree and up to the skate rental booth. She gives the attendant all three of their skate sizes before John even catches up to her.
All the color drains from Sherlock’s face as he stands up straight. “John...” he whispers, panicked, then louder, “John!”
“Not really.” Rosie says leaning into his chest. Sherlock looks glances over at them, a small smile on his face when he turns to look out the window. (Twenty-seven)
Rosie goes back to coloring the thin lines of the nerves of the legs. Faintly, from the kitchen she hears...
“There he goes! Lots of life in him. Give it up, matey. Good for ya. That’s what you get for your trouble.”
Rosie went upstairs to her room and grabbed her slippers, knowing Gran would scold her for coming down with bare feet. She slipped them on and then bounded down the steps to Mrs. Hudson’s door. It was cracked and she pushed it open.
John changes quickly and shuts the door to ‘C’. “Come on you two! Let’s get going!” He calls up the stairs. Rosie bounds down the stairs quickly, with Sherlock following close behind tying his scarf.
“Granny H said she had a roast on. She said for us to come down to fix a plate at 6:00.”  She calls to them.
Sherlock tries to lift his head to answer but not before he takes a heavy boot to his ribs. He grunts and rolls to his side, still coughing up water.
John gives them a quizzical look before pulling himself out of it. “Right. What do you need?” He walks over to the table and finds a piece of paper and a pen in the mess.
“I think there’s been a mistake. I think the mistake is mine.” Sherlock mumbles, staring off in thought.
“Um, sure, Love.” John answers. They reach the entry way on the opposite side of the rink. Sherlock is the first to escape, walking somewhat normally on the rubber matting outside the rink. He finds a bench and sits quickly, while John and Rosie go to the snack kiosk.
“Not on the watch of Captain Yip Harburg, they’re not. Lock the prisoner up in here.” The captain heads out, the sailors following after him.
After stowing their shoes in a locker at Sherlock’s insistence, Rosie heads through the small door and onto the ice. She slides out gracefully, not stumbling at all, despite not having been ice skating since last winter when Molly had taken her. John steps on awkwardly after her, getting his footing easily, moving stiffly but not falling. He moves out of the way so Sherlock can follow after.
John enters the sitting room with the tea tray and sets it on the coffee table. He had made Rosie a cup of juice and put a few of each of the biscuits on the tray. Sherlock stands and joins John on the sofa.
John tears his eyes away from staring at the molded chocolates to glance up at Sherlock, who was looking more and more apprehensive. “This is you?”
Rosie reaches the coffee table and grips the edge, resting a minute, as John steps through the door, a little shyly. His eyes dart to the decorated tree in the corner and the faerie lights in the windows.
After some internal debate, Sherlock decided that the Fraser Fir would be appropriate for Rosie. Small, full, excellent needle retention and potted so then Mrs. Hudson could keep it year round if she wished. He found a push trolley and carefully placed the tree on it and pushed it to the front.
“Do you think that Thai place we used to order from is still open on Christmas Eve?” John says pulling out his phone.
Sherlock backs up and sits back down in his chair. John retrieves the box from his own chair and kneels down in front of Sherlock. Sherlock’s feet are still caught up in his trousers, so John untangles his legs, one foot at a time. The trousers get tossed aside, the belt clattering on the wood floor in front of the fireplace.
Maybe they never dated.... because they were in love with eachother! Her nine year old romantic brain whirred with all the possibilities. Her cheeks pinkened and she tried to look interested in her coloring again. How could she find out? What did Sherlock always do if he wanted an answer to a question? Perform an experiment. John and Sherlock enter the sitting room.
“Clean up, then we can take Rosie down to the park to see the ducks?” John lifts his eyebrows in question.
Sherlock nods. “Mmm.” He goes back into the sitting room in search of Rosie. He found her sitting on the throw blanket on the floor, shoving the wrapping paper from the presents in her mouth.
“Sure, Love. I’ll put the kettle on. You go get changed.” John says heading though the kitchen door off the landing.
“She couldn’t have.” John crouches down next to Rosie, who still had tears in her eyes. “What is it, love?”
Sherlock is slowly pulled into consciousness by a pressure under his arm pits. Rain spits at his face as he’s lifted out of the water. He hears yelling somewhere above him.
“Alright.” Sherlock agrees. John hops up with the kit and goes into the kitchen. Sherlock follows him, carrying Rosie. Sherlock sets Rosie on the counter with her legs hanging over the end of the counter. John lays out all the supplies and reads the directions out loud.
“You two have been shut up here in the flat since Christmas. It would be good for you to get out.” John comments. Rosie jumps up.
John sighs. “Clean up this mess, would you?” He lifts Rosie to the floor one handed, still gripping his towel with the other. He moves over to Sherlock, leaning to kiss his forehead. “No more fires while I’m in the shower, hmm?”
John turns to Sherlock and points a finger, the corner of his mouth turning up. “See. I told you. Bad habit.” Sherlock throws up his arms, his mouth dropping open in mock innocence. (Rosie counts that as smile number Twenty Three.)
“Well, what’s happened to him?” John starts to feel a bit panicked looking from the blank image on the paper to Craig.
“I wanted the flat to be safe for, Rosie.” Sherlock says turning to look at him. “Mrs. Hudson made up a plate of biscuits before she left for her sisters. She made the chocolate ones you like. She sent her love, before she left this afternoon.”
“Mmm... later.” Sherlock stands, stretching his arms over his head and John lets his eyes wander over him.
“Of course it changes things! It changes everything!” Rosie beams. “You’re in love! Now we can be a proper family! We’ve always been a family but now it’s real.” She turns and gives John a big hug. When John releases her, she scoots off his lap and climbs into Sherlock’s lap to give him a hug as well.
Sherlock is hoisted up and then set down on a hard ship deck, the rain pelting down around him. His face is patted by a cold clammy hand and he coughs, spitting up a bit of bitter ocean water.
“Hmm?” Sherlock looks at him a little confused as he hands him a damp rag to wipe up Rosie’s hands and face.
“Good! I’m copying from Daddy’s old textbook.” He smiles up at him. He nods and ruffles her golden curls.
“Alright, Rosie. Shall we see what Sherlock’s got for us?” John asks Rosie, who had been quietly sitting in his lap. He opens the wrappings in front of her, and opens the box to find a repurposed magnifying glass. It had a hand stamped metal tag that read Rosie’s First Christmas 2016. It had a pink ribbon to hang it on the tree.
Angelo nods. “Well then, anything for my favorite little family.” He grabs three menus and walks them over to the table in front of the window. Rosie sits facing the wall, making sure Sherlock and John were sitting across from one another.
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock calls as he tries to get through the front door with the tree. He left it in the foyer and went back outside to collect the bags. When he got back into the foyer with the bags, Mrs. Hudson was coming out her door, wiping her hands on a tea towel.
“I had to steal this uniform, John, please…” Sherlock reaches after him, but there is a commotion at the back of the room and the Anthea look-a-like on stage stops her song to point at him and yells in German. There’s a gunshot and the dancing couples duck and scramble from the dance floor.
“Mmm.” Sherlock’s reply as he noisily sucks curry sauce off his fingers. He dumps the paper bag upside down scattering sauce packets, fortune cookies and chop sticks across the table. Sherlock grabs a set of chop sticks and starts scooping his curry on to the plate of rice John had slid across to him.
John nearly falls over in his haste to leap out of the tub and wrap the towel around his waist. He wrenches open the bathroom door and darts across into the kitchen.
John huffs, holding his towel in one hand and reaching across the kitchen table with his other, to switch off the gas to the Bunsen Burner.
Rosie heads upstairs to change into her pajamas and by the time she gets back downstairs, John and Sherlock are already in their chairs, a fire going in the fireplace.
Rosie makes a pouting face and crosses her arms sitting back on the bench. She’s out of their space but she can still hear them.
“No, I did. I bought a tree for Rosie. I decided you were right.” Sherlock sets the bags down, out of breath.
Sherlock’s face falls and he rolls back on his heels, bringing a hand to his mouth. There’s sound of keys in the door, and men speaking German on the other side of the door. “Hello? Hello?” Sherlock ducks into a darkened corner of the room as the man enters and steps into the darkness, only a small lamp lighting up the radio as the announcer continues.
“That’s why I suggested, Sherlock. Anyway, here are the biscuits for your party. I’m headed out to my sister’s now. The flat looks lovely.” She reaches out the squeeze his forearm. “Do you need anything else?”
“Of course it’s better when you make it, you’re you.” Sherlock says flippantly, waving a hand. John smiles shyly as he adds tea bags to each of the three mugs set on the work top.
Sherlock steps confidently out on to the ice, but as soon as he’s away from the doorway his feet twist and he falls flat on his rear. Rosie bursts into a fit of giggles. John shuffles over and grins down at him. (Number 25)
“Maybe you could ask Molly to take you, the next time you stay over with her.” Sherlock offers as he and John take seats in their chairs.
Rosie looks out her window taking up as much of the seat as possible and pretending she’s not there.
“Keeping those two Papas of yours out of trouble?” Angelo asks. Rosie just grins at him as she’s set down. “Sherlock, my friend! It’s been too long! Dr. Watson, how are you?” Angelo gushes shaking both their hands.
Sherlock freezes a bit as he puts his instrument in its case. “I tried to help, you know... after. But you didn’t want me... my help, I mean.” He says stiffly.
“In a medium mixing bowl, mix the contents of the plaster mix bag with 250mL of water. Stir until blended.” John dumps the powdered plaster mix into the bowl as Sherlock grabs a beaker out of the cupboard above him and hands it to John to fill in the sink. He returns with the 250mL of water and pours it into the bowl, mixing it with a cereal spoon.
He moves down the hall and ducks through another door way finding himself in a ballroom with a party going on. A live band is playing and couples are dancing, all dressed in 1930’s style clothing. Sherlock weaves through the dancefloor, taking everything in. He looks up at the singer on stage. Her make up is different and her hair up, but it’s Anthea, Mycroft’s PA belting out ‘Jeepers Creepers’.
Sherlock turns to move away from John, his feet immediately slipping out from under him, his legs splaying like a baby giraffe learning to walk. John reaches out to catch him and Sherlock collapses into his arms.
Rosie continues. “Also, neither of you go on dates. Most of my friends that have single parents say their parents go on dates. But I don’t ever remember a time when either of you went on a date.”
John redoubles his efforts, pulling his tongue out and resuming the teasing licks and light pressure, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s arse cheeks. Soon Sherlock was a writhing, sweaty mess.
“I don’t expect anything in return. I wanted to do this for Rosie... and for you.” Sherlock hands John the first package. “This one is for you, John.”
John turns and moves over to her. “What’s all over your face...and all over the floor? Sherlock?” He turns to Sherlock, who has taken the smoke detector off of the ceiling. “Oh no! You leave that up there. WITH the batteries IN!”
Sherlock looks almost grateful as he closes his fist around his leaking cock, his eyes rolling back.
“No, ‘ock, NO!” She repeats, her eyes tearing up. Sherlock panics and grabs a shortbread biscuit off the plate on the table, handing to her. Rosie gives a semi-contented sigh as she shoves the biscuit into her mouth.
They step out on to the pavement and Sherlock turns to Rosie. “May I get us a cab now, Watson? Or will you have us walk all the way to Somerset House?”
“I’ll go down and get it.” Sherlock says with a nod and he disappears through the door to the landing. John pulls out two plates and some forks for them and Sherlock returns a few moments later with the bag of takeout.
“Hello, Rosie, Love. Please don’t tell me you sat in that spot all day? That’s where I left you with your cereal this morning.” John says coming to stand over her. She grins up at him.
“I’ve been working on it for her.” Sherlock says following John’s eyes to Rosie. “For both of you....All of you.” He adds. John darts his eyes back to Sherlock as he continues. “It’s has notes of the waltz I composed for you and Mary.” Sherlock glances at John and meets his eyes before dropping his gaze to his glass. “It’s not finished yet.”
Sherlock smiles a bit and is about to say something in return when the alarm on John’s watch goes off.
He starts undoing the coat and tie, keeping a close eye on the open door. Sherlock makes quick work of stripping this Anderson look-a-like to his vest and pants. Sherlock pulls a face at having seen more of Anderson than he had ever wished, and started stripping his own clothes to change into the uniform. He slips into the hall, turning away from the German soldiers checking rooms down the hall. They spot him and call out to him in German, Sherlock walks quicker away from them. They call out to him again and give chase when he doesn’t respond again. Sherlock starts up at a run down the narrow hall, turns a corner and ducks into a room. The soldiers jog past him.
John stands, leaving the box on his chair and standing close to Sherlock, helping him with the buttons of his shirt.
Lestrade hands Moriarty Sherlock’s wallet that he had left in his clothes. Moriarty looks at it and gives another order. The men holding Sherlock start dragging him out the door again.
“It was only a few blocks. And I only did that to show you that your limp was psychosomatic.” Sherlock waves his hand. John blushes and takes a sip of his water to cover it.
Sherlock walks with Rosie back into the sitting room and sets her in John’s armchair. He gets his violin out of its case and starts to play Jingle Bells for her, humming along as he rocks in front of her. Rosie gurgles happily as she watches him, sucking on her biscuit. Just as he reaches the end of the song, John lumbers up the stairs with Rosie’s high chair, going through the kitchen door to set it up next to the table.
John almost barks out a laugh but it comes out more like a puff of air. “What’s this?” He looks up at Sherlock again, whose face has changed a bit. John can see the apprehension behind his eyes.
He takes time to clear the counters of stray experiment parts and laboratory supplies. When he finished, he looked at the clock on the kitchen wall and it read 3:26pm. He rebuttoned his sleeves and put his jacket back on before going back into the sitting room to wait for John and Rosie to arrive.
Sherlock takes a few more bites before picking up his plate and taking it to the sink. John joins him at the sink to rinse his own plate.
“Maybe you should hold onto the wall for a bit. Until you get your footing.” John suggests, moving them towards the wall.
John padded the man on his shoulder. He figured they could use him to get into the club to meet Barnabas without too much trouble. “Don’t worry; we’ll let you go. We’re even giving you a ride back.”
Suddenly John shifted and pushed Sherlock’s shoulders, twisting and moving until Sherlock was pressed against the wall. Before she knew it, Molly’s hand was flat against polished wood. She found herself rapt and fascinated at the sight of them. How they transitioned the lead from one to the other as seamlessly as they did in the field. Sherlock in the lead was clean and precise, fascinating to watch. She used every movement, every touch with efficiency to elicit maximum pleasure. When John was in the lead she was… feral, sexy, as if she was throwing herself in completely. John gave pleasure with every inch of her body, and seemed to feel as much pleasure giving as she did receiving. Molly’s forehead pressed against the glass as John kept Sherlock pressed against the wall, her hands next to her head with a tight grip on Sherlock’s wrists, a leg pushed between thighs. She tilted her head back as John ravaged her neck and shoulders, making Sherlock’s hips buck forward and slowly grind down John’s naked thigh.
He pulls out a small rubbery Giraffe (“That looks unsanitary.”), a set of pink and purple plastic teething keys (“Stereotypical.”), her plush rattle (“We will not be playing THAT game today, Watson.”), and finally the plush bumblebee that he bought for her at the toy shop. Rosie claps and gurgles when he pulls it out of the bag. He smiles as he hands it to her.
“Time to finish the ornament.” John says, startled. Sherlock grabs Rosie up off the floor and follows John into the kitchen.
John clears his throat before shutting the door. “Are you sure you don’t want to sit in the middle, Rosie.”
“Next, pour the plaster mix into the mold and let it sit for 15 minutes.” John reads, then sets the alarm on his watch for 15 minutes. “What should we do while we wait?”
Rosie skates around and passes them before they even make it to the first curve. She makes another lap and skates up to John as he an Sherlock are making their way around the first curve. She was having a good time skating by herself and going fast, forgetting a little about her observations of Sherlock and John.
Rosie watches with excited giggles and Sherlock holds the marshmallow over the flame. The closest side browns, and Sherlock pulls it back, touching it gingerly with his free hand and blowing on it.
“I’m going to go for a few more laps. Are you guys coming?” Rosie says taking another quick drink of her cocoa.
“Whadda ya say Rosie? Should we hang our ornaments on the tree?” John asks, bouncing Rosie on his knee a bit. He takes Rosie’s ornament out of its box and stands with her moving over to the tree.
Another officer enters the bridge, calling out to Moriarty. He approaches them stepping into the light. Sherlock’s mouth nearly falls open.
Rosie was squirming so John sets her down and she toddles back to the table, grabbing the wrappings from the presets and shakes them about. John smiles as he watches her and then looks back at Sherlock, who’s was watching him.
John looks at Rosie. “Sherlock’s right, you know. You can’t eat the wrappings from the presents.” Rosie huffs out through her nose.
Like clockwork, at 3:51pm, John shuffles through the door with a babbling Rosie. Sherlock can hear them struggling with the push chair, but he stays where he is until he hears them reach the landing at the top of the stairs. Sherlock darts to standing.
He turns to see John, watching them, holding a tea towel. Sherlock steps forward and John uses the towel to dry Rosie’s hands.
“Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh! Hey!” John belts out the last line, throwing his free arm out. Rosie squeals and cackles. John turns to face Sherlock, who lowers his instrument, smiling widely at them.
“EADS UK-DMC2 100k swath imaging. You’ll have to find someone with the Ministry of Defense to get it.” Craig answers.
Mrs. Hudson sighs. "Alright. But sometimes spending time with your loved ones and making new traditions helps you move past the grief of losing the old ones. And Rosie needs traditions of her own with the family that she has."
He grabs the throw blanket off the back of John’s chair, spreading it out on the floor in front of the coffee table. He sets Rosie in the middle of it and goes to fetch her bag from under the coat rack. He returns to Rosie’s side and sits cross legged next to her. She looks up at him with interest.
John smiles and takes the last steps towards Sherlock. He puts a hand on his arm. “No, I’m not angry, Sherlock. It’s...” They are interrupted by a thump and a rustle of the tree, followed by Rosie whimpering. They turn to see Rosie, sitting  flat on her bum in front of the tree. One of the silver balls rolled away from her. They both move to her and Rosie looks up at Sherlock with tears in her eyes. She points at the tree and babbles to him. Sherlock reaches to pick her up.
John makes a bit of a slurping noise, swallowing before licking over Sherlock again. His tongue swirls around, licking up most of the chocolate, before he pulls back and looks up at Sherlock, taking another bite out of the chocolate.
Rosie takes a deep breath, gets the chair from the desk and sets it facing the fireplace, between their chairs. She takes her tea from John’s side table and sits. John chuckles but Sherlock looks at her seriously.
John gives him a soft smile and sits back in his armchair. Sherlock sits, too, taking a sip of his whisky. They sit in silence for a while, enjoying the warmth from the fireplace.
He washes and then lets himself relax, sitting down and letting the water run over him. He must’ve fallen asleep because the water runs cold and he jolts awake. He shuts off the water quickly and gets out, shivering. He dresses quickly, putting on a dark green shirt and his best trousers, followed by his jacket.
“I told you.” Sherlock directs at John as he’s drug away. The band starts up again and the soldiers drag him roughly out of the ballroom.
“No.. no, it’s not September 3rd. It’s November 16th. Look.” Sherlock pulls back his sleeve, showing the date on his watch.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson thought I ought to. She was being... helpful.” He corrected himself before saying something not good. The corner of John’s mouth turns up. “I know you said you didn’t want to celebrate this year but I thought... for Rosie.” Sherlock stumbles over his words a bit. “Are you angry?”
A Nazi soldier approaches Sherlock, pointing a gun at him and yelling in German. John stands off to the side still. “He says put your hands up.” He offers helpfully. Sherlock puts up his hands and two soldiers grab him pinning his arms.
“Never heard of me?” Arms grab around Sherlock as the men start dragging him backwards. “You’ve not read John’s blog? Everyone reads John’s blog. Even me…. On occasion.”
She glanced every few seconds at the telly, which was playing a stereotypical holiday themed cheesy romance movie. It was a ‘Love on the Ice’ marathon. The couple had spent half of the movie accidentally running into each other in the town square during the Christmas light lighting ceremony, at a mutual friend’s Christmas party and then in front of the shop where they had literally ran into each other, sending their purchases flying. The girl finally asked the guy to meet at the skating rink in the town square. He had agreed and now he was clinging for dear life to the side of the rink. The girl was laughing at him, (good-naturedly, of course). He reaches out for her hand, they stumble but she catches him and they end up staring into one another’s eyes.
John gives him a small smile and stabs a piece of chicken. Rosie pounds on her tray and shrieks because no ones paying to her.
Sherlock puts the kettle on, carrying Rosie on his hip, who was munching happily on her shortbread biscuit.
“It’s perfect.” John tells him. Sherlock blushes a bit picks up John’s doctor’s bag ornament and hands it to him to hang on the tree. Sherlock moves to John’s side and they hang their ornaments next to Rosie’s on the tree. They stand back and admire the tree with the three new ornaments on it.
Sherlock and Rosie meet John at the rental counter and they exit out onto the pavement. Sherlock steps to the curb to hail them a cab. Rosie climbs in first, and John and Sherlock after her. John puts his arm around Rosie as the cab pulls out into traffic.
After about a twenty minute ride, they pull up in front of Baker Street. John hands Rosie some bills out of his wallet and lets her pay the cabbie as Sherlock climbs out and opens the door to the flat.
“It’s not a party.” He answers stealing one of the raspberry thumbprint biscuits off the plate. “And, no Mrs. Hudson. Thank you, for the biscuits.” He leans down to give her a peck on the cheek. “Merry Christmas.”
Sherlock complies almost instantly, scooting so that his bottom rests on the edge of the chair, and reclining back. John  scoots forward also, pressing kisses to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, working his way up to where his balls where nestled between his legs. He noses past them, running his tongue along the crease of his groin.
“Now we just have to wait for it to harden.”  John takes Rosie from Sherlock and sets her down on the floor. “I don’t guess you have anything in, do you?” Sherlock gives him a blank look.
Rosie runs in and Angelo greets her at the podium with a big hug, lifting her off her feet. “Hello Rosie, my love. How are you today?”
“I’ll make us some tea. Why don’t you and Rosie go into the sitting room? She has some toys in her bag.” John says. Sherlock gives him a small smile and adjusts Rosie on his hip. He grabs a raspberry biscuit on his way to the sitting room.
The cabbie helped Sherlock get the tree down from the roof and left Sherlock standing among his bags and boxes from the Christmas shop.
John looks at Sherlock for a moment. “Yes, I did. I still do.” Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to blush. A waiter comes to the table with their food. They eat quickly, with Angelo checking on them a few times. When they finish, John insists on paying even when Angelo tells them it’s on the house.
“Aye, that’s a damn good question, lad. I’m waiting for a damn good answer.” The captain sets his jaw.
“She takes after her Father.” Sherlock says the corner of his mouth turning up. John smiles as he carries her over to the sofa, fishing her pacifier out of her bag on the way by. He lays her down and tucks the Union Jack throw pillow into her side, to keep her from rolling off the sofa. She fusses a bit, and John pats her stomach.
Rosie looks back into the kitchen, where Sherlock is dutifully holding the tea tray while John fills it with their tea cups. John gives him a soft smile. Rosie’s eyes dart back to the telly, then back to the kitchen in quick succession before something dawns on her.
John looks down at the paper, which is just a printout of what looks to be a blank radar screen. “I don’t understand. What am I looking at?”
An officer steps into the room, wringing his hands in his hat. “Sir, the Germans, sir. They’ve taken control of the bridge. Steering a course for their homeland.”
“No..” John sits forward in his chair a little, shaking his head. “...no, they’re wonderful. It’s absolutely filthy and mad. But wonderful.” John bites his lip, smiling.
“Though her exact position was kept a secret in fear that spies might give her up to the Axis, it’s been reasonably determined that she was just south of the Plantagenet Bank when she went missing. Less that 60 feet of water, yet she was never found.”
“Case!” Rosie squeals back. They can hear Mrs. Hudson answer the door and there are heavy steps on the stairs. John stands and goes to open the door to the flat.
After fixing a full breakfast for Rosie, Sherlock and himself, he had asked Sherlock if he minded watching Rosie for a bit so could take a quick shower. They had just finished a case the night before, and John had been too exhausted to do anything other than fall into bed the night before. He had gone down to retrieve Rosie from Mrs. H just as she had woken up.
“In the kitchen, dear!” Mrs. Hudson calls back. Rosie walks through the sitting room and back to the kitchen, where Mrs. Hudson was laying out lunch of tuna salad sandwiches and apple slices. Rosie takes a seat at the table swinging her dangling legs.
John lifts him a bit and Sherlock looks up at him, his face bright red. “John...” Sherlock mumbles softly. John gazes down at him, smiling softly. (TWENTY SIX!)
John reaches up, offering the last bite of the chocolate to Sherlock, who closes his mouth around John’s fingers, sucking off the melted bits. John sighs and pulls his hand back, dragging it down Sherlock’s bare chest. He dips back in, smearing the melted chocolate from his mouth over Sherlock, pressing harder with his tongue. Sherlock’s muscles flex and press back. John makes a small noise, running the tip of his tongue around the tight ring of muscle. He glances up at Sherlock before pressing his tongue in just a bit.
“No, Sherlock.” John cuts him off by grabbing his forearm. “It’s great. It’s wonderful. I know I said I didn’t want to do anything this year, but I’m glad you asked us to come over. I was not having a good day yesterday. And you’re right,” he looks down at Rosie again, “it’s important for Rosie to have traditions.”
“John did live here. For an extended period of time as I recall. He knows my habits.” He answers as he walks over to examine the plate.
Putting the towel over his head, he dries his hair, making it stick up all over. He pulls the towel down, drying the drips and dampness from his beard. As the steam starts to settle in the bathroom, John gets a whiff of what smells like smoke. He sniffs again just to be sure and is about to call out to Sherlock when the shrill whine of the smoke alarm in the kitchen starts sounding.
John gives him a puzzled look as he continues. “The SS Queen Anne, which, by all accounts vanished without a trace over 60 years ago.”
“Now it’s still warm. Be careful not to get it everywhere.” Sherlock pulls it off the fork and it leaves behind some gooey center. Rosie takes it from him eagerly and puts it directly in her mouth, humming and smiling at him as she chews.
“It’s alright. The war is over. Let them take you to Germany. They make nice cars.” The door to the cabin shuts and the corner of Sherlock’s mouth turns up and he turns into the room. He brings his hands up to his mouth, scanning the room and sees a radio on the far wall. He goes to it quickly, switching it on and fiddling with the dials. He picks up the mouth piece and speaks into it. “Mayday. Mayday. My name is Sherlock Holmes. I’m on the SS Queen Anne.” They radio whines in response and he turns the dial again. “Ship in distress. Mayday. Mayday.” The radio whines and a broadcast comes through.
“Ok.” Rosie takes off through the entryway to the ice and skates around, watching Sherlock and John as she passes by. On the first pass John was saying something to Sherlock, who was still looking down into his cocoa. On her next pass, John seemed to be sitting closer to Sherlock, who had a slight smile on his lips. The next pass John was gone and Sherlock was sitting by himself. Rosie makes one more pass and exits the rink, waddling over to Sherlock on the bench.
John straps her into her high chair and gives her another shortbread biscuit to entertain her while they wait for the food to arrive. Sherlock enters the kitchen carrying Rosie’s sippy, just as the door buzzed.
Sherlock takes a sip of his tea. “Mmm. It always tastes better when you make it.” He says. John blushes a bit.
“Yes, that’s fine. Be careful.” John answers. Rosie skates off, joining to other skaters rounding the rink.
“Oh that sounds wonderful! I remember when my sister and I went ice skating as girls. We had so much fun! We would get Hot Cocoa after.” Mrs. Hudson beams, taking a sip of her tea.
They return shortly, with three hot cocoas with a candy cane in each one. John passes one to Sherlock and sits next to him. Rosie sits next to John and stirs her cocoa with her candy cane.
“It’s blank.” John starts to get a little agitated, gesturing with the paper. “There’s nothing on here!”
The cabbie was still waiting for him when emerged from the shop. Sherlock piled into the cab with his purchases and they head back to Baker Street.
“I think you’ve been spending to much time with Molly Hooper.” Now it’s Rosie’s turn to roll her eyes.
“It’s your party. What now?” John wipes up Rosie and let’s her down from her chair. She toddles out into the sitting room.
Rosie puts her chin on her fist, looking dreamily between John and Sherlock. “Tell me about the first time you ate here.”
“That’s it, Love. Go on, just like that.” John breathes out and brushes his index finger over Sherlock’s hole again, before starting to push in a bit. Sherlock groans out again, his hips squirming. John puts his mouth on him again, sucking around Sherlock’s outer rim and his own finger.
Sherlock looks up at him, then. “I meant what I said before. You and Rosie are always welcome here, when things get too difficult or even when they’re not. This is your home, too.”
“You see, we were worried how you would react. Because well, we’re both men. Do you have any questions about that?” John says carefully.
“I did no such thing, Watson. Your father agreed to bring you and I merely agreed to come along. No one said I would be required to actually skate.”
The uniformed man steps up to the radio and leans on it to switch it off. Sherlock emerges from the corner quickly, trying to knock him out against the radio. This changes the radio broadcast to an upbeat Andrews Sisters song.
“Here, you two better work it out.” John says passing Rosie to Sherlock. Sherlock has a stricken look on his face and Rosie does not look pleased. “The Thai will be here in 25 minutes. I’m going to pop down to Mrs. Hudson’s to grab Rosie’s high chair.” He says digging in his coat pocket for his keys, where he still carried the spare key to Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
The second was a Nordmann Fir. It's sign saying "Most Popular" and Russia listed as its place of cultivation. It had dark glossy green needles, that were shorter than the needles on the fir. It was taller than Sherlock, about 7 1/2 feet he estimated.
When John and Rosie had woken up, Sherlock had been gone. No note, no text. John had sent a text just before lunch asking when he’d be home. No response. John bounces his knee some more, chewing on his lip. He was always prone to disappearing, but since Sherlock had returned, he was less likely to leave John behind, at least not without telling him where he was going.
“Inconclusive. Not enough data to support your hypothesis.” Sherlock cuts in, steepling his fingers under his nose.
Rosie turns her attention back to the telly, where the latest couple was walking through the park for their date at the skating rink. They were walking quietly side by side, stealing smiles at eachother.
“The point of gift giving is to give and not expect anything in return,  is it not?” Sherlock says a little confused.
“So demanding. Maybe I should start leaving her down with Mrs. H, again. She’s learning bad habits from you.” John says with a smirk as he stands to face Sherlock.
“Dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh, o’re the fields we go, laughing all the way, HAHAHAHA.” John bounces her higher on that part and she squeals.
Sherlock holds the wall and starts shuffling along, John moving along next to him, waiting to catch him again if he fell.
“Sherlock’s in trouble, Mrs. H. Can you sit with Rosie, please? She’s just woken up from her nap. I’m not sure how long I’ll be. If she gets to be too much, call Molly or Greg.” John grabs his coat and shrugs into it. Mrs. Hudson goes and picks Rosie up from the floor.
