How does Dean expect him to eat now, when he’s stroking his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles like that?
They should get phone calls before they have to report to the field, either ready to clean out their locker, or ready to attend their first official Major League team meeting. If they make it, at the end of the week they'll have some days off before they have to drive back to Kansas to report at Kauffman Stadium, ready for an inter-league game against the Cardinals.
The words caught in his throat as he sang, his fingers stumbling over the keys. Dean looked back down at the piano and tried to focus.
The photos head back south and so does all of Dean’s blood. Castiel reveals himself as he jacks off, his dick wet and sliding through his fist. The next picture is of Dean’s bottle of lube from his nightstand and his new favorite toy, a bright purple double ended dildo, laying side by side in Dean’s sheets. His mind drifts to the weekend before last when they went out and bought it, only to take it back to Dean’s and break it in. A few times.
He shook his head and reminded himself that he intended to take things slow with Cas. They had something special—Dean could feel it in his bones—and he wasn't going to mess that up with sex, despite the fact he could think of nothing else.
radiate from all the members of the Fab Five. The man they met a week ago, the man from the video, resigned to their help as a last resort — he’s
He pulled out the ring—the same simple black tungsten band inlaid with a thin strip of metallic blue—and watched as Cas’ eyes filled with tears. Both their hands shook as Dean reached for Cas’ left hand. “I know that people are going to think it's too fast but I don't care. We might have ten years of blanks to fill, but you're still the man I fell in love with, and not a damn thing is gonna change that.”
, he was the one that encouraged Cas, he was the one that proposed that parting ways made the most sense for Cas’ future. Cas fought him on it, shit, did they fight about it. He wanted to find a closer school, but they both knew it couldn’t get better than Cornell. Cas was lying to himself about wanting to stay and he was doing it for Dean’s benefit.
“Jody loves it, it’s a real guilty pleasure. Really helps her unwind after a long day, you know? She’s a cop and after shift, well, anything to help her relax.” She pours the water to let the tea seep. “I remember those days, used to wear the badge myself.”
“What?”
Dean’s glad for that. He’s not glad that Cas is unhappy. He chews his lip, thinking. “You know… when I was at the high school, I noticed that most of the kids these days have some kind of social media account. Have you tried looking him up?”
Castiel almost bites a hole in his lip when his eyes reach Dean’s thick cock wrapped in lilac satin panties. They leave absolutely nothing to the imagination. The cut flatters Dean, riding high on his sharp hips and dipping low enough to make Castiel’s mouth water. Castiel can see every line of Dean's dick and he wants to devour him.
“Yes,” he blurts out, startling himself. “I mean, if you’re asking.” Dean sucks in a shaky breath. “I’m saying yes.”
“You don't?” That amuses Castiel.
Cas’s smile is wicked when he tugs Dean by the hand so they can slip into the back patio. He presses Dean against the door he just closed and kisses him, his mouth hot and still sweet. Dean’s hand works across Cas’ hip and Cas pulls away, breathless.
But how can it be, when Cas wraps him in strong arms and doesn’t hesitate for a second before capturing Dean’s mouth in a hot kiss, a claim, a declaration that they belong to each other and that aside from that, nothing else matters.
Now he can never, ever go home. Cool.
baby you were holding.”
“I’m not opposed,” Cas replies, his voice rough.
“And we’re really excited to meet him,” Charlie chimes in.
It’s incredibly easy to shut everyone else out and enjoy their little bubble.
“Well, I can't take all the credit, I had a great teacher.”
“Dean?”
it, I
Castiel sighs. They’ve been going back and forth since Claire arrived and asked what time Dean was picking Castiel up for their date. He had to give her the news that he was meeting Dean there and he honestly wasn’t expecting the push back. She’d made him replay their conversation for her and according to her, what Dean did was insulting.
It’s Dean’s turn to interrupt and put a stop to this shit. “Guys, I'm good.” Dean turns to Benny. “Nerves are there, but Cas told me my pitches are still low so we're good. I'm good.” They all know he's convincing himself too, but these guys trust him. And he trusts them. “You guys are kicking ass for me tonight, I swear I’m not wastin’ that.”
Castiel’s heart swells as his eyes grow wide. “Dean did you—paint this? For Pug?”
“If you’re not sure about making a big love confession of your own, confide in friends!” Karamo smiles warmly at Antoni sitting across the table from him. A small breakfast is spread between them, steaming cups of coffee next to plates of buttered toast. “Sometimes the opinions of your nearest and dearest can make all the difference in the world, don’t you think Antoni?”
Dean has a knack for making anyone sound interesting, which is a talent, considering no one could be as fascinating as Dean himself.
Castiel’s chin drops to his chest.
Dean thinks so and you just owned that whole moment.”
“Oh good, you found my favorite. You’re even more beautiful in them than I imagined. I think we’re done here, don’t you?”
“All right, okay, it's not
“You're welcome, sweetheart. Wanna go get comfortable? I'll put these in water.”
Dean follows him into the bar.
“Claire.”
“Doesn’t hurt to ask,” she chirps with a knowing smile. “I’m leanin’ towards a yes, ya ask me.” She comes to stand beside him in front of the bulletin board. She nods towards the event listing. “Come back for one of our community nights, meet some of your neighbors.”
Dean had been emailing with his new roommate for the last month since KU’s Housing Department sent him his room assignment. The questionnaire he filled out about himself in August paired him with another freshman, a guy named Castiel Novak. He was a mathematics major from Illinois. They agreed instead of bringing furniture and decorations, they would bring whatever money they were planning on spending and go shopping together. Dean was glad he and Castiel seemed to get on ok; it lessened the stress of living with someone he’s never even met.
The sun was setting on their perfect day, and Dean couldn't help but think Cas always looked most beautiful in the dusk. He'd never get tired of looking at him in this light.
“See, it’s Mildred’s birthday, she’s the lady that feeds the birds every day by the fountain? Anyway, she’s having herself a big party, kinda something we do around here.” Dean’s found something interesting to stare at on the ground by their feet because his eyes keep dropping there as he talks. “Big village party, everyone’s invited and I figured maybe you’d wanna come.” He finally turns emerald eyes on Castiel and he’s blinking fast and wearing a hesitant smile. “Meet everyone you didn’t get to see today.”
“Sure, Dean.”
“Meg and Balthazar say hello, thirsty assholes.”
Too bad it doesn’t last.
He always has been. As children, anytime their uncle would take them to meet a new group of people, Jimmy would be the one sticking his hand out for a handshake, while Castiel stayed a step behind, only introducing himself when prompted and always quick to find a way out of the impending conversation. Or worse, compelled to stay and remain silent, never knowing how to contribute.
The fact that he can’t breathe wakes Dean up. He’s wrapped around Cas, as he is most mornings, but usually he can breathe through his nose. He cracks an eye open, groaning in pain at how itchy it feels. He burrows his face into the curve of Cas’s neck and feels Cas’s arms wrap around him. Dean feels soft kisses on the top of his head and burrows in deeper.
His eyes soften around the corners, because Dean mentioned his daughter and it makes his heart beat hard in his chest. He goes on. “She said the five of us could have “Happy Ever After” together.” Dean raises his eyebrows and gives Cas a small smile.
Later, when they’re wrapped around each other and Cas asks him if he had a good Halloween, Dean answers without hesitating.
They settle in lawn chairs and stare at the flames, silence settling between them. It's comfortable and Castiel is thankful for it. Having Dean around has always calmed the storm in his mind and he realizes how much he’s missed it.
“Me too, Cas,” he breathes out, pressing kisses along Cas’ jaw. He leans down to trail his mouth along Cas’ neck and down to his collarbones where they’re just waiting for Dean to explore them with his tongue. Soft, dark hair is smattered across Cas’ chest and Dean drags his nose through it, and it tickles him, the sensation sending delicious sparks down his spine.
Prompt: Basket
Cas replaces his mouth with his hand as he works Dean through the rest of his orgasm, Dean just sensations now. He does notice when Cas’s mouth leaves his as Cas rears up to shove his pants and underwear down so he can stroke himself, his hot come mixing with Dean’s as it spills across his belly. Cas leans down to kiss Dean as he continues to stroke himself and fuck, Cas is hotter than anyone Dean’s ever hooked up with before.
“I don’t give a fuck, Cas,” Dean whispers back.
Their morning is next to perfect. Breakfast goes off without a hitch, waffles all around heaping with fruit and whipped cream, drenched in golden syrup and butter. Pug has his own feast of vegetables and waffles while his dads eat crispy bacon on the sly, their friend none the wiser.
“Says the guy too scared to call the hot coffee shop artist.”
“It made me so hard, knowing I’d be the one—” Cas grunts and stills his hips, his eyes burning into Dean’s. Dean sucks and rolls his tongue. Cas breathes deeply. “You are mine, Dean. All those other people can look at you all they want,” Cas grips Dean’s chin. “But look at us now.”
Castiel advances slow, fighting back his grin. He concentrates on the dark freckle on Dean’s chest. “You know you’re insufferable.”
He pushes into his building and fuck, Cas is here already. He’s sitting on Dean’s stairs, stretched out, long legs splayed across three steps as he leans back on his elbows. Cas looks Dean up and down without hesitation and smirks at him.
He sweeps his hands over the swell of Dean’s ass, drags his thumbs along Dean’s rim and up over his hips, eliciting a filthy groan from Dean. Castiel needs to make him do that again.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters. He slides one hand to Castiel’s hip and presses his forehead against the back of Castiel’s neck as he unlocks the door. The contact is burning him all over.
“Is he married now? Does he have any kids?”
When Castiel steps back inside and as Dean’s eyes find his, a slow smile builds on Dean’s face, getting brighter and brighter as he walks towards Castiel.
“I hope she was worth it, man,” Garth replies with a grin as Dean heads down the hall that will take him to the fields.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dude!”
He takes an extra moment to ground himself before his wind up and it's almost funny, the clarity that comes the moment the ball leaves his hand. As soon as he lets go, Dean knows it's a strike, just like he knows all Cas will need to do is open his glove and the curve ball will be there and the game will be over, and won with perfection intact.
“This was your mom’s. It's from her side of the family. Your dad never had much for this kind of thing and when he went to talk to your Grandpa Samuel about marrying her, your Grandma Deanna gave him that.” Ellen softens. “I remember after John proposed… Mary was so excited, so in love. Getting this ring meant everything to her, Dean. All she ever wanted was to be a mom and having you—having you made her dreams come true.” Pressing the ring box into his hand, Ellen sniffs. “She’d want you to give this to that boy out there, if that was something you were thinking about.”
When he looks at Dean, he thinks about changing that.
.・。.・゜✭・.・✫・゜・。.
“He’s a natural, I knew he was a natural,” Antoni muses. “He looks so good in there.”
Cas nodded. “I will.”
“If you're trying to take my mind off of tonight's dinner, it's working.” Castiel sounded strained and Dean reveled in it.
He laughs when Cas wraps his legs around Dean and Dean holds him when he stands to go up the stairs.
“That's friggin’ awesome, man. I brought my guitar, so we're totally going to jam. Can you play me something?”
“Do not use my mother’s illness against me, Gabriel. That’s low, even for you.” Castiel is pissed. “We’re done here.”
Castiel’s curiosity gets the better of him. “What do you have there?”
Cas, his awesome, kick-ass fiancé.
They’re walking side by side, so Dean can see when Cas’s eyes darken. “It was a tourist disturbing his nest that caused Crowley’s injury.” He clenches his jaw. “He was only days from his hatch and they removed him to take photographs.” There’s unmatched fury in Cas’s voice, and Dean can feel his own anger rising. “A local stopped them, but he was already hurt. His eyes weren’t even open, he was harmless—” Cutting himself off, Cas shakes his head. “I’ll never understand how someone could treat another living creature that way.”
While he waits to get in, Dean thinks of at
Dean wants to kiss him.
nonchalant, in Dean’s opinion. What's his daughter up to?
Dean flinches.
It takes Dean forever to get over there, getting stopped on the street for pictures and shit when all he wants to do is get to his boyfriend. It's fun at first but then he kind of adopts a Batman-esque commanding stride and people move out of his way.
The rest of their clothes don’t make it to the bedroom.
Music with a quick beat comes pouring out of her speakers, something synthetic with a man singing about the rent being due. Pug’s sniffing around Claire’s feet but his ears perk up when he notices the music, and the most curious thing happens—his little tail begins to whip back and forth, the long hairs on the end flying. His little feet start tapping and Claire snorts out a laugh. “He’s dancing!”
The tequila settles nice and warm in Dean’s belly, and he sips his beer as Donna surveys the now much more crowded bar. She takes another shot. “Okay,” she says, grimacing as the tequila goes down. “I had a real beauty lined up, but she was hot and heavy with some something or other by the bathroom when I went over for these drinks.” Donna seems sad for a second, staring wistfully at nothing before perking up again. “Buuuut, over on the other side of the bar is a
“In the kitchen!”
off the list? Nice. The monkeys always kinda freaked me out.”
Rowena and Jody hold up their plastic glasses with a, “Yup,” and, “Indeed,” in response to her question. Castiel isn’t sure what to say about that, but before he can put his foot in his mouth, Dean shakes his head at them.
They’d been talking about another pet, offhandedly and in total passing. It was just becoming increasingly hard to ignore the way Pug got on with other animals. Every time someone brings their pets into the store, Pug exhausts himself playing his heart out and after they leave, his mood dips enough for them to notice. They’d been considering a dog and only recently had Castiel mentioned maybe getting a cat instead.
Halfway into their senior year, Cas got accepted to Cornell. Over a thousand miles from Lawrence. They’d talked it to death. Cas didn’t want to accept, but it was the opportunity of a fucking lifetime and there’s no way Dean would have ever let him stay for
He unbuttons his jacket before he sits on the open barstool, observing the two bartenders at the other end of the bar, tending to the crowd. The taller of the two breaks away from his line of drinks with a whiskey on the rocks in one hand. He approaches Castiel and places the drink down on top of a black cocktail napkin.
Castiel knew one thing: He was in love with Dean Winchester, just as he had been every day since their first day of Freshman year when he met his new roommate, the boy who turned his entire world upside down with his smile.
any of it without you.”
Cas looks at him. “How did you know?”
have anything to share with the class, Sammy?”
“Get some air?” Dean suggests and Cas nods and grabs them two bottles of water as they pass the bar before leaving the area. Avoiding the entrance, Dean leads them to the back of the gym and through the swinging doors that take them to the locker rooms and outside to the school’s fields. Dean spent most of his time inside the gym with wrestling but Cas ran long distance and cross-country track and they spent a lot of time going to baseball and football games whenever they could.
Sam replies with a chuckle as he pulls the Jeep off the road, a bright yellow sign advertising
“Oh, Dean,” Cas moans against his chest. He surges up to kiss Dean, his wet lips slipping against Dean’s with a filthy slide of his tongue. “I love to hear you, baby.”
He’s checking his phone when Pug pushes his way back inside, preceding Dean as usual, the little pig always wanting to make an entrance. Castiel mostly ignores him until Dean arrives and lingers by the side of the couch, his arms behind his back.
Even though it doesn’t happen often, it does happen to Dean. No one is exempt from bad days, and even though he often thinks Dean can do no wrong, Cas also believes in statistics and math and Dean’s pitching stats don’t lie. His earned run average per game is always under three and has been the entire season. If more than three runs score off his pitches, that number would change, but Dean will go that much harder to make up for it. It’s just the way he operates.
Cas wrapped one leg around Dean's waist, one hand clutching the bedspread and the other tangled in Dean's hair. The whimpers falling from Castiel's mouth drove him insane. Dean pressed their foreheads together and let Cas catch his breath before pulling away.
Nodding, Castiel’s answer is lost in the joy of the crowd as they embrace, Dean holding him close, one hand in Castiel’s hair. Castiel still wants Dean to hear him say it.
“You do. Being with you makes me happy, Cas.”
“Ah, don’t let that old grouch scare you, he’s all bark. Likes to think he’s some kind of muscle for these things, but he’s just grumpy and anti-social.”
“Shall we get ready for bed, then?” Cas sounds… it can’t be nervous. Dean was ready to get pushed down onto the mattress but if Cas needs a minute, he’s cool with that. He slips his hand around Cas’ wrist, stilling the fingers still sweeping back and forth absently.
The night Cas slips through his window with a split lip is the first night Dean tells his parents that Cas is there without them finding out for themselves.
And it always will be.
Dean looks around the room and finally sees the pipe, a monster of a thing, sitting on the floor beside Cas. There’s a small, plastic container next to it with a white label and Dean picks it up, finding the weed inside. “Death Star” is written on the sticker and Dean wonders when buying weed got so… clinical. When he was a teenager, this shit came in plastic baggies.
He follows Cas like he said he would, and jumps.
“Wasn’t any trouble, Cas.” He grins mischievously. “Now that I know his size, I might have to keep an eye out for fashion items.”
Cas was still sleeping when he got back to the bedroom. Dean took a moment to appreciate the man in his bed. Cas had one leg sticking out of the blankets, his skin golden against the white sheets. His back was facing Dean, and his dark hair peeked out of the top of the blankets, sticking up in tufts, wild from sleep and their activities from the night before. He licked his lips before dropping his robe and climbing back into bed, pressing his body into Cas.
So quick Dean almost misses it, a smile flashes across Castiel’s face before he ducks his head to stare at his feet. “Yes, well, first my flight was delayed due to an issue with the engine and a new plane had to be sent. Then when I
Ellen noticed Jo standing around and gave her a look. “Jo, set the table, please.”
Good, Dean’s glad to know he’s not the only one bummed out by this random turn of events. He tries not to notice the still messed up bed he spent the night in. Which reminds him…
“Yes, Dean is from Lawrence, and I'm going to continue tutoring, so we will be around.” Dean felt warm hearing Cas talk about them, including Dean even if Inias hadn't asked about his plans. Dean tightened his hold around Cas. “Maybe we'll see you around.”
He held it out to Sam, eyebrow raised. “Care to explain, Cheech?”
When the two men pick him up however, he isn’t
Dean throws his head back and laughs. It makes Castiel’s heart pound. “Yeah, Cas. They’re all good.” Dean looks sun-kissed and Castiel catches a whiff of mint.
“Our friends wanted you to go to the dance too, you know.” Dean takes his shot, the whiskey burning as it goes down.
Dean perked up. “Oh yeah? Anything good?”
Castiel smiles up at him from under his arm, his denim blue eyes sparkling. “I’m going to tell Dean.”
Dean swirls what’s left in his bowl around. “So no music growing up, huh?”
“Cas,” Dean whines into his mouth as he grinds his hip into Castiel’s.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas sits; Dean's voice is already making him fidget. “No, I do not.”
Castiel sighs and turns back, assuming he missed some kind of early morning event that Donna’s holding. He’ll have to pay better attention to the community board, next time he stops in.
A warmth blooms in Castiel’s chest.
“I've grown used to it and take great pleasure in teasing him when it fails to get him what he wants.”
“The way you’re talking about him, Dean, he sounds—” Charlie considers her words. “He sounds special, okay?” Her eyes take on a fierce gleam. “We gotta make sure he is.”
The group groans.
Only the best.
Castiel sighs and thinks about loving Dean. How it always came naturally, how it was never hard even when it could have been. The years he spent away, being angry and hating himself for his weakness, how even then he still knew he loved Dean as much as he did from the beginning.
Cas smiles the rest of the night and Dean doesn’t even care when their friends look disappointed about prom. His mom is a different story and she lays the guilt on thick. She lets up when he reminds her that Sam will probably go to all the school dances he can so she’ll get her pictures then. Sam punches him in the arm but doesn’t disagree. She seems satisfied when he promises to wear a tie to graduation. It’s required but she doesn’t need to know that.
That Christmas, John buys the boys a set of walkie-talkies and any time Cas can’t sneak over to Dean’s, they stay up half the night talking between the toys.
In a daze, he barely registers Sam’s excitement. “You did it, you did it, Dean,” he babbles, his joy overflowing and piercing through the disbelief in Dean’s mind. Sam has to shove him away with a laugh, pushing him right into Cas’s arms, his hug quick but tight, his mouth brushing Dean’s ear not at all by accident, but done so well and with so much practice that no one around them blinks an eye.
He can do this.
“It wouldn’t hurt,” he whispers back, the asshole.
After that, their study sessions moved to the house the brothers lived in with their dad and his relationship with Dean began. It started with intense make out sessions; Dean pushing Castiel up against the wall anytime he would leave Sam’s room. Dean would wait for him in the shadows and when Dean would kiss Cas, it taught him what it felt like to be alive.
Castiel can’t help but look at Dean, wanting to see his reaction as much as he doesn’t because to Castiel, it wasn’t enough to just pass Dean in the park and even had it not been for their meeting, he thinks they would have met somehow, at some point. The glint in Dean’s eyes makes him think he’s not far off the mark.
Cas just gives him a smirk and climbs out of the car, slipping their driver some money. Dean knows Cas is ever the gentleman, insistent with his manners. It’s one of the many things Dean loves about him.
“I already have the number to a taxi company, don't worry. If it comes to that, I'll let you know.”
Dean’s fixing a new pin to the front of his maroon sweater, right next to his rainbow pin. Heart beating fast, Castiel peers down at it, gasping when he sees that the pin is of the store’s new logo: Pug sitting on a stack of books. It’s intricate and colorful and the perfect gift to commemorate the day.
One says “Watch me” and the other instructs them not to open until otherwise directed. They all exchange a look as Karamo loads the DVD into their player, hitting play as he settles into the couch amongst the rest of the men.
He couldn’t help but press kisses to Castiel’s broad shoulders. Cas stirred, a small moan falling from his lips. Dean snaked an arm around Cas’ waist and stroked his soft skin. Cas turned in his arms, a smile on his face. Dean slid one hand into his hair and laid the other flat against Cas’ back.
Disappointed, but knowing he can make a perfectly good pot of tea at home, where it’s
They cruise around for hours with no plan in mind, Dean driving until he finds a roadside diner so they can have some pie before he plans to turn the car back towards home. They spend their meal discussing the wild possibilities of their future, Dean talking about the enormous house he wants them to have and Cas just wanting somewhere big enough to work on their cars. And a swimming pool. Dean counters with a lazy river instead and soon, they’ve dreamed up a cliff side mansion with an indoor pool for Cas and a full service garage for them both and it’s stupid and silly and it means everything to Dean, to have Cas beside him for all of this.
Fuck. Why is it so bright? Fuck. What fucking time is it and where the fuck is he? These are all questions that come pounding back into Dean’s mind as the events of last night start sliding into focus. There’s also the fact that there’s an entire other person pressed against his back, someone who is making Dean into the little spoon, a position he was actually enjoying for a hot minute.
It’s not that Castiel doesn’t
Maybe that’s Castiel’s favorite of all the photos. A close second is the one where he and Dean happened to glance at each other. The camera captured the way Castiel felt in the moment, full of love for the man beside him, for giving Castiel so much to be grateful for and in the photo, Dean is looking at Castiel the exact same way.
Castiel took a seat at the bar running his hands along the smooth surface; it had been refinished in a gorgeous butterscotch maple wood. As Castiel looked closer, he noticed not only was the bar refinished, but the booths and small scattered tables had been done as well. Castiel smiled, he found Dean here after all. He scanned the bar and thought about the days they used to spend there. There had always been a Harvelle or two hanging around, Bobby and Rufus occupying a couple barstools, Ash sleeping on a pool table, Sam and Jo studying hard in a booth. It made Castiel sad to think they’d probably moved on in the last ten years.
Dean cups his best friend’s face in his hands. “What happened Cas? Who did this to you?”
Charlie looks doubtful.
Dean changes his mind. She’s not sweet at all, she’s just her father’s daughter.
Dean certainly is the best.
“You know what—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, babe, yours,” Dean pants out, his orgasm close and licking at his edges. Cas grips him at the base of his dick before he ducks down, his mouth engulfing the head of Dean’s cock.
, awesome for a guy their age and Dean wonders if Cas is still a runner, remembering his phenomenal ass in those little maroon running shorts they made the track team wear.
It’s later, much later when the police cars are gone and after Mary’s checked on them again, thinking both boys were asleep, that they sneak out of Dean’s room and sit at the top of the stairs, eavesdropping on Dean’s parent’s on the couch.
“Vincent Van Gogh. I'd imagine that feeling had something to do with
Dean’s always happy to fall.
A young woman enters with the envelope in hand. She’s dressed smart; a navy blue pantsuit with a stunning jacket that’s white with splashes of navy cutting through. Her flaming red hair is twisted in a knot on top of her head and black cat-eye glasses frame her eyes. The Louboutins she wears are from last season and much too impractical for a regular courier. Her lips twitch in amusement, like she can read Castiel’s thoughts.
. I watched him flirt his way to an upgraded suite just this morning.”
Cas tips his head back to look at Dean. He’s gorgeous; the fire light dancing across his cheeks makes Dean’s chest tighten. “Do you wish you’d gone? Would have been one of these big high school traditions you love so much.”
Dean gets a deep kiss for his trouble and he cards his fingers through Cas’ thick hair. Cas strokes Dean’s cheek with his thumb and hums into his mouth before he breaks them apart. “You’re incredible, Dean.”
Bobby moves them along to the kitchen and he breaks out in a huge grin when Castiel gasps at the remodeled room. The kitchen was already in the most decent shape of all the house but it gave Bobby great pride to make it even better for the two men.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Shut up, Dean. I can mend my own clothes, it’s just low on my to-do list, okay?” He looks past him toward the building Dean just came from. “I gotta grab a delivery, if you wanna climb in?”
Looking between them, Dean realizes that it's no kind of secret at all, that he and Cas are together, that they might be more than just best friends; enough so that Dean might need a ring.
Dean inches forward, wanting so bad to close the ever dwindling gap between them and Cas swallows noisily and closes his eyes.
The store is bustling, packed with customers, and family, and friends and aside from never seeing it this full, Castiel’s finding it hard to wrap his head around the fact that all these people are here, in support of him. It’s humbling, to realize how far he’s come, and how much he’s gained, just by returning to the place he always considered to be the closest thing to home he’s ever had.
Something twists and tightens in Dean’s throat. Cas won’t look at him and that’s worse, actually. Dean tilts his head down to catch Cas’ eye. “Hey, it’s okay, I didn’t ask lightly, believe me, I get it.”
“We were all thinking it,” Tan agrees firmly.
Castiel can’t move when Dean turns away, his perfect round ass on display, the black garters stretching over his firm ass to hook into Dean’s panties. He’s incredible.
“Ten years ago, I watched you drive away from me. This ring was in my pocket. I was going to bring you here and ask you to marry me. I wanted to wait for the perfect moment and I thought graduation night was it.” Dean chuckled. “What I
“Thank you,” another kiss. “As I was saying, Mom and Uncle Cain did not get along and he fucked off to Missouri which my mother used as an opportunity for punishment whenever I, ‘acted out’”. Cas manages air quotes in their awkward position and Dean raises his eyebrows. “She would send me there for the summer and I don’t know what she was thinking because those summers were the best of my fucking life, Dean. God,” Cas’ voice shakes. “They were perfect. I learned so much about bees, about art, about fucking
“In the middle of my back, there’s a bow. Untie it,” Cas instructs with a low growl to his voice. “You’ll unlace from there out.” His voice hitches on the last word when Dean kisses in between his shoulder blades.
They've perfected celebratory hugs down to mere moments, but for this, they both enjoy the extra indulgent seconds.
Dean smiles a fake smile at Sam’s reflection and slips his phone out of his pocket. He slides his thumb over the screen to unlock it, the locking noise making Charlie whip around in her seat.
He’s sprinting halfway across campus when the KU carillon bells start ringing, signaling the top of the hour and Dean cringes with each toll, counting each one and dreading how long they’ll ring, echoing out just how fucking late he is. If Dean had time, he’d breathe a small sigh of relief when the bells stop after seven loud gongs, signaling that he’s only a half hour late. His dad’s still gonna have his ass because by the time he gets changed and actually on the field, it will be more like an hour.
Cas pulls him tighter, a hard line pressing against his body and more specifically, against his ass. “You and your gorgeous, half naked body within reach whenever I want it.”
Dean checks his watch and it’s only ten, so he decides not to bother Jack and break him out of his groove. The kid thrives on his routines and organization, which is why Dean knew this project would be perfect for him. He goes back to the kitchen to scoop out some of their guacamole onto a plate with some chips, leaving it with a glass of seltzer for Jack, just inside the door to the garage.
Jimmy stares at Castiel for a beat before he glances at his watch. “I’m late. Amelia doesn’t want you to be a stranger, but you can’t bring that animal with you.”
head, attracted to his blue hair, Castiel bets. He learns his name is Einstein and that his mom is a huge fan of Supernatural.
Dean jumps to his feet, stuffing the ring box into a pocket of his jacket, his mom's letter going into the back pocket of his jeans. He's halfway out the door before he spins back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dude, do you have to eat every time you call me?”
Dean beams at them and hugs his brother before Sam does anything else weird. “Sammy, you said Sarah was gorgeous and you weren’t lyin’!” He slaps Sam on the shoulder before extending his hand to Sarah who’s smiling wide at them.
“Yup. If you don’t answer the question or do the dare, you have to take a shot.” Cas grins wide and any resistance Dean had melts away. “If you’re interested in getting drunk, I’d say the odds are good.”
When she finally calms down, even though it wasn’t
“Welcome to Kennedy Elementary, gentlemen,” she greets them warmly.
The woman waves back happily with a warm smile and goes back to feeding her birds.
Lydia was supposed to be there, with
“It’s beautiful,” Castiel insists, not appreciating Dean’s tone. “You
Pursing his lips, Dean gives his head a slight shake. “No, I think I’m adorable.”
Castiel nods tightly in response.
here and I’d prefer if she spent her time focusing on her education. Academics was important to both of us, so I trust that you’ll support me in this.”
When Dean Winchester is eight years old, the Novak family moves in next door. A mom, a dad, and their son who just so happens to be the same age as Dean. He sits on his front porch and watches the moving van pull up, watches the dark-haired boy climb out the backseat of a silver car, watches as scared eyes grow wide.
The Little League field where Dean played his first game of baseball sits in the darkness as Dean leads them to the park where it's located. He spent hours upon hours of his childhood here, and it was this field where Dean first dreamed big enough to imagine himself pitching from a mound in a Major League Baseball stadium. Dean felt like a stupid kid back then, but today proved all his doubts wrong, didn’t it?
A gleam in his eye, Cas casts aside the laptop so he can tackle Dean down into the sheets. Laughter bubbling out of him, Dean wraps his legs around his honey and accepts the kisses Cas covers his face and neck with, Dean running fingers through Cas’s curls and kissing back as much as he can.
He’s too busy to notice Ellen pull Gabriel to the side and whisper in his ear. He also misses Gabriel grabbing Dean by the arm as he steps out of the bathroom only to drag him outside.
God, Dean’s missed this, he’s missed
Cas replies with a laughing emoji.
“All right?” Cas murmurs as he kisses along Dean’s jaw, tender brushes of his lips.
“You got it, Ro,” the man calls over his shoulder, his voice deep but warm, comforting, like a cup of tea after a rainstorm. “I’ll be back!”
Maybe they're divorced. Maybe Cas got dumped, like Dean. Maybe they just don't wear rings and she's waiting in their perfect, designed by Cas, big, white two-story house, sitting pretty in a Chicago suburb for her handsome husband to come home. Or maybe she is a him and they used a lovely surrogate for both their kids.
Dean thinks it can’t get any worse until Thursday, when Novak shows up in the middle of his office hours. He checks his calendar to see the next thirty minutes blocked out for the man in front of him, rocking on the balls of his feet, a pleased grin on his face. Novak locks the door behind him and drops his bag before he’s pulling open his pants and taking out his dick.
“And what? Huh? Castiel doesn’t owe you shit, Dean. Don’t think for a second that he does.”
Dean was reluctant to let Cas go when Monday rolled around. He woke up extra early to pack Cas lunch, knowing Cas wouldn’t have time to stop and eat. He also wrapped up a bagel and filled a thermos full of coffee to take on the road. Cas blushed when Dean held his little care package out to him as they walked to their cars.
something inside the box
He ducks his head. “Well… this is kinda my first real gig?” Dean stares straight ahead, but he can see Cas turn to gape at him. He hurries to explain, giving him the Cliff’s Notes on juggling night classes and a full-time job he hated. Cas squeezes his hand when Dean rushes over how long it took and he’s nodding when Dean explains the hard time he was having finding an open, full-time position before Sam called. “I substituted a few times though,” he says, wanting to assure Cas that he’s not totally incompetent. “Had a history class, a math class, a
(See the end of the chapter for
Everyone enjoyed the lasagna, complementing Dean’s skills in the kitchen. Charlie was quick to let everyone know she helped. Eight o’clock approached quickly, and Cas followed Dean up to the front, telling him he wanted to sit at the bar so he could watch Dean play.
Jo brings another round of beers and that’s when Castiel notices he’s been alone awhile. He looks around, confused. Jo must take pity on him.
Cas is blushing when he turns back to the coffee pot. “How do you take your coffee? We have time for a cup before our reservation,” he explains.
“I’m serious,” Dean insists. “At first, I thought it was weird but with Cas, it’s different.”
The smile drops off Castiel’s face and his eyes grow wide. “What? Is he supposed to—I don’t think I can—”
Castiel drags his eyes over to him when Dean makes a loud, over-exaggerated throat clearing cough. He turns to him properly when the mischievous smile on Dean’s face makes him suspicious. Tilting his head, Castiel narrows his eyes. “What are you up to?”
Dean laughed. “Hell yeah, we are. I think next time we do this, we'll make it a group trip. Sam was bugging me about coming, too.”
“Deaaaaan. You need to watch this!” Sam points at his laptop and with another roll of his eyes, Dean looks at the screen.
probably wasn't there, but never thinking for a second he might not be driving her anymore.
“You. You just make me believe anything’s possible.”
Mildred breaks the spell she herself weaved and Dean’s smiling down at his feet when he turns and busies himself by doing what he’s told and grabbing them two bowls of ice cream from a nearby table, manned by a face Castiel knows—Cain, if he’s got the name right—the honey man. He smiles at both of them before Dean turns back to him, a blush fading from high in his cheeks.
It’s a place Castiel’s all too familiar with.
She places the envelope in front of his clasped hands resting on his desk. “Your presence is requested,” she raises an eyebrow. “Sir.”
"Do you like what you see, my love?"
have done was ask you while we were walking around campus and the sun made your eyes glow in a way that made me feel warm, or when you would stretch your legs over my lap when we studied in bed, or at The Roadhouse while you helped me do the dishes.” He squeezed Cas’ hand tighter. “Maybe if I'd seen that every single moment with you
One last confession said into the space between them. Something swells in Dean’s chest and he has to kiss Cas, has to kiss back this tidal wave threatening to pull him under.
“Cas’ dad hit him and his lip is bleeding because he was trying to protect his mom. His parents fight all the time dad, and he’s really scared.” Dean is crying now. “I got the ice for his lip and he didn’t want me to tell you, but his dad shouldn’t hit him, he shouldn’t hit his mom and I don’t know if she’s ok and—” John cuts him off by grabbing him under his arms and sweeping him into the living room.
All the guys whistle and tease Castiel about his car, a 1978 Lincoln Continental, painted gold of all things.
It makes heat flush through his body as he follows Dean outside and Castiel’s thankful for the spring evening that greets them, a cool breeze blowing through the trees and down the street. A few dead leaves linger in his small courtyard but Castiel doesn’t see any of it because he’s following Dean into the light and it’s like his hair catches
“Did you get a bath, sweet boy?” he murmurs, going to put on the kettle but pleased to find it already warming for him. He turns to Claire, thankful.
Dean falls back to the bed, laughing at the absurdity of them knocking their heads together at this exact moment. Cas is rubbing his forehead and laughing into Dean’s mouth and fuck, it’s the best moment of his life. He’s still smiling as Cas pins him with his gaze again and Dean is suddenly aware that Cas is naked and on top of him and holy shit, this is really happening.
“Nah, he’s good, great actually. Got a real smart wife, Eileen. Gave me a badass niece, Mary and another on the way, matter of fact. Eileen’s due in December.” Dean takes his phone out to find the last photo Sam sent so he can show it to Cas. “Sam’s a lawyer, got a nice big house out in Los Angeles.” Cas looks away from the photo Dean’s showing him, the last family photo Sam sent, announcing Eileen’s pregnancy. They all match in white t-shirts, jeans, and bare feet on a beach. Sammy went out and got himself a slice of the apple pie life and Dean’s happy for him.
Castiel trades stories in kind, highlights of adventures with his uncle and brother, of visiting different parts of the city and the surrounding boroughs.
“Just trying to get you to relax a bit, sunshine.” Dean continued to kiss the curve of Cas’ neck.
The whole time they’ve been walking, their hands have hung in the space between them, barely brushing but still connected by some invisible current that Dean could feel but not see. It made the back of his hand tingle.
They occasionally let Sam join them, and he would root for the other team just to piss Dean off. Dean didn't really mind; the annoyance was worth it when he drove them home with one of the cassettes Cas made for Dean on the stereo. It’s a mix of songs and, as always, one or two tracks were of Cas playing something on the piano, recorded in one of the school’s music rooms. His cover of
Dean made a disgusted noise in the back of his throat. “Mess? Nice, Sammy.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean reached behind them and grabbed a grocery bag, dangling it in front of Cas. “S’mores?”
Seems like his new friend has the same idea. “Do you want to go back to my dorm? It’s right down the street.” He makes his offer between kisses, spread across Dean’s mouth. Dean returns each one as he nods and lets himself be tugged out of the shadows. He’s a bit dazed but has enough sense to tug Donna’s braid and mumble something about calling her tomorrow, getting a peace sign thrown at him, Donna too busy to come up for air to say goodbye properly.
Castiel sat between Dean's legs as they watched the sun set, back to chest. Dean's chin hooked over Cas’ shoulder and his arms wrapped around Cas’ waist, hands under Cas’ shirt, slowly tracing patterns across his stomach.
Claire pours a vinaigrette made with maple syrup, dijon mustard, and a balsamic vinegar they bought from the Kline’s stand over their salad and it’s sharp, spicy scent fills the kitchen. Mixed with the citrus of the mandarin oranges, it smells delicious.
“Bobby said he’d come down and that I’m welcome to go visit anytime she needs work done. He showed me some basic maintenance stuff when I picked her up. Gotta keep her in good condition.”
and takes off running again.
It was difficult to kiss when they’re both smiling so wide.  They giggled, the combination of sugar and the rush of emotions making them both a little giddy.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the letters?”
Dean glanced towards the living room and noticed Sam and Jo pretending to not listen. He rolled his eyes and looked back towards Ellen's expectant face.
“No, I’d like for you to—”
“He doesn’t even know what snow is Dean, how could he be trying to avoid it already?” Castiel raises an eyebrow as Dean plucks Pug from his arms so he can wrestle him into his blanket.
“I know how expensive college is and I know money is tight but I want you to know that if you choose to follow my wishes, I’ll pay for your schooling. I’d consider it a fine investment in your future and the future of this family.”
Castiel shakes his head, but it doesn’t discourage Dean.
Dean finally catches up to why Castiel is in a panic and he laughs. His whole body is shaking with it and what the hell?
Cas sighs and pushes his plate away. “Dean, you know I regret saying that.” He looks down and twists the white hotel sheets between his fingers. “This week has been awful and I know you’ve been worried. I have too—I just—”
Dean is pulled from his thoughts when Cas comes to a stop, opening the door to a houseboat and pulling Dean inside. Cas has him pressed against the door before Dean even hears it click shut.
It was a terrible idea and it was Dean’s fault; it was too soon, obviously, and now what?
time to kiss you,” he says, tugging Dean closer. He can smell the whiskey on Dean’s breath. He tilts his head. “May I?”
Is it possible to extend time? Dean wishes it were true because he’s having one of the best conversations he’s ever had in his life. A few steps down the path, Cas picks up their music talk where they had left off, and Dean swears he fals harder for Cas with each step. Coupled with matching Dean fact for fact in the music department, Cas peppers their conversation with facts about their surroundings, and all the animal noises of the jungle.
Dean raises his eyes to Cas’ in the mirror. Both of them have wide, dark eyes, pupils dilated. Cas’ hair is mussed, sticking up in peaks like it always is, the locks wild around his head. He’s ethereal, the
He’s just this cute without even trying, it’s crazy.
her to go because he thought it was a waste of time and not “beneficial to her bright future,” whatever that means.
“What,” Dean hisses in an attempt to dissipate some of it.
Prompt: Bikini
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean teases her back. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” He stands, and Castiel follows, nodding at Ellen.
Instead, Cas drops his hand and shrugs off his backpack. “There’s something at the top I’d like you to see, but then we can come back down here for lunch.” So that’s what’s in there. Cas takes a few steps off the path, bending over a fallen log to stash the pack, giving Dean too much to look at in the process.
Dean’s still smirking at the camera when the video cuts off.
“Cas, Cas, oh fuck—babe—”  Dean’s choking on Cas’ name and he’s boneless when Cas crawls back up his body, taking his time to let his mouth linger in all the dips and curves of Dean’s body. It makes his blood hum and each drag of Cas’ lips against his skin makes Dean feel alive.
“Pigs have a sixth sense. He knows it’s gonna be too cold.”
Dean talks about hit counts and fan conventions and admits to having custom robes made for both of them and Cas listens to every word, laughing every time Dean tries to be funny and asking leading questions that send Dean on tangents with more anecdotes about his amazing daughter.
He frowns. “Clearly, the gossip mill doesn’t work both ways. I need to have a talk with that girl.”
Dean brushes it away with his thumb, just wanting to bring Cas peace. “You matter, Cas. You—you know you’re everything to me.” Cas’s eyes soften when Dean kisses him again. “My sunshine. When I look at you, I see my whole goddamn world. Doesn’t matter where we end up.” A corner of Cas’s mouth tips up as he closes his eyes, accepting the kiss Dean gives him. “I want you with me always, whether we stay together in the shadows or out in the light. I don’t care, Cas, as long as you’re there.”
his great big objection to Claire spending time with him. Personally, he’s thrilled to be close to his family again and having Claire in his day-to-day life has been wonderful.
He also sends the photo to Claire and hears a squeal from the other room when she opens it. It’s not a surprise when the bathroom door gets pushed open, Claire flipping down the lid of the toilet so she can sit down with what’s left of her sandwich.
Some smiles on the kids faces falter.
” She gives the salad a final toss with the salad hands, using them to serve heaping portions of the finished product onto the plates Castiel put out for her. “He was really obsessed with knowing if you prefer red or green apples after I told him they were your favorite.”
“Something like that,” Dean huffs. “Been callin’ him that since I was a kid, anyway.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Claire’s my niece, you’re thinking of my brother, Jimmy—her father.”
Dean looks back at his captors. Charlie is wearing a dreamy look on her face, her chin propped in her hand. Sam looks—confused.
, but since it wasn’t, he just made sure not to wear anything but long pants from then on. It’s not like it was hard to avoid shorts, but he should have known that moving to an actual island slash rainforest would have gotten him into a pair of shorts at some point.
The other side of the room has a pool table (a housewarming gift from Cas’ brothers and sisters) and a huge sofa so they can sit and read, or fold laundry, or any of the other hundred things Dean imagines them doing together as a family.
“Cas, there's no way in hell you're sitting on any surface in this bunker until you shower. I'll leave some clothes out for you, you leave the suit and the trench in the bathroom. Might be easier to just burn them.”
. As obnoxious as that is, Castiel considers it time to formulate his argument. Who knows what the next few weeks are going to look like for Claire and he supposes he can expect a few more sleepovers in her future.
“Dean—”
now. He didn't need Castiel and his fucked up priorities, his callous decision making, and his lifelong track record of selfishness. Dean deserved better than what Castiel could offer.
Dean enjoys catching up with his kidnappers. They talk for awhile about their games, Sam’s upcoming finals, and Charlie’s LARPing. She’s trying to talk them all into joining her one weekend this summer. Dean’s already thinking about his costume.
Claire’s smacking her lips, her food eaten, and she hums happily. “That was really good. Maybe Dean knows what he’s talking about.”
Castiel picks up the top pan, his eyes wide as he turns the old plate in his hands. “Dean shared Mary’s recipe with you? But—no one knows that recipe but him and Miss Mildred.” He looks up at Antoni, his blue eyes brimming with tears.
Sam is gone but Cas is still at the top step, a blank look on his face as he watches Dean climb the stairs.
It’s Bobby that does it, clearing his throat loudly and breaking Castiel and Dean’s gazes. “We have one more space to explore,” he singsongs. He’s looking up at the ceiling, reminding everyone that the attic space is still up there, waiting to be discovered by the group, and more importantly, Castiel.
“Sweet! Ok, let’s play.”
He finishes them and mails them and doesn’t tell Cas.
Uncle, I heard what he said. No one starts a sentence with
There’s an edge to Cas’s voice that sets something prickling under Dean’s skin.
And a chance to be near his little brother again.
Washington Square Park is beautiful in early spring and walking through it every morning, rain or shine, has come to be a bright part of Castiel’s day. He loves to watch people go to and from different corners of the park, families out for walks with their own pets, couples walking hand in hand down the shaded paths. It’s a place where people come to relax and enjoy the company of others and Castiel’s always happy when he sees the joy people share, considering the darkness in the world.
“Of course, Dean.”
His mom won’t meet his eye when he turns towards her. “Dean, honey, you know I want you to be happy and if this isn’t what you want—”
Castiel is staring at the phone when Gabriel snaps his fingers in his face.
As the two men get nearer, the music and hum of the small crowd grows louder and Castiel’s pulse quickens. One arm out to allow Castiel to precede him, Dean’s grin widens as he greets the man guarding the entrance. He’s a little on the rough side, an older gentleman in a dirt-stained trucker hat and denim overalls, sitting in a lawn chair and flipping through a magazine. There’s a bunch of yellow balloons tied to his chair and swaying in the evening breeze, sunny compared to his cloudy disposition. He gives them a disinterested look as they approach.
“And if anyone wonders where I got my sarcasm…” Claire stands to clear their plates, Castiel chewing his last bite after his smart comment.
Sam nods and steers Sarah through the crowd, his big hands dwarfing her shoulders. Dean scans the room for what feels like the hundredth time and still doesn’t see Cas. He’s sure he’s off with Meg doing god knows what so Dean’s gonna head to the back after he grabs a beer. Thank fuck he’s next in line, he could go for a shot or ten.
“There are photos, aren’t there,” he states, not bothering to hide his excitement. “Please tell me there are.”
As Castiel situates them, he jostles Pug enough to wake the pig and make him snort irritably before he curls into a ball in Castiel’s lap, burying his nose again in a fold of his coat and going straight back to sleep. While Castiel sits and waits, he realizes that, unless he’s missed a glaringly large part of Donna’s menu board each time he’s come in, she doesn’t actually
Music Credit:
“I know, he's coming over around lunch time.”
The last item he takes from the cabinet below is a small, handbound notebook containing different hand written recipes from Antoni’s personal collection. He hands it to Castiel with a twinkle in his eye. “You can decide if you want to share it with Dean or not.”
Dean laughed as Castiel put his bag down and kicked off his shoes. “I dunno, babe, but apparently, people on this floor 'ship' us. Whatever the hell that means.”
“Butt loads,” Dean says, shaking his head. From the one with the bird to the filter app, Dean could never keep up. He’s only heard of Instagram because of Facebook posts, but he bets between the two of them, he and Cas could figure it out. If worse comes to worse, there’s always Google. “I don’t have accounts, but I bet it can’t be too hard to figure out.”
Time gets suspended and they get tangled in it, their former classmates disappearing as they kiss and kiss and kiss and remember what brought them together in the first place.
Dean laughs.
Turning as casually as possible, all Dean sees is an incredibly hot guy who is definitely smoldering slash scowling at another dude, who’s leaning over the bar and trying to get the attention of one of the three bartenders. Scowly guy rolls his eyes and even that’s hot and Dean can’t help but take another second to look, noting that the guy’s wild sex hair and striking cheekbones have a lot to do with his high hotness factor.
Dean barely hears her say okay before he's climbing into the basket next to Cas. The ride  starts and Cas winds their fingers together again. He doesn't kiss Dean until they're at the very top. Dean doubts he'll ever come down after that.
Cas nods and then he’s kissing Dean, his free arm going around Dean’s shoulders to pull them closer, kissing him until Dean can’t see straight. Dean’s sunglasses are crooked when they pull apart, but Cas is smiling again, so it’s no big deal at all to straighten himself out after that.
Castiel finished making the s'more and passed it to Dean. “Ok, tell me how I did.”
Castiel throws his door open and steps into the sunlight.
Cas relaxes at that. “Of course, Dean.”
The mural is painted above the brand new Young Adult section.
“What’s going to happen, Dean? Do you think… do you think your mom will let me live here if—”
Neither of them speak about it, but Cas knows Dean’s mind is whirling as he takes the mound, and both men are re-calibrating Dean’s upcoming pitches to compensate as the next player steps into the batter’s box.
Dean sighs against Cas’ mouth when they meet again, their lips swollen and rosy but still, their kissing doesn’t stop, slight brushes of their lips met around their matching smiles.
Sarah is awesome. She's funny and she teases Sam and makes him laugh, and she's really fuckin’ smart. She’ll keep Sam on his toes, that’s for sure. Dean can't imagine a better partner for his brother. And his boyfriend has a big ole crush on her and Dean thinks that's adorable.
he was expecting
Oh, and sell the car he won’t need in the city.
“Okay now, don't make me wanna show off for ya,” Dean jokes, an attempt to ignore his lingering nerves. He's only three strikes away. About to say something inappropriate, Dean’s interrupted when the music inside the stadium changes, and catches his ear. They like to play videos and games when the team needs breaks or between innings and since no one is paying attention, a commercial rolls, its music track playing the overly sentimental
He hears them before he sees them, a sniffing noise in his ear alerting him to a small presence.
Cas looks at Dean and fucking beams and Dean's thankful he's wearing his sunglasses still.
It’s them, on their first Christmas as
“Okay, let me just—”
“No—”
Dean’s mouth is suddenly dry and he takes his own drink but he does it way too fast, carbonation snaking up the neck of the bottle to tickle Dean's nose. He has to move quickly to avoid sneezing on Castiel and
He brushes their lips together before leaning back some to study Castiel, emerald eyes glittering. “Just can’t get enough, huh?”
Dean rips it into a thousand pieces.
Castiel sat back down on his bed and watched the scene in front of him with a fond smile.
He unbuckles his belt and drags his zipper down. Dean’s eyes fly open at the sound and he zeroes in on Castiel as he pulls his cock out of his pants. Castiel’s eyes flick between his own weeping cock sliding between his fist and Dean’s face, his pupils blown wide as he watches Castiel fist himself.
friendly when they get together and drink. Been kinda keeping my distance so I’m sure they’d like to find out why.”
So Dean waits. He reaches for Cas, untangles his fingers from the sheets and puts them in the empty spaces between his own. It’s where Cas’ hands belong, holding his while he waits.
“Time to take her on a proper date, buddy. Flowers, tablecloths, the whole nine. Come on, make me proud.”
“Are you serious?” He’s sincere with his question, maybe the most solemn Dean’s ever seen him. Gone is the mischievous graduate student, smarter than Dean could ever dream to be and a man Dean’s grown to love. In his place, someone who is suddenly taking things very seriously.
“Wow, Sam, real romantic.” He takes a drink of his beer. “Have you taken her out?”
They meet at the hotel Cas and the kids are staying at, both of them deciding this was the easiest thing for now, considering the long day they were about to have. He’s rummaging around in the Impala’s trunk, making sure he has everyone’s makeshift weapons for the day. Dean got put in charge of them; foam swords for him and Cas, a dagger for Emma, a kickass bow and arrow for Claire and a magical staff, as requested by Jack.
Dean drives them home, Cas under his arm and the lights of the Bay Bridge shining in their windows. Cas looks ethereal under the white light and Dean holds him tighter, sighing when Cas tips his head up to kiss Dean’s jaw.
He’s far away, recognizable by his bright hair and Castiel loses him a few times in the crowd. So intent to seek him out, he barely realizes Garth has joined them, taking the seat next to Castiel with a large grin on his face. Castiel hasn’t seen him since the farmer’s market, but he received his official co-op membership cards in the mail just that morning.
“Are you seriously proposing that Indiana Jones was irrelevant to his own story, Dean? Even for you, this is absurd.”
“She really did,” Castiel agrees. “But thank you for allowing her to come in. I’d rather not keep this a family secret any longer.”
Dean nodded and waved goodbye. He had the best family in the world.
“Great show, good energy up there.” Sam gives his shoulder a shake before he guides them to the dressing rooms. “Great crowd too.”
Dean nods and locks the door behind them, listening as Charlie goes on and on about her favorite brunch spots.
Dean swears Cas is trying to kill him dead.
it, Dean. You always believed I could and now it’s happening and if it wasn’t for you—”
“Would you just shut up and kiss me?”
It gets him through the next four hours, that’s for sure. Cas hasn’t called, he usually does when they’re driving and Dean’s pacing up and down in their suite for a good forty-five minutes before the lock beeps on the door and he can finally fucking relax.
“The mosquitos here are a lot more aggressive,” Cas complains, leaning against Dean as he settles onto the big buffalo check blanket, fussing at a wrinkle before he throws his legs out, one of them hooking over Dean’s.
“Fuck no,” Castiel pants, shoving his hips up into Dean. “I can wait a few more months.”
feeling like the center of Cas’s attention. Dean doesn’t want it to stop.
“Oh. Yes, well, Claire has school so we wouldn’t be traveling until the summer, anyway.” Jimmy takes the contract and places it back inside his briefcase before he clears his throat. “Speaking of which, Claire, it’s time to get home, you have school tomorrow.”
“Emma does too.”
talking. Dean’s gonna hear about that tomorrow.
“Third week of July, maybe? We'll be done with school by then and ready to unwind,” Sam answers.
He turns towards the fountain, in need of a moment to compose himself and catch his breath. Being this close to Dean makes Castiel’s heart do things it hasn’t done in a long time and it’s just as terrifying as it is exciting. He pulls at the rumpled front of his shirt, clenching his jaw in frustration at just how messy he can be, wrinkled despite his best efforts.
that urges him to clarify for Claire’s input.
Sam’s voice from the doorway makes Dean jump. “He seems comfortable here.” Dean turns to see Sam looking around his room, more
Cas guides them to the restaurant Sam picked out and Dean’s happy when they pull up to a cute little Italian joint, Blue Line Pizza. Sam and Sarah already have a table out front and they both stand as Dean and Cas approach.
can do and things they might want to see.
“Well, don’t thank us just yet,” he says, a sly grin on his face. “Dean’s out there.”
The drive over has Gabriel asking questions Castiel guesses he’s been holding in all night.
“What?” Charlie asks. “He really liked the picture, huh.” Her eyes shine with laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
you this morning?” He tickles under Pug’s hairy chin and keeps his voice low, so as not to disturb Claire further. “Did you have fun with your cousin last night?” Pug pushes his wet nose into the curve of Castiel’s neck as he climbs up to nibble Castiel’s ear, still wiggling so not succeeding at all.
“Come on, we put you in the right terminal this time!”
Dean perks up at that. “Blow job?”
“What were you thinking, coming to class like this,” Dean asks between drags of his tongue.
Castiel looks out the window and watches the white line of the highway pass him by, never breaking.
They fucking did it.
Sam can blame the cow who he’s shooing away with practiced gestures. Dean can't help it when he laughs.
“You said something different.”
Dean reaches for him but pauses. “Cas, not to be a prude or nothin’, not after what we just did but uh, where are you stashing our forks?”
he’s a lucky son of a bitch.
“Hello, Officer.” Fuck, Dean had almost forgotten how gravelly Cas’ voice is. His stomach flips in response to it.
“Well, he did an amazing job restoring her.”
He’s sauntering to the open seat in front of Dean’s desk—fucking sauntering, this guy—and he looks Dean up and down as he passes, a slow smirk growing on his face.
Dean slows as they reach the food tents and he points out a few different booths, including one for The Roadhouse, being manned by a young, dark skinned man who points at Dean in acknowledgement when they pass.
Sam is what matters. That's the way it's always been.
Despite the number of people he’s met and spoken to, Castiel isn’t feeling overwhelmed in the slightest. As they break away from the bigger crowd, he takes a big breath of fresh air, enjoying the cool, spring air in his lungs.
“Awesome,” Dean breathes out and off they go. He nods at a few people as they walk, but Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s hand this time. They don’t talk much on the walk back to Castiel’s house, but Castiel doesn’t mind. The silence between them is comfortable, both of them full, happy, and content to enjoy the cool morning breeze, lingering on the heels of the storm that passed in the night. Castiel glances up at Dean’s hat and can’t help his curiosity.
When Sam woke up with no lasting damage, he wouldn’t look Dean in the eye and didn’t talk to him again until he got out of rehab (the worst year of Dean’s life for anyone following along at home). The only contact and relief Dean had was in one, brief visit from Sam to show Dean that he was okay, tell him he quit school, and that instead of becoming a lawyer, he had joined Greenpeace.
Dean’s all smiles when the boy
Dean taps the list of songs. “You listen to that Cas, and I promise, everything will start making sense.”
Dean knows he’s in for some kinda brother to brother chat soon. Maybe he’ll take Sammy to a baseball game, let him get it all out in nine innings. He pats Sam on the shoulder as he passes, implying they’ll talk later.
Cas asked for at least five months, at Claire’s request, so she could graduate with all her friends. Dean and Emma sat proudly in the stands to watch her graduate with honors, Dean clutching Cas’ hand the whole time, until it was Claire’s turn to walk across the stage and then the four of them made more noise than anyone else the whole day.
“Free beta testing!” Jonathan jokes.
Dean grimaces and looks up to see Cas wearing a hesitant look. He's trying hard as hell to look nonchalant but he's failing. Dean's eyes flick down to Castiel's left hand, wrapped around his beer.
“Dean, no!” Cas reaches out quickly, grabbing Dean by the wrist. He receives a bitch face that even Sam would be proud of in response. “Why not Cas? It might sting you!”
From the moment Castiel expressed his desire to move forward, Dean was on board. Instead of letting Castiel hire the same company that completed the previous remodel, Dean insisted that Bobby and his crew would handle it, and the day after Castiel closed his uncle’s business for good, a group of rather large men arrived with tools and paint and a lot of noise and Castiel swears he saw Rowena casting a spell in their direction, most likely in the pursuit of some peace and quiet. Bobby’s men work fast however, and within two weeks, the work is complete.
Jack nods and checks his watch. “That should be plenty of time. Goodnight, then.”
(See the end of the chapter for
to have a good time. When the invitation came, Dean had chucked it straight into the trash but by some kind of miracle (or the quick and clever hands of his sixteen year old daughter), the Save the Date was stuck to their fridge the next day. Dean had gotten into the habit of glaring at it while he drank his morning cup of coffee.
“Alright, enough, you idjits!” Bobby’s voice boomed over the parking lot.
Donna beams at them. “Well, that’s what I like to hear, we will hold you to it! Enjoy the rest of your night!”
“Which is why you’re not going to tell her.”
“You’re so hot, so fucking good at teasing me, making me desperate for you.” Dean grinds their hips together with another pull on Cas’ nipple. “I need to taste you, god, I need to fuck you, Cas, please.” Dean needs Cas, needs him to know how good Dean’s been, waiting for this moment. Waiting for him.
Dean’s fear and his ability to speak disappears as they round a bend in the pathway and the falls appear.
“Yeah, Cas—fuck—finally.” Dean wraps his arms around Cas’ thighs as he fucks into him, slow at first so Dean can enjoy the way Cas feels constricting around his cock. Cas huffs with every punch of Dean’s hips, a little breathy sigh that shoots straight to Dean’s belly with every single thrust. “Wanted you since I saw your fucking beautiful dick in the middle of class.”
Something shifts in Sam's eyes as he smiles. “Why do you think I made you come here?”
“It was a nice touch,” Castiel concedes.
“Well, we could do this all night,” Dean muses. “How about we just hug it out?”
) but Donna keeps disappearing with a cute blonde with a pixie cut that Dean already approved of, and even through his drunkenness, Dean thinks it might not be a bad idea to bail. His bed sounds better and better, the more he thinks about it.
All Dean can see from here is dense, green rainforest, but there’s a slight break in the trees with a path marked by another sign he can’t read from here. Having no idea what to expect and loving the thrill that comes with it, Dean nods enthusiastically. “Let’s do it.”
at him, her eyes dancing with excitement. “Have fun,” she says, her voice loud enough to address them both but her eyes glued to Castiel’s. She leans in and drops her voice to a teasing whisper, “On your date.”
Cas snorts. “Yeah, right.” He shakes his head and drops his eyes to the space between them. “No one cared if I went or not, trust me.” He spins around, settling back against Dean’s chest. “They’re your friends anyways.”
Karamo lifts his own drink. “And as always, remember to trust your instincts. Our biggest hurdles are usually our own insecurities so don’t forget to remind yourself that you’re amazing, and brave, and worthy of an equal partner.”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “You want there to be a next time?” He does. Dean thinks he’ll try forever if Cas lets him, that’s how bad he wants this to work. That’s how much he believes in them.
and Dean is so fucking proud they could do this with their family watching.
Cas grins and guides Dean’s hand so it’s pressing against his hard cock over the smooth satin. Dean kisses his neck and palms Cas’ dick and Cas is making these sweet fucking sounds in his throat and fuck—Dean wants to get them home, now.
“Rowena, Rowena MacLeod, so nice to make your acquaintance.” She floats back to her front door, waving a small hand, her long dress swishing behind her. “Good evening, Castiel.”
As she talks, Castiel’s extracted Pug from his bath, the little pig wrapped in his navy blue towel, his nose twitching as he snorts and snuffles along to Claire’s story. Castiel likes to think it’s his way of chattering and adding his version of things.
Cas moves to give him privacy and Dean stops him without even thinking about it. “It’s our good news. Stay?”
“It was fine.” Gabriel didn’t know Dean stayed the night. Castiel doubts he’d be pleased.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “It’s not that bad. As long as we all properly bundle, we’ll hardly notice the cold.” He wishes the hat he’s knitting was complete, but he knows they have plenty of beanies and jackets in the closet that will suffice. Dean’s just being dramatic.
Castiel is three shades of red when he unlocks the car in a hurry, sliding into the front seat, mumbling under his breath about someone named Sam. Karamo swears he hears the word
Anytime he'd finish a task, Bobby would find Dean up in the attic going over the new additions to the room, intent to make sure Castiel’s new work space was perfect. Bobby had finished everything he needed to do the morning before but Dean spent much of the night making sure all the drawers were organized correctly, making adjustments where he saw fit.
It makes sense though. Ever since Cas came into Dean’s life, he’s stood beside him, a solid force, the bedrock of their foundation and if it hadn’t been for Cas deciding not to ignore Dean’s dumb note, they might not have fallen for each other so many times, over and over again, and goddamn it, life without Cas is a life Dean doesn’t want. Ever. Not in a million different universes.
Happy DCBB 2018!
“How do you feel about
“Would you please shut the fuck up,” Cas sounds muffled. Dean smothers a laugh.
He finds his breath and with it, the distinct memory of his first time ever pitching, eight years old and terrified, with no knowledge of how to throw a baseball, and only the hope that he could get the ball all the way to home plate. He didn't have any faith back then, and losing his mom only made Dean lose more trust in what was good about the game, in what was good about
Castiel is pulling on his grey peacoat, his trench far too thin for this weather, and is about to reach for his navy blue scarf (Dean’s first completed knitting project) when Pug comes hustling out of his room wearing one of his new, and very fancy flannels. This one is a pattern of blues and greens and Pug looks adorable in it but it’s obvious by the way he keeps peeking over his shoulder as he scurries to Castiel’s side that he’s trying to get away from—
do to help.
They roasted the marshmallows side by side, Cas quickly figuring out he liked his a little more toasted than Dean. He was on his third one when Dean noticed that Cas had a little fluff on his nose.
Dean startles when smooth, strong hands slide over his hips. One of Cas’ hand makes its way around to Dean’s stomach, his fingers playing at the waistline of Dean’s new panties.
“Now I’m gonna tell you exactly what I told that other idjit when he came back: not everyone gets a second chance. There’s so much damn misery in this world, you should hang on to any happiness that comes your way.” Ellen moved next to Bobby as he spoke, and he wound an arm around her waist. “Whatever you decide, Dean, you have our support.”
They’re made of stardust, and magic, and everything Dean never thought possible.
in his dorm and, based on how bright it is, he’s definitely fucking late. Practice isn’t set to start until nine, but his dad had insisted on an early morning run and wanted Dean to meet him at the field at six-thirty.
Charlie kept him in the loop, sending Dean pictures of them getting ready, Charlie looking bad fucking ass as Harley Quinn and Gilda making a sexy Joker. Dean loves a good gender bend.
He strips Cas down and then takes him apart, dipping his tongue into every curve and crease of Cas’ body until he’s open, and warm, and ready for Dean to sink into and when he does, Dean swears the entire universe shifts around them, parting around Cas’ sweet moans as Dean slides in and out of him, slow and burning hot inside and out.
Dean wants to stand here and enjoy him. But he can’t. He has to go put on shorts.
each grabbing at the other; Castiel with one hand grasping Dean’s shirt and the other tangled in his hair. Dean’s hands feel like they’re everywhere and Castiel burns where Dean’s fingers brush against him.
get it back.
“Think you can come on my cock?” Cas asks, his voice dark. Fuck, Dean doesn’t know if he can but he wants to try. A for effort and all that.
John stays cold and silent while Dean follows Cas inside and starts the car. He doesn’t flinch at the roar of her engine nor when Dean throws her into reverse, making sure he’s clear of the man he thought he once knew before he guns it, and gets them the hell out of there.
Dean levels his gaze with his reflection and runs a shaky hand through his hair. “Nut up, Winchester,” he mutters to himself before finally pushing the Impala’s door open, the squeak of her hinges reminding him to run to the hardware store tomorrow for some WD-40. Dean tugs his shirt straight, still unsure about the blue and red flannel Emma insisted looked great over the dark grey shirt she picked out for him. The shirt is tucked into Dean’s nicest pair of jeans, no holes or random shop stains, and he’s wearing his brown boots that are the least scuffed.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Gimme the damn shot, Cas.”
It’s all Cas has to say, all Dean needs to destroy any lingering fears Dean might have about losing him, or fucking this up and they spend so long wrapped up in each other that they deserve the dressing down Ellen gives them for arriving halfway through dinner.
that their current catcher, Benny Lafitte has been looking to switch to left field, the wear on his knees getting to be too much. He’s been mentoring Cas too, this spring, and Dean’s sure that can only mean good things for them, if Benny wants to make a move. He’s a veteran on the team, so if he thinks he found a replacement behind the plate in Cas, then all the better for them and their chances.
Dean gets lost in it, lost in the feeling of Cas’ warm mouth, in the happy noises he makes in the back of his throat, sounds Dean wants to hear over and over, little slips of happiness Dean wants to make louder. The urge to lay Cas bare is so strong, Dean has to stop himself from pressing him down onto the hard bench, just so he can taste his skin. Cas seems like he’s having the same idea, his hands clenched in Dean’s flannel, fingers twisted in the fabric while his mouth slips away from Dean’s to trail kisses down his throat.
It’s something he never grew out of, not really, not even in school, Castiel always the one to sit in the back of the class and end up in the group that just needed one last person. Even when he was dating Inias, he thought they preferred to stay in, until Inias changed his mind about that. About him.
“Yes, it's fine. No one has ever given me a nickname before. I like it.” Castiel smiled shyly. “That was nice of your family to help you move in. Do they live close by?”
“I did.” He can hear the smile in Cas’ voice. “I’ll be working here for a month or two. I arrived last week and rented a place in the Tenderloin, right on the river. Not far from Madison Square Garden, actually.”
think. And you know where my heart is, you know who it belongs to and goddamn, I hope you know how much that means to me. How much you mean to me.” It’s easy to be this honest with Cas, after everything they’ve been through.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not even when you were in the army?”
throw is the fast ball Cas suggested first, except this one is wild and in the dirt. Cas has to scramble to capture it with his thighs, closing them quickly and using his frame to keep the ball where it is, caught between the outside of his glove and his left leg.
The beer bottle is cold when it presses against Dean’s back because Cas is kissing him and gripping him tight and Dean thinks that might be a yes?
There's two extra tickets; one for Gabe coming from Ohio that leaves a half hour later, and one from Chicago where Donna lives that leaves an hour earlier. She moved there a year after Dean and Cas were drafted, following some pretty, dark haired yoga instructor. After that ended, Donna stayed and became a cop. Dean already knows she has the weekend off and a plan to order too much Chinese takeout while binge watching Game of Thrones so he's sure she won't mind the change in plans.
Dean pretends to think for a second. “Mmm at
Dean hopped on one foot as he struggled to pull his jeans off the last leg. He huffed, annoyed at how small the dressing room was while he eyed the pile of clothes on the tiny bench to his left. Cas had insisted that he try on everything he had picked out, silencing Dean’s protests that he just needs one pair of trunks and that this isn’t that big a deal. Cas had turned those baby blues on him and all the fight went out of him. Dean suspected that puppy dog look was just a trick to get his way but he folded every single time anyways. He grabbed the first pair of shorts with a sigh.
They finish their dinner in silence, Claire reading on her phone and Castiel going over his options again. He can’t keep up the way he’s going, the few hours he has at the warehouse just not enough, if he wants to finish going through the inventory anytime soon. He’d only been able to locate half the boxes on the pages he wanted to complete today and it’s been like this since he started. Castiel’s been jotting down thoughts about a better system but everything’s on paper, his uncles computer a relic and pretty much useless to him at this point.
To say Tan is surprised when Castiel grabs him and pulls him into a tight hug is an understatement. “Thank you,” he says fiercely, his cheek pressed to Tan’s.
Dean regretfully steps out of Cas’s arms, which also found their way around his shoulders, and he turns to Sonny, his voice carrying from the other side of the patio railing. Their coach is grinning as he makes his way up the couple of stairs that lead to the wrap-around patio Dean and Cas are huddled on, taking their call away from the still celebrating bar. He heads straight for them, Dean already reaching his hand out to shake Sonny’s in thanks, first and foremost.
“Castiel, now that you’re here, I’d like your—cooperation, for lack of a better word,” Jimmy clears his throat. “With Claire. She still isn’t speaking to me for the most part, unless it’s about your move and I assumed that once you’d arrived, this would resolve itself, now that visiting you in Washington is null.”
“Good day, sweetheart?”
” Dean squeezes his hand and Castiel’s regretting his choice of words
They catch up to their group, finding everyone circled around a basket of French fries and talking about prom. Dean grabs a handful of fries and passes half to Cas.
What the hell else is he supposed to think? Before, all he knew about them involved acid trips and orgies and the thought of Sam partaking in anything like that was cringe worthy. Sam assured him there were no drugs allowed every time Dean teased him, and Dean believed Sam wasn't over here tripping the light fantastic every night. He never has gotten a straight answer about the orgies, though.
Their Village is full of the most interesting people.
“You’re asking for trouble in that getup, Cas” he murmurs, kissing him quick one more time before they pull away from each other, much to the relief of their kids.
“I thought you got all freaked out because you wanted to go.” Dean rubs his hand over his mouth. The rabbits squirm to escape from their raising voices.
“I’m all set, daughter,” he reports. “You sure you’re okay with this?” Usually when they have a weekend, it’s been on the calendar for a long time and plans are in place. Emma stays at Donna’s or Alex sleeps over their house but this weekend, Donna and Jody are at a sheriff's conference up in Minnesota, which means the girls will be home alone.
known he’d be meeting a lot of new people but in all the time he spent thinking about the intricacies of Dean’s invitation, he forgot to think about how bad he is at this type of thing.
Dean lifts Castiel’s shirt to get his mouth on the miles of skin Castiel was flashing at him during class. His licks and bites at the hard lines of Cas’ stomach and Castiel writhes below him.
Perched on a stool with a steaming mug of coffee in one hand and her cell phone in the other, Claire grins at them as Castiel pushes the door open and Pug comes scurrying through. She puts her cup down and stands so she can scoop Pug into her arms as Castiel shrugs out of his coat, extracting the gifts from Dean and placing them on the side table under the mirror, next to a slim glass vase that wasn’t there before, the yellow daffodil Dean brought him sitting there happily. His heart flutters as he runs a finger over the soft petals.
Dean seals their lips back together, and Cas relaxes into him. He settles next to Dean, both of them turning to face each other where they lay. Neither want to separate so they’re sharing a pillow and Cas’ leg is slotted between Dean’s. Cas is holding his hand again and finally, the tears Dean’s been fighting all night are rolling in big fat drops down his nose.
The video cuts to two empty plates—only crumbs and swipes of ketchup left behind—an almost empty bottle of whiskey, two tumblers, both half full, all discarded between the two of them. The pie Castiel baked is there too and all formalities are non existent because they didn’t even bother with plates. It’s just two forks jammed into the middle of the pie and now Dean is holding the camera and pointing it at Castiel who’s wearing a playful scowl.
Dean grins, pride in his profession clear on his face. “Well, y’all came on the perfect day,” he says with a wink before his attention shifts over to the students and the layout of tables they share, three in a triangle shape, five to a table. “Every Monday morning, we play games. Cas’ games, to be exact.” The source of Dean’s pride shifts too. “He’s made about ten different table top games for my classroom over the years, tweaking them as he goes. Today it’s
Dean clears his throat. “I’ve been looking into some programs for mechanical engineering but I haven’t really made any decisions.”
“We should just run away.” Dean doesn’t. Rambling something ridiculous seems to be the better route to go. He’s an idiot.
“Yeah, yeah moose, whatever you want. Talk to y’all tomorrow.”
It’s only a few more steps until they reach the ridge, and Dean’s surprised to see they’re not even halfway up the mountain when they emerge into a clearing. The river cuts out from the trees, jumping and sparkling in the afternoon sun, winding down and disappearing over the side of the cliff, leaving only open air and white mist in its wake. Beyond the falls, nothing but emerald green rainforest, the ocean sparkling in the distance.
Jimmy does a double take at the tiny, pink pig snuffling at his feet and wagging its tail. “A pig? You have a pig?” He quickly steps away, like Pug is capable of what, Castiel has no idea. Getting hair on his suit, probably.
“You are recognizing your value, Castiel and that is so powerful. You are ready to go out there and get everything that you want,
The gorgeous laugh that tumbles from Cas’s mouth when Dean surges up into a sitting position and wraps Cas in his arms makes Dean soar, and he doesn’t hesitate to take control and fuck up into him, as deep as he can. He smirks and sucks at the back of Cas’s neck when that laughter turns into stuttering moans.
“Thanks, Cas!” Charlie and Jo are listening from the front stoop.
“We met for coffee a few times before class.” Dean can tell Sam doesn’t want to talk about this so of course it’s all they’re gonna discuss.
Cas always is.
Still
Castiel carries none of the stress he arrived with when he wraps Dean in his arms and slides his knee between Dean's legs. Dean pushes back, like if he tries hard enough, he can melt into Castiel and Castiel tightens his hold on the man to encourage him.
The blue, smiling Hasbro logo is prominent above the name of the game. Castiel’s game.
“Claire, you started to unpack? You didn’t have to do that,” he chides fondly. “Can I order us a pizza to say thank you?”
“He does love his fashion,” Castiel replies, appreciating Dean’s attention to detail.
“He swears he would have been able to tell.” Jo tries to lean around Dean enough to snap a picture, frowning when he steps in front of her and uses his hand to block the camera. “Come on, let me get proof,” she complains.
daddy and—and you didn’t have
The afternoon turns into evening after that, Dean and Cas both fielding phone calls and doing interviews most of the time. It's non stop exhilaration, and Dean's practically swaying on his feet by the time his phone stops ringing. There aren't many people left in the bar either, and Dean's glad for the quietness. Even the TV's are muted, a replay of the draft still playing on every screen, both of their college player photos flashing on the screen occasionally.
Cas huffs a laugh against his lips. “Every damn day since I left, Dean. Every single day.”
“Perv,” Dean whispers and Cas nods as he climbs into Dean’s lap with a laugh. “Remind me to show you the R Rated sketchbooks.” Now it’s Dean’s turn to nod and he slips his hands around to Cas’ ass and squeezes before lifting his chin to accept Cas’ kiss.
“Hey buddy, I’m diggin’ those robes.” Dean hands over the wooden staff. “How’s it look?”
, Cas looks
Their bacon cheeseburgers arrive then, the attempted bee homicide quickly forgotten.
The path slopes down and after a curve or two, Dean bursts through the trees into a slight clearing, only to be yanked into another kiss. Cas is laughing as he nips at Dean’s lips and before he can get a good hold on him, Cas is slipping through his fingers again and back into the brush.
“Don’t worry Cas, Robin’s a badass and he eventually gets his own spin off. A few actually,” Charlie muses, apparently over it.
“What is it, sweetheart?”
Cas always played whatever he worked on for Dean once they were back in their room. They split their nights between the dorm and The Roadhouse. Cas crashed on the couch, and Dean slept in his old room with Sam. More often than not, Ellen would find Dean on the couch the next morning, wrapped around Cas, sleepy smiles on their faces when they woke.
Castiel turns slow, the sound of his nickname rolling off Dean’s tongue making him forget how his legs work. The way Dean says it makes it sound brand new, like it’s the first time Castiel’s ever heard the shortened version of his name. He wants to hear Dean say it again.
He tosses his phone on the table and drops onto the couch next to Cas. He’s still sketching and Dean takes a peek.
Claire’s talking fast and when she isn’t drying a dish, the towel is flicking into the space in front of them with her enthusiasm. She’s like her father in ways Castiel’s sure she doesn’t realize.
“So, new guy, Rowena tells us you grew up here? She was pretty tight lipped about everything else, but she usually is, ain’t that right Ro?” Ellen sits in the empty chair next to his neighbor.
“Ah, maybe next time, right Cas?” Dean glances at him and Castiel nods.
“Oh, that’s where you’re wrong, bucko. It
He cups his hand over Dean’s and guides it down and over his thigh. All night Dean’s been pawing at them, stroking and squeezing Cas’ thick muscles any chance he’s had. He does it now and Cas moans, like fire licking into Dean’s mouth. He guides Dean’s hand higher, higher until Dean’s hand is under his skirt. Dean swallows, thick and his chest heaves. He doesn’t need Cas’ help anymore and Cas’ hand drifts up and away, over Dean’s shoulder and around the back of his neck.
“You can't, come on Dean!” Charlie actually looks pissed.
Dean tried not to panic. He tried the whole way home, a ride Emma slept through which he was grateful for, because Dean was fucking
“Aww, Joanna Beth, you love me.”
“Today is my interview,” he states, nervously tugging on his tie. “I’m ready, the final draft of my game was submitted to the team a week ago and it looked good, I
Castiel raises his eyebrows and tries to fight his smile as he takes the white bag Dean’s also juggling with the happy pig. He opens it to find a few wrapped sandwiches and a paper box with Pug scrawled on top. When Castiel pulls it out, he notices another familiar name in the bag and he takes out the sandwich brandishing it.
Both the bag and the onesie are made from a similar, soft fabric and Castiel tucks them inside his coat while Dean makes himself busy with a long drink of coffee that he’s trying to use to hide his proud smile. He
“I already want to burn that hideous coat,” Tan comments dryly.
and this was theirs. They both thought the world didn’t understand them, as most teenagers do and it connected them, shared angst and anger over parents that let them down and siblings that didn’t get it. Dean only had Sam but Cas had a whole slew of brothers and sisters and an absent dad and his house was nonstop drama back then. Dean’s glad to know they all came together to help him out when he needed it.
“Well, I think I’ll get upstairs, it was lovely to meet you…” he trails off, realizing she never gave him her name.
A conversation he had with Missouri on her last day in Lawrence gives Dean hope. She was confident Dean was exactly what the Royals were looking for, and it was then that Dean didn’t hesitate to confess the truth behind his talent.
On Wednesday, Dean wakes with the hardest morning wood he’s ever had. It takes his cold shower a long time to get the blood down. He thinks a few strokes will take the edge off but Dean gets distracted by his own hand and the image of Castiel on his knees and he’s almost too late to stop himself but he manages by flipping the shower back to cold, dousing his desire.
Dean covers his own mouth. “Shoulder's heatin' up.” No use lying, Cas will see right through him. “Just got to thinkin’ about you rubbin’ me later.”
When he returns home, Castiel is tired, he’s filthy, but he still takes a moment to greet Claire and Pug, sitting together on the floor in front of the couch. Claire has headphones in and Pug’s laying on his back, feet kicking in the air while Claire scratches his pink belly. She acknowledges him with a wave as he heads towards the bathroom.
“Cas, you're just making it worse. Oh my God, it's getting everywhere.” Dean chuckled as Cas tried to rub the mess from his face, only resulting in spreading it around in random places. He decided to intervene before it ended up in Cas’ hair.
They eat in silence, Cas even leaving off the TV, and Dean goes over his ideas again. He considered a Harry Potter marathon but isn't sure if this also meant, hey, come see my house or, let me in your private family space and thinking about it got too complicated so he scratched it.
“Oh, he loves those snow peas you found, we took some on our walk.” Claire sets the bags on the counter and pulls out the styrofoam takeout containers. Their dinner fills the kitchen with the smell of garlic and lemongrass, and the curry makes Castiel’s mouth water. He dishes out food (vegan—Claire’s recently cut out meat so wherever they eat, it has to have vegan options) for them both while Claire finishes prepping a cup of tea for him and some seltzer for herself.
“What? How?”
Straight and to the point. Dean’s here for it. “The list is long, so it’s probably best we get started.”
Dean's cheeks burn, Cas’ attention making him hot. Tears prickle behind his eyes.
Fucker.
Dean scoffs, “excuse you, I’m a gentleman.” He stops them and pulls Cas to him, Cas melting into him without hesitating. Dean slips his hand under Cas skirt and gropes him, letting his fingers drag against the curve of his ass.
Castiel maneuvered the truck into one of the open parking spaces. The Roadhouse looked just as it did ten years ago aside from a fresh coat of paint. The sign was still the same, and if Castiel looked hard enough, he'd probably find some of the same people camped out front smoking cigarettes on the open porch.
The knots in Dean’s shoulders loosen. He huffs out a laugh. “Can’t blame you there, your animals are awesome.”
God, Cas’ mouth is amazing. He flicks his tongue with just the right amount of pressure, teasing Dean’s nipples and dragging his teeth across Dean’s ribs. Dean twists up to pull his shirt off, knowing the low moonlight will help hide his insecurities. Cas looks beautiful in it too, his hair blue and wild. He lowers his head to dip his tongue into Dean’s belly button and it tickles, Dean’s breathy moan becoming a breathy laugh and Cas smiles against him.
Dean lets go of Cas’ hair and slides his hands over Cas’ shoulders to lift him up. He runs one hand down Cas’ long, firm body and takes his cock in hand, matching his strokes. Cas reaches up and buries his hands in Dean’s hair, his gorgeous body stretched all the way against Dean and Cas comes when Dean sinks his teeth into his fleshy part of his shoulders.
They always talk like that, unspoken promises exchanged, knowing the follow-through will eventually come. They are not scared of devotion. The only thing that bothers Dean is not being able to share this with Sam. He’s pretty sure he won’t give a damn but then, he thinks of how long it’s been, how long Dean’s been keeping this secret because that’s what they are—a secret.
“Again, yes,” he says, somewhat impatiently. He’s tired of explaining and checks his watch to see that it’s in fact, six-thirty and in the interest of being mostly on time, he wants to start walking now. A tiny voice in his head argues that
It’s no one on their team’s fault; the Yankees pitcher is throwing just as good a game as Dean. It doesn’t matter how many hours of footage they watch, no one can predict when a pitcher is going to have a good game. The same goes for bad days. A pitcher could be at their peak performance, wake up on the wrong side of the bed, and throw so bad he gets pulled from the game after two innings.
Dean scowls at her and motions over towards a few of the empty booths with his chin. “Go grab us one of those, will you? Think I bring you along just to look pretty?”
Dean told them all what happened, his story confirmed by Cas, but John kept himself away all on his own, Bobby not given the chance to ban him like he wanted to. Dean worried about him being back home with Sam, but even after Ellen and Jo went home, John did the bare minimum. According to Sam, he was never around. It was another small miracle on top of many, but even now, Dean waits for the other shoe to drop. He has, ever since John left Tennessee and even more so in the year since Dean’s been home and once his dad hears this news, Dean’s sure he won’t be able to resist showing up.
He took the stage and gave his speech to the gathered crowd. Dean was distracted by Cas sitting at the bar with Sam standing there, leaning in to talk into Cas’ ear, one hand on his shoulder. They were smiling, Cas blushing a little as Sam talked. He finally looked up at Sam with serious eyes and nodded before turning his attention back to Dean.
Dean kissed him softly. “It’s September 18th, Angel. The day you came here, the day you saved me.  And you haven’t stopped saving me since.” He kissed the tear that had slipped down Cas’s face. “Now make a wish.” He held out the plate with the pie and the birthday candle.
The tin can deposits them right on the runway, and stepping off the air stairs, Dean resists the urge to kiss the tarmac and slips on his aviators instead, grabbing his duffle from the pile of unloaded cargo. It’s resting against a box labeled
She’s engulfed from all sides by five men happy to see her.
For now, he has these glimpses into his families past.
Dean nods because Emma deserves to keep hearing the truth. If she asked him to give Cas up, he’d do it for her but doing so would tear him to pieces, and she needs to know that too before she asks.
On the night of prom, Dean picks up a pizza and stops at the video store to grab all three Indiana Jones movies. He tries to get in and out without Gabriel noticing him but fails miserably.
which is how the Latin words break down into a naming system. It’s all stuff Dean would otherwise have no interest in, but Cas seems to make just about anything sound interesting to Dean.
He busies himself with pouring them some iced tea and hopes that when he turns back to her, his cheeks are not as red as they feel hot.
“Hell yeah, the Discovery Channel rules.”
“Dean’s students made me these cards, wishing me luck and I’m bringing them all with me. I feel very lucky to have so much support and thanks to all of you, I look good and I feel the same.”
He shakes his rump as Castiel washes his back and when he noses at the bubbles, they tickle his little nose and make him sneeze. It’s the sweetest little noise and Castiel laughs, tells him, “bless you,” and pulls out his phone.
Cas’s proud smirk against his hip makes Dean need to open his eyes, and he’s not disappointed even a little when he does.
“Oh, don’t worry about that hon, I could have too. Sometimes it’s just nice to smile and nod at a person and have that be enough.” She looks between them with a knowing grin. “Sometimes it’s not, though, is it?”
Dean is wearing a matching maroon v-neck and Castiel licks his lips in appreciation. He looks delicious and Castiel looks forward to seeing all those clothes on his bedroom floor tomorrow morning.
Dean leans in. “So, how did you want to thank me?”
“Then you know.”
“Is tonight going to be your first night on the couch?” Cas is pouting and not giving in.
They end up in the trash because there’s no point in trying.
Cas is already distracted and kicking his shoes off before the bathroom door shuts behind him. Dean orders breakfast and goes over his speech in his head about making this work and trying again. He even has some ideas to throw out there.
have to hide anything from anyone.
“Just a little somethin’ from us. Use it when you go get the stuff for your room, ya hear?”
“Hell no,” Dean answers, scowling in the direction Sam went as Cas puts the jeep into drive. He tucks his damn feet in to be safe and tries to forget about his dumbass little brother. “Sam’s just an idiot.”
“It feels like we've been waiting forever. I'm so ready to be your husband, Dean.”
Cas caught Dean’s eye and winked as he told his new friend goodbye. When Dean drove them straight back to his apartment without saying a word, Cas knew something was up and instead of leaving Dean to stew, he pressed him to find out what was wrong. The rest of the night was awful; Dean shutting down while Cas yelled at him to get his head out of his ass. They had one of those fights where they each laid it all out in ugly words and cutting insults, things they’d never dare utter to one another in any other situation. Things that simply weren’t true, said in the heat of the moment.
around. Castiel’s cheeks are warm and Dean’s eyes flick around his face, amusement dancing in them as he closes the space between them. “Is it okay that I’m here? Thought I might catch you two before you left, see if I could join you on your morning walk but it looks like I missed it.”
four.” Dean clarifies. “And it’s fine. Really.”
Dean doesn’t seem to be thinking about any of that when he throws a clean fifth inning. His first out is earned by a fly ball to first base, no one needing to move besides Cas to back up the first baseman. By the time Cas gets back behind the plate, Dean’s on the mound and ready to throw, and he looks
That makes Cas huff out a wet laugh, one that Dean matches because
“Then you take the marshmallow and put it on the chocolate, cover it with another Graham cracker, and slide the stick out.” Dean demonstrated, making a perfect s'more on his first try. He handed it over to Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I swear Mary, he shows his face here again, I’ll kill him myself.”
“She said he was drunk, that his drinking has gotten out of control since he was laid off from the plant. She was making excuses for him, Mary.”
Him and Bobby carry it from the workshop over to the side of the house that faces west, that way they can sit on it and watch the sun set for years to come.
Dean shook his head and smiled. He never could get anything past Sam. “Since the day I saw him at The Roadhouse.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, his nod encouraging Castiel to turn so he can follow and, because Dean’s a gentleman, he waits an extra few  seconds before flicking his eyes down to check out Castiel’s ass. It looks
There’s no way in hell Ellen would let either of them get away with any of the shit they’re up to tonight at
He sends the picture to Cas and sets it as his lock screen.
Castiel can only call back a soft thanks to the man’s retreating form. He watches and his cheeks flush when the guy looks back at Castiel right as he’s about to leave the park, that mischievous grin still on his face.
Dean hopes Cas doesn’t notice when he steps closer to him and away from the edge of the trail. He’s not here for snakes.
“I met someone.”
Well, now Dean doesn’t want to go anywhere. He shakes his head slowly, keeping eye contact with the guy as he tips up one corner of his mouth. “Not anymore.”
Emma comes out of the bathroom, blowing her nose and shaking her head. Her eyes are rimmed red and Dean hates to see it. “Are you sure you’re okay? I can stay.” He nods and reaches for his bag. “I’ll stay.”
“Personally, I thought that kiss was a little more than just a
“You know, you might be a little nuts, marrying me. People will talk.” It’s clear Dean’s joking and it makes Castiel smile.
“Here, Sammy. This is to celebrate you getting your own room.”
“I was actually worried about that shotgun Bobby pretends isn’t under the bar,” Dean mumbles. “But I don’t care, Cas, I just wanna marry you.” He does kinda, sorta care, but that doesn’t outweigh how badly he wants them to do this. Still… “Do you think we should wait then?”
His phone is buzzing in his pocket once he hits the ground floor. He pulls it out and grins.
“Do you have a glove? I have an extra if you don’t. It might be big because my dad uses it but that’s ok.” Dean runs to the porch to grab his glove and his dad’s. He looks at both before deciding on something. “Tell you what, I’ll use my dad’s and you can use mine, ok?”
“Yeah, well, Ellen’s gonna kick your ass regardless for not stoppin’ in.” Bobby accepts Dean’s nod and thankfully, drops the subject when he eyes Castiel. Castiel can feel every sweep of his imploring gaze. “Who’s your friend?”
That wakes Castiel up. “Dean? I thought—”
“And then I had to check into my hotel and shower, and change a few times and well, yes, I’m here—finally.”
“They’ve already contracted me for five additional games, out in time for the holidays. I haven’t told anyone yet, not even Dean and I’m on my way home to surprise him. I’m going to cook us dinner and—I’m going to tell him everything.”
“You kids know Bobby and I were both married before. When I lost Jo’s daddy, I felt like I’d never be right again.” She pressed a kiss to Jo’s head. Dean knew Jo’s dad passed away when she was a baby, but Ellen rarely talked about her first husband. “I miss him and I see so much of him in Jo. But I never imagined I’d fall in love again, let alone with a man who was such a good friend to us both.”
like it,” Jonathan calls out, breaking the tension between the two men that was threatening to take over the entire room. Almost on instinct, Dean drops the corner of the jacket and both of them take a step back.
Cas glanced at him, a small grin on his face.
He listens as Jimmy tells his daughter the abridged version of events. He hopes it’s the last time he has to hear it, if he’s being honest. It breaks his heart all over again to watch silent tears slip down Claire’s cheeks as Jimmy talks.
“This is
“Our own crazy haired welcome wagon,” Ellen confirms, making the ladies laugh and Castiel looks down at his lap and smiles. It’s no surprise to him that Dean’s this welcoming to everyone, it confirms what he’s suspected about the man all along. Dean is kind hearted, and Castiel’s glad to know him, a sentiment he’s sure he shares with many in attendance.
Squeezing Castiel’s hand, Dean smiles softly at him. “Then let’s go home.”
Cas stops flipping lights off, leaving just the lights on around their bed. He tilts his head. “You’re easy to fluster.” He messes with his phone and the sound of Lo-Fi hip hop filters through the room.
Cas’ sigh is heavy, like it weighs a thousand pounds. “I wasn’t—look, one rejection letter is bad enough. But eight?” His shoulders slump. “I only applied to ten schools, you know that.”
“Nerds.” Dean smiles fondly. His brother and best friend might be giant dorks but they’re his giant dorks. “And for your information Samuel, I was thinking about calling him today.”
Castiel can’t help it and he smiles into his cup of tea. “It went really well.”
They waited too long for a table to eat food that wasn’t even good while their kids stayed glued to their phones as their dad’s stared at each other and silently freaked the fuck out while making pathetic attempts at getting them to interact.
Until his eyes zero in on exactly who is getting ready to pull a catcher’s mask over his face and cover the lips Dean was sucking on half the night.
Now, with their palms pressed together and fingers threaded, his whole hand thrums.
Cas skirt still sits on his hips and Dean runs his fingertips under the waistband, Cas sighing into the darkness.
“I’m not weird,” he finally responds, pushing around the remaining food on his plate. “And neither is Dean. And he wasn’t asking me out on a date.” Castiel hopes the finality of his words is a clear sign that he
Castiel prays Dean finds what he’s looking for.
Castiel would too. Dean doesn’t elaborate and it adds more questions to Castiel’s ever growing list of things he’d like to know more about. They don’t get an opportunity to talk more because Dean seems to spot whoever he was looking for and they begin to make their way through the crowd.
Castiel groaned. “He’s going to be insufferable, I’m warning you now. He will insist on planning everything.” Castiel put a hand over his eyes. “It’s not too late to back out, you know.”
“Just trying to think up some last minute excuse to give my father.” Castiel grimaced, looking towards the entrance doors.
“Yeah, we have; we
“Do you really think he loves me back?”
Four years went by and suddenly, Castiel was graduating and Dean's band was taking off, opening for bigger bands and getting picked up to join a tour with some of the hottest artists in the industry.
As if the day couldn’t get any better. Until Dean slips the perfectly sized engagement ring on Castiel’s finger and the rest of it is a blur.
He considers his brothers request. It’s unfair of Jimmy to ask that of him, to make Castiel into the villain that refuses his niece’s request to spend time together. They’ve never had the chance, the majority of their relationship literally spent over the phone, and spending time with Claire is one of the things Castiel’s most been looking forward to about all of this.
Facetime was their best friend (and Dean had a sneaking suspicion the two of them were on their way there too) and they were always chatting. Last weekend Dean came home and Eileen was teaching Cas how to make a traditional Irish Stew she learned from her mom. Dean ate good that night.
doing that. Have you been to the new stadium? It’s badass.” Dean’s eyes shine with excitement in the cool light of the morning and Castiel can’t help but think him beautiful, distracted by it before realizing that Dean’s agreed.
“You’re the smartass twin,” Jimmy throws back as he climbs into the car.
“Lisa, numbnuts! Ellen told me you took her home last night.” Gabriel’s voice is filled with venom. Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever heard him so angry. “You come back, smile your hundred watt grin at Cassie and then leave with her. You’re a real fucking asshole, you know that?”
“Why are we stopped—” The question dies on Dean’s tongue as he focuses on the road, and the absolutely gigantic, emerald green snake that’s stretched across it, blocking their way. The thing is as thick as a goddamn tree trunk and apparently, just out for some sun because it doesn’t seem in any hurry to move, all while Dean wonders if it would be able to get
“We’re going to have movie nights, are we?”
“Oh! Um, Chuck?” Her eyes brighten with recognition which quickly dims into sympathy. “We were real sorry to hear about his passin’.” She gives Castiel’s arm a gentle squeeze when she straightens. “He used to come in here, few years back. Hadn’t seen much of him these days though.”
Dean’s skin is buzzing. He can’t remember the last time he had a conversation that made him so—giddy. Dean feels like he could run a marathon from the exhilaration. He’s grinning like an idiot and if the discomfort in his cheeks is any indication, Dean’s been doing it for a while.
Stupid teenagers in love have
Together, they’re standing under the last mural Dean painted over the door, a message for every person who visits their humble space.
Lust is replaced by disappointment, followed by a brief flash of irritation that quickly flickers into Dean's signature smile, the one for the cameras and the crowds, and everyone else Dean feels obligated to please.
“Fine, they ended up together then,” she replies, bouncing her eyebrows aaaand Dean’s heard enough.
Literally, if Cas wants.
by any means, a hard opposite, but baseball loves to save money by having players room together and they've stayed under the radar this way for the past few years. There's a spare bedroom full of stuff that will get packed up, their ruse changing locations right along with them.
“Heya, sunshine. Ready to go? Got everything?”
“Why, you said the house was big and your room was on the other side of the house from Sam’s.”
Fuck, Cas is the sexiest god damn thing Dean’s ever experienced.
He raises an eyebrow and takes another bite, waiting for Sam to continue.
Dean looks up and meets Cas’ eyes in the mirror. He’s leaning in the doorway, arms crossed over his chest wearing only his boxers and he’s staring Dean up and down, slow, and by the heat in his dark blue eyes, he likes what he sees. Dean’s blush rises, inching up into his cheeks the longer Cas stares.
Charlie laughs. “Dude! Close. It’s Gilda.” She gets this adorable gleam in her eye and Dean grins, wondering if he looks like this when he talks about Cas. Probably. “She’s so pretty, Dean, like—delicate. Is that a weird way to describe someone? She’s reminds me of a fairy.”
Cas pulls the jeep onto the main camp road that will lead them out. It’s the first time Dean has left the commune since he arrived.
Cas snaps his fingers and turns to open Baby’s door. “You’re a genius.”
else to look at, at least until the earth swallows him whole, like he’s hoping it might. She goes on. “Haven’t had to stitch you up in a while.”
Dean hums and moans around Cas’ dick with each slide of his tongue and pull of his mouth. Cas is thrumming with pleasure, his mouth eager and hot and absolutely devouring Dean’s cock. The room fills with the sound of their desire, neither of them trying to be quiet, moans vibrating in the back of their throats while they enjoy each other’s bodies.
Dean closes the fraction of space that separates them, leaning in and making their lips brush together and it’s an explosion, a crackling of electricity that sparks when their mouths meet and they both gasp in unison.
Dean follows, Cas’ hole getting tighter as Dean spills into him, both of them groaning out the other’s name. This is always the best part, when Dean feels like he’s floating.
She gives him a hum of approval. “And how did
He receives murmured noises of agreement from the phone.
Missouri also happened to be the first African American woman to become a baseball scout for the Major Leagues; the Kansas City Royals, specifically. She became a staple at every single game they played in (even some Cas played in without Dean), and Dean knew this was happening because of her. He can only hope she delivers on all her promises.
The crickets songs blend with the hum of the frogs as they walk together under the big sycamore trees. They’re walking close to campus so the city sounds are quiet, occasional honks cutting through the sound muffled by the trees. It’s nice, the space they share, the way it moves and wraps around them and Castiel forgets they’re in the middle of Manhattan, let alone a crowded park.
Cas takes a sharp breath, letting it out in a breathy laugh. “I’ll have to keep that in mind.” He clears his throat. “So, Dean. Maybe we can discuss more criminal charges I can charm my way out of over dinner tomorrow?”
“What,” Dean asks, breathless and smiling and pecking at Castiel’s chin. “You’re thinking real loud over there.”
Grabbing the box of tissues, Castiel sits on the edge of Jimmy’s desk and pulls one free for her, almost falling off the desk when she throws herself on him. He can barely process her tight hug when she’s throwing herself into her father’s arms.
“What’s the ice for, Dean? The truth now.”
Claire huffs when she grabs his full attention by scooping Pug out of his arms and trading Castiel for the bags she’s carrying. Pug is full of wiggles and Claire puts him down so he can trot over to the nearest patch of grass and relieve himself and after Castiel cleans up, he lets them walk ahead as he runs his final conversation with Dean over in his head until he’s
, without the man next to him.
“We’re still having dinner later? Charlie’s going to be able to make it after all and we both have presents for Cas.”
As the bartender, Aaron, if his name tag was to be believed, poured his beer, he proceeded to strike up a conversation. “So, business or pleasure?”
All he wants is to make Cas happy, return all the goodness he’s brought into Dean’s life. Dean’s worried about fucking that up or worse, making Cas feel pressured into something he isn’t ready to do. He’ll talk to Cas about it, Cas makes everything easier and this is a decision they have to make together.
he’s looking at. “So, the weather’s heating up, and you said don’t wear your coat on warm days and
and not as made up as his fantasy.
“Yes, Jack, I already told Claire you could have Crunch Cookie Crunch cereal for breakfast. There’s a brand new box in the cabinet but please try to refrain from eating it all before I get back.”
All Castiel can do is nod as Dean grins again and turns back towards his table. “See you guys tomorrow,” he calls over his shoulder and Claire’s tugging on Castiel’s opposite side as he watches Dean walk away. He flushes and turns away quickly when Dean looks back at him, his face open and happy.
Thankfully, Cas is smiling. “That would actually be a perfect time,” he turns to Dean. “We submit the final draft the week before. Can you get the time off?”
“You laugh and I’m shoving you into the fire,” Cas huffs into his ear. He starts moving them awkwardly, swaying back and forth, Starship’s “Fooled Around and Fell in Love” playing from inside the house. Dean feels the grass under his bare feet, the heat from the fire, and the weight of the moment on his shoulders.
“Those look so warm, Dean.” Charlie is checking out his socks too, and he wonders when his feet got so interesting.
He picks up and before he can say hello, he's interrupted.
Claire happily takes care of the patio while Castiel heads upstairs first, the store feeling a bit too overwhelming to start in. Stepping back into the house makes Castiel realize that
a catcher in the same year. It’s half the reason they’ve been working their ass off the last three years in the minors. It’s tough, feeling like their prime is being wasted but Dean has a good feeling about this year.
ready for your interview, okay?”
After their rather enjoyable shower, they got ready. Cas smiled as he pulled on the clothes Dean brought him. Dean appreciated them as well, admiring the way the navy blue sweater brought out Cas’ eyes. He pulled on his own dark grey cardigan and laughed when he caught Cas eyeing him.
“Don’t believe any of it,” he jokes. “This is Cas,” Dean beams as they shake hands. He leans towards them like wants to let them in on a secret. “He’s my boyfriend.” He bounces his eyebrows.
“Happy to do it!” She gets to work on making Castiel’s drink and keeps right on talking.
Dean is still bent over, his shoulders pressing into the mattress, his face turned to allow harsh breaths to escape from his lips. His hands are splayed over his head, both fists clenched in the white sheets and the long line of his back is a tease to Castiel. He wants to put his mouth on every inch of the man in front of him; Castiel wants to consume Dean.
The ball snapping into Cas's glove rings with a finality that the entire stadium can hear, echoed by a sharp, “You're out!” from the umpire, and then... all hell breaks loose.
Bastard knows there's no way for Dean to verify something like that. He huffs, pouting. “Doesn't look like it rained here last night.”
pretty fucking awesome.
“Mary! Take Dean upstairs, Cas is up there and he’s bleeding. That son of a bitch was beating on Naomi and hit him.” His dad grabs his coat and runs out the front door. Dean’s scared, for his dad, for Cas and his mom. He runs upstairs with the ice clenched in his hand and throws his door open.
Castiel smiled to himself, knowing exactly who this beer was named after. He took a sip and chocolate and caramel burst on his tongue. It was the best beer Castiel has had in years.
Castiel met the bird earlier when it was perched on top of
The kids are getting louder and so are the men ambushing them.
Tomorrow is his first official practice as a KU Jayhawk.
“Think about it. Later, Cas.”
“Which story?”
Cas’ nod is tight. “You would have liked him, Dean. I think he would have got a kick out of you, another grunt like him.” Cas’ gaze turns fond. “I got this tattoo on his birthday last year. He would have been sixty.” He presses a kiss to Dean’s lips and Dean pulls him close. “So, bees are very important to me.”
“Not anymore,” Dean grouches, rolling back over.
muttered under Castiel’s breath when he climbs in next to him.
Seeing as Castiel’s lost the ability to form words, he squeezes Dean’s hand back, and hopes that’s enough.
Cas relaxes and clings to Dean’s arm pressed across his chest as Dean works the plug back in, using his own come to slick the way. Cas is making low, guttural moans in the back of his throat and Dean whispers encouragement into his ear.
“Sarah,” Dean holds up a hand. “You had us at vacationing.”
Castiel follows Jimmy outside. “You remember my number?”
“I think we should use a few of those days and head over to Vegas.”
Dean claws at his shoulders as Castiel reaches his stomach and drags his tongue against the soft skin. He bites into Dean's hips and drags his mouth down to suck the head of Dean's cock through the wet silk. The sensation makes his cock twitch and all he can think of is tasting Dean.
He barely notices the beautiful sun rising on an ocean he’s never laid eyes on because Dean has an arm around him while he bites gummy bears in half and sticks them together to mix the flavors, popping them into Castiel’s mouth one by one. He’s going on about proper combinations and bear halves being the right ratio and Castiel thinks that maybe this is the happiest he’s ever been.
She thinks he’s Jimmy.
“Think I might be raiding
It’s finally dark and Dean suggests they move back inside for dinner. Dean’s making them hamburgers and as he gets them ready, Cas goes to the back to pour them a few beers. Dean has Cas’ stout on tap and he thanks Cas when he brings him the pint glass. They cook together, Cas on french fry duty like usual, and they laugh and kiss while they work. If it’s going to be like this forever, Dean will never have any complaints for as long as he lives.
“Nah,” he laughs. “That’s not really for me. Donna always gives me the heads up.”
“It's excellent. Can't say I've had anything this good in a while, even in New York. Did you say this was your recipe?”
hitting him in the face. Dean wonders if Cas has the same reaction when he crawls into Dean’s bed, if there’s something about him that Cas reacts to.
“It's so good to see you, Dean,” he replies, slapping Dean on the back a few times with his giant moose paws. It never fails to make Dean grin.
“Ok, Bruce, don’t hurt yourself.” She looks him up and down. “Hot. Jawline looking chiselled.”
“That’s Dean for you, always the first to make people feel welcome,” Jody advises knowingly.
“Thank you, Mama. M'so glad you're here.” Dean pulls back to include his dad in the hug too, much as Bobby dislikes them. Tonight though, the old man is willing and Dean has to choke back more tears when he notices that they’re both crying too. “Real glad you both made it for this.”
“Shark Week, man, a whole
He’s nervous, even as he pulls on his trench coat and Dean kisses him goodbye, promising birthday pie for later. Something to look forward to, he supposes. Before he can leave however, Dean hands him another bag with two small white boxes inside.
mooing its ass off as it approaches the table they've commandeered. Dean protects the platter of tacos while Moose versus Cow goes down, and so what if Dean sneaks an extra taco that way?
Dean’s fuckin’ sorry too, that Lydia will never know what a bright, amazing daughter she has.
last night, it was ready. Then I was thinkin’ about when I might get to see you again and figured if I got to see you, I could give you everything.” Now Castiel can see that it’s actually two pieces of folded cloth and Dean shakes the first one open, his eyebrows bouncing.
“Definitely something I must see sooner rather than later,” Castiel adds, not really wanting to stay and willing to go along with Dean’s ruse to get them out of there without hurting any feelings. Castiel gets the impression that they’re leaving earlier than most people.
Dean nods. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” He tucks his glove under his arm so he can twist the ball between his hands absentmindedly. There’s no going back now, but he always likes to double check these kinds of things with Cas. He puts his glove back on. “Do you really think this is a good idea?”
It’s all cyclical bullshit and Dean’s relieved when his dad runs out of steam and he’s able to just do all the running John considers punishment. Dean runs slowly and stretches it out to the start of practice, when his dad has to thankfully take a seat to Dean’s actual coaches, who start their first practice by lining up all forty of his teammates and leading them through drills Dean’s been doing his whole life.
Instead of a text, it comes in the form of a knock at the door. Dean hops off the bed, throwing on a pair of discarded sweats before he answers it.  Jo’s standing there with a huge grin on her face, holding up a shiny silver key that glints in the morning sunshine.
Cas scowls at him and Dean swallows sheepishly. Cas hates it when people talk with food in their mouths. Jack does it enough for Cas to complain about it. Dean does too.
good for me, Cas.”
“Mmm, give me a scoop of that guac first.” Cas makes the best fucking guacamole Dean’s ever had and he hopes Cas made enough for them to eat too. Preferably naked in bed later.
“Oh, you need someone to walk your little friend there? You should definitely call.” Donna is out from behind the counter to wipe down the little tables.
Her shoulders slump and Castiel lets his hands drop to his sides. He is well aware that he faces Jimmy’s wrath when he finds out about the address thing, but so what? If Castiel can offer Claire the alternative, why shouldn’t he? Talking to his twin is the
). If he’d stayed behind, Cas wouldn’t be doing what he’s always wanted to do for a living.
He has all of Dean’s letters spread out on the kitchen table and he’s staring at them while he drinks his coffee. The phone rings.
Plus, Dean looked incredibly cute with their sewing bag slung over his shoulder, the completed part of the blanket folded and peeking out of the top, bits of errant string dangling in different colors, one strand of purple yarn close to Dean’s chosen shade of hair at the moment.  They walked down the middle of the street hand in hand, keeping each other warm from the cold December air and after Castiel noticed the stars, he couldn’t help but take a second to appreciate the way Dean’s laughter echoed off the brownstones, amplified by the thin air and mixing with all the other comforting sounds that make Castiel feel like he’s home.
It’s with shining eyes that Cas looks at Dean after taking all the ornaments out and laying them across the coffee table. “You kept them. All of them.”
on it for Cas to see when he got home. Dean had some pictures printed from their summer and framed one of him and Cas at a Royals game, arms around each other while singing “Take Me Out to the Ballgame”
“So my story is pretty much femslash… without all the slash. Since it’s for my final grade.” She shrugs and pulls a blanket over the now sleeping Pug. Castiel’s getting more confused, but he thinks he’s getting the gist of it.
Sam tells him that tomorrow’s show is sold out too, and he starts going over Dean’s schedule for the rest of the week. The tour is over after tomorrow night and Dean is used to taking a few weeks off at the end of a tour. Now that he knows Cas will be in New York for a while, Dean’s been thinking about staying.
He comes back to the bedroom to find Dean wearing only his garters and stockings, splayed out on his stomach, his cute butt on display for Castiel to appreciate.
“Like something you see, sweetheart?”
is closest to the way Dean sings it in this chapter. I urge you to take a listen and let me know what you think!
It’s not awesome when he throws up on the stupid giant swing ride so Dean takes him to get cleaned up and rest while Cas takes the girls to see the marketplace and when they all come back to sit and watch the Grand March Parade together, they’re all wearing flower crowns; purple for Emma to match her dress, blue for Cas that brings out his eyes, and one made of wild thorns and ivy for Claire. It compliments the costume she made, a huntress with dark leather pants and a linen wrap, her hair long and styled in flowing waves. The bow and arrow Dean made is strapped to her back and she looks fierce, as fierce as she can with the big grin she’s had all day.
He pours two shots. “Truth or Dare?”
“And then,” Cas asked, his eyes dark.
“Dean, darlin'! You made it, I’m so glad!” Her cheeks glow when she glances between them. “And you brought a friend—Oh! It’s you, the nice man with the precious little pig.”
Dean flinched, feeling his heart break a little. “I don’t know if I ever told you all how much I—“
“If you guys are done being gross, could we move on?” Cas smirks at Sam’s vocal bitch face and Dean shakes his head. “So, did we settle on DC Universe? Cas? Are you willing to concede Dean as Captain America for Dean as Batman?”
