, 2019 – Lebanon, Kansas,
He started stripping off his wet clothes. I just caught a glimpse of his freckled skin before I quickly turned around while he was getting in the tub.
"He is the fucking angel that saved the world, Castiel? That cocksucker?" chuckling, "That's too funny, Dean, we were bending a fucking angel! All that time?"
The harsh tone was fading. He approached me, put his hand on my shoulder. I flinched at the contact.
The club was always busy on a Saturday night, the same known faces sitting at the bar, or lounging on tired red sofas in quiet nooks that provided the illusion of privacy. Already in a bad mood, I wondered again why I had allowed Gabe and Kali to convince me to join them this evening after so many unsuccessful ones. I knew I  needed to get out more  in order to meet a nice Dom  who would sweep me off my feet and bring me to my knees… yeah, right.
I took a small step back, growing uncomfortable with my intrusive thoughts. "I apologize for coming across as patronizing, but I just thought you should be careful."
Just my luck.
"A normal family Sam,
What's wrong with me? Of course, this proud man would see the money for his ride as some sort of compensation, me paying for his company. How could I be so stupid? It hadn't been my intention; I just freaked out and ran.
Cas' was stern and terrifying. John fucking Winchester was sitting there with a bloodied face and shitting himself, staring in Cas' eyes full of ice-cold anger.
"You live in a cabin? "
"You wish." He smirked, and I blushed.
, I chastised myself,
His eyes widened with surprise, and after an awkward moment of silence said, "Okay, cool, I was not expecting that; you know people are kinda assholes."
I nodded in agreement. "I am sorry."
I took my best shot and hit the guy with what should have been a solid right hook, but it didn't quite work,
“Buddy, I am 21" he said in a determined tone, raising his chin defiantly.
I returned to his side and sat on the bathmat,  I could see the white tops of his knees.
"You were such a fucking asshole," he mumbled.
I wanted to throw up; God, I hate him, but I hate myself more; he was making me his accomplice again, including me in his fucked up worldview, in Cas' abuse. I could not look at Cas.
almost escaped my lips again.
"Open your eyes."
Maybe because of the boy's unique strength and vulnerability, that took my breath away.
For the next hour, we sat with Dad, trying to make sense of our lives since his death. How do you explain a lifetime? Sam and I did our best going from Lilith to Jack, from hell to purgatory, leaving out the salt and burns and some weirder kinds of stuff.
Thank you again to Shannon_Kind and mslilylashes for being so amazingly supportive and generous with your time and expertise, it’s very much appreciated!
Sam hesitated.
Thank God, I heard the front door click, he left.
Dad looked up, a bit surprised, mainly amused. "Good to see that something stayed the same, so you kept the monster bait?" the tone was so mattered of fact like if he commented on my, his old leather jacket, just some object to be passed down, inherited, or disregarded.
Forty years old, and I was sitting on the tiled bathroom floor, hugging my knees; I was hiding from a kid in my own house, a kid I had invited from a club and brought home.
"My mission was to protect Dean when you could not" then dripping with disdain; he added, as a second thought, "Sir,"
My face must have shown some surprise because he added quickly, "I mean, I wash. We just don't have a bathtub in the cabin." A bit of worry had crept into his voice like he thought he’d said too much.
A bit regretfully, I sat back on heels, waiting for instruction.
For an instant, I think he will sink to his knees, repeating, here at the bottom of the metal stairs, in our home, the abhorrent ritual performed in crappy motels, reliving our past. His chin is dropping slowly to his chest, his body following. Then suddenly, there is tremor, and he stops, steadies himself, his eyes raising first, finding me, with his intense look.
I nodded, he kissed me gently... his chapped lips on mine, an echo to all the kisses we shared, grounding...
A deep satisfied sigh came from the tub; Dean was enjoying the bath. All tensions seemed to have disappeared, leaving an unbridled joy and warmth in his demeanor.
"Well, most people do you, you know,"
Dad shrugged, still in a good mood, clearly indulging Sam's goody-two-shoes attitude. His voice is teasing, "I mean, I am not going to blame you for keeping Castiel as a family pet, as long as he still knows this place."
I stared, fixated on the freckles on his face, still marked from puberty, and slightly flushed. His right hand collared me possessively, the pad of his hand settling on my throat. I could feel light calluses on his palm on my skin. He squeezed softly, not quite enough to cut my respiration, but sufficient for me to understand that he controlled each breath, that the one allowing each inhalation...
Sam’s eyes widened, “Please tell me you didn’t take the pure one.”
the natural order. It’s the way it was set up.”
He slipped his hand down the front of Castiel’s pants finding no underwear to stop him from cupping Castiel dick in his hands palming him gently. “Feels good doesn’t it, Cas? Makes you want more right?” Castiel nodded his whole body shivering with desire.
Dean snarled, letting Castiel’s legs drop abruptly from around his waist before whipping Castiel around and slamming him up against the mirror. “Be careful, Castiel, I’m only 27.”
“It’s going to be alright, Cas. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” The baritone reassured and Castiel felt himself go limp held up by strong arms. “I’ve got you alpha.” Was the last thing he heard before it all went black.
He immediately regretted asking when Castiel let out a small sobbing noise. “Everything about him is like, Dean.”
“I can see beauty in the way your eyes light up like stars, and I can find beauty in the sounds you make when I touch you. I can also find beauty in the way you fight me even now when you know you are
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I heard that right Cas, were you just begging me to stop?” Dean roared with laughter leaning back onto Castiel’s ribs enjoying the hiss of pain from the man under him.
“Oh no, you fucking don’t.” Meg hissed and socked Castiel against the jaw. The wolf roared getting up in her face but not touching her. He never touched his packmate with a hard hand not since that first night the glaring reminder on her beautiful face four perfect scratch marks to show just who she stuck around with.
Before the demon could say anything Crowley’s crisp accent traveled from the cup. “Phoebus I thought I told you I was not to be interrupted. Harvesting this child's soul takes concentration.” When neither human nor demon responded Crowley prompted again. “Phoebus, are you there?”
Castiel nodded sleepily, “I know.”
He blinked and his black eyes were replaced with those bright brilliant green irises that shone with adoration and lust. “Father, please do not be afraid, all I want to do is shower you with the love you deserve, the love you crave.” His deep voice rasped in Castiel’s ear. The demons leg grinded against Castiel’s genitals bringing them to life. Castiel groaned loudly hitting his head back against the wall.
“We contacted a neighboring clan as a last-ditch attempt to save me. They have a healer there who worked miracles before. I wanted you to come with me. One last time to spend time together in case I don’t make it.” She said it with a smile, she didn’t even look afraid, and Castiel held back the bile in his throat. She was ready to die at eighteen years old.
Castiel walked into his living room seeing Hannah standing there quietly. “I didn’t want to interrupt.” She said quietly.
“Well, then, we got nothin’.” Dean spat.
Castiel breath hitched before another orgasm came over him. He felt himself tightening around Dean who swore behind him, coming seconds after him. Castiel slumped against the mirror, letting Dean hold him up who was shaking behind him with the effort. They stayed like that till their breathing evened out and Dean pulled away, grinning down at the younger boy.
“How do you know that he’s your mate?” Meg snapped angrily and Castiel pinned her with a sad look.
His counterpart screamed and Castiel snarled snapping back. “You’ll kill both of us you selfish prick.” The wolf striding back away from him a smirk on his lips as if he’d won something a reminder that he had all of the power. Castiel looked back at his beta friend the woman staring at him with pursed lips her gaze heavy with fear but not for her life, no, for the day he would follow through and kill himself to rid his existence. “I’m not going back, Meg. They brought me back from the edge, that was enough. I just lost control, and that’s nothing new.”
“If you stay, and you let go of your hatred of witches you’ll gain a mate and your mind back. You leave, and we’ll help you get the beast inside of you under control. That will be all you’ll have is your beast under control.” Her expression was hard her scent sweet like her son’s. “The full moon is tomorrow. You have until tomorrow night to decide. Your sister would like to see you and Meg can show you where your room is.” Castiel knew a dismissal when he was given one, but he had questions.
Castiel lunged wrapping an arm around the top of the demon’s head, and with his other unbroken hand, he jabbed the tip of his angel blade against the underside of the demon’s jaw. “That’s not good enough. How would you get ahold of him?” Castiel hissed in the demon's ear. When he didn’t get an answer Castiel jabbed harder drawing blood and a pained scream from the demon.
Dean shut the water off grabbing two towels. Dean wiped himself down quickly tying the towel around his waist then grabbing the second one patting down Castiel’s body wrapping it tightly around him as Dean set him down on the toilet seat. He then grabbed another towel to dry Castiel’s hair. The whole time Castiel’s eyes never stopped watching him. Following all of his movements with his eyes the broken gaze slowly changed to something that looked extremely close to affection.
“Hey, numbnuts snap out of it. We gotta go. Shit, we really gotta go, Cas.” Her voice sharp with worry as Castiel’s wolf stared down at her with little interest.
Castiel nodded once his gaze flickering over to his wolf the figment of his imagination slitting his own throat with a knife blood pouring from the wound. “I’m going to kill us, Castiel. We’re not going to a hospital. We’re gonna die.” Castiel didn’t respond because he knew that was the point. He was going to die either by his own hand or the wolfs. That was his goal. He was tired of the fight, no longer wanted to be talked down from a ledge, no longer wanted to hurt innocent people who didn’t deserve his wrath. He wanted Meg to have a life without always being on the run or wondering if her one pack mate was going to make it day to day. He knew she’d be hurting by his death, knew that all the people who still cared would mourn, but he knew deep down that they’d be better off without waiting on his next episode, better off without worrying if he’d make it another day. He needed this to be over.
Sam froze anger boiling in his blood as he turned around. “What do I care?” Sam choked out shaking his head in disbelief. “Ritum sacrum hanc terram consecro.” Sam spoke his eyes on the holy water he was sprinkling around.
“I won’t go dark side, Sam. I won’t go there again.” Dean declared running a hand through his hair uncomfortably. “Are we done with the chick flick moment, already?”
Castiel rolled his eyes; Dean wouldn’t make a move here in school, if he wanted to make any at all. Castiel glanced at the giant wall mirror meeting Dean’s eyes for a brief moment before looking away. Okay, maybe he would make a move--Castiel had no idea, really. He’d never really taken a moment to get to know Dean.
“You never have.” He chuckled again, “Well you’ll have to forgive me Father, for I’m having impure thoughts, and I’m about to put them into action.” He slammed Castiel into the wall, shoving his knee in between his legs, nuzzling his neck taking in his smell.
Dean frowned, his green gaze analyzing him. “Bela said that once they received your signal they closed in quickly. You were on the forest floor, and Lilith was just standing there, waiting for everyone. She came with the witches willingly. You were unconscious.”
It was around midnight when Castiel walked up the steps from the basement, and walked back towards the front of the cathedral where they held open sermons. There was a young man sitting in the back in his late twenties staring up at the angels in the stain glass windows above the large cross with the Lord’s son strung a crossed it. It amazed him how intricate and detailed they were on the world's savior. You could see the pain on his face and the blood dripping down his hands. It was quite graphic.
“Hey Novak, don’t try so hard for all of the attention today okay? Some other people would like a shot for Dean’s affections.”
lame ass out of the fire.” Sam slammed the injection in listening to Dean groan. “You’re welcome.” Sam threw the injection onto the table and walked out of the room leaving a wheezing chuckling Dean Winchester in his wake.
Sam gasped when he was pushed out of the way Castiel slamming a fist in Dean’s face taking them both to the ground. “You son of a bitch where the hell is my son.” Castiel screamed holding his angel blade against Dean’s throat. Dean’s eyes were black as he glared up at Castiel.
Dean, he cried for the fact that he was birthing an abomination, and cried for the fact that he didn’t care because it was apart of Dean.
Castiel shuddered. They both knew who she was talking about. “How does he know where I am?”
“Cas you’re so beautiful.” Castiel gasped and shuddered.
Dean collapsed onto Castiel breathing heavily his whole body was shaking. He could feel the bond repairing itself making him feel full of Castiel’s light and Dean smiled lazily. He rolled onto his side pulling out of Castiel, but keeping his arms wrapped around him. Cas nuzzled into Dean’s chest sighing happily.
“Dean the bond it’s… ung it’s healing I feel it… I can’t oh God DEAN,” Castiel screamed as he came long rows of white hitting Dean’s chest. Castiel’s muscles tightened around Dean and hearing his name screamed like that sent him tumbling down over the edge with him.
“Okay,” Castiel said his voice low in thought. “I have to make a choice to either go to a facility where they will teach me to cope with being a rogue or stay here with him… because he’s my mate.” Meg stiffened her expression clouding with anger.
Dean started moving his eyes never leaving Castiel’s and Cas’s hand reached up gripping Dean’s shoulders as Dean started slamming into his prostate. Castiel moaned loudly, but he never shut his eyes just as determined as Dean to uphold eye contact. Dean loved Castiel’s eyes, he loved the way he smelled, and he loved how well his body responded to his own.
With a flick of his fingers the floor cracked breaking the salt line. Dean grinned at the horror on the Priest face. In fact it was the Priest Dean passed by on his way out of leaving Castiel fucked out on the floor, “And for your information Priest I haven’t killed any of you yet, I’ve just taken poor dear Castiel for myself. Now the other two,” Dean chuckled, “Ones dead the other is locked up in my basement of horrors. Now where is Castiel and maybe I’ll let you live.”
The sounds of chanting reached his ears and something cold started to wash over him. Dean ran down the step breaking through a wooden door only to be stopped in his tracks. Dean let out a roar of anger when he saw the devils trap on the ceiling. A black man looked up at Dean never stopping his chanting. Castiel was withering down on the table a sheen of sweat covering his body and he was thrashing violently.
Sam wanted to bang his head on the steering wheel. Sam reached out a tentative hand and placed it onto Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
“Yes, Castiel. I am a witch. My son has had many visions of you, and when you walked into our home, I had one of your wolf taking over and killing you. This doesn’t have to happen, there is another way. No more fighting for control, no more burden. You can be whole.” Mary pleaded with him her gaze earnest no panic as his hand was wrapped around her throat.
Dean gripped the blade tightly as he looked around searching for the angel. “Come on Cas! Come on out! Let’s talk about things, you know, hash it out.”
Gabriel smiled back at him and chuckled. “I suppose you can.”
what I say. Understand?”
Sam huffed. “Right.”
“You… You deserve that.” Castiel said and somehow, he could tell it was the wrong and right thing to say as he watched her shoulders harden in determination once more.
The hunter didn’t move for the rest of the night. He probably fell asleep at some point, because he opened his eyes late in the morning, while the sun was high in the sky. Miracle was asleep too, his head on Dean’s lap. The man waited a few minutes before waking his dog up. He had been gone for too long, he knew he had to come back to the Bunker eventually. He had to keep going, he knew that, and as much as it hurt, he knew that Castiel had sacrifice himself to let him live, and he had to make everything he could to not make his sacrifice vain. He had to continue, for Castiel. He would continue, for him, and when everything would be over, he would find a way to bring him back, no matter what.
They all stopped everything they were doing. First of all, they were not sure to find anything in the men of letter’s books, but more importantly, they felt like maybe, just maybe, they could find answers from something else. After all, they didn’t need to find a way to kill God without any power, or to create power for a Nephilim. They just had to find a way to make a Nephilim’s mojo more powerful. And luckily for them, they actually knew somebody who could help with this kind of stuff. Visiting this person just required a bit of preparation, but it wasn’t the first time they did it. Going to Hell... wasn’t hard, when your last name is Winchester. All they needed was a person who would agree to stay on Earth, to make sure the spell they would use was still working when they were away, but that wasn’t a problem either. Eileen definitely didn’t want to go to Hell. She had already been there once, and didn’t plan to go back, especially not willingly.
Sam and Dean were in Baby, they weren’t talking, Sam was reading a book and Dean was trying to stay awake. Since God was defeated, something was definitely wrong. He didn’t sleep well, he was always sad.. Dean was feeling empty, like something was missing. Something, he didn’t know what, was not in the right place. When the hunter understood that he was falling asleep and that he was becoming dangerous, they decided to stop at a crappy motel, like they used to. Everything in this hunt was just like before. Except this feeling that Dean had, that didn’t seem to want to go away, and that was growing more and more every second.
All the boys met up in the main room of the Bunker. All of the ingredients were there, on one of the tables. Sam didn’t find any new piece of information, and they were debating on what they should do now. Jack and Dean were agreeing, thinking that they should just mix all of the ingredients together, and then try things until something works, but Sam thought it would be way better if they just waited and search for more informations before starting anything. He finally agree, when Dean reminded him that they had every time they needed, and they could start over if needed, since none of the ingredients were hard to find -except maybe the « fallen’s blood », but they had a full handprint of blood, it should be sufficient-, and they were not sure to find news informations for a while.
He sat against one of the walls, and did not move. He knew he should be at the Bunker with Jack and his brother, trying to find a way to save his idiotic angel, but he wasn’t able to just come back and try again. He didn’t want to find another false trail. It would crush him, probably. He just wanted his angel back, now. He wanted him to help them, to be here with Dean when he felt like a loser, when he hated himself because he had not killed Chuck when he had had the chance. He wanted Cas next to him, reassuring him like he always did.
I am so sorry for not posting for so long and leaving you without any warning. I can't promise that I will start posting like usual again, but I'll try, and I hope you still enjoy this story !
While they were officially introducing Jack, who never met Jody until now -and she only knew him because she had to put an APB on him-, the entrance door opened wide and a tornado of blond hair flew next to them, to go directly to Miracle, patiently waiting next to Baby.
“Hi guys! Nice to see you, it’s been a while!” she said. She looked happier that they ever saw her be. Before they had the chance to ask why, they saw Kaia coming out of the house, and Claire’s face brighten even more. That seemed like a really good reason to be happy, thought Dean when the two girls kissed briefly.
“Dean... Maybe we should concentrate on fighting God, maybe without my power...” tried to say Jack, wanting to cheer him up a little, giving some ideas to keep going.
Jack was nervous suddenly, because now, it was on him. Usually, it was on them, they were the four (with Castiel) who had to save the world. But the next step they would take today? What they were going to do in one hour? It was all on him. Of course, without Dean and Sam their little operation would be useless, but he was the one who had to know his power well enough to stop before it was too late. He never had to worry about it, he either didn’t have it (or was forbidden to use it) or didn’t have to worry about it. But in this very moment, he would have to know himself perfectly, if they wanted this to work.
“I’m sorry guys. I’m so sorry, I should have seen that he still had power. I should have seen that he was playing with us all, and that it was his plan from the beginning. I should have.”
“God doesn’t know you still have power. He didn’t left power to Jack on purpose.” She concluded.
He was struggling breathing when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked at the owner of the hand, to find his brother, on his knees, in front of him. Dean could not stop crying. He wanted so hard, he wanted his brother to think he was strong enough for both of them, that he was capable of taking care of everything, without even being destroyed by his best friend death. But that was not the truth, he was broken.
I'm back, hoping you're ok!
The trip to Winfield may have been more than 3h long, but time had flown, and without them realizing it, they were already at the storage place Gabriel rented every month. Convincing the guardian to let them go to Gabriel’s unit without an ID had been easier than they expected, they only had to ask nicely, and the woman let them. No need of a gun or any intimidation, they just had to ask. It was suspicious, and Sam and Dean stayed on their guard as they entered the unit.
When they arrived in the town, they began working immediately. They started talking to every witness possible, family, friends, neighbors, everyone that could have an idea of what happened when the kids disappeared, but nobody knew a thing. The parents left them in front of their school in the morning, and during the moment where they left them and the moment school started, they were missing. Nobody saw anything, not a single soul, even though there were a lot of people in front of this school, absolutely nobody was a witness of what happened. Their only lead was the comportement of the family of the first missing child. They were avoiding their questions, and they seemed kind of strange, as if they were hiding something from them, something really important.
They then moved to the table, to eat some chicken with potatoes. It was one of Dean and Sam’s favorite plate when they came here, and it was so easily done that Jody didn’t even hesitate when they asked her if they could come eat. They continued their conversation there, eating and laughing, and this time, Dean joined them. He mostly played the peacemaker between Claire and Jack, regretting letting Sam make Jack discover all those nerdy stuffs. Everything was great, and Miracle was enjoying every bit of food Claire and Jack sneaked under the table for him. Everything was perfect, until one moment, one conversation.
“We should go to sleep guys. We still have to search on our owns, things about Nephilims… And how to make Cas come back.” Sam said.
“We have the blood of Cas. We have a bit of it left. Trust me. And, technically, I had the mark of Cain once, I was damned. It could work, and we don’t have time to imagine if it didn’t. Jack, man, can you find some Ivy leaf, Willow bark and Lilac please? And Sam, try to find informations on what we’re supposed to do after having all the ingredients.”
“Well, you know, we have place for you three, you don’t have to go tonight. You can stay the night, sleep and go wherever you need to go tomorrow.” Suggested Jody, bringing tea.
(See the end of the chapter for
They all entered the house, where Alex and Patience were waiting for them on the couch. All of them sat with the two girls, and they listened to Patience ranting about school and how her teachers were boring. She was really glad to have Jody and Alex who always took the time to explain again whatever lesson she had to learn when she didn’t understand it. Alex was still working at the hospital, but it was mostly empty lately, so she spent most of her time at home, or helping Claire with her hunts -but she will never admit that she did-.
They talked for a bit, before Rowena left, having demon’s problems to deal with. The Winchesters then also left. Kevin was left alone with the tablet, and he didn’t waste time before starting reading it. In all of his months in contact with the tablet, he never read anything about Nephilim’s grace in there, but who knows? He had discovered new things every time he took a look at the tablet. He had learn that every bit of information, just a word, a sentence, could be of so much help, and that’s what he was going to search for. Anything. He blindly trusted the Winchesters boy, he knew that whatever they were doing, they were doing good, and it was the only thing that mattered.
“If it’s someone’s fault, it’s mine, Jack. I could have killed God, he was at my mercy, but I decided to play the hero, to do as if I wasn’t just a freaking killer. I could have ended all of this if I hadn’t tried to do as if I was a good person.” replied Dean, trying to be as calm as possible.
I just want you to know that i may slow down the posting, I still have a few chapters ready, but I have struggles writing lately. I don't know yet if I'll slow things, I'll keep you updating.
“Jack, of course you’re family. I was being stupid. You are part of this family, just like Cas is. You’re the two angelic beings that are not even supposed to be friends with humans but are anyway. And you’re part of this family, and you’ll always be.”
“Wait Dean, the blood of the Fallen and the Damned? Last time we had to use the blood of the Fallen, it was Cas. We don’t have Cas, and we don’t have his blood anywhere left. And the damned? Who could it be?” asked Sam.
Dean wasn’t sure if he was talking to Jack or to himself. He just had to try believing, because it was all they have left, once again.
When he came back, he had in his hands a piece of tissue. His smile still hadn’t vanished off his face as he opened the tissue, revealing the demon’s tablet. Sure Jack was half angel, not demon, but the angel tablet didn’t exist anymore, and after all, Lucifer was the original king of Hell, the answers for his son could be in this tablet.
When their adrenalin went down a bit, they all took a breath. They would have liked to stay here longer and enjoy this moment, where everything went right for the first time since the beginning of this adventure, but they didn’t have the luxury to do so. Chuck had already began his finale plan, they had to do something, they had to act quick.
They arrived at Jody’s right before lunch. The dark-haired woman greeted them with a huge hug that they both reciprocate. They loved this woman like their mother, and she loved them like they were her two other adopted sons.
Suddenly, a new light. It was not the same as when Jack had touched the green-eyed man’s soul. This light came from him, and it blasted everything. It was pure power, his power, just like Gabriel had warned them. It lasted a few seconds, and Jack fall on the ground, next to Dean. Still at the same place, Sam was on the ground too. A deadly silence fell on the cabin. The noise until now had been so loud, at least in their ears, but now it was just calm, silent. Nothing was breaking the silence, they couldn’t even hear their breathing.
When Jack had first touch Dean’s soul, the exact second he had, he felt peace and power. Dean’s soul was glowing. Jack could not see human’s soul ordinarily, but with his touch came the vision of what it was. And Dean’s soul was beautiful. Not in a perfect way, it was broken, as Dean was, it was full of flaws, it was full of pain too, but it was somehow beautiful. Jack could feel the power flocking in his veins as he continued touching the hunter’s soul. From time to time, he felt Castiel’s presence, memories of the day he saved his soul and left his mark on it for eternity. Jack was somehow terrified, but astonished of how Dean’s soul was.
Before Dean could say anything to refuse, Sam agreed, a huge smile on his lips. He had accepted the proposal not only because he really was looking forward spending time with Jody and her family, but also because Dean needed sleep, he needed a good place and some calm, before they get back at their crazy quest. Dean always had been the one looking for him, he basically raised him because John had not been able to, but know, it was Sam’s turn to take care of his brother. Because he would not do it for himself. Because Dean would prefer blaming himself over everything that is happening than taking care of himself and accepting that he is not a bad guy. Sam had to take care of Dean, but he had to be discreet, because his big brother still thought it was his role, to take care of him.
“See Dean? Be like him, he does what he has to.” Chuck snapped his fingers, making Eileen appear in the street. “Dear Sam, let me present to you, your girlfriend, Eileen Leahy.”
“You did it, kiddo…” he said, pride in his voice.
“No, I’m not. I don’t know, maybe she was just acting strange… But I told her. About Castiel. And she didn’t react. She said nothing. And then she said she was proud of Crowley, don’t tell me that’s not super odd!”
During this week, the boys did not stop searching on their own, not doing anything but that. They only left the Bunker to do some groceries, or making a jogging for Sam or walking with Miracle for Dean, and sometimes Jack. The two spent a lot of time together, and Sam didn’t mind. They both lose Castiel, a father, and a best friend. The the angel meant so much to them, and even if he loves Cas, he knows that their relationship had nothing in common with the one that Dean and Jack had with him. And he was happy, somehow, to see his brother taking care of the Nephilim, after everything that happened between them those three last years. They really seemed to get better along together, and Sam couldn’t be happier. Dean seemed to struggle less when he was talking with someone that could relate to the loss of Castiel, because, even if the green-eyed man tried to hide it, Sam knew that he never been so down ever in his life. Castiel died before, but this time it was special, and Sam couldn’t understand exactly why, but he knew, and he also knew that Dean didn’t want to talk about anything, and even just mentioning the name of his angel put him in a state of silence and sadness, and Sam didn’t try anymore. Only Jack could, and they would spend hours, speaking low. It felt strange. Dean never had been the serious one, but here, with the blond nephilim, he looked like a dad, a father. He looked older. Sam never saw him like that. And he didn’t know if he liked what Dean was right now. He somehow really wished he could have his big brother back, the one who did jokes when he shouldn’t, the one who would complain whenever they have to search through all the lores for days. The Dean he had in front of him right now, wasn’t complaining. He was searching in the books, talking notes, he didn’t say a thing, even if Sam could clearly see how bored he was.
After some time in the building, and a few hours drive back to the Bunker, Dean entered the room where Jack and Sam were, back to their research. Both of them looked at Dean, while he approached. When Dean put the piece of paper on the table, he felt so proud, because he had found a thing that would help them. Because he solved a problem Sam didn’t.
While they were getting ready for their expedition, Dean realized he had no one to take care of his dog. Of course, he had already let him alone for one or two days during the two times Sam and himself went for a hunt since he adopted him. But right now, he didn’t know if he would have to leave him just for the few days they would be gone, or for longer. The hunter decided not to risk anything, and called Jody to know if she would be ok with taking care of the dog during a few days. Claire’s reaction in the background when Jody asked Alex and her if it was fine by them made Dean smile. The girl seemed so happy, and Dean knew that he could trust her for taking care of his dog. They agreed that the boys will come for lunch the following day, and that they would go to the lake house after.
“Ok, so… It’s definitely something.” Sam said, before reading what he just translated. “It seems like I found something I wasn’t supposed to, and now, they’re trying to silence me. I have to say this to somebody, before they understand that I know. To restore the grace and the power of an angel, you have to cast the spell, using the blood of the angel and a human, an angel’s feather and a Hand of God. No need for vampires, they’re nephilims beloved.”
“Sure guys. I will keep it secret, I promise. But when everything is over, you better tell me what is happening. It seems really serious.”
“First of all, he’s not perfect, he’s just a son of a bitch” said Dean “but... Maybe he didn’t. Maybe this power didn’t exist when Chuck was here.”
Dean looked once again at the paper. “for nephilim’s grace, I am giving you the answer. you need 13 IVY leaf, blood of the FALLEN and the DAMNED. NO need for ENOCHIAN, if you put WILLOW bark and LILAC with some sugar.” It didn’t have any sense. What did they have to do with this? It wasn’t a spell, no indication on what to do next, if the nephilim was supposed to eat that, drink that, use it as a soap, nothing. Dean sighed. It was a start, it was something, but informations were missing here.
When God finally took a step back, Jack fell on the ground catched up by Dean, who was kind of relieved that his feeling, his presentiment, was an actual thing and not just his brain not used to a normal and free life. Chuck inhaled deeply.
They all nodded, and Sam stayed on his chair, looking at the book he had in his hands, while Jack and Dean both left the room. Dean immediately went to his room, and searched for a minute in one of his drawers, before finding his jacket. The one he was wearing when Cas died. On the shoulder, right where Cas touched him to throw him away, saving him from both Death and the Empty, his handprint was still visible. Dean loved this jacket, and the blood kind of ruined it, but he wasn’t able to wash it to make it disappear, and apparently, it had been a good idea to just ignore it, and save it like that. Looking at the jacket made his chest ache, but he just chose to ignore it. They finally had something, they will be able to give Jack his power back, and he will bring Cas back, it was sure. He will be able to do that, he already did in the past. Dean knew that soon, soon he will have Cas back right next to him, protecting him, making him feel safer than he ever had. It always had been the way Dean felt, next to Cas. He felt safe, protected. Dean smiled. He just had to wait, just a little bit more, and Castiel will be back, as he always had.
Dean went to find the portal to Hell that had been opened by Rowena. It was the first time he had to go there by himself, and he realized that it was placed in the room right after the one Cas died. He looked at the door of this exact room, and suddenly found it hard to breathe. He had to stop for a moment, and lean against the wall. He was dealing better with all the thoughts of Castiel, but seeing this room where he died? It was still too much. He forced himself to continue walking, to go as far of this room as possible. Quickly, he was in front of the portal, but he hasn’t quite started breathing normally again. He passed through the gate anyway, because he didn’t want to wait.
It was their first hunt since this day, since the day God was left powerless and useless in front of this lake. It’s been almost a month, and they wanted to go back to their normal life now. This hunt seemed to be something really simple, a ghost, as they already saw hundreds before. It was in a little town, in Illinois, where people disappeared when they entered a « haunted house ».
Dean was not talking. He didn’t need to, and he didn’t want to. He felt almost at peace here, looking at this part of his family, drinking a beer. It felt good. Jack and Claire were in the middle of an argument about which Star Wars movie was the better, Jack was settling with the third one, and Claire was insulting him because “How dare you prefer a movie of the sequels? The fifth is clearly superior you dumbass!” and Dean only wish Charlie was here to argue with them. He was so happy to see the two blonds getting along so well, and somehow, he always knew they would. They just didn’t have the chance to meet one another.
Dean was feeling nervous, thinking about what could happen if they messed up, and he knew that Sam was nervous too. Jack probably didn’t, but he was a three years old Nephilim who lost his soul during almost two years, so yeah, Dean didn’t expect him to be able to feel things as a human should. He probably will at some point (at least, if we listened to Castiel), but for now, Dean couldn’t expect him to feel nervous. And he didn’t want to. He had his struggles with the blond, he even hated him at some point, but Jack had become a very important part of their family, and Dean loved him. He didn’t love him as much as Castiel loved the Nephilim, but he could understand why his angel chose to take Jack as his son.
“Sorry for that Rowena. I didn’t expect you to be here already… I was just… Running to find you, and had to catch my breath.” He tried lying, knowing that it was not really believable.
It was the first time he ever said that, to anyone. And it didn’t make him feel better. And he was still crying, on the floor, feeling even more lost and alone than he was before. His eyes burned, he couldn’t breathe, and he didn’t feel anything anymore. Except for his brother’s arms around him, and the mixtape in his pocket.
“At least he died doing what he does best, saving your stupid ass.” Claire added. It wasn’t mean, it was even the truth if Dean had to be honest. It was just a joke, because Claire was like that, joking when things get too serious because she hated having to be serious. Dean was like that, too. But not today, today, it hurt too much, to be reminded that he was the reason Castiel was dead. Because he knew he was. He was the one who hurt Billie, he was the reason why they had to hide from her, and why Cas had to summon the Empty to save them.
“Well, see... I am God. I have no idea how you could expect your little boy to beat me. Seriously? He was almost powerless, don’t tell me that you really thought you could beat me? I am God, I created everything here, I created you, I even decided that your little protege would be born. I decided everything here. See, you pissed me off. But you still could have been some... Entertainment. Watching you two, going back at your everyday life, tortured by the fact that you know something is wrong and missing... It was really fun. Especially you, Dean. You couldn’t stop thinking about that. Thinking about this something that was missing... Your poor little angel Castiel. You should have miss him forever, but never actually remember him. You’re a pain in the ass, you never do what you’re told to. Of course, you HAD to remember him. You should have followed your brother, Dean, he still doesn’t remember Eileen, even after he saw her, he couldn’t remember her. But you see a trench coat and a couple being split up and you think of him... Really Dean, you’re annoying.”
They spent hours, trying to make this thing work. Jack ingested some of this awful mix, they tried to put some of the mixture on the Nephilim, tried, tried, tried and tried again, everything, every idea. Nothing worked. This clue was nothing, it was just some shit a drunk man had written here, just as Dean had feared.
And just by that, he disappeared, he vanished again, leaving them here, alone. Everyone else in the town was gone. They vanished too, when God first arrived the place. Only Sam, Dean, Jack and Eileen were still there. They looked at each other for a solid minute. All of this was a lie, once again, their lives were decided by God, this narcissistic son of a bitch.
“Don’t apologize, Dean. I know I’m not part of your family, it’s ok.”
“Nice, we’ll order burgers, it’s movie night.” Jody said, proposing tea to everyone, except Dean -she already knew that he would say no anyway- to whom she gave a beer.
“Are you suggesting that... When Chuck took his power back, it could have created power...? That I could have picked, the same way I vacuumed power from Lucifer and Michael’s fight, or Michael’s death...?” Questioned Jack.
Sam was smiling. It was a real smile, full of hope. Yes, Sam was still the one who believe enough for two. And as much as it annoyed Dean, in this exact moment, he could not be more grateful. Sam was sure that their plan would work, and that none of them would die. Dean would not have to be alone, facing the fear that it would not work, and that they would have to start for the beginning, only Jack and Sam. He will have his little brother next to him.
Dean had to leave the scene. Remembering Castiel was hard, he didn’t even know how he could even have forgotten about him in the first place. The angel literally gave his life for him, and he wasn’t even able to remember his name for a month? He knew he should be feeling bad about the whole God is going to destroy the universe thing, and he was, but his mind couldn’t stop thinking about Cas. He sat on a bench, and, when he turned his head, he saw Jack next to him. The Nephilim seemed bad too, maybe even more. Cas was like a father to Jack, and he didn’t think about him, during all the time he had God power, he could have bring him back, but he didn’t, because he wasn’t able to remember him. It was one of the worst feeling in the world to Jack. He failed his mission, he didn’t beat God, and he didn’t save his dad. He just felt useless, and he knew he was, because he didn’t have any power left now, and without them, he was nothing, he already proved that once.
Dean froze. He hadn’t thought of Castiel for some hours now, since they arrived, in fact. He was just feeling so great, so peaceful. He was where he was supposed to be, and it felt good. He felt like he was in his family. But he hadn’t thought of Castiel, not a single second. And now he did.
The trip was like the one they took two days ago. They were still alone on the road. On the horizon, they could see the smoke coming from big cities. That was the only difference they could see from those two trips, and none of them liked it. They wished knowing what Chuck was doing could have been just a dream (more like a nightmare), but they had to face reality, he was not going to stop. He had started whatever plan he had in mind, and they would have to stop him if they wanted to save the world.
Sam stood up, and looked at every book they had on vampires. One of them had blood on it, just a drop, but that was suspicious enough for Sam to open it. In the middle of the book, he found the same kind of scribble there was in the book about werewolves. This time, the translation was way faster, since Sam was definitely wide awake. The man wrote in English the whole note, and Dean took his paper as soon as he had finished writing on it.
“Hello Rowena. Can we have a minute. Alone? We have important business.” Dean replied.
Kevin saw the woman talk to the demons, and one of them took Kevin’s chains off, setting him free. Sam asked him to follow them, they started walking away as quickly as they arrived. In two sentences, they stopped his tortures. He tried to understand what was happening, but none of them wanted to talk for now. They were not protected enough, in the middle of Hell.
“Maybe, Jack. It’s not a bad idea. It could be that, after all, you’ve been able to gain power from other things because of Death and The Empty right? Those two are independent, God can’t control them... It makes sense.” Said Sam.
Dean snickered, “You’d like that wouldn’t you? You’d like it if I fucked you into this floor right now wouldn’t you? Come on angel, let’s see how much you like it while I’m rapping you. Because I promise you I won’t be gentle about it.”
“He’s our mate.” A voice spoke low behind him and Castiel turned to see his other half for the first time looking tamed and… just as lost as he felt. His red eyes didn’t glow in rage but looked ashamed, haunted, and so very lost like he didn’t know what to do next. His hands were clutched tightly together like he was afraid to move.
That night flashed in Castiel’s mind. It’d been a blur mentally his wolf had torn him to shreds, and Lilith’s seductive voice whispering in his ear twisting and goading his wolf on.  There’d been the crash of a window, a figure crashing into Lilith and dragging her kicking and screaming while Meg had dragged him out of that house and to the nearest rogue facility. Castiel and Meg had never talked about that night and now he felt like he was at a disadvantage. “What?”
Sam slammed his hands down on the table angry with himself. “I never meant…”
“D-Dean?” Castiel breathed his chest locking up as he looked at the man’s familiar face.
“She ripped out his safety blanket, she made him face what he did before he was ready, Sam. I wasn’t going to just sit by and let her ruin him.” Dean defended, meeting that gaze head-on pouring out his emotions, the anger, the protectiveness, the need to save him.
Castiel glared at Dean pulling said blade from the back of his pants. “As if I’d ever come around you without this now, Dean.”
and nobody, not even God, is going to take Cas away from him. Dean brought Castiel’s mouth to his the kiss was light nothing demanding just reassuring that they were together. Dean pulled away and begun rubbing the soap into Castiel’s skin over and over till the marks and the scent of holy oil was gone from his body.
“There’s a vampire nest that Father Michael and I are going to take care of. I’m sorry to leave you all alone here tonight, Castiel, but Father Zachariah will be here in the morning.”
The wolf snarled and Castiel glared at him shaking his head.
Castiel straightened his spine and looked up into those green eyes that captured so many. “Well, you certainly draw a lot of attention to me on a daily basis.”
Dean sucked a bruise into Castiel’s skin as his muscles seized up as an orgasm tore through him. When Castiel came down, his vision slowly coming back to him, he whimpered at the overstimulation to his prostate.
Castiel growled in anger at being locked in here when he felt the magic lift suddenly and he barged through the door into a long hallway his eyes landing on Meg who was rushing towards him the retreating figure of a male walking away from them down the hallway. Castiel narrowed his gaze as he looked after the man watching as the other wolfs shoulders seemed to stiffen the longer his gaze stayed on him till the man began jogging down the stairs as if to escape his gaze.
Castiel ripped open the door, running smack dab into the devil himself, Dean Fucking Winchester. Dean chuckled, holding out a hand to Castiel on the floor.
“You mean don’t become one again, Sam,” Dean replied a dark edge in his tone as his green eyes met those hazel orbs that almost seemed to recoil at the darkness held within them. What he’d seen in Lilith, what he’d done to Lilith haunted him every day, and that was the first time the council of witches visited them. They’d sensed his power, sensed it going dark no different than Rowena’s. They warned his mom that if he didn’t get his powers under control, they’d come for him. What they meant is they’d kill him before he could tip into the realm of dark magic that Rowena so readily played in. The council couldn’t touch her because she always knew when they’d come. Her power wasn’t so different from Dean’s, and she controlled those around her to ensure someone would always be willing to die for her to protect her if they came. That’s why she’d chosen Castiel’s family. It was a miracle Chuck had woken up at all.
Castiel met Dean’s gaze slowly his heart beating rapidly in his chest waiting for the answer. Dean licked his lips shifting from foot to foot before he answered. “I wanted to see Castiel squirm. I wanted him to beg for his son back, and when he realized he wasn’t ever strong enough to be able to get his son back I wanted to see the defeat in his eyes. After that, well, I really hadn’t thought that far ahead.”
“What the hell happened, Cas? You were fine. I know the full moon is a week away, but you were doing just fine!” She shouted her anger and frustration clear and Castiel understood, he really did, he didn’t know why she stuck around, but he was grateful she did despite everything he’s done. Birds shuttered flying away from them, wood nymphs sticking their heads out from the trees their yellow eyes watching their argument unfold in front of them.
Castiel sighed heavily shaking his head. “Not that bad. Something… in between.” Castiel muttered his gaze turning back to the wolf who continued to glare silently. Meg shifted and Castiel glanced at her the beta giving him a not so subtle raise of the eyebrow. Her look read ‘your full of shit’, but her scent was calm and blank giving nothing away.
“Oh I will bring him back.” Sam said with conviction.
“Please,” She asked once more and the alpha huffed nodding and stepping out of her way. The woman was beautiful with soft green eyes and golden hair. Her omega scent was of vanilla and roses, a truly calming scent. It made Castiel feel tired, and even more broken as his resolve wavered again at the sincerity in her eyes. She studied his gaze long and hard watching as he flickered his gaze between her and the wolf who had finally stopped screaming his chest heaving his hands and mouth covered in imagined blood his eyes screaming murder. He was ready to take over.
Sam shook his head his shoulders dropping his mind plagued with all the other bullshit going on beside his brother. Sam was just tired. He was worried about Cas, worried about killing his brother, and worried he couldn’t actually cure him. “You want me to debate you? This isn’t even the real you I’m talking to.”
The few people who had already arrived at the door talked in hushed tones.
“Oh dear, it is very simple. All I need is for you to do what you already desperately want to do, tear Castiel apart and kill the omega, Dean, the one who destroyed your pretty little mind and who is now taking Castiel for himself. They’re located in the Winchester clan up in the north.”
Hannah nodded. “Get some sleep, Castiel. You need it.”
Dean quickly complied and waited as Castiel squirmed adjusting to the feeling. Once Castiel went still Dean scissored his fingers moving them in and out opening his angel up adding another finger before he thought Castiel was ready.
“Mary.” Castiel murmured looking back over at the baby.
They drove for miles weaving in and out of trees till they neared the border of the elven territory. They dismounted from their bikes and picked them up walking them a good distance from their tracks and set them back down. Meg ran her fingers over the bikes the tips of her fingers glowing blue as she cast a light spell of concealment over them to hide them to the naked eye. She was a werewolf through and through, but somewhere in her bloodline was a fae and she used that little bit of blood to her advantage often. They shifted in pained silence their bodies cracking as they went and ran the rest of the way into the elven border. Castiel shuddered as they passed through the enchanted borders the magic tingling his skin. Castiel didn’t know what the magic was that they cast over their borders, and he didn’t want to know. If the police followed them this far, they wouldn’t dare cross the border and by the time they got the elves cooperation to get the clearance to search the area, they would’ve already snuck back for their bikes and gotten the hell out of dodge.
Castiel was confused by this man’s questioning. “I do believe demons exist, but God did not create demons. Lucifer did.”
Castiel growled. “Oh no? Is that not what you told me in my room that you wanted me to suffer? Is this not what you wanted to see?”
The ‘basics’ were extremely easy for Castiel and Gabriel. Both Winchester brothers complimented Castiel and Gabriel, often turning all the attention on them. While Gabriel preened under the attention, it pissed Castiel off more than it did on a daily basis. There were plenty of other people in the fucking room who were doing just as well as they were, but the Winchesters seemed to only know how to shower people of Novak descent in attention.
Gabriel chuckled and pushed Castiel forward. “Oh come on, Dean-O, you talk about how much you want in--”
Castiel bolted from his bed for the door easily being thrown back against the wall with a flick of Dean’s wrist. Castiel cried out fighting against the invisible chains. “Dean. Dean please don’t he’s your son too. Please don’t hurt him.”
Castiel’s heart stopped at those words. He didn’t say anything for a long time. “It doesn’t matter if he’s alive, Sam. He’s no longer human.”
By that time Castiel was withering on the bed begging for Dean’s cock. Dean placed a finger on Cas’s mouth, “Shh baby don’t worry I’ll take care of you. I’m not going anywhere.”
“So do I Cas, and you’re not going to believe this.” Sam said excitedly the sound of his movements coming through the phone.
Castiel forced the memories of fighting off demon after demon to get to Dean on that rack, and began to move counting on the fact that the demon’s attention was solely focused on Dean. Dean rolled his eyes. “Really? You’re going to lie to me? I know you know where Crowley is. You were always hovering around us. I’m giving you one more chance. Where is he?”
Dean glanced up at his brother smiling wickedly, “I got myself a little companion. What about you? Where have you been the past three days?”
When Dean left the room Castiel whispered in the demon's ear. “Is your vessel alive anymore?”
Dean walked forward towards the large crucifix and the pull towards Castiel was extremely tight pulling a small grunt of surprise from Dean how strong the pull was. He looked around the little shine place for their ‘savior’ and found a section of the wood on the cross was carved into.
Dean could feel the fading angel’s grace pulsing faintly around the corner, and he grinned to himself. “Come on angel, don’t you want to talk? You know, face the righteous man you sacrificed everything for?”
“No. It’s an abomination.” Castiel flinched at the cold detached tone of Dean’s voice.
It wasn’t, and he knew it, but he got his point across. “You’re not like this, Dean. Don’t start controlling and manipulating people. That’s the very thing he’s terrified of. Don’t become a monster.” Sam rumbled and Dean’s lip curled in defeat. Sam wasn’t wrong, but there wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for the alpha who even now he could clearly see him looking at the beta who’d spent so many years saving him. He could see the tears on her face, could hear Castiel comfort her, just compartmentalizing it and shoving the incident away. He’d do it again; he’d control her again just to have that moment again where he started to see Dean as a person, not a monster.
Castiel groaned, resting his head against the mirror, breathing heavily as he fought against the heat pooling in his stomach.  “Fuck, Dean, I’m gonna...”
Castiel froze. When the hell did Dean hear him play the piano? Gabriel answered for him. “Maybe one time you can come hear him play Sam-O. He plays during lunch in the music room. Our parents put him through lessons since he was five, and he’s sort of a badass. You should see him at sports though, talk about a winner.”
“You’re coming here?” Castiel asked in surprise while Gabriel huffed in feign hurt.
“What will you call him, Castiel?” Hannah asked as she finished healing him.
“What?” Meg asked her brow furrowed in confusion and Castiel ran another uneasy hand through his hair looking at her with unease a heavy weight settling in his stomach.
Everyone stood at once advancing towards Castiel like a pack to weed out the lone wolf who encroached on their territory. Castiel stiffened as his other half appeared in front of him red eyes gleeful. “
Dean’s eyes flashed up to Castiel’s in the mirror surrounding the room, his eyes filled with lust and a challenge. Just as quickly as it was there, it was gone, the shit eating grin and the cocky bravado back. Dean turned towards Sam.
Dean raised his eyebrow his expression unimpressed. “When I realized what was happening, I went, and I found you. Meg was able to get you away from her because she’s a powerful druid, but I’m better at mind games than she ever will be. I sent her into her deepest nightmares and dragged her to jail.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes then and stepped out of the way his head jerked towards the stairs. “She’s up there waiting for you. You should go see her,
Hannah sighed and helped him to bed. They had to get him another grace to be able to sustain his life force and his child but he was growing weak again. He was thin and sickly looking no matter how much he ate and tried to take care of himself. He couldn’t wait for his child to be born.
“You ready, angel?”
Sensing his thought the omega looked up from his nose his fingertips alight with a golden light. “She’s a druid and was bitten at a young age and turned into a werewolf. That’s why she knew where to poke and prod to gain control of your wolf. She’s dangerous.” Dean gave quietly just as Castiel’s nose snapped back into place a string of curses falling from his lips.
Castiel moaned in response when Dean hit his prostate again and again bringing back the burning heat in the pit of his stomach. “Fuck, Dean, I’m so close again.”
“You know what happened. Chuck was beating on me, my wolf offered a way out, I took it.” Castiel muttered something twisted in his gut a bad feeling like that felt like a knife carving his insides out. Meg’s expression darkened her fingers twitching in irritation. His wolf growled not at him but at her as if he knew something Castiel didn’t. He didn’t want to have this conversation.
With that he walked away, and out the front doors of the cathedral with his bag in hand. Castiel attended his nightly duties of maintaining the cathedral. Some of his less known duties were blessing water, taking stock of all their weapons, making sure they had enough rock salt, and making more devils trap bullets.
“My name is Castiel.”
He was smirking walking slowly towards the Priest, “Well, well what do we have here?” Castiel backed up further into the room the demon circling him like he was a predator stalking his prey.
Dean pushed himself off of Castiel and pulled out of him watching with an amused smile as his own cum spilled out of Castiel. He pulled his pants on and started to walk away when Castiel’s deep voice caught his attention. “Where are you going?”
He brought me into a hug. This incredible, caring young man held me, allowing me to smell the rain on his skin until he started shaking from the cold.
"Sorry, my social skills are rusty, but I am not intentionally trying to be a dick." I conceded with a temptative smile.
"Dean," Cas' voice echoed in the bunker from the top of the stairs as he made his way down.
In my dark bedroom,  I lay awake for nearly an hour, feeling his body against mine, listening to the slow, steady rhythm of his breathing.
Dad looked stunned at Cas, who kept walking at an even pace and was now mere feet away from us, ignoring the bullets hole in his suit and trench coat.
February 7
He was staring at me, clearly trying to make sense of my reaction, piercing eyes  stripping my soul bare. He looked like a capricious prince from a tale from
I panicked, there were no other words to describe it. I barely mastered the strength to get him some money for a taxi back, before running away from him. Vainly trying to put as much distance between us, before I surrendered even more of myself to these amazing green eyes.
"Gabe calls me Jimmy; I hate it, but he is my oldest friend."
I put a knee on the floor, I heard his breath halt, and I waited just long enough to see if he would stop me. When he made no move, I worked the soaked double knotted lace before getting the boots and wet socks off his feet.
His anger or nervousness was visible in the tension in his jaw.
"Yes, of course." I had to bite my tongue not to add
I wrapped his body in the towel, and let him step out of the tub, feeling his lean body through the soft fabric.
"Nah, it's okay." He seemed a bit hesitant.
Finally, Dad asked, whisky in hand and finger raised, "
You know, like before mom died, before yellow eyes, no hunting, no need for Cas' mission."
He was there, in the flesh, in his black jacket, bearded, and sharp-eyed -  standing in the bunker.
Cas' raised an eyebrow so slightly,
Sam gave me a dark disappointed look that Dad ignore as he wipes a tear at the corner of his eye, "So funny,"
“Yeah”
"I apologize. "My voice broke. I knew I had been wrong; I just did not know how to make it right.
It was peaceful and the happiest I’d felt in years.  I didn’t want this moment to disappear. So I just stared at him, knowing he would be gone in the morning. I let my mind wander to an impossible world of shared mornings and quiet cuddles, where I was his and he was mine. I fell asleep, my first night without a nightmare in months.
Cas stared at Dad as if he saw him for the first time, clocking his head on the side.
Back in the map room, I could not believe that Dad was there in the flesh, sitting at the table, looking the same as he did in 2003, when he was 47, suddenly I realized he was almost my age now...
I had this stupid instinct of wanting to reassure him, "
Dad had a slight, sad smirk, "
"Or I could drive you back."
"What the hell?" Dad turned his attention to Cas he grabbed his shotgun and emptied it into Cas's chest.
"Yes, yes.. Dad mumbled.
Not that I had thought he was a Dom, (I have no gaydar, and I would tell you that Lil'Nas X is the straightest man alive, I would believe it. Just hopeless), but my subby-spidey sense is amazing (or should it be called subdar?) It's like I can always tell if someone is submissive in the bedroom... And my spidey sense was tingling. I was sure this man was a sub, even when he was all bossy, in charge, and intimidating. There was no doubt in my mind; the moment I saw him, I just knew... And I was so fucking right!
Thank you so much to Shannon_Kind and mslilylashes. It’s hard to express how grateful, I am for your help and support, it means the world to me.
Sam gave me a look. "Let's get some whiskey in the kitchen," he muttered.
"Too sexy for you? Afraid you won’t be able to control yourself?" he asked mockingly.
I asked carefully
"It's nothing." Even I could hear how weak I came across.
We called him the angel (glancing over his role). So quickly, so naturally, we slipped back into our childhood habits of keeping everything Cas related silent in the Dad's presence. We had been too afraid of betraying him or revealing our transgressions of his damned rules. In some way, we were protecting our fleeting happiness. I feel like such a fucking coward, and it was making me nauseous.
"Phone? I need to call a taxi." I could tell his patience was stretched thin.
"You will not disrespect your sons ever again,"
I remained silent, and there was no point in confirming. It wasn't a question; he just knew.
"They are better men than you could ever imagine,
I heard him, as he grumbled, "Fucking sissy." I ignored him; I didn't fucking care of what he thought. He was not worth it.
That should be ridiculous... This child is a Dom. However, I just nodded, and let the silence control the conversation. The boy had lowered his eyes and braced himself waiting for my reaction. After another moment of silence, he looked into my eyes.
His eyes seemed to zoom in on me. "You were crying, dude?"
"Thanks for not laughing; it's kinda the best reaction I have gotten so far." He said, his honesty disarming.
" he paused,
Softly Dean nestled against me. His body was warm against my skin, and he felt pliant under the cover. I marveled at this wonderful naked man in my bed. It was fulfilling a  deep-seated need  —  not for pain or humiliation, but for the closeness of holding someone in the dark, for the domestic, banal tenderness of a shared bed.
He whistled. "Nice bathroom, dude. Look at that tub."
I had knelt for him, felt his gaze searing my skin, the phantom warmth of his touch still present on my neck — this young man, whose pleasure was still marking my skin, his taste lingering in my mouth. I was a doctor, for God's sake, and I took that risk. Why would I do that with someone I knew nothing about? I knew better than that, and yet at the moment, I just couldn't resist.
I did, to greedily drink in the sight of Dean in a towel, still looking like my Arabian prince.
I tried to gather my senses, already missing worshipping of Dean’s body. There was a silence.
But Cas didn't miss a beat, let go of me, and made his way to Dad. He crouched to be at eye level.
He interrupted me  "No, not like that. I am a Dom, dude,"
"James Castiel, most people call me C. or Castiel."
I heard his breath halt.
"My phone died, it's fucking pouring, and I didn't take your hooker money." His tone was harsh and unforgiving — not that I deserved being forgiven.
Thank you so much to the patience, kindness and great and thoughtful input of Shannon_Kind and the encouragement, support and amazing suggestions of mslilylashes.
Cas stood up and looked at me, "I'll be in our room," and he left. Dad was still stunned, on the floor, looking haunted as if his life flashed in front of his eyes.
Dad demanded, "
"I-" I was stuttering.
"Do you mean geriatric?" I quipped back, feeling uncomfortable with his honesty. how to react to being hit on by this too intense, too young man.
So I went on with, feeling both dirty and delighted, seeing Dad nodding softly.
"Please let me" I dropped to one knee on the floor, only this time, I waited for Dean's express permission to touch him. He paused, regarding me passively as a slight shiver passed through my body.
Guarding the dark metal door of the local BDSM club, Perdition, the new bouncer with his winged Mister B T-shirt was apparently strongly  objecting to my lack of spiky collar or leather pants. God, I really hated having to play dress-up just to get into a fetish club, and that people seemed to think that just putting some leather on, would magically turn the first assbutt off the street into a Dom.
I dried myself, still shivering, and put on a bathrobe. I found myself aimlessly wandering in the house, finally settling in the living room, looking for some signs that he had been there, trying to reassure myself that it hadn't been a fever dream. On the coffee table, a one hundred dollar bill was folded neatly, accusatory.
It's the voice of Castiel, Commander of heavenly armies.
"Good night, Dean," I whispered against his ear, his hair brushing against my lips.
?" asked Dad. Then, suddenly, I realized that Dad probably saw a broad man looking vaguely like Sammy, not like a nineteen-year-old twink that went to Stanford.
"No, I mean confident, in charge," he explained.
"No, stay with me."
At this point, I just realized we did not mention Cas' name, not once. We were there bragging about his accomplishments, yet we kept his name out of it. In the retelling of our entire adult lives, our hunts, our fights, battles, and apocalypses, putting fifteen damned years on the table, we left him out... I realized ashamed.
"I know, ok, Sam, let's just talk to him and figure the next step when Mom is back. "
"Dean"
"Only if I sleep with you," he demanded, brash and irresistible. "Like in the same bed," he added in a more tempered tone.
"We are together..." my voice was smaller than it should be, but it has a harsh edge. My fists are tights on my side, my whole body probably screams, don't fuck with me. How do you describe what Cas and I shared? He has been my everything, my lover for twenty years, and my best friend for my whole life. I knew it would sound ridiculous to Dad, and I could not bear the thought of it being touched or sullied by him. I would safeguard it the way I did not protect Cas in the past.
He would be fine. He seemed like he could take care of himself; his demeanor was so self-confident, almost cocky. He could handle himself, and we did not really know each other. It didn't mean anything…
Despite the loud music, the bar felt silent, like the murmurs of the conversation had quieted down, and all eyes were on us. I had bled here,  screamed here, but never knelt here for anyone but Bal.
They both ignored me. Cas's hand moved forward to touch Dad's forehead. He paled further and flinched.
Sam spoke first. His voice was harsh, commanding,
"I am sorry." I repeated.
"Doesn't fucking matter, I just want to go home." He sounded exhausted.
I sighed heavily. I just didn't have any control left; I would have done anything if he had stayed, pleaded for his touch, any touch, soft or painful. Begged to be used and hurt, crawled and kneeled. I would have found so much pleasure in giving him everything: my dignity, pain, control, and submission. I would have handed myself over completely to satisfy this boy.
"I know what I want, and I want this…" he declared, moving his arms to encompass the whole crappy bar and its kinky patron. "I feel it; this is me. I can't explain it — I just know what I want and what I need.” His face was open and eager; and the hunger in his eyes resonated with me. I could recognize it in myself. I had had that same certainty as a young man,  wanting, needing, craving submission — almost physically —   with that same hunger.
His hand raised my chin gently. "Look at me," he instructed; his first order serene, commanding… perfect.
"No, I want to stay with you," he said in the same tone as when he overruled me with the safeword; it did not leave room for discussion and made my knees feel weak.
I was aware of Dad's eyes on me, judgmental and harsh, openly ashamed and disgusted with me for being weak and fragile.
Sam stood there, stoic, looking at Dad as if he was not done with him.
"Man, I love baths. It's been so long."
He considered me in my robe, not quite begging to dry his clothes.
After several long minutes, I finally found the strength to stand up and make it to the shower. I stepped inside, trying to let the spray of the hot water carry everything away. My hand found my erection, but I knew I didn't deserve release; I did not earn it. I turned the warm water off, brought both hands to the cold tiled wall, and started sobbing. The tears and the increasingly cold water from the shower blended together, and found their way down the drain.
"Hooker money.” I repeated like an idiot.
supplied my treacherous brain.
"Would you like a bath? It would warm you up," I offered, in the hope of finding an opportunity to redeem myself.
He yawned. "Nah, sleep well, Cas."
At once, all I felt is overwhelming pride for Cas at his courage, strength, and restraint.
"Yeah."
"It's commander," I added because I am such a Smart-ass sometimes.
When I finally made it to my bed, I felt exhausted and vaguely nauseated. I laid down, and had just closed my eyes when the doorbell rang. It was late, and I tried to ignore it, but after the third ring, I grabbed my robe, and made my way back downstairs.
My boy was named Dean... it suited him somehow. This antiquated name only seemed to highlight his youth and his wounded fiery confidence.
"Why would you do that?  Just throw me out after... after a mind-blowing orgasm."
Sam sighed deeply. "I am so sorry."
I am frozen, fucking useless. This cannot be fucking happening.
The boy continued, "It's like being gay, you know? I just know it, here." He poked way too hard at his chest, "I know what I don't want, and I don't want someone like me. I don't want some kid; I want a man; who knows what he wants-, — someone that moves like he owns the world, someone in control, Someone like you."
The bunker fell in darkness, illuminated by the red emergency lights.
I could feel Sam become tense, the righteous anger he had as a little kid trying to protect Cas, the roaring anger he had as a teenager before moving with Bobby bubbling at the surface.
"How does it feel?" He asked greedily, echoing my previous question back to me.
"What happened?"
Gabe had been more than patient with me through my heartbreak; he had been there the whole time.
," I said, cringing even as I answered with a mix of pride and embarrassment. I was there, 40 years old, and still trying to impress this asshole. I knew it was wrong; it felt it, but I couldn't help myself.
"We are going to need a stiff drink," I said.
Through the silence, Cas moved forward slowly, with each step, his wings opening.
" Dad asked, leaning towards us, patient, interested.
Still unsure as to why, I said, "Well… If you come back to my place… you can."
No, was on the tip of my tongue — I didn't know how I would react; it was too much, too fast. Could I really afford to lose any more control in front of this beautiful boy? I hesitated, but then took a deep breath before finally relenting and nodding. I bowed my head as he took a step forward.
Without a doubt — he  would be stunning in a few years with those intense green eyes, the way he looked at me, as if I already belonged to him. People were bound to notice him, and he would certainly turn heads. I, myself, could only imagine what such eyes could make me do.
"I am sorry," I repeated for the hundredth time that night. “Please let me run you a bath now to make up for it.”
"First time?" I followed up, trying to sound a bit kinder, even though I knew it had to be, as he seemed so out of place in this place.
He placed his hand on his mark on my shoulder, reassuring me, soothing me. Gently he cupped my jaw, running his fingers softly against my face.
"Sam," Mom was at the top of the stairs, "What are you talking about?"
the boy said, and relaxed slightly, rubbing the back of his neck. He smiled a genuine, happy smile then, that concealed nothing of his inner life.
He had flinched at the sight of Dad. I can see his knees starting to buckle under his weight, his hands moving to his back. My breath caught in my throat.
The man in the shadows was about my height. I couldn't take my eyes off his figure.
The moment the light came back up, I asked
Dad chuckled and sighed softly. He put his hand on his mouth in a familiar gesture that I recognized in myself.
"Have you... " God, why was I having this conversation with a kid? I should walk away, find Gabe and Kali, and just let him discover the perverted rabbithole on his own. Instead, I asked, "Do you have any experience?"
He sighed
"I am dressed as an overworked doctor who has had a long day, and is just looking for a good old-fashioned whipping.” I snapped, knowing I should probably be friendlier, and that I  was coming across as a tired, demanding a-hole.  I sighed; the day had been too exhausting, due to us constantly being short staffed
"Walking back? It’s miles away."
"Mary," Dad chocked up, clearly not believing his ears
I looked around surprised, yes it was beautiful, a bit over the top maybe. I had forgotten.
After seven years, it still stung to see him with someone else, especially here, where I could see Bal doing  the same things he had done with me, now with someone else. I stood there, choking on with longing as I listened to Alfie's sharp breath upon impact, saw the way his body braced and then relaxed.
Dad's smirked and turned to me, laughing
How could I explain that the little time we had together was the closest I’d felt to someone since Bal. My life had this huge gap where a relationship should be. I knew it made no sense; that it was not appropriate, that he was too young —  or maybe I was just too damn old and too broken. For the last seven years, I shared scenes with so many people and never felt the thrill and deep satisfaction I encountered at his feet. This taste of quiet contentment had reopened all my longing for a genuine connection. It made the yearning for and absence of any real, meaningful relationship sting afresh. I wanted to explain that I cried for all I had lost, and all the things that never were.
"Yes, sir"
"Dad" Sam's tone is a warning, but the old man did not know that. He did not know the man Sammy became.
It felt amazing, arousing, being there at his feet, feeling all eyes on us. "Fine," I said, my voice lower than usual, rough and dismissive.
"I was walking back to Perdition, my phone died."
Dad mumbled, "
"What's your name?" He asked, pulling me from my daydreams.
I left the boots in the hall and led him to the master bathroom. I had planned to give him some privacy to get out of his wet clothes, and bring him some grey sweatpants and a T-shirt while his clothes dried. We were about the same size, though he might have been a couple of inches taller.
"My righteous man, My good boy," I still don't know if the term slipped from our safe, happy sphere or if it was intentional, but it felt good, soothing. He was trying to reassure me, but we both knew that I was the only cause and reason for his suffering.
When I opened the door, the boy was standing there, drenched from head to toe. His dark flannel, now looking black, was sticking to his lean frame.
God help me, at forty years old, I blushed. "That’s very flattering, and you are...” magnificent, incredible and beautiful, ”... uhm, attractive,” I settled on, feeling like such a coward,“but I don't switch-I- "
I sighed again, just about ready to give up, already planning to retreat to my bed  with some Ben & Jerry’s , when Gabe suddenly appeared and convinced the kid to let me in. As we made our way inside, I caught the bouncer's skeptical whisper, "Can you believe this guy is a sub?!"
The reno has been Bal's pet project. He had meticulously planned every fixture, imported the free-standing bath from some fancy German manufacturer to match the tiles brought back from our trip to Italy. I had enjoyed his enthusiasm, but had not actively participated.
I obeyed immediately. I could sense his victorious, wicked smile. He had figured out another piece of the puzzle — he learned fast.
Instead, I got punched in the face with a nasty left hook before being kicked - crashing to the ground.
"You don't have to; I have a couple of guest bedrooms you can choose from. They are comfortable." I offered, hoping he would decline.
To my shame, new traitorous tears appeared, and suddenly I was crying in front of the boy. I closed my eyes to shut the tears down, to ignore his gaze. I hadn't broken down in front of anyone since Mosul, but I was broken by this child and his righteous anger and tenderness.
"Close your eyes."
in his bath —  spoiled, tyrannical, beautiful. I  would attend him, delighted and honored; I would be his, and I could imagine my knees sore from the shiny marble of some extravagant palace.
Whatever the reason, right there in that seedy leather bar, I gathered the little grace I still had, and sank to my knees, clasped my hands behind my back, and waited for my boy’s reaction.
Cas' face echoes all those horrible nights, where I find him on his knees next to our bed, our past taut on his shoulders, his cold body frozen in trauma and pain.
“I’m good, that’s enough”
"The clothes should be dry. Let me get them for you.”
"How does it feel?” I asked.
He seemed a bit mollified. "I did that." His finger collecting the last tear on my cheek.
"Mary," he repeated, his voice breaking.
Going to bed was mundane.  I gave him a toothbrush... It felt domestic and comfortable. He crawled under the covers, dropping his towel on the floor. I followed him in bed.
"Your eyes, they are red. Shit, it's all my fault; I should have to be there for aftercare. Man, I knew supdrop was a real thing." He squeezed my shoulder, reassuringly. "You're okay?"
Traffic accident frequency increased during this time of the year, and lack of infrastructure for pedestrians doubled risks. I could not let him leave on foot.
Did I make myself clear?"
He continued, though, still intense and excited, his hands moving in the air. “I just want something, anything. Something basic like some guy kneeling for me...
A deafening silence, I could not take my eyes from Cas,
I stood there frozen until Gabe tapped me on my shoulder and pulled me slowly to the bar “You are okay, there Jimmy? Let’s get you a drink" bringing me back into the main room.
I felt my body tense and brace under his control.
Gabe was in this full kinky regalia, shiny black leather pants, spiked cuffs, and eyeliner, a creature between a sexy pirate and an 80s rock star. Kali was dressed as a glamourous, fully adult version of Wednesday Addams, holding a leash matching Gabe's collar.
"So sorry, please come in."
Trying to get up, I heard the metallic click of a shotgun being cocked. Then in a low familiar voice,
"Sam, you get it, right? If we had the family together, Dad would never have changed, and Cas would not have to ..." I couldn't finish the sentence, but I did not need to explain either. Sam knew he understood.
Many Doms — maybe most Doms — would have wanted me to lower my eyes, but I wanted to see him, see this boy who had brought me to my knees in the middle of a crowded bar with just his words. I realized suddenly that I didn't even know his name.
I couldn’t quite make sense of my reaction either; let alone explain to this boy.
I knew in my heart that this was a waste of time, but Gabe and Kali were my friends, and it  seemed only right that I show up when they were kind enough to (make the effort to) ask me in the first place.
"Fucking awesome." He replied, as he moved towards me, towering over my kneeling figure. His eyes were wide, and he had a hard, mischievous grin on his face.
“Good”, he said in a clipped tone. It was clearly an order for me to stop.
"I think about you and Cas and how you raped Cas every fucking day...
Maybe because I had never done it here for anyone else, never given to them what I gave to Bal.
The moment the danger was out of the house, it should have been a relief, but I felt nothing but shame — shame for my lack of control, shame for my longing.
I suddenly realized that I was letting him outside in wet clothes. "I did not mean…"
When he was ready, I presented a large towel from the heating track.
I blushed with shame and arousal, again questioning how I could be so affected by someone I’d just met.
"It was my mistake," I said, taking a small step back in an effort to appease him.
The “baby” in question was a lanky, bow-legged boy with messy sandy brown hair, standing alone, and clearly out of his depth, his shallow cockiness barely masked his nervousness, as his demeanor screamed “newbie” and he was way too young to be here. He looked lost, and for some godforsaken reason, I found myself walking toward him before I could even think it through.
He was incredible, and his voice was heavy with with arousal as he said, "Fuck, I could come from this shit."
Soon the shadow of his full winged silhouette is reflecting on the walls of the map room. The electricity crackles and sparks seem to fly around him.
I had originally thought he would be stunning in a few years, but truthfully, he was stunning now, with his intense green eyes looking at me, eager, enthusiastic, and brave.
"Can I touch you?" He asked, his voice surprisingly steady.
"Cas is family; He has always been." The kid is still the better person, doing the right thing while I am still petrified, feeling 17 again, the biggest fuck-up ever, incapable of making the right call; I still don't deserve Cas, the thought hit me again like a ton of brick,
The leather of his steel-toe shoe found my hard dick between my legs. "Liar," he whispered, making my body shiver at the contact and  his accusation.
"Do you need me to set the alarm?" The word
, but that's not enough. I will never forgive you."
Dean howled with laughter. “You can’t exorcise me I was born into this body I’m not a flitting demon spirt you insolent fool!”
Dean hesitated for a moment. “At this point, Cas, I would almost say you’re an obsession. You’re like an infection plaguing my thoughts from the moment I wake, to the moment I sleep. I don’t want to fight this craving for you anymore, be with me just this once, Cas, and if you don’t like it or don’t want to take the risk I’ll leave you alone. All I’m asking is for just this once, then you decide.”
“What, you don’t wanna see you, big brother? I’m hurt, Cas, truly I’m devastated.” Castiel rolled his eyes his brother chuckling on the other line probably envisioning Castiel’s eyes roll. “Chuck is back to rule the pack so I’m free to go. I’ll hang out till Anna is ready to come home then I’ll be out of your hair.”
Castiel nodded and watched the Dean in the mirror open the up the condom packet much the same way he had done with the packet of lube. Castiel groaned as Dean’s cock slowly breached his hole. When he had thought of Dean having sex he’d never imagined he would be as gentle as he was currently being. He’d expected him to be rough and quick like he’d started out, but Castiel found himself enjoying this side of Dean much better.
WARNING trigger warnings for this chapter: Violence and brief thoughts of suicide
