I couldn’t handle it, the fear.” Pepper puts her head in her hands, and Steve sets a hand on her shoulder.
“Well, yeah that was kind of implied, was it not implied? Dammit that means I’m losing my touch.”
Tony makes an inarticulate noise at that because,
Steve shakes his head, “I don’t think that part matters as much. Relationships are difficult and you were still good for him. You guys worked it out. He loved you with all he had.” he gives her a smile. “Marital bliss.” and Pepper laughs wetly.
“Tara,” she says with a smile at Natasha. “You all can call me that if you wish. And can I just say, it's an honour to meet you ma’am.”
“We will adopt you with the single-minded purpose of disowning you, punk.”
fun, although he lacks a bit when it comes to posting photos on Instagram.
“I’m sorry.” Steve whispers, at a loss for what else to say, because if Tony had been unconscious for a month, Steve’s not sure he would’ve remained
“And I suppose I should be worried about the fact that all of you seem to be thoroughly familiar with the
much to him, not when the other Avengers have made it clear that they want Tony around, not when Tony barely knows him, hasn’t even spent two days talking to him, not when he’s already begun building a home here-
Tony slowly opens his eyes.
“No.” Steve says quietly back. “I think I’m more annoyed than angry. I just…” He trails off hesitantly, not sure if he wants to hear the answer. “...is it my fault?”
Tony.
‘the last time I trusted someone I lost an eye’ my star spangled
“You. I actually have no words.”
“Tony?”
“I was confused at how cold you were that first week. I remembered you from my childhood as someone so vibrant, and alive with love and laughter. You made friends with everyone. You drew me a picture of a robot I told you I wanted to build, while I was still a snot-nosed little kid. And Howard was one of your best friends. Yet you were a complete stranger when I met you in your castle. I think I was falling for you already in that month before I collapsed, because even unfeeling, you were just still so...
Steve frowns at the ceiling, surprised. Of all the things Tony could have said, this was the last thing Steve had expected. “What do you mean, you’re ‘
Steve blinks, surprised. “And you’re checking in with me? You’re always welcome here, you know that.”
There’s a small glimmer of light out of the corner of his eye, and it’s all the warning Steve gets before a quiet voice says from beside him. "Penny for your thoughts?" He turns to see the hologram form in full, flickering in unobtrusively.
“I don’t think there’s a need to go that far,” he says quietly, keeping his tone light, but Sam and Bucky look at him worriedly anyways, both catching the sudden tension. Steve doesn’t need a celebration for his return to a functional human being. He should’ve done it months ago, and it doesn’t feel like a triumph.
“No. It doesn’t.”
Tony raises a hand to tap at his chest, his fingertips clinking against the hard surface. “This is something I invented - an arc reactor. It slows the progression of the curse, even though it can’t stop it.”
Well. Steve hadn't intended to say
They kiss for a couple minutes by the lake, cool night air rushing around them, the moon rising slowly as the sky dims to black. Eventually they pull apart, and Tony offers Steve a hand up, pulling him to his feet as their friends and family talk and laugh and pack up, preparing to leave.
Which was apparently the wrong thing to say, because Sam and Bucky go straight back to arguing. Steve sighs and settles himself in to listen.
They sit quietly in comfortable silence, the lights of the lab still mostly off, sitting in darkness.
“Well.” Steve says, treading cautiously, a little bit confused. “What
Steve lets out a noise not unlike a hmph, and Pepper laughs.
The street is covered with swarms of a glittering substance that form into shapes and disintegrates at will. It’s a massive and deadly behemoth, fast, despite its size, unharmed by physical attacks, and magical ones don’t seem to hinder it much. Wanda destroys one of the masses, and it quickly reforms a few seconds later, deadly and quick as ever. The villain is nowhere in sight, apparently having escaped as soon as he had unleashed his little surprise.
Natasha responds with a small but warm smile. Clint gives Agent Jin an offended look, “What am I, chopped liver?”
“Who me?” he asks, and Bucky chucks a pillow at his face, which he dodges with a laugh, dropping the innocent-wide-eyed expression.
The recount of what had happened in the time Steve was out courtesy of Nat, Bucky, Sam, and literally every single person Tony has ever spoken about during their conversations - Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Clint, Bruce, Thor, Nebula, Peter, Harley, Shuri, t’Challa, you name it, they’re here - is as fantastical as Steve would expect it to be.
“I love you.” Tony says softly, and Steve freezes in place. His heart feels like it’s going to pound his way out of his chest.
“Tony-”
Tony suddenly points at Steve when he raises an eyebrow at him. "NO, no no no, you are not allowed to give me that
“Well, I assume you know where this is going then,” Buck mutters, “Surprise surprise; he’s been using the nanites. We tracked him down, got some inside information out of him. This entire thing goes...so much deeper than we thought. He’s not the one manufacturing or making the nanotech for his own use: there’s an entire black market
(See the end of the chapter for
There are families together at that wake, alive, together, and Tony is heartbroken that he won’t be there to help his little girl grow up, but she gets to live in a world that’s whole, and so Tony can’t bring himself to regret what he did.
There's a small rational part of Steve still screaming at him to stop, a last ditch effort, a voice of reason saying
“W-what?”
- looks over at Steve and raises an eyebrow at him, the expression so familiar that Steve’s knees almost buckle.
” Tony’s giving him an amused and fond look, his arms full of armour parts. It’s so difficult not to smile back, to cross the floor and pull Tony into his arms, but he manages to keep the blank look locked firmly in place.
Steve, you were one of the many people featured on the ‘Tony makes very bad decisions’ show. Probably half of New York has been wrongly accused by me at this point. So there, you’re not
Here, he can give all of his attention to Steve, listening him talk about his day and tell stories about a life long past. He lights up from within when he talks, and it's mesmerizing.
“I was worried about
“I…” Tony says hesitantly, looking bewildered and still not entirely convinced.
Steve waves Sam’s worries away. “It’s fine, the mission is first and foremost, and it’s not as if I’m not used to leading already. Besides, you won’t be gone for long.”
Steve shuts off the private comms on Tony’s indignant spluttering with a smirk and puts his concentration back on the fight.
Anyways, I'm just writing this to let you guys know that the story is currently undergoing re-writing. I still plan on seeing this through until the end, definitely, because I'm still in love with this idea, but I've realized after about three months of writer's block that I hadn't developed the plot enough before I started writing, and now I've written myself into a hole with no way to continue lmao. It's a learning process XD *shrugs*
Logically Steve knows there was next to no blood in their actual deaths. That doesn’t stop him from feeling like his hands are covered with it.
"Someone, get him out of range," Sam yells and Bucky is the nearest to Peter so he moves forward, but then the mass grabs him, stops him from making it to Peter's side, and Steve can't get away from the substance's pursuit of him, fighting desperately, and this is isolation tactics if Steve's ever seen it, his stomach dropping as a spike forms, and it’s chilling how coordinated everything is, clearly intending to kill, aimed at where Peter's still struggling to stand, and it's going to be too late, they're all going to be too late, they're going to lose someone else-
“Ugh.”
to make an effort with this, so he resolutely powers through the reflex trepidation and dread, makes himself systematically run through all of his excuses on why it would be a bad idea, decides most of them are kind of bullshit. Just him stalling.
“Wouldn’t deciding to post on more social media sites give us a higher chance of becoming compromised? The internet is public domain, anyone could search us up, including any enemies we fight.”
“Alright.” Steve says, thoroughly confused. “I’ll...keep that in mind.”
“Me.” Steve repeats in disbelief, mouth dry, voice so hoarse that it almost cracks.
"I'm-I'm fine...just...shit, probably some broken ribs?" Peter gasps out over the comms, breathing laboured. "I'll be ok, I-" he hisses sharply when he tries to move.
Steve helps her clear out the table after and wash the dishes, and then Pepper prepares coffee and sets down a plate of cookies on the table. They sit for a while and talk, arguing about how to eat oreos and dunking them in coffee.
Maria hisses, hand over her heart.
Finally, on the second anniversary of Tony's death, Steve finds himself once again, standing outside the lab. He’s against the opposite wall, hands flattened to it as he stares at the doors, not willing to step into range yet. He imagines he makes quite a sight, a six foot super-soldier cowering in front of a door.
Tony loves him. Tony actually and truly
"Um. Because you want me to leave?"
“Hail hydra” she whispers, a sharp hiss, and let’s go.
He thought he had been over this. He thought he had made it through the worst of the grief.
“She didn’t tell you?” Tony asks, turning back to his blueprints.
“Mr. Stark-”
Just the damage one small container of nanites can do; the Avengers have fought it twice, and almost lost someone just those both times alone, barely managed to defeat it. How do you fight something that’s intangible, is programmed with the ability to become
It's up to his shoulders, creeping towards his neck when the fire finally catches, the wood smoking and bursting into flames. Steve releases the pull hurriedly and then darts forward to  skirt around the fire.
“Leave me alone, I’m old and retired.” Everyone laughs, and after a bit more back and forth bickering, the topic is switched to more mundane things.
Steve huffs in response, letting a small grin replace his frown. “There is no Captain America voice. Captain America, aka one Sam Wilson is working undercover right now.”
“You need to actually respond to things, or Director Fury is gonna be on
“-oh which reminds me.” Pepper says, slipping from her story of Happy’s shenanigans as head of security at SI, “I’ve finally gotten a few days off-” Steve gasps dramatically, cutting Pepper off, who snorts.
Steve nods, and figures that’s the end of the conversation, but then Pepper surprises him when she continues.
really that the user desires, has next to no weaknesses. If someone is selling them as weapons...
“You guys go ahead, see if Harley wants to join too. I think I’m gonna turn in early.” he gives them all a small smile, and turns to go.
Steve smiles at him, warm and genuine, and Tony can't help smiling back.
Agent Jin rolls her eyes, taking a bite of her pancakes.
“Access denied.”
He lays there for a couple more minutes, and finally drags himself out of bed when his hunger becomes too much to ignore. Steve had been caught up in the argument and then so exhausted afterwards that he had completely foregone food last night, just collapsing on his bed and was out like a light two seconds later.
He helps out around the house, essentially being a live-in housekeeper in an attempt to find something,
Steve says none of this however, and simply smirks back at Harley, darting in for the first move as Peter cheers them on from the sidelines.
There will eventually be a reminder from JARVIS, or a call from Pepper, or a smirk from Natasha, a clap on the back from Hulk(ouch), a smile from Steve, a comment from Clint, a declaration from Thor, and Tony will remember and think, oh. So this is how it is. And he’ll smile back, that genuine imperfect thing he
Instead, Steve will occasionally see Tony talking or bonding with the other Avengers, joking around with Bucky(now that Steve thinks about it, they do have remarkably similar personalities), poking fun at Sam as he trains in the gym, following Bruce around as he does his experiments and helping him run calculations, laughing with Wanda and Harley as they watch re-runs of Friends.
“I could possibly be persuaded.” He says, beaming that all American smile at Agent Jin. She responds with a bright grin of her own.
“Well of course, mocking supervillains is my favourite past-time.” Tony grins as he hops up from the chair and Steve rolls his eyes at him.
"Oh I see." Steve looks amused instead of disappointed here, which is always a win in Tony's books. "So I suppose you wouldn't care at all to know that Pepper is about two seconds away from joining in.
because we have doctors if a person is injured, but you’re an AI and none of us even know how to
It’s the little things that begin to chip away until there’s nothing left. Until he’s the only one remaining.
The greetings as everyone files into Steve's room at about 3 am in the morning is tearful, loud and warm.
He nods to himself eventually, turning slowly to leave, wondering if maybe he’ll finally have found a bit of closure, but then freezes when he hears a humming noise.
It seems like a very routine villain, evil monologue, world domination, etc. etc.
when Steve hadn’t even known what had happened to him hours ago, so Steve reaches out one of his bandaged hands and gently cards his fingers through Tony’s soft hair, just to prove to himself that he’s here and real.
“Just out of curiosity,” Tony asks quietly, finally breaking the heavy silence. “were you and human Tony ever this shit at communicating?”
Tony’s mouth is twitching from where he’s watching Steve, hologram having walked over to lean (or appear to lean) back against the counter, dark, expressive eyes watching him intently and sparking with amusement.
He backs up until he hits the opposite wall.
“Thank you.” Tony says softly, smiling at Steve and placing a hand on the side of his face. Steve turns his head slightly with a cheeky grin and kisses it, which elicits a wet laugh from Tony.
about all of this, you probably already know and - ohhhh my
Tony frowns.
Tony blinks, surprised. “Yeah, definitely.”
“Steve?”
Instead, he stares at the sky as it darkens into evening, watches numbly as today slips away, keeps pushing forward, the unrelenting passage of time, too fast for Steve’s battered body to keep up with the changes it brings.
“Not your fault.” He says firmly, looking straight at the AI, who looks kind of startled at how fierce Steve’s protest is. Steve is a bit startled himself actually, because he still has no idea how he feels about this, but apparently reassurance is the one thing he can give at the moment.  “Definitely not your fault, don’t do that, don’t blame yourself.”
“Just so you know,” Harley begins, turning to Steve, “I used to get in trouble a lot at my school. I essentially sat through a
“I couldn’t impose on you-”
Tony nudges Steve in the side with a smirk, and Steve rolls his eyes, before planting a kiss on the top of Tony’s head and dragging him and Nat down from the ceiling to follow behind.
to be hurt, not after what he's said.
Steve sees Tony's face as the words hit their mark, anger and pain as he flinches, and there's a flash of memory, them in
Steve you adorable, bisexual mess XDD
There's a whir of machinery, a sound of repulsor fire, and the spike is pulverized.
“Thank you,” Steve smiles as he heads back to check on the food, “Pepper, Rhodey, Happy and Morgan are staying to eat so I thought take-out might not be the most appropriate thing.”
Steve smiles and makes his way to the kitchen, letting them get back to it.
Rhodey shuts the door behind him with a soft click and Tony sighs, setting down his pen.
“Hi.” He says, offering a small smile.
Nebula rolls her eyes from Tony’s other side.
“You NEED BACKUP, you
family event after all, and Steve doesn’t feel comfortable with intruding) is because Tony had asked him to stay until they arrive. So he is. It’s not exactly a hardship; he loves seeing Pepper, Morgan and Rhodey.
“Really?” He grumbles, disgruntled that he can't retaliate. There’s a couple of moments of silence, and although Tony can't actually see the kid's eyes or face he's pretty sure that he's being stared at incredulously.
, Steve knows Pepper has explained everything to her, but what if she doesn’t remember, what if, what if, what if-
It was only when Sam had given him a curious look and a raised eyebrow an hour later that Tony realized somewhere along the way, he’d started unobtrusively singing. Way quieter than the original songs of course, because Tony’s larynx doesn't do...that. Sam didn't seem to mind the quiet humming and muttering of lyrics as a backdrop to the whirring of machinery. And so without any further complaints, Tony had gone back to programming, absentmindedly singing under his breath. He loses himself in his work.
“What? No, Tony that wasn’t - I’m not
, and maybe you’re entirely fine and just somewhere ignoring me, but if there’s a slim possibility-I can’t- just avoid me if you need to, but just
Tony sits in stony silence and doesn’t say anything in response.
Despite what Fury’s ordered, it's another two weeks before the plan actually gets put into action. There's about one and a half taking over the world incidents, a run in with Justin Hammer (ugh) and a couple of minor villains to deal with, so everyone is understandably Not In The Mood ™ when Fury calls them to SHIELD headquarters to finally introduce them to their new social media consultant.
“Steve’s decked out like a little wife is what, all dolled up in lace.” Tony drawls, lifting his head from where he’s watching Harley draw, and smirking at Steve to the chorus of “oooohs” that take over the kitchen, Peter and Harley the loudest of all the Avengers. Tony raises an eyebrow at him, daring him to respond. It's a challenge if he's ever seen one.
Tony endures the next three minutes of his own singing. He knows he doesn’t have a bad voice. Far from it in fact, and he can definitely carry a tune. But there's just something about watching himself sing that just makes him want to cringe.
“Yeah, well you know me,” Tony breathes, exhilarated. “Adrenaline junkie.”
“Do you know how it feels Captain, to be
“Oh, I dunno Steve, not sure if you can handle it. Besides, Carol told me in confidence y’know, wouldn’t want to break her trust.”
He moves on quickly then, dusting off surfaces and tools and ignoring the holograms when they flicker to life because he disturbed the tables.
“Did you just walk into a glass door?” Tony asks incredulously.
“Good day?” Steve asks, smiling at how happy Natasha looks, and she laughs, giving both him and Tony a buttery kiss on the cheek.
“You take that back!”
. You're
"SPIDERMAN!" Steve shouts, and it’s echoed by those who witnessed his crash. Steve tries to run to him, but he’s blocked by the mass, which throws him back, slams him into a wall again. Steve escapes before it can pin him properly.
calm right now.
"Why would I make you?" Steve asks, bemused, and Tony looks about two seconds from throttling him.
“Sounds good.” Steve says, “I’ll mention it to Tony when I get the chance so he can decide when he’s okay with the visit.”
Tony snorts. “As if I couldn’t forge your handwriting.” Peter and Steve both swivel to look at the AI incredulously, both with slightly worried expressions on their faces.
And I was helpless to stay away, absolutely
cooler than your PSA videos” and then promptly turns a bright red.
“It’s not your fault, Steve.”
Steve is the only one who even resembles being fully awake, and is standing at the stove flipping pancakes. He’s wearing a ridiculous frilly pink apron.
There are empty takeout containers strewn all around the floor.
There’s snapchat notifications and facebook friend requests and dozens of different messages from everyone and Tony takes one look at it all and shuts off his phone entirely.
They end up at Tony’s new favourite burger place, a volunteer food place
Tara flails her arms indignantly.
Steve sighs, and decides to give him some time.
“-found him-”
“And why the hell are you
Steve snorted at that. “Ah, I see. Explains the arguing then.”
Ten minutes pass, and finally Sam calls in a request for backup. By that time Steve is already suited and waiting, ready to go.
They finally make their way through most of the events happening until the present day, and Tony throws an arm around Nat in comfort as the Screen shuts down.
“Get thee gone demon!” Tony groans. “Away! With your dastardly enthusiasm.”
“-Steve, oh God, nonono, don’t move sweetheart,
“I know we kind of sprung this on you, you’re retired and you didn’t really ask for it…”
immediately. It hurts even though Steve knows he has no
“Yeah, yeah she is. Her husband too.” she says, and Tony tilts his head to the side, curiosity taking over. “How exactly does that work?”
“Ghost hunters Tony? Really?” Steve finally grins at him, shaking his head. “
“I took your advice you know.” Tony says quietly after Bruce had gone off to bed, yawning. Steve looks over curiously from where he’s shutting the door, not entirely sure what Tony’s referring to.
Tony rolls his eyes.
“A noble tune.” Thor booms.
Steve nods again, because honestly, that’s all you can really ask for. For a start that leads to something brighter.
Because now that the numbness and shock have receded, he feels things, he feels
“We’ll check on them occasionally to make sure they’re not fucking up too badly.” Nat comments drily, smiling at Tony, who laughs.
Steve is confused again. He seems to be that a lot around this person.
“-anyways, back to my point you so
No, it's not that.
“-Steve!”
“Good.”
Now that he's calmed down, Steve isn't upset that Tony is bonding with everyone else. Despite the previous irrational anger, he doesn't
Steve rolls his eyes, amused. “Just come to a decision already, we’re kinda losing daylight.”
The man stares and starts cursing under his breath, standing up abruptly to pace back towards his makeshift cot near the still crackling fire. He looks agitated, and Steve sits up slowly from his lean against the wall to watch him.
He gives them each a heartfelt goodbye and hug, and gets a sympathetic smile from Happy, and an empathetic one from Pepper. He watches them get into the car and drive away, waving as they leave through the gate. Pepper and Happy seem to have become a sort of parental unit in the last two years, and Steve's glad, because Morgan should have a support system. Steve's still not certain if it's just friendship, but either way, he's pleased that they also both have someone to turn to when they need it.
That’ll come to pass and he’ll seek them out eventually. He’s gone through this routine enough times before the Avengers disbanded to know how it goes.
"Coincidences?" Scott asks, and Steve remembers that he hadn't been there for that particular battle. "You've fought this before."
Natasha watches the interaction from her perch on the couch, crunching a bag of pretzels with a very amused expression.
“No, I suppose there wasn’t really a way to transfer that. I don’t remember anything beyond what I’ve seen so far, and the fact that I know all of you. I also have a bit of cursory knowledge about all of your backgrounds, your relations to each other and me.” Tony makes a scrunched up face at Bruce. “That,” He says, pointing at him. “feels really weird.” indicating at where Bruce is flicking through code. “Ouch. Stop that. This is harassment.”
Duty is the only thing he has left, before the cold takes him as well.
“What,
“Miss them?” Tony laughs blandly, voice rising, “Why the hell would I
. There are no other words for it.
“I gotta go let Addilynn know,” Tony suddenly stops to say, and Steve sighs, half fond and half exasperated, because of
“You did
“We gotta get the visits out of the way first,” Tony says distractedly, eyes sparkling with excitement. “You know, seeing everyone, making sure they’re not fucking up too badly and all that…” and Steve exchanges an amused look with Natasha as he steers Tony away from the pole he had been about to walk into. Tony blinks.
She gets to Tony’s floor last.
“We will.”
that you had
“Let me know if you need anything, alright?” Steve says to them quietly over the sound of Morgan and Tony’s conversation. Pepper seems almost about to protest, going as far as opening her mouth, but Steve shakes his head slightly. This reunion isn’t for him.
, they’ll be fine.”
Pepper and Happy manage to arrive at the relatively new and rebuilt Avengers compound undetected, largely due to the cloaking mechanism Tony had implemented in their car, before, well,
Steve stands quietly out of sight and range of sound over the playing of the TV, not quite ready to join them yet. He watches as speeches are given about the bravery that had been shown by Iron Man, as the camera pans through the crowd, thousands of people dressed in black, and red and gold in equal measure, come to pay their respects again.
Clint snorts, and wipes at his eyes. “I don’t know what the fucking hell she was talking about. She was always the best. The best out of the two of us even if she couldn’t see it.”
“Of course,” he says quietly. “I admit...that was one of my main issues a few weeks ago,” he concedes quietly. Tony flinches a bit, and damn it,
“I know Steve,” Clint interrupts with a grateful smile. “It took me a while and a lot of yelling from Laura for me to realize that. That it’s not my fault. Natasha made her choice and I should respect it.”
Clint huffs, “Of course Tony gave you access,” he laughs sadly, “God I miss him.”
It’s chaotic and loud and messy, and Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.
"Close enough." He groans as he gets back to his feet, the girls immediately mimicking the sound.
a nanite suit when it
“Hmm. You mean since you saw me five days ago?”
“Stevie!” Bucky says, jumping up from the bed where his unpacked clothes are strewn all over the place. “Can you please tell mama bear over there that I will be
Steve puts a hand on Clint’s shoulder when his eyes well up. His voice is hoarse when he continues.
Pepper shakes her head and laughs at the end, wiping paint off her mask. “Boy am I glad that this is biodegradable, otherwise it’d be a nightmare to clean up.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, voice hoarse and cracking, and he looks so broken and vulnerable, cautious hope flickering in his wide eyes, as if he’s worried that Tony will disappear if he blinks. Tony can distantly feel his eyes welling up with tears.
“You were so handsome and charming and kind when I met you that one time as a child. The perfect king. I resented you every time I couldn’t measure up, resented you everytime Howard couldn’t see past the shadow of you to me. It was hard, when my own father left to go look for you without a second thought. It was harder when I landed all that time ago in your castle and saw you there, alive and well and uncaring while my own life had fallen to pieces.”
“Shit.”
“I don’t even go to school and I know it,” Clint comments as he passes by them to enter the kitchen and Steve rolls his eyes at Clint’s shit-eating grin.
Tony smiles back at him, even as his eyes are sorrowful, and changes the subject.
uncalled for.” Tony frowns at him.
flattering. "Hey sweetie. When did you get back?"
as each other, let alone have a conversation. It was always...difficult.
The silence is absolutely horrible, and Steve is petrified there, that he went ahead and said all of it in a moment of weakness, no holds barred, despite his resolve not to include Tony in his own problems and hangups, and now he doesn't know how to fix it.
She smirks.
“That only works on your daddy, princess.”
“What’s going on, what’s happening? I-” Tony whirls as the image dissipates and his expression is horribly wretched and lost. “When was this?”
oh my God, that’s not
, well that just sucks then, because it's
“You’re like twelve-”
Steve frowns. "Not particularly." And again there's that look on the man's face, peculiar and confused and searching before he sweeps it behind a dazzling smile. Steve is a little dazed by the beauty of it as the man steps closer to him.
Tony lets him know about Sam and Bucky’s return - and the subsequent team meeting - as soon as Steve enters the hangar, citing that they’ve also called in Clint, Hope and Maria Hill.
do, I’m the perfect angel-” his shit-eating grin belying everything he said and Steve rolls his eyes, jogging hurriedly down the halls to the front door.
“I don’t really need to even be here, my neck and shoulders are burned, not my legs.”
And then Steve finds himself being ushered inside to sit on the couch in the corner of the lab.
Tony makes him go sledding.
Finally, he becomes aware enough to realize he’s now on the floor, leaning against the base of the main workshop table, arms around his knees, curled into a ball. He’s shaking like a leaf, but he’s breathing normally now.
“Nah,” Tony cackles at the expressions on everyone’s faces, and then flickers in to stand next to Bruce, peeking around his arm down at the screen. “Just messing with you guys. AI remember?”
There are still sullen moments where Tony becomes withdrawn, when something doesn’t work on schedule and he gets that helpless look to his eyes, infinite sadness when he watches Steve.
He coughs. He grows feeble sometimes. Steve chalks it up to the cold at first, as he’s seen humans get sick from his winters, but this seems to go further, embedded deep into bones. It never goes any more serious than that, yet there’s an infinite amount of sadness everytime Tony hacks into his hand, and Steve doesn’t understand.
He carries Tony back to their rooms, because Steve tries to ask what’s wrong, tries to get Tony to talk to him, but Tony is unresponsive, is mumbling and incoherent, keeps hacking and gasping and
“Although, now that you bring it up, I did like that video you put out.” Steve beams at him. Tony looks at him, surprised.
Steve thinks rather petulantly, and yeah it’s childish; but it’s five am and he just got yelled at over a misunderstanding, so he thinks he should be allowed a little childishness at this point.
Tony draws away more, not meeting Steve’s eyes.
“Yes. I was young at the time.” Tony tilts his head down. “Wild. Careless. I didn’t give a shit about anything, not what I did or what other people thought. Not for any duty, and certainly not for my subjects. I wasn’t a good person. And I didn’t think much of the curse. We live for centuries after all. What could possibly kill us? Love? I thought it was ridiculous.” Tony murmurs sadly, smiling without humor.
Finally, he sighs and throws up his hands. Steve hears him say something along the lines of "oh
“Maybe later.” he responds, and Tony sees the parallel of emotion in Steve’s eyes and gets it, the same way that Steve understood Tony as he talked about Pepper.
"Uh huh. Sure.” Tony says tersely, lips thinning to a line when he presses them together. “That little comment you made during the battle. You call that civil?"
!” is the first thing Peter says, his voice almost a shriek, and then he rushes forward to give Steve a one armed hug, taking care to avoid his bandages. Steve stumbles back a couple steps, surprised, before he laughs softly and gives Peter a hug back.
and he shudders like he can feel it, that phantom shifting in his atoms as they all crumble to dust, because this time there would be no quarter from Thanos. A gruesome echo of five years past.
“No,” she says. “No. I think I’m good with what piece of him I’ve got here with me.” She says, gesturing at the house, at the beautiful life she built together with Tony.
He sits there by the lake afterwards in quiet contemplation, staring down at the clear water, dappled with light and reflecting the gentle sway of the canopy above as a breeze whistles through, calm and peaceful.
No. It’s a plausible theory and a possibility of course, but there's no point in working himself into a panic when he doesn't know all the facts and angles. He'll...he needs to talk to Tony. That part is unavoidable, and goes beyond just worry on Steve's part for Tony's well being (although there is
The rest of the team are collapsed in chairs around the kitchen table in various states of dress, each with a cup of coffee in front of them. Tony stumbles towards the coffee machine, and without looking away from what he’s cooking, Steve calmly hands him a steaming cup.
The kiss is languid and slow at first, but quickly turns into something heated, Tony parting Steve’s lips with his tongue so he can slide inside, taste him, and Steve’s mouth is so warm, and the noises he makes absolutely sinful. Tony pushes in closer, pressed body to body, Steve’s hands settling around his waist, which is a good thing because Tony’s knees might have given out as Steve continues to kiss Tony within an inch of his life, and does he even have knees anymore, because at this point Tony might just be a puddle of happy goo.
with the situation, my own problems and shortcomings not yours-"
“See, this is why Agent Jin had trouble.” Steve continues, amused smirk softening into a genuine smile. He pokes Tony in the shoulder, and Tony swats at him halfheartedly. “She doesn’t know how to negotiate with you.”
Tony spends more time in the warmth of his forges after that, working feverishly, and Steve does too. There aren’t as many duties anymore, as the population dwindles.
“Don’t worry. You’ll like the ending of this one. Hopefully.” Tony draws in a shaky breath and pulls further away from Steve to sit up at the edge of his bed, looking like he’s steeling himself. Curious, Steve doesn’t follow him up, remaining where he is.
“You might wanna come here and see this.”
He freezes suddenly, when he somehow ends up in a very familiar hallway. It doesn’t hit him at first, just exactly where he is, because the place itself is rather unassuming, all polished linoleum floors and fluorescent lights, but Steve isn’t interested in the decor of the place. It’s the high tech door set into the wall in the middle of the hallway, one with a variety of sensors and scanners.
There’s something to be said about the former Captain America hiding in a high-tech storage closet in order to avoid human interaction.
“..Yes? Yes. Yes I did.” Bruce had nodded, after Tony had notified them that Scott had just rang in, looking uncertain. “Yes, I remember asking Scott about how his trip was going during the phone call, that was something that had happened.”
Steve stays for hours after Morgan’s grip on his hand had gone slack with sleep, staring out of the window at the glittering lake where they gave Tony his final send off, lost in thought.
There isn’t anything to say that would make this better anyways.
“No regrets?” Steve asks, whispering the words into Tony’s hair. Tony tilts his head up for a kiss and Steve obliges him.
He recoils violently, backs up until he hits the wall of his room.
to enforce a bedtime. So thanks, but no thanks.”
“Given the way you are Tony,” she says, opening the lab door. “You and Tumblr are a match made in heaven, trust me.”
He heads for the fields around the Avengers property, and starts running, mind going blank, around and around and around, ignores everything around him, and just loses himself in the rhythm of his steps.
Although, when he’s sitting on the couch laughing at bad movie effects with the rest of the Avengers and Tara, chucking popcorn at the TV screen, with Steve sitting warm at his side, Tony has to admit that no matter how wide the internet may reach, it still can't really hold a candle to the real thing.
“I think you’re the last person that should be accusing
Pepper sniffs haughtily, “A lady never shows her age. I’m actually three hundred and twelve years old.” and Steve can’t help but laugh softly along with Pepper at that, because dumb joke it may be, both of them are acutely aware of
“Flerken,” Pepper corrects, giggling.
Steve’s straddling Tony’s thighs now, and with a happy little hum of satisfaction, leans down to kiss him. It’s a bit awkward at first, cause Tony keeps trying to pull away to speak, and Steve keeps refusing to let him, until Tony slumps against the pillows, sinks into the kiss.
Steve smirks at her. “How busy could he really be, being in the chair force and all.” and Pepper smacks him on the arm, telling him to shush. She knows Steve doesn’t mean any of it. He knows how much good Rhodey, and really any soldier does for the country, would never disrespect any of the service they’ve given.
“This is not dancing.” Steve points out reasonably. “You’re dancing. I’m being slung around like a sack of potatoes.”
she just remains so
The vehicle is parked beside them, prepped and ready to go. It's sleek and looks out of place among the ancient architecture of the castle, although it's become commonplace despite that. All of the kingdoms have become an amalgamation between magic and technology in the last couple years, partially due to Tony's idle inventing, and Stephen's spells. This particular vehicle is called the Quinjet, used for border crossings.
Sam nods, “Things led to nowhere after that. An organization is a lot harder to shake down for information, so we left before we could be discovered and headed back. Although, security was lax at that last location; the biggest obstacle was knowing, it wasn’t exactly Fort Knox despite the million dollars of tech.” Bucky reaches into his bag at that to pull out a small, clear box.
“Steve-”
“You know you could stand to antagonize them less.”
“I hear ya Buck,” he says fondly, giving him a cheeky smile.
“Ok rude.” he scowls, but his fond expression gives him away as Steve continues to muffle his laughter into his hand. Natasha is still there eating her pretzels and watching them as if they’re a very fascinating TV show.
He zones out slightly as he returns each of the stones, the process routine and kind of tedious. It’s child’s play to place all of them back where they belong, although he finds himself pausing briefly in 2012, to see Tony one last time, smiling and snarking, light and carefree.
Tony opens his mouth again.
“A miracle?” he offers innocently, and is warmed to the core by Tony’s resulting happy, carefree laugh.
“Um, no.”
“Well.” Steve grins. “If you just
Tony isn’t expecting it when Steve finally arrives.
“Wait, you mean to tell me,” Tony begins. “that you were
Tony, I was
(See the end of the chapter for
Fury sighs and visibly gives up trying to be professional about this. “Alright team, I’ll keep this short and sweet. This is Agent Jin.” The girl looks up from her laptop to give everyone a perfunctory nod, before going back to furiously typing. “She’s your PR consultant, and as a result shall be living with you in your little superhero tower. No you do not have a choice in the matter Stark.” Fury adds when Tony opens his mouth. “She’ll be moving in effective immediately, and I want all your accounts set up by tomorrow.” Fury looked to Agent Jin, and she looked up to give the Director a nod.
“I’m just
“Yeah okay, yes please.” He says, snickering. “If I keep going like this, it’s gonna be tomorrow morning by the time I finish the work.”
Steve told himself he would be all in when it comes to the AI after that first argument, his own hang-ups be damned, he’s
“I don’t feel warmer.” Steve lies, tone inflectionless, and watches in concealed disappointment as Tony drops his hand. It’s immediately negated by the fact that Tony grabs Steve’s instead, raises it up to his lips to plant a gentle kiss on his wrist.
There are trips to the mortal realm to bring about winter, the work unchanging for centuries, but it’s harsh and deadly because try as he might, Steve can’t always figure out how much is too much anymore. He watches as the blizzards rage and his subjects keep moving forward, going through the paces mechanically, and he pulls them back, as the Earth is frozen over with thick ice, as humanity is lost to the howling wind, but Steve can’t tell anymore, and neither can his people.
“Wow.” Steve says, numbly.
He glares at the lab doors, daring them to open.
“Did you?” Steve’s voice is hoarse, so he swallows determinedly before continuing, wanting to know what the inside of the lab is like now. “Did you or Rhodey or Happy?” Pepper shakes her head, subdued, and puts away the cups before joining Steve in leaning against the counter.
Somehow, it’s even worse than the injuries on his shoulder. There are dark marks ringing his throat, mottled burns, in a pattern, almost like fingers, but too alien, too irregular to be. The edges of the burns are purple and discoloured, like bruising. It’s not a pretty sight.
, heartless lines of code, and yet I'm just supposed to accept you as a replacement for him, without question, just like that?"  Steve laughs sharply, almost hysterically, and the transforming expression on Tony's face is awful, the anger sputtering out, gradual hurt taking its place, but Steve can't make himself stop talking. "And then I have to stand by and watch as you use his Iron Man armours, as you
“We missed you y’know.
Fury scowl deepens even more in Tony’s direction. “Your current media presence is not exactly the image we want the Avengers to project.” Tony opens his mouth to retort, possibly something along the lines of a cheerful “fuck” and “you”, but he gets interrupted by Steve before he has a chance to get a word out.
Steve isn’t actually there the moment they arrive back; it’s a rare break from routine (yeah, Steve knows he’s rather predictable) but Steve had run out of pages in his sketchbook, so he had been visiting the inner city, mainly shopping for some more art supplies, and other little things Bruce, Wanda and Scott had requested he buy. He could get most of the stuff delivered true, it’s mind boggling what you can do with online shopping here in the twenty-first century, but he’s always preferred to shop in person.
) with all the rest of his cobbled together family around to watch him cry and laugh and generally make a fool of himself. Tony’s never been happier.
Steve exhales. It's quite a lot to take in in the span of two hours.
Also just a disclaimer that I'll try and upload/write the chapters as frequently as possible, but I can't promise anything, so just be forewarned when reading this fic. I managed to post three chapters within the same day because I had finished them first before deciding to put it on AO3.
The first one is Fury, who Tony refuses to hug on principle, but he will admit the greeting is somewhat tearful. Fury doesn’t cry because Tony maintains that the man is a machine, but he’s definitely not unaffected.
“-you can just hand in a printed copy, I don’t see what the big deal is.” Tony’s hologram is in the middle of saying, hovering over Peter’s shoulder, who is currently clutching the pencil in his left hand with a wobbly grip. Peter shakes his head earnestly.
Tony ignores everything around him and soon drifts off into an exhausted doze. As soon as the rest of the Avengers are released, Agent Jin stands up like a woman on a mission and ushers them all downstairs and into Tony’s limo.
“Quick, hide all the chairs!” Harley wails, and they dissolve into laughter again, Steve included this time.
Steve stares down at his hands. “But then we lost Tony.”
Tony snorts. "I
Written in Steve's POV
Steve can't continue on, breathes coming sharply, and he sinks down to the base of the door, forehead still pressed to it.
“This topic is not up for debate. We have a PR issue I intend to fix as soon as possible, so I have assigned a junior SHIELD agent to help you work on the image you’re trying to project. She’ll get all of you setup for the standard sites needed, and everything you post will have to be approved by her first. I expect results by next week.”
They do that everyday, Tony whistling cheerily as he folds up his makeshift bed which consist of about a million blankets, stokes the fire, goes out to get more firewood. The first few days, Steve would leave while Tony does all that, to get a head start on things, but that would result in a rather offended rant from Tony, so eventually he had stopped doing it. He sits now instead on his bed and watches Tony do all these things, staying away from the fire as not to negate Tony’s work.
, shimmering over his skin and his desk and his shirt and probably his neck and even his face because he’s scratched an itch a couple times and he just draws and draws and draws and draws.
“I feel like the rules are being set by twelve year old fangirls.”
“Geez, one thing at a time Cap, let's not get ahead of ourselves here.”
- mutters in despair. Tony doesn’t think he’s supposed to hear it, but he decides to comment on it anyways.
“I’m sorry sir, I have no record of the previous conversation.” Jarvis responds smugly.
“Yinsen.” He whispers, and Steve frowns, utterly confused, the word not meaning anything to him. Tony’s muttering to himself now, and Steve can barely understand it, snatches of words like “remember” and “cave”. The rest is incoherent and doesn’t make sense.
Pepper gasps, “
As always thank you for reading!
“We aren’t- we
“Y’know, I’m gonna go welcome Scott back to the compound.” Steve finally said, flipping his sketchbook closed and getting off his stool. Bruce bobbed his head.
Steve shrugs cautiously, still thrown and decides not to say anything.
“Punk.” Bucky grumbles. “You’re a real idiot Stevie, and I’d whoop your ass over almost getting murdered by a homicidal Hydra agent, but it’s been three weeks and I’m too exhausted to bother.”
.” Tony interrupts, staring down at his hands. “I didn’t even
Anyways, this chapter is short and really didn't have anything to do with anything (plot? What plot. I don't got any here), I just felt like writing something cracky because I'm running off four hours of sleep and I've got like five exams coming up, so therefore, I must panic-write stories about superheroes instead of studying for my chemistry exam in a week.
“Shhhhhhhhh,” Peter says loudly, placing a hand over Wanda’s mouth. “My husband Jake Peralta is talking, everyone be quiet.”
Steve’s not even remotely ready to deal with this, can barely wrap his head around everything that has happened. From the moment of his impromptu panic attack on the floor of the lab to now, he feels like he’s walking through a fog, like he’ll wake up eventually and find out this was all a bizarre dream, brought about by his grief.
“Shhh, stop being treasonous,” Peter kicks at her. “The show is good enough that it warrants a second watch.”
"Well no matter," he says amiably. "I've apologized, you've accepted it, and let's pretend that is that."
He struggles to think of something to say, and finally settles on a quiet and subdued “thank you.”
Steve lifts his head up a bit, remembering that distant echo, a long past
Tony frowns, looking a bit bewildered. “What? No, Steve, that lab thing had pretty much nothing to do with you, you were kinda just...there.” Steve frowns back at Tony, not entirely convinced, and Tony huffs, shifting forward towards Steve more so he doesn’t have to crane his neck to keep eye contact. It’s almost a bit unnerving to see him move, expecting to hear the shifting of fabric and instead getting...silence.
that Steve won’t want him, that he’s not enough when he’s clearly
He hears a snort from behind him, the whir of elevator doors closing, and then he’s out like a light.
Steve breaks himself off sharply, jaw clenched and goes back to concentrating on flying the quinjet.
He continues to frown at her, and is understandably shocked when Tara suddenly gives up on all pretenses, and grabs Tony in a strangle hug.
They take it slow because there’s really no reason to rush, not when they’ve got all the time in the world.
He’s quite clearly unconscious as the guards set him down unceremoniously on the icy floor at the dias’s feet, and Steve crosses those few steps cautiously to kneel down next to the figure - cloak pooling in a puddle around him - to get a closer look despite himself.
“Admit what?”
It’s maybe two or three hours later when there’s a subdued knock on Steve’s door. He looks up from where he’s been doodling idly in the margins of a notebook, and gets up to answer, surprised to see Rhodey on the other side with a napping Morgan in his arms.
“Why the hell are you not in bed?” She asks sternly, glancing behind Steve.
“Well, looks like someone is sleeping on the couch tonight.” he says haughtily, walking towards the apron cupboard. Honestly, as verbal comebacks go, it’s definitely not the most original or witty, but the Avengers react as if it is, even louder “ooohs” echoing around the kitchen.
them in this instance, hate them with
And after that there was only the quiet scritch of Steve’s pencil on paper as he writes out equations based on what Peter says to write down, and the sound of Peter and Tony squabbling and snarking at each other over high school physics questions.
, what, you just hear
“No, no no,” Pepper says, and then shushes him by unceremoniously putting her hand over his mouth. He stares at her. Blinks. She laughs at his stunned expression.
Steve steals away to go visit the figures of Natasha, Sam and Bucky when Tony becomes distracted in the forge, because he needs to. He needs to mourn them the way he hadn’t been able to before.
sound like that. Almost against his will, Steve’s eyes are drawn up, meeting the hologram’s gaze. It’s jarring, to see that the AI isn’t really solid, that you can see a very faint outline of the room
but that's
“Love you too Harley,” Tony comments wryly, who’s now looking over his own code, eyes moving as he reads, although Steve’s sure it’s just a facade for their sake since he could technically read all of it in a second if he wanted to.
I hope y'all realize that this fic in my brain has literally no organized plot rn. Oh I have an overall outline of how I want this to go, but I'm a horrible writer because I'm too cheesy and my entire approach is the embodiment of "meh, I'll figure it out eventually" XDD
“I shouldn’t have decided to use you as a crutch for my death, even for a moment. I should be working more to
,” she says, beckoning Steve into the house, “how would Steve ever get anything done? And you wouldn’t ever get to play with your friends again would you?”
“I have to ask though,” Tony continues, and Steve tilts his head in question. “Before we go any further, I need to know. You already heard what I have to say about Pepper, but are you sure you’re okay with...moving on from Peggy? I know how much you care about her and I don’t want you to regret starting something with me if you still love her and maybe you could, could figure something out with her, or -”
Immediately worried, Steve hesitates, not sure if he should ask if Tony's okay or give him space to start talking when he wants to.
things.” he says, laughing as Ned tries to suffocate himself with a pillow. “Are they still playing it?”
But Tony’s smarter than he has any right to be, and if Steve coughs in front of him, if he hacks up any petals, if he falters at all, Tony will put two and two together, Steve’s presence on the night of his almost passing, and that.
? I just? What?” Steve stops to give Tony a perplexed look. “I have no idea where this is coming from, but Tony, there is nothing
Fury pauses to let this threat sink in. “Agent Romanov, I’m looking at you to keep them in line.”
Not a replacement for
“She’d beat your ass if she were here,” Steve laughs wetly.
Pepper rolls her eyes everytime she asks and he says no he hasn't yet. Rhodey tells him over the phone to get off his patriotic ass and just do it.
?” Steve can distantly feel himself still struggling, vision going dark, black spots growing in his eyes as he’s choked to death by the glimmering gelatinous substance, as they climb higher and higher and the air grows thinner and colder, and there’s no way that any of his teammates could get to him in time and he hopes desperately that Wanda and Scott are okay and he can’t help but think
“Natasha!” She says excitedly, and Tony gives Natasha an amused look which she rolls her eyes at.
No harm in trying, is there?
“The fundamental coding is different. Jarvis and Friday are learning systems yes, but their personalities often remained untouched through the entire thing.” Bruce explains. “Coding it so the personality grows as well can be done of course, but it’s unneeded and inefficient.” Tony makes an offended grunting noise and Bruce rolls his eyes. “
“You scared us
that it might as well be an actual law at this point, given how you all just seem to be perfect robots.” Tony says, typing in a 48 digit password without even looking. He also quickly hacks into the website to up the security of the Avenger accounts. Tara watches him do all this with wary resignation. “And this is coming from a man who builds AI’s and machines for a living. You are all too android-like. I don’t trust it.”
“Tony.” he breathes, barely audible.
Tony has thus far managed to escape Tara’s clutches for the last week or so, having run for the hills everytime she even mentioned the words “account” or “social media”. Sadly, Tara seems to have eventually given up on trying to be polite and had somehow managed to gain access to Tony’s workshop in order to pester him about following through on his duties. Tony has expressed his customary displeasure by threatening to donate Jarvis to a community college along with DUM-E post-haste, and is now parked in front of one of his holographic screens, with Agent Jin tapping into a variety of different sites. She’s trying to get Tony to be cooperative, which is quite frankly a lost cause.
But then.
“Captain Rogers, you all work in the limelight anyways, and I’m hardly asking you to write and post an autobiography. Just a couple of sites, certain comments here and there, maybe a short video or two. I’m not telling you to spill all your deepest darkest secrets, I’m asking for some control of your image.”
“...Thanks Steve.” Steve waves him off impatiently, not wanting to be thanked for something that shouldn’t even be in question in the first place.
It scares him a bit, in a similar way as with Bucky, how much that part of him would be willing to give in order to get them back. He’d seen the consequences first hand of letting that portion rule him, had almost lost everything because of it, Tony and the Avengers, and then the universe, so this time he firmly shoves the thoughts to the back of his mind. There’s nothing he can do to change what has passed.
“‘Next time those
“What?”
and it’s too much so Steve starts giggling out of pure elation.
It’s only after Steve heads to his room when he realizes Tony has been unusually quiet all through dinner, only interjecting at certain points. Steve had been a little too out of it to really take notice, dozing a bit through the movie, but now he decides he should probably check in to make sure Tony’s okay, especially after...
“Are you my daughter? I think I should adopt you.”
“I don’t think I’m in love with Pepper anymore.” Tony says contemplatively one day, as Steve is once again sketching, and Tony is working on his armour. “I keep trying to figure out how I possibly survived, how this all happened, and maybe…”
"-understatement of the century." Bucky’s in the middle of saying, shakes his head sadly. "I know you're not him Tony, but for what it's worth, I'm sorry."
Him resolutely ignoring all attempts at conversation, even from Harley and Peter translates into general-speak as, “please don’t talk to me at the moment” so after a worried glance exchanged between the three of them, they allow the room to descend into silence. Not quite the uncomfortable sort of silence, but not really relaxed either. Just...nervous.
He sees some of the Avengers leave the compound at some point, try and wave him down, but he doesn’t give an inch, feels dreadful for it, but he can’t face any of them at the moment. He runs for hours, until even his supersoldier muscles are screaming for a break, pushed to the limit, and he collapses, boneless on the grass, gasping and soaked in sweat. He thought he had been making progress, moving on from the deaths in the final battle, healing. Now he’s back to square one.
It doesn’t take long before Pepper stands up from her position on the swing and makes her way to the house. She stops in her tracks when she sees the note though, eyes narrowing.
“Tony?”
Steve nods. “You miss them.”
Tony grins, sharklike. “What can I say Agent Hill? You know I’m a paranoid bastard.” he sweeps a cursory glance over the tupperware still clutched in Iron Man’s gauntlet, face growing serious. “SHIELD’s not getting this one Maria...I need to check to see if these nanites are similar to the bleeding edge armour. And no one else is getting any possible blueprints of my tech if I can help it.” Tony’s voice brooks no argument.
dramatic. You
Bucky snorts. “Yeah yeah, merry early Christmas Tony. We figured you’d be able to help analyze this shit.” He holds the box out, looking like he’s intending to hand it off to the person beside him - Maria in this case - since she’s actually able to pick it up.
He isn’t really able to look away now either when he turns to see Tony watching them with a soft expression on his face. He reaches over and takes Tony’s hand, giving it a gentle squeeze, and Tony directs the expression at Steve instead, which, well. If he gets a bit flustered it’s none of anyone’s business now is it?
And then it all stops. Just like that.
And with that the door closes with a perfunctory click, leaving Tony to wonder if he should feel insulted.
something he had said? He should definitely apologize in that case, but at the same time, he doesn’t even know what he did wrong in the first place.
Tony voices out loud that he thinks it’s just so Steve can annoy him, that Steve is just plain cruel, that despite his blank expressions, Steve secretly holds a vengeful streak and -
Steve will be the last, he knows. The last to go, so he stays down in the basement with Tony, away from the promise of corpses, and watches him work.
“Relax Cap, the kid didn’t do anything except tie me to an uncomfortable chair and monologue at me for ten minutes.” Tony winced as he shifted his sore shoulders.
Addilynn had snorted and rolled her eyes fondly.
“Shut your mouth and let me finish Stark, or so help me, I will bench you for a week.”
interrupted-"
“Well then…” He says, trailing off.
“The intent behind both forms of magic was a malicious one and cast by the same powerful sorcerer. When you offered yourself up-” Strange gives Steve a stern look that he smiles sheepishly at. “-the spell made the transfer easily because of how compatible the two forms of magic were. It doesn’t care about after effect. Tony was already suffering in that moment. But you weren’t in enough pain. It was a loophole, albeit a useless one. Until now I suppose.”
“Of course sir.”
Steve opens his mouth to reply, but then stops when someone stumbles haphazardly into the kitchen, apparently still partly asleep. Steve and Tony watch, amused, as Bucky pokes at the coffee maker, not noticing Steve or Tony at all, or otherwise noticing and ignoring them completely.
Tony looks down at his hands. “I don’t think I’m ready to give one.” he says flatly.
“Steve, you’re literally missing two members already, you
Steve stops in his tracks, turning to see the man standing a few paces behind him.
Tony gasps. “
Steve doesn't respond, simply sits there and blinks at him, all wide baby-blues and innocent smile. Tony doesn't buy it for a second.
“Did you just make a Lord of the Rings reference?” Tony asks, suddenly very interested.
sometimes-” Steve finally stops the act with a snort and just leans forward on his knees and laughs, face buried in the edge of his sketchbook. It smells like old paper and he’s probably getting graphite smudges on his face, but he wouldn’t change this moment for the world.
Hey it’s not
The day Morgan shows up, Tony spends the entire day catching up with her along with Pepper, Happy and even Peter, who has been unofficially adopted into the Stark/Hogan family. It’s one of the best days of his life, getting to finally talk face to face with his beautiful, headstrong daughter and his wonderful honorary son.
” Tony finally murmurs brokenly, voice muffled into Steve’s skin.
“Thank you Sam, I’m fine.” She says with a smile when he keeps fussing over her. Then she fixes Tony with a stare. “You can sing.” She says, pointing.
The only person who doesn't warm up as much to Tony is Peter, although he does a lot better than Steve, at least talking normally to Tony and being friendly.
you if I had any shred of decency left.” Tony murmurs. “I see your people freezing now, and I should be doing more to help your kingdom, I should be doing more to figure out what happened, instead of following you all day, jabbering in your ear. You met me once before, did you know? I was only a child then, still vying for Howard’s attention, yet now I’ve aged to rival you, but you haven’t changed at all. I wonder if you’ve been frozen in time like this for close to a century now, not truly alive.”
The image is so parental that Steve has to laugh. Peter looks up, surprised, and then smiles when he realizes it’s Steve.
“What does singing have to do with this.”
“My money’s on Pepper and Happy,” Tony says smugly, and Steve feels himself start to laugh.
“Hello.” Tony says, overly formal, but voice unmistakable.
“-that there was a malfunction and now I’m gonna hurt the Avengers, yeah I got that.” Tony cuts him off sharply, voice dead. “Well whatever, I’m just here to tell you that you don’t have to worry about it, but I guess you wouldn’t really want to take an AI’s word for it do you. It’s noted anyways, I’ll keep my distance just-”
for it, the lady came after me.”
, speaking in computer programming terms Tony, don’t give me that look.” Bruce snorts when Tony puts his hand on his heart in fake offense. “Tony -
“JARVIS.” He protests. The volume of the TV increases.
to listen, and I have no idea if you're even there, or if it's already too late or-" Steve breaks off, unable to continue with that line of thought.
, and then I opened that
“Uncle Clint!”
Steve looks down, a bit confused since he hadn’t really given it a second glance when he had grabbed it, and snorts when he realizes that he’s wearing a frilly pink apron with lace designs on the seams. It’s kind of hard to read upside down and backwards, but Steve’s pretty sure it says, ‘I’ll feed all you fuckers’ in calligraphy on the front. He doesn’t know why the Avengers own an apron like this, but he has to admit, he’s glad they do.
“No. Just no. That is forever exiled. That accent. Not allowed. It’s illegal Steve, stop breaking the law.”
This man is not his responsibility. Steve has no duty to him. Has no clue who he is. There is no logical reason he should help him.
Steve remains silent, but Tony smiles. “I can wait a day or two. Not a big deal.”
Tony’s not okay. Steve realizes this as the days keep going forward.
"You're not a replacement." Steve interrupts, fiercely, and Tony blinks. "That was dumb. That was stupid. That was
, that part’s kind of important-”
He likes Snapchatting the other Avengers and Tara because against what all evidence might suggest, it
Now, they wait.
I don’t mind if you get upset-”
“That’s me!” she says gleefully, and Tony laughs, eyes sparkling, and crouches down so that he’s eye-level with her. “I think we’ve got a lot to catch up on.”
“We don’t bring that kind of talk into this house young man,” she laughs giving him a fake stern look, and they go back to discussing mundane things.
Tony shrugs casually. “What isn’t it? My saving grace, my ruin, my second chance, my repentance.” He reaches for his shirt, his hands shaking. “Get out. Please.”
And you’ve kept it from me all this time?!?”
“OK OK”  Tony wheezes desperately, smacking her on the arm like a penguin. “I’ll do it stop suffocating me.”
It’s difficult to do it now, where it hadn’t been before, but he keeps pulling as the numbness envelopes him, creeping up his ankles and his wrists, flowing through his entire body, piercing his head and his heart with it’s unbelievable cold, and he wrestles with it desperately as it tries to consume him from the inside out, wipe away all semblance of who he was, freeze him into fractals of ice. But Steve has a lot more to lose than just himself, so he fights with the last bit of strength he has left, he fights and he fights and it gives.
There also have been a couple plot holes I noticed after some re-reads, some dialogue I'm not entirely on board with, and so overall, I intend to just do a huge editing session with all the previous chapters, re-write some points, figure out a proper full on timeline, all that good stuff, and start posting after I already have a lot of stuff written, instead of just scrambling to get things done and on schedule (a schedule which I have not kept to remotely btw XD). The overarching plot is gonna stay the same, but just the events and timelines and possible writing style/dialogues are gonna be changed and edited so that I can actually continue the story without huge issues lmao.
, what has the world come to-”
“Uh huh,” Pepper says, sounding unconvinced. Steve spins around a bit in his swivel chair just to have something to do.
“Holy crap.” Steve whispers, sounding awed.
“What bribing thing?”
Pepper gingerly shifts a couple of the cups to the side and steps forward a bit, taking in the cling wrapped and sticky noted appliances.
It’s a work in progress. For all of them.
Tony is being held here against his will, being zip-corded to an uncomfortable plastic chair is not often his idea of a good time, but, hospital waiting room-esque chair aside, he doesn't have that many complaints.
“If I had come in sooner to help you all, you wouldn’t have
He has decidedly less fun when he walks into the living room to see all the Avengers planted on the couch with his video playing on the big screen TV.
Steve supposes there’s not much information to go from, but from what he can see, the doors look undisturbed. He knows Tony had worked on Stark Industries inventions and the Iron Man armour quite a lot from here after he had come back out of retirement around the time of their fall-out up until the final battle.
Besides, distractions while using a soldering iron is not a good idea.
“Were the bathroom soaps that amusing?” Natasha comments, smile twitching at the corner of her mouth.
” Tony laughs awkwardly. “
They cry when they watch Steve’s funeral, because it’s him finally saying goodbye to the life he had on Earth.
Steve talks about all that has happened with them, because watching it on a screen in a room really can’t amount to actually being there, and he talks about Morgan and how she had grown up to be a wonderful young woman, beautiful and hyper-organized and tenacious like her mother, headstrong and brave and sharp as a tack.
The only difference is, this lab is completely silent, absent of life and movement, and it seems wrong somehow, because Tony’s workplace had always been loud, the whirring of helper bots, the drone of JARVIS and later on Friday bantering with Tony in the background, the clanking of machinery manufacture, Tony blasting AC/DC…
“There is too a Captain America voice, and you still have it even though you’re retired. It should be put away because it does not belong in conversations between friends.”
Steve doesn't respond to this, instead dragging him out of the lab by his arm.
And now here Steve was, two years after the battle, the first human presence in almost a decade.
1. I realized that I've been using the word nano-tech when I really meant nanites, aka I'm a dumb bitch and forgot that nanotechnology could be referring to anything really, as my uni professor had stressed at me, artificial lipid bilayers are called nano-tech too, so just. Ignore that? I'll possibly get around to fixing that when I have the time lol.
Steve glances over at himself in the mirror, and even he blanches a bit.
the argument you come up with to convince me?”
Steve sneers out the last bit, his voice ugly as Tony's eyes widen with shock, and he's so angry, at Tony, at the world, wound up too tight for too long and it's almost a relief, to get these poisonous words out, because wrong as it is, that's how Steve feels.
There’s speculation on why exactly Stane chose to destroy Winter as well - because Steve was a strong ally of Howard’s, because Stane wanted the Winter Kingdom, because convincing Howard to go find Steve was an effective cover for his death. The fact remains though, that Stane had wanted the Summer throne for himself, and Tony’s departure had been the slow catalyst to unseating the throne and taking it.
He has those days where Steve doesn’t want to stay inside his own head, where he wants to be around laughter and human company, so after a moment of contemplation, he finally tilts his head back to direct his next question at the ceiling.
“Shhh, it’s okay Morgan, it’s okay, everything will be okay…” Steve continues to mumble nonsense as Morgan cries herself out on his shoulder, finally dozing off in her exhaustion.
“Why the hell would I willingly volunteer this information.” Tony asks, watching her wearily.
“Oh, so you got a free meal and a chance to go out. You poor baby.” Steve smirks.
“What can I say, I guess I’m just special.”
“Laughing at you?” Steve snorts, smiling as grabs one of Tony’s hands. “No no no, see, if I were
Bucky, Sam and Wanda give Tony a vaguely alarmed look, which Steve is pretty sure is mirrored on his own face, but Bruce just lets out a snort and stops staring at his screen to give Tony a Look of his own.
It’s rather hard to do so when he’s receiving flurry upon flurry of social media requests though.
There’s a ripple of shock as Steve prepares to swing at the enemy he’s locked in combat with, because he
Steve suspects the sledding might just be an excuse for Tony to laugh at him when he faceplants into a snow drift halfway through, but Steve doesn’t care, because Tony’s laughing and sledding is
“I was so angry too, y’know, after her death. The same way I was after the first snap, but I kept it in because I knew we had a job to do, so I directed it instead, and I thought that would be it after we finished the final battle, that we wouldn’t lose anyone else. Naive, I’ll admit, but I wanted it to be true.”
“Thank you so much,” Rhodey says quietly, giving him a smile. Steve waves his hand in response, “No hassle, don’t worry about it.”
Steve purses his lips at the palm print, breathes in deeply and releases the air on a sigh. “I swear to all that is good and holy Tony…”
Tony scrunches up his nose a bit at Natasha’s imprecise response. Nat rolls her eyes.
“Oh well, if you can’t own any
“Are you sure you don’t mind Steve?” Sam asks an hour later, standing in front of an inconspicuous car with Bucky in the driver’s seat, both of them dressed in civilian clothing, with tactical gear packed tightly in the trunk.
, you don’t automatically wonder if a human is mentally
she was in on the entire thing. “Thanks babe,” Tony bounces forward to give him a quick kiss, “Love you, talk to you later!” and with that, makes his exit.
do-able, but still probably not achievable. You’d have to petition to the education boards, and I’m not really sure on the procedure of new colleges being built -”
“They tortured me,” he continued quietly. “Made my life hell, no matter what I did. I guess… this time, I guess I just got caught up in the fact that people seemed to actually like me, and that was wrong of me.
“Um…” she managed, which was more than Steve was able to. “So you’re having a couple of issues in here, huh?”
“Maybe she got up onto the roof?” Steve suggested, though he didn't seem too sure about it. “Flocks fly past all the time; maybe she had herself a little fun.”
It was great. His life was great, it was… well, it was kinda lonely, but that was fine. It was just because he had been used to bunking with eleven other guys for months on end, that was all. He’d get used to it eventually, he was sure.
“I agree,” Tony nodded. “All right, sweetie. You go back over there and have fun, okay? If Jimmy starts cheating again, send him over here to me.”
“Natasha!” Tony called after her, but she was already disappearing into the crowd. “Shit.”
“Listen to yourself,” Bruce argued quietly. “Think about what you’re saying.”
Tony, not really sure what else to do, had just waved back stupidly, stuttered out a “Bye,” and had quickly darted away towards the elevator, chalking it up to a case of bad luck and timing.
“Ugh,
“Yeah,” Tony nodded his head.
he had dated a whole bunch of people – Neil Patrick Harris, Beyonce, hell, even Britney Spears.
Thanos was gone.
“Hang on,” Bruce interjected. “How is this possible?”
Unless… he was a madman with a
hadn’t thought this through.
!” Tony yelled, and then immediately stopped, heart hammering in his chest, as all the fight left him. “We’re not all born perfect like you.”
There were voices already coming from the room by the time they actually got to it (and Tony only realised they were in the right place because Rogers had mounted a plaque on the door with the word
“I don’t know if there’s time, bud –“
The other exception to Steve’s rule was Sam Wilson. Another jock, Sam had always been the only football player that absolutely paid no part in bullying. He and Steve shared a few classes, had been paired together for quite a few assignments, and Steve respected the guy’s morals.
And then he pulled Steve towards him and kissed him.
Tony made himself move a few steps, and once again (accidentally) peered into Steve’s apartment. Steve wasn’t anywhere to be seen, but it was probably for the best, because Tony eyed his towel on the floor in the middle of the room, and his mind – again, accidentally – drifted back to the
was crazy. “Because getting to spend more time with you is the only reason I agreed to do this stupid musical? Because I’ve been building up the nerve to ask you out for weeks, and you kissing me back just now kinda made me think maybe you liked me too, even just a little?”
Bucky Barnes had never had a problem getting girls to sleep with him. Hell, he’d even persuaded a few to try actual relationships with him. His love life was actually pretty conventional, he figured, for an average guy in his late twenties. He’d paid his dues overseas fighting for his country, had lost a damn arm in the process, and now he had the freedom to do whatever the hell he wanted.
“You know, I was actually going to talk to you about that,” Tony cleared his throat as he placed his briefcase on the desk in front of him. “You aren’t in trouble or anything, but you’re supposed to declare all the residents who live full time in your residence to the government. You have to pay a mansion tax, you see, for additional bedrooms not being used, so you’re actually missing out on a considerable amount of money by not declaring.”
“Um…” Tony patted his jacket pockets, and then pulled a crumpled piece of paper from one. “Yes. I have AP Chemistry first.”
“- we met in Germany, remember? Ant-Man? I know you know who I am, guys, c’mon! I also grew really big? Passed out? I – y’know, whatever, doesn’t matter; I kinda need your help.”
Someone – Rogers, he assumed – had dragged what looked like a stuffed, to scale replica of a panda out to stand between two of the bushes, and Tony frowned a little as he passed it. Odd. He had almost put it behind him completely, however, when he heard it
“Nooooo,” Peter whined, bottom lip starting to wobble. “Noooo, Dada.”
had been deployed to try and take him out on more than one occasion. He always got himself straight out of dodge whenever he spotted them, because he was cool, sure, but he didn’t fancy himself in a fight against all five of them.
Beside him, his deaged father – or
“Pepper, honey, you need to calm down,” he insisted, and was met with silence on the other side of the phone. “Are you listening to me?”
Bruce stared at him for a moment, and Steve got the distinct impression he was seeing right through him, but after a second he simply sighed and shook his head.
And then Tony’s face appeared.
He led Rhodey away from the door and then ducked through a large arch that separated his kitchen from his living area.
“Yes?” he asked innocently, and Tony found himself rolling his eyes again.
“That…” Natasha grumbled, picking up her coat and bag, “is not the point.”
“Hey, Pete?”
“I could get Pops to tell the Principle, but that’ll just make the bullying worse, won’t it? We could have you transfer schools, but being the new kid is just as bad as being the smart kid, right? I just… I don’t know how to make things better for you other than to tell you that you have less than a year left, and then you’re free.
Suddenly they were kissing instead.
No matter the cost, and no matter what would become of them, Steve vowed that he would make things right. After a moment, Tony sniffed and nodded his head, then leaned in for a final kiss.
“Right…” Tony repeated, back to feeling ill at ease. “That’s… okay. Bye, Jane.”
why Tony looked like a patchwork quilt.
“Thanks, Tony!” Steve called back cheerfully, still out of sight. “Same to you.”
They just had to find Tony.
Steve wasn’t stupid enough to believe he would have agreed to a discussion had Tony suggested it at the time, but hindsight was twenty-twenty.
“He needs medical attention!” Thor roared as he rode past, brandishing what looked like a sledgehammer, of all things.
While his Dad continued to speak about his day, Peter picked at his dinner and tuned the noise out. He wasn’t particularly hungry; he hadn’t been hungry for what felt like weeks, now. While his Dad had been having the time of his life in high-school, Peter had been getting further and further down the chain of command. He felt abandoned, alone, and all the more so because he knew it was at least partly his Dad’s fault.
“Oh.”
That didn’t mean that Steve wasn’t going to smack him upside the head for continuously misplacing his hearing aids.
“Next,” he moved on swiftly before everyone could start chattering again, “Pietro, Wanda, you said you know a guy that can help fix our windows for a discount price?”
Tony settled in fairly quickly. His neighbours, as a whole, were pretty nice; there was an elderly British lady that lived at the end of the hall who Tony was practically in love with. Her name was Peggy, and she could kick ass, and Tony wanted nothing more than to sit for hours and listen to her retail her years in the war.
Taking a deep breath to steady his fluttering heart, he pulled the covers back and slipped off the side of the bed. Tony had gone in his pyjamas, he realised, which was strange. Slipping his slippers onto his feet, Steve followed along behind him, keeping quiet and at distance.
She then sashayed away, blowing a kiss in Tony’s direction as she left. Clearing his throat, a little at a loss, Tony turned back to Steve.
, buddy? Why don’t you want us to get married?”
“That’s enough,” Natasha told him, though her tone was fond, and Tony couldn’t help but grin happily.
It wasn’t really like he was lying to them. He did do odd jobs as they came about – that was all true. He just so happened to pick up those jobs through being the leader of an underground biker gang.
Grabbing his coat, he slipped out through the delivery entrance at the back and headed up through the alley beside his restaurant to the main street they were both situated on. Glancing both ways to make sure he wasn’t about to get run over (because Pepper would never let him hear the end of it), he crossed the street and braced himself outside the door of Rogers’ place. Taking a deep breath, he pushed the door open and stepped inside.
There was a couple on his left. Tony hadn’t officially met either of them, because they seemed to hold even weirder hours than he did, but he knew their names were James and Tasha simply because he could hear them calling each other’s name when they were having sex. The sex thing didn’t particularly bother him – it was better than the couple who used to yell at each other twenty-four seven in his old building.
“Once more with feeling, why don’t you?” Tony replied, and snorted when Peter threw a couch cushion at him. “That wasn’t very nice after I’ve spent all afternoon on your costume, was it?”
“And you’ll have to tell me all about it,” Rogers promised with a nod. “But at present I have some urgent business matters to attend to. I’ll come find you when we’re done, all right?”
“Pretty good, pretty good,” Tony replied with a nod. “I see you’re chatting with my guy Pete –“
“All right, sex machine,” Steve grinned, arching over the guitar to get back within range of Tony’s lips. “You think that maybe next time you’re feeling a little down, you might come tell me? You worried me sick.”
Carol and Lang nodded in agreement, and Steve felt himself smiling.
“It’s okay,” Steve smiled. “Good job today.”
“Yeah, baby?” Steve asked, already turning to grab Peter’s clothes again.
“Please, please, never talk to me about your sex life ever again,” Peter grimaced. “And you… you might wanna not mention Pops. Or the fact you like guys at all –“
to plan -”
Turning, he came face to face with Thanos. He looked smug, as though he knew exactly what they had just sacrificed, and took a hulking step towards them.
“I hate to be
on that costume – that was quality bonding time between me and my son –“
“Because I’m
“You’re not mad?” she asked. “I kinda ruined the surprise -”
“Give them some space,” Steve found himself barking, not in the mood to be disobeyed, and watched as everyone took a few steps back, some even sinking into seats to wait.
It was quite the opposite with Steve, in all honesty. Tony had a habit of seeking Steve out during rehearsals, swaggering up to him with that dazzling smile on his face and his hair swept tantalisingly back, and would speak to Steve for full minutes at a time without insulting him once before he was ushered back onto the stage to rehearse.
“He’s my neighbour, Rhodey!” Tony exclaimed, dropping his carton of food down onto the coffee table. “And yeah, he’s hot in a weird, flasher-y kinda way, but what happens if I agree to date him and then it doesn’t work out? Can you imagine how awkward that’d be? You know how I get; you know how I – “
“Whatever’s on tap is fine, thank you,” Tony replied quickly, and Sam nodded, moving as if to disappear to get that for him. “And, actually, can you just bring me your special of the day, thanks.”
For just a moment Steve didn’t know what to do, but it felt right, and he wrapped his arms around Tony to hold him close, kissed him back, and let the world fall away around them.
It wasn’t even like he was particularly disrespectful. Sure, he didn’t show up most of the time, and he didn’t always listen to what he was being told, but he had memorised everything he had been set by the time he came back for the next rehearsal. He was surprisingly willing to learn, even if he wasn’t the most focused, and hadn’t once made fun of anyone for their passion, Steve included.
Tony was really starting to question the professionalism of that butler.
Natasha growled and slammed her marker down, sending Tony a truly unimpressed look. Tony shrugged, unrepentant, and with a scoff, Natasha glanced at the clock on the wall and then sighed. It was 5pm – jackpot.
“I didn’t want you to get hurt,” Steve sighed, leaning forwards to rest their foreheads together. “Looks like I didn’t do too good a job of that, huh?”
Steve was speechless. All this time, Tony had thought that he was a has-been, a joke, but the second news had dropped that he was playing the gig, everyone came running
“Tony,” Steve huffed, cheeks heating under the attention even though they had been together years. “There are impressionable babies in the room.”
“It was pretty good,” Steve nodded, and then, stretching, pulled himself into a sitting position, “but it could be better.”
“I guess so,” Lang replied. “What’s, uh, the Snap?”
“It’s kinda weird,” Lily scrunched her face up. “I accidentally tweeted that you guys would be playing the set with the band, and… it went kinda huge.
“Pepper,” he called, trying to get her attention. “Pepper -”
On his way into the kitchen, Steve almost stepped on what he soon realised was one of Clint’s hearing aids. Rolling his eyes, he stooped to pick it up and carried it with him through the kitchen door.
He left the room as they were all saying their goodbyes to him and grabbed his boots in the hall, quickly slipping them on. Once he was ready, he grabbed his motorcycle keys off the table by the door, and then, making sure that nobody had followed him, pulled a drawer open, grabbed the revolver inside, and was tucking it safely into the back of his pants as he opened the front door and stepped out.
“Cap doesn’t like the word crazy,” Clint replied, taking a step backwards to allow Tony past him. “Eccentric is probably a better word.”
“I will call,” Wanda nodded.
They were kissing again, but this time it was more desperate, passionate, and Steve wrapped his arms tightly around Tony as it went on, terrified that if he let go everything would go away. He cupped the back of Tony’s head, crushing their mouths together, and thrilled at the sound Tony made.
– nose at the New York branch. They had come into
“It’s just one gunshot wound,” Bruce announced quietly, hunched over Pietro’s shoulder. “It looks like it’s gone straight through, which… that’s good. That’ll heal. The only thing that we really have to worry about is how much blood he’s lost.”
“You’re the boss,” he conceded, but he didn’t look happy about it.
“Nah,” Tony shook his head, a little spring in his step as he followed the other kids towards the entrance. “Wait, who beats
“I guess I don’t know what I mean,” he sighed, running a hand through his hair. Pepper slapped it away before he could mess up any of her handiwork. “Yeah, just a little frazzled after the fight, I suppose.”
They had decorated for Christmas about a week earlier. Peter had been ecstatic about being able to help put the ornaments on the tree, bouncing around excitedly on his chubby little toddler legs. Even Tony, whom Steve had always kinda assumed would be a bah humbug, had been humming along to the Christmas playlist JARVIS had made for them, wearing a Santa hat with pride the whole time.
The effect was immediate. He could feel the gauntlet working, eradicating every inch of Thanos from the universe. His very existence was disappearing, as though he had never been born at all, and Steve found himself laughing with joy as he realised that this was it – this was the end. He had done it; they had done it.
“For protection,” he clarified loudly. “To keep the people I care about safe.”
“That is cheating,” Tony agreed, bending down to her level. “Tell you what, cutie pie – you go over there and tell Jimmy to knock it off, unless he wants me to go get Iron Man –“
thing Bucky and Steve seemed to have going on. Even worse, Steve made his distaste for Tony’s lifestyle very well known via judgy looks, and by the end of dinner, Tony had pretty much had enough.
“We should go out for lunch,” Tony decided as they were putting away the last of the now clean dishes. “Maybe take them to the park, grab a hotdog or something, or there’s that new bistro just opened down the street that looks nice -”
patience was going to wear thin if this carried on.
“Thank you.”
“Right,” Pepper also nodded. “Then, when today is over, you, your Daddy and your Papa get to go on a vacation for two whole weeks.”
“Rude.”
“Wait,” he called softly, and Cap paused in the doorway. “You… you didn’t take my helmet off.”
“A couple of slides…” Rogers hummed, gently passing George the chameleon off onto Clint’s shoulder, “doesn’t seem like a bad idea. We could have one in each of the main stairways, and one down into the kitchen. Okay, why don’t you go and find Bruce, see if he can help you design them?”
“Peter, honey, please put your suit on,” Steve all but begged, simultaneously tying his own bowtie whilst also slipping his polished shoes on and chasing his ten-year-old around the room. “What’s gotten
, of all things, and was quickly getting himself together fast enough to point it right at the armour. Running on instinct, Tony brought a hand repulsor up and fired two shots in succession, one first to Stane’s hands to get him to drop the bazooka, and then another to his chest to propel him backwards, away from the weapon.
“Well, yeah,” Tony replied softly, with a nervous smile.
It was a plan. They had been without one for so long that Steve felt lightheaded with the possibility. It would be dangerous, and damn near impossible, but it was a plan. Steve knew his team, and now they had even more members than they had before. They could do this.
“What have I told you about knocking?” she sighed, putting earrings on over by her dresser.
Tony went stock still, staring out at the currently empty stage, at the thousands and thousands of people waiting, and then turned in Steve’s arms.
” Tony huffed. “That’s all I wanted to know.”
Steve smiled and then kissed him again, but ultimately had to pull away despite Tony’s whining. “You’re going to be late.”
“Peter, honey, no, go get ready for school -”
“It’d be weird if I bought two drinks all night and people can’t see you properly,” Natasha butted in.
“Adorable,” Natasha reiterated with a smirk, and then leaned in to peck Tony on the cheek. “Please don’t be a dick and ruin it.”
“Tony?” he called. “It’s time to go.”
Sat at the other side of the table, Sam hummed his agreement as he crammed half a burger into his mouth.
nice,” Rhodey replied. “It’s not
On the day of Tony’s birthday, Steve woke him up with a customary blow-job, and then the kids had lunch prepared for them by the time they finally made it out of their bedroom; they’d even wrapped presents, bless their hearts. Tony had requested an easy afternoon, so they’d made some snacks, put a DVD on and celebrated with a glass of champaign each (Peter had been practically faint with giddiness at getting to try some).
He was going over to the bar. Fuck it – what harm could it do? He wouldn’t bitch at the owner, so he’d keep his promise to Rhodey; he’d just go in and act like a customer, scope the place out. There was no harm in that, right? Right.
“They're... they're baby eggs, Pete,” he sighed, and shrugged helplessly when Steve sent him an alarmed look. “We're... we're not sure what we're going to do with them yet, though -”
“Peter.”
“- we keep going until we find him – no, Bruce, don’t –“
Bucky, Sam, Wanda, Vision, T’Challa and his sister, Scott Lang, Groot. Later, he found out that Pepper Potts, Maria Hill and Fury were also gone. So many people. So many lives snuffed out in the blink of an eye, in the click of a finger.
“Hey, Natasha?” he asked, swivelling back and forth in his chair. “Nat, hey, do birds have dicks? Natasha, are you listening? Because you never see them, but then are they like dog dicks? Do they just, like,
“Peter, honey, I promise he’ll come,” Steve reassured gently. “And the sooner you go to bed, the sooner tomorrow will arrive!”
His own R&D department. Stane had paid off people on
“Hey, Flash!”
Before Bruce could say anything else that would only make Steve mad, he ducked out through the door and headed for the hangar at the back of the facility. It was a beautiful day, all things considered, and for a moment Steve marvelled at the fact that the sun could still shine and the Earth could still spin when half of its population was gone.
The audience went wild as the music started up, Thor on drums and Natasha on keyboard starting them off. Turning to all the avid fans, Tony began to sing.
“I’m vetoing the clown one,” Tony told him firmly, because he couldn’t think of anything worse than a small person running around in flaky clown make-up in the dark. He shuddered just thinking about it.
“He’s a child, Tony,” Steve shook his head, and then turned to wipe Peter’s tears away with his thumbs gently. “A bully, sure, but a child. Do not go over there and threaten him.”
“You’re the owner?” Tony asked, and had to physically bite his tongue to stop himself from adding,
“He needs more than basic medical training right now!” Steve yelled back, adrenaline still thrumming in his veins, but he still took a left turn that would take them back to their clubhouse. “Shit, Bucky, call Natasha and tell her we’re dropping off casualties at base before we meet them. Someone call Bruce and tell him to be ready for us!”
“No problem,” Tony nodded, climbing back to his feet again. He patted the girl gently on the head. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
“I heard Single Ladies!” he called, and the audience went mad. Steve bitch-faced him. “Steve here is a massive Beyonce fan – plays her music all over the house all the time – so I’m sure we can manage that, right, Stevie?”
“Four hours ago?”
“Happy birthday, Daddy!” Peter and Lily called in unison.
“You’re welcome, son of mine,” Tony replied. He let go of Steve and walked over to the coffee table, dropping a kiss onto the top of Peter’s head. “And you can have one piece of candy, okay? We’re ordering pizza in a half hour to celebrate Papa coming home, so don’t fill up.”
“No?” he huffed. “You’re not gonna take care of your old man when he’s as gross and old as Papa is now?”
Across the kitchen, Steve snorted. “I’ll let you take the early shift next Sunday, then, huh?”
“Touché, buddy,” he grinned, raising the glass of wine the waitress had poured for them all before making a hasty retreat. Bucky met his glass with his own, and then Tony tossed a couple of large mouthfuls back in one go. “And who’s your friend?”
“You got a thing for Natasha, huh?” he grinned, ruffling Clint’s hair. “Well, you’re gonna have to fight Bucky for her, kid, and he’s not too good at sharing.”
It was still strange – gutting, even – to see so many empty chairs, but with Tony resting in the next room and Carol to add to the roster, if only for the minute, Steve felt hopeful like he hadn’t done for weeks. Better, the other Avengers seemed to be picking up a little, too.
He waited impatiently for the elevator to come back to him, and got in quickly when it did. Fiddling nervously with the bottom hem of his sleep shirt, not completely sure he was prepared for whatever it was he was going to find when the elevator doors opened, he tried not to panic.
It wasn’t even like he was going to be doing this for the rest of his life. He had started all this trying to get rid of all the weapons he had made, the weapons being used by terrorists; he had gotten a little side-tracked along the way, sure, but now there were only a handful of distributors left. Once he had taken them all out, and dragged Obadiah Stane’s name through the mud for his betrayal and underhandedness, he was going to retire the Iron Man suit and go back to the nine-to-five grind.
much trouble.
“Right, of course not, don’t know what I was thinking,” he mumbled, tucking his power cable back into his briefcase and praying that the battery held out for them. “Okay, so let’s see what we can find here.”
“It’s a yes, by the way,” he panted, still out of breath, and grinned harder when Steve jerked beside him in shock.
Tony was speechless, literally left without a single word in his head. How was he supposed to respond to that? He had come here with the intention of trying to talk Rogers out of it, but after that speech, after his own college experience with his dad when he was just fifteen years old, he found he actually wanted nothing more than to help Rogers achieve his dream. But -
Things settled relatively quickly after that. Tony’s life went back to normal; he got up, commuted to work, came home, had dinner, went to bed. Lather, rinse, repeat. After a few days of it, Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit that he was starting to feel a little bored – stuck in a rut, even. Sure, getting flashed by his neighbour hadn’t exactly been normal, but it had made his life a little more interesting; without Steve, he was bored out of his mind.
been kinda domestic over the past few years. But that wasn’t a bad thing, right? Sure, he tended to be the one who stayed at home with Peter while Steve went out on missions, but that was just because Tony still had ties to his company, too. He was the one who normally got Peter washed and dressed for school, sure, but Steve always cooked for them. Steve did bedtime stories better than Tony – Peter told him so every time it was his turn –
“Okay,” he nodded, thoughtful. “Well, what kind of robot do you want to be, squirt? Are we talking Wall-E, or are we talking Prometheus? Interstellar or Rossum’s Universal Robots?”
“Tony?” he murmured, leaning forwards to kiss his pouty, sleep-warmed lips. “Come on, honey, it’s time to get up.”
“What’s happening
“Take it easy, kiddo,” his Pops murmured, startling Peter terribly.
“Sorry, sugar plum,” Tony replied with a charming smile, and, against his will, Steve found his annoyance quickly melting away. “I was actually wondering if you could help me out.”
“But now this has happened, and we’ve just got to deal with it,” Tony cut him off, and then shifted onto his tiptoes to give Steve a gentle kiss. “It’ll be okay. We both know Clint’s strong; kid’s the scrappiest little shit I’ve ever seen.”
“Why don’t you take a seat, Mister Stark?” Rogers suggested just before Tony could take a step closer to examine the pickles.
“He’s…?” That, at least, seemed to catch Cap off guard. His shield dropped to his side as he glanced back at Stane, who was wheezing and groaning softly in his bloodied state. “Is that why you’ve been targeting all those warehouses? Why…
“Especially not if we’re getting a baby soon,” Steve sighed, running a hand through his sweat-damp hair. “We’re gonna have to tell the rest of the band about it – Sam, Bucky too.”
through her laughter as she wheezes into her coffee.
“It's the truth is what it is. I don't make the rules.”
None of them seem to be alarmed.
“-melodramatic
He turns, weary down to the bones, but still searching, and he doesn’t really know for who at this point, just someone, Thor or Sam or Clint or Bruce or Bucky or Tony, for someone to smile at, to say
“Like, something wrong with the program?” Pepper says, understanding what Steve means even though he’s probably not being very eloquent at the moment. Steve pauses when he hears her reiteration, and squirms a bit uncomfortably. It sounds bad when it’s worded like that, as if Tony’s emotions could be attributed to a malfunction, but Tony had just looked so
Tony was in his workshop in the place he shares with Nat, fiddling with things, because clearly a heaven can never be a heaven for him unless he gets to tinker. He’s very glad that the laws of physics behave in the same way in the Afterlife as it does on Earth, although he supposes there’s no reason for it not to. He misses Friday, Dummy, Butterfingers and You like he misses a limb, and has already re-created their code, but he’s not entirely sure he should activate it. It’s an ongoing debate.
that won’t do at all. Steve tightens his arms around Tony’s waist and with a deft twist of his hips, flips them over to Tony’s startled yelp, trapping Tony beneath him.
“Ugh.” Quantum sighs, a tad over-dramatically if you ask Tony, before he slaps the side of his watch. Tony curses as a low sound frequency pulses out from the device and he’s immediately hit with a wave of dizziness and nausea. The room spins, and Tony shuts his eyes to try to minimize the effect.
“Get thee gone fiend, I don’t wish to gain your bad taste through osmosis, I’m probably infected already,” Tony says in response, and then screeches when Steve lunges at him, grabbing him into a hug that lifts him off the ground.
“Today was fun,” Tony smiles up at Steve, who nods in response, face positively glowing with happiness. The rays from the setting sun make a sort of halo around his blonde hair and it takes Tony’s breathe away.
“You’re laughing at me.” He complains.
Tony comes back in twenty minutes instead of ten, and he jokes around, trying return to how he had been before, but Steve can see the tightness around his eyes, the strain in his voice at times. Something’s wrong, but Steve can’t figure out what.
Steve has clearly managed to shake off his pursuer at this point and has already fixed up his baseball cap. His sunglasses sits low on the bridge of his nose, and he’s in the process of pushing it up. He’s wearing that all-American beam, smile radiant, and it looks so innocent Tony almost believes that Steve is pushing up his sunglasses with his middle finger by accident.
Steve nods and gives Pepper a brief but warm hug before she drives away, and he turns to board the quinjet, Wanda fussing over him the entire time.
“Ah yes. Of course, my apologies. I see you’ve made very productive use of your time then.”
“I like the way you think, honey bunches.” he declares gleefully, and drags Steve out the door.
“Yeah yeah, whatever kid, Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Tumblr, am I done? Also why the fuck do I have a tumblr. ”
Eventually, his breathe stutters and evens out slowly, and instead of the full on panic, there is only him on the sweaty bed-sheets, damp with tears and shaking like a leaf. He shivers, cold, despite the temperature regulated compound.
, his voice snatched away by the wind, and then gratefully, passes out.
“You don’t feel.” Tony smiles sadly, reaching up to brush away a strand of Steve’s hair. “The Winter King lives up to his name. I’m a selfish man, Steve, and I’m scared. I don’t want to die in isolation, even though I should. You don’t feel. And I needed that when I first crashed here. I can’t be the reason for hurting another person. Better for Pepper and Rhodey to think I’m off being irresponsible. Better for you to be unaffected when I’m gone.”
” Tony snorts. “Or are you going back on that? Why? Is it because you’re worried something is wrong with me? Are you scared Rogers?”
Steve stares. "Your father?"
“Impatient as always Stark.” she snorts, being decidedly annoying because she still
And Tumblr. Oh boy Tumblr.
“Mr. Stark.”
He walks around, moving past holographic work tables, and sees all the Iron Man suits, lining the walls of the lab in their own compartments. When he walks past them, one by one, the lights over each suit click on. The armours gleam, that familiar burnished gold and cherry-red, each one labeled, Mark II, III, IV and onward…
“-it’s fine, I’m fine-”
“Does it
“Then I met Pepper, and I fell for her harder than I ever thought possible. It was after my father’s death, after he was killed at the borders of your kingdom. Pepper was already married though, and to one of my best friends no less. I couldn’t do that to him. Things didn’t seem so ridiculous anymore when I started hacking up rose petals.”
“Hey,” Steve said softly that evening, finding Tony sitting near the lake, the drift of laughter and light from the house sounding distant in the background. “You okay?”
There’s a chorus of tense greetings over the comms as the rest of the Avengers realize that Steve’s on scene, and Sam fills him in as he joins the fight.
Tony stares. “You’re not even trying to be subtle about this bribing thing.”
“Why would I hate you?” Steve is more puzzled than ever as that question only seems to set Tony off further, the laughter spilling into hysterical even as he wipes desperately at his face.
when you wake up again…”
Harley gives him a fake wounded look, “Do you not want us here Steve? I thought we had something, I thought you
“Thanks,” he says, flipping a pancake over expertly. “Latest fashion. All the hip and cool kids are wearing them.”
Tony glances down at his black bodysuit and shrugs. There aren't any noticeable grease stains.
“Okay,” he says simply, taking Steve’s hand and squeezing it. “Let’s do it then.”
Things get better after that, way better.
Bruce steps quickly out of the room, phone already in hand and Steve leans back against his pillows.
did though, I just remembered
“Ready?” she called, voice clear and amplified across the field. “Begin!”
you waste of a human, this is a serious matter!"
“How so?”
“Fuck off Stark, I’d make an excellent dad.”
kind of uncharacteristic of you. Not that I’m complaining.” Peggy’s amused voice drifts out from the slightly open doorway. Steve laughs.
Tony frowns, slightly confused. So far Steve hasn't been that active on social media, despite having had his account set up first. Tony had thought that he just hadn't known how to use any of it, or had been holding off due to unfamiliarity, but apparently not.
He thinks as he releases his grip, now directed and tamed, and collapses into the snow, the cold leaving him in a rush of wind that sounds like a relieved sigh.
He smiles. “Just plain old Steve Rogers now. I’m no longer a Captain.” Peppers eyebrows shoot up at that and Steve elaborates. “I guess I’m...retired now? If you can even call it that when you’re a 34 year old man who wasn’t even officially a captain in the first place.”
All in all, it's not a particularly good kidnapping. It’s honestly more of a technicality than anything dangerous, like
“I wasn’t very supportive about Iron Man at the beginning, because I was just so terrified of losing Tony, when he came back once with bullet holes in his armour and I just,
that she’s hurting, that she’s mourning as well, computer program be damned.
“Et tu Brute? Betrayal Sam.”
Natasha shrugs. “I’m pretty sure she just gains a new set of memories. She gets to live out both lifetimes, with the people she cares about. Pretty good deal if you ask me.”
Steve knows he’s probably stiffened, and the AI looks over at him, worried and surprised.
“Only ninety-nine percent?” Steve asks, a bit of teasing in his voice.
“It’ll be fun.” she tries.
“Shut up,” Bucky grumbles back. “Come on, we’ve been undercover for three fucking weeks and I miss ice cream and TV. We’ll focus back on a course of action in a couple hours but for now, you two are keeping me company while we re-watch every single episode of The Office.”
Tony pauses in his celebrating and sighs, coming closer to stand in front of Steve.
They set to work, with Tony helping to direct them into setting things up. They had planned some relatively harmless pranks, nothing gigantic considering how much concentration it takes to move objects.
“We’ll make a ceremony of it, make him wear his war machine armour.” Steve agrees, and they laugh softly, before falling silent again.
, but then she sees Steve and her hand goes slack, the knife falling to the floor with a clang, and the expression on Steve’s face is heartbreaking, and long story short, they all end up in a gigantic sobbing mess of a group hug.
“Yeah, sure.” Steve says wryly, and then sombers a bit. “Okay. But. Just. I’m here for you if you ever need to talk. And all the Avengers really. You can talk to us...you know that...right?”
There's also the fact that there's an...earnestness that he hadn't noticed he was projecting when he was recording the video. The song hits close to home, despite the situations and names being different, and it shows.
He pauses in the doorway.
Tara laughs. “In what universe? You’re legendary in the junior division for your various pranks.”
“Watch it Cap.” Tony warns, “You can only push Aaron Burr so much and then...” He makes two finger guns, points them at Cap and makes a couple pew pew sound effects.
Steve's glad, and how could he not be? But he knows there will always be a tiny selfish part of him that will think about Natasha and Tony, think about those brief but bright moments in the tower when it had been just the six of them united, and will whisper that the price was too high, that if only he had left it well enough alone, or if he had been a bit faster, a bit stronger, a bit smarter...
Steve laughs wetly, squeezes tight before he steps back from the hug, taking her in because it felt like only hours ago to him where he would’ve never been able to see any of them again.
Bucky smiled sadly, "You'd be surprised. We've all realized at this point that Tony is kind of generous to a fault, even when he tries to hide it. You too, since you're basically him."
Tony grins as he turns to Steve, taking in the vision of him leaning against the doorframe. The cut of that suit is
There’s a blur of sound and cold, and it’s dark behind his eyelids, but there’s panicked screaming of his name from somewhere, the identity hard to make out against the fog that’s in his head.
were strangling you, and I was almost too late because I was too much of a dumbass to tell you I cared when I had you, and you were too much of an idiot to tell me that you took my curse for me, that the reason I survived is because you went in my place.”
God Steve didn't remotely deserve to be the one to open it, doesn't deserve being viewed as family by Pepper, Happy, Morgan and Rhodey, doesn't deserve
"-and God you're not a replacement, you don't even come
them, they’re right there aren’t they? They’re happy and healthy and living out their life together and that’s all I could ever really ask for, especially in their line of work and-”
“Not your fault Steve.” Tony whispers, shaking his head. “It was a perfectly mundane sentence. You couldn’t have known. Hell,
Steve glances around the conference table and then frowns as his gaze falls on Tony. Everyone is grim, but he seems almost the most tense out of all of them, anger smoldering in his eyes and rigid angles etched into the line of his body, the rest of his face an uncompromising mask of neutrality. He looks. Well, frozen is one way to describe it.
There’s a shocked gasp as the final loop comes away, and Steve looks over to see Tony staring at him in horror.
Tony hisses at him, and Steve rolls his eyes.
“Shh, it’s okay, go to sleep Morgan.” Steve says quietly, crouching down next to the bed, but she shakes her head.
“Yeah. Okay.”
Steve gives him an immensely amused look.
I was. But I don’t really have any say in that entire situation.”
He tries, experimentally, to move and is surprised to find he’s able to with very little pain, even though his chest, neck and hands appears to still be bandaged. He’s no longer in his formal robes, in a loose shirt and pants instead, covered in soft sheets and on a mattress he hasn’t seen in years, and he revels a bit in the feel of soft fabric on his skin, instead of ice.
Steve shakes his head fondly.
“I know Tony. Hey, hey, it’s ok.” Nat puts her arm around him, smiling softly. Tony wipes at his eyes. “I saw, and I missed you guys too. Desperately.”
Tony. And kind of infuriating.”
“Why do you ask?” Pepper’s voice is shaky, and Steve becomes more worried.
Steve makes his way out to the common living areas along with Peter and Harley, Peter carrying a still drowsy Morgan in his arms. It’s almost five o’clock at this point, and Steve intends to cook some food this time, they’ve been eating a disturbing amount of takeout the past few days.
When they finally arrive (in the physical realm that is, not the building) the first place they head to is Pepper, and now Happy’s cabin by the lake. They had actually landed in a cornfield in the middle of nowhere when they first arrived, but distance doesn’t seem to be an issue when you’re an untethered spirit. Being dead does seem to have it’s perks.
He heard Tony mutter exasperatedly.
“We should talk about something else.” Steve suggests quietly when no one makes any move to leave, even though the explanations are finished.
“Ha, shock he says. Really.” Tony huffs out a disbelieving little laugh. “That’s
Steve snorts in spite of the guilt roiling in his gut, and Tony sticks his tongue out at him.
“Why the hell do you have so many microphones and what am I doing here.” Tony says, planting in his feet and grabbing the door frame before he can get shoved into her closet. Agent Jin has a glint in her eye that Tony really doesn't trust.
Then, on the other side is Bucky, Sam, Clint, Laura, Cooper, Lila, Nathaniel, Scott, Cassandra and Hope. Sadly they weren’t able to call any of the spacebound Avengers back from their universe exploring on such short notice to join, but there were more than enough people to wreak total havoc.
ass about it.”
adult supervision, but supervision nonetheless-”
Which is not say of course, that he knows how to properly interact with her.
Pepper laughs slightly. “Really.”
“I know. Thank you.”
“Um no.” He mutters. “I don’t think you’re allowed to just
Tony rolls his eyes. "Don't you have a daughter to catch?" And Rhodey jolts.
and he has no right, but knowing has shit to do with how he feels, because he’s pissed anyways. There is only one Iron Man, and he’s gone.
Steve watches his best friend enter and stumble around the kitchen for a minute, half-asleep and for once unaware of his surroundings before clearing his throat to make his presence known.
Steve gets it, he understands what Tony’s feeling because he can’t help feeling broken up about it too. Today was absolutely amazing, getting to see the people they love, watching them laugh and interact and
“Time for an old people gossip session,” Harley agrees, snickering, and Rhodey slaps them both gently on the back of the head when he goes to leave.
“Always so quick to defend me Steve?” she says, “I appreciate it, but it’s not deserved. I loved Tony, with all of my heart, but I’m definitely not without faults in our relationship. Tony tended to blame himself, but I did my own damage at times.”
“Shut it and drink your coffee.”
He puts down his pencil slowly when he finishes the general outline and swallows as he stares down at that handsome face that smirks up at him from the page. He reaches for the new oil pastels he bought, smudging red and gold over the paper.
Pepper nods happily. “Good. Kid deserves it.” and Steve hums in agreement.
with Jarvis and Friday, so maybe it's
They had won in the end, and Stane had been killed, but not before his final parting shot. That Steve was still dying. That Tony’s curse was what was killing him.
In the mortal realm. That's it. They had a solution to the cold beyond body heat. A fire?
Natasha laughs at that, carefree and bright, and Tony feels extraordinarily accomplished for such an small and ordinary thing.
Steve tries his best to look at it all analytically as he - carefully this time - grabs a glass and fills it, and leans against the counter. Consider all the facts:
Tony smiles slightly. “Lighter. I’m not okay but. It’s a start.”
Tony glares right back at him, apparently finally fed up.
Tony huffs. “Okay, yeah I deserved that.”
“AHA.” Tony shrieks, while being towed to the elevator. “So you admit it.”
Steve’s hand lies casually on the table as he speaks. Eventually the temptation proves to be too much for Tony and he reaches out and takes Steve’s hand, entwining their fingers on the table. Steve falters, a blush spreading over his face as he smiles down at his food before he continues talking.
He doesn’t deserve any of this kindness.
Morgan giggles when Steve makes a scrunched up scary face at her, and she scrunches up her face in return, which again, is absolutely adorable. Pepper watches them fondly.
Of course eventually Clint decides to steal a pickle off the Hulk’s plate, and the nice afternoon breakfast quickly descends into all hell. There's shouting, and smashing, and pancakes everywhere.
The mass drops like a stone, slamming to the ground with a deafening crack, a million tons of who knows what sizzling on the city streets.
“Well trust me when I say things are okay then. I’ll tell you everything when I manage to wrap my own head around the situation. All questions shall be answered in due time, but. I’m okay. Well. Physically.” Tony sighs and looks down at his hands. “It might take me a while mentally to get used to...what happened. But I’ll be okay.”
you dick.”
get to act as if I’m fucking delusional.” Tony spits back. “You forget that AI's can see the entire compound? You were so angry after talking to me that one day you fucking ran 1673 laps around the fields. It's not a small place Steve, and I counted. So look me in the eyes and try and tell me you don’t have a problem."
“I resent these accusations, the
because from where he’s looking his chances aren’t good at all-
“No, I wasn't.”
“Whoa there,” he laughs as she tries to climb onto his shoulders like a limber monkey. “You’re getting too big even for a supersoldier to pick up,” he teases, as he walks towards Pepper, who’s watching them with an amused smile. It’s a Saturday, so she’s home from SI.
, with a wonderful daughter and tight knit family, ruling their kingdom and watching over their people, who are flourishing. It’s a far-cry to those early days when Tony had crashed, desperate and angry and on the brink of death to see a frozen kingdom housing the most beautiful man Tony had ever laid eyes on, beautiful in a glittering icy way, and just as unfeeling.
“Well, there’s not a lot of interpretations available is there-”
Rhodey snorts from beside her, flicking paint off his clothes. “It’s gonna be a nightmare to clean up anyways,” but his huge smile belays his grouchy words.
Steve knows, without even having to ask, that he’s the last that remembers. The streets had been filled with stories once, at first in fun, and then in desperation. They had faded with the passage of time. He wasn't exempt from it, that desperation. Steve had spoken about it before, with Nat, Sam and Bucky, retold the stories over and over, a last ditch attempt to hold onto them.  They held on the longest, they’ve tried with all they had, but the light finally died out months ago, and one night Steve had received blank looks in return when he had asked. Just like every one of his people out on the street.
“The only reason we haven’t encountered more of these incidents,” Sam continues in, pulling Steve’s attention away from their resident AI genius, who is doing a pretty good job of mimicking a stone statue, “is because the tech itself ain’t cheap. Not everyone can afford it, and not everyone knows about it. And most importantly, no one seems to actually know who or what the source is.”
"I know you two are there." He says loudly, shifting one of the useless documents to the back. Sure enough, two small figures tumble out of Tony's wardrobe a couple seconds later, both with matching grins.
Later on, he sits in the bay window of the guest room instead of the bed once Pepper gets him settled. He finds he can’t sleep, so he watches the glittering drift of moonlight over the surface of the water, the gentle sway of the trees, because it’s infinitely better than tossing and turning on the sheets, the final battle and the look on Tony’s face as he fades replaying behind his eyelids everytime he tries to rest, tears staining the pillow. So he sits there, resolutely keeping his eyes open and finally drifts off in the early hours of the dark morning with the light of the stars printed behind his eyelids, burning cold and too bright, watching over from their place in the sky.
He doesn’t say anything and just sits there quietly, staring at the lake, offering silent comfort, because he gets the sense that soothing words are not really what Pepper wants or needs right now.
Despite the front that Tony tends to put up, he’s actually looking forward to spending some time with Steve. With all the superheroing they’ve been doing, as well as the Stark Industries business deals and the new upgrades he’s had to put in, he’s barely seen Steve in person beyond communal meals and Steve dragging him out of the lab to sleep and eat. They snapchat frequently of course, but that’s hardly a substitute for actual human company.
Steve looks up in surprise. At this point he’s had quite enough of being bed ridden, so he’s taken to pacing around in front of the window, much to the protest of Bruce, Clint and Pepper.
“I’m sorry.”
Steve spends the last stretch of the journey debriefing the rest of the Avengers on what they’re up against, a minor group of villains and their henchmen causing havoc in Manhattan, doesn’t seem like anything they can’t handle.
Steve laughs and slips into easy conversation with Pepper, about the happenings at SI, about the Avengers, everything. They’ve haven’t had a lot of time to just talk after all, Pepper’s busy schedule making it difficult to fit in even just a phone call at times. It had been simpler when Steve lived with her and Morgan, but now all they can really do is have a brief talk whenever they’re able.
“Yeah, it was.” Steve agrees.
The Avengers all troop in with varying degrees of exhaustion, and no one even attempts to hide it. Clint yawns loudly and promptly falls asleep in his chair.
“There’s a chance that it’s not the right person,” Sam affirms, “but our odds are good; she fits the profile we have on her to a tee.”
Bucky smiles at him sadly, understanding him perfectly without any words exchanged, knowing that Steve had gone back, had visited for that last dance, hugged Peggy and her wonderful husband, said a tearful goodbye.
He walks down the hall towards Bucky’s room, and sure enough, already he can hear the sounds of excessive arguing through the doorway. Steve snorts a little to himself as he taps on the open door to announce his presence. Some things never change.
“Really?”
because it’s completely your fault.” Tony sniffles wetly into Steve’s shoulder. And then he draws back to stare down at Steve. His brown eyes are puffy and red rimmed with dark circles under them, and he looks even older somehow, world weary and tired. He looks a mess. He’s gorgeous.
Steve watches, horrified, as the mass easily demolishes a low building, chunks of concrete falling onto the street as Bruce blocks civilians from getting killed by them.
“Tony, what the
didn’t even know.”
He let's go of it sheepishly, even though the kitchen is currently empty and sighs, guiltily noting the slight indent of fingers imprinted in the metal. After a moment of contemplation, he decides to just get a glass of water instead.
Steve retreats to his corner again as the fire crackles merrily in the middle of his destroyed bedroom, unfazed by the cold surrounding it.
Steve blinks, thrown at the answer. “Really? You’re...you’re sure?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony we’re not even married.” Steve stutters around his laughs, tugging on their joined hands to get Tony to slow down in his violent stomping. Tony bats at Steve’s arm in fake offense.
ones, not a press smile, not a fake one for the cameras, but one of those last smiles Tony had given him before they had gotten onto the time machine- “is to protect you.”
Tony flickers out with a small smile, and Steve lies down, falling asleep almost immediately despite his injuries, exhausted to the core.
“There will be no arguments, do you understand me? You have been fighting non-stop for the last two weeks, and none of you have went to medical in that time frame. I refuse to believe there are no injuries. I want the defenders of Earth to be hale and healthy, and I assure you, you most definitely won’t be if you skip the medical checks
“Technicalities.” Peter shrugs.
That particular argument about backup had been won by Sam after he had ended up flying away with said tactical gear, refusing to return it until Bucky agreed to let him come. There had been a lot of shouting and running around and at some point Bruce, Peter, and Wanda had stuck their heads out of their respective windows of the second floor to watch the commotion.
"Well?" He demands. Steve doesn't know how to respond to that anger, the emotion passionate and warm and lost to him.
“He’s going to freeze to death.” A quiet voice observes mildly. Steve snaps his head up in surprise to look at the guard that spoke, who’s only reaction to Steve’s sudden movement is a blink.
“Carol still traveling around?” Pepper asks after she finished cooing.
“Don’t die.” is all she says before she walks out of the room with Scott, and Steve snorts, the bluntness and the phrasing reminding him achingly of Natasha.
There are some tools tossed haphazardly on the workbench, never having been put away, and now that Steve looks closely, all the tables have gathered a thick layer of dust, after having been left undisturbed for, God what, almost seven years? Tony had taken FRIDAY, Dum-E, You and Butterfingers with him to the cabin with Pepper the first time they had failed to reverse the damage Thanos had wrought, when Thor had killed him. Five years later, Tony had arrived at the compound with the time machine already made, and the compound had other labs, so no one had returned here.
Regardless of his words though, Bucky promptly flings one arm around Sam and the other one over Steve’s shoulders, steering them out of the meeting room and down the hall.
Steve sighs.
, can’t school his face into something normal and he feels almost too full, bursting with everything, and Steve thinks he’s probably half hysterical at this point, and this is what it feels to be drunk, oscillating between extreme emotions.
"If you want me to leave, you're going to have to make me."
It’s a long ingrained habit at this point, born out of years of leading the Howling Commandos and later on the Avengers, and of course he’s no longer team leader, but it doesn’t stop him nitpicking at the little mistakes in his head, how he could have been better, if only he had done
“As if I couldn’t manufacture a graphite printer.”
“Honey?” she calls, and Happy responds with a distracted “Yes dear?”
"Hey you should be thanking me," Tony protests, "I'm the one who found her."
Tony snorts at the ridiculous tableau Steve makes and quickly snaps a picture, captions it “I’ve Fallen And I Can’t Get Up” and sends it to the Avengers and Tara.
Steve puts his head on his knees and desperately tries to regulate his breathing.
The new Avengers operate smoothly as ever, with Sam calling the shots and Bucky as his second. They work as a well oiled machine, and Steve can't help but feel extraordinarily proud of them, and sad, at the echo of how it had been all those years ago.
“Original flavour Tony used to do this all the time.” Steve decides to say lightly after a short pause of contemplation, but he can feel himself tense a bit anyways as he waits to see if the joke will be well received. He’s still not entirely sure where they stand, if they can joke about that kind of thing.
Steve manages to muster up a weak smile for the AI, but then has to look away quickly, blinking, because it just emphasizes the memory of Steve getting to know
“There’s only so much I can do with so little information,” Tony had muttered, looking frustrated. “The parameters are too wide. We’ll have to wait for Barnes and Wilson.”
“Besides,” she continues, humour coming back into her eyes, making them sparkle with mischief, “He's got a lab here too that I can mess with however much I want.” Steve laughs at that, and then follows her to go greet Happy and Morgan again when she bursts in through the backdoor, a ball of sunshine, talking a mile a minute. He puts the conversation out of his mind for now and allows Morgan to pull him aside so she can show him her new discoveries by the lake.
Tony looks.
, there’s no way Steve’s words matter
“My primary objective.” the AI says quietly, and smiles, and Steve can’t breathe again, because it’s a warm smile, one of Tony’s
dude you’re a
“Alright alright. I will...hmm, try my best. That’s all I can give you. Sorry Rogers.” he smirks down at Steve, who rolls his eyes and moves on. That’s a fight he can’t win.
“Dismissed.”
a terrifying thought, the three of them talking is enough to take over the world), but there’s a suggestion that Steve and Tony should get married and make it official, to which Tony had responded that there is literally no point, they’re all dead, and Steve had shrugged and said it would be nice though, and Tony had given Steve the Unimpressed Look™, and Steve had given him the Puppy-dog Eyes™, and Morgan had smacked Tony on the arm and went
Steve cuts Tony off with an exasperated groan and collapses back on the bed with a whump, feet dangling off the edge where he had been sitting.
Steve shakes his head in disagreement. “You’re a hero as well Pepper.” She pats him on the arm.
“You were singing.”
Silence.
It takes him a minute to realize what Natasha had said.
Steve carries the suitcase onto the landing pad after the send off, suited up and ready to return all the stones. Bruce nods at him and then the machine starts up.
Pepper laughs. “Sounds hilarious.”
Either way, Steve finds himself leaving with his excuses around the fifth episode of the first season, heading back to his room. He needs something else to take his mind off things since TV shows don’t seem to be working, and it’s only after he’s broken out a good portion of his new art supplies sketching an intangible outline that he realizes the picture he’s drawing has morphed into Tony somehow, iridescent and glowing, pieces of the Iron Man armour on, hugging his slender curves, with the rest of it floating in pieces around him, a halo of protection and defense.
Steve had nodded in response, walking to the door.
Wanda’s exasperated groan says it all, and Steve laughs. “Don’t worry. I won’t pretend to understand anything about magic, but I’m sure you’ll get it - whatever 'it' is - eventually.”
, and it hurts, a old wound torn open, jagged edges and ripped vulnerable skin, because this is just bringing back old memories full force, and he doesn’t even have words to describe how it feels, knowing that Tony is looking after them even beyond the grave, and that he has this one little piece of Tony left that’s not even the
After the Ultron incident, nothing had ever been the same, and Steve had found himself mourning 2012 as if it was a person, after that glimpse of how they had been when he had returned the stones, and the knowledge that now there was no chance of it ever coming back.
“There it is, that PSA smile, the face of pure evil.” and Steve laughs along with the three of them.
Steve turns to see Natasha standing there, staring at him. She looks perfectly placid, but her hand shaking on the doorknob belies it.
I already have a general plot down for how this story is going to go, so I will probably (key word is probably) update frequently in the future. Feel free to yell at me in the comments section if I don't quite manage it, I've been known to procrastinate XD
He shakes himself out of the spiral and quickly taps out of the year before he does something inadvisable in his grief.
“Wow, I forgot to tell you. Boy are you in for a treat,” she smiles, dragging Tony up from the bench to his indignant protests.
Steve glances over at Scott, Wanda, and Bruce sitting behind him, asking silently for their opinions as well. Bruce shrugs.
Steve snorts with amusement despite himself, and shakes his head, resigned, as the lab doors slide open. “God, only you Stark…”
Steve doesn’t
"No, God, don't do that, the floor is awful, it’s a horrible place to sit, it’s all dusty and gross-’’
The numbness reaches the base of his fingers before Steve deems it to be sufficient to get the man away from freezing to death. Steve does this thrice more with some stiff and frozen blankets he scrounges up from his closet, ones that he hadn't used in years. He hasn't needed them.
Despite what Steve tells Pepper, he continues procrastinating with it.
It’s held at Tony’s cabin by the lake, the place where he’s had so many happy memories with his family, where he got to live out a short normal life before it all went to hell. The whole planet is mourning today, with wakes being held all over the world for the man who had saved them all, had sacrificed everything for them. But for the actual funeral, the gathering is very small. The people closest to him, his friends, family, all those people whose lives Tony had touched.
When he finally does, they’re both out of breath and panting.
“No buts. Get your grades up,” he told him, getting to his feet. He kissed his Ma on the cheek, then grabbed Clint to kiss him on the crown of his head, and finally planted a kiss on Tony’s lips. “Okay, I gotta go. I’ll see you all tonight.”
“Ow,” he managed softly, rolling his head around to try and see where everyone had gone, to see if there was a way to escape.
“Much… much better,” Steve stuttered, heart hammering madly in his chest. “Yeah, this is… yeah, much better.”
,” Tony replied indignantly, setting himself down on his butt in front of the coffee table. Once Peter was close enough, he unceremoniously tugged him down onto his lap, and grinned when the kid squeaked in surprise. “You, my son, are getting more and more highly strung as you get older. Give it a few years and you’re gonna be picking fights with kids twice your size just like Pops used to, huh?”
“Hey, Carol?” he called. “If you buy this, I’ll Venmo you the cash when we get back, huh? You know I’m good for it.”
It was the first time Steve had heard him say please.
“Hey, buddy,” came a friendly voice from his left, and he turned in time to see a smiling man with an armful of menus coming towards him. “Can I find you a table, or is this just a flying visit to the bar?”
He let out an undignified squawk as Natasha kicked him non-too-gently under the table, and then side-eyed him to the best of her ability. Bucky, across the table, actually looked pretty amused by it all, if a little red in the face.
, too. Look –“
After that, the battle became more heated. The Red Skull appeared from the doorway looking pissed, and Steve spotted the machine gun in his hands just a second too late. He let bullets fly, and there was a brief moment where Steve found himself thankful that he didn’t seem to be a good shot, but then a strangled cry from somewhere near caught his ears and his heart caught in his throat.
It was sharp, brutal, all teeth and tongue, and when Tony pulled back he looked triumphant, as though he had finally gotten one over on Steve.
He decided to ignore Natasha’s somewhat despondent look.
“Mr. Stark.”
snoozing on the stairs.
, he had built a military grade suit of armour that he flew around in, and
Natasha looked worn down, he noticed for the first time. Her stance didn’t hold its usual sharpness, and her eyes were a little less bright than he remembered. She looked exhausted.
“Then get everyone suited up,” Steve replied. “This guy is supposed to be dead.”
“I’m good,” Lang, of all people, replied, flipping his mask down and grabbing for Carol and Steve. “Guys, let’s jet!”
“Open the gate,” he instructed into his earpiece, and one of Tony’s many AIs complied.
“I’m fine,” he mumbled, staring down at his hands. “I’m just a little sore, is all. No harm done.”
“Tasha, chill, I’m fucking with you,” Tony replied, craning his neck to try and get a look. Looked like they were the first there. “But do we know anything about them? Do we even have a gender?”
as opposed to just a normal relationship, a fairy would appear to aid them, having the ability to sense when their human’s soulmate grew near. The only downside to the whole situation was fairies also had to have some level of rapport as well, whether it be romantic or platonic, lest they make their humans’ lives hell.
“Clint?” Rogers called out suddenly, startling Tony so badly that he almost fell off his own feet.
Grumbling to himself, Tony unbuttoned his suit jacket and reached inside to pull the letter Rogers had sent to them out, hoping it would offer him some clues as to how to actually reach him. Not for the first time, he shook his head in wonder at the fact that it was a
Rhodey had seemed impressed by the place; maybe they were an expanding franchise, or had speciality food or ale in stock. Fuck, maybe they had a PR team that was driving people in, or -
Tony let out a bark of laughter, honestly assuming that Clint was kidding, but chuckled his way to an awkward stop once he realised Rogers wasn’t joining in with him.
“Oh,” Peter murmured quietly. “I don’t mean to get mad –“
“- your brother, Cap? How did they -?”
With the plan in place, Natasha took her bike and disappeared, probably to park it on the street behind the clubhouse for easier access. While she was doing that, Steve and the rest of them rode quietly up the alley and waited for her signal, which came in the form of a text.
“Uh-huh,” Natasha hummed, obviously completely unimpressed. “Keep telling yourself that. Now, either make yourself normal, human size, or buzz off. I have to work.”
you guys are my friends. I mean… well…”
That’s why he usually stuck to one night stands, these days.
“I believe you have something that belongs to me,” came a booming voice from somewhere behind them, startling Steve right out of his sudden grief.
Carbonell’s was a classy, established place. Tony had worked his ass off for the past ten years, building his brand from the ground up, giving the people a little slice of five star dining for a reasonable price, and now… well, now he was losing customers to the
Peter appeared from between people’s legs, little face scrunched up in misery as tears ran down his face. Without thinking about it, and sensing Steve doing the same behind him, Tony crouched down again to Peter’s level.
Steve’s grin was brighter than the moon lighting up the sky above them. “Happy Halloween, Tony.”
“Happy Halloween, honey,” Tony replied.
“You seem a little stiff, awkward,” Steve explained, moving Tony’s hand to his waist. “You need to relax. Don’t be afraid to pull me –
“Like a house ghost?” Peter asked excitedly.
“This is humiliating.”
“Uh huh,” Peter nodded, and shifted so he could clutch Steve’s hand with the one that wasn’t holding Tony’s.
“Hmmmmm – thanks,” Tony mumbled around a hum, a proud smile on his face as he led them back across the stage again.
“- gonna go and buy a whole box of doughnuts and eat every single one in front of them,” Tony was still grumbling under his breath as he loaded his plate into the dishwasher. “Gonna put Star Trek on and eat five pints of ice cream all to myself; everyone can suck a
“You’d do that for little old me?” Tony asked. “Captain America is prepared to break the rules?”
He was going to have to talk to his Dad about making one that could be turned off remotely, because he sure as hell wasn’t going to do
Steve nodded his head. Unlike Rhodes, he couldn’t seem to take his eyes off Tony. He was dangerously small, his grey skin seeming paper-thin around his brittle, broken bones. Steve spied what looked like a stab wound – old, by now, but not healed – against his right side, and refused to think about what could have caused it.
He also, distantly, realised that his own life was beginning to mirror that of the musical. Tony (the Music Man) was constantly pestering him, while Steve (Marian) tried to bat him away while he actually got some work done. It was uncanny, really, and more than a little annoying, though Steve couldn’t quite figure out why.
“And what about this? Is this good?” Tony asked, and then closed the remaining gap between them and caught Steve’s lips in a wonderful kiss.
“I know,” Steve sighed. “Just know that I will always pick you, given the choice.”
There was another explosion from somewhere nearby that rocked the whole building, and Tony staggered. Stane was close.
“Suzie has a crush on you, just so you know,” Peter hummed as he turned back to his work. “You might wanna be careful.”
Later, after they’d moved to the bed and the
“He did so,” Tony disagreed with a grin as Steve rolled his eyes fondly at him. “He also said he’s not gonna take care of me when I’m as old as you are.”
His hands were just closing around the first knobs, preparing to climb, when there was an echoing groan, a rumble, and then the gate was creaking open. Feeling somehow more on edge than he had when the gate was firmly closed, Tony stepped back and let the metal inch forwards, creating a gap just big enough for him to slither through. Rolling his eyes, he sucked in his gut, pushed his briefcase through first, and then ducked through into the grounds.
“I’m not doing it!” he screamed, bottom lip starting to tremble. “You can’t make me!”
“Well…
“Doesn’t sound like you,” Natasha, Bucky’s girlfriend, commented from Bucky’s other side. “Usually you’re straight in with a lunch tray when someone pisses you off.”
“Oh, I… sure. Table, yeah, uh – yeah, table,” Tony replied smoothly, smacking a palm against his forehead as soon at the guy turned away to lead him to a table.
“Hey,” he smiled, taking a seat beside him. He held out a bunch of flowers that had suddenly appeared in his hand. “These are for you.”
“Nothing,” Steve replied with a small shake of his head. “Just love how affectionate you are with them, that’s all.”
“You promised you wouldn’t do that anymore,” Natasha hissed, side-eyeing him. “It makes me look bad.”
“I’m being serious!” Tony insisted. “He’s nice to me, okay, but there’s a difference between being friendly and flirting with someone! He’s just a nice guy –“
“Oh my god,” Tony cackled after a moment of stunned silence. “Holy
“I actually have an undergraduate degree in computer engineering, and I still have quite a few contacts,” he hummed, opening another window for Rogers to see. “It’d be pretty simple and easy to get some colleges set up with an armed force overseas programme, and if it takes off, no doubt other colleges will follow suit.”
“Aw, baby,” Tony grinned, pecking the back of Peter’s head in the process. “You know I’m only joking.”
But the damage was already done. Peter sprang to his feet, squeaking excitedly, and did a weird little shuffle dance before throwing his arms around Steve's legs.
“It has to,” he replied with a sigh, “because I don’t know what we’re going to do if it doesn’t.”
” Pepper sighed, though her tone seemed a little strange.
There was a small pause, giving Steve time to realise – really, properly realise – that Tony had been in space. He had seen alien species, other planets, and that… Steve couldn’t even imagine. It must have been terrifying and awe-inspiring in equal measure.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Fine, okay, we’ll look for your soulmate. But if we’ve not found them by the end of the night…?”
“I’ve gathered everyone together,” he told them. “This world isn’t the same one you left, but, for now, everyone who Thanos snapped is back.”
The whole world lit up, and then everything went black.
“We will,” Carol promised him.
“I guess,” Steve agreed. “But it doesn’t matter now.”
Without further ado, Steve revved his engine loudly, the others doing the same, and let out an inhuman scream as he burst forwards into the street, drawing his gun as he did so. He fired a few shots into the air and heard them echo along the street, the others’ echoing gunshots rattling back at him. Someone had picked up some rocks – Wanda, he realised – and was throwing them at the door of the clubhouse. Sam had a baseball bat, and was tapping it repeatedly against the side of his bike as he rode one handed to make some noise.
“We’ll… be fine,” Steve replied, his pause audible to everyone. “Get home safe, Buck.”
Tony felt a little sick, and then angry that he felt that way. Stane had betrayed him – had tried to kill him more than once; he shouldn’t have felt any sort of sadness for him.
“Unlikely.”
“Hey, why don’t I come out with you? Buffer you from the guy a little bit?” Rhodey suggested over breakfast, and Tony barely managed to hide a sigh of relief. Having Rhodey there with him would help give him the confidence to do this.
“You, too,” Tony hummed in agreement, and then leaned up for a kiss. “Okay, fine, I like being a domestic goddess.”
“I am a great leader,” Tony huffed, though he let Steve mould him into position. “What… what am I doing wrong?”
Steve went running again. He didn’t stop when the blonde woman put her fists up, and he didn’t stop when the blue woman stepped in front of Tony protectively; he barged through them both and wrapped his arms as tightly around Tony as he dared.
“All these years, and that’s still the most effective way you’ve got to shut me up,” Tony grumbled, leaning in for one more kiss, because he was an addict by this point. “You could just
Tony barked out a surprised, indignant laugh when Natasha flicked his whole head with one of her fingers.
“We can’t take him to the hospital,” Sam yelled, nodding towards Pietro. “Take him back to our place; Bruce is still there, and I’m sure he’s said he has some basic medical training.”
They had signed a record contract almost eight years ago now, under Wilson Talent Management, after Steve had spotted one of their scouts in the audience of a battle of the bands gig they had been playing. As soon as their set had ended, Steve had swooped down into the crowd and haggled the guy until he’d agreed to take them on. To this day, Tony didn’t know how he’d done it – just that his legendary puppy-dog eyes had probably somehow been involved.
,” Rhodey huffed, pulling up a chair on Tony’s other side. He took Stark’s hand and gripped it tightly, unshed tears shining in his own eyes. “You fucking
“Good morning,” he hummed, kissing Peter’s cheek. “Are you done with your cereal, or can I finish it?”
They stood there for another moment in silence, before, as one, turning to the door at a sprint. Steve beat Tony to the security office, but Natasha was already there when they ducked inside. She had CCTV footage up on the screens lining one wall, flicking from one angle to another, to another in her search for whoever was out there.
Instead, he stepped into the faux townhouse and locked the door behind him. An ominously loud click followed, proving there was some kind of deadbolt attached to the door, and he finally took a deep breath, knowing – for now, at least – that he was safe.
“Oh,” Peter managed intelligently, but, injured as he was, didn’t move quickly enough as everyone surged forwards.
“Not dead, per se, just… evaporated,” he replied. “And we’re trying to stop that from happening. Also, it’s rude to look into the future while you have guests.”
Tony was pretty proud of his place. He hadn’t purchased it in the best of circumstances, but it felt good. His last place had technically belonged to his father, as it had been bought with family money, and when they’d argued Tony had been kicked out. It had been inconvenient, as Tony had a job at a local garage that he had to get to every day, but Rhodey had kindly put him up at his Mom’s house until Tony had saved enough to rent his own place.
Once they were safely inside Natasha’s apartment building, Tony tipped himself out of her pocket and had grown to full size before he’d even hit the ground. They took the stairs instead of the elevator, both of them full of too much excited energy to really stand still long enough.
“Boys,” Cap hummed, and they both fell silent. He turned to Tony, expression going a little softer, and handed him the duffel bag holding the remains of his armour. “There’s an alley just around the corner – you can take the helmet off and blend in there.”
Steve was immediately caught up in the pageantry of it all, just like he always had been, and grinned as Tony led him across the stage. He was still humming, close to Steve’s ear, and a shiver ran up his spine at the feeling of it.
for going forward with an adoption and not telling her.
Tony rolled his eyes, but took the flowers all the same. “You kiss a guy one time and suddenly you’re stuck with him for all eternity.”
It looked like it split Rhodes in two, but he did as he was told and stood. Steve followed him to the door, and decidedly didn’t look back as a sob followed them out.
in the twenty-first century, honestly?
“I’ll be fine, honey bear,” he replied with a grin. “Appreciate your concern, though.”
“I’m…” Tony took a deep breath, must have seen something break in Steve’s expression, because he stopped yelling. “I’m not going to be able to fix them all today. There are too many, I… I have some working bikes in the back. They’re not beefy like these, but… but they’ll be fast. You should take them.”
Well and truly confused, he looked around. He was propped up in a bed, that much became clear pretty quickly; his arms and chest, when he peered down, looked a little pink in places, but he didn’t appear to be hurt. There certainly wasn’t an explanation for the burning, agonising pain he blearily remembered from before.
“Good to know,” Tony nodded, and then grinned again. “Guess this is where I leave you then, huh, kiddo? You got a kiss for your old man, or –“
“I got over what other people thought of me when I was a scrawny eleven-year-old in high school the first time around,” Tony huffed, and then grinned at the girl sat opposite them who shot him a strange look.
. “But I wasn’t kidding when I said his oxygen levels were low. You should probably do something about that.”
Steve kept running, Rhodes falling into step beside him despite his disability, but as they rounded the corner and came face to face with a wall of windows that gave way to the grounds outside, they both stopped as one.
He just hoped he was right.
was this Jimmy kid? “He pulled my tracks off an’ took my eye hat and put ‘em in the water, Papa.”
“Well, fuck you too,” Steve snapped in reply, pulling Tony towards him as anger burned under his skin. “Fuck you for always thinking you’re right, for never listening, for being too damn proud to call me before you
“It’s time!” Steve yelled to everyone.
“Right, on it, Cap,” Clint saluted, then darted for the door and closed it behind him on the way out.
Steve was starting to wonder if he was hallucinating.
“I’m sitting with you at lunch tomorrow,” his Dad decided as Peter pulled away. “And let’s hope to god I change back soon, because I can’t take much more shitty cafeteria food.”
Tony assessed him for a moment, and then sighed. “I promise I won’t cause trouble.”
he was looking right at Tony because he was in the suit, but there had been a moment where… his expression had softened. Just for a moment, Tony had felt like Cap was staring right into his soul, and it had left him feeling off-kilter.
“How do you -?”
“Clint…” Tony almost choked on his own spit. So that dastardly butler had sent him on a wild goose chase around a creepy mansion when he had known all along where Rogers had been? “You need some new staff.”
Tony just frowned deeper, and had to lean in to kiss her again. She grumbled and wiped her face as though completely put out by his affection, but Tony knew she secretly liked the attention.
“Right.”
“I’m Steve Rogers,” the stranger introduced himself, and then ducked down to pick up his morning paper. Tony immediately averted his eyes, because if he got an eyeful of that ass he knew he’d never be able to look away.
“You are never allowed out of the house unsupervised
“I’m dead,” he proclaimed, and Tony shrugged his shoulders.
He vaguely thought he might have heard himself scream, but there was a rushing in his ears that was making it kind of hard to be sure. His arm hung limply at his side, and when he tried to move it – tried to defend himself – nothing happened. He managed to duck under yet another flying fist from his Pops, but that just put him closer to the open front door, where –
instead of Cap.
Steve had really hoped it wouldn’t come to a shoot-out, but it was starting to look like they wouldn’t have a choice.
“Papa,” Peter insisted while Steve was busy simultaneously towelling his hair dry and spotting Tony’s step ladder as he pinned decorations to the wall. “Papa, you’re not looking –“
Steve introduced him to some of his friends, Natasha, Clint and Thor, who Tony found out soon enough were also musically inclined. Tony, himself, could play classical piano, though he hadn’t practised in years, and secretly prided himself on his gritty voice; together, they were a match made in heaven.
is what Tony’s wearing fyi
Tony was still frozen mid air, choking on the words that refused to leave his throat. He could still hear the sounds of the others fighting below him and thought he heard the increasing calls of his name. The witch raised her hand, palm up slowly and Tony began rising with the motion.
Tony nodded again and went to lean against a large tree nearby when he felt Steve lightly grab for his elbow. Tony immediately yanked the arm away, apparently to Steve’s dismay as he put on a frustrating pout.
At first he took the expression as one of disappointment—
mean to me, how much I admire you, even though I’ve done a fairly lousy job of showing it so far. I would tell you how deeply I regret lying to you. How deeply I regret misjudging you. I would explain how painful it was to watch you go after Bucky, how much that
seriously though, why did the last bit make me so sad
. We need food, and a full deer could feed us for a few days.”
The sound of pounding water was getting closer & closer, and when they broke through the thick tree line they saw it: a huge, beautiful waterfall.
Tony was used to not eating for long periods of time, but he was also a normal human.
The other man nodded and met his eye line, “I’m not promising I’m not going to lash out at you. Whether you think it’s fair or unfair, I’m still pissed at you.
“Oh so it’s
Steve knew he needed to leave. He knew this was a private moment between Tony & no one else. It was completely unacceptable for him t—
“I want to explain that I know that’s not always the way to go. I don’t know politics, you
It was smooth not slimy and clearly well fed. It had whisker-like appendages on its face that were lavender. He still wasn’t 100% sure about eating it, but he began jogging back to camp with the ‘fish’ in tow.
Tony knew Steve was lying. He knew that
Tony’s breathing was still loud, but it had returned to a relatively normal pacing,
He wanted to say something and get them out of the compromising position, but Steve shifted again until his hard cock was pressed directed against Tony’s ass and suddenly the genius had no coherent train of thought. Steve murmured incomprehensibly in his ear and moved his hips, sleepily grinding his own erection into Tony. He let out a few quiet sighs and sleepy moans as he pressed them tightly together. His hand trailed uncoordinated across Tony’s side and ended up resting lazily across the brunet’s hips, hand unintentionally ghosting over his crotch.
Both of their stomachs ached and Steve could feel a weakness in his muscles he hasn’t felt in well over 70 years. But he continued gathering wood for the fire they were hoping to make tonight. It was less misty out today than when they’d first arrived and Steve wanted to take any advantage to get some dry kindling and wood.
It was dampening his undersuit and making him shiver each time the breeze washed over him. The air felt thick and covered him in sheer layer of mist. It was quiet, much too quiet to even be in the vicinity of New York City. The only sound he could make out was a shallow, even breathing to his left.
“Stark—“ Steve began.
Tony was warm and muscular with a thin layer of softness to him. The top of his head fit nicely under Steve’s chin when he tilted it up. He smelled like the earth and campfire and a little bit of Steve, but maybe he was just imagining that.
