"Of course I did. It's Sammy, and he's not just dead this time. He's in Hell. I'd go back there again in five seconds if it meant he could get out. Except get this: Hell doesn't want me anymore. They want Sam. No demon was willing to make a deal with me. The ones I tried… they all laughed in my face." Dean muttered, remembering the red, laughing eyes of one of the Crossroads Demons he had summoned one day last week when he wasn't busy drinking and moping.
"It's only 8 o' clock. I don't have class until noon tomorrow and I know you have the day off." Dean said, glancing at his phone to double check the time. "How about a beer?"
Castiel arrived almost exactly 15 minutes later with burgers from 5 Guys. When Dean smelled them, his stomach growled. He hadn't realized how hungry was. They sat down at the tiny bar in his kitchen and Castiel passed Dean a burger.
Castiel looked pleased and settled back into the cushions. Dean didn't know if it was the beer or intimacy of being alone in his apartment that was making Castiel so open to him after being so guarded. He wasn't sure why Castiel would choose him, of all people, to be the one who saw his true personality.
After dinner, Jo went home and the Winchester family and Castiel sat in the living room watching yet another showing of Star Wars. None of them were really paying attention. It was cozy and warm in the living room and Sam was passed out on the couch, drowsy from the injection of Haldol. Mary was knitting; something Dean had never seen her do.
"Duh. Charlie insists there is something we have to see and we had such a good time last time, then why the hell not?"
"I have no idea. I guess… I could hunt. I kind of want to hunt. I kind of want to go back to school. I kind of want to just stay here and have Cas make me dinner and be weirded out by your relationship. Honestly, I don't know." Sam said.
Sitting on the floor in front of the radiator is a welcome reprieve after all the walking he’s done this morning. Now that he has the right equipment it’s an easy fix, and within half an hour the thing’s chugging out heat again. Dean is drenched with sweat by the time he stands and turns back to Cas, although he still feels chilled.
“Yeah,” Sam whispers. “I know.” He looks away and goes silent for a long time. When he speaks again, his voice is quiet and cracked. “Dean, you have to take care of yourself. I—You’re all I have left.” He looks back at Dean, eyes bright with tears. “You know that, right? I can’t lose you too.”
Cas sits next to him and gestures that he should eat. “It’s my sister’s recipe. I’m afraid this is a pale imitation of the real thing.”
He turns his phone off after that. It doesn’t do anything to silence the ringing that continues, loud and incessant, in his dreams.
Sam is catching a flight back to California in the afternoon, but he drives Dean home in his rental car first. When they pull up outside the apartment building, Sam and Cas both try to offer him a hand out of the car. It takes him a minute, but Dean stubbornly makes it upright on his own.
Then Cas is gone, and Dean is left to wonder what the hell just happened. He doesn’t think it’s fair of Cas to be so pushy when it comes to everything about Dean’s life but completely closed-off about his own. At least Dean has the courtesy to leave people well enough alone when he wants the same.
Dean grips the handrail on his way down the long flights of stairs. Despite the sharp pain in his head and chest, the lower half of his body feels numb and uncoordinated, the sheer force of gravity setting him off-balance. Outside, the wind bites at his face and digs into his throat when he inhales. With great effort, he swallows down a cough.
” Dean takes a breath. It’s easier like this, whispering into the half-dark. “Spent most of my childhood babysitting his ass, looking after Sammy when he couldn’t. Sam resented him for it, but I never did. He’d been through some shit in his life that… Well, just believe me when I say he was a good father, all things considered.”
“I just really think you should come out here,” Sam says. “We’re going to Jess’s parents’ place for Christmas dinner. I know they’d love to meet you.”
There it is. The sharp flare of anger he’s been waiting for. “Hey, I gotta go. I’ll talk to you later.”
Some time later, he wakes up slumped over with his head pillowed on Cas’s thigh. It’s getting dark outside, and the apartment is bathed in the orange glow of lamplight. Dean feels warm. Cas is stroking Dean’s hair absently with one hand and holding a book in the other. Where the cuff of his sleeve is pushed up, Dean catches a glimpse of tattoo.
he missed his bed. He’s out like a light within moments after his head touches the pillow. When he sleeps, it isn’t the restless, consuming unconsciousness of the half-dead he’s become used to, but the easy and comfortable doze of an afternoon nap.
“Go away,” Dean mumbles nonsensically. His mouth is bone-dry, his voice cracked and garbled beyond recognition.
By the time they reach the fourth floor, Dean’s out of breath. Castiel stops abruptly, sets the dog down carefully and turns to look at him. “This is my floor.”
Dean’s first week in his new place goes like this: he wakes up sometime around noon, shivering and sweat-damp. By the time he’s showered and gotten dressed there’s another few inches of snow on the ground and it’s dark out again and he’s tired enough to doze off on the couch until two or three in the morning, when he drags himself back to bed.
Dean blinks until the darkness resolves into the low embers of the fireplace and twinkling coloured lights hanging on the walls. Cas is hovering in the centre of his vision, a dark silhouette against the dim glow lighting the room. The shop is quiet, the crowd dispersed.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean says, still reeling from light-headedness, chest pain, and the sudden turn in conversation. “Anytime.”
“Thanks, kid,” Dean mumbles. He clears his throat. “Just been getting extra into the Christmas spirit lately, y’know what I mean?”
Dean shivers. It’s freezing. He gets up, grabs a beer from the fridge and cranks the radiator higher. He sits back down on the futon, hooks his phone up to the wireless speakers and turns his music up loud enough to drown out the quiet.
Then, a week after he moves in, he’s half-passed out on the futon with the TV playing quietly when he’s roused from his evening nap by sudden noise coming through the wall.  It’s some sort of metallic clanging, punctuated by the muffled but recognizable sound of loud and creative cursing.
There’s an indeterminate stretch of time where he drifts in and out of consciousness, waking up long enough to take a few sips of water or hack up what feels like half a lungful of phlegm, but never long enough to get a sense of the passage of time.
Then Dean’s breath catches and he starts coughing. He digs his inhaler out of his pocket and holds it to his lips, but can’t stop coughing long enough to get the medication to his lungs. The spasms keep coming, wrenched up from deep in his chest, until his vision goes dark at the edges and he has to lean against the closest wall just to stay standing.
Dean shakes his head and stalks away out of the park. He gets the sense he’s moving slower than he should be. He can’t feel his hands or feet, but he keeps moving, fuelled by the cold rage in his stomach.
The first thing he sees is the picture. It’s a little faded with age, and the corners are crumpled from where Dean shoved it back into the box. He lifts it out of the box and straightens the edges carefully, reverently.
Cas is holding a steaming metal pot. There’s a grocery bag dangling from the crook of his elbow. “Dean,” he says gruffly. “You look terrible.”
“Hey,” Dean says, to break the tension. “Instead of freezing your ass off all night, why not come over to my place for a bit? We can order pizza.”
Castiel glances down and looks surprised to see the dogs there, waiting patiently. “No.” He offers no further explanation, but follows Dean into the building and heads for the stairs.
“Cas,” he says, not sure of what he’s going to say next but determined to stop Cas from leaving until he can make him understand.
“I’ll be travelling to visit her in a few days,” Cas says. “I’ll be sure to pass along your compliments.”
“It’s my pleasure,” Cas murmurs, sitting back down next to Dean. Buster lifts his head from Dean’s lap and sniffs at the plate hopefully.
There’s a long line at Ellen’s. Cas is behind the counter. He looks tired, but something hopeful jolts in Dean’s stomach when he smiles and greets the next customer in line. The sensation crystallizes as guilt, and Dean realizes he doesn’t want to bother Cas while he’s busy—doesn’t think he could stand long enough to make it through the line even if he tried—so he heads back to the lounge chairs and sits as close to the fireplace as he can. Hopefully he’ll be warm again by the time the line dies down. The fire is hot and bright, and he shuts his eyes against it.
“Okay.” Sam doesn’t sound convinced. He’s quiet for a while. Dean can picture him clearly, sitting at his desk with his brow scrunched up, chewing his fingernails anxiously.
Sam understands him anyway. “Not a chance, asshole.” He reaches for the bedside table and grabs a paper cup, brings the straw to Dean’s lips. “Drink.”
He says it with utter conviction that has all the air in Dean’s lungs whooshing out of him at once. Dean drags in another breath. It’s not enough, not nearly enough, but the oxygen being fed through his nose helps.
“I’m also prescribing you a refill for Ventolin,” she says, scribbling something illegible on her prescription pad. “Be sure to look after yourself. If your symptoms persist beyond the next few days, come back in. Okay?”
He nudges the last box out of the way with his foot and flops down on the futon, taking stock of his new home. The kitchen faucet drips rhythmically. A single window above the sink looks out on the street below. Paint is peeling away from the walls in some places to reveal patterned wallpaper underneath. The few pieces of furniture he’d kept from the old place—his bed, a nightstand, coffee table, and TV—are far from enough to give the impression that a functional adult lives here. He hadn’t even kept the TV stand, which was stupid, he knows, but it’s too late now. It’s donated or junked along with everything else. The ten or so boxes piled up near the door are all that’s left.
Cas observes him thoughtfully for several moments, then stands and disappears into the kitchen. He returns bearing a small glass bottle, which he unscrews before drawing up half a dropper full of amber liquid. He holds it out to Dean. “Here. Take this.”
Somehow, without Dean’s permission or clear recollection, Cas manhandles him into a standing position, across the street and up all the flights of stairs. Hazily, Dean gets the sense that it takes longer than he perceives. At the end, he’s deposited back into his bed. He grabs hold of Cas’s wrist again.
The third thing he notices is Cas. He’s lounging in a chair next to the bed, reading a book. Even from this angle, his exhaustion is written plainly on his face and in the set of his slumped shoulders. The sight of him sprawled out in the chair is enough to send a spark of something warm and pleasant radiating outward from Dean’s stomach.
“Under your tongue,” Cas instructs. “Normally I’d suggest smoking since the effects are more immediate, but I’m almost certain you’d keel over and die if you inhaled anything other than air right now.”
Bobby shakes his head. “I made a promise I’d take care of you. If you need anything, I’m here. Hell, I’ll even front you some money.” He pushes back off the counter, makes his way over to the register and pops the drawer. He pulls out several bills and returns to Dean, pushes the money across the counter towards him. “Call it a holiday bonus. But you need to take some more time, son.”
Cas glances up from the keys, brow furrowed. “I don’t make anything.” Before Dean can respond to that, he locates the correct key and unlocks the door.
Dean shakes his head, makes to push Cas away but he must be weaker than he thought because all he manages is an ineffectual shove at Cas’s shoulder. The movement makes it hard to breathe and Dean loses some time trying not to suffocate.
Bobby stays quiet for too long, which Dean knows means he’s choosing his words carefully. “Listen, Dean. Why don’t you come back after the holidays? You deserve the break.”
“Get off me,” Dean says, shoving Cas back with both hands and climbing to his feet with effort. “I’ve been
Anger sparks through Dean’s veins like a flash fire, sudden and uncontrollable. He shoves the pile of bills away forcefully. “Christ, I don’t want your money. Forget it.”
Dean’s lungs choose that moment to stage a rebellion, and by the time he’s done laboriously hacking them up a couple minutes later, Cas has stood and put his scarf back on. “Thank you for letting me borrow your heat,” he says shortly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I’m Ellen.” She slides the cup of coffee coffee toward him across the counter. “Well, Dean, you’ve either got great taste in coffee or just didn’t notice the Starbucks a block over.” She fishes a muffin out of the display case and passes it to him. “First one’s on the house. Welcome to the neighbourhood.”
“It’s quite all right,” Cas says. He takes the half-empty bowl from Dean’s limp fingers. “You should sleep. I’ll check in again later.”
Dean hauls the last box up by himself. Bobby offers to come up and help Dean start unpacking, but Dean thanks him for everything and insists he’s got it covered from here. After making Dean promise to call if he needs anything, Bobby claps him hard on the shoulder, gets back in his truck and drives away down the slush-covered street.
, he’s high. Dean sits up slowly and Cas’s hand drops to his shoulder. As soon as he’s upright, the headache comes pounding back. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Got any Advil?”
Dean shivers. Cas’s apartment is freezing. He kneels next to the radiator and checks over the nuts and air vents while Cas hovers above him. “Got a pipe wrench?” he asks. “Not much I can do with this one.”
is take care of people. Looking after people’s dogs so they don’t have to give em up or pay someone to look after them during the day. Working at Ellen’s for free so she can spend the weekends with her daughter. Saving my goddamn life when I was too stuck in my own head to do anything about it myself.”
“Wait here,” Cas says, like he thinks Dean has places to be. He disappears behind the counter for a minute and comes back with several ice cubes wrapped in plastic wrap. There’s a clean dish towel draped over his arm. He covers the ice with the towel and hands it to Dean. “For your hand.”
There are several people hovering above him. Dean doesn’t recognize them. Something is strapped to his face, over his mouth, tight and constraining. He lifts his hand to remove the offending object, but someone catches his hand.
Cas watches quietly as Dean pulls a stack of books out of the box and sets them on the floor next to him.
His hand goes to Dean’s elbow and tugs, attempting to pull him up, but Dean resists. He grabs Cas’s wrist. “Cas,” he says, imploring Cas to understand what he’s trying to say. “I didn’t mean it. I was an asshole.”
Dean decides to go to work instead of dealing with that can of worms. He puts his jacket back on and takes the bus to the garage. It snowed again last night, and the bus’s tires slip in the fresh accumulation more than once on the way.
“Look,” Dean says. “I appreciate it, but I got a lot of shit to take care of here. Besides, I can’t really afford the flight right now.”
Dean shrugs and pinches the dropper of liquid under his tongue. The flavour is sharp and heady. He hands the bottle back to Cas, who draws up a dropperful for himself, although Dean notes he takes considerably more for himself than he’d given Dean.
That’s a bit irritating, but what the hell—Dean’s not opposed to a little recreational substance use once in a while. He takes the dropper.
Inside, his apartment looks distinctly different from how he remembers leaving it. His bed is made. All the trash that had collected while he was sick is gone. There’s food in the kitchen—bananas and tomatoes ripening out on the counter, along with what looks like a homemade pie.
When he finally stops walking, it’s dark out. Dean can’t feel his feet, or his hands. It takes him a minute to realize he’s outside Ellen’s. Without realizing it, he’d walked all the way home.
Dean reaches for the mug, wraps his uninjured hand around it to balance out the chill of the ice. Eventually, he stops shivering.
Dean doesn’t really want to abandon his warm fireside chair, but he figures the fresh air will be good for him. And, if he’s being honest, he’s missed spending time with Cas. Outside, it’s snowing lightly. The cold air burns in his lungs and he starts shivering almost immediately, but it’s nice to be out of his apartment.
When they get to the park, Cas lets some of the dogs off the leash. He smiles watching them run and play, so wide Dean can see his gums. His teeth are as white as the snow slowly gathering in his untidy hair.
Dean opens his eyes and all he sees is white. It feels like a dream, the way he tries to move, to talk, but his brain won’t connect to his numb body so all he can do for a long while is blink and breathe. Dean experiences an immense rush of gratitude that he’s even capable of those things. A rhythmic beeping comes from somewhere to his left.
Sam takes pity on him then, reaching out and planting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, giving a reassuring squeeze. “It’s okay, Dean,” he says. “Go back to sleep. It’s okay.”
“Good,” Cas says, but his words are warped and muffled by the sound of rushing blood in Dean’s ears. “That’s good, Dean. Just breathe.”
Dinner that night was a success, mostly because Dean had convinced his mother not to let Castiel near the lasagna.
Castiel took off his glasses and set the book on the bedside table. He turned to Dean and gave him that smile that always made him so weak in the knees. Dean pulled him in close, giving him a deep kiss on the mouth.
"A lot of bad things happened to me when I was young." Castiel said. "Things I won't talk about. There are other parts of myself too, things I don't want to discuss, but that's why I'm so… I don't know, guarded."
"Dean. I don't have all day. What is the point of this?" Crowley said, beginning to look irritated again.
"I don't know. Jo is my oldest friend. I thought I was in love with her all throughout middle school and part of high school. Then Jo was gay and I realized it wasn't happening. Charlie, well, there aren't many lesbians with dudes' names around here, so she and Jo bonded. She was Jo's friend, and now she's my friend, and now we're a package deal." Dean babbled, thinking fondly of his friends.
The Dean copy loses his warmth, instead smirking as he approaches Castiel. "Do you know how much I wish you'd stayed in Purgatory?" The copy taunts. "How much I wish you had died? How much I wish you'd stayed in a coma? Why the fuck are you here, Cas?"
Dean just shut him up by pretending his fingers were spiders, moving down the front of his boxers. Castiel just groaned as Dean worked out the rest of his kinks
"I cared, but not like you'd think. I was shut down. I didn't have it in me to let anyone into my life, not after everything that happened. Then I met you. The night… the night I destroyed everything in my apartment… I think that it was kind of a reaction to that, I guess. Now I just worry and toss and turn a lot."
"Yes! I am psyched I ran you over this morning, dude! You might save my grade!" He said. "When are you free? I can get today's notes from my friend, Charlie and the book and we could go to town!"
"Um, not Melt Banana or anything like Melt Banana." He said, frowning just a little, hoping he wouldn't offend Castiel.
Dean caught the fry in his mouth and gave Jo his trademark smirk. Years ago, he secretly thought he would end up marrying Jo. The dream had ended when Jo had joined the cheerleading squad to woo the head cheerleader, Lydia, and so she could understand why all the football players thought "spankies" were the greatest thing since sliced bread. Now, the only things he was sure about was that he'd be the 'man of honor' at Jo's wedding and that his two very best friends were lesbians.
"I am nothing like an Ewok." Castiel said. His eyes were bright and he appeared outraged again, even though a smile was playing on his lips.
Dean couldn't respond to that. Once again, Cas had just put him in his place. He suddenly felt extremely idiotic for fawning over his boyfriend like he was a porcelain doll. He was fawning over him, worrying about him, like he was Sam. Except Cas wasn't Sam and neither of them needed him trying to take care of them all of the time. As Dean thought this, Sam began to snore, as if he was bored by Dean's attitude toward.
"Do Jo and I make you feel uncomfortable? Do your other friends?" Dean asked, suddenly feeling guilty about always watching Castiel.
Jo and Dean were lying on his bed watching Dr. Sexy MD. Jo was wearing a pair of sweats and a bra, sucking diet coke from a straw. Any other red-blooded American male would have found this irresistible because Jo was gorgeous, but mostly Dean couldn't stop noticing how noisily she was slurping.
Dean came downstairs and found Castiel, Sam and Mary sitting in the living room. There was a pizza sitting on the coffee table and a 12 pack of beers sitting on the floor. Dean suddenly loved his mother far more than he thought possible.
"See, Dean gets me. Dean, you think Princess Leia is a babe, right? What about you, Cas?" Charlie said.
"What about Adam?" Cas asked, making sure to get all of the information out of Balthazar he could this time.
"You're in your vessel because this is what it's going to be like down there. You will appear as you always do to him." A commanding female voice says.
When Naomi delves into Castiel's brain after Samandriel's murder, she sees her own work, the control, the memory wipes, but below that, she is once again shocked at what she finds. After weeks of reprogramming, Castiel's humanity remains. His mind is still drenched with guilt, which Naomi is using to her advantage. On top of that, there are also lingering feelings of love and thoughts of never returning to Heaven again. In Castiel's mind, the only reason he'd ever return would be to make amends. Castiel no longer sees himself as an angel and his thoughts about his form and his true home are conflicted. He thinks he's fallen too many times to be a real angel and Naomi agrees; Castiel is cracked, flawed, and he is hardly worthy of calling himself a Soldier of God. Below this particular brand of self-loathing and self-doubt, she sees Castiel's true thoughts about the other angels. He sees them as murderous creatures, riddled with God's mistakes. Castiel prefers humans to angels, yet his need to redeem himself to Heaven still overtakes him, because he still views the angels as his true family. Getting past the guilt and the doubt, two emotions that dictate his thoughts, she sees something that makes her consider throwing him back into Purgatory herself. She sees a face. One face, above all, that dominates almost everything, even overwhelming the angel's self-loathing and guilt.
Castiel groans at his horrible joke, because Dean's jokes are always terrible, but kisses him anyway.
"I didn't last long, obviously. It was a little over a week before I got picked up by this guy. He called himself Bruno. He was a monster, but he took me in. I had a warm bed. I had food. There were others like me, mostly young girls. Bruno's rule was that we had to earn our keep. The first time he sent me out, he told me I had to prove my worth. This is when he started giving me heroin. He gave us all heroin." Castiel said, his voice finally breaking.
In the dark, Dean could tell Castiel's mind was racing. Castiel kept shifting next to him, sighing, muttering to himself, and turning the pillow over. It was driving Dean crazy, but he couldn't exactly sleep himself, so he couldn't be irritated at Castiel for being restless. Around 2am, he spoke up.
Sam smiled nervously. "She just went to the store to get some beer for you. She knew you would be here soon. I promise, I'm okay alone now. She's been able to leave me alone since a week or two after I… got out of the hospital."
"Dean, tomorrow or at least before you leave on Wednesday, I'd like you to take me down to the police station." She said, her voice thick. She glanced at Castiel, her face etched with shame.
"It's okay, Mom." He murmured, stroking her shoulder. "I'm sorry I freaked out. I promise, I won't do anything. I swear."
Castiel stops. The copy is somehow emoting. He can feel and hear the disdain. The copy of Dean is disgusted by him and truly does not want him around.
"Sammy is smart. Much smarter than me. Hell, he's probably as smart as you. Unlike me, his brains aren't limited to one area. He's good at everything. He can tell you about the GDP in some random country one moment, master calculus the next, and then he'll write a poem that'll make you whimper like a baby."
His throat closed up again and tears tugged at his eyes. He couldn't believe he was telling this to someone he had known for a month. Charlie was one of his best friends in the world and he would never admit that to her. It was too horrible.
Castiel wasn't stone; he wasn't glass; he was driftwood. Dean knew that he was too. They were keeping each other from drifting out to sea.
"See? He'll be fine. He always is. You know that these things happen." Jo murmured, rubbing his shoulder.
Cas plopped down next to him, holding the wine, which still wasn't open. He squinted at the television and made a face. Clearly Cas didn't know how to open a wine bottle, nor did he find basketball amusing.
Brunch wasn't as embarrassing as Dean thought it would be. No references were made to Jo's preference for girls or Dean's current preference for Castiel. No one mentioned schizophrenia or Sam's recent brush with the psych ward. Bobby and Ellen didn't ask why Castiel was in Lawrence, which made it apparent to Dean that Jo had said something to them about it, thus proving yet again, that she was smarter than him. They talked, laughed, and told stories for two hours. Castiel was actually fitting in with Dean's surrogate family and Sam seemed happier than Dean had seen him in a long time. Dean wished silently that his mother was there too, but as long as John Winchester was still in her life, there wasn't room for her in the Singer house. Aside from that, things were going swimmingly, or so Dean thought.
"I… have no idea. I am still not sure why am here. I was dead, Dean. I was guts on the ground." Cas muttered. "I am not even… fully restored, not to my full power. I cannot teleport, at least not yet. I do not hear my brothers and sisters. I was amazed that I could heal you. My grace… well, much of it is gone. I had to drive here. It was… well, it was terrifying."
"Okay… but this is the first and last time. It's creepy, man. You sound like that dude in that vampire book written by the Mormon nun, or whatever." Dean muttered.
Dean couldn't help it. He burst out laughing. Hearing this, Castiel did too. They laughed uproariously for a few minutes, until they were both crying.
He did the dishes that night and promised to cook dinner the next night. After hearing about how Cas had literally gone to Hell and back for him, he figured it was the least he could do.
Jo pushed a strand of blond hair out of her eyes and gave Dean a Cheshire cat grin. "Yes, you were. You were staring at him the way I stare at Dita Von Teese or Charlie after I've had a few too many. There's nothing wrong with it."
"Yes, there is a chance of that. It's more than a chance, you moron!" Balthazar said, literally slapping him upside the head.
"Little Joey Potter." Dean drawled, grinning at Jo. Growing up Jo had always gotten exceedingly angry about her television namesake.
"Speaking of… baggage. No, I don't mean that. Fuck that. It's family. How is your brother doing, Dean?" Jo said.
Dean and Jo made the same face across the table at each other. They'd heard this story so many times that it was no longer embarrassing.
Dean and Cas expected Gabriel to check in with them about his trip to Hell. He had appeared and disappeared so quickly, talked so large, that they half expected Sam and Adam to appear in their living room that same day. Dean knew they were idiots to believe in miracles, or at least idiots for expecting them to happen quickly. The day after Gabriel's visit, with no word for over 24 hours, Dean began to feel uneasy again.
"How do you sleep? How do you remain unconscious for several hours at a time by sheer force of will?" Cas asked.
"I know, Sammy. I'm just happy you're you again. I just worry about you. That's all. I love you and I'm damn happy you're my brother." Dean said.
"Dean, you know that's not what I meant. You are not poison. You are a brave man who just lost his brother in unimaginable circumstances. I can feel it coming off you in waves. You want to die, right? That's what I meant what I said they don't need to see you like this." Cas said.
Dean just let out a strangled cry and stomped out of the bar. He tripped on the way out and someone yelled "GOOD GOING, CASANOVA!" which was hilarious to him for some reason, because of Castiel's name and because of the entire situation. He plodded up the road, laughing and almost crying at the same time, trying to pretend Castiel wasn't behind him. About one block into the walk, Dean felt his insides turn over. He stopped at a telephone pole and bent over and threw up all of the whiskey and beer he'd drowned his sorrows in that night.
Dean felt a few tears spring to his eyes. He couldn't believe he hadn't hugged his mother in two years.
"They send me cards and money on birthdays and Christmas. If I'm in Boston, we'll get dinner, but otherwise, I don't see them." Castiel said, shaking his head. He poured himself another beer.
"All you wanted was Dean." She says. "Well, now you've got him." Suddenly she pops out of sight, leaving Castiel alone with the cruel copy of his Dean, the Dean that she says he loves.
"I don't want to be a doctor, at least not in the traditional sense. Doctors save people, but they don't find cures, they aren't at the forefront. That's where I need to be. I need to be at the front lines. I need to help people. There is so much we can do. So much I have to do." Dean said. He felt his voice rising and he knew he was getting carried away, so he shut up.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Beautifully. My parents wanted Anna to open her own law practice. She opened a restaurant instead.”
Cas sighs, twists out of Dean’s grip. “Dean, that’s enough.” His eyes dart around the room, toward the door—looking anywhere but at Dean. “I’m meant to be catching a flight in a few hours. I’ll call and cancel. You shouldn’t be left alone in this state.”
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but she cuts him off with a stern look. He ducks his head and mumbles a “Thank you, ma’am.” Before he leaves, he digs a crumpled $5 bill out of his pocket and tucks it into the tip jar.
The next day, Dean coughs awhile before getting out of bed. It’s always worse when he first wakes up, after all the nasty shit has had time to settle into his lungs overnight. After taking a hit from his inhaler, he makes it as far as the kitchen before he realizes he has no idea which box he packed the coffee maker in. Groggy, he gets dressed and fumbles his way downstairs and across the street to the coffee shop he remembers seeing there yesterday. It’s warm inside, and there are colourful Christmas lights and garlands strung up on the walls. It’s tacky, but in the homey sort of way Dean likes. He orders a black coffee and a blueberry muffin from the woman behind the counter.
Cas doesn’t answer, too busy banging around in Dean’s cupboards and drawers. Dean is too tired to question it, goes back to sit on the futon until Cas brings him a steaming bowl of chicken soup.
Sam presses on. “Dean, I’m worried about you. I know you’ve had a tough time coming to grips with what happened, but you have to—”
Dean doesn’t let up. He struggles upright, takes Cas’s arm in both hands and turns the forearm upward. The pinkish scar tissue is barely visible under the intricate design of Cas’s tattoo. Dean traces it by touch, a vertical line extending from the base of Cas’s hand to the rolled cuff of his sleeve halfway up his forearm.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. “I guess it is.” He takes a moment to inhale, slow and deep. Then: “Hey, would you mind grabbing another box? It’s about time I unpacked.”
“Shit, yeah, sorry.” Dean unlocks his own door. “Fell asleep with it on. Wait, you didn’t lock your front door?”
Cas answers the door, clutching a wrench in one hand and looking more irritated and unkempt than usual. He’s wearing a hoodie and scarf and his nose is red. “Oh,” he says, brightening up considerably. “Hello, Dean.”
“Hey, tell her thanks for the soup.” Dean’s only managed half the bowl, but his eyelids are starting to feel heavy again.
“But,” Dean says haltingly, still trying to piece it all together in his foggy head. Just staying conscious is taking up most of his mental energy. “I didn’t know it was that bad.”
When he wakes up, the light coming in through the window above the sink is twilight-grey. He sits up, coughs hard into a tissue and throws it away without looking. Brushes his teeth and downs a couple of swigs of beer to dull the lingering coppery taste in his mouth. Despite having slept, the figure in the bathroom mirror looks pale and haggard, the eyes sunken in. Dean splashes some water on his face, uses his wet hand to attempt to flatten his hair.
“Oh,” Castiel says shortly. He holds the door for Dean, which gets complicated with all the dogs at his feet crowding the doorway. “So that was your music last night.”
Cas releases Dean’s shoulder, puts the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead. He frowns and cocks his head. “You have a fever.” In the darkness, the shop seems smaller than it is, and the quiet rumble of Cas’s voice only serves to intensify the feeling. It makes it hard to think. Dean shivers, and Cas’s frown deepens. “The antibiotics should have started working by now.”
They head inside in silence. When Dean sees the out-of-order sign still hanging on the elevator, he mutters “Fuck,” under his breath.
Dean doesn’t second-guess himself until they step through the door to his apartment and Cas visibly takes stock of the bare walls, the unmade bed, the cardboard boxes still piled up around the room. In contrast to the cleanliness and organization of Cas’s place, Dean suddenly feels incompetent and embarrassed. But it’s warm inside, and Cas doesn’t comment.
“I dunno.” It sounds so stupid when Sam says it like that. So simple. He’d gone to the doctor. He’d thought that would be enough. Somewhere along the way, Dean stopped being able to keep track. “I dunno,” he repeats, dumbly. “It’s been… Since.” He swallows past the vise on his throat, can’t get the rest of the words out.
Dean looks up. Backlit by the kitchen window, Cas is surrounded in a halo of light. His nose is red from the cold and his hair is a mess. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen something so beautiful in his life.
She pours the coffee into a paper to-go cup and looks at him over. “Saw you hauling boxes out there yesterday. You’re new here?”
In the low light, Cas’s eyebrows draw together in birdlike confusion. “Dean, we haven’t spoken since yesterday.”
The first box he opens is full of books, which he doesn’t have a shelf for yet. He shifts the books aside and unearths a stack of photographs from underneath. The top one is of him, Dad and Sam in front of the car, all smiling. Dean shivers, nausea creeping back in.
“Dean,” Cas breathes. In the low light and quiet of the hospital room, it sounds like a benediction.
Sam huffs a dry laugh and shakes his head. “Unfuckingbelievable. You really think you could get away with almost dying and I wouldn’t come see you?”
Dean looks at his skinned knuckles. The hand is starting to swell. He flexes it slowly, hisses at the pain. Nothing broken though. “Yeah,” he says. “Fine.”
Eventually, he wakes up long enough to piss and brush his teeth. When he makes it back to bed, his phone is ringing. Sam.
He finds the Tylenol, pops three without water, and shuts the cabinet. Catches a glimpse of his own pale, guilty face looking back at him in the mirror before he turns out the light.
Dean takes a little bow and the resulting head rush sends him tipping off balance. When he rights himself, Cas is frowning.
A pharmacy is conveniently located next door, so he fills the prescriptions there. He checks his phone while he’s waiting to pick up his meds and finds a missed call and a text from Cas.
Dean coughs, blinks sleep out of his eyes and rubs at a crick in his neck. He’s got to stop falling asleep sitting up. He throws a flannel shirt on over his tee, heads across the alcove to Cas’s door and knocks, careful to use his left hand—his right is mostly healed, but still bruised and a little tender.
“Hey, be careful on the highway,” Dean says to Sam. “I’ve heard they ticket dangerously slow drivers these days.”
Dean tests the valve at the bottom of the radiator. The handle spins uselessly, clearly busted. “Huh. I think it needs a new valve.”
It doesn’t last long before Dean has to pull away reluctantly or risk becoming dangerously out of breath.
That’s when he feels it, under his thumb. Over the warm steady rhythm of Cas’s pulse, a raised ridge of scar tissue. His grip on Cas’s wrist tightens reflexively.
But Dean can’t stop now. His fight-or-flight instincts are kicking in, the same instinct that four years ago had shouted at Sam to
“It’s all right,” Cas says, offering a sad little smile. “She remains quite successful. She’s published several bestselling recipe books.”
He wonders how far up the tattoos go, imagines them wrapping around strong shoulders and across a broad back, meeting in the smooth divot between shoulder blades. For a minute, Dean gets lost thinking about what it would be like to trace the patterns with his hands, warm against the soft expanse of Cas’s skin.
Dean breathes hard, winded. Cas is suspended above him, holding himself up on his palms, flat in the snow on either side of Dean’s head. The vapour from their breath forms a single cloud in the narrow space between them. There are snowflakes in Cas’s dark eyelashes. Cas parts his lips and Dean tips his head up, fighting to suppress a cough.
“Shit,” Dean says, casting around for the time before remembering he doesn’t have a clock anymore. Or if he does, it’s buried in a box somewhere. “Sorry. Fell asleep.”
The only elevator in the building is out of order and Dean’s place is on the fourth floor, so he wedges the box under his arm and slogs up eight flights of stairs for what feels like the hundredth time today. He’s out of breath by the time he gets to the top, sweating from the climb but still chilled by the December air outside. He pushes through the door to his apartment, sets the box down and coughs into his elbow. Digs out his inhaler and takes a drag. Holds it in for ten seconds and then lets his breath out. Clears his throat a few times.
When he can’t stand languishing in his cramped apartment a second longer, Dean bundles up in warm clothes and heads downstairs to the coffee shop. Walking down the stairs leaves him dizzy and breathless, which he chalks up to sitting around on his ass and not eating enough.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Kid’s a genius. Just got accepted to Stanford Law on a full ride at twenty-two.” Even when he insists on playing the pissy little brother for weeks at a time, Dean can’t help but brag about Sam. Hell, he practically raised the kid. He’s earned bragging rights.
After he checks in with the receptionist, Dean waits in a hard plastic chair in the intake area until the nurse calls his name. She takes his temperature and informs him he’s running a fever. Then he dozes in the examination room until the doctor comes in.
Cas’s hand is warm, and surprisingly soft, and Dean hangs on a second too long while he rides out the head rush that comes from standing too quickly. Then he looks around the room again. “No dogs?”
Cas frowns. Wordlessly, he goes back behind the counter again. When he returns, he’s carrying a steaming mug of coffee, which he sets on the table in front of Dean.
They do, stopping for breath at every landing. Cas lets Dean walk mostly unsupported but stays close enough to catch him if he stumbles. By the time they reach the top, Dean is trembling with exhaustion. He’s still breathing though. “All right,” he gripes, winded. “Either someone fixes that elevator or I die up here because I am
“Thanks.” Dean holds the ice to his knuckles. The cold soothes his stinging hand, but chills the rest of him. He starts shivering again almost immediately.
, like some maiden in a fucking Victorian novel. They said if Cas hadn’t found you—” He breaks off and blinks rapidly, swallowing visibly several times.
Sam smiles wide, then visibly reigns in his excitement. “Yeah,” he says eagerly. “Anytime, Dean.” He turns to Cas. “Take care of him, all right?”
“Are you done?” Dean is too hot and too cold at the same time, but he feels energized for the first time in days. “Listen, I don’t know where you get off with this psychoanalysis bullshit, but it seems to me like you might be projecting. Just ‘cause you’re clinically off your rocker doesn’t mean I am, pal.”
He goes next door again, knocks and waits. He shivers in his thin hoodie, shuts his eyes against the bright fluorescents washing out the hallway. Then he’s struck by a sudden epiphany: it’s the weekend. Cas isn’t home. He’s down at Ellen’s.
Dean opens his eyes. Cas’s face is hovering above him, pinched and birdlike. He’s got Dean by the shoulders and he’s shaking him. Again.
Then he hugs Dean, folds him up in his giant arms—and Christ, it’s still hard to believe his kid brother is this tall—and hangs on just this side of too tight and too long.
Cas brushes past him without invitation. He sets the pot on the kitchen counter and starts pulling things out of the bag—cough syrup, lozenges, another bottle of THC oil. The distinct scent of broth wafts through the small space.
“Uh.” Dean contemplates telling the guy to fuck off. For whatever reason, his idiot mouth keeps talking instead. “Our house burned down when I was a kid. Mom didn’t make it out in time. And, uh, my dad was in a car wreck a couple months back.”
Or maybe he’s underwater because the sound is muffled but also he’s—drowning. He can’t breathe. Can’t breathe.
Dean takes the wrench and Cas steps aside to let him in. The layout of Cas’s apartment is the mirror image of his own, but the contents couldn’t be more different. Coming from such a strange guy, he’d expected a mess, but Cas’s décor is refined and minimalistic. Most of the hardwood floor is covered with a thick, soft rug. Aside from a simple pine bedframe, table, and sectional sofa, the only pieces of furniture are the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves lining every wall.
Dean reaches out until his fingers feel the flesh along Cas’ jaw. He softly caresses his lover’s cheek and the back of his neck. Then he leans in until his lips almost meet Cas’ mouth. “Would you like for me to kiss you?” Cas’ breath catches as Dean’s hot breath falls on his lips.
Gabriel had offered to let Castiel stay with them while he tries to get back on his feet. Castiel graciously accepted the offer. Apparently Pamela had been reluctant about the situation, but Gabriel along with Paige and Danielle had convinced her it was the right thing to do.
Jo actually looked a little disgusted. "Okay, I do not want to know what you are talking about. But come on, Dean, doesn't he look hot? Don't make dear, sweet Cas face the party alone without a Rocky by his side."
Cas pulled him in close and rested his head against Dean's forehead. He breathed deeply, as if he were breathing Dean in, trying to capture his essence. He leaned in and kissed him deeply before saying anything.
"Of course I didn't know, Dean!" He snapped, obviously offended by the insinuation. "I have been privy to as much information as you have been these last months. There is a specific spell for high ranking demons such as Crowley. I used it to summon Alastair."
Dean sat down on the couch and they spent the next half hour working without much distraction. He glanced at Castiel, who was hunched over papers, glasses falling down his nose. He watched as Castiel actually grimaced at an answer on the test, and scribbled something in red pen.
Dean returned to his biology problems, mostly because all he was thinking about now was Castiel's mouth, the way his hipbones seemed to poke out of his cords and the way he was sure Castiel was flexible and how much fun that could be in bed. He couldn't focus though, because all of the blood in his brain seemed to have moved down to his crotch and
Dean thought about saying something sarcastic, but decided against it. Sam was willing to forgive his father, but he always had been. Sam was in many ways the stronger one, despite being damaged beyond belief by his father's absence and his father's genes, since they'd found a relative on their father's side that had it. Sam knew now where his chemical imbalance came from and he forgave John Winchester for that too. Dean would never forgive his father. That was one demon he wasn't willing to exorcise.
"Come into the kitchen, ladies and Castiel. I made hors d'oeuvres and there is some delicious wine that is far too expensive to share with the teeming masses that will be arriving in the next couple of hours." Gabe said.
"As you boys know, you threw quite a wrench into Heaven and Hell's plans when you sent Lucifer and Michael's vessels tumbling into the cage." Balthazar said. "Tch, tch, bad Winchesters!"
Jo just continued grinning. Always cool under pressure when it came to her mother's veiled, yet good natured, homophobia.
While Halloween was Castiel's favorite holiday, New Year's Eve was Dean's. Not because it was an excuse to get fucked up and kiss anyone you wanted at midnight, but because it was a fresh start. He knew it was hokey, but Dean was more sentimental than he'd ever let anyone see.
"Hey sleepyhead." He murmured. He leaned over and planted a small kiss on his cheek and then his ear.
. Dean shook his head violently and scribbled on the receipt. He stumbled out of the bar, stomach churning, vision blackening. Of course, immediately he ran into someone.
Dean nodded slowly. He knew angels could see the future, bend time and that the future was theirs for the taking, but was that really possible? He and Cas together until their twilight years? Dean could make a relationship last that long? Cas would stay human for that long? An even better question, would the two of them really live that long?
Dean hung up the phone and started walking. It occurred to him that he hadn't left the hotel in days. He hadn't really eaten, slept, had (admittedly) not showered too many times, and he probably reeked of whiskey and Axe body spray. He felt a sudden urge to need to get away as possible from the cramped, depressing place that had been his home for the last week . He decided to find a bar, since his bottle had broken when Cas had nearly choked him to death.
"It was supposed to be a surprise." Castiel grumbles. "I was going to surprise you with breakfast, then tell you I'd paid for a plane ticket for Sam to come visit for a week."
"Yes, she said to give you a hug because you were such a 'sweet boy.' I agree with her too. You're sweet and I'm a huge ass. Okay?" Dean murmured.
The next day, a beautiful and merciful Friday, Dean decided it was finally time to get his small, but beloved circle of friends to hang out outside of lunch. Over a series of text messages, Dean set up dinner and drinks with Cas, Jo, and Charlie. A part of Dean wanted to announce that he and Castiel were 'a thing' now, but he hadn't had the other man's approval, so he did it under the guise of the end of midterms.
"So he knows that I am schizophrenic and that I'm routinely hospitalized and that I see demons when they taper down my antipsychotics too much?"
Dean just laughed and reached down and kissed him on the tip of his nose. "Fine. You win." He murmured.
"Jo is fine. She is actually the one who got me to come over to your apartment. Jo loves you and so does Charlie. They're your friends, Cas. I care about you. That's why I'm here. I can't lose you, I just found you." Dean said, nuzzle
"If you write ad copy, you're going to need to know AP Style and how to write proper headlines." Castiel said blankly, as if this was common knowledge, watching as Eliot Stabler punched a suspect.
They walk up a flight of stairs and walk down an unremarkable hallway and Castiel unlocks the door to his apartment. Once inside, Dean recognizes it as having the same basic set up as Jo's apartment: four walls, a narrow kitchen, a small living room and a bedroom the size of a refrigerator box. Dean walks in and observes the walls, which are covered with horror movie posters and a series of large paintings that are awash in varying colors of dark green and crimson. Castiel has a respectable leather couch and an even more respectable sound system, and a TV that looks like it has been around since the 80s.
"That's the fourth time you've smiled in the last two days. Before the last two days, you hadn't smiled since a week before we took on Lucifer." Cas muttered, utterly transfixed by the dead drug dealers and the mountain of cocaine on the screen.
"We can stay for a few days longer if you'd like Dean to be around during the beginning of this process." Castiel said, volunteering them for something Dean wasn't sure he wanted to do.
It's No Scrubs. Jo's ringtone. She's currently 175 miles away, living in Portland with Anna, but she still manages to cock block him at every opportunity. Dean groans and lifts himself off Cas, pulling the phone from his pocket.
He stared at Castiel. He looked around and realized that he was in a hotel room that he had never seen before. He was lying on a bed and Cas was standing above him.
The two of them stood there for a minute. "Thanks for coming home." Sam said finally. "It means a lot. To me and to mom."
his guardian angel, his rebel angel, his new partner in crime, and his friend. He was the guy whose mouth was literally centimeters from his and he was the guy who Dean wanted to kiss so badly that he was shaking.
Castiel grabbed his trench coat and stalked out, not looking back once. Dean watched him go. He knew that if he went after him, there was a good chance he'd kill him for what he said about Sam and for shoving Jo. He didn't help Jo though. He just sat there, numb, the world a blur in front of him.
"I was younger, of course. I was 12 the first time… after…" Castiel shook his head. "I was in and out of state-mandated therapy for awhile, and then a couple of years ago, while I was getting my master's, well, let's just say I had a bad period. I was in and out a few times that year. That's when I saw people like Sam."
Over the next 20 minutes, Cas regaled Dean with the delightful tale of his trip into Hell and what it took to get him out. He spared no details, not prettying it up for Dean at all. Dean wasn't sure if he appreciated that or not. The way Cas told the story, it had taken him 5 years to find Dean, which meant around two weeks in earth time. Cas went through several layers of Hell to find Dean, where he witnessed awful torture and felt Demons nipping at his grace the entire time. The torture Cas described made Dean feel sick, mostly because they reminded of him of the tortures he had inflicted upon others. Around the 12 minute mark, Dean was near tears and was about to tell Cas to stop.
They checked out of the hotel around 10am, glad to put Stull, Kansas in the Impala's rearview. Dean would always remember it as the town where he had lost Sam. He felt slightly sick as they left town, feeling like he was leaving Sam and Bobby behind. He put on Black Sabbath, blasted it as loud as he could. There was so much he didn't know. He didn't know where they were going. He didn't know if he'd ever get Sam back. He didn't know where Bobby was. He didn't know what faced them. He was damn glad to be getting out of Kansas though.
Dean softened. "You're not strange. You just have this way about you, this wide-eyed, intense look, and when you talk, it's nothing like that. You shouldn't feel uncomfortable around me. We're friends, right?"
He made it abundantly clear that they needed two beds and the bored clerk just stared at him when he emphasized this.
"I know, I know… it'd be foolish. But this is a clue, Dean. Someone took over. Things are moving. That must mean… well, I wonder if Heaven has a new boss yet, now that Michael is gone." Cas said.
Dean felt himself go cold. He knew what Castiel had studied in graduate school. He and Castiel had extensively discussed Castiel's research and his dissertation. It had destroyed him mentally and was one of the reasons he'd been hospitalized while pursuing his master's degree. It was the reason he was teaching instead of furthering his education or trying to find research or counseling positions.
His eyes narrow suspiciously, as he turns the water off and grabs his towel. He quickly wraps it around his waist and grabs his gun from the back of the toilet and slowly opens the bathroom door. He peeks out, not seeing anything.
“I know, Bobby. I’m not mad at you. I’m pissed at HIM. I convinced myself that he’d just stay away, you know?” He takes a seat across from Bobby. “I wanted so bad to believe we could just leave him in the past. I mean, what could he possibly want after all this time? What did he really think? That we’d just welcome him with open arms and forget that he fucking ABANDONED us in that goddamn motel room?!”
The light brown leather bound journal lay open on the bathroom counter beside the sink next to him. “I’m…...bisexual, and there’s nothing wrong with that. I’m my own person and don’t owe anyone an explanation for who I am. I’m not defined by other people’s opinion of me. Some people aren’t going to love or accept me, but that doesn’t mean I am unworthy of love and acceptance.”
“But it’s obvious he feels the same about you.” Sam sighs and softens his tone. “Especially in our line of work, and in our family….Dean, please. Tell him how you feel. You deserve love and to be happy if you get the chance.
“Eileen said something earlier and it got me thinking. I’ve come to realize a lot of things I’d never considered before. About us. About how we grew up.”
Now that he thinks about it, he can’t remember a time without Dean making sure he ate, took a bath, nagged him about finishing his homework- all things that shouldn’t have been his responsibility. All the things that parents do for their kids. He shakes his head and is instantly pissed at their ‘father’ for putting all those expectations on Dean. It wasn’t fair. Sam comes to the conclusion that Dean himself probably doesn’t even remember a time before he was basically his sole caretaker.
“I know, Sam. It’s okay, he’s gone now.’ Dean told him, scratching lightly between his shoulder blades. But Dean DIDN'T know. He COULDN'T, because Sam had never told him- never told anyone, actually. Not the whole truth, anyway. Sure Dean knew the basics- the reasons that matched his own for being mad at and scared of their father. But there was something far more sinister in Sam's past. A missing piece that Sam would rather his brother never know about. He knew if Dean ever did find out, he'd only blame himself and Sam couldn't do that to him. It wouldn't be fair. It wasn't Dean's fault and even if he wanted to, he couldn't have protected him.
Sam sat and cried and hoped that Bobby wouldn’t do that. That he actually loved them and wouldn’t abandon them like their father had. He tried to believe it and managed to calm himself down before he heard yelling downstairs. His father’s voice was unmistakable. His eyes shut tight from muscle memory and he covered his ears as the sobs escaped his throat. ‘Oh god, not again.’ Though he’d been little and doesn’t have very many clear, full memories from before coming to live with Bobby, Sam still knows one thing to be true- John Winchester yelling leads to nothing good. By the time he gets to yelling, he’s about to get violent.
“Eileen.” he answers simply. “He wants to leave and try again for a ‘normal’ life. Get out of hunting so she’ll be safe.” he adds.
Not knowing anything else to do, Sam starts gathering ingredients and a large bowl, carrying them all to the library.
Before he can open his eyes, Dean hears two voices he doesn’t recognize. His eyes open slowly and he sees a man in a suit and an older doctor talking just inside the door to his room. “What’s going on?” he asks. He looks over and the chair Sam had been sitting in before is empty. “Where’s my brother?!” he sits up and feels the burn in his shoulder.
Castiel is standing beside the driver’s side door to the impala. His hands are full, holding two drink cups and a brown paper fast food bag. He smiles, as he sees Dean notice him. “Hey stranger.”
“Another documentary was on earlier, but then some dumb reality crap came on so I changed it.” Sam answers. Apparently he’s found something on Animal Planet, so Dean doesn’t bother him. He tries to relax, just enjoying the comfort of being away from their dad and knowing that they have a roof over their head for now.
In his room with his music on purposely without his headphones plugged in, sitting on his bed. After several minutes, he sighs and rolls his eyes. “Cas, can you come here, please.” he says out loud.
“So what about you? What’s the occasion?” Dean asks Benny. “I haven’t seen you months and now you wanna meet up all the sudden. So what’s up?”
“Is this how you want my fat Alpha knot filling your tight fucking hole?” Cas growls, eyes red and hands desperately clinging to the Omega’s hips. He rubs his cock across Dean’s entrance back and forth, teasingly.
Castiel’s eyes shift slowly as he thinks it over. “Yup. It’s all loaded up. Hey thanks for helping, Gabe.” Castiel smiles and puts his arms out for a hug.
“Oh, yeah that’s fine. Um, actually I’m driving right now, can I call you back in about 30 minutes when I get home?”
Chapter Warnings: child neglect, willful child endangerment, mildly graphic violence, threats of implied murder, panic attack.
“Hey, so I’m about to head back. You wanna come inside and have a beer before I go?” Sam asks his brother.
“Good to know.” Cas says. “Anyone else I should know about or is it just the four of us in the LGBTQ+ community here?”
“Baby, please don’t be mad at me.” Cas pleads. He gently pulls Dean’s hips back to him. Tilting Dean’s face up to look at him.
The sound of keys jingling just outside the door makes Dean jump. He leans in close to Sam’s ear. “NOT A WORD!” he says before running to the bathroom, locking the door and starting the shower.
Bobby was sitting in his desk chair, nothing unusual about that in itself, however the chair had been pulled over to just a few feet away from the front door. He was drinking a glass of what Sam assumed was liquor, based on it’s amber color. And in his other hand was his shotgun, aimed right at the door. His face looked determined and his eyes cold.
Cas takes his usual spot, sitting on the large rock on the right side of the creek, taking his shoes and socks off to dip his feet in the water. And Dean takes his newer spot of sitting next to him.
She has a skeptical look as she glances at Dean ,then Castiel. “Okay, cool. Let me see.” she says, sitting back down in her chair slowly.
Dean gulps and looks down at the floor. “Raphael and I- we used to be an item. I couldn’t bear the thought of him seeing me tonight without a date.”
Dean chuckles. “Don’t worry, I’m not dragging you out here to kill you. I promise I’m not an axe murderer.”
him,” Dean rephrases, winking at Cas then smugly enjoying the flush that creeps up the other man’s face.
Castiel just nods, eyeing him somewhat suspiciously. Dean thinks it looks like he’s trying to figure him out.
Castiel and his brother Gabriel carry the last of the packed boxes into the moving van, before sitting down on the sidewalk to rest for a minute.
The Empty stands and then closes the space between it and Dean. “It’s simple. Me and the Angel had a deal and  I got summoned to earth. And well, you already know the rest. Besides…. humans don’t belong in Purgatory either, but you’ve been
Sam looks up at his dad and feels like a failure. He knows he hurt both him and Dean and feels like the worst person ever.
Cas jerks his fingers out, unable to hold back any longer and pulls Dean’s ass down against his face. Dean gasps and moans as his Alpha licks into him and drinks down his slick. “Oh God, Alpha. Fuck.” Dean whimpers.
"Well, I do!" Dean says. He jumps up and comes around the table hugging Bobby tight. "Thanks Dad." He says, voice breaking. He shuts his eyes as the tears start to fall.
Jack nods as he finishes his bite. He uses the back of his hand to wipe the milk dribbling down his chin. “Because Dean chose you.”
He hears a knock. Grabbing his wallet, Castiel makes his way to answer the door. Opening the door, he sees the moving truck pulling in next to the delivery driver’s car. He greets and pays the driver, then sets his food down beside the door.
They pull up and park along the road beside the beach entrance. Dean grabs the towels from earlier and he follows Castiel down the walkway. Of course, there’s no one else in sight- as expected. They each take their shoes off and walk across the grainy, still warm sand closer to the water. Once Castiel stops, Dean lays out both towels and they sit, side by side facing the soon to be setting sun.
“I guess I should go get ready.” Castiel says licking his lips as he glances at Dean then heads back down the hallway.
“Okay.” Jack follows Sam and gets in the passenger side. Losing count of how many times he’s called Cas’ phone as the miles pass, he can’t allow himself to give up hope.
“You too.” Castiel agrees, shutting the door. Feeling hopeful about their new prospective friendship, he grabs his shower stuff and heads to the bathroom.
Dean’s being driven wild by Cas’ moans against his neck and the fact that he can feel a bruise already forming where his mouth is on him.
He looks up and sees that Sam is making a turkey sandwich. “How responsible of you, Sammy.” Dean chuckles.
“Lead the way.” Dean follows close behind as Castiel walks down the hall, then into the 2nd door on the left.
Castiel scoffs quietly. “Apparently not.” he says under his breath and Dean chokes on the sip he was taking of his champagne.
By the last sentence, tears are flowing. He hears his father’s voice in his head and sees the look on his face. He forces himself to take another deep breath and re-focus on his own face in the mirror.
Dean gulps and time returns to normal as Castiel stops right in front of his face. Now standing with his back against the wall, the Omega trembles thinking of what might happen next. Castiel puts his hands on the wall on either side of where Dean is standing.
There’s no one behind the counter. Dean looks at Cas and nods toward the back of the store. They stop in the corner beside the drink coolers. “What’s the plan?” Cas questions, in a hushed tone.
Castiel smiles at him, biting his lip. “Okay.” he says, before opening his notebook again. He glances up once more at Dean before he starts writing again.
Castiel chuckles. “You didn’t ruin my life, Dean. In a way, you saved it- or, saved me from myself.”
He turns the corner smiling politely as he passes a large group of people, looking to spot his brother. Realizing he’s about to collide with someone, he steps to the side only for the man to move toward him again. His brow furrows and straight ahead of him is a slightly older man he doesn’t recognize. The man is absolutely stunning. 6 feet tall, blonde, plush lips, and the most beautiful eyes Castiel has ever seen. Bright emerald with hints of gold flecks. And he’s smiling right at him.
Dean pats his friend on the back and looks away again. “Good. That’s great. I’m happy for you man.” he tells him. He can’t help but feel disappointed since Benny is the last one of his friends or family that is-or well, WAS unmated besides himself. It just kind of made him feel on his own now. It wasn’t that he was jealous of having a partner, it was more he had never known if mating was for him and he didn’t want to be the only one just enjoying single life.
Cas searches Dean’s face but doesn’t respond, as he dares to hope the man he loves could really be saying what it sounds like he might be. “Know what?” Cas asks, searching for the answer in Dean’s eyes.
“Whatever. I’m so glad you’re here! Here, have a drink. It’s SO good, Sam. You gotta try it. Michael brought it.”
“That is correct. You have to be stopped. The deception, the lies, and manipulation. You are the embodiment of
Dean nods. “Yeah, okay. That sounds...that sounds good. Smart.” he smiles. “Can I..give you my number? No pressure and no rush or anything. Just in case...for later.”
‘What are you doing?’ he asks himself as he approaches the driver’s side of the car. He shuts his eyes and tries to ignore the voice. He stands a few feet away from the open door and hears himself speak. “Castiel?” ‘god, are you nuts?’ he hears the voice ask.
More people start to disappear and panic spreads. The children cry and the adults’ eyes go wide with fear as one by one, they simply blink out of existence.
Quickly pulling a few items out, he dresses and looks down at himself. “Do I look alright?” Cas asks.
“Sam!” He starts after him, but his damn pride stops him after a single step forward. “Goddammit.” he mutters to himself, hearing Sam head up the stairs then slamming the bunker door. He walks back to the stove and decides he’s not hungry anymore. He grabs the skillet, slinging it across the room with a shout of frustration. “Ahhh!”
“What the hell did you just say to me, boy?!” John yells, stomping over to his older son and pulling the collar of his shirt.
“Cas, I think you’re reading too much into it. Maybe you were a little awkward with Reily, but she’s a baby and it’s not like you’re used to each other yet. I’m sure it’ll get easier. I’ve never been around kids much either, but I guess it’s different when it’s a kid that you’re close to, ya know?”
“Go take your medicine.” His dad barks, before turning to face him again. “And you’re grounded. No library, no walks, no going for a run.” he says, pointing a finger at Sam.
“Nothing happened. Walter told me to go with him. Said he’d already warned Sam and Jack that it may be too late to bring you back.”
“Okay, guess I’ll do that. So is anyone else gonna actually get in the water? I’d hate to be the only one.” Dean asks with a little more confidence now that he seems to have gained their acceptance- well, mostly anyway. He sheds his white tank top, tossing it behind him before stepping out of his sandals. Down to only his orange, blue and white tie dye swimming trunks, he feels a little self conscious. He doesn't exactly have a six pack or anything.
Starting to panic, Dean struggles to get out of the man’s grasp. Realizing after several seconds that isn’t working, he kicks the man in the groin. He takes off, leaving the man holding his bag and runs as fast as he can back to the motel room.
Jack closes his eyes, seems to be concentrating when a whoosh passes through the air. Suddenly, Jack opens his eyes and looks around and sees people start to appear, just as they were. Completely unaware of any interruption to their lives. People reappear sitting outside at the diner to their left, cars start passing them to their right, people are walking along the sidewalks, and the sound of children’s laughter echoes from the park a few blocks away. The nature sounds are back as well, adding to the feeling of the return to normal. Dean never thought he’d be so glad to hear birds cawing and calling, bees buzzing around flowers and the sound of dogs barking in the distance.
“So any particular reason you picked here? I mean, does this place mean somethin’ to ya or anything?” Dean asks Bobby.
“You like that, baby?” Dean asks. Not waiting for an answer, he sucks Cas’ left nipple again, reaching down and strokes his cock through his jeans.
All the fights he had gotten into with their dad, fighting against the ‘when I say jump, you say how high’ attitude he had with them, he had never understood why Dean always just went along with it. Never questioned, just took their dad’s word and ‘orders’ as gospel. He now sees that Dean never had another option. He was the older child and especially with all the weight of unfair expectations put on him to raise a child only a few years younger than himself, it had become all he knew.
Cas looks at Dean expectantly, before speaking. “I apologize if showing up uninvited is unmannerly.”
The food guy leaves and Castiel stands outside the door watching the movers get ready to start unloading. He’s never used a moving service before, so he feels awkward watching as strangers do all the work. He sits in the grass next to the driveway, glad for the fresh breeze. His mind stills and before long it’s as if he isn’t attached to his body anymore. He doesn’t feel the breeze on his skin, or the grass against his palms or the sun warming him. He just watches the clouds passing slowly across the sky.
Cas repeats the now familiar motions with his wrist, on Dean’s impressive length. His wrist matches the rhythm and speed of his hips as he continues to thrust. Dean leans up as best he can, meeting his Angel’s lips. His tongue eagerly tastes him again, as all the other sensations continue. He moans as everything starts to overwhelm his senses.
Soon after the move, Bobby announced he was buying not only Dean, but Dean AND Sam both a car of their own. Sam was so excited, he couldn’t believe it! He’d only JUST had his 15th birthday and gotten his permit. They each got to pick out their own car but once they got back home with them, at least for Sam, the excitement faded.
Cas leans over and rests his head on Dean’s shoulder for a moment. He sighs and smiles. “Has anyone ever told you you’re wonderful?”
“I wanna get the Mesquite wood grilled salmon. And for my sides I want the steamed broccoli and green beans.”
Strangely relieved at someone to open up to, Dean finds his words spilling out. “I never thought he could feel the same way about me, you know? I mean, one, he’s an Angel, or well,
have some stipulations, if we are to come to an agreement. The natural order certainly needs to be reinstated. There has been
‘Why did I even get mad? He was just trying to tell me how he feels. He was worried about me. And what did I do? Got upset and made him feel guilty for wanting me to be safe.’ She rolls her eyes at herself. “UGH!” she groans, tossing her phone onto her bed.
He looks up at his friend and Benny discreetly pulls his shirt collar aside just enough to show the healing scar on his shoulder. It’s the mark an Alpha makes when they mate an Omega.
‘Why are you starting? Are you TRYING to freak him out? He’s a bartender, flirting means bigger tips, dumbass. You can’t SERIOUSLY think he would ever really be into you, right?’
Chapter Warnings: genital mention, underage sexual fantasy (being underage isn't part of the fantasy, but the person included in it is underage), graphic masturbation, graphic ejaculation.
“I’m sorry, babe. I’m not trying to make you feel bad. I just...I want you to meet her.” Dean presses a couple kisses to Cas’ neck.
“What? Why would I laugh?” he reaches out and covers Dean’s hand with his own. “Promise I won’t laugh.”
He seems completely unfazed by the sight before him, as though it’s a common occurrence, “Hey guys.”
Closing the bedroom door behind them, Dean slips his shoes off, removes his jeans and climbs under the covers.
“Hell yeah!” Dean answers before he can stop himself. He clears his throat and tries again. “I mean, yeah I’d definitely be interested.”
“Oh, uh…” Dean glances around the car. ‘Glovebox!’ He reaches over and opens it and sees a few pens inside. ‘Thank you dad, for wanting me to be prepared.’ ‘Shit!’ “I, uh..I don’t have anything to write on though.”
Castiel has a look of complete shock, as his heart races. The look on the older guy’s face flashes through his mind and it knocks him back to reality. He moves his hand and Dean lets go. “I think your boyfriend was upset. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to..”
After what feels like an eternity of silence, Dean and Cas unintentionally lock eyes. Dean feels himself bite his lip, and hopes Cas doesn’t notice. “Dean, I am not the same being that I was before. I’ve changed. I am no longer like other angels. They do not understand me. There are things I have learned that cannot be undone.
“Tuck her into the crook of your arm. Support her head, and secure your other arm on the other side.” Sam advises, now standing beside him.
He watches silently as Dean repeats almost the same motion from earlier. Removing his pants and underwear in one swift motion, standing before him now completely bare. He was in sheer awe.
“He’s not here. He went out a few nights ago and hasn’t come back yet. I wouldn’t have called, but...we’re out of food and he didn't leave us any money.”
Cas chuckles a little. “It’s different. You’re having an automatic biological response to Alpha ‘seed’. Your body is preparing you for being claimed, mated- and for....becoming a parent.”
“YOU DON’T DEFINE ME! YOU DON’T GET TO DECIDE WHO I AM! I DESERVE LOVE AND ACCEPTANCE!” he screams at memory of his father, falling to his knees as his heart races.
Tears start pouring down Eileen’s face. “They’re so beautiful. Thank you so much, Castiel!” she reaches her arms out and Castiel leans forward and hugs her.
“Yeah, sure. And why would we trust you? Writers lie,” Sam replies, not believing Chuck for a second.
Dean is lying underneath Baby. Sweat pouring through his white t-shirt, his hands and clothes stained with grease as he finishes his task and slides out from under. He uses a mostly- clean rag to wipe the sweat from his eyes and stands up. Hearing the front door, he turns to see Sam walking towards him.
“I’m sure it probably seems like I’ve been ungrateful and even annoyed that you’ve always looked out for me. Dean...I’m so sorry. I’ve been so selfish.” his voice breaks.
“I see.” Bobby says, looking away. “So, your quittin’, right? I’m sure you’re not gonna want to make that drive 5 days a week.”
Dean sighs. “I don’t really….I guess I don’t know how to bring it up. And I’m kinda scared of how they’ll react. I mean, I know things are getting more ‘progressive’ about that kind of thing, but…” he shrugs, letting his words trail off.
“Did...did I do something wrong?” Cas lifts his head, looking down at Dean. His head resting on his thigh, he tries to speak again. “No, but I felt...something. Did you do something?”
Dean doesn’t know quite what to do but he knows he has to try something. Leaning down beside Cas’ ear, he whispers. “Cas, it’s me. C’mon, we got a way out. We’re going home, you just...you gotta wake up, man.”
‘god, has he always been this adorable?’ Dean thinks. He licks his lips, and sighs. “Kiss me?”he asks, biting his lip, seductively.
‘0 job matches were found in the search criteria you have entered’- his screen reads. He groans, in frustration. ‘I knew this place wasn’t exactly a booming metropolis, but how the hell can there be no local jobs available?’ He sighs deeply, closing his laptop and setting it on the box he’s been using as a table.
“I didn’t think there’d be any places like this out here. Everything seems so busy and full of people.”
“Can I come too, Dean?” Jack asks excitedly, jumping up from the table. His wavy dirty-blonde hair bouncing. It’s obvious he wants to spend more time with both his dads. His wide eyed grin makes a tinge of guilt tug at Dean’s heart. But still, Dean needs some privacy with Cas this time.
“How many times do I have to tell you that I need you?” Dean presses their foreheads together. “Cas, every time I’ve had to grieve you, to try to live without you...” he says, taking Cas’ hand in his, “each time, it destroyed me more and more. It felt like a part of me was missing- like I died right along with you.”
School lets out for summer and Dean can’t help but continue to be on high alert. So far there hasn’t been any more signs of John. Dean had convinced himself he’d never see the bastard again, only to find out that for some reason after 8 years of no contact the man up and decided his kids would be willing to just ‘forgive and forget’. Ever since John showed up at Bobby’s house a few months ago, Sam’s nightmares and panic attacks have started up again. He’s even had to go back on medication. Poor kid is embarrassed because sometimes the nightmares get so bad, he ends up wetting the bed. Of course, Dean and Bobby never speak about it, they just help Sam get cleaned up and change his bedding.
Finally Dean licks his way down the shaft and takes the full length into his mouth. The heat from his mouth and tongue sealed against Cas’ throbbing dick. The soft and slick lips running along him causes the Angel to throw his head back against the pillow. “Uuuuuhhhhhnnnnn.” he moans loudly, then bites his lip.
‘Do I really want Cas to kiss me?’ he thought. ‘I felt the heat between us. I felt sure we were about to have our lips meet. My mouth….longed to taste him.’ He was unsure how he felt about this revelation. He had been keeping these feelings hidden, even from himself. His heart is pounding once again, eyes wide.
Unsure of the meaning of his reaction, Dean can’t help but feel a little worried. “Babe?” he says, reaching out and brushing his hand against his cheek.
“That’s okay. Nothing wrong with that. I was thinking though, you wanna hang out some more tonight? We can ask the others to come if you want, but I kinda hoped it would be just us.” Dean admits.
Castiel hadn’t thought much earlier about the fact that he hadn’t seen Dean fully naked. Now witnessing his broad shoulders, strong muscular arms and toned chest, he feels himself unable to stop staring at the remarkable beauty of the younger man’s body.
Bobby jolts up and rushes over to the two boys. “Sam!” he says, pulling him into a tight hug before pulling away. “What the hell happened?! Where were you, son?!” he asks, sounding like he can’t decide if he’s more worried or upset.
Dean grabs a soda from the fridge and leans against the counter. “So, when are we leaving?” he asks.
“Well, um….it’s kinda hard to explain without sharing personal information that isn’t mine to share.”
Many times Castiel almost called Dean, but then decided against it. ‘What if he’s changed his mind? Has it been too long now? Was he only being nice when he offered to get to know each other?’ All the what if’s caused Castiel to repeatedly question whether he should reach out or simply let Dean move on with his life. After all, it’s not as if they’d been friends.
Sam chuckles, clearing his throat. “Jack, you have a little…” his voice trails off as he motions toward his lips. He hands him a napkin. “And no, I think they’re okay now.” he answers.
The man quickly turns to stand beside him, then slips his arm around the small of Castiel’s back. Eyes focused on two men walking up to them, an obviously fake smile crossing his lips. “Great! ‘Cause here he comes.” he says quietly, barely moving his mouth.
Dean holds onto him and moves forward until Castiel’s back is against the bed, now laying on top of the Angel. Eagerly getting rid of Cas’s pants and underwear, he tosses them wherever they may land.  “Can I try something to see if you like it?” Dean asks.
Sam chuckles. “I’m happy for you, man. I’ve never seen you like this.” he says, patting Dean’s back.
“I don’t want to do anything you aren’t comfortable with, Cas.” Dean says. “I’m sorry if I did anything to cross a line with you.”
Castiel steps forward and places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stopping him. “Maybe it wasn’t the best way for it to happen, but….” he shrugs. “You helped me to reevaluate my life. Caused me to question things.”
Bobby's eyes get noticeably watery and he turns his head and clearing his throat. "I certainly think of you boys as my family too." He says, voice low and a little uneven.
“Well, first I gotta take a leak. Whenever the worker comes out you should ask to use the phone.” Dean walks over and turns the bathroom door handle but it won’t open. He sighs, hanging his head in frustration, before walking with Cas back over to the counter to wait. After a full minute, Dean gets impatient. “Hello?! Anybody here?” Waiting a beat, he peeks his head into the back room. “Anybody here?!” he yells. Still getting no answer, he shrugs to Cas and walks behind the counter.
Dean sees sincerity in Castiel’s eyes. He wishes he could just grab him and kiss him right now. Others in his past had never been patient or understanding about anything. The next 3 hours rush by in a flash. Every so often, Dean would make sure to head back to the highlight of his night. Bringing another shot to Castiel, just as an excuse to be near him for another stolen moment, really. Dean is blown away that Castiel has sat quietly, waiting this long.
A dark haired, curvy girl in a bright pink bikini and sunglasses sighs deeply. “This place is SUPPOSED to be a secluded spot, but it won’t be if Jo keeps inviting just anyone.” she says, tossing her long curly hair back behind her shoulder.
.” He casually crosses his arms loosely in front of him. “I had nothing to do with it,” he adds flippantly, shrugging.
Gabe is a short, muscular blonde guy wearing a white shirt and bright green swimming trunks, sitting with his arm around Adam. Adam is a little taller, tanned skin, wearing only a pair of khaki shorts. Castiel looks up and Dean sees unbelievably blue eyes staring back at him. The boy grins, his almost black hair along with his lip and eyebrow rings shining in the sunlight and his slightly pale skin does nothing but compliment the natural pink of his lips.
Dean pulls him close and wraps him in a warm embrace, running his fingers through Cas’ hair. “No, of course not. Not at all, baby. I don’t wanna rush this because you’re special. We have plenty of time for that stuff, so- it can wait.”
Pressing in farther, Cas bites his bottom lip and shudders with pleasure as he bottoms out. “Mmmm...uhhhnn.” escapes him.
“Oh, no I didn’t mean anything really. I just don’t really know the guy. I’m sure being the head of a prestigious law firm doesn’t exactly leave much time for socializing outside of business associates. I can’t blame the guy for not being ‘buddies’ with everyone who works for him. I’m sure he’s a perfectly respectable guy. By the way, thanks for coming tonight. It means a lot to me.”
Standing this close to Dean, made it hard to stay focused. Cas’ face no longer read as angry. Cas felt his eyes dart down to Dean’s mouth without his permission; like so many times before. He forced himself to make eye contact again. “Look, I just...after all we’ve been through…” Cas trailed off, starting to lose the battle to himself.
A full minute later, they are both panting and exhausted as their body still continues to twitch. “What...what the hell was that?” Dean asks, still feeling the buzz of electricity.
On his way home from a support group meeting, Dean stops to get gas. He tries to use his new debit card but for some reason the card reader at the pump keeps saying ‘card reader error’ and informs him he’ll have to go inside to pay. Sighing, he makes his way inside. He grabs a bag of gummy bears as he waits in line behind two other customers.
Suddenly they’re standing alone together in the middle of an overgrown field, shielding their eyes as the sun shines brightly. There’s a crisp chill in the air as the two of them look around trying to get their bearings.
Dean licks his lips and gulps. He lightly brushes his lips against Castiel’s chin, before kissing only his top lip. Then down to only his bottom lip. He brings his hand up gently grabbing hold of Castiel’s chin like he had done to him earlier.
The bacon is perfectly crispy but not too done, so Castiel turns the stove off. Grabbing two plates from the cabinet, he distributes the bacon 60/40 giving Dean the bigger share. He sets the plates at the table and moves the drinks. Sitting at the table, he waits for Dean to return.
“O-kay. Yeah, sure man. Um, I’m free now, if you wanna come over. Pam’s at the community center and won’t be back til after she picks the kids up from school.”
He opens the shirt and pushes it off Cas’ shoulders, neither one caring where it lands. Dean’s eyes explore Cas’ exposed skin, breathing heavily. His eyes are full of passion as he pulls him closer. Dean pulls Cas until his knees are resting on either side of him, sitting right at his erection. Dean runs his hands along Cas’ back and takes in the sight of the Angel on top of him.
“Hey.” Dean says quieter, gently running his fingers through Castiel’s hair. “It’s okay. You’re okay. I’ve got you.” he says, looking into the boy’s eyes.
Cas feels a little guilty for asking for more, but he desperately needs to know for sure. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. “Does that mean…”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I figured my parents wouldn’t exactly be thrilled, but I was still surprised to see just how badly they reacted when they found out.” Cas says, rolling to lie on his back. “I think most people are still worried how the people close to them will react to them, coming out.”
Dean kisses Cas’ neck and along his jawline softly and sweetly. He never thought he would be so happy to feel a man’s stubble rubbing against his face. Cas pulls Dean’s shirt up and Dean helpfully lifts his arms. Dean eagerly helps him remove his as well. He kisses Dean’s tanned rough shoulders. He lightly caresses his skin, marveling at his smoothe, toned chest.
“But, now that you have a portion of my grace...what more help can I offer you?” Michael asks, turning to Sam.
Castiel is startled, looking up at the sexy hunk. He blushes again, hard. “Uh, yeah. E-everything’s okay.” he stutters nervously.
Pouring and sprinkling various things from several different vials and containers into the bowl, Sam finally answers. “I’m summoning Rowena. To see if she can help us find them.”
Their short text conversation last night seemed to be much more relaxed than their in person talk had been. ‘Maybe it was only awkward because we both thought we were being brushed off.’ Dean tells himself. That thought brings him comfort. He makes himself focus on how good it felt to find that text from Cas. Finding out he’s still interested in getting to know each other. Hearing back from Cas after responding to his original text.
Everything about Dean gives off strong Alpha vibes. His brown leather jacket, military style haircut, strong masculine jawline, full lips and bright green eyes with freckles sprinkled around them all give the impression that he’s a gorgeous Alpha of strong bloodline and therefore Omegas throw themselves at him. Because Dean is an Omega, he has always felt like he had to prove himself. He has never acted like other Omegas; Usually Omegas will find an attractive unmated Alpha and flock all around to compete for the Alpha’s attention in hopes of being chosen. Dean even wears scented sprays that help to hide his Omega pheromones and gives off Alpha pheromones. This spray is of course illegal and therefore hard to get your hands on, because it’s considered ‘going against nature’ to not just be the Alpha or Omega that society expects you to be. The only time the spray doesn’t do any good is when used by an Omega while in heat. Nothing can mask that scent.
“Dean, I couldn’t lock the door to our room. Dad took the keys when he left and I didn’t have any money to extend our stay. I’m not sure how long he had paid ahead for us to stay but…”
"Well, if you boys are up to it, I thought maybe tomorrow we'd go see my friend Donny. He owns a used car lot a couple towns over."
“What? Of course that’s not what I mean. I know you can certainly handle yourself. You’re a badass hunter, Eileen. I just….got scared when I almost lost you. I don’t know what I’d do if..”
Dean feels a strong urge not to let him. ‘Say something’ he heard himself think. ‘What?’ He answers himself, utterly confused.
The day Sam officially met Ruby Cassidy, was a day he wouldn’t soon forget. He left her house that day, with hickeys that were thankfully easily hidden under his clothes. No longer a virgin, he couldn’t help but pat himself on the back for not only his age as well as her being an ‘older woman’, but also because Ruby was hot.
Dean nibbles and sucks on his pulse, drawing a “uuuuuhhh” from Castiel. He slides his hands under his shirt and caresses Castiel’s firm, hairy chest.
She takes a step forward, taking his hand. “I’m sorry for how I reacted. Hunting is all I’ve ever known, but ..you were right. I want more than that. I don’t wanna be doing this until I die. I don’t want this to be all there is.”
Dean instinctually pulls Castiel’s back against his chest- like he and Bobby have done for Sam many times- and he takes a deep breath, which Castiel copies. They repeat it a few more times before Dean lets go of Castiel’s shoulders. “Better?” he asks.
Dean can’t help but be awestruck by Castiel’s talent, noticing the lighting, angles and thinking about all the work that must have been put into them.
“The nurse should be around in about half an hour to check on you, but if you need anything the call button is on the remote there by your hand.” The doctor says pointing. “And I’m sorry to hear about your mother.” she adds before leaving the room.
When the boys close the front door behind them, Dean takes Cas’ hand as they walk to the car. Cas smiles at him.
“Dean, have you even CONSIDERED the possibility that you could be wrong? Don’t you think it’s worth the risk to find out?” Sam pushes.
Cas continues slamming his knuckles repeatedly into the men’s faces until they are bloodied and bruised. Noses both broken and eyes and lips swollen. The abuse their bodies are enduring is audible along with their unintentional groans of pain.
Closing his eyes, Dean dreads the conversation he knows is coming. He knows better than to think Cas would just let something like this go.
I went back and edited a little. Some of the wording toward the end of the chapter didn't feel clear. Hope you like it.
Cas tucks Dean into him, covering him with his arms. “I’m sure everything’s fine. Breathe with me.” They take a deep breath together, then let it out slowly. Another. Then one more.
“I know. But I still want more. This life- just hunting isn’t enough for me. It never has been. I want kids, I want a wife. I want a chance at whatever my version of ‘normal’ is.”
had a chance! Why do you think I summoned the Empty in the first place?! It was the only way to keep you safe!”
Comforted by Dean’s words, he meets his lips again, this time passionately and unrushed. He pulls back and slides down his body. Carefully slipping Dean’s boxers off, he kisses along his inner thighs, fingers guiding the way across soft skin. He crouches in between Dean’s thighs.
Beginning to move a little, Dean moans in approval. Leaning forward, Cas eagerly kisses his lover again, while he starts a steady rhythm of thrusting. “I love you.” Cas pants against Dean’s’ lips. “I love you too, baby.”
Sam seems to be taking in Charlie’s appearance. He gulps and tries not to stare but he’s never seen anyone with the type of look she has. Well, other than when he saw Dean in his ‘going out to make money’ outfit.
Dean and Cas had sat having intense wordless conversations; Their eyes saying what they forbid their mouths to speak out loud. The nervous, flirty energy was present as always between them. Sam had gotten used to feeling like an awkward 3rd wheel around them. It always felt like he was tagging along on a date between two people who were so clearly meant for each other, yet neither was willing to make the first move.
A door opens and closes, and Castiel enters the living room promptly sitting so close to Dean, their thighs are touching. Dean gulps and closes his eyes for a few seconds.
They both attempt to catch their breath, looking at it waiting for whatever comes next. Limbs twitching from abuse, they look into the other’s eyes completely helpless.
After a few more of what Dean saw as false promises and a few more hugs from her sons, Mary went to bed, clearly rattled from a long night. As she ascended up the stairs, she apologized to Castiel for ruining his Christmas and promised, in a vacant voice, that they'd open gifts after dinner that night.
"You want to work in research? That's rare. I hear it's boring. Most people in your situation want to become doctors." Cas said.
Dean felt tears spring to his eyes. He didn't want to imagine what the demons had done with Bobby's corpse, nor did he want to imagine what they had planned to do to him. It had to be horrible.
Castiel choked on a tiny hot dog. Dean glanced at him and gave him an encouraging smile. Castiel was definitely not ready for these people. Dean had known most of them for years and still left every encounter with them feeling exhausted. He felt like he should have done something to prepare him for the storm that was Charlie's group of friends.
"Unfortunately. He's also a huge fan of John Hughes movies. I swear, sometimes I think he has a vagina."
Castiel thought about it for an unnecessarily long time and finally agreed to one beer. Dean took him to his favorite bar in town, a pub that was known for its cheap pitchers and totally awesome jukebox. Dean ordered them a pitcher of Killian's and the two of them sat down in a booth near the back.
"No! There was more. He showed me Heaven, the way it is now, the way it will be from now on, and how the bloodshed, my rebellion changed everything. Changed it for the better and now Heaven is a place my father can be proud to call his own. Finally, he showed me you. He showed me us, years from now, old and hobbling, walking a dog. He showed me our life together and that was the best part, Dean. That was the best part." He whispered, words coming out in a rush.
"I just hate it when she leaves like that." Sam mumbled. "It just reminds me when… well, when things were really bad." He glanced at Castiel and shut his mouth.
"We shouldn't be sitting here moping." Sam said. "Let's at least make some dinner. I think Dean needs something solid in his system."
Dean opened his eyes and thankfully, it wasn't too bright. Someone had remembered to draw the curtains and blinds the night before.
Castiel smiled back at him, a ghost of the smile he had earlier, but a smile nonetheless. Dean's heart ached for Castiel. Clearly the guy had been through some unspeakable shit during his life. Dean still thought he was dealing with it remarkably. Seeing him sitting there, those amazing paintings behind him, the strange music playing in the background, Dean wished he could convey to him that he was sitting here for reasons beyond pity and free tutoring. He just wasn't sure how to do that without risking breaking Castiel into tiny pieces.
"Yeah, you're not a little punk anymore, are you buddy? Hey, did you ever get to second base with Rhonda Hurley?" Dean jeered, grinning at him.
Cas shimmied up and wrapped both his arms around Dean's neck and kissed him again, this time deeper and with more need. Dean pulled him close and kissed him back, telling himself that it would be okay if he touched him, that he wouldn't break from a couple of kisses. He felt Castiel's tongue slip into his mouth and Dean twined his fingers around the back of his neck, raking his fingers through his hair. The two of them sat there, making out like teenagers in a movie theater, and before he knew it, they were horizontal on the couch, Dean's body flush against Castiel's, who felt so diminutive, yet also so solid, beneath him. They grinded against each other, kissing deeply, hands everywhere, in places they had never been before. Castiel was making those low, breathy moans and god, Dean wanted him so fucking badly right now that he knew he was going to have trouble stopping himself.
"You… close your eyes and just let it come to you, I guess. I don't know. I've always had trouble sleeping. I think it has something to do with knowing that the monster in your closet is real." Dean said.
"Sammy, don't say that. You have no fucking idea how good it is to see you again. You and mom." Dean said.
Jo swatted at him and took off running to the doors in the student center, laughing at him. Dean rolls his eyes. He didn't know what his teenage self had been thinking. It'd be idiotic to marry Jo.
"Shut up, asshole." Jo said, tossing a fry at him. "Joey was straight, Joey was boring, Joey was in love with a bro with a greasy blonde mullet. I am not straight or boring, nor would I love anyone with a mullet."
"Sam, Adam, Bobby and Jimmy are the victims here, Dean. Not us." Cas said softly. "I may be human, and you may be… well, suicidal, but we are alive. We are here on earth. We have a second chance to do whatever we want with our lives. That is an opportunity that Jimmy, Sam, Adam and Bobby will never have again. Sam and Adam deserve this opportunity too, which is why we have to spend some of our second chance trying to get them out."
"Assbutt? He called Michael assbutt?" Sam cried, tears of laughter streaming from his eyes. "He called a fucking archangel assbutt before setting him on fire?"
but it happens. I'm mostly surprised that he didn't send me flowers or buy me a car, with how apologetic he is." She said.
After begrudging the notes from all of his missed classes from Charlie and convincing her that, no, she could not come with him to watch Castiel teach him the difference between classic and post-modern social theory, Dean set up a time to meet .
Cas shook his head. Dean sighed. He remembered the night before, when Cas had been 'worried' and how edgy he had been in the hours following Dean's fight with his mother.
"Relax, Dean. He will be here soon. Right here in this living room, as Gabriel promised. He will be in his old body, the same old Sammy with the demon blood that you've always loved to hate." Balthazar said.
"No, he is not miserable. What he's going through is torture, but he is making it. He's making it because of you. For some reason, he sees something in you that makes this life forced upon him worth living." Balthazar said.
Castiel also started eating lunch with him, Charlie, and Jo on a semi-regular basis. Charlie was creepily obsessed with Castiel, which Jo and Dean found hilarious. Castiel didn't reveal much about himself in the three weeks that he spent integrating himself into their lunch circle. They knew he liked screamo and that he liked to paint. They knew he was smart: he'd started college when he was 16 and that he was Jo's age and already had earned a master's degree and a job teaching. They knew that he liked to sit on the quad in the morning, where he'd drink coffee and grade papers. Otherwise, Castiel Novak was a mystery.
"Cas, that shit, my family shit, it's not your problem. You don't need that hanging over you too. You have enough to deal with yourself." Dean said, more sharply than he intended.
"He's… doing really well." Dean said. "He's the same old Sammy. I can tell it hurts, like the light here is too bright for him after all of that darkness, but it's him, Cas. We did it. We got him out."
over and over again. He bends over and grabs the angel blade from the copy's hand and quickly stabs it in the chest, ending its pain. The copy howls one last time and dies.
"I am not ready to get out of bed, dear Jo." He said, voice muffled by his pillow. "The man I thought I was falling in love with abused you."
Sam was still dead. Sam was still in Hell. Bobby was gone. Bobby was dead. Some unknown evil had taken his body. Cas was back, but if he was driving, he was half an angel, even weaker than he had been when was falling and cut off from heaven. Cas had no idea what was going on. There were things in the graveyard that wanted to kill him. He still irrevocably alone, except now, things were stealing his friends' bodies and bringing angels back to life.
