“What?” John asked. Sherlock dropped to his knees and tugged at John’s belt. “No, no,” John said, though he didn’t move away, even when his flies were open. John tangled his hands in Sherlock’s hair and that, at least, stopped him.
“I am famished.” John parked the trolley next to the bath and climbed back in. He sat, reached over to take cloches from plates and revealed two spectacular English breakfasts. Sherlock poured tea and they settled to eat.
“What if Lestrade or someone finds out though?” Sherlock said.  “Or Mycroft? They think I’m incapable of having a sex life anyway.  If they find out I don’t always like things up my backside then they’ll think I’m even more dreadful. I bet they both feel sorry for you for having to put up with me.”
Sherlock juggled the remote with slippery hands.  He turned the vibrator on at a medium setting, then dropped the controller as shivers of pleasure overwhelmed him.  The vibrations against his cock were delicious.
Sunday and Monday came and went.  Tuesday found John, Rosie and Harry sitting outside a café on Box Hill as they ate ice-creams.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any further cruelty to the English language that remains, is my bad.
With that in mind, John had a brainwave one evening as he made Spag-Bol. He pushed the Bolognese to the back burner, turned it down and left the spaghetti uncooked while he fed Rosie and got her to bed. After that, he texted Sherlock and told him to be at 221C by half seven. When Sherlock arrived, John dished up and poured them both a glass of wine.
John heard Sherlock’s voice pull away from the phone to instruct Mycroft to tell the train driver to give John access to the cab.  “Good, are you and Rosie okay?”
“We’ll keep an eye on that tonight and over the next few days. I expect you to be honest when I ask you about it. Drink plenty of fluid in the meantime.”
“This dish won’t come clean at all if I don’t wash it tonight,” John replied.  Sherlock’s cock twitched against him.  “You did tests on pasta bake pans after that case in Wimbledon. You know it goes rock solid.”
“Up and in the shower. We’re going to go pick up Rosie and go get some breakfast. Well, if that’s what you’d like to do?”
Bodies glistening with sweat, they rutted together faster and faster. Sherlock dug his heels into the mattress and pushed his cock through John’s fist. Heat concentrated in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach and all rational thought crumbled.  The pleasure rounded in on him and he came with a cry, eyes closed and head thrown back against the bed.
“Ow!” Sherlock dropped against John and clutched his face. In a matter of seconds, thick, warm blood trickled through his fingers. “I think you broke my nose,” he said, his voice nasal.
He stroked his cock with firm, steady strokes. “Stop thinking you’ll break me and just do it. Please, Sherlock.”
“My voice?” John asked. “You sound like liquid sex. Jesus, Sherlock, I’m so close already. I can’t stop imagining you in front of that bloody mirror. It’s still the best fuck I ever had.”
“We can if you fall back on top of me.” Sherlock wrapped both arms around John. “I’ll hang on to you.” With little grace and no lack of discomfort, John flopped backwards as Sherlock did. They collapsed into a heap, their legs in a tangle. “Can we turn over?” John wasn’t a big man, but he felt heavy on Sherlock’s chest.  They rocked back and forth a little like a beetle stuck on its back.
“As you are no doubt aware, I told Sherlock yesterday that I have no intention of seeing Fabian or anyone else again.” John caught Mycroft as he raised one eyebrow.  “I said that my focus is on Rosie and I mean it.  From now on, Rosie is all that matters. I don’t need a lover, I don’t need a wife, I just need my daughter. You know, I sat in that place with Jason’s blood all over me and I realised something, Mycroft. I could have ended my medical career right then and there if I’d been arrested for sleeping with a prostitute. If the press got hold of the story, I could’ve ruined Sherlock’s career because he was associated with me.  I know I have you to thank for that not happening and I’m grateful. So, I’m going to show it by not putting myself in that position again. I have my work, I can help Sherlock with his work and I can bring up my daughter. I don’t need anything else. I’m done.”
“God, Sherlock, I needed this.” John wrapped his hand around his dick. “Doesn’t feel right but it’s enough for now.” John’s hand blurred with frantic wanking.
There were twenty people in the blackout room.  Several men used the cottaging holes and the slap of skin and slick mouths punctuated other sounds, like ragging breaths, moans and kisses.   The room smelled of sweat, of come and of bodies.   Every so often, a stranger’s slippery skin rubbed against Sherlock’s.  It took all his concentration to focus purely on John and his touches.
Fabian climbed to the edge of the bed-pit and tousled his hair.  He bit his lips a few times to pink them up and tweaked his nipples into hard nubs.  He stroked his cock back to full hardness and lined up the condom bowl and a bottle of lube at the edge of the pit.
In its own way, this fic was about how, in my mind, John got rid of Mary's ghost and got round to some Sherlock lovin'.  Of course, there's a case and everything, but once this fic is done, I - as well as John - have exorcised her from my world.  They are not her Baker Street boys. (They're mine.... mwahahahahahaha!) (Not really) (But sort of).
Lestrade ushered another man into the room.  Sherlock considered pouting until he saw Bouchard.  His jaw dropped before he recovered.  Bouchard was approximately five-foot-eight and aged in the region of twenty-eight years.  He was well-dressed and had a pallor befitting one whose hours were nocturnal.  None of this was relevant.  It was the angularity of Bouchard’s face and the fullness of his lips: they could be described as Sherlock-like.  His hair could be described as Sherlock-like.  All but his eyes.  Bouchard had brown eyes.
Sherlock was already at saturation point. This was the most he’d ever spoken about sex in one sitting ever. Not only that, but the conversation included discussion of his own sex life, unexpected though it was, and not some else’s. It was all a little too much at this point. Nathan seemed to sense it.
John nodded. Sherlock would hate today but John knew he’d hate Daniels to get away with what he did even more.  John followed Donovan to have his statement taken and Sherlock stayed with Lestrade.
Sherlock and John visit Piero, a prostitute/therapist from Doubles, who admitted to the murder of a man called Zach Thomes.  From there, they make a return visit to Doubles to see one of Piero's colleagues: a man called Nathan Drake.
Sweat stung Sherlock’s eyes, but he blinked them open. John’s bond mark was red, swollen and damp with sweat, and Sherlock simply had to run his tongue over the salty, scented skin. The action destroyed his control. Sherlock’s hips pistoned in and out; his thrusts confident and deep until his knot sealed him inside and restricted his movements.
“The famous Mr Holmes,” Charles said. He shook Sherlock’s hand. John knew Charles’ hand felt like a wet fish.  “I’m delighted that you’ve condescended to take the case.”
“No, Sherlock,” John pushed Sherlock back. “I won’t punish you for the actions of your sister. Sorry, but I won’t. Look at me.” Sherlock carried on staring at the carpet. He knew his face was wet with tears and sweat and snot. This wasn’t the moment to be looking at anyone.
“No, John, it was amazing. But I’d like you to have penetrative sex with me now. As in, I’d like you to put your penis in me.”
“Oh, gently,” Sherlock murmured as the massager entered him.  He tensed when it was fully in, but John sucked the tip of Sherlock’s cock to distract him.  “I’m going to come before you turn the damn thing on if you do that,” Sherlock said. He clutched at John’s hair.
“You’re still looking into Mark Tyler’s past.”  Sherlock paused until Mycroft nodded.  “I think Bouchard mentioned him because we did. Perhaps he thought it was the name we wanted to hear.  Beyond him, the only suspects we have outstanding are Stephen Daniels and a man called Dan Murphy,” Sherlock replied.  “Daniels was allegedly called away on business the day following Cox’s murder. He’s somewhere abroad. Murphy’s mother took ill the same day and Murphy returned to Liverpool where she lives. According to Lestrade, he’s checked in with the police daily at their request.  He returns to London tomorrow.”
“Unless,” Sherlock said between kisses, “you don’t intend to leave here, we really need to stop.”  He moaned as John reached down and grabbed his backside with both hands.
“I’ll have my officers take the evidence including the information from Sherlock and John,” Mycroft turned his gaze to his brother.  “I would like it very much if you’d please confirm that you haven’t just had sex on camera.”
“So that’s it, then?” Lestrade said. His voice softened and became, in Sherlock’s mind, even more terrifying for it. “You’re going to dish out your orders and then swan off into the night and not tell me a goddamn thing?  You really are an insufferable cockwomble. Get out of my office, out of my building and out of my fucking city.”
John inhaled sharply and then let out his breath slowly. “Okay. I mean, I’ve wanted you for years. I don’t think the spunk had anything to do with it. But, okay.”
Sherlock hadn’t been able to imagine John being passive enough to let him come on his face. Sherlock peeled away the shirt from his face. Ian, he’d realised, hadn’t looked anything like John. Sherlock had grabbed his white shirt from the floor and used it to wipe spunk from Ian’s cheeks.
“You’d have been popular up the Heath.” Nathan attempted to look innocent.  “Sure you never tried it?”
“Fuck me, John.” Sherlock pulled John’s top leg up, using it as a brace for him to thrust with fast, jagged movements. “Oh, there, there, there,” he cried out when John found that dangerous spot inside.
), and it was Sherlock who came first, white skin over flesh turned rigid, those eyes that shone like the moon on stormy nights searched John’s face and found love, only love, which tipped John over the edge until he clung to pale shoulders, left purple-red crescents with blunt fingernails, as he roared his climax and clung on, before heavy breaths turned to even, steady, slow, steady, slow, they slipped back into their former sleeping positions, (steady-slow, steady-slow) and, once again, eyelids fluttered closed and heartbeats aligned; they surrendered into sleep.
"Nah." John said, happy for the darkness.  "It was her telling me to get on and seduce you, really. The money is for my and Rosie's future."
“Ow,” Sherlock moaned. “That hurt. Why do I sound like this?” Sherlock raised a hand to his nose, which was distorted because John had rammed it with loo paper to staunch the bleeding.
John rocked on his heels. His dick throbbed behind the seam of his jeans, and the temptation to crawl on top of Sherlock and ride to release was almost overwhelming. But John was also a doctor and someone who loved Sherlock. He couldn’t ignore Dr Marshall’s instructions because he knew they were prudent. John pulled at his belt; the chair was his best option.
“I’m dressed as a transvestite, John,” Sherlock said. “If I was dressed as a woman, my disguise would have been better.”
“He was trying to protect him,” Piero replied. “It is foolish to think that a prostitute would need to protect Daniels, a man who works for the government.  I love Fabby, but I also know that he is not very clever.  Do not be upset by his lies, John. He is not sober enough to have a conscience.”
“That hurt,” Sherlock said, wounded. John tried to school his features into an expression of concern. Sherlock crossed his arms and tried to look furious, an expression undermined by Sherlock’s state of undress, stonking erection, and beautifully kiss-bruised lips.
“I’ll have to put this on my spreadsheet.” Sherlock appeared beside him. “She’ll need a nap this afternoon to maximise her sleep to activity ratio.”  He wandered off.
John’s voice filtered through the flat. “Sherlock?  Sherlock?” Footsteps headed from the sitting room into the kitchen. “Don’t say you’re out.” The kettle clicked on.
“Seems unlikely.” Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt. “I was thinking more that you, perhaps, might be cold and in need of body heat.”
“I know you. I know what to do when we’re working. I don’t always know what to do as your friend. I know what to do when we’re having sex. I don’t know what to do when you want to talk about it.”
“I want to do it,” Sherlock said quickly. The thought of John having sex with another Alpha, anyone but him, was too much to bear.
Sherlock took a deep breath and watched Piero’s reaction. He looked defeated.  Sherlock began to talk once more.
It was clear, as far as John was concerned, that Mycroft took a deep breath of relief when he saw that he and Sherlock were unharmed.  It was either that, or he was relieved John and Sherlock had just shagged.  John assumed the former was more likely.
Sherlock stumbled up the steps alongside John, who was implacably calm and amused at his lack of grace. John held the fire exit door open.
Sherlock sighed. How was John going to believe he was ready to be his heat partner, his Alpha, unless he could answer these sorts of questions? “I would define it by sexual intercourse, other sexual acts, kissing, touching and general physical affection.”
She still sobbed, quietly, but it was if the energy had disappeared from her system in a matter of seconds.
Sherlock pushed the box towards John. He had a good idea what they would find inside.  They’d found correspondence between Mary and Mark. They knew Matthews, Mark’s business partner and enemy, had images of John and Rosie. To Sherlock, the conclusion was clear. However, he wanted John to discover it himself.  When John’s relationship with Mary and her memory was questioned, Sherlock did his best not to intrude.
And yet, in Rosie’s temperament, Sherlock saw elements of himself.  When she focused on something, she truly focused.  She was observant and curious. Whilst Mary and John had those traits, Rosie seemed to have absorbed some of Sherlock’s nature. He knew, scientifically speaking, it was likely his traits were copied by Rosie.  After all, the difference, physically, between male and female bodies accounted for less than one percent of overall physiognomy.  As a student of human nature, Sherlock understood that the impact of hormones could not be overestimated. However, the nurture of children and their observations of the people around them were statistically significant in terms of their overall personality.  What surprised Sherlock was that Rosie was still so young.  Was it possible that she’d already subsumed some of his characteristics?
John turned to Sherlock.  “No sex, we want biscuits?” John asked softly. He smiled and Sherlock gave him a sweet, rather chaste, kiss and smacked his arse.  “Ow!”
Sherlock undid his trousers and let them fall. His cock was already half erect at John’s suggestion.  “Okay.” He eased off his socks, pants and trousers and walked towards the bed.  “I’ve wanted to hear you tell me you want me for so long.”
“Just want to fuck you, John,” Sherlock replied. He angled his finger inside and pressed forward.  John’s body slammed forward and back, clenched around Sherlock’s finger.
“It appears that your endeavours with the Langridge’s case and the subsequent arrest of the Marquês de Evora has won you an ally. One that is very useful to your present situation.”
It was two in the morning when John woke Sherlock.  The bed was crunchy and unpleasant. Sherlock realised his bladder was full when he heard John pee.  A quiet, naked debate decided that between an unpleasant bed or showers, damp flannels and clean sheets won out.
Sherlock reached round and stroked John’s cock once, twice and then John too had another orgasm.  John’s fingers bit into Sherlock’s thigh. “Point taken,” John said through clenched teeth. “What did you mean before? You said that you wanted me so that’s why you did it. What did you do?”
John shook with laughter. Sherlock bit his lip until giggles burst out of him.  Tears of hilarity rolled down John’s face.
“That’s what the chair is trying to do for you.” Sherlock’s mouth twitched at the corner, but not into a smile.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and stared at Sherlock. He saw too much, as always.  “You’re actually hurt, aren’t you?   I trust that you intend to cease your romantic entanglement with Dr Watson for this little stunt?  It really wouldn’t do for you to be mawkish and take him back.”
“These modern chairs are supposed to be able to figure out what you need from the chemical make-up from your slick and your precome. It should deliver precisely what you need at any given time.” Sherlock looked rather longingly at John.
“I think we’ve established that Bertie wasn’t that smart, haven’t we?” John’s body rippled below Sherlock. “Oh bugger, all I can think of now is what the look on your face will be like when you’re inside me. Every man likes a virgin.” He fucked up into their conjoined hands and gasped. “Bloody hell.”
“How about, ‘John, my friend, my love, my fucking bondmate, I’m sorry for making your brain bleed with visions of my family watching me fuck you. Please fucking forgive me’. That would be a start.” John’s slick ran over Sherlock’s testicles.
Sherlock walked to the bedroom and flicked through his wardrobe.  He dismissed black; he didn’t want to be mistaken for a waiter, not tonight. He put on his blue Richard James Hyde suit, a silvery grey, fine pinstripe shirt and black tie.
John leant over to the private hell that was Sherlock’s bedside table drawer. The Coco de Mer lube was close to the front of the jumble, so John hooked that out anyway.  Then he pulled out the whole drawer and rifled around. In his search, he put aside a vibrating prostate massager and a tube of strawberry lube.  He also found a dildo, three torches, two bullet vibrators and a cock ring. He left them where they were for now.
“You seem to have a little discharge from the head of your cock, Mr Holmes. I think I ought to investigate.”  John blew cool breath over the glistening head.
John stopped what he was doing and that was very bad news. “Um, happy to listen but maybe lay off the fabulous cock thing?”
“Bugger, sorry.” John laughed and tugged Sherlock back under the water. “Since you’re my big strong Alpha, or some shit like that, you can soap me up first. Do it well and I’ll consider buying a butt plug so, well, y’know.” He smiled.
John pressed the ‘play’ button to start the disc.  The computer whirred, the screen flickered and Mary appeared on the screen.
“Um, it seems my nipples really are very sensitive.” Sherlock blushed.  John looked up and licked his lips. He wriggled a little in Sherlock’s lap and smiled when Sherlock’s eyes closed.
Sally sat down next to him. She took his hand and squeezed it.  “You’ve also recently lost your wife and dealt with your sexuality being a bit different than you expected.  You chose to deal with that not by fucking every man or woman in the vicinity, but by going to a classy brothel where there’s HIV testing and everyone uses condoms. You did that to make sure that your little girl would keep her daddy for a long time.  You’ve fallen for the man who is a second daddy to your daughter. There is no one better to be by her side or yours, even if I do think he’s a freak.” Sally smiled.  “He won’t risk it by using drugs and neither of you will risk your relationship by exposing too much in that room at Langridge’s.  You don’t have to have sex. You’ve just got to be a bit fruity with each other.”
“I think we could certainly look at expanding our range,” John looked at Sherlock with an encouraging smile.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. “No, but I have pins and needles in my legs.” John nodded and flopped on the bed at Sherlock’s side.  Immediately, Sherlock lent over him and pushed two fingers back inside John’s arse as it contracted with loss. John gasped and pushed up his hips. “Shhh,” Sherlock soothed him. He stroked John’s tummy and, slowly, withdrew his fingers. With his own release dripping from his fingers, Sherlock signed his name on John’s belly and finished with an ‘xxx’.
So ferocious was John’s release that his spunk decorated his own stomach, chest and even chin with glossy fluid. And, as John came, his body spasmed around Sherlock who tried, for a while, to continue. The aim was fruitless. Sherlock came with John’s body still clenched around him.
“Hardly, brother dear,” Mycroft replied.  His phone rang and he answered.  Sherlock pulled a face at Rosie, who regarded him with solemn contemplation.  Shortly after Mycroft ended his call, they arrived at Grosvenor House and they swept through the sumptuous beige and red lobby, into the lift and up to a private suite.
Sherlock walked back into the bedroom to find John stretched out on the bed. John’s lips tilted into a smile and he stroked his cock with a steady hand. Sherlock went to his side. He wore a towel stretched around his hips and his burgeoning erection had started to press against the terry cloth.
“Fine,” John replied as he took the bag from Mycroft’s grasp.  “We’ll stop. But know that we need to see Tyler directly after the bust. You
Sherlock nodded and looked out onto the London streets. The roads were busy, but Mycroft’s driver was using side streets where he could until they needed to join Park Lane. “Where are we going?”
“You missed out the part where Daniels contacted me,” Piero replied.  “He told me enough about Thomas so that I could take the blame.  He sent Candlar to me too.”
“To be blunt, John, sometimes I like having things up my bum and sometimes I don’t.” Sherlock shrugged.  “I can’t tell whether this is a day I do or a day I don’t.”
“We’ve got to try, Simon,” John said.  He paused to remember his count of chest compressions.  “Has anyone dialled 999?  Do it, someone, please.”
The doors closed. They were alone. John pressed Sherlock back against the wall, jabbed the down button and gave his new boyfriend the sort of kiss that made it very clear that John Watson was very alive, indeed.
Sherlock’s hand tapped John’s back in time with Tyler’s thrusts.  Every nerve in John’s body shifted to that spot and tingled at the touch.  Feeling his arousal was obvious, John glanced at Lestrade. He sat with his legs crossed tight, his eyes focused only on the three men fucking in the middle of the room.
“I think that’s fine,” John said quickly.  “We’ll save that as the big guns should we need it.  What are we going to do about the money?” John had let him off the hook, but the notion of Mycroft giving Sherlock advice on love seemed to be possibly the worst idea in the history of all ideas.
From now on, I'm going to try and post on a WEDNESDAY (Not Tuesday as I previously stated) and a Saturday.  I was reminded this morning that because we live in a tiny village in Buckinghamshire, the internet can be a bit dodgy, so barring that and all natural and unnatural disasters, that's the schedule.
John must have been waiting for Sherlock to come home. He might not have been expecting Sherlock to arrive as he did. In fact, Sherlock’s broken faux-Louboutin high-heeled shoe entered the flat first.
“No, I didn’t check the bloody bottle,” Tyler said.  “Members of the sodding government come here.  Is it lube?”
Sherlock thought his lips tingled. His tongue felt fat in his mouth. His pulse was running at about 90bpm, which was high for him; cigarettes and caffeine notwithstanding. That seemed odd, he thought anaphylaxis would lower heart rate… Maybe it was the aneurysm.
“I think we would probably figure that out ourselves,” John said.  “I’ve given an enema before.” He smiled in a way that Sherlock recognised as slightly dangerous. John was, he realised, feeling a little patronised by this session.  It made Sherlock feel better that this wasn’t entirely easy for John either.  “We know all about it, right?”
“Wonderful.” Sherlock clung to John. Surely, he couldn’t come again from, what? Relief? Happiness? “Guh,” Sherlock sighed, and his muscles stiffened in bliss and then relaxed, satiated.
The third area had couches around three walls and on the fourth hung a cinema-style screen.  A porn movie silently played, long forgotten by spectators.  The lights were low, but one bright white light was suspended in the middle of ceiling.  Below it, the floor dropped down three steps to a large circular bed and, in its centre, lay a dead man.
John Watson liked to think he was a pragmatic, capable man. However, he’d woken up paralysed. Or maybe he just hoped that paralysis would take hold and cut off the pain he felt, oh, everywhere.
John handed him the briefcase with the receiver for the mics and the transmitter for the earpieces.  Bailey opened the case, removed the equipment and turned on the receiver.
Charles looked at Lestrade, then at Sherlock and, finally, at John. To Sherlock, it was clear he wanted to find their weak link. He hadn’t found one.   “Fine,” Charles said eventually. “I’ll go and retrieve that for you, if you wouldn’t mind waiting in the lobby?”
Sally chewed her lip.  “Look, if Sherlock can get them, there are tiny radios and mics that you could wear.  That way, if you get carried away and I think you’ve gone a bit far, I can tell you to calm down.”
“Then we understand each other as professionals,” Nathan said.   “With that in mind, let’s get to work.”
Sherlock grinned.  “How exciting!”   He put on a trilby.  “Do I look like a gangster?”  He winked at John, who smiled back with an expression of complete love.   Sherlock blushed.
“Can I tell you something, John?” Sherlock asked.  His heartbeat thumped in his head, in his throat, in his whole body.  He stared at John’s lips and wished they were crushed against his.  Sherlock took John’s hand in his and bought it to the front of his trousers where his erection was pushed hard against the zip.  “I really want us to have sex.”
The only concern John had was whether Sherlock would be able to deliver in the bedroom. They hadn’t even kissed. John had nothing to go on and in the midst of his heat, he knew he’d be desperate. Sherlock simply had to be to be the man, the Alpha, the situation necessitated: one with an almost constant hard-on, who could fuck until he was unconscious, knot John, and fill him full of spunk until he thought he’d burst. That was what John demanded from his Alphas and he didn’t want to be disappointed in Sherlock’s performance.
“Staying in bed with me.” John sat up.  “I’ve waited a long time for this.  I, for once, am going to make a demand. I want post-coital snuggles for fuck’s sake. That’s just the way it is and you’re going to give it to me.”  John looked concerned, as if he was as shocked as Sherlock at what he'd just said.
This is John's sister, Harry.  I thought you all deserved an explanation before this blog was archived, so I'm posting it here.
John Watson.  Doctor John Watson.  Captain- No, not captain.  Not any more.  He sat with his head in his hands, the gun he’d managed somehow to bring home there on the desk in front of him.  Every day he made this same decision; whether today was the day to die or not; whether today, the bad parts of his life would finally outweigh the good.  Every day, he contemplated what his life had become, and somehow, he found the will to live for another 24 hours.  John’s thoughts ran over his usual list of his own positive and negative attributes.  On the positive side: doctor – able to save lives.  Soldier – loyal, fought for Queen and country.  Brother – Harry depended on him.  On the negative: no job, no career – the tremors that had caused him to be honourably discharged from the army also prevented him from working as a surgeon.  Harry is an alcoholic, her life becoming more and more ruined, no matter what John tries to do to help her.  And the final icing on the cake, John has never had a proper Omega heat his entire life, not since he presented at the age of twelve.  John felt that was his biggest failing; not only could he no longer do the things he had trained to do, but he couldn’t do the thing he was born to do either.  He would never be able to have children, and no Alpha would ever want him.  After long moments of contemplation, John sighed, stripped down the gun, cleaned it and placed it back into the drawer, ready for the next day.  As awful as his life had become, he still couldn’t quite muster up the courage to end it, but he felt it wouldn’t be long until he could.
I'm sorry it's taken so long for me to have time to update this fic - it's absolutely NOT abandoned, but life has kind of got in the way... I'm now working full time, two jobs, and what with the family as well, that's not left me much time for writing... Thank you for sticking with me, and I'll try very hard to do better...
John dropped to his knees, sliding his hand under Sherlock’s testicles to his arse, and slid his fingers back inside.  At the same time, he began to slide the soft skin on Sherlock’s hard erection, and slid his lips over the shiny purple head.  Sherlock threw his head back, hissing once more.  “Fuck!” he breathed, “I won’t be long!”  John’s response was to roll his tongue around the sensitive bumps on the underside of the glans, and suck him down deeply, right to the back of his throat.  Sherlock’s orgasm hit, almost crushing John’s fingers, buried deep in his arse, and John gobbled the salty ropes down greedily.  For a few moments, both men tried to catch their breath.
had hit him so strongly that his knees had almost buckled.  He had raced up the stairs to John’s room, cold forgotten, and finding the door firmly locked had shoved and rattled at it, trying to get in.
“The first flowers I put on your grave were roses, as dark in colour as this one, but with almost no scent – it was the wrong time of year, they were hothouse roses.  This was what I wanted to give you then, something as incredible, and powerful, and unique as you were.  I couldn’t do it then, so I’m going to do it now, like I promised that night with the petals.”  So saying, John handed the rose to Sherlock, and they walked on together, the scent of the symbol of John’s love for Sherlock drifting up between them.
Anderson stilled immediately. Someone had evidently heard the commotion, because a couple of moments later, Lestrade and Donovan ran into the room.
John had received a text message from Mycroft as Sherlock had been throwing the stiff, unused bolts on the front door before heading up the stairs and doing the same with the front door to their flat.
Sherlock lay back on the sofa in a pair of loose pyjama trousers, a t-shirt, and his second best dressing gown, and glared at the letter Mrs Hudson had brought up with his cup of tea that morning.  Bloody Lestrade!  Sherlock huffed, irritated that his morning was about to be ruined; why should he need to have a medical to carry on doing Lestrade’s job for him?  Then again… Sherlock had noticed the new doctor down at the local surgery, and deduced that he was a lot more flexible about his sexuality than he realised.  Flinging himself off of the sofa, Sherlock stalked off to the bathroom to run a bath, and head out to see if he could manipulate Dr Watson into seeing him.  Sherlock had studied his comings and goings on his regular visits to be patched up after numerous run-ins with London’s criminal classes, and knew that today would be a good day to visit the surgery.
John had heard him have a quiet conversation with Mrs Hudson, and could guess at the content when her scandalized, “It’s not right!!” had floated up the stairs to him.  It was a full five days before Sherlock returned, and another two days after that before John could look him in the eye.
Sherlock was real.  I only met him twice, but I could see how amazing his mind was, even if his manners left a few things to be desired.  John had told me how Sherlock had taken one look at him and been able to deduce almost everything about his life and his career, and he did exactly the same to me.  I contrived to bump into him outside a coffee shop, and he took one look at me and knew exactly who I was, and I mean
“I saw him first, I’ve just come from the garage.  Anderson wasn’t there, and I need to talk to him to know for sure if he’s the one.”
John knew Molly, in that he'd met her a couple of times at the morgue, but they weren't the great friends he portrays them as in this blog.  In the same way, DI Greg Lestrade isn't a personal friend, but the family liaison officer who stayed with John when they came to tell him what had happened.
“Oh yeah, I know Anderson, he’s a bit of a dick by all accounts.”  Sherlock raised his eyebrows; John was such a stickler for professionalism that Anderson must be bad if John had used that kind of language.
For the first time in what felt like years, Sherlock had time to himself - and he didn't know what to do with it.  He had no experiments on the go - there had been no time since before Xander had been born.  Lestrade hadn't asked for his help with a case except for that one time - and if he was honest, Sherlock didn't really want to leave the flat.  He carefully moved the coffee table over, and dragged his armchair nearer to the sofa, moving as quietly as he could so he didn't wake John or Xander.  Grabbing his laptop from the table, he settled down into his armchair, and began to research.
Sherlock took another step towards him, and John scooted round the desk, placing it between the two men.  “Look, just go, I’ll see what I can do to get you access to the files, okay, but we are not doing this.  It’s not right!”  He saw the momentary hurt in Sherlock’s eyes, before the emotional barriers came down again, and he turned and left the room without another word.  John sank into his chair and laid his head in his hands.  What the hell was he going to do? He couldn’t deny it any more, he was definitely attracted to this clever young man, and it seemed as if the attraction was mutual, but there were rules about this sort of thing! It was difficult enough trying to have a relationship with one of the other enlisted men, someone who was on an equal footing with John, but one of these troubled young men in a program John was in command of?  It was unthinkable, and to say morally questionable was an understatement.
The case was an interesting one, a client called to ask us to find a valuable diamond necklace that had gone missing over Christmas - she lived by herself, and no-one else had keys to her place.  We were pretty certain that was the case, as she'd just had new doors and windows fitted by a local double glazing firm.  But couldn't they have kept keys and broken in, you ask?  Well yes, that could have been the case, except the firm is a one-man business, and that one man spent Christmas in Tenerife with his wife's family.
Twenty-hundred hours: Sherlock knocked softly on John’s door, and without waiting for a response, pushed it open.  John looked up from his work and smiled, his eyes softening as he saw who it was.  Sherlock strode straight over to the desk, leaned over and kissed John hard.  John stood, grabbing Sherlock’s t-shirt in both fists and kissing him back.  He licked at the seam of Sherlock’s lips, demanding entry, which was granted, the kiss becoming more heated and passionate, until John reluctantly straightened, feathering kisses on Sherlock’s lips.
“Hmmm?” John asked, leaning back towards Sherlock again.  Sherlock raised his upper body from the desk slightly, enough to allow him to turn his head to face John.  His eyelids opened, revealing pale eyes with pupils blown wide open, focused directly on John’s own bright blue eyes.
“I missed you, John,” John could hear and feel the self-contempt in Sherlock’s voice; the great detective did not have feelings for other people, “and I couldn’t wait for you any longer.”
Sherlock continued, “Have a look at this crime scene picture as well, do you see the marks there, by the fridge?  It’s been pulled out regularly enough to mark the flooring, I’d suggest you see what’s behind it.”  Greg started to collect up the reports and photographs, tucking them back into the folder.  “Greg…” Lestrade stopped for a moment, looking at Sherlock.  “Thank you, I need this… Let me know if there’s anything else you need me to look at.  Obviously I might need to wait until Xander’s a bit bigger before I come out to any more crime scenes… At least until John’s back home…” He bit his lip, as though worried that John might not make it back at all.
“This is your thief,” John said to Lestrade, “and you can add assault to the charges.”  He indicated Sherlock, who had managed to sit up, but was still on the floor, his throat red and angry looking, breath wheezing.
“So that’s it then?” asked John.  “We tell them the victims all went clubbing at the same place, and then we go home?  That’s not like you, Sherlock.”
“I’m sorry, what?”  John wasn’t sure what the question had to do with the price of fish; it certainly didn’t seem to bear any relevance to any other conversation that had been going on, and now the man wasn’t even looking in his direction, but typing rapidly on a computer.  John couldn’t help feeling more than a little confused.
The boys are avoiding each other in the aftermath of The Kiss. John does a favour for one of Mrs Turner's married ones which results in him being injured... and brings some things to a head.
Twenty minutes later, and John was leaving the flat.  He started to walk to the Tube station, glancing at the reflections in the windows of the buildings he passed as he walked.  A few minutes later, he saw what he was looking for – Sherlock, skulking along behind him, trying his best to be unobtrusive but so anxious to stay with John that he was not doing a good job.  John smiled a little to himself; it was typical of Sherlock to try to manipulate the situation to his own ends.  John was so caught up in surreptitiously watching Sherlock that he almost missed what was happening right in front of him.  There was a short scuffle and suddenly a woman was shouting “stop him, he’s got my handbag!”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.  Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”  John was even more confused now, he hadn’t said anything at all about looking for a flatmate… Oh, Mike must have mentioned it in the text he had sent earlier.  John turned to Mike to confirm his suspicions.
“This… “gentleman”… needs to have a medical for his work, Dr Watson, and I’m just explaining to him that he needs to book an appointment,” replied the dragon, through gritted teeth.  Sherlock waited to see if Dr Watson would react in the way he thought he should.  “Are there any more patients waiting to be seen?” Dr Watson enquired.  “Not any more,” the dragon muttered.  “I have some time free, why don’t I see… Mr Holmes, was it?  Make life easier for everyone,” the doctor smiled.  “Well if you’re sure, Doctor?”  The dragon turned back to the Sherlock and it seemed Dr Watson had upset her by taking Sherlock’s side; Sherlock didn’t know why, since it was obvious to anyone with any wits that Sherlock was in the right.  “If you’d like to follow the Doctor…” she said, hanging on to civility by the tiniest thread.
Jilly had finished licking up the scraps of chicken from the floor, and was now sitting by the door to the flat, whining a little in the back of her throat.  She looked back over her shoulder at John, and whined again.  “Oh god, she needs to go out, Sherlock, what do I do now?  I can’t really take her for walkies like this, can I?!”  John walked through to the kitchen, and encouraging Jilly to follow him, led her through to the bathroom.  She scrabbled awkwardly on all fours, her neck bent at an awkward angle, but eventually managed to follow him inside.  About fifteen minutes later, John returned, with Jilly following along behind, looking much more relieved.
John turned to look at what was happening, and was nearly knocked over by a skinny young man in dirty jeans and a hoodie, running past holding a large brown leather handbag.  John took a moment to assess the situation, then turned and set off in pursuit of the skinny youth.  It only took a few steps before he was within reach, and he rugby tackled the thief to the ground.  The woman came running up behind him, babbling her thanks to John.
“It was a few weeks before Mycroft could get me safely out of the country to start with, so I collected the flowers myself because they were proof to me that you were still breathing, that you hadn’t given up.  They were proof that it had been worth it, that I had kept you safe.  Once I was… away… one of Mycroft’s minions used to collect them for me, and send them on.  Some places I went to I received a parcel regularly, with your flowers in.  Other places were harder to get packages to me, and I’d receive one, then nothing for weeks on end.  I never let anyone else remove the petals; that was always my task.  I could imagine your fingers brushing each one, and it made me feel closer to you, as though I was touching something you had just handed to me…” He trailed off, slowly opening his eyes to look at the myriad colours in the box before him.
Twenty-hundred hours: John sat back in his chair, taking a sip of whisky, and reflecting on the day.  Sherlock had been like a different person, he had managed to refrain from insulting anyone, and while his attitude hadn’t exactly been helpful, the disdainful hostility had almost gone.  John knew he couldn’t ask for much more, and was just congratulating himself on how well his idea seemed to be working when his door slammed open and Sherlock himself walked in, causing John to splutter on his whisky.  “I need the enlisted men’s files,” he said, with no preamble.
John and Sherlock start to get used to life with each other, and both find themselves mysteriously drawn to the other...
“Oh, I see,” he said softly, “you thought you were going to be directing things this evening, did you?”  John rubbed his hand over the black fabric of Sherlock’s tight fitting underwear, before smacking the plump buttock with a loud crack! that made Sherlock gasp and moan and arch his back to push his arse into the air.  John grinned, and tugged Sherlock’s underwear down past the swell of his buttocks.  Keeping one hand firmly on the small of Sherlock’s back, John rubbed his fingers along the crease of Sherlock’s arse, raising his eyebrows when he discovered Sherlock was already well lubricated and open for him.  John slid two fingers inside Sherlock’s warm hole, listening to the filthy sounds coming from Sherlock’s lips as he tried to push himself further onto John’s fingers.
John turned around to where he knew Sherlock was watching him, and cocked his head, arms folded.  Sherlock came forward, a little sheepishly, to stand in front of John.  “Well?” John asked.  “Are you satisfied that I haven’t turned into a useless Omega wimp just because we’re bonded?  Can I go to work without you following me now?”
“I think we need to try this out, Sherlock, what do you say?” John looked over at Sherlock, who had been watching him intently.  Sherlock stood, the bath towel falling off his back once more.  “Why are you wearing a towel, Sherlock?  Is it because you’re naked?”
“What are you going to be doing while I’m over here being bait?”  John was used to this kind of plan, he just hoped that Sherlock wouldn’t get too far ahead of him this time, the outfit he had only didn’t really leave much room for anything useful, such as a first aid kit, loaded weapon or contingent of armed back up from the Met…  He had only just got room for his wallet and phone, so he took a moment or two to send a quick text message to Greg, warning him of what they were up to and where, in case he needed to send help urgently.  Once it had sent, he composed another message, short and sweet: “SEND BACK UP NOW!!” which he kept in the text window without sending.  He figured that it wouldn’t take a moment to send without distracting him from whatever was going on that he might need backup for.
“Please…” Sherlock moaned, eyes squeezed shut and breath coming fast.  John slid his hand round to the front of Sherlock’s trousers and popped the button open.  He slipped his hand just inside Sherlock’s waistband, fingers brushing over Sherlock’s hot skin, making his breath catch.  Sherlock moaned again, thrusting his hips back against John’s groin.  Slowly, John dragged Sherlock’s zip down, spreading the two halves of the fabric, then yanked the trousers down to Sherlock’s knees.  A small bottle fell from Sherlock’s pocket, and John turned his head quickly to see what it was.  He picked up the little bottle, smiling when he saw it was lube.
Sherlock’s nights consisted of catching some sleep on the bed with Xander tucked up closely beside him (instead of in his brand new cot, as agreed with John), and walking blearily round the kitchen jiggling a crying baby while waiting for his bottle to warm.  No more staying up for days at a time until the early hours and then crashing into bed; instead, Sherlock was continuously exhausted.  Days followed a similar routine, with the added stress of a trip across London to the hospital so John could see baby Alex and scent Sherlock’s pheromones.  Mycroft had offered to put Sherlock up in a hotel close to the hospital, but he had refused, on the basis that there were too many experiments that needed his attention.  In actuality, Sherlock was feeling more unsettled than he had ever felt; having a small infant to look after and no mate to help was a difficult situation for him and being in his own flat gave Sherlock a little feeling of comfort.  Mycroft had smiled privately at this, suspecting that Sherlock would have very little time to do anything with his experiments except watch Mrs Hudson as she disposed of their remains, but had simply offered his brother any help that Sherlock thought he might need.
“I may have the answer…” John explained his idea, and Sherlock managed to keep quiet long enough to let him.  “So I can have access to everything I need to investigate?  I can interview the others?”  John nodded, smiling.  “When can I start?”  John’s face became serious.  “You still have an obligation to fulfil your court mandated sentence, but I’m prepared to give you two hours each afternoon.  You obviously don’t need the kind of therapy the others do, so there’s no point in forcing you to do it; it’ll just make you worse, right?”  Sherlock smiled sheepishly.  “Then I can spare you for a couple of hours, BUT… You have to stay out of trouble, okay?  The first time I hear you’re giving anyone any lip, I’ll pull you off the investigation so fast your head will spin!”
Sherlock had explained his conclusions, which didn’t help in the slightest; John and the Yarders still couldn’t understand why having a pair of tight leather trousers and a sheer black shirt meant Simon Eltisley had been a regular attendant at Mungo’s.  Sherlock rolled his eyes, making a disparaging remark about the number and efficacy of the brain cells collectively powering the Yard, and dragged John off to the nearest main road, where he magically summoned up a black cab.
“Well I’ve never had an examination like that, Doctor, I like your technique!  I’m interested in medicine, human anatomy.. Perhaps you’d consider taking me on as a private pupil, so I could learn it myself?  You wouldn’t mind being a volunteer patient for me, would you?”
Just for the sake of clarity, Sherlock calls Alexander Xander, while John calls him Alex.  They are the same person!
“I’m sorry Sherlock,” John said, picking petals from his clothes and dropping them in the box.  He crammed the lid on the box again, dropping it to one side, and shoved his arm back under the bed.  “I’m still trying to find it, I won’t be a tick!”
After a quick phone call, John lead Sherlock to one of the training rooms where Anderson was sitting, going through a pile of papers.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street.”  He gave a funny click and wink, looked at Mike and said, “afternoon,” then left.
“I felt so down, I’d lost a wife and a baby in one fell swoop, and I was living here with you and didn’t know I could ever be happy again… If I had known how you felt, I’d have had something to live for, something to lift my life… I’m not saying I’d have jumped into your arms, of course not, I needed time to grieve for what I lost, but I’d have had something there… Do you understand what I’m saying, Sherlock?”
In the aftermath of John's heat, Sherlock has a number of realisations that he's not prepared for... and John finds Sherlock's protective Alpha instincts kicking in...
Simon smiled good naturedly, and said, “Well it was worth a try, you can’t blame me, can you?  How about a kiss instead, and we’ll call it done?”
John snapped the gloves on, trying and failing to be unobtrusive about it, proof being the sharp hiss of indrawn breath coming from Sherlock.  “I’m just going to take your blood pressure, I’ll need you to slip  your shirt off so I can put this cuff around your bicep, if that’s okay?” he said, moving quietly and confidently.  Sherlock unbuttoned the shirt, revealing his pale skin beneath.  John wondered whether that blood test was still a good idea, but to check for anaemia instead of drugs; surely nobody had such perfect alabaster skin in these days of tanning beds and fake bake?  Sherlock’s breathing was still rapid, but otherwise he seemed relatively calm, sitting with eyes shut and allowing John to manipulate his arm to get the cuff on.  The cuff was quickly inflated and the pressure taken with no further problems.  John moved through the rest of the examination quietly, explaining at every stage what he was doing and why.  He began to notice that each time he touched Sherlock’s bare skin with his gloved hands, Sherlock reacted.  “Sherlock,” he began, “are you okay with the medical procedures I’m doing?  I’ve noticed you seem a little… anxious… when I touch you?”  Sherlock seemed to take a moment to compose himself, then answered “I’m fine, Doctor, please… Carry on.”
“It changes every week,” the bartender answered, while grabbing a couple of bottles of flavoured cider for the next customer.  “The DJ announces when the next night will be at the end of his set, it’s a bit of a ploy to get people to stay drinking later then they might have otherwise.”
“Of course,” he thought wryly “if they weren’t misguided, they wouldn’t be here in the first place!”  He turned the corner, approaching the door, and stopped abruptly.  The door was already ajar.
“Hello John, what are you doing with Jilly?”  At the mention of her name, Jilly jumped up, headed off down the street towards Mrs Hudson, and started snuffling in amongst her bags.  John found himself pulled along the street, rapidly heading back in the direction they had just come from.  Mrs Hudson gave Jilly a good fuss before saying goodbye to John as she entered number 221.  John found that once the dog was moving, she seemed quite happy to carry on going, so he herded her in the direction of the park.  The first hour or so was good fun, the two of them walked round the park at a fairly quick pace, and John found that trying to keep control of the big dog meant that he didn’t have enough time to start thinking and worrying.  He was just considering turning and heading back to Baker Street, when a small Jack Russell ran across the park in front of Jilly, and she was off like a shot after it.  John was immediately jerked off his feet, landing flat on his face on the grass behind her, his hand still through the loop of the lead.  It slowed her down a little, but not much; she dragged John off across the slippery grass, with him shouting her to stop as they went.  Something snagged on his jeans, and ripped a large gash in the material, exposing his muscular thigh and knee, which soon became stained green from the grass.  John was just thankful that he’d put a belt on with his jeans, or they might have come off altogether.  Jilly was moving so fast that John was unable to get his feet underneath him, so resigned himself to being dragged round the park, hoping a rip in his jeans was the worst he would have to suffer.
“Oh fuck…” he groaned, as he saw the disarray of his pyjamas and realised he must have climaxed in the night.  He was perversely impressed with the spread of semen; he reasoned it must have been a huge orgasm to have covered him so completely, and he was both surprised it hadn’t woken him and a little disappointed that he didn’t remember whatever had triggered it.  He showered efficiently and dressed, heading to the lads’ dormitory at oh-six-hundred as usual.  As the door banged open, heads and feet began appearing from under their blankets; all except Sherlock, who was sound asleep for the first morning since arriving.  As John called his usual reminder to the occupants of the dormitory, Sherlock roused and sat up, but would not look John in the eye, instead flushing pink and gazing down at the floor.  John thought it a little strange, but not as strange as his own desire to see those pale eyes looking back at him….
“Even then,” John replied evenly.  Sherlock handed over the outfit he actually wanted John to wear – a tight pair of black jeans that would hug his arse, and a plain white t-shirt.  A form-fitting black leather jacket finished the ensemble, and a pair of black biker boots bought the look together.  As John finished dressing and came out of the cubicle, Rob made an appreciative noise, and started to smooth down the fabric wherever he thought he could get away with it.  John slapped away his hands, as Sherlock swallowed; John looked even better than he had thought he would.
“Please… Sir…” Sherlock said, his voice rough with arousal, and he rolled his hips, grinding his arse against John’s throbbing cock.  John sucked in a breath of air and hissed loudly.  He grabbed the bottom of Sherlock’s olive green t-shirt and pulled it from the camouflage trousers, pulling it up over his pinned arms.  Both men knew that Sherlock was more than capable of freeing himself if he should choose to, but the illusion of Sherlock’s helplessness ramped up both mens’ arousal…
“Sherlock, I found this and…” John’s voice shocked Sherlock’s eyes open, as he shoved open the door and entered the room.  Sherlock suddenly realised he hadn’t locked the door, and he was standing in front of the Captain with his cock in his hand, moments away from an orgasm.  He let out a strangled squeak, and turned his back, desperately trying to stuff his cock back into his underwear and to do his trousers up, but he was so aroused, so
John smiled ruefully, the bruise from his phone had lasted a good couple of weeks, turning various shades of purple, green and yellow before finally fading.  “So what do we do now?” he asked, taking hold of Sherlock’s hand.  “I love you Sherlock, but I don’t want to rush into this, it’s too important to get wrong.”
Sherlock was enjoying himself far too much to worry about what was going on around him, and when Mrs Hudson stopped with a “well I have to be getting on, I have biscuits in the oven,” he actually whined.  “Never mind Jilly, Daddy will be back soon, and look, I’ve got a treat for you!” and she fished in her pocket, pulling out a doggy biscuit, which she offered to Jilly.  Sherlock glared at John, who was wheezing with laughter in the corner, and delicately took the offending biscuit from Mrs Hudson, crunching it up then rushing to the water bowl in the corner to gulp up as much as he could, to get rid of the taste, John presumed.
John felt the remaining traces of Sherlock’s panic dissipate.  He knew he wasn’t being told the whole story, but he also knew it was better to let Sherlock come to him in his own time, rather than push him to get the truth.  He grabbed a tea tray then ran the hottest water he could stand and scrubbed at a couple of cups, glasses, side plates and a knife – he didn’t trust that they had remained clean since the last time he’d got stuck with the washing up.
Sherlock’s movement and words unlocked the realisation in John’s brain – Sherlock wanted him back! “Yes, oh god yes,” said John, one had moving up to grip Sherlock’s hair, while the other pulled the purple shirt he loved out of Sherlock’s trousers and finally touched his skin.  Sherlock scrabbled frantically at John’s underwear, grabbing his cock in his large hand and stroking.  John threw his head back, eyes closing automatically as a groan left his throat, and his hand returned to Sherlock’s trousers, undoing the button and zip to free his cock.  He took Sherlock in his hand, gripping firmly, and they both began to pump their hips, cocks sliding in the firm grip of each other’s hands.  The kisses became even more frantic, until with a sharp cry, Sherlock spilled over John’s hand, his thigh and his shirt.  The sight of his face, eyes screwed tightly shut and mouth open was enough to push John over the edge, and he followed Sherlock into orgasm, coating his expensive trousers with his seed.
Two hours later, Xander was fast asleep in Greg’s arms and Sherlock had the contents of the file spread all around him on the floor.  Greg stood up, needing to stretch his legs, and Sherlock was immediately on his feet, almost growling at Greg.  The detective inspector stopped dead, holding one hand up to Sherlock, and said “Sherlock, it’s okay mate, I’m just stretching my legs… But since you’re up anyway, can you take him for a moment so I can nip to the loo?”  Sherlock took his son carefully in his arms, bringing him up close so he could scent the baby again, rubbing his nose on the soft cheeks to cover Xander in his own scent.  Greg had been very careful not to touch the baby any more than he had to; he had tried to keep his own scent on the child and his clothes to a minimum.
“Jilly, sit, stay!” he hissed at her.  He had just managed to get the door shut behind her when the door to the flat opened and Mrs Hudson stepped inside.
John swallowed hard at that, it was all very well deciding to say yes to everything that was asked of him, but that was a very intimate thing to be asked.  He drew in a deep breath, and said, “Yes.”  Simon immediately grabbed his lapels, dragged him forward from his seat at the bar, and planted his lips on John’s.  There was a moment of shocked surprise from John, and then he almost immediately found himself responding.  Simon’s lips were so different from Mary’s; John had put off getting himself back out into the dating world because he didn’t want to be reminded of the disaster his marriage had been, but Simon was definitely male.  He had a little stubble around his mouth that John could feel rubbing on his skin, and his scent was very masculine indeed.  John recognised it as the same aftershave he himself wore, and there was something… intriguing about it.  He closed his eyes and started to lean into the kiss, and was suddenly dragged off the stool backwards by an angry Sherlock, whose eyes were glaring daggers at Simon.
“It looks like it’s in good nick, was it expensive?” Sherlock offered, tilting his head to one side.
The stress of the morning’s argument with Sherlock had accelerated his labour enough that only fifteen minutes after his arrival at the hospital, John could no longer resist the urge to push.  The room was filling up with Beta staff; two obstetricians and a paediatrician, as well as Mary and another midwife.  Trays of sterile equipment were being ripped open, and urgent phone calls were being made for blood to be sent up to the room.
As for the smuggling ring, he didn't solve it in the end, DI Lestrade did.  He remembered one of the witnesses had bought some Belgian chocolates from a small farm shop, and they weren't a brand she knew.  When Greg went to ask the shop owner about the chocolates, it turned out that the smugglers were bringing those in too, along with the alcohol and tobacco.  Greg managed to catch them red-handed with a lorry load of stuff in the yard, and as you can imagine, Sherlock was not best pleased.  I've threatened to get his mum down to look after him if he doesn't stop sighing.
The small blonde midwife, Mary, held his hand and blotted his forehead with a dampened flannel.  The room was almost uncomfortably warm, kept that way on purpose for the newborn infants.  “Come on John, you’re doing really well, that’s it!”  She didn’t understand why John’s Alpha was sitting outside in an office when he should be in the birthing suite, helping his Omega bring their child into the world, but John had been insistent, as had the besuited man currently scribbling away on some old scraps of paper Mary had managed to scrounge up for him.
“Greg?” he asked, in a sleepy voice.  He sat up carefully, supporting Xander’s head, eyes flicking to the file Greg held in his hand.
That was a strange realisation; after only three days, John had started to think of himself and Sherlock as a couple, and his bed as theirs.  He wondered when that had happened, as he padded down the stairs to the kitchen, yawning as he went, and flicked the kettle on.  Absentmindedly he took down a couple of cups from the cupboard, and started to prepare the tea, considering the events of the last few days.  Could he and Sherlock be bonded?  How?  He was sure they hadn’t completed the bonding ritual, but if he thought about it, he realised that he didn’t entirely recall the last three days, apart from the
Probably just as well really, considering Sherlock deduced that he's been organising a dog-fighting ring in Camden, and as Molly is a dedicated animal lover it was never going to work… especially not after Sherlock tipped off Greg and everyone involved got arrested… Just one more public service for you…
John swallowed hard at the images this question brought up in his mind, then stepped forward, hooking one finger under the bottom edge of those tight trunks, and tugged.  “These will have to come off,” he said quietly.  Sherlock stood and quickly stripped off the trunks, giving John a good look at his cock for the first time.  It was a beautiful sight, long and thick, with a neatly trimmed nest of dark hair at its base.  John glanced over to check the window blinds were closed, and tried the door handle to make sure it was locked – it was standard procedure during this type of examination, to ensure the patient wasn’t embarrassed by anyone randomly walking in, but you couldn’t be too careful, he decided.  Sure enough, the door was locked, a reflex action he didn’t even remember performing.
"Sherlock? Love?"  The curly head snapped up and Sherlock shot across the room to kneel at John's side.
John knew he was young to be running this sort of camp, only a few years older than the oldest of the 18-25 year olds he was in charge of, but that was precisely why he’d been put in charge.  His commanding officer believed he’d be able to relate to the lads better than the Sergeant Major who’d been in charge up until his retirement last year, and besides, John needed somewhere to finish recuperating after he’d been shot during his last tour in Afghanistan.  The duty wasn’t terribly onerous, and helping these troubled young men appealed to him, fitting well with his caring medical background.
John stood in the centre of the living room, staring blankly through the kitchen, in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom.  What had he done?  He knew Sherlock was not very experienced sexually, and he had just snogged the face off the man.  He’d probably frightened the life out of him, and now Sherlock had run for it, escaping to his bedroom – what if he told John to leave?  How could he fix this?
“Well Sherlock,” he said, “We’ve finished the medical, but I wonder if we shouldn’t just do a couple of extra tests while I have you here, to save you needing to come back another time?”
“Do you have time to hold him now, or do you have to go and spank the Americans?” Sherlock asked with a grin.  Mycroft’s only response was to step closer and gently lift the sleeping child from his bed.  A look of wonder briefly crossed his face, and then the stoic politician was back.
Bonding is a two-part process, it takes both the sex and the bite for a bond to fully establish.  Sex on its own doesn't trigger any part of the bonding process, but a bite on the bonding gland primes the way, if you like.
“Hmm… Nice figure, John, you’ve got some lovely muscles under here, why do you keep hiding them behind those baggy jumpers?”  Sherlock smirked at Rob’s words, and John could see from the glint in his eyes that he agreed with Rob.  It was a conversation they had had on a few occasions, mostly when Sherlock was trying to distract John from the results of another failed jumper experiment.
Sherlock and John wandered out of the shopping centre, heading back towards the Old Town.  John had just introduced Sherlock to the delights of cherry hot chocolate – a hot chocolate drink so thick it was as though a bar of chocolate had just been melted into a glass.  It was served in a martini glass, with a shot of green cherry syrup in the bottom, and it was the best thing Sherlock had ever tasted.
John shoved his arm as far under Sherlock’s bed as he could, searching for the book he had been told was under there.  He stretched out his arm, fingertips grasping, and bumped up against a shoebox.  Curious, he tucked his fingers under the lid, arm stretched out to its limit, and for a moment thought he had only succeeded in pushing it further under.  Suddenly one of his nails caught, and he felt the box slide a little way towards him.
He began to lift the lid from the box.  It was a little stiff, so the first thing that hit him was the smell; it was sweet and floral, but with an undercurrent of something.  John wasn’t sure quite what it was, but it reminded him of the junction between the old town and the new town in Tallinn, right up against the old city wall.  He had spent a couple of weeks there on leave once, and had fallen in love with the city, returning whenever he had the chance.  It had been a beautiful spot to watch people from, with a small green space raised above the street providing somewhere to sit, and only a slight turn of the head needed to take you from the modern neon and tower blocks to the beautiful old cobbled stone streets, small and winding with traditional buildings lining them.  John had spent many happy hours there, buying English language novels from the small bookshop across the street, enjoying the feel of the sun on his face and the cooling breeze that differentiated it from the dirt and dust of Afghanistan.
Sherlock didn’t know what he was going to do if his willpower failed him and he gave in to his carnal urges – and it looked more and more like that was a possibility.  John was the only person who had made it past a week as his flatmate, and Sherlock couldn’t imagine what life would be like without him.
“Come now Sherlock, I couldn’t have my nephew bonding with a member of staff now, could I?  And frankly, what with the American situation, I didn’t have time to do it myself…” Sherlock knew that despite Mycroft’s apparently disinterested tone, he had fought fiercely to protect the rights of both John and his unborn child; to do what was best for his baby brother’s family.
“I’m just going to take your blood pressure, I’ll need you to slip your shirt off so I can put this cuff around your bicep, if that’s okay?”  Dr Watson said, in a voice designed to calm and reassure patients who were scared of the doctor.  Sherlock obliged, unbuttoning his shirt and slowly revealing his perfect skin.  His chest was surprisingly muscular, but it was a lean strength; no posing in front of the mirrors at the gym for Sherlock, rather the everyday exercise of chasing criminals, climbing buildings and whipping corpses.  Sherlock stayed perfectly still, closed his eyes and began to enjoy the sensations of Dr Watson gently taking his arm and wrapping the blood pressure cuff around it, inflating it, and measuring his blood pressure.  As he began to move through the examination, Sherlock deliberately reacted to every touch of the gloved hand, but it didn’t take long for his body to catch on to what his mind was trying to achieve, and the reactions became involuntary – not because of the latex, as he knew Dr Watson was beginning to suspect, but because the hand inside was Dr Watson’s.
Thursday afternoon saw John slowly and carefully climbing the stairs to flat B, with Mrs Hudson fluttering nervously above with baby Alex in her arms as Sherlock hovered behind him.  John was determined to get up the stairs under his own steam, but as it turned out, he only made it about halfway up before he had to give in and accept help from Sherlock.  With his nose buried in the crook of Sherlock's neck, his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and Sherlock's strong arm around John's waist, the pair made it safely up the rest of the stairs to the sofa.  John honestly didn't think he had it in him to make it any further into the flat, not even into their bedroom, despite it being on the same floor as the sofa.
It's been a horrible week, this week.  After solving the Magpie Theft case last week, it took Sherlock all of three hours to declare he was terribly bored and needed a new case.  When I pointed out he'd just solved one, and couldn't he find something else to do instead, he destroyed one of each pair of socks I own, claiming it was an experiment.  I'm not sure why he only ever experiments on my clothes and not his own…
There were always plenty of horny servicemen looking for love… or a reasonable facsimile of it, anyway.  John had tried going to them for help when his faux-heats came, but none of them were ever willing to go through it with him.  There was something about John that had put them off; a scent, or a feeling, nobody was ever really sure, just sure enough to turn him down and leave him with a frustrating and indefinable ache.  John sometimes felt resentful about it; his mouth was fine for a quick blowjob behind the mess tent when one of them had had a near miss and wanted to reaffirm his vitality, but nobody was ever willing to put themselves out on John’s behalf.  He’d managed to curb that feeling most of them time, it was a slippery slope from that kind of resentment to deciding that if they weren’t willing to help a guy out, then neither were you… and given John was a doctor, it would amount to professional suicide.
As John followed Sherlock across the dance floor of the club, he started to reflect on exactly how he’d gotten into this situation.  It had started the day before, when Lestrade had called them in on a case; three bodies had been discovered, one on each of the preceding three days, and the Yard had come up against a dead end as far as the investigation was concerned.  Sherlock had spent some time examining all of the crime scenes, roundly berating Anderson for everything he had missed, including the vital piece of evidence as far as Sherlock was concerned – a faded but still legible UV stamp on the hand of one of the men that indicated he had been to a club the night he had died.  One of the other men had a coaster from the same club on his coffee table, and when Sherlock examined the third man’s wardrobe, he declared unequivocally that it was obvious – to him, at any rate, although neither John nor any of the Yarders could see it – the man had attended the same club, and had in fact been something of a regular there.
Twenty-hundred hours: With all the lads safely tucked up in their beds, John sat back in his chair, glass of whiskey in one hand, and the reader’s file in the other.  At least now he knew who the ridiculous name belonged to.  He scanned through the biographical information; Sherlock William Scott Holmes, 24.  Parents both deceased, car accident 12 years ago, raised by older brother with the even more ridiculous name of Mycroft Holmes, who was a minor official in the British Government, whatever that meant.  Educated at six, no seven different boarding schools in three years, he’d left school at the earliest possible opportunity, then come to the attention of the courts for a number of different offences; trespass, breaking and entering, and on one memorable occasion, attempted theft of a human body part from a hospital morgue.  John flicked to the reports from the various schools, without fail they said the same thing: “Sherlock is a gifted student, but is easily bored.”  “Sherlock has a brilliant analytical mind, but needs to learn to respect authority.”  “Sherlock needs more stimulation than we are able to give him.”
“How about Alexander, after your father?”  John’s eyes misted up a little, and he nodded, not trusting himself to speak.
John sighed, and slammed open the door to the dormitory, stepping smartly out of the way as it bounced loudly off the wall, startling the 12 young men he had observed sleeping in various poses in the camp beds arranged along each side of the barracks.  John’s head swung back, and he reassessed the situation.  11 young men sleeping, one lounging indolently on his camp bed, reading… something in Latin, by the look of it, and he hadn’t moved a muscle when the door had slammed.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
John’s hands tugged roughly at Sherlock’s hips, lifting them from the desk and giving him access to the button and zip at his fly.  He pulled at the coarse fabric, hearing the button pop loose and ping across the room.  One sharp tug saw Sherlock’s trousers bunching around his knees, the tight black fabric of his underwear snug around the plump cheeks of his arse.  John ran one hand appreciatively over the stretched fabric, then abruptly grabbed the waistband and yanked it all the way down, exposing Sherlock’s skin.  He felt the younger man shiver despite the warmth of the room, and knew it was the excitement of exposure.  John stepped back a couple of paces, leaving Sherlock bent over the desk, that delectable arse on display to the world.  Using his booted foot, he spread Sherlock’s legs apart until the trousers around his knees stopped them moving any further.  John could see a glimpse of the dark shadow between Sherlock’s buttocks, and after what felt like an interminable age he stepped forwards again.  John rubbed his hand roughly along the cleft as Sherlock moaned, arching his back like a cat, and pushed himself back onto John’s hand.
“Look mate, I need to get going, I’ve got an early meeting tomorrow.  Do you want to share the cab back?  I’ll be going past Baker Street on the way home, so it’s no trouble…” John slurred something Greg chose to interpret as a yes, and between the two of them they managed to get him out of the pub and into the taxi.  A few very long minutes passed as Greg desperately hoped John wouldn’t vomit on him, but eventually they arrived at Baker Street.  Greg asked the cab to wait for him while he helped John extricate his keys from his pocket and get the door open.  They staggered up the stairs and into the flat, where John collapsed in a snoring heap, facedown on the sofa.  Sherlock looked up from his experiment, his favourite blue dressing gown round his shoulders, goggles pushing his curls into a wild halo around his head, and a look of absolute shock on his face.  Greg moved into the kitchen, coming to stand next to Sherlock and speaking quietly, despite the fact that John was oblivious to the world and would remain so for some hours to come.
When he felt a little better, John picked up the mobile, and saw he had a message from Mark, stating that he and his husband had been delayed, but if it was okay with John and Sherlock, he’d collect Jilly the following morning.  John fired back a quick message saying that was fine, and collapsed back to the sofa once more.
Sherlock feigned interest, allowing him to chatter on until there was an appropriate moment to interrupt.
The place was an absolute tip, boxes of stuff everywhere, piles of papers, odd objets d'art - none of it mine - but it felt like home in a way the bedsit never ever had, and I'd been living there for four months.  The icing on the cake though was when he dragged me out on a case - the serial suicides that were all over the papers because of that MP - and cured me of a psychosomatic limp.  To go from hobbling around like an old man to chasing criminals all around London in the space of a couple of hours was incredible, and I was hooked on Sherlock Holmes from that moment on.
It had occurred to Sherlock that they still didn't know why he and John had bonded, and now that he had some time to himself, Sherlock decided it was time to find out.  He started by looking for articles about bonding generally, how the process worked, what the biological and chemical processes were.  The first round of Googling threw up any number of insipid articles from magazines and websites for Omegas that Sherlock threw his hands up in despair.  He amended the search terms so he was only searching scholarly articles, and once he'd selected a few dozen likely looking ones, he settled down to read.
“Sherlock, you said you’ve never had a prostate exam before, so I’m going to go slowly, it can feel a little invasive.”  Sherlock closed his eyes to enjoy the stimulation without distraction, and found his hips moving involuntarily, following the push and release of the doctor’s finger as he pressed Sherlock's anus.  “Okay, deep breath,” the doctor said, and slowly slid his finger through the ring of tight muscle.  The feeling was exquisite.  Sherlock had, on occasion, been with partners who were too excited to prepare him properly, and while pain could be pleasurable under certain circumstances, this was better.  He let out a low moan, and felt the finger retreat, then push forward, deeper.  Sherlock slipped his hand between his thighs, taking his hard shaft in a firm grip, and starting to stroke in the same rhythm as the doctor’s finger moving in and out of him.  Some distant part of him was aware of the doctor adjusting his trousers; Sherlock knew he was enjoying the examination as much as his patient, but for Sherlock the only things registering on a conscious level were the pleasurable sensations centred around his arse and his cock.
Oh-five-hundred hours:  John snapped awake, and shoved back the blankets, looking down at his chest as he became aware of the tight skin there.
Sherlock snorted, “I would have thought that was obvious John!  I told you the man we were looking for was a repressed homosexual, yet it was obvious that man you were kissing had had at least two long term relationships with men, and a fair number of one night stands as well, a number you were not far from increasing at the rate you were going!”
.”  He firmly removed his wrist from Sherlock’s hand, and gave him a gentle smile.  “Army doctor, remember?”  He turned away and walked to his bedroom to grab some clean clothes, then headed for the shower.
Sherlock felt it was only fair to warn him, “Fuck!” he breathed, “I won’t be long!”  As though urging him to his release, Dr Watson rolled his tongue around the sensitive bumps on the underside of the glans, and sucked hard, taking Sherlock’s cock deep into his mouth, until Sherlock could feel the head of his cock nudging the back of the doctor’s throat.  The boiling coil in his belly spilled over, and he felt the spasm from the root of his cock all the way to the end, felt his come pouring out of him for what seemed like hours, felt the doctor swallowing it all down.  At the same time, Sherlock felt the muscles in his arse spasm around Dr Watson’s clever fingers, which served only to extend his orgasm.  Finally he finished, and tried to catch his breath, as the doctor sat back on his heels and tried to catch his own.
Mrs Hudson shook her head, said goodbye to John, and made her way downstairs.  John went through to let Jilly out of Sherlock’s bedroom, and found her curled up in the middle of Sherlock’s bed.  He couldn’t help a grin when he saw that she had drooled all over his pillow.
Mrs Hudson had popped upstairs for another visit on the third day Xander had been home, and was shocked when Sherlock thrust him at her, almost in tears, and babbling that he couldn’t do it, that he didn’t know how to be a father, that she should take Xander away and let someone else look after him.  Mrs Hudson had taken one look at them both, picked up Xander and sent Sherlock off to bed for a solid 8 hours of sleep.  After that, she made a point of coming up to visit at least twice a day.  She came first thing in the morning as Sherlock was getting up, and insisted on taking the baby for cuddles and feeding him, and she came back around teatime, insisting she had cooked too much again, and asking Sherlock if he would do her a favour and eat the excess.  They both pretended her visits were purely for her own benefit, rather than to give Sherlock time for a shower and a hot meal every day.  Sherlock still felt overwhelmed, caring for their newborn son by himself, but he struggled a little less with Mrs Hudson’s help.
Since then, Sherlock had been alone.  He’d had company in the sense of having people in his life, such as the gruff Alpha DI Lestrade, who was not as clever as Sherlock but still clever enough to know not to challenge him about the deductions he made.  Then there was Molly, the pathologist at Bart’s, who Sherlock knew carried a torch for him despite him rebuffing several of her advances in a way that even she couldn’t misinterpret.
“That depends,” she smirked, “how many of them have you eyed up so far?  I’d have thought the one you brought with you was enough, but what would I know?  I’m a ladies' girl!”  She winked at him as she set his pint down on top of the bar and moved to grab a wine glass.
“I popped in to see John this morning, before I came here, he seemed to think he might be allowed home by the end of the week,” Lestrade said, stuffing photographs and papers into the file again.  Sherlock’s face seemed to fall a little.  “That’s good news, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
“Yes,” breathed John, and immediately Sherlock knelt up, hands rising to gently grasp John’s face as their lips met.  Sherlock clambered up onto the sofa next to John without disengaging their lips, both kissing the other frantically.  They pressed towards each other, hips meeting and grinding their cocks together, Sherlock’s just as hard as John’s.  John’s hands gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling them roughly towards John’s, as though he were trying to combine the two bodies as one.
“Well…. No, I suppose not, unless he just came in every night..?” the girl replied, her head on one side.  Sherlock was already scanning the room again, so John grinned apologetically and raised his pint in a kind of salute, as the bartender was already moving off down to another customer at the other end of the bar.  She smiled and waved him off as she took the customer’s order.
Sherlock himself had begun refusing cases from Lestrade, and only accepting the ones from the website that he could solve without needing to leave the flat, or indeed to let clients visit.  The only people allowed into the flat were Mrs Hudson and Mike Stamford, although Mike was only allowed in to conduct John’s antenatal check-ups and then very firmly escorted from the premises.  Mycroft had attempted to visit, but as he was an Alpha, Sherlock’s response had been to stand blocking the bottom of the stairs and growl fiercely until Mycroft had gracefully raised his hands and left.
John pushed the plate back in Sherlock’s direction.  “Yes, Sherlock, you did.  You need to eat too; you expended rather a lot of energy the last few days.  What was that all about, anyway? You said it was as though we were bonded, how can that have happened?  All we did was have sex… Rather a lot of sex, admittedly… Rather a lot of really good sex…” John trailed off, then abruptly shook himself, blinking rapidly, as though bringing himself back to the present.
Sherlock followed Lestrade into his office, took one look at Bateson sitting hunched over in the chair, and barked “No! He’s not your man, just look at his hair!”  Lestrade’s mouth fell open, his gaze swinging from Sherlock to Bateson and back again.  “His hair? What are you talking about?”
While Mr Holmes was gone, John took the opportunity to glance through his records.  No minor illnesses here, but there were more than the average number of broken bones, cuts and abrasions needing stitches at A&E, and a lengthy correspondence from an exclusive rehab centre that John was well aware he wouldn’t be able to afford for himself, should the need ever arise.  John wondered what kind of job it was that needed a medical and resulted in those kinds of injuries, something to do with the previous addiction, maybe?  He was beginning to regret sending Mr Holmes off by himself to produce the urine sample, and wondered whether a blood sample would be an appropriate move.  Just then, the door opened and Mr Holmes entered the room, setting the specimen pot on the desk next to the medical form.
“It’s not,” she replied, setting down Sherlock’s drink, “but we have an LGBT night every week, it’s pretty popular.”  John handed over a twenty-pound note and waited for his change.  Sherlock had already picked up his drink and was scanning the crowds.  “Oh, I see,” replied John.  “Is it the same night every week? I suppose it must be, or how would people know?”
Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, thinking about what he could do to resolve things with John.  He jumped a little when the door to the flat opened and John staggered in, Sherlock had assumed he was at work – John’s schedule had the day down as a work day, and Sherlock didn’t know he’d now got the day off as they hadn’t been speaking.  The moment Sherlock saw John’s face, he leapt up from the sofa, his face radiating concern.  “John! What happened, did you get attacked?”  John struggled to his chair and sat down with a thump, his face grimacing with pain as he landed on his scraped skin.  Sherlock knelt quickly between his thighs, gently taking John’s face between his hands and turning it to better catch the light.  He winced at the scrapes on John’s face, and without speaking, fetched a bowl of warm water from the kitchen, a glass of water and the first aid kit from under the bathroom sink.  He returned quickly to John, handing him two paracetamol and the glass of water, then began dabbing at the scrapes on his face with a piece of gauze that he’d dampened with warm water and antiseptic.  He worked quickly and quietly, cleaning the edges of the grazes, picking out small pieces of gravel and cleaning the rest of the dirt out of the wound and dressing it.
“I know how we can stop them sending you away to school,” John said, slyly.  Sherlock’s eyes bored into John’s, his attention totally focussed on the older boy.  “My mum’s friend came over yesterday, and I heard them talking while I was getting some biscuits.”  John had long realised the best time to sneak biscuits from the kitchen was while his mum was having a coffee and catch up with one of her friends; for a start she was less likely to notice John sneaking around, and if she did happen to catch him, she was more likely to indulge him and call him a cheeky monkey if there was company, than to tell him off.
Thanks to everyone who commented earlier, we managed to find him, he'd been trapped inside a deserted shop while trying to solve a smuggling ring.  Turned out to be absolutely nothing to do with the heavies running the ring, he'd misjudged things when climbing through a window.  The shop had a sunken floor that wasn't visible from outside, so the fall was a lot further than he was expecting.  Unfortunately, he managed to land on both his mobile (which smashed) and an uneven pile of rubbish which resulted in a rather severely sprained ankle.
Just at that moment, the phone on his desk rang.  He picked up the receiver, impatient and annoyed with whoever it was interrupting.  “Yes?!” he barked.  “Oh, sorry to disturb you Doctor, but this morning’s surgery is over, we were going to lock up and go for lunch, then I remembered you still have Mr Holmes in there with you,” said Liz, reproachfully.  “Would you like me to stay until you’re done, so I can let him out?”  John forced himself to be polite.  “No, Liz, thank you, that’s fine.  Just leave the keys on the desk and I’ll let him out myself.  I’ve brought my lunch with me, so it’s not like I wouldn’t be here anyway,” he replied.  “Okay then Doctor, if you’re sure? We’re all out together, if you need anyone, you have my number.  The phone’s switched over, so you have nothing to worry about for the next hour and a half!”  John hung up, suddenly feeling extremely nervous.  “Just the receptionist,” he said in reply to Sherlock’s quizzical look.  “Everyone’s gone for lunch, so it’s just the two of us in the building, I’m afraid!”  Sherlock smiled, a lazy, half-lidded smile, full of promise.  “Good,” he replied.  “I do so hate to be interrupted… now, what did you say you wanted me to do?”
“Come on Sherlock, let's get you two home… We can drop Jilly off with Mrs Turner, and I can get your trousers off… You might have all kinds of injuries under there…”
with Sherlock.  John made a point of kicking up a fuss and objecting whenever Sherlock burst into his room and dragged him out of bed before the sun had even come up so that Sherlock wouldn’t realise quite
have a mark, John,” he said, rubbing gently at the gland, his sensitive fingertips mapping the shape of the indentations.  They were small, and not terribly deep, but they were there.  Something began to itch, deep in Sherlock’s mind palace; something about the shape of the indentations was familiar.  He began to rub absently at the marks, his eyes defocused, and flicking rapidly from side to side as he flicked through his mind palace.
John sat on his chair in the living room, a rather gormless look on his face if he was honest.  Sherlock had explained that his
Sherlock didn’t understand quite what had happened; he had brought John along to act as bait, and to be fair to him, that was exactly what John had done.  He’d kept an eye out, both on John and the crowd, and suddenly John was kissing another man and Sherlock had seen red.  Before he knew what he was doing, he was standing next to that ridiculous man and saving John from his clutches – protecting what was Sherlock’s. It suddenly hit him quite how important John was to him, and now he didn’t know what he should do next.  He went for his default position of fury and sarcasm.
“OWWW!” he whispered, screwing his eyes shut, the motion having set off the bodybuilder with the cannon once more.  Another snuffle, this one in his eye-line, made him open his eyes once more in an attempt to see what was going on.  Sherlock was sitting on his haunches at the side of the sofa, snuffling in John’s hair.  He was completely naked, as far as John could see, although he was making a concerted effort not to look too closely.
“I’m not wearing that, I was a soldier!” John growled, and Sherlock stuffed the next outfit over the curtain – tight pink camouflage trousers and a baby pink t-shirt with a sequinned heart over the chest.  “Sherlock,” John said, warningly.
“Woohoo, boys!” John leapt up immediately, calling Jilly, and shoving her unceremoniously into Sherlock’s bedroom.
name was William Sherlock Scott Holmes - and that he was the little boy John had played with as a small child.  As they had talked, John had remembered that fateful day in the tree, telling Sherlock about his Auntie Sam and her ‘bondy land’, remembering that was where his family in-joke had started.  He remembered Sherlock biting down, the sharp pain, and then the taste of Sherlock’s skin on his tongue.  He remembered falling from the tree, the row when he had returned home, and then meeting Mike Stamford and discovering rugby when he returned to school a couple of days later.  John was a little dismayed to realise he hadn’t thought of his best friend for years.  For his own part, Sherlock had told John about getting home and packing for school; about the joys of exploring the old school buildings by himself in the first few days he had been there, and how that had served him well when his classmates had discovered his abrasive personality – Sherlock had needed somewhere he could go and be alone.  John had wanted to weep at the loneliness Sherlock had described; he remembered William as such an outgoing child, full of fun and easy smiles, and his heart nearly broke at the thought that the cruelty of his classmates had all but wiped it out of him.
Twelve-hundred hours: As John’s watch beeped noon, he gathered the group together, and sent them for lunch in the canteen hall, with strict instructions to be back in the large classroom next to the parade ground at 1 pm sharp.  He turned on his heel and marched over to the Officer’s mess, deciding to grab some lunch and then spend half an hour or so reading up on his charges.  It always helped to know a little something about them, it gave him a chance to build a relationship if there was a little common ground, and John was still young enough that he could usually find some.  Sandwich in hand, he reached for his keys to unlock the door to his office, and paused, surprised and angry to see the door was already ajar.  He swung the door open, stepping through, and found one of his charges sitting in his chair, feet up on the desk, reading one of the files from his securely locked filing cabinet.
The more time he spent thinking about Captain Watson, the more his arousal made itself known to him.  Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his chair, adjusting his hard cock in his trousers, trying to make himself more comfortable and failing miserably.  He mentally shook himself, picking up a couple of the files again, and attempted to concentrate once more.  Privates Pugh and Davies both looked like trouble, he thought, but he wasn’t certain that either of them had had anything to do with the thefts…. but he couldn’t be sure, and therein lay the frustration.  He was usually much better at seeing the patterns, deducing the chain of events, but it seemed as though most of his brain was taken up with thoughts of the muscular blonde Captain, and the way he had looked during his orgasm.  This, Sherlock thought sourly, left about the same amount of brainpower for the problem as “so-called normal people”.  Sherlock had not experienced this before.  He had been attracted to other people, but the attraction had never been strong enough to be anything other than temporary.  There was only one conclusion, he decided, if he could gain some… relief… he might be able to think about the case.
John was sitting at his desk at work with his head in his hands when he noticed a paperback book peeping out from underneath it.  He didn’t know how long it had been under there; he’d seen a record number of patients that day as Sarah had come down with the flu, but it could have been there since the day before, for all he knew.  He picked up the book, and turned it over in his hands.  “Yes Man”, by Danny Wallace.  He recognised the author’s name; John scanned the blurb quickly, and realised he’d read the author’s first book, a funny bit of fluff about accidentally starting a cult.  This one seemed to be in the same easy-going vein, except in this one Danny had decided his life was becoming stale; he’d been spending too much time staying in by himself, and a chance encounter on a bus resulted in him deciding to say “yes” to everything for a month.  John thought ruefully that it sounded like his own life, so he decided on the spur of the moment to take the book home with him and read it.  Little did he know how much his life was about to change…
A couple of days after the bathroom incident, John decided he couldn’t stand being in the flat a moment longer, and that he needed to get out by whatever means were necessary.  He waited until Sherlock was in the shower and made a run for it – although in his heavily pregnant state, it was more of a waddle – and he made it as far as Speedy’s downstairs before the ungainliness and the backache that had been plaguing him all night forced him to rest up.  Luckily, the only people in the café were the petite, dark-haired Beta waitress, and another Omega, who left soon after John arrived.  The waitress sat him down in a corner, rummaging about behind the counter for a few cushions and making him comfortable, before refusing to bring him a cappuccino and instead providing a cup of camomile tea.  He grimaced, but thanked her for her consideration.  Approximately five minutes later, Sherlock burst out of their front door, hair dripping, one hand holding up his trousers, shirt unbuttoned and only one shoe on, the other in his hand.  He was shouting into his mobile phone at Mycroft loudly demanding he scramble helicopters and scour the CCTV to see who had kidnapped his pregnant mate.  John sighed deeply, and then asked the waitress to tell Sherlock he was sitting inside.
John sat with his legs dangling either side of the tree branch, watching a line of ants marching over it industriously on their way to some unknown destination.  He risked a quick glance up at William, who was busy drawing a leaf in as much detail as he could.  William had said it was for a “data base”, which John had been quite excited about because he imagined it would be full of baddies he could fight, but it was nothing like the rebel base in Star Wars, so he had quickly lost interest.
John was heartbroken, he and Sherlock had clicked so intensely and so quickly, even though they'd only been together for a few months Mum and I knew they would end up marrying sooner or later.  I think that was when he had some kind of breakdown, he disappeared and we've not been able to find him.  We've known from the blog that he's still alive, obviously, but we hadn't heard directly from him in months, and we hadn't been able to find him until he mentioned the coffee shop he had lunch in - and yes, the dodgy bloke and the pretty girl were both friends of mine, trying to figure out John's address so we could do this with the minimum of fuss.
Unclaimed kidneys… I'm not sure how a kidney can be unclaimed, I can't imagine funeral homes turn up and take all of a body apart from the kidneys… Perhaps it's all the people who have transplants, and the ones they that aren't working are left over at the end of the surgery..?  Except they don't usually take those out…  If anyone knows how kidneys might go unclaimed, could they let me know?
“Sh’lock… You want this? Tell me how much you want this….” Sherlock started, sure for a split second that John had woken and caught him there, in his room, but then he realised that John was still asleep, and must therefore be dreaming of him.  Sherlock quietly undid his button and zip, slipping his hand inside his underwear to close firmly around his erection, and stepped carefully closer to John.  He knelt with his full lips close to John’s head, and whispered, “I want it so much… please…. Give it to me…”
Ten minutes later, John had eaten all of Sherlock’s toast, and had managed to finally rouse him from his mind palace by the simple expedient of flicking water at him until he emerged.  “John?  You have to eat your toast,” Sherlock said, picking up the plate and thrusting it at John.
Sherlock races to get to the hospital in time, but when he gets there, he discovers Mycroft has already arrived... and that might be more than he can bear.
Of course, John had to agree, and before he knew what was going on, he found himself with a mouthful of the foulest thing he’d ever tasted.  He thought to himself later that he should have known it would be awful; the girl had dreadlocks, and was wearing a tie-dyed skirt in a muddy brown colour and a necklace that had obviously been hand woven.  John’s naturally genial manner ensured he didn’t just spit the whole mouthful out onto the floor, but it was a close run thing.  Sherlock didn’t give John any chances to refuse more samples, but kept grabbing the next pot from the stand and shoving it at him, saying, “Try this one next, John!”
Greg had tried to leave Sherlock alone while John was still in the hospital, but when the brutal triple murder he’d been working on had given him no further leads for the second week in a row, he gave in and visited Baker Street.  Mrs Hudson was out, picking up a few things John had asked Sherlock to bring in with him the next time he came, but Greg had a key, so let himself straight in.  He ran up the seventeen stairs to Flat B, knocking on the door even as he opened it and stepped inside.  The sight that greeted him was something he had never imagined he would ever see.  Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa in his dressing gown, fast asleep, with baby Xander snuggled up on his chest.  Sherlock’s arms were tucked around his infant son, cradling him safely even in his sleep.  Greg paused for a moment – he remembered how it had been when his daughter had first been born, feeling like he hadn’t had a proper night’s sleep for the first year – but just as he was about to turn and leave again, Xander wriggled a little, and Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open as he awoke.  He pressed a kiss to Xander’s wispy hair, and then noticed Greg.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “Ah, Rob,” he said, “you’re going to be dressing John here.  I have some suitable pieces already, from the last time I called in.”  He indicated John as he spoke, then turned to him, explaining, “This is Rob, I helped him prove to his boyfriend Iain that he wasn’t cheating on him with another man, rather that he’d been arranging a luxury holiday for the two of them in the Maldives.  Of course, he left Iain just after they got back from the holiday anyway, but I did my part.”
Sherlock and I went out on a double date with Molly and her ex-boyfriend Simon last night - he wasn't an ex-boyfriend when the date started, but after Sherlock verbally eviscerated the poor bloke, he made a run for it, and Molly has since texted me to say it's all over.
come from?  Love?  From the kitchen, Sherlock heard the sound of a teaspoon hitting the floor, and then John’s feet were pounding up the stairs.  He burst into the room, scanning Sherlock’s face desperately.  “Sherlock?  What is it, are you okay?!”
“What are you playing at, you git, get over here…” came the slightly slurred mumble from the bed, as John opened one eye.  “I can hear you thinking from here, it’s annoying,” and at that, he opened the other eye, pushing his hands down into the mattress to attempt to lever himself upright in the bed.  At John’s grimace of pain and whoosh of breath, Sherlock’s indecision broke, and he rushed to the side of the bed, hands gently pressing John back down into the mattress.
“John, that’s not going to work, I won’t be able to get to you properly.  Come and lay down on the sofa, that’ll be easier.”  John groaned inwardly, but realised Sherlock was right, so he got up from the chair, hoping against hope that he wouldn’t embarrass himself.  The hope seemed to be enough to calm his arousal enough for him to make it to the sofa.  He lay face down; the graze covered right around the back of John’s thigh, and he thought the time laying on his stomach might be enough to give him time to cool off altogether.  Sherlock sat on the floor right next to the sofa, his head at the same height as John’s legs, and began to clean the wound.  He sat so close to John that he could feel Sherlock’s warm breath on the back of his legs, and to John’s dismay, his cooled arousal started to warm up again.  Sherlock leaned close, picking out the last of the gravel and cleaning the graze out.
John was to spend time with him, but he knew in his heart of hearts that he was more than willing to follow Sherlock anywhere he wanted to go.  The days when Sherlock left and John couldn’t follow him because he was due at the clinic left them both feeling out of sorts.  Greg found that Sherlock was even more difficult to deal with on the days that John didn’t accompany him than he had been before John had come into his life, and so he began to text John to see if he was available
“I think you mean ‘Sorry John, for pulling you off a seat for ABSOLUTELY NO REASON’!!!” John spat back, rubbing at his hip where he’d hit the floor.  His fingers brushed against the mobile phone in his pocket, and he thought he ought to check to make sure he hadn’t damaged it, since he’d landed with a fairly hefty slam.  He pulled it from his pocket, thumbed one of the buttons to light up the screen, and stared in shock at the message the screen displayed – MESSAGE SENT.
It was obvious to John that this was a typical kind of event, as Mike just smiled and nodded to John, saying, “yeah, he’s always like that.”  John wondered what was going to happen the next day, and he hadn’t even decided if he was going to go and meet the man yet.
John’s heats had steadily been getting stronger as he had lived with Sherlock, but he had attributed that to the fact that he was an unbonded Omega, living with an unbonded Alpha, as Sherlock had suggested.  John had never lived with an Alpha before, other than when he had lived at home with his parents, so he naturally assumed that Sherlock was right; after all, he hadn’t yet known him to be wrong.  By the time John had presented as Omega, Harry had already moved out, going off to uni, where she had met Clara, and she had never moved back home.  Although John’s dad was an Alpha, she had been bonded to his mum, so it hadn’t been an issue for John.  When Sherlock had sunk his cock into John though, it was as if a switch had been flicked inside him, and his heat had exploded.  John had been unable to go more than about twenty minutes at a time before he was reduced to sobbing and begging for Sherlock’s knot, and Sherlock had been hard for almost the entire time.
“Ah, it’s kind of you to open up for us this late,” John said awkwardly.  He wasn’t really sure how to respond to Rob’s comments about Sherlock’s body; it wasn’t as though he had never noticed, after all.  The amount of times Sherlock had been injured while they were running all over London ensured that at one time or another John had seen pretty much everything Sherlock had to offer, and he had to admit, the view was more than a little enticing, even for John.
“Hey mate,” he said, adopting an Essex accent in the hopes of blending in, “I was chattin’ with some of the lads about gettin’ a car, and they said Anderson was the man to talk to, that right?”  The head waggled from side to side, then emerged from the depths of the engine.
A strange noise from the kitchen made him struggle slowly and carefully up from his prone position, and for a moment or two, he didn’t quite believe what he was seeing.  Jilly was standing with a large piece of paper trapped underneath her paw.  In her mouth was a large permanent marker, and she was decisively marking the paper.  John laughed a little and shook his head, instantly regretting it.  “Jilly, come! Come on girl, come here!”  Sherlock poked his nose into John’s side, huffing and butting at him.  “Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?  I’m starting to get seriously worried about you!”
“I said I just don’t want to be away from you… Can I at least walk with you to work? And walk you home again after work?”  John laughed, shaking his head.
“Come on now Sherlock, it’s not fair for you to starve Jilly’s body, even if you’re not hungry.”  Sherlock attempted to convey that it was equally unfair for Jilly to stuff Sherlock’s body and leave it feeling heavy and sluggish for him, assuming he managed to get back into it someday, but John waved him off.  “I realise you think it’s unfair for her to eat and desecrate your precious starvation plan, Sherlock, but I don’t relish the chances of being able to explain it to her, do you?”  Sherlock rolled his eyes again – it was rapidly becoming his default expression – but began to delicately tuck in.  John could see him pause for a moment, as though trying to decide whether or not he should attempt to pick up the meat with his paws, but realising he would just look
“John?! Are you okay? What’s going on, where is he?”  Lestrade rushed up to John, throwing questions at him, while Sherlock stared, open mouthed.
Eleven-hundred hours: Sherlock made his way to the garage, where a few men and a woman were working on some of the camp’s vehicles.  He was taking a bit of a risk, being away from his group, but John wanted a name by lunchtime.  He quickly ascertained that Anderson was not there; his picture had been in the files that Sherlock had seen; he had a weasley face, scraggly beard and glasses, and nobody in the garage looked like that.  Sherlock wandered over to the group working on an old Land Rover and stopped next to a tall, blonde, oil covered young man with his head under the bonnet.
Sherlock dropped down on one knee, looking underneath the car, seeing that the ground underneath was wet.  It had rained the previous night, so Sherlock knew the car must have been running overnight at the very least.  That didn’t necessarily mean it had been used to take its owner to town to sell stolen goods, but it didn’t rule Anderson out either.
“Really?!” he asked, with a look of surprise.  “I’ve always loved a military man, I bet you’ve got some lovely muscles under that jacket…” He slid his hand up John’s arm and squeezed his bicep.  John laughed at the man’s boldness; he was well into his third pint, and feeling a little more relaxed that he thought he would be.  “I’m Simon,” the man said, sticking his hand out for John to shake.
“It was great, I could see myself doing it again… do you think there’s any way of making a living out of it?”
“Have you ever had a prostate exam, Sherlock?” John asked as he fetched some lubricating jelly from the cupboard.  “No,” came the response.  “I thought they were usually done on men who are… older… than me, but I’m sure whatever you think will be… good.  What would you like me to do?”
be persuaded to help out with a little bit of cleaning, and had sent Mrs Hudson out to buy more Tupperware boxes that would ever fit in the fridge.  John had smirked a little at that, and mentally declared it a victory.
The Estonian for twelve months is absolutely true, and caused many days of amusement when I attended a hypnotherapy seminar with a group of English friends and we discovered it... The amazing Eesti translators knew exactly why we kept shoehorning the phrase "twelve months" into everything we said that needed to be translated to the group, and despite this, managed to keep their cool and do a very professional job!
John furrowed his brow, looking at Sherlock… or was it Jilly?  He decided that the first thing he needed to do was to work out who was who.  It would be easier, he considered, to call each of them by the names of their conscious self.  He couldn’t imagine Jilly being able to work out that when he said “Sherlock” he was referring to her, so for the time being, the detective’s body would be Jilly, and the Great Dane’s would be Sherlock.  It was surprisingly easy once he had gotten his head around it, the keen and perceptive gaze coming from the canine body probably had a lot to do with it.
Tonight though… tonight was different, John was again bathed in sweat, his face and bare chest shining in the little light coming into the room, but his expression was one of arousal.  As Sherlock continued to watch, John pushed at the light blanket covering him, and exposed the trail of golden hair at the bottom of his abdomen which ran down into the grey cotton of his pyjama bottoms, currently tented by an impressive erection.  Sherlock watched, unable to tear his gaze away as John palmed his cock over the thin fabric and squeezed the hard flesh beneath his hand, hips thrusting upwards.  Sherlock felt himself react, the tight knot of arousal at the base of his spine flooding through his groin, and he pulled at his trousers, adjusting his uncomfortably constricted erection.  John moaned, talking in his sleep as he thrust lazily into his hand.
“Hmmm?” John replied, his mind still on the latest genetic discoveries with regard to Autistic Spectrum Conditions.
John’s hand scrabbled at his pyjamas, pushing the fabric down his hips, and grabbed his cock in his hand.  John’s breathing grew more erratic, and his hips thrust more urgently upwards, until he was fucking his hand.  Sherlock stroked faster, his thumb rubbing across the blunt tip of his cock and spreading the free-flowing pre-come over the silky skin of his shaft, lubricating it.
The case had been wrapped up fairly quickly after that, the man was in custody and, according to a Lestrade who had spent the weekend watching too many old Noir private detective movies, “singing like a canary”.  Sherlock had rolled his eyes, while John and Greg had started talking in what they liked to think of as their gangster voices, and coming up with as many stereotypical gangster-style phrases as they could.  They had had a fun fifteen minutes, and the fact that it annoyed Sherlock was a bonus, they felt.
When he had finished with John’s face, Sherlock turned his attention to the wounds on his arms, diligently cleaning and dressing them.  John sat quietly, allowing Sherlock to work, as the pain medication began to kick in.  Once Sherlock had finished dressing John’s arms, he looked at his thighs.  “John, I’m going to need you to take your jeans off, this wound is going to be really hard to get to.”
“Really?” he responded, in a tone of voice that sounded surprised.  “I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth’s too… small now.”  John watched as the man dismissed the petite brunette, sipping from the mug and making a face.  John made a mental note that although many things might have changed at Bart’s, the coffee hadn’t.  The woman, Molly, was it? left the room, muttering to herself.
The two men shook hands, and after a little reminiscing, agreed to go for a coffee.  Thirty minutes or so later found the two of them outside the door to one of the labs in Bart’s.  John was struck by how different things were from his student days, but he reasoned it had been more than ten years since he had last been there.  He made a small joke about it; it was something to say, and he was still trying to get back into the easy camaraderie he had once shared with Mike.  He hardly noticed the tall slim man working at one of the lab tables, assuming him to be one of the current batch of students.  It was only when the man spoke that John realized he was a little older than he had thought.
Once the compulsion had died down, they had both collapsed in John’s bed, and slept for eight hours straight; even Sherlock, whose sleeping habits could never be called anything as pedestrian as a pattern.  John had slept better than he ever had in his life, not even a sniff of the nightmares that had plagued him on a regular basis, and even sharing a bed for the first time had felt right.  John had awoken first, feeling hungry and thirsty.  He had started to get used to the strange doubling feeling of his emotions, and as Sherlock was currently radiating more exhaustion than hunger, John had decided to leave him asleep in
“I’ll see you in my office at eight o’clock, to see how you’re getting on, okay?” he said gently, waiting for Sherlock’s nod of acquiescence before placing the file on the desk and leaving the room, closing the door quietly behind him.  Sherlock tried to catch his breath and put himself back in order, and a couple of minutes later was sitting back at his desk, going over the files again.  His mind began to drift as he looked at the names in front of him; Pugh, Davies, Westbury, Blake, Smith, Minchin and the new one, Anderson.  He tried to concentrate, but his mind kept drifting back, he kept hearing John saying, “faster.”  Sherlock shook his head, frustrated.
John makes and then implements a decision, which causes Greg to worry about him.  Sherlock gets bored, so goes poking about in John's room, and makes a bit-not-good decision of his own...
He's spend the last two days hiding in the flat with his mobile off, trying to escape them - everyone that's trying to get hold of him is calling my mobile - which wouldn't be so bad if I hadn't been on call last night and therefore awake all night… I suppose I could have given my mobile to Sherlock, but I dread to think what would have happened if Harry or my mum had rung and he'd answered… *shudders*
John smiled.  “Oh, I think I could manage that,” he replied, “after all, it’s our duty to teach new students coming through, and experiencing the procedure yourself makes you more empathetic to the patient.  I think there are a few other, less conventional techniques for prostate exam I could show you too…”
Focused as much as he was on those sensations, it was a shock to feel the finger retreat entirely, leaving him empty, and he turned quickly to see what was going on.  As he did so, he felt the finger return, and another, stretching his tight hole, increasing the pleasure.  Another moan was forced from him, louder this time – Sherlock had always been very vocal – and he increased the pace of his stroke to match that of the fingers now pumping in and out of his arse.  He felt the tight coil beginning in his belly, he knew it was a matter of moments before he would come all over the doctor’s clean paper towel covered couch, and he didn’t care.  At precisely that moment, Dr Watson pulled out both of his fingers, leaving Sherlock empty, confused.
“Okay,” William said, shuffling closer along the branch.  John turned his head to the side, and William’s surprisingly sharp teeth bit down hard, releasing a squirt of fluid into his mouth.  It didn’t taste good like William’s favourite vanilla milkshake, but it wasn’t awful either.  “Now your turn,” he said, yanking at the collar of his shirt and pulling it down to expose the gland.  John bit down just as hard as William had; in truth he was a little annoyed, it had hurt more than he was expecting, and William’s little yelp as the skin broke made John feel a bit better.  As William yelped, he pulled himself sharply away from John, causing the older boy to wobble, overbalance, and finally tumble from the branch.  Luckily for John, it wasn’t a long fall, but there were enough sharp twigs to poke and scratch at him on the way down that he ended up covered in scratches and grazes by the time he thumped onto the soft ground under the tree.  William scrambled down quickly, worried for his friend, but after a moment or two it looked as though John was fine, if a little dazed and winded.
Two days later, a rather cagey email came back, asking what Sherlock's interest was in the article.  After a week or so of furious emailing back and forth, Sherlock had found out that although his and John's case was by no means the only one Dr Beardshaw had heard of, it did seem to be the longest gap between the bite and bond that she'd come across.  Dr Beardshaw herself was not available for a meeting, however, as she was attending a conference in Alabama, and John was not prepared to travel with Alex, and the idea of leaving him made Sherlock feel physically sick.  One other piece of information had Sherlock off in a flurry of research again; apparently Dr Beardshaw had been corresponding with another Omega colleague who had been investigating other couples who had experienced the same delayed instant bond that John and Sherlock had - and he seemed to think he had some evidence for some rather special chemistry going on between them.  He was calling it the soul bond.
“Sh’lock… I’m gonna fuck you so hard, I’m gonna fill you…” With a sudden grunt, John was coming; moaning and gasping.  Sherlock watched transfixed, trying to stop his own moans escaping him by stuffing his free hand into his mouth and biting down on the knuckles.  He was suddenly aware of the danger; John’s orgasm might well awaken him, and Sherlock would be caught in the captain’s room in the middle of the night, cock in hand, wanking over him.  The thought pushed him over the edge, and there was nothing he could do to stop his own orgasm, Sherlock’s semen mixing with John’s on John’s bare chest.
“I’ll let Sherlock know it’s just your heat, I daresay he panicked because as far as I know, he’s never been in a relationship with an Omega before you.  I’m sure he’ll be back as soon as he can, but that’ll keep you going in the meantime, okay?  I’ll give you a call in a few days, see how you are,” and with that, Mike had left, securing the door behind him.  John had felt so weak and wretched he hadn’t even been able to put Mike right about the nature of his relationship with Sherlock.
Oh-six-fifty-five:  John was observing the parade ground from the window of his office; he would be there exactly at oh-seven-hundred and not a minute before.  So far nine of the twelve were in place, dressed identically in shined black combat boots, camouflage trousers, and olive green t-shirts.  John continued to watch as number ten and eleven ran up, looking around nervously to make sure they weren’t late; he’d obviously made an impression on the group.  The only one missing was the reader.  John sighed, he hoped the lad wasn’t going to be trouble, but it was looking increasingly likely.  He gathered up his clipboard and pen, made his way out of the office towards the parade ground, locking the door securely behind him, and rounded the corner just as his watch beeped the hour.  There were twelve young men waiting for him.
Act 3, (the Climax) will involve with John biting Sherlock hard on the back of the neck to stop Sherlock from doing something (not sure what), Sherlock will be stunned, possibly John will suffer from premature ejaculation and also more importantly realize he owns Sherlock.
Both men stopped their conversation short as a bleary eyed agent suddenly shuffled through the kitchen towards the fridge. He grumbled something akin to a ‘hello’ before opening the door to the refrigerator, blithely unaware of the emotionally charged conversation and the tension emanating from both Sherlock and John.
Mycroft gripped his umbrella and started towards the door, before stopping and regarding John with a pensive, but soft, stare, “I wonder John, being the scientific man that you are –”
The story also makes it clear that there is more between them than just the alpha/ omega hormones, i.e.,
“Alright Sir,” Timothy moved and helped himself out of the sedan, opening the back door and waving John out with a gloved hand. He could probably smell John’s arousal and desperation, though his face remained passive and professional. “Agent Waverly is at the door, and everyone has been vetted of course, all humans.”
“According to the current Omegaverse literature, an Alpha can smell an Omega from five miles away, fifty miles if the Omega is in heat. Harlan is being held on remand at Her Majesty’s Prison Pentonville. When Lisa came to call on us, she entered into the five mile range and considering he was coming out of an unresolved rut, there is no way that he couldn’t smell her. Also, he didn’t mention her ‘miraculous resurrection’ when you saw him next, ergo he already knew she was alive.”
P.s. Is it just me or every time you read that do you want to take a measuring cup and see how much liquid that actually is?
A sharp chill ran across John’s skin, a cold wash that left him feeling shivery and weak. It was hard to imagine Sherlock so desperate and vulnerable, nothing like the man he knew and loved now.
John’s first steps out of the sedan were wobbly and weak, like a newborn foal, and he wasn’t sure if it was the heat or the medications that were mostly to blame. But Timothy was there, solid as a rock, gripping John under the arm and escorting him to the front door, wherein several large men stepped outside to grab John’s things, and several more led him to a secured room deep within the house.
He inhaled a bit, huffing the next breath out and running a hand down his face before starting again. “I know you love to show off, so put everything together. Let’s start with why Lisa faked her own death, shall we? You told me, and I quote,  ‘a
“No,” he laughed outright, a kindly chuckle that filled the small space between them, “but that’s kinda my point. You probably came across at least a dozen Alphas in rut, maybe more, who knows, pardon my saying but you are a bit old to be triggering just now. Didn’t you ever wonder why?”
I was involved with someone once, when I was in University. His name was Victor, and he introduced me to sex and cocaine - SH
“Yes, Mr Holmes,” Timothy replied, putting the car in neutral and sounding just as common and non-threatening as he did before.
“I fucking knew it.” She seethed, eyes bright and skittering over his person with an eerie smile. “I should have started a betting pool that you would be the Judas in all of this.”
After his breathing calmed, John became aware of the muffled sound of voices  drifting down from a window just above him. He froze, straining his ears to make out the conversation, suddenly profoundly grateful for old houses and substandard double glazing.
. John’s internal muscles compressed reflexively, locking them together as Sherlock snapped forward like a drawn bow. Teeth flashing like silver, and with a precision borne of 100,000 years of instinct, he ruthlessly bit John once more, rupturing the gland and spilling a potent mix of pheromones and semiochemical compounds into John’s blood.
“Sher - Sherlock I’m fine, Christ.” John sat up with a groan, wincing as he placed a gentle hand to his swollen lips, his fingertips came back glistening red. Sherlock only doubled his efforts, finally leaning and placing his nose to the crook of John’s neck, breathing and licking at salty skin.
He left the unfortunate man slumped alongside the blood-spattered wall of the cottage, unconscious, and probably in real danger of choking on his own blood from his broken nose. John found he didn’t much care.
“Our friendship.” John said, utterly devoid of humour. “It means…everything to me. More than I can quantify. Taking it to that step would be risking everything, and I can’t—do that. Not with him. I could tolerate it, but he couldn’t
The smile she gave him rivalled even his own, and that scant second of vulnerability dissolved into her usual hard-as-nails persona.
If we carry that analysis forwards, then we may conclude that out of the 8,538,689 people living in London, only 160 of them are carrying the Omegaverse gene.
sorry Doctor Wa… John.  Of course, I had no way of knowing - there was never any way I could have predicted -”
Sherlock sighed in relief when the fabric  yielded, cock springing free. Unclothed, John could see his fully retracted foreskin and an ample bead of pre-come gathering in the slit. The bubble of clear fluid quickly become heavy with pure volume and gravity, and the sight alone made John’s mouth water, his hole clenching painfully around nothing.  He couldn’t help but let out a pained noise.
There was a brief clatter and the line went dead. John blinked into the darkness, against the unwelcome but continuing buzz in his brain, and at that same moment a suited man burst through the open doorway with a syringe and a small vial. John knew it would be best if the flumazenil was administered intravenously, but he neither had the time nor an actual intravenous line. Instead, he eyed the syringe and decided an intramuscular injection was the best way to go.
John snorted at the Anderson comment, ill-timed thought it might be, but didn’t have the heart to tell Sherlock that he highly doubted their bonding was a ‘controlled’ choice. Harlan had left him with the impression that his and Lisa’s bond was, at best, a last ditch effort to salvage their friendship, or at worse a result of Harlan’s rut left too long unresolved. He covered his momentary unease by clearing his throat. “So not Harlan then, another Alpha?”
“The original investigator assigned to Lisa’s case strongly suspected a Mr Rexfield Barcroft to be the perpetrator but he was never able to prove it. Apparently Rexfield was ‘well connected’ even then.”
With a surprised gasp, Sherlock gave one last brutally hard thrust and his knot breached John with a visceral
that says: “if certain things don't make sense or if you see any inconsistencies, please let me know and I'd be glad to explain. There are a lot of Omegaverse "rules", explanations and "exceptions" that go along with certain aspects of the story, but I'm not mentioning them for the sake of length and general interest.”
Again with the snark - the man could be so frustrating at times. John almost grinned, comforted in the fact that it didn’t seem Sherlock had taken offence. He supposed he had to be more specific.
Sherlock nodded, slowing his steps to accommodate John. He practically radiated anxiety tempered with a touch of healthy uncertainty. With the suppressant in full force, John couldn’t actually scent his frenetic energy, but he could see it just fine with his own two eyes. Whether this insecurity involved their future, or what all this would do or had already done to their friendship, John was unsure. But for now, he was content in the silence. He was happy Sherlock was with him, safe, and that they could explore all of this
Somehow this will evolve into John demanding that Sherlock mount him and Sherlock will realize that it is ok to be sexual and just let go and that John will always keep him right. This loving (yet frenzied and filthy) sex will complete Sherlock’s character arc. This will presumably involve more than 33cc of semen.
John closed his eyes and calculated. Then, in one fluid movement, he stepped in front of the door and fired three shots point blank into the wood, splinters and paint chips exploding in small outward bursts.
“Right. That’s a bit spooky that is, Sherlock.” John said wryly, picking up the kit and moving out of the room with purpose. While it was true that guessing someone’s train of thought based on their facial expression could be relatively easy, murderous intent being the easiest to identify, John was relatively sure he did not have an I-have-a-desperate-need-to-clean-guns face.
"But I'm saving others, John. Others like us. Harlan never would have let me do what we're doing to help these Omegas.”
Though the day was dreary, as London generally was wont to be, every so often the sun would break through, revealing lambent swathes of light that played along the tombstones. They were among the last to linger, and though Sherlock must have thought this behaviour bordered on
Is she gaslighting them? SH and JW have never talked to a bonded pair. She keeps playing up to John exactly what he fears the most, being owned. What on earth is she trying to accomplish? She wants Sherlock’s homeless network to expand her own, she gets that by offering him the puzzle of Lysander. Then she wants John to be afraid to bond with Sherlock.
The answer is no. I am not, nor did I ever identify as asexual. Celibate would have been a more apt description. -  SH
John wasted no time. He left the dead man and sprinted towards the other end of the house, bile and anger rising in his throat. If that
“Don’t - ” John was bemused for a moment, “you could come inside, have a cuppa, say hello to Sherlock.”
“Andrew, Terry’s Omega,” Chesney replied. His words all but running together as he begun to panic, “but John - Leesy is bleeding,
he’d ever experienced.  If John hadn’t just lived through possibly the worst three days of his life, he would have laughed. Instead, he sighed and waved a hand to Sherlock, urging him to go on.
Sherlock carefully removed his YSL lace-ups and socks, never once looking away from John’s eyes. He deliberately undid his buttons slowly, sliding his arms free to let the shirt flutter to the ground at his feet before moving his hand to the front of trousers. He was so hard that it was a struggle to pull the zip down over the bulge. John revelled in a brief moment of giddiness before Sherlock’s scent struck his nostrils once more in a wave of musk that had his heart skittering in his chest.
“When?” Mycroft snapped over the mobile, and to his credit, John recognized the barest hint of a tremor in the normally controlled voice. Mycroft must have been profoundly alarmed - as he should be.
Sherlock couldn’t see how forcefully John typed his next message, but he wouldn’t put it past Mycroft to notice the agitated stabbing the innocent mobile received on behalf of John’s wounded pride.
In Chapter 4, John goes to speak with Harlan and 30 minutes later he is walking up to 221B and runs into Lisa for the first time.
Sherlock was always in love with John, he is celibate, John assumes Sherlock is asexual, and has no interest in sex at all:
John and Sherlock didn’t speak again until they were back inside the house and, by tacit agreement, neither of them mentioned the elephant in the room.
He looked at the alarm clock, now returned to the small table by the shell of his bed. It was 5:35pm.
The enormity of his situation washed over him, a veritable tidal wave of regret, fear, and outright pain ripped through his insides, leaving him despondent, numb, and strangely fragile. Sherlock could solve this case on his own, John was sure of it. He would work with his new
Sherlock beamed at John like he’d made his own fantastic deduction, instead of just continuing Sherlock’s own line of logic. “That is the most likely scenario. According to her medical records, not available on the NAOD obviously, on August 20th, 2008 she was accompanied to the hospital by Harlan and treated for a blow to the back of the head and sexual assault. As she was unable to provide a description of her attacker, no charges were ever brought forward. Exactly two weeks later she presented as an Omega. Her parents kicked her out and she and Harlan were left to fend for themselves.”
“Sherlock was abducted from in front of Baker Street. I have already injected myself with flumazenil and plan to use the megestrol as soon as my mind clears. Now, please, communicate with me normally. I don’t need your particular brand of - of cryptic
“I know what’s scaring you about this. Lisa was the same way. “You’re afraid that when it happens, you’ll be perceived as his sexual doormat etc,(…) that’s not what it’s like.”
Sherlock began to speak, though, before John could muster the necessary amount of gravity for the situation.
ii) There are a number of inconsistencies in what Lisa says she is doing versus what Harlan said they were doing versus what they were actually doing:
“Now you’re asking the right questions, John. Why would she indeed? Did she ever tell you about the circumstances of how she was triggered?” Sherlock paused and fixed him with a heated gaze, one that smouldered with frightening intelligence and almost...anticipation.
superblue: Personally, I will probably never do this again! THE PRESSURE!!! LOL. But it was a challenge, and a good one at that. Trying to get into the mindset of original characters (not Sherlock and John) I did not know very well (i.e. motivations, dreams, fears, etc), was incredibly difficult. I thank Bronzedviolets with all my heart because she was my personal cheerleader and infinitely patient with me and my intermittent writer's block. Plus she is a great friend and this project brought us together, so...in the end I can't help but feel this experience was 100% worth it.
“Crouch down.” John used a more forceful tone this time, exerting firmer pressure on his neck to emphasize his point. Sherlock turned his head to shoot him a look that was half mutinous, half panicked before begrudgingly acquiescing. He slowly lowered himself to an uneasy crouch, John still plastered against his warm back. The change of position meant that, despite their height difference, Sherlock’s nape was almost at John’s chin level. Without stopping the gentle movement of fingers through curls, John carefully folded the collar of the coat down. Taking a deep breath and hoping he was not about to make a catastrophic mistake, John bent forwards, biting down firmly right on the scruff of Sherlock’s neck.
“So, you’re saying you think Lisa killed Rexfield?” John blurted out, his tone bordering on incredulous.
assure you that you could come home and that we would still have our life. If we do this we can never go back to the way we were.”
Soft hands soothed his brow with damp towels and gentle hands removed his clothes, replacing them with gauzy and cool silk things that whispered comfort and taunted with sensation at the same time. Somehow, he ended up on a bed, but still the throbbing inside persisted, growing in momentum till he must have cried out.
It kind of makes sense that Lisa is the villain as it is pretty late in the story to introduce the main bad guy…
“I’m actually calling from her room now, she’s getting stronger and stronger, has almost been awake the whole day now.”
But John was never to know what other colourful words the raging man had in store for him, because in that instant, the side of his head exploded, showering John with bits of bone, glossy brain matter, and blood.
The instant Sherlock’s saliva met the released hormones, John felt a catalytic reaction racing through his body, like a star going supernova. He was incandescent with pleasure, both his and Sherlock’s. He was fucking and being fucked, owner and owned. Every cell in his body trembled and aligned itself with Sherlock’s as though he was his new magnetic north - and
John watched the outskirts of London streak by, the echoes of lights shining through the windows. After a long moment, he shifted his focus and stared back at his own reflection, noting the small beads of sweat already appearing on his forehead. That, along with the dull, achy waves of muscle cramps low in his abdomen, made him realize how quickly his heat was coming on. He idly wondered how long he’d have before he would truly give in to this biological urge and lose himself completely in the process.
He regarded the bottle for a long moment, read the dosage instructions, and decided to take the plunge. He know this would be difficult, hell…he knew this would be awful, but he couldn’t avoid it now. At least he could make it easier on himself, and then get back to his Alph – Sherlock as soon as possible. He quickly gulped down three strangely sweet pills, one more pill than recommended, but he certainly didn’t give a shite right now. John dry swallowed the pills with a grimace.
“You were thinking you should clean the guns. There is a heavy duty Brownells box on the bureau. I don’t doubt that it’s a Communal Armoury Kit.”
Sherlock didn’t answer but instead muttered something uncomplimentary about Mycroft having the same taste in country houses as evil human trafficking masterminds.
John realized with a sickening lurch what had happened. Sherlock knelt beside him, bloodied and pale, trembling just a bit as he dropped the gun back to the wooden floor. He didn’t spare the dead man even a cursory glance, but immediately began running panicked hands up and down John’s body, seeking wounds or signs of harm.
His intention was never to exacerbate Sherlock’s fear of what the Alpha gene would mean for his mind and body’s separation. Parts of Sherlock’s persona were already breaking off and being swept down the rolling rivers of self-control, and John knew that it had the potential to devastate Sherlock’s already-fragile center of gravity. He never wanted that.
Sherlock tilted his entire frame, leaning forwards in an unconscious manoeuvre that deepened the kiss for one sweet instant before pulling away with a groan, eyes screwed shut and biting at his own lip in wild desperation. The primal scent of an Alpha in full-rut rolled off him in waves so unbelievably heady that John couldn’t help but groan in tandem, cock hardening in his trousers.
If we do the math on this, 10% of 8,538,689 would result in 853,869 Omegaverse individuals, with the remaining 90% or 7,684,820 being classified as humans.
Most people probably thought Sherlock a robot, an automaton, a being more brains than heart. But, John knew differently, and his knowledge was only strengthened by the palpable wave of sadness that rolled over Sherlock’s handsome face. He shook his head with sudden comprehension. “With Alphas on the payroll, preferably un-bonded ones, he would have no problem tracking down newly presented Omegas.”
Well here it is everyone! The final wee bit to our little Omegaverse adventure. This was almost exactly six months in the making and I have to say we couldn't be more proud of ourselves.
In a sudden fury, he ripped the offending bed apart, kicking  the duvet across the room and dragged the mattress over into the corner furthest from the door. He ransacked the linen closet opposite the toilet, ignoring the strange looks from patrolling agents, and grabbed every blanket and pillow he could manage. He piled the blankets, sheets, and pillows around the edges of the mattress to make a nest. He’d read about this once before, a long time ago, this type of...animalistic behaviour. It sickened him, the loss of control, not only of his body but of his life, and he fought back tears as he curled up with his back to the wall, a ball of abject misery.
Pausing only to send a quick text to Mycroft, John forced himself to his feet, feeling  the uselessness and impotent anger slough away, leaving only John Watson, and his terrible purpose.
The small crowd in the foyer remained silent, though a few had started in shock when John almost fell to his knees.
It was a terrible distraction, and it was only after he’d disappeared through the door that John realized he’d missed everything Chesney had just said.
He swept his hand, not the one currently occupied, gracelessly across the night stand in one swoop, upsetting an alarm clock and a small but hideously outdated nightlamp. He blamed his lack of coordination on the medication, his movements were sluggish, like someone inching their way through dense London fog. He thumbed at the screen, and after several uncoordinated attempts, managed to unlock the mobile on the fifth or sixth screeching ring.
"You asked about Lysander. I told you that he..." She sighed in frustration. "He has resources that far outweigh our own. He can afford to pay thousands of pounds to recruits if they volunteer in his trafficking, and I can only assume that he was paying Terry all along. By my guess, I'd say Terry befriended me to find information on the Omega hot-spots, then tried to kill me for the sake of keeping the trafficking alive when I became too big of a 'problem.' London is already sparse in Omega's without my business in saving the few they can take and sell. He always needed money, and if there are no Omegas to sell, he wouldn't get any pay-off. Goodbye, Lisa."
you.” John squeezed Sherlock’s lapels once more, suddenly wanting to scrape his forehead and cheeks against the man’s body and feel every swell and rise of lean muscle through the fabric and upon his lips. “I - I thought we had more time. I need to say this now, before the blockers wear off completely. I need you to know this is me talking. I - ”
. Don’t let up the pressure until the paramedics say you can. It’s going to hurt her, it might even bring her out of unconsciousness, but she will thank you later.” John moved his ear away from the mobile, fighting a sudden wave of dizziness that threatened to overcome him. He covered the receiver with his hand, addressing the one agent remaining in his room. “I need some flumazenil, I know you have it, and if you don’t, get it right the
Turning his focus back to the text messages, he lifted his chin and figured he’d just get on with it before he managed to lose his nerve entirely. There was nothing to be gained in this life from being  a coward. He learnt that in the Army a long time ago, a lifetime ago, it seemed.
The most important thing, was the fact that their easy banter had not deserted them. Even covered in blood with Sherlock’s cock up his arse, John realized that although things between them had changed, when it came down to it they were still the same Sherlock and John. This new thing between them, this new life, was not the calamity that either of them had expected.
their bodies glistened with sweat and slick, the presence of Omega estrus hormones in the air was so concentrated the base of Sherlock’s penis began to swell and protrude. Sherlock, not once tiring in his amorous domination, grunted and  John could feel the knot bumping and dragging against his rim, tighter and tighter against his passage as it expanded.
John detected a bit of hope in his voice, could almost picture the raggedy young man sat at her side, smile small but genuine.
“That was almost Oscar-worthy. I don’t know why you’re in this business of misery when you could be writing for Del Toro and Spielberg.”
The hypothesis is that the pole shift will cause a cataclysm but the science says that is just hysteria, people may lose their way when using a compass but they will learn to compensate.
, no wonder Harlan thought it was like a spreading infection.” John rubbed his face once more, a wave of exhaustion shuddering through his body. Idly, he wondered how much longer the suppressant would be active. Through all of this, he couldn’t help but feel like he was living on borrowed time.
What he had first likened to pieces of themselves crumbling away to be lost forever, was instead more like the work of a great sculptor taking chisel to marble. With the excess carved away, it left the essence of them behind, the subtle art of their relationship was no longer hidden behind extraneous stone.
Sherlock nodded. He still looked unconvinced. John dipped his head and teased a nipple with his lips, teeth and tongue.  He swept downwards and stroked Sherlock’s inner thighs and lower belly.
John sighed.   “I don’t know.  Have you ever looked for something even though you’ve got no idea what you were looking for?  Maybe I was looking in the wrong place.  After Mary, after all that, maybe I just needed something uncomplicated.  Whatever it was, I realised when Jason died that I haven’t found it.”
“I’ve done so much for you, Mycroft. I’ve lost count how many times I’ve searched Sherlock’s flat for drugs on your insistence.  I’ve exchanged information and I’ve been at your beck and call almost constantly. I didn’t even lose my temper when Sherlock let slip that this monster cock-up was connected to your money laundering case. I’ve been remarkably fucking patient.  Let me give you a little hint though. I’m not feeling it right now.  Right now, I think you’re an enormous festering penis for letting me arrest a member of Europol and for searching his house. Don’t even get me started on the A.G.R.A shit on John’s behalf.”  Lestrade paused to breathe.
The bloke in Dagenham is the complete and utter creep that is Stephen Port.  He’s been convicted of killing four gay men but that could be a conservative estimate. The problem was that the police were far too willing to believe that the men he killed had died from drug-related misadventure.  More information, if you’re interested, here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-38045742
“She insisted on seeing you in person.”  Mycroft rolled his eyes.  “I did tell her that I could take care of it. However, her signature does ensure that no one at Whitehall can question any of this.  It was a rather neat solution.”
“I hate to bring an end to this romantic love-in, but can we have pudding?”  Sherlock asked.  “I really want pudding.”
Reluctantly, Sherlock pulled his fingers from John.  He used his robe to scrub the lube from his dildo.  He watched the men opposite while he caressed John as his fake release ebbed.   Murphy fucked the stranger with deep, hard thrusts.  The unknown man remained still while Reid used the swing to rock against him.  His eyes were still closed, but the discomfort seemed to have passed.  He emitted throaty grunts as he fucked and was fucked.
John inhaled sharply, eyes open wide. He spread out his arms and gripped the sides of the bed just to hang on as his body arched and tilted. Smoothly, Sherlock pulled the dildo from John’s arse and then slipped it back in.
When Mark Tyler saw Fabian reclined on the edge of the bed pit, his hand slipped immediately beneath his robe.   He stood before Fabian, who drew himself up to his knees and nudged Tyler’s pelvis with his nose.
“I understand,” Sherlock said. He grasped John’s chin with shaky fingers.  “I’m sorry. Take all the time you need, John.”  The kiss Sherlock gave him was chaste and beautiful and John’s heart bled.  “Pyjamas. That’s what we need.”
“Looks like you want to do dirty things too, Mr Holmes,” John noted.   He rolled his hips upwards and sighed when his cock made contact with Sherlock’s skin.
“Fuck me, that was good.” John stroked Sherlock’s hair.  “Have I told you how much I like to have your cock in me?”
“Enough.” Sherlock stared at the wound he’d made in John’s neck. The trail of blood that dripped from it into the hollow of Sherlock’s collarbone made him feel both horrified and overjoyed. No matter how brutal, it was an expression of love and commitment. Yet still, it concerned him. “How’s your neck?”
“Sherlock?” John asked.  “I know you want to perform and all, but I really want you just to fuck me. I’m going to come on my own in a minute because just the fact that it’s you inside me is turning me on so much.  I want you. Please, just fuck me.”
Sherlock climbed out of bed.  His thighs trembled as he fought with his pyjama trousers and pulled them, back to front, up his legs.   Sherlock grabbed a handful of tissues, mopped his chest and reached for his dressing gown.  He threw it on, tied it, turned and was greeted by the smiling face of John Hamish Watson.
“Hell yes,” Lestrade replied.  “As far as everyone else is concerned, we think we’re going in to stop a murder. Agreed?”
John lifted the corner of Sherlock’s Belstaff to shield his crotch from Mycroft’s view and moved aside.   Sherlock took the edge of his coat and scrunched it into his lap.  He blushed and apologised to Mycroft.  It was then that Mycroft realised that his brother had, indeed, got a stiffy in a government helicopter.
Sherlock imagined John’s sharp, pink little tongue at this entrance and one thrust in just the right spot did the rest. Sherlock came in what seemed like a torrent against John’s body. He held John’s body as his hips fucked up into him through his aftershocks. And that was when John came too, the moisture spread between them, and John’s body trembled. John’s lips were back on Sherlock’s and the kiss said so many dangerous things.
“Come on, Sherlock.” John’s voice was a gravelly, overused thing, desperate and beautiful. It betrayed all the vulnerability that John would not show. Not to Sherlock. Not to anyone. “You’re inside me, Sherlock, and I’m inside you. You need to come, love, please. For me.”
They sat in a grey interview room. Fibonacci had arrived at New Scotland Yard from prison and sat with them accompanied by a lone police officer. At Lestrade’s request, Sally Donovan observed the meeting behind the two-way mirror.
“These fitting rooms wouldn’t pass muster in fucking Primark,” Lestrade said.  He looked at the bench, grimaced and headed back to the lift, followed by Sherlock and John.  “So, I think we need at least one officer in the left and right corridors, men in the back yard, men outside the lift and men in the arse area, the penis area and then you guys will be in the main room,” Lestrade said.   “I think that just about covers it.”
“I love him.” Sherlock never knew why he’d said it or why he’d decided he needed to talk.  “I’ve always loved him. He’s my best friend.”
“Listen,” John said to Piero. “None of us get to pick who we fall in love with. It’s all chemistry and hormones and fate and whatever else.  The only thing we can control is how we deal with the chaos that gets in the way of the love.  Don’t blame the love, or the fact you felt it, for that chaos.  Love is pure; people are not. People fuck up and they make a mess and they act like idiots.  Life happens.  Sometimes, sometimes, if you’re really lucky, you find the path through it together because it’s the right time and the stars all align and it’s magic.  But, sometimes, it’s all wrong; it’s not the right time and life just fucks you over.  That didn’t stop the love from being a moment of perfection.  Blaming yourself for loving the wrong person is like blaming the earth for being between you and a buried coin. Appreciate the magic of finding it, not the shit that got in the way.”
“I can’t hold on,” Sherlock said.  “You need to touch yourself.”  The tell-tale inner warmth that indicated his orgasm was clear started to glow. John’s skin burned beneath his palms. John pumped his own cock and his body tightened around Sherlock. Their combined desperate little huffs of breaths fluttered into the air with each stroke.
“No, you can’t call Mrs Hudson to come out at this time of night to a gay brothel, Mycroft,” John said, closing his eyes.
“I’ll tell him to be on his best behaviour,” Sherlock said. He squeezed John’s hand. “I’d never risk the safety of Rosie’s godmother like that.” John raised his eyebrows. “Or my friend Molly’s.”
John’s hand moved over his own cock.  A steady dribble of precome dripped from the head as his body opened.  Sherlock withdrew his fingers until only the tips remained inside, then pushed back in smoothly. He repeated the action, aiming closer and closer to John’s prostate. His slick fingers squelched as they moved in and out of John’s tight hole.
“Oh!” Sherlock was wide-eyed. John looked at the computer screen.  An email was open on Tyler’s computer.  The subject line was A.G.R.A. and the contents very clearly included an invoice for services rendered. The email was signed Rosamund.
John blushed. He was not a man that liked attention. He was very happy to be in the background.  Sitting on a settee next to a sex swing while he pretended to be a roadie wasn’t on his list of things to do.
“No. No kissing, no biting, no marks.” Sherlock had pushed Ian’s coat off his shoulders. “Follow me,” he said and then led Ian upstairs to John’s old bedroom. Sherlock had stripped Ian of his t-shirt, his jeans, socks and shoes, then pulled off his underpants. “Prepare yourself.” He’d thrown a bottle of lube on the bed. “I’ll get condoms.”
John had diagnosed himself within an hour. He was in the flat alone with Rosie while Sherlock visited a member of his homeless network. Or something.   The pain started in his bellybutton but got worse very quickly and moved south and right. He became nauseated and his temperature rose. He phoned Sherlock.
“John, John,” Sherlock intoned and he nudged John’s head with his own. Sherlock’s knot had formed already and was desperate for entrance. He started to stroke John faster. Despite his arousal, Sherlock’s mind flitted to remember that he may never have bedded John had he not taken the advice of a stranger. “God, John, I wanted you so much. That’s why I did it. I needed you, John. You have to understand.”
Sleepy sex, some disaster, a dodgy chair and some hospital sex. I mean, what's not to love? *coughs*
“Bring it over,” Sherlock said. He’d tried to see the thing, but it was too far behind him.  It was surprisingly heavy, but John managed to drag it to Sherlock’s bedside. “Oh.” Sherlock’s lips twitched. “Oh.”
“Sherlock?” John asked as he made lunch.  “Why are you okay with people seeing us make love or, at least, fake it?  You’ve mentioned you fantasizing about me in the bed pit.  Does this turn you on?”
“Good.” He went silent for handful of tense heartbeats. “I’m just about to get on a chopper with Mycroft.  The local police have been called and we’ve got armed response in another helicopter.  We’re on our way. Get to the driver and sit tight.”
“Reinforced cabin, including the glass. Terrorism.  I mean, I don’t think it would survive forever but we’re probably alright for a bit.” Sharan rattled her car keys at Rosie who made a grab for them.
Now, did you guess who Tyler was correctly?  And what about that wodge of moolah? Oh, and I couldn't resist subtly (Maybe) taking the piss out of the disc thing. Oh, the fucking discs... *rolls eyes*. Read the chapter and we'll chat at the end...
“I need to show you how important you are to me,” John continued.  “I love you when you’re so sodding horny, you take my breath away. I love you when you wake up and take care of Rosie so I can sleep for another hour. I love you when you make the kitchen stink with your experiments, even though I think I shouldn’t. I love you when you’re grumpy, when you’re on a case and forget I exist, and when you stay at home to look after Rosie even though it’s driving you mad.  I love you when you freak out over a thank you, and when you won’t touch me because you’re scared of hurting me, even though you might come home to find me humping your fucking coat if you don’t shag me soon.  And I love you, even as you sit here, and a thousand different thoughts are going through that marvellous, dangerous mind.”  John reached into his pocket. Sherlock’s heart thudded in his ears. He wanted to run because this was so alien to him, but the desire to stay was stronger.  “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you please just marry me for heaven’s sake?”
Herein are a lot of facts and figures about member's fees at Langridge's. Don't worry about them, there won't be a quiz later.  They're there to show you what class of people are attending, so to speak.
.  A moment of paradise in a world full of longing. The man looked up.  John squeezed his eyes shut quickly.
Lestrade started to cough.  He choked, in fact. Sherlock thumped his back with far more force than necessary.
Sherlock rutted against him, faster and harder until John’s cries became a muffled howl of pleasure and he came and came. Sherlock moved against him a few more times and John fought his eyes open.  Sherlock’s back arched, every sinew tightened, and he came hot against their bellies.  As Sherlock crumpled, John rolled them so they could lie comfortably to get their breaths back.
John rode him hard and fast, his knees dug into the mattress, his hands clasped with Sherlock’s. He sighed when he took Sherlock deeper and deeper and his sweat dripped from his skin. Sherlock’s penis thickened with the feral joy of John’s scent dripping on his chest. John’s natural lubricant dribbled between Sherlock’s arse-cheeks, and he wanted to feel it inside him. He needed to know what it was to absorb yet more of John Watson.
“So, I decided,” John continued, “that I’d do something a little different.” John took hold of Sherlock’s hands and pulled them around him, until John’s arse was in his hands.  “What might you deduce there?”   Sherlock caressed the skin beneath his fingertips and then moved inward, into the crease and, oh,
Now in position, Sherlock eased his fingers back inside John.  He twisted them and nudged John’s prostate again.
“Maybe this place is rubbing off on you,” John said. Sherlock seemed temptingly close. “Don’t worry about it.”
John was dressed all in black.   That meant wearing the bloody combat trousers again, but so be it.  The cool metal of his gun against his back calmed him.  Sherlock wore black too.  John decided he looked like a sex ninja.  He was very pleased that Sherlock had worn his Belstaff so no one but John saw his arse in those trousers.
“Good,” Nathan replied. “I’m sure Mark’s innocent of anything you might level at him. Deep down, he’s an open book.”
Sherlock showered faster than he ever had. He was rinsing his hair when the aroma overtook him; John, John, John. Oh, the blessed smell of Dr Watson swelled Sherlock’s cock in seconds and made his decision to forgo the use of a towel.
Of course Sherlock wanted him out of the way. It was so perfect, wasn’t it? Somehow he and Mycroft had twisted this around and made it look like it was John’s decision but really, they wanted him out. He was a liability, a loose cannon…and there was no way of knowing what John would do once his heat came into full force.
There is some pretty strong foreshadowing in the original story that someone is going to get abducted, specifically the following passages:
“I don’t think so, I think Andrew got him with the same shite the trafficking ring used to knock out Omegas. When he went down, Andrew pulled out a gun, not sure what kind. I couldn’t stop him, I
“The cataclysmic pole shift hypothesis suggests that there have been geologically rapid shifts in the relative positions of the modern-day geographic locations of the poles and the axis of rotation of the Earth, creating calamities such as floods and tectonic events.”
“John?” Sherlock blinked sleepily up at him, looking all the world like a small child just waking up from a nap. He shifted a bit, the front of his shirt and the lacerations against his chest coming into view once more. John clenched his jaw, promising to examine Sherlock’s wounds thoroughly when they were back at 221b once more. They didn’t appear life threatening, or even all that painful, but John knew an Alpha in heat could ignore quite a bit when fully riled up.
“I don’t understand, what do you mean it was supposed to be over?” John ran a rough hand over his face, suddenly realizing how bloody exhausted he was as he stumbled across the room.
It was Chesney. John quickly brought the mobile to his ear, stomach lurching with a strong wave of dread.
“Come again?” John fixed him with a stare, feeling his patience wearing thin, a note of anger clinging to the edges of his voice.
I said Lisa’s been shot and Sherlock’s been taken!” Chesney’s voice was too loud, staticky, and reverberating painfully into John’s ear.
. A part of him was sickened, ashamed that he was wasting time worrying that some Omega would try to take advantage of Sherlock while he was gone. But another part of him, a dark and savage part, wanted to find Andrew, gouge out his eyes and make him regret ever putting his filthy hands on Sherlock in the first place.
"They came for me once." She spoke, voice echoing exhaustion. "If I register and make myself public, they'll be able to find me again. They said they would.
if he wanted to be any help finding Sherlock. The flumazenil still needed some time to be effective, but time was a luxury John simply could not afford.
“So what are you going to do now, if you don’t mind me asking? I have it on good authority that everyone involved in the trafficking ring has been caught.”
It didn’t really matter though, it seemed they’d arrived at their destination, and John would feel relieved but for the pounding of his heart and the throbbing in his groin. He fidgeted in his seat, his pants feeling uncomfortably damp and heavy.
Acceptance that they have always been this way and that the ownership is mutual (will complete John’s character arc):
It was a simple thing, but just arrogant and disrespectful enough to set a fire alight in John’s blood, and he ground his teeth, pondering what was keeping him from shooting this arsehole directly in the chest.
If Sherlock had been here, John knew he would do something clever, possibly involving disguises and subterfuge, but Sherlock was locked-up inside, in God knows what state and John did not have the time nor the luxury of being clever. The only thing he really had working for him was the element of surprise and he was betting Sherlock’s life on the fact that these men, whoever they were, would never expect a physically unimpressive but really,
Sherlock only nodded and pushed himself unsteadily to his feet. He was calm now, in control, the knowledge of their situation clearly painted on the tense lines of his face. John wiped his own bloodied lip on his shirt sleeve, reminding himself to avoid all mirrors until he could see to Sherlock first. There was no telling how much damage Andrew had done before Sherlock put him down like a dog.
Because this story is written from John’s point of view we just see how he believes Sherlock sees himself and what Sherlock says to John; he might be correct or he might not…
As if on cue, John felt a rush of warmth in the seat of his pants, and was thankful that, this time, he knew he needn’t worry. With trembling fingers, he managed to turn and face Sherlock, whose flushed face watched with an expression of such open fascination and desire that any insecurity was blown away in its entirety. John clumsily began to work on his flies, his fingers shaking with arousal.
“Chesney’s trying to convince me. To be honest I’d rather not but...since I started this, I owe it to Harlan to see it through.”
would fare if he and Sherlock were separated. At the time, he’d been sure he could endure anything if it meant Sherlock was better off... but he’d never really stopped to think how he would feel if their relationship fell apart
In the end, he thought it just as well he stayed silent, for Sherlock’s next sentence was so quiet John could barely hear it over the lazy breeze through the trees.
