“Just, let me.” He mutters, knees finally under him enough that he can get his hands out in front of him, can get his fingers to fumble at the waist of Steve’s jeans. For his part, Steve just sits and stares at him for a long minute. His chest is heaving and his hands have stilled to rest in the crook between Tony’s hips and thighs, thumbs laying just close enough to get Tony’s cock aching.
"Nothing, Tony it's fine really. Eventually I'll get hot and it'll go away." Steve shrugs, burrows deeper and has the audacity to smile weekly at Tony. And, okay, this is an out, a really easy hear-no-evil-see-no-evil out. Steve obviously has done this very dance before and understands the mechanisms. Tony could go back to his own little sitting room upstairs to enjoy his drink. Tony could step out and not mention it again, ignore the array of folded blankets that found their way slowly into this room over the last few months and pretend he never saw Steve buried under them with all the wariness of his 90 plus years. Tony could leave Steve alone and pretend he doesn’t understand that Steve specifically chose the common room to avoid that very thing.
“Fool.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” Yinsen says without turning and Tony allows himself to lay back and glance over at the battery. It’s not shocking the way it had been when he lived this, but the clarity that he really has to go through it all again stings. Although he knows what’s under the bandages, he decides to play this out right. When everything is pulled off enough for him to see the metal protruding he almost wants to hitch off the bed again. Maybe it will start somewhere else this time, maybe it won't hurt so much, maybe he’ll get to skip the intro.
“We can stop kissing.” Tony offers, but can’t muster much conviction for it. They both know it will only be a matter of time before Tony starts whining for a peck and then a couple more and then they will be right back here all over again. The first step in getting over an addiction is admitting you have one. Then again, Tony has absolutely no desire to even get the first meeting chip for this particular vice.
Blinking lights and a rag over his mouth as he tries to wake up.
“I…” Steve answers then clears his throat and straightens his shoulders like this is somehow a battle he needs to brace for. “I thought I’d see how you were.”
“Thank you for believing me.” He chokes out and it is not necessary, but oh it really really is.
Steve’s answering smile is part bashful, part mischief and all stunningly beautiful and Tony just wants to bask. He wants to stand here in the common living room and shiver as Steve hooks a finger through his belt loop, wants to tilt forward and brush their chests together, wants to kiss him here in the bright daylight where anyone could find them.
"I won't ever judge you, Tony. Never."
“Yes! We can’t be sure something won’t-” Rhodey jumps up to stop him from tying the first knot. Tony slaps his hand away and cuts him off again.
“Tones.” He breathes out without turning to look at the genius.
“I’m not following.” Tony admits, but his hand keeps running through Steve’s hair, the other is starting to rub circles into his back. It feels so perfect, feels like something his body’s been missing for years.
“Please tell me you are kidding.” Tony asks, even though he feels his entire body jittering at the other man’s concealed humor. Using his toes, he spins back in forth in the chair to release some of the happiness bumping around every bone in his body. God, why did he put this call off.
“I know.” Jarvis soothes, hand tightening on his wrists to force more cool water into the palms. “You cannot touch a hot pan like that, Tony. How did you not notice how hot they where?”
The sitting room is just as he left it, but again there is a strange atmosphere lingering in the shadows. Before he can analyze it fully though, the soft rhythm of his song is interrupted by Jarvis letting him know the coffee is finished brewing.
“Seems reasonable,” FRIDAY responds, finally. Tony ignores it.
“That’s only less generic than asking what I’m wearing.” And God there is that wonderful huggable embarrassment. For a wall of muscle the guy really embodies like a confused puppy.
Nothing in the scan gives him any reason to keep hoping, but he can’t turn back now. No matter how the chilled air seems to seep in all around him, no matter how the dark expanse of the night and storm blur the world, no matter how much he hates himself for even being here, he can not turn back now. Turns out Tony didn’t need to send the guy a burner phone to promise he would come in his time of need. Everyone knew he would, no one was even surprised when Tony bursted into that dilapidated safe house in eastern ukraine and demanded the runaway captain’s last known location.
“How long was I out there?” His voice is soft and raspy, pressed firmly into the top of Tony’s head. For a moment Tony lets the question lay there, just burrows his face deeper into Steve, breathes and shudders with the relief of how warm he feels now.
They are quiet for the elevator ride, glancing at each other and looking away like they are sharing a secret with each glance. They don’t always look up at the same time and without the deep brown locking him in place, Steve finally takes in what Tony is wearing. He nearly swallows his tongue.
“Did you burn yourself, Cucciolo?”
He drags his thumb up the side of Tony’s, feels the way their skin catches against the little scars and calluses littering Tony’s skin. His middle finger rests on the knuckle of Tony’s ring finger. He pulls it up and back over the skin there, imagines feeling brushed and imperfect tungsten instead.
He understands it then. Tony’s been missing this too. All those looks, all that pain and sorrow when Steve walked away from him. Tony knew what they were to each other and Steve left him alone, Steve abandoned him. It took him over a month and a half to figure it out and even then it was Tony that got them here. Tony asked him out, Tony got Steve to kiss him, Tony did it all not knowing if Steve would ever come back to him.
“Crap, crap. Water.” Tony yelps and springs to his feet, bowl clacking on the floor and wine sloshing out onto the forgotten pancakes. He wavers and Rhodey springs up to help him, even though his own legs feel about as solid as still liquid jello. “Where is water in this place?!”
––   Miranda Lambert
“You are ridiculous.” She chokes out and then lets the chuckle bubble up until she is grinning and shaking her head. When Tony’s face breaks into a wide smile of his own she beams back large enough that her eyes crinkle nearly closed.
“Oh says Mr. Perfect Rainbows and Sunshine.” Stark snarks and Steve beams. Stark is letting out an array of little giggles and breathy chuckles and Steve wants to bask in it.
“I like you, too.” Tony tells him with a chuckle, kissing his temple more firmly. Steve laughs back, though it’s a slow and far away thing. His smile is dragging back and forth across Tony’s skin and it could be ticklish if it didn’t feel so sweet. Tony just holds him closer, presses his face into his hair and relishes the wonderful feeling of Steve all around him, surrounding him from every angle.
“Certainly. Your coffee just finished brewing if that would help.” The mention makes him slump further down, leaning to rest his hands and head on the top of the dresser. Something is happening, something is wrong.
Just as Tony starts to consider the chances that they might spontaneously combust any minute, the pace starts to mellow out. The sweeps of Steve’s tongue grow more exploritory than owning, the bites of his teeth no longer so close to drawing blood. It settles and shifts and Tony’s body is going lax with each soft sucking kiss.
Four days after his last conversation with Iron Man, he walks into the communal kitchen and sees Tony Stark sitting over a tablet and coffee mug. It is odd to see him here in the middle of the day, usually Stark flows in and out of the area at times both too late and too early to be called morning or night. He looks exhausted, back curled over and gaze hazy on the glowing screen. There is no steam rising from the mug and Steve cranes up a bit to see it is nearly empty.
Steve blinks his eyes open, a soft smile warming his face. “Sure, Tony,” He says and pulls himself up to sitting again. Tony grabs a piece of salami and some bright yellow cheddar then holds them to Steve’s lips. He opens his mouth and takes the food in, lets his tongue brush along the pads of Tony’s fingers. “Thank you.”
The other part is so unreasonably excited by the idea of waking up to Steve in his bed tomorrow, it just might burst right out of his skin.
The pain is too much, the yelling and the lights and the pain, the pain, the pa-
Still, the wind is fully knocked out of both of them and they lay in the heap for sometime before the last bit of adrenaline pushes Tony up and out of the now broken plating.
To add on top of everything, sometimes during his run or walking to lunch he will pass by some storefront and stop to stare at it. Sometimes it is just a feeling, some urge to go in and see if they still have the red scarf he remembered eyeing a few months ago. Sometimes there is some half faded memory, not unlike those before he got the serum, tickling the back of his head. He walks passed a little Italian restaurant and can practically taste the butter in their specialty carbonara, knowing full well he never once set foot in the establishment.
By the time they get to base, the glimmer has faded and Rhodey is too busy thinking about how glad he is to see Tony’s stupid smirk to even care about what he might have seen. Tony is alive and back right where he belongs, being a frustrating idiot. Rhodey would have searched that desert for the rest of his life, would do it several lifetimes over.
“What, maybe Clint wanted to use your room.” He insists and Steve lets out a fresh set of giggles. Leaning forward and clasping a hand on Iron Man’s shoulder to hold himself upright in the chair. Iron Man sounds positively gleeful at the turn, little static noises joining in with Steve’s snorts and chuckles. “It’s usually the cleanest!”
Here lies Tony Stark. He died as he lived, face down on the floor of his work shop in a puddle of mysterious fluids. It’s his last truly coherent thought before things go hazy around the edges and he can no longer hear FRIDAY reassuring him that emergency responders are on their way. He would be angry at himself for making a fucking joke of this, but really the pain is out of this world and he needs some sleep before he can bring himself to care. Or better yet, panic about not waking up once his eyes close.
They both flinch a little at the name and then meet eyes in some silent consoling gesture. Tony doesn’t really think he deserves to have it returned, Pepper actually spent time with the man, but the loss still hit him hard. He liked Agent–Phil. There was something nice about his straight man routine and deadman humor that clicked with Tony’s own. He regrets all the lunches and meetings he shoved off on Pepper, wishes he’d given more of his time.
“I thought so too, but only you and Clint are in there all that regularly and I doubt either of you are using them.” He points out, arms still gesturing too wide and erratic. Talking about it all just makes everything more real, more insane.
There are nights, more often than not really, that Tony sits alone in this same room for the exact same reason. It is the least lonely room in the whole Tower, even completely empty. There is a ring on the coffee table from the time Clint left a McDonalds cup on it for three days. There are six pairs of shoes stacked on the far wall, all but two Natasha’s (the other two have been there for months and can only fit Bruce or Clint, but both completely refuse to take ownership). One of Thor’s jackets is always tossed on the back of the red recliner closest to the kitchen and there is always a few recipes tossed on the side table next to it, always different, always picked up by the cleaners before lunch and always re-spawned by dinner. Sometimes Bruce leaves a mug of cold tea on the coffee table, sometimes Natasha leave a few knifes on the window bench next to Steve’s sketchpad and pencils. Even now, a stack of papers Tony left there yesterday sits in it’s usual spot just adjacent to Clint’s ring on the table.
His hands are out of his control, like he’s just now acquired fingers and doesn’t know how to make them bend. They’re cold too, but his throat is raw from the tube and he needs water. There is a cup to his left, on a table he recognizes but can’t think about past the dry rough cough aching for release. When the cup clashes into the hard floor, his cough escapes in two rough curling bursts that pull his body fully onto his left side.
“High praise.” Steve tells him, chuckling along and looking far too pleased at Tony’s inability to stop giggling. Fuck, he just looks so happy and Tony had something to do with that. He put that stupidly fond look on that far too beautiful face and he can’t stop the swell of pride.
“They have him, Tony. He is safe. You both are safe.”
“Noted, now get going baby.” Tony pulls the door closed over Pepper’s lap once she slides inside. Rhodey gives the tinted window a dirty look, but does turn back to the building soon enough. Happy waits and seems ready to speak, but Tony cuts him off by ordering them to go see the arc reactor.
“I know it was him Rhodey.” The reassurance is not necessary and Tony feels a little lost at his friend’s reaction. Rhodey never told him. This rage is pure righteousness, something deep like satisfaction and horror at being right in the man’s dark eyes. How long had Rhodey believed Stane capable of something like this?
“No, non è il mio bambino. Non mio figlio, per favore.”
The plan works almost perfectly. Almost, as it always is with him, not quite a strong enough word.
When Coulson dies he feels Stark sag, curl around himself in sorrow. Steve wants nothing less than to hold him down, feels disgusted the feeling ever occurred to him. He doesn’t want Stark under him anymore, wants to hold him up somehow. There is a deep need in him to comfort, but his words don’t seem to work and before he can try to understand what things Stark needs to hear, they are rushing off again.
Steve blinks at him and a thread cuts, tumbling them back into the present moment. His focus shifts and he looks down at the pile on his lap, covering the feet he’s tucked up under himself. Tony finally feels free to move and starts to make a very hasty retreat, when Steve looks up and locks him in place again. "I had a nightmare."
“Yeah, that’s fine. You can be quiet right, Pep?”
“Deep breath in before you shoot it.” He nods solemnly and does as instructed, exaggerated but earnest. Then he tips back and pours the amber liquid back with more grace than the alcohol should allow. It’s exactly as she would expect and somehow still jarring.
When Tony gets him upright he lets the repulsors flicker on just a bit and runs them just over of Steve’s skin, thawing the ice and warming it in slow bursts. They’ll need to fly back to the one unruined building back where Tony stopped earlier and Steve needs to be warmed before Tony can take him through this storm.
“No it wasn’t!” Steve yelled in embarrassment.
“How long have you been delivering that speech, Eyepatch?”
he tried to convey.
He obviously meant it as a joke, but there was a split-second strike of fear that had Tony’s heart start hammering in panic. He didn’t want to be known, and he thought he knew he wasn’t being recognized. That meant two options: Steve had somehow skipped through his whole life (impossible, he’d be born in the height of his initial fame, honestly) or he was a master of keeping his surprise hidden.
“You are sometimes annoying, and this? Random things about me?” He poked the man on the cheek with his free hand. “It does. Things. Don’t do it Tony.”
“I don’t get jealous.”
“Me too, sweetheart,” he reached for Steve’s neck and brought him down to a kiss. This felt even more electrified, and Steve was sliding his hand on his waist, and
“Dum-E wouldn’t like that. And who was the new one? U?”
He caught up with Steve, who was looking straight at the sea, where the sun was going to rise.
Tony swallowed an innuendo in, and flashed a grin. “Oh, we are going to have an itinerary."
Steve barked out a laugh, because it was so random, and so, so
Tony capped his bottle and held it by its neck, and stashed his chocolates in the paper bag. Resolutely, he stood up, ignoring some people, and walked towards the blue-eyed stranger.
Steve looked at him at the corner of his eyes. “But we’re just walking, why would that already make you ache?”
helping.”
“Yeah.” Steve nodded, embracing him. He didn’t think that was a bad thing. “And I’m never going to leave.”
he desperately shouted in his head.
That was safer grounds.
to him. These types of things happened in fairy tales. Love at first sight didn’t happen to his mom and his dad, nor Bucky and his numerous girlfriends, or his neighbors at home. You formed bonds with those people that are similar with you, with shared experiences, hence why his parents got together, and everyone else: war, hunger, and poverty.
Though the other man could really use some relaxing. He looks like he was in parade-rest all the time, and he was
his mind shouted, amidst his ragged breathing. Why did Steve want to see the sunrise with him? Because those things—those are for
The elevator was quiet, and as they reached the first floor and the elevators opened, the employee looked at them both and laughed.
That feeling of
“I didn’t,” Steve responded immediately.
“We have privileges, honey boo,” he pouted. “But fine.”
Silently, he opened his own door and slumped on the seat. At his silence, Happy turned around in worry.
“Tony, baby, you’ve got to wake up.” He whispered, kissing his ear and then blowing air in it.
Tony watched as he bent down and pulled out a towel from his bags—when did they
A moment of silence descended upon them, and Tony shifted in his hold, to look at him.
“Don’t, please.” He pleaded. “Just close you eyes for me, baby. Please.” He murmured. “Close your eyes when I leave. I can’t—I can’t walk away from you if I know you’re there waiting for me.”
“Steve—“, he protested weakly, pushing himself up. The arc reactor suddenly intruded in his mind
Steve didn’t mean to stare at everything. It was just—so surreal, seeing so many people, that were just
He stroked his hand on the other man’s back, and he started to massage him lightly, feeling the tension. “I wanted to call you, I really did. I know I should’ve checked on you and found a way to contact you,” he whispered, planting soft kisses on the man’s face, wiping the few tears that had escaped from Tony’s eyes. “Baby, I’m sorry, please, forgive me.” He lifted him up, and he nudged Tony’s lips with his own, for him to open, and it made him feel relieved that Tony did, pliant in his grasp.
Steve had to break out a laugh at that, pleased to see the smile on Tony’s face. “I know you would.”
Steve huffed out a laugh, and suddenly they were swaying.
“Oh you haven’t done it before?” The tone had something vaguely curious but something other than that as well.
“I was doing a superhero pose,” Tony admitted, watching the other man’s visage go from embarrassed to interest. “I thought it was funny at the moment, and then—“, he chuckled again, earning a pout from the other man, “—you just high-fived me! Admit it, it’s funny!”
and he had made the adorable man blush till he was going to explode.
“—having a fun time.” Tony said out loud. Steve was halfway to the door as he turned around.
He knew he was joking, and it was inappropriate. But sometimes, things get too serious, and he was just trying to break the somber mood. He just wanted to see Steve smile.
Buildings lit up into small lights, forming this little harmony, like they were living under the lights of the stars, and it reflected onto the lights below.
Steve’s cheeks began to redden despite trying to will it away. “
Everyone gets stuffy in elevators, awkward when other people than those who know them are there.”
Mr. Blondie, don’t give me that, there are many things I forget but remembering who steered the conversation away isn’t one of them. I’ve got half a mind to yell at you more, but I’m starving. We’re going to eat.”
“Billionaire, former playboy, genius, philanthropist, Steve.” Tony corrected, resting his chin between his pecs. That made him blush a little, but he figured this was a thing that Tony did, and he loved Tony, so he’s going to yuck it up because he looked honestly adorable. “You’ve got to remember that.”
When they got onto their floor, the air was tense, and a bit constricting. Tony unlocked their door, quietly, mind still
“I do
sparks.” Tony laughed, resting his head on Steve’s chest.
“Not going to ask who I am, Captain?”
Tony huffed. “Yeah, a lot of things that I thought were impossible happened in one night.”
Then here comes Steve, with his stupid smile.
He really was gone, and Tony Stark felt a chill go through his body.
?” He uttered, disbelief on his face. “What’s
He took the paper with the apple, and immediately lost his composure.
Tony faced him fully, shifting his position until they were face-to-face. “Would… you, want that, Steve?”
He whined.
“No. Room.”
The feeling of being in-the-moment, of being fully aware of where you are, and what you’re doing. The feeling of knowing who’s with you.
that was using it.
A fleeting thought of-
“Did my genius concoct something at the dead of midnight again?” Steve teased.
from the video website.
“Well, yeah, what’s not amazing about that? You’re intelligent, Tony.” He meant it, because someone who just had those degrees weren’t pushovers. Had a company that apparently did “green energy and technology”, whatever that meant today. And he was just, so, brilliant. He suddenly felt small, and insignificant. “God, I’m—I’m.” He went silent.
Tony swept his eyes up and down, whistling. It made Steve’s cheeks heat because the man wasn’t subtle, really. “Can’t notice, darling.”
“Not so,” he commented. “I tried to trip you earlier. And you told me I was a jerk.”
and they were on top of the tower.
“You know,” Tony whispered, just like they were sharing secrets, as if they’ve known each other for a long time. “—I don’t think I want to sleep, which isn’t a first, if you want to know something about me.”
“You just got to know me, Tony.” Steve answered honestly, staring up at him. He shifted him downwards, and then he was kissing him again. “You just got to know me.”
“Nah,” Tony shook his head. “-I’m fine, despite bulldozing on me. Continue doing your running.” He waved his hand. “I’m chill.”
“That’s—that’s actually reassuring.” Tony gave a smile. “I’ve been paranoid for half a day. I can’t buy something without someone yelling my name. I’m glad you were someone raised in some cave, because wow, you are the
“Steve.” Tony whispered, breathless.
Tony laughed, and god, this fella was
“It’s the New York magic.” The taller man whispered. “It brings out feelings.”
Their time was up.
He feared that this was one of those products that will out him once again that he wasn’t from this century, and somehow he’ll just spill the secret that he hasn’t been alive for seventy years just by a golden ball.
Steve’s cheeks heated up, understanding what he meant by that.
(That’s what voice changers were for, anyway, but it’d be so
“Well, okay, okay, me barging in from your cloud of… thinking?” The brown-haired man waved his hand nonchalantly.  Steve noticed the bag of chocolates on his other hand and the bottle of alcohol he clutched. “In your cloud must’ve disrupted you. So, yeah. You alright? Are you in shock or something?”
“Tony,” he flushed, “—we’ve talked about this.”
and honestly he wasn’t listening anymore because that was one of the nicest things someone has ever said about him and his extravagance.
Steve clasped together his hands, and stared off to the other side, to a tree. “Stall the time machine. I wouldn’t have met you if I changed anything differently.”
He winced a little, waiting for the ‘
“They tried a lot,” Steve chuckled morosely. “That night with you was the only time I was actually out of SHIELD premises.”
“I’m… not really hungry, Tony,” Steve mumbled, but that was a lie because he was in a constant state of hunger for the past week. “-also, I had eaten in the Grand Central Terminal? What was that, a café?”
Steve’s laugh was a rumble, and he felt a kiss on his head. “Well, I kind of was… inspired, by someone.” He tugged him even closer, if that was possible, and Tony welcomed the tighter hug. He just felt relaxed, and loose. Happy. “I thought, I should give something to the man that made my life a whole lot brighter.”
God, he wanted an out.
The other man rolled his eyes, then directed an undecipherable look towards him. “Right.” He patted his face. “Tourist, huh?”
Which, by the way,
Both he and Steve went silent when the waiter delivered their dinner, a weird sense of silence descending between them. It seemed like no one of the two knew how to respond to the earlier incident; was Tony supposed to say thank you? He really should.
The man’s visage complemented the view of the sky he had, anyway.
Steve said, awed. “From earlier—with Agent Romanoff!”
The elevator finally gave a
Tony snorted. “I’ve been calling you nicknames ever since we met, honey. I think ‘baby’ is excusable.”
“The… billionaire genius, right?”
It was something that he thought he would never have, much less into this frightening future.
Tony’s eyes began to move, and he blinked blearily awake. His hand tentatively reached out to caress Steve’s face, and the slow delight that built up on his face made Steve lose his breath. “Oh, wow, I could get used to a view like this, damn.”
He sought out Tony’s hands, and held them close to his chest. His heart was beating fast.
Tony stayed quiet for a moment or two, before he took Steve’s hand again.
Fury nodded, and turned to leave, apparently to ‘check with the WSC’, which Steve had later learned to coin as
When they separated, Tony had a
and somewhere down the road that
Tony stared at him before walking behind him. “Well, yeah,” he said, and Steve fell for him even more because he didn’t disapprove for the topic change (and he’s been doing that all night long, this man was the most generous person he’s ever met in his whole life, second to his mother), “—it’s because charges from the storm want to ground themselves. Positive, negative atoms go and get angry in the sky, and then they separate, and a lightning flashes, and it wants to find something stable.”
He gave them a nod and moved briskly, stopping when one of them called out.
“Whoa big guy,” Tony patted his arm, bringing him out of his thoughts. “You alright? You went through some kind of tunnel of existential crisis right there. It’s just a ball of chocolate.” He brought another one out of his bag. “Come on, you look like Ferrero Rocher killed your dad.”
afraid, that this will disappear once again, like how he crashed in the ice.
because you’re going to have the talk. The talk that could make or break their… unique relationship, and if there’s anything that he wants constant in his life, are unique relationships.
He was just, so tired, especially when he just learned that his birthday was in a month
“Hah!” He laughed and sneered to no one. “Fuck you! You bunch of douchebags!”
“Citier?”
“Yeah?” Tony breathed, and he wiped his eyes. “And I’m going to kiss you on the top of my building. I’ll find sparks and everything.”
He knew that he was Iron Man.
at the same time.
“Tony.” He laughed, just glad that Tony was next to him. Learning to not mind Tony’s little ministrations was more fun than not experiencing them at all. It was probably the same as how he kept stroking Tony’s back. “I still need this. Got to save the world as Captain America, after all.”
Idly, he took note of the time, having a feeling that the night will bring something surreal.
“Yeah, somehow that made me go to you, and now I’m having the best time of my life.”
Steve wasn’t stupid nor ignorant. He knew who Tony Stark was now.
Tony heaved as he broke off. Steve was flushed, but he didn’t know why the man felt so angry. “You—“, he attacked him with another kiss, “—little,” then another, “—shit.”
“God, JARVIS, not you too.” He breathed out, mind aching. “I don’t
Natalie?” Steve wondered, remembering the name. Something about being his secretary but also jabbing a needle in him? He had to ask that in the future, but now, he shook his head. “Her name’s Natasha.”
indecent.”
he prayed to anyone who would hear his thoughts,
“It’s a Brooklyn accent!” Tony exclaimed. “Oh my god.”
He looked up. “And you shine, Tony, you do.” Steve’s voice was cracking. “God, I love you.”
“Yeah, nitrogen fixation, ammonia, et cetera.” Tony waved his hand. “It’s when dinitrogen gets converted into ammonia, and it happens because there’s nitrogen gas in the atmosphere. You know that air is comprised of different percentages of elements and substances right?”
The other woman, if she noticed the subtle way Natasha had maneuvered the situation, didn’t say anything about it and just gave them a nod before leaving the room.
“What can I say?” He heard Tony say, and by the tone of his voice, he knew that the man was doing his not-smile. “Not a team player, right? Maybe wanted to try to change things up a little. You don’t know.”
Tony thought as he held tightly to the other man’s back.
The ride was quiet, except timid murmur of the radio. The taxi driver seemed to sense the somber mood, and didn’t talk to them, until they reached the pier, a sight that Tony knew would be a good view for the sunrise.
“I swayed with you earlier.”
(The winds had whipped his hair in a haphazard fashion, but he paid it no heed. He had raised his head to call the man as he descended down from the helicopter. “Dr. Banner?”
He watched as Fury regarded him with a stare, before turning around. “Well. If that’s the case, I will be getting the others here. No sense of losing time. Fucking eccentrics…”
Steve’s eyes were watering again, and Tony didn’t know who sniffled. Probably him.
he thought for the hundredth time.
Fury turned to him again, and Steve sat ramrod straight. “Captain. I suggest that you get to know your team before the first deployment mission later, since we are tracing the lead of one our agents in Europe. If we do this right, we’ll be able to call you out later for the mission.”
Tony opened his mouth before settling onto a smirk. Not a lot of people were able to amuse him a lot, and they’ve been together for a short time and he instantly felt alright with Steve.
“Thank you.” He took the card and hurried to the elevator. He didn’t need to look back to see that Steve was trailing behind him, tentative and unsure.
Steve’s heart felt like it was lodged into his throat.
again burst in Steve’s heart, and he hugged the man closer to him, making him laugh. “Yeah. I just. Thought that. I don’t know if I get to see you again, baby, and it hurts, because all the time we’ve been here, and the time we’ve spend together—“
blaring at his face.) He also heard someone walking with a loud music player, like some kind of radio but bigger than anyone’s head, propped on their shoulder. It was playing some kind of music with the singer saying things that were nothing but gunfire-sounding to him.
Steve kissed the man again, and again, and again, until even his super soldier-enhanced lungs felt like bursting. “I’m sorry, baby, please tell you’ve forgiven me,” he pleaded, putting his head on the crook of Tony’s neck. He lingered a kiss on it, stroking Tony’s back at the same time. “I let you down.”
“Well, big guy, you’re not exactly the
Tony’s eye twitched, rounding to him, glaring. Steve stopped immediately. “Okay, I can detect some type of condescension here.”
“Tony?” Steve’s concerned voice filtered in his brain. “Are you alright? I didn’t hurt you?”
The woman looked fondly understanding or anything akin to
He was scared of love, god he was so scared, but when he looks at Steve—Steve, asthmatic kid from Brooklyn, Steve, who, looked at buildings with a certain awe that only artists can only achieve, Steve, who said meeting him was worth it, Steve, who was making him believe in love again (if that was a true concept).
that when you’re the one crying, baby.” He kissed his cheeks, wiping off the tears. “I…
Tony stopped laughing. “Was—was that an
“I think I have,” Steve confessed, bowing his head. “I think I have seen the side of a man that wants to stay strong for the world and change it for the better, that other people haven’t seen before.”
that attracted his attention.
He also got them through Herald Square, with a big mall named
, if there was a god, this was an angel from heaven because he was
“What’s wrong,
Tony mumbled something under his breath, which sounded suspiciously as
The man was snickering as he opened the elevator. “Yes, Steve?”
He just—looked so
Which probably gave him this way of thinking, because it’s pretty obvious that this time, there wasn’t much of a war, or anything. Today’s war was mostly media, apparently, because Tony was afraid—well, not exactly
Tony stood there, shocked; he didn’t know how to respond, and his mouth was dry. His mind had stopped, his breathing had stilled, and his heart had clenched.
“Natasha finds you cute?”
He blinked. “Like—with sofas, and tables?”
“No, I didn’t, you did that by yourself.”
He couldn’t stop the sob that crawled into his throat. His dream was so vivid; he had remembered every single thing. Tony’s ridiculousness, his jokes, even his innuendos, and then to the tender parts of their evening, where he discovered the man who brought out his heart for everyone, the man who was so generous the world was indebted to him.
He had laughed fondly. “Good morning, Tony.”)
He knew he was being vague with everything he was saying. It seemed like Steve really didn’t have any idea who he was, because he had been spilling his stories left and right and the man had just regarded him with awe.
“We’re going to the Empire State Building.”
Tony reached up to card his fingers through Steve’s hair, and the blond relaxed to his hold. “She did? I mean. Okay. That’s horrifying that we had the Black Widow after us on the date.” He huffed. “Also, I would like to repeat, I’m not jealous. I’m just—making sure.” He paused. “It’s. It’s been two weeks, after all. I’ve got to make sure you’ll remember me.”
He snapped back to the present when he had one last member to tend to, helping them sign in before walking over to the ring to watch.
“That’s right,” James said, voice dripping with so much pride it made Clint squirm. “Cause they love you. Maybe even as much as I do.”
“Thank you, I know for a fact Joey loves Simba, so she’ll be happy to see him when she wakes up.” Peter beamed at his answer, gently getting off the bed and running over to hug his dad. Tony happily picked him up in his arms, settling him on his hip as they watched Steve check her pulse on her wrist. He then brushed some hair out of her face and kissed her forehead before slowly extracting himself from the bed. He smiled at the father and son before moving to follow them out quietly.
“Night Pop. Let me know if you need any more wisdom about dealing with your husband.”
“Your Nana died when you were four…”
What was actually a really nice evening quickly escalated into a complete shit show.
As expected, his son was loved by all his teachers. Really, all his kids were just so damn smart and great it was hard not to brag.
at her laughing fondly at the memory. They sat in comfortable silence for another forty or so minutes before they could hear Sam’s loud voice coming from down the hall.
"Hey Uncle Bucky," the young man said as he hugged the man a moment longer. They pulled back as Tony stepped forward with Miles still on his hip.
Shit, Steve thought to himself, how the hell was he supposed to handle this? He continued walking, now towards the teen who realized he was near. He did the only thing he thought was appropriate at this moment.
He took the opportunity to wipe his glasses off with his shirt as he thought about how much he loved that girl. Jarvis interrupted his thoughts with an announcement.
“Hold up,” Emerson interrupted, turning to Steve, “how come when he calls you old you don’t torture him?”
“This is the most ‘normal people car’ you’re going to get out of me. Normally I drive a two-seater but the Escalade comes out whenever I have Petey.”
“You just left in such a hurry…”
This baby – who, Steve was starting to think would grow up to be a nudist, as she stood naked in front of the tall man – then proceeded to cross her arms over her tiny chest.
"I'm sorry!" Miles exclaimed, catching the other three off guard. "You're a good guy Wade! And so is Deadpool! I didn't mean to call you bad." Peter could see Wade's eyes glistening as he reassured the sad kid.
," he whispered to her as she began to fall asleep, smiling when he heard the words whispered back.
They sat quietly for a few minutes before they heard some mumbling coming from the sleepy teen. Tony leaned back a little to let her sit up a little, arms still loosely wrapped around her.
Since Steve was a good guy, he wouldn’t leave Tony after getting the three kids thrown into the mix. He’d stay with Tony even if he had second thoughts about him.
“You know what,” the exhausted billionaire began, “I don’t know what to think right now. I’m exhausted. This is… this is all too much right now.”
“Oh, cool, hi Amanda,” Joey greeted the young girl. She smiled and waved back, remaining silent next to the teen. “What are you guys up to?” she asked Cara.
“No Howard. There will be no such thing done under my roof. You will not commit such an act against our Lord, Howard. I will not allow it!”
“Well now I don’t want to say! It is old but it’s definitely not boring.”
Or at least enough to comment on it.
“Daci?” he called out quietly, checking every inch of the apartment as he heard Steve running to join him.
Maybe dances weren’t that bad after all.
“Sure why don’t you go with that? See where that gets you? Cause this hundred year old man can still outrun you, Thumper,” he said with a smirk as he resumed stretching before demonstrating yoga poses.
“Because I didn’t care that you had a moment of weakness. It’s
“Well,” her Pop sighed with disappointment as he brought them all plates in one go, “the reason I wanted you
“Cap? Everything alright?” Sam asked with concern.
“Yeah Pops, she’s only been at my school for a few weeks. Kids speculate about what she did before, you know?”
“Going good. Look at our brave little fish,” her Tati said with a proud smile, motioning her Daddy to join them.
"So Miles found you? He told you where I was?" she asked as she rubbed her wrists in pain. Shuri looked at her a moment before helping her to her feet.
Everyone came to a stop when Peter finally got to Wade, who had to clear his throat before beginning.
“...which conversation?”
“I said, THAT’S ENOUGH!” Fury roared, able to finally separate the two with Sam being held back by Steve.
“I’ve only got one sister,” the agent clarified, “I never miss when I’m an uncle again, even if it’s for the third time.”
An adult she didn’t recognize.
“What happened?” the older brunette asked, the slightest hint of panic in his voice.
Emerson and Peter were sitting together with an empty chair for Steve and a few feet away were two teenage boys and a very angry looking woman who didn’t even bother acknowledging the man as he sat down. Mr. Campbell made his way to his seat before starting.
“Shit, Jo, that sucks I’m so sorry. Do you know how to do your own inspection?” he asked, sitting up to address her more seriously. She blinked a few times at him, looking thoroughly confused as she slowly sat up to face him.
“...great…”
“Aw! Jealous!” Joey said with equal enthusiasm.
“You finished cleaning like I asked?” Steve questioned. Peter nodded his head yes and shrugged his shoulders. “Well, your Momma comes back home tomorrow, you’ll have to survive a day without him buddy.”
“Regardless, I could use a drink,” Natasha said as she suddenly appeared with a large clear bottle and several tiny drinking glasses. “And you will be joining me,” she added before handing the doctor a tiny glass full of clear liquid.
“Ms. Barnes, Ms. Sams, if you two could keep your personal lives private, that would be greatly appreciated,” Mrs. Jacobson said with a smile as Ms. Lang finished quieting down the rest of the teens. The bell rang a moment later, and they smiled as they heard Ms. Lang groan in protest about ‘just getting them quiet’ when the crowd collectively started talking and moving to exit the cafeteria.
Turns out they're not emergency messages - thank god - or at least not what he and his Pop would categorize as emergency. His father on the other hand, being the big baby that he is, was probably writing his eulogy. Miles had apparently brought a cold home from school and he took out their sister and Dad in the process. His Pop got called into an Avengers mission and wasn't able to take care of them, so he called asking Peter to spend a few days with them and help out.
“We’re the same age, Tony?”
It was everything he dreamed of and more. And even though it felt bad to lie to his parents, he knew they’d understand once he told them. You know...when he felt ready.
But her curiosity demanded it.
“Yes,” Kimberly responded quickly. “I put the address of the cemetery in the folder. Your father he uh…didn’t want to pay for a funeral, just the hole in the ground. She doesn’t have a proper tombstone, but she has a wooden cross and she’s buried next to my mother.” Emerson carefully brought the folder to her chest, cradling it preciously with both arms.
"Uhh...Momma what were they again?"
“So it’s settled! Poppy, Grandaddy, do you mind watching the three stooges for a few hours while we go shopping?” Wade asked as he started pushing everyone off the couch.
Instantly more awake and quiet with her movements, she stalked around the corner to further investigate who this was and why she had a bad feeling in her stomach.
“Peter? Daci what the hell just happened?” Steve asked frantically as he looked each child over. Daci stood quietly, looking behind her father and frowning when he saw Vivienne approaching them. The woman had a disappointed look on her face and was speaking on a phone - which for some reason only made Daci angry.
, wants to mock you over who you love, I will happily defend you. Just like you have against racist assholes for me.”
“Okay one, you two are the reason date night was interrupted, so it’s your fault we have to catch up on touching each other. And two – children who are grounded do not get to make any rules,” Tony said as he sniffed his cup of coffee. He took a sip before dramatically humming in pleasure. Steve rolled his eyes at his husband as he turned to get the ingredients from the fridge for omelets.
“You said...fuck see this is why I shouldn’t have brought it up-”
“Oh good, because I actually forgot sunscreen,” Steve said, the Alpha sighing adorably as he started pulling a blanket out. Tony chuckled and helped him lay out the blanket before reaching in the basket for the ball Harley wanted to kick around. He tossed it to the pup who chuckled and caught it with his hands.
’ him to leave the country.”
Emerson could only nod again. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Kate spoke again.
“I didn’t say
She watched him walk to his bed as she stood there staring.
“I’m going to start on dinner,” Steve said and made his way to the kitchen with Peter following him.
“James...did you know anything about this?” Mrs. Rhodes asked, voice dripping with anger as Steve saw Keisha slowly make her way to the table away from them.
“Yeah baby?”
“Pop!” Peter groaned as he ducked away, the two smiling as they made their way back to their family.
“Open it.”
It had been a few weeks since he’d been bitten, and he was getting pretty damn good at the superhero gig. Peter had helped him train him with web slinging and using their heightened senses while Wade helped him with combat.
. Said
“What kind of cat is that?” she asked Clint, stopping in front of a huge striped cat.
“Uh fellas, everything alright in there?” he heard his husband ask from the other side of the door. He stole a glance at his little brother and ignored the pleading look and high pitched squeak.
This captured that moment beautifully.
” she asked more seriously, though her face still sported a small smile at the memory.
“He said I shouldn’t complain because I already ‘take it up the ass.’ I also confessed to Howard that Ty hit me, and the man said
So even though this would be the first time he would be meeting her face to face, he decided it would be short. No need to have a sit down when he could limit this to three minutes.
Steve brought them breakfast, which the brunette noted had chocolate syrup smiley faces with whip cream and sprinkles on the pancakes. He smiled brightly and thanked his husband after Joey shifted to sit next to him. He also noticed his husband had a little whip cream on his pancakes, though there was mostly fresh fruit on his plate.
. He needed to let Bucky go in that aspect. Pull him off the ‘perfect dad pedestal’ to give Steve the chance to be her father figure. He’d never replace Bucky as her real dad…but he needed to stop with the uncle/authoritative guardian shtick.
He wonders if he should’ve gone to grief counseling for Wade, but shook his head before continuing that thought. Yes, he was Spiderman before Wade died, but he truly felt the role after coming to terms with his first love’s passing.
EMERSON
Tony was an only child himself, but he couldn’t imagine what it’d be like to lose Rhodey – whom he’s known now for the majority of his life. Over twenty years they’ve been friends, and the thought of losing him? His heart ached at the very idea.
“Development?” Miles interrupted as Tony shared a confused look with his husband.
"I felt it, the belt, he was...beating me and I, the window was to escape..." she trailed off as tears freely flowed down her cheeks.
“ –AND not embarrass Peter.” His Pop said giving his Dad a pointed look before placing his arm on the back of Tony’s chair.
forgive you…which means…your parents will too.” She heard the woman turn and quickly walk in the opposite direction.
“I need you as my date to a fundraiser tonight.”
“Nat!” the man whined again as the redhead put a pillow on the coffee table before yanking one of his legs to prop up on said pillow. His left foot was wrapped in a brace of some kind as it sat elevated.
“I don’t know, Pop,” he finally said with his eyes downcast.
“You know what would be a big help? A wet and cold washrag to cool her off. Do you think you can get that for her?” Peter nodded furiously before squirming his way out of Tony’s arms and running to the bathroom.
“That’s our cue,” Sam said with a heavy sigh, standing up off the couch and grabbing his mate’s hand.
“Please,” she said as she stuck her hand out to stop the teen. “Here,” she added as she grabbed something in her purse, “take my business card, I’d love to treat you to lunch.”
His husband’s gaze went directly to the ceiling as Peter turned incredulously to him.
his inner thoughts reminded him, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. When he opened them, Tony was standing in front of him and had his hands raised as if he was calming a spooked animal.
“- Steven, join me for a drink,” Howard said before walking off, expecting the other Alpha to follow him. Tony shot him an apologetic look but Steve just smiled back at him before following, the two heading off down the hall as Tony contemplated following them.
“Harley, I promise you, I’m not after your Daddy for his money. I just...I really, really like him. But it sounds like your Daddy’s exes haven’t always been like that, huh? Sounds like you’ve run into a few people who treated your Daddy wrong...maybe treated
Tony looked down, opening the plastic toy to find a small gold band with four small stones. Confused, he looked up at the super soldier now on one knee in front of the genius billionaire.
“Barton and Romanoff?” he asked as Emerson untangled herself to confront Sam.
“What am I going to do Jarvis? I’m not ready to have a baby,” Tony cried into his pseudo-father’s arms. The Beta rubbed the teen’s back before placing a gentle kiss on his head.
“Cause you’re not going back to your floor?” Steve asked, pointing out the lack of movement from the brunette.
“Clint does not hate you,” he responded to her in English, which only made her whimper in his arms.
"My fathers are billionaires, there really isn't anything I want other than a companion animal in the form of a baby kitty," she said with another smile. "I talked to Kate and she thought a pet would help me, a cat would be less work than a dog and I have the subsequent research if you two wish to look over them," she said as she handed them various articles and research behind having a pet.
“Because! She…insulted my dads…” He softened a little at that, though not entirely – as they’ve had this conversation
"Clint is definitely okay with that," Clint said with a smile wrapping both arms around Daci and giving Bucky a soft smile.
“Petey” Tony said leaning against the counter, “that’s very sweet of you, but we aren’t sure if any of this is even happening, let alone if she’d want to stay with us, on top of if her case worker would even allow it.”
“Sorry Peter,” Daci said quietly, but not quiet enough for his super hearing.
“Not’ing…” she said, not so innocently since she was wearing the evidence.
His first red flag when he entered the restaurant, Obie was sitting at a table set for four. As Tony walked closer to the table, confusion written across his face, he noticed a pink jacket sitting in the chair to his godfather’s right.
“– What about fucking me? Do you want to fuck me right now, Tony?” she was being crude and blunt, she knew, but she also knew he needed to really listen to her right now.
“Ma! Pop! We’re here!” he called, looking around before hearing the cheers from the living room. So Bucky and Clint beat them there, great…
The walk back to his bedroom was peaceful and heartwarming. Her words washed over him like a soothing wave, ridding himself of the anxiety thinking about what’s his face.
“Oh, cub I’m sure he’s busy…”
Steve’s proposal interrupted her self-deprecating thoughts. “What if you just spend the night here, tonight? We have plenty of guest rooms?” His mind was working overtime how to handle this kind of situation. He can’t remember a time he’d felt this helpless. It was obvious she was scared and had been hurt. He just hopes maybe they’re the kind of people she would feel safe talking to. “I can call your guardian if it’d make you – “
His big green head shot up at that, looking at her in amazement. It seems like no one had offered to read with him before.
She was in the bathroom, brain registering the coolness of the counter top against her legs when he set her down. Her head rested against the mirror as she blinked and watched Steve grab her hand to run under the faucet in the sink. She felt Tony pull her against his chest to keep her steady, holding her arm out for Steve to tend to the wound.
That statement should’ve brought a smile to her face, but it just made her frown.
And after the week they'd had, it was nice to have a pleasant, stress free evening. He looked at that tall blonde man of his as the three walked to the elevator, who seemed to be thinking the same thing as he smiled back warmly at the genius.
“You pinky promise, Papa?” the boy asked adorably, head still buried in his Daddy’s neck but sticking his pinky out to the blonde.
“Go over the check list one more time,” he heard his ever-prepared husband ask their son.
“What do you mean? When are you talking about?”
Steve was frozen, hands held in front of him unsure what to do. Wade quickly stood back up to readjust his sunglasses and rubbed his face – which, the super soldier noted…was sans fake mustache – turning to nod at Emerson.
There were three casualties – and from the toddler's suggestion - cookies were the only cure.
He'd meant it with his whole heart about not trading them. Steve had known he was gay from a young age and never dreamed he'd be able to marry (since it was also illegal) as a frail sickly child, while he also resounded himself to never being able to have children. Yes it had kind of happened all at one, but he had waited long enough.
“So what’d you do?” Peter asked quietly.
He probably wasn’t pregnant, he told himself repeatedly as he put on sunglasses and a hat to buy a pregnancy test.
"Hello there mister giant!" his father said with an amused chuckle as Wade bent the two down so Tony could kiss the boy's cheek. The elevator dinged, the group turning to watch Pop walk in. He had a bouquet of purple tulips in one hand with bags of takeout in the other. He was also sporting...a beard?? Peter hadn't seen them in a few weeks and the bastard had apparently spent the time growing a rather magnificent beard.
“Wow. ‘Sleep with?’ This coming from the same Stevie who told me about losing his virginity by saying, and I quote ‘he had a...you know...nice member’,” Bucky mocked back, dodging the swat Steve threw his way as the blonde felt his cheeks pink.
“Babe I almost died –” he heard his Dad say pitifully, interrupted by his Pop abruptly standing up.
“Whatever you want kiddo, except maybe a home-cooked meal.”
“I just…” Miles began with his hands out in surrender. “I wanted to be like you. Like dads…”
“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” Tony pouted at the ceiling as Daci helped him finish cleaning the kitchen.
“H-hey,” she stuttered out.
“Jokes are supposed to be funny,” she accused with a glare as she watched Clint fail to hold back a laugh.
“Holy fuck Stevie you’re serious?!” Bucky asked, eyes comically wide as his scent instantly changed to happy and proud. Steve’s smile grew as he nodded yes, pushing a little love into the bond and beaming when he felt it in return. “That’s so fucking rare! I can’t...haven’t there only been like a handful in existence?”
“You are however grounded for a week,” Steve said, smiling when the teen groaned as he moved his hand to ruffle her hair. “Alright, I think we’ve all had enough for one night; it’s late. Why don’t you two come sleep in our room tonight? We can talk more tomorrow,” he said petting his daughter’s hair. Emerson slowly got off Tony’s lap to stand up, stretching and yawning.
“Mr. Rogers! So good to see you, sorry for the circumstances. Harley kiddo, I’ll see you tomorrow morning, okay?” Darcy Lewis, Harley’s Beta teacher said with a bright smile.
Steve looked up to the sky, thinking for the first time how disappointed in him Bucky would be. He imagines it differently, if Bucky had found Joey crying at her mom’s grave, bottle in hand. How he would’ve just sat with her, probably take a swig of the drink as he pulled her onto his lap. Fuck, he was a much better dad than Steve would ever be.
“Oh, gross. Can’t you see children are trying to eat here?” he groaned loudly.
Tony knows her sperm donor used to get drunk before engaging in his favorite activities. Tony got drunk – Emerson would bet money on it ¬– due to his PTSD and being alone in this big tower and was now trembling from guilt. She counts herself lucky it didn’t work out with those cunts from school; he clearly needed her right now.
“Everything okay with Joey?” Steve asked, still out of breath from his workout with Sam.
"Come in!" Tony called, expecting it to be Pepper and frowning when he saw Ty walk in with his stupid smile. "Oh great it's you. Hey can you close the door on your way out."
He was
STEVE
“Why don’t you come hang out in my room?” he suggested with a smile, she looked up at him with hope before the nagging voice reminded her.
“Is that what this is about?” his Pop piped in with a sad expression on his face.
“Who’s Bucky?” the brunette asked gently.
“Kiddo,” he began slowly, “please don’t make me force you to do this.” She glared back at him, tears forming in her eyes as she sat back defiantly away from him.
“There’s already no contact orders, restraining orders, and she’s got the Avengers on her side if need be. Don’t stress over this, Bambi.” Tony rubbed his hand along Peter’s arm.
“He’s sleeping, I’ll relay the message. How’s my Dad?”
“Yeah he’s been busy with work,” Tony easily lied again, having read that SI’s stock was currently tanking. He looked at Steve for a moment, who had a small frown on, like he wasn’t buying Tony’s story but he also didn’t want to push it. The blonde eventually stood up and walked him to his car, pulling him in for a long kiss before eventually pulling away.
“No,” she said sitting up a little more and looking both of them in the eyes. The genius frowned when he saw the tears in her eyes.
“What about you? Any siblings?” Bucky asked as he took out two glasses from the cabinet.
“That is being smart, not paranoid kiddo. Who knows what those motherfucking
"Say it again, Peter. Who is this?" Steve asked the baby, finally taking him out of (a very reluctant) Clint's arms to bring him closer to Harley. Who, even though his back was to Tony, the Omega could tell was absolutely beaming at this turn of events.
“Daddy,” she said tiredly, a smile staying on her face when he pulled away to smile at her.
“Might as well try, I’ll get Peter you get the pizza,” she said, leaving the kitchen to knock on her brother’s bedroom door. She jiggled the door handle, confused why it was unlocked. She opened the door quietly, peeking into the dark room, confusion growing at the empty bed. She closed the door behind her as she made her way to his bathroom, hoping to see him in there.
A chorus of ‘yeahs’ rang out from the other kids, including a cheer from Tony and Thor, which made Daci smile.
“I just…” the teen began, secretly loving how wonderful this felt as words tumbled freely from her mouth.
“Yeah, I checked and saw that,” Steve said, still petting her hair.
“I bought something…special for the occasion…” his love said as he nodded to their bedroom down the hall. Steve rolled his eyes fondly, leaving the clothes for now as the two walked out of the laundry room and down the hall.
She stayed with Peter at May’s while her dads went on their honeymoon.
It was a few hours of a drive to his parents house, and Steve spent it resting his hand on Tony’s thigh as the Omega drove the three. The Alpha wasn’t sure why he was nervous, his parents were going to welcome Tony and Harley with open arms.
kid – I’d be beating your ass right now,” he said angrily at Peter. The teen gulped in response. He dutifully followed his uncle to his jet, taking Emerson over as he went to pilot the machine.
Her eyes were glassy as she spoke again. She hated showing weakness but those bitches just reminded her she could never escape her past.
“I can’t imagine losing either of you…
“I rightfully assumed you hadn’t planned on eating breakfast,” the blonde said smugly, still sweaty from his run and hungrily eyeing his husband’s form. There was something about sleepy and slightly grumpy Tony that always turned Steve on.
my dads,” she emphasized, arms curling around herself as she leaned against the counter.
“I don’t drink, Nat,” he said, ignoring the eye roll the red head threw at him.
“Hey Wade, why don’t you tell them about your welding?” Emerson offered, bless her, “he’s working on some badass projects in school.”
“Sweetheart. I promise you, I am only trying to help. No one is forcing you to say anything, but just know…just know we’re concerned because we care about you.”
“– what were you thinking, squirt?” Tony asked as he went to get a second cup of coffee. He was blocked by his husband, who handed him a glass of water – eyes challenging his to debate him.
“That’s not what he said,” Harley whimpered in his arms.
“I’m sorry Bucky.”
"Uncle Bruce you have what you need?" Emerson asked as she again clutched her stomach in pain.
"Poor baby," he murmured as Jamie looked confused at him.
"I am calm. And I will now calmly ask you to leave my office. You are a horrible excuse for a father and I forbid you from speaking to my son. I will give him your contact information when he turns eighteen, should he choose to allow you to into his life. But as of now, I revoke the zero rights you have to see or speak to him. And if you push this any further, I'll have to enforce legal action. Now, get out of my office."
Until he pulled back and saw the trace of a frown still lingering on his boyfriend’s face.
When they got to the zoo, she helped Steve with the stroller before grabbing Clint’s hand.
"You can't argue with that logic Em," Tony added as he drank his coffee and leaned against the counter. Steve was prepared to say something to his ridiculous husband, but Em beat him to it.
"Were you going to try and pull him in?" she asked the pouting man who nodded in response, standing up with a grimace and gently stepping out of the tub. "I love you Daddy," she said with a laugh, feeling more and more excited for movie night as she also moved to climb out of the tub.
Hulk tired out quickly after that, stumbling after her and eventually making his way back to the group, plopping down in defeat.
“You...you’d spar with me?” she asked skeptically, following the man after a moment and frowning at the weird boxes he was trying to move.
“Bucky,” the doctor suddenly addressed the super soldier, “you know how our partners can occasionally annoy us from time to time? Like, Nat has cold feet and likes to stick them against my back when we sleep? What silly thing does Vi do?” Stark rejoined them when the doctor finished his questions, med kit in hand and no longer holding the tablet as everyone else looked confused at the doctor.
“Which means the queen will probably try to hump him on the dance floor,” Clint added, fidgeting with his pants on the other side of her.
“Did Jarvis call you? How did you know to come back?” he called from their closet.
Cause he was starting to accept...he was loved.
“Yes Tony. Didn’t we do this already? I asked you and then you asked me…”
company,” he finished leaning back against his chair, arms crossed over his chest in satisfaction. The look on his godfather’s face was one he wanted etched forever in his memory.
He’d even made some authentic friends. Although two of his new friends apparently didn’t like each other, he learned on his first day.
“What? You honestly thought I would let that slide?”
“Oh shit,” he heard Joey suddenly whisper. He looked at her in confusion as she lied with “sorry, I just thought of something, but it’s nothing,” before quickly looking away from him.
She turned sharply on her heels, walking to her bedroom to cool off. She had a lot of pent up anger lately, Tony didn’t deserve that kind of wrath.
“Keep that face up and it’ll freeze that way,” Bucky sneered in jest.
"Get your hands off of her," came the voice made of steel before the person made themselves visible.
He made his way down to the kitchen where he found Jarvis cleaning.
“-James,” Clint interrupted his quiet ramblings. “I’m still processing the whole...we’re still together part - are...are you sure you even want to be with me?” he asked, because fairytales weren’t real; even if he brought Lucky up to his face to accept more kisses.
But here he is, waiting with Barney on the couch while Clint got ready.
For all of Harley’s talk throughout the week about how excited he was to meet his father, the pup was quiet as they parked the car.
“I think I’ve been polite enough up until now as this…fake-Christian middle-aged
The reminder of the scared six year old had Steve momentarily snap out of it, looking at his brother for confidence. The brunette smiled at him, nodding his head while Steve attempted his suggestion. Focusing all of his energy, he pushed ease and comfort through the bond, breathing a sigh of relief when he felt calmness coming through the other side.
Which could be an issue, but he’ll leave that to Barnes to deal with.
He spent the last half an hour or so pretending to watch television, thrilled when he finally heard the familiar ding of the elevator doors. He shot up off of his couch and practically ran to the entranceway.
“I won’t.”
“Oh my god, I hope you don’t mind me asking you to say that several more times...along with other impeccable impressions. You’re really amazing.” Warmth immediately spread throughout her body as she could only smile back at him, suddenly overwhelmed with emotion. “Come on, I wanna see you move heavy things without touching them. Then after, when you’re somewhat tired out, we’ll spar.”
to her,” Natasha piped in.
“Hey kiddo,” he started when he opened her door, frowning at seeing she had called him from inside her closed bathroom. “Everything alright?” he asked as he made his way to the other closed door.
“Well, I can’t promise we won’t give random unwanted hugs or love you anymore than we already do…which is
Even if all his friends and boyfriend had extravagant lives ready for them at the finish line.
“Did they…do you feel like they did something?” he asked, voice dripping with a mixture of anger, horror and heartache.
“I love you, Papa,” she said into his shirt, before further burying herself into his embrace.
It all gave him the confidence to continue.
“Nope,” he said, popping the p. “I want to have fun. And you’ll be watching me, right?” Bucky rolled his eyes, regretting the fact that their mothers had been childhood friends and thus they’ve known each other since birth. Well, Bucky was one year older, but still.
"What if Deadpool were to bring presents to him or something?" he suggested as he reached to press the button on the elevator, stopping when his boyfriend slapped his hand away. He turned to lecture him - yet again - about it not being a competition about pushing the damn button, when Wade addressed him suddenly serious.
The blonde hadn’t been introduced to the serum yet and was a gangly little thing. His Pappy had pulled him aside and shown him how to beat Bucky - who always won when they wrestled. He also showed the two of them how to properly punch someone as well as some kickboxing moves that would help Steve later with bullies.
“Grace is your middle name,” he said as he placed the paper on the table in front of them.
Sorrow wrapped around her soul and engulfed her very existence.
“Oh no, I was just teasing Jo,” he said with a hint of guilt as he carefully hugged her closer.
"Two, I get a few piercings."
And he let Vivienne, or whatever her real name was, make him believe
“I’m sorry baby, that’s a scary dream,” he said in reassurance.
Wondering if he should break up with Tony to save him the prolonged heartache.
“You guys were freaking cute,” Tony said as he looked at a picture of the two of them on the beach, Joe carrying Sarah piggyback while the two laughed.
“Listen, you are welcome to stay here as long as you want. And I don’t expect you to just move on from her, okay? I just…want to ask you to try?” he asked gently as Steve grabbed a nearby napkin to wipe his face.
“Uncle Steve! You gotta move!” he ignored the tiny person currently trying to shove him off the couch. “Jose is coming over and you gotta get up!”
“Fair enough. Em?”
. What are you going to do about it, faggot?”
"Yeah! Max! Welcome to the family Max!" he said as she noticed her fathers had walked over to join them.
“You drawing pictures of me said that,” Tony added, cause he was not going to be out-trolled. And man did it work, the blonde blushing furiously - even in their low light from the lamp post.
It was a woman’s voice.
“Alright! We get it Thor. Thanks for stopping by,” Steve said, pushing the god in the direction of the exit, if only half- heartedly. After he left he turned back to the two teenagers, still smiling from Thor’s teasing.
"Want me to take her?" the blonde asked with a smile as he noticed Tony squirm a little. Normally, Tony wouldn't concede when it meant getting to hold his kids, but his legs were starting to hurt from sitting so long.
“Josephine, get to class before I write you up for cussing,” he said – the only person who called her by her full name.
“He doesn’t need controls, Steve. . He’s an AI. Artificial Intelligence. Again, don’t tell him that cause he’ll just-” Tony was interrupted by the sounds of ‘whirring’ as DUM-E appeared to be spinning in circles from the praise.
“Honey I’m just saying, he already has the bite, right? Not like he can...un-spiderman himself, right?”
“Oh, Petey,” the blonde began, moving to sit next to Emerson as he began rubbing his son’s back in comfort. His eyes became glassy as he sat helpless next to his heart-broken son, silent as he cried his eyes out.
“Wait we can still go out with you guys -”
“It’s stupid.”
“Bye,” said before hanging up his phone, eternally grateful for that woman.
"Well, what does your heart tell you then, buttercup?" he asked with a smile. His smile grew when his love finally made eye contact again, cheeks blushing pink as he responded.
“He made me take the yucky medicine,” the pup whined with a pout, which didn’t actually make Steve feel all that bad, especially when his Daddy laughed again.
As Emerson quickly regained consciousness, Peter found himself hugging her tightly. The man in red long forgotten over the guilt of almost getting himself and his sister killed…which he guesses is irrelevant – since his dads will kill him anyway. He helped her walk to the med floor where their Uncle Bruce was waiting for them.
“What happened between him and his father?” Peter asked in a quiet voice while subconsciously shifting the boy somehow even closer in his embrace. Wade said nothing for a moment, looking between the two with a sad smile before taking a deep breath.
"Hey! We missed you too, Papa!" Miles protested with a rather adorable pout. The sucking of each others faces finally stopped, as the taller father reached back over to pull the boy onto his lap.
“Steeeeeeeeeeb! Steeb Daddy spanked me!” Jo tattled, turning around to glare at the man who finally made his way into view. Bucky was out of breath, covered in flour and looked about ready to pull his own hair out. He looked a lot older than his recently turned twenty-two years of age. When he took a step forward, she shuffled her tiny body around Steve to hide behind his legs; all while their mom kept laughing loudly.
“Alright, that’s enough teasing the big guy. I can handle it from here. Goodnight everyone,” Natasha said, shooing the others away but without any anger in her voice. She made eye contact with Daci as the child followed the others out, offering Daci a smile that she easily returned.
“That’s not it and you know it,” Bucky challenged him, daring him to try and use humor to deflect. Not after everything they’ve been through. “How long did you wait in Brazil for me?” he asked more gently, hating the flinch it got from the archer. Clint only shrugged in response, which prompted Bucky to continue. “I’m so sorry, Clint.”
A smile quickly formed on her face when he began talking about his weapon of choice. Seeing him get excited about the details, history and safety usage of the bow made something warm settle in her gut. She didn’t have the word for it, but she was really liking spending time with Clint.
She and her older brother quickly distracted Miles from their parents, knowing playing some video games would be better then being scarred for the rest of his life.
"Who are you dating now Mr. Bucky?"
“Ugh, the worst,” May encouraged.
There was nothing like it. The thrill of flying through the air, the adrenaline rush as he soared over buildings. Almost as exciting as stopping a robbery, prying a car door open after a wreck, hell – even literally saving kitties stuck in trees. So why did his guilt always rear its ugly head? Because he had been Spiderman for three months and had kept it a secret from his family? On top of
noises, Bucky turning to see them now sporting yellow paint splotches as well.
"Wait, Tony are we not even going to talk about this?" The blonde asked incredulously. Tony shared a look with his daughter before addressing his love.
"And Helen? How's residency under Dr. Banner?" Steve asked his daughter in law.
Can you believe that?”
“Tony…”
“You can’t talk to me like that!” Tiberius demanded, wiping the grass from his clothes as Steve walked over to hold Howard back. Who honestly looked like he wanted to rip the Alpha’s neck out with his teeth.
“Wait...seriously?” Steve asked as Bucky’s brow furrowed.
He was sitting on the back porch, drawing pad in hand when a magazine suddenly fell into his lap. The blonde smiled as he looked up, nose scrunched up in confusion.
His thoughts were drifting as he held the icy glass tumbler, about a third full of scotch, to his head to help cool his rapidly heating face.
“She had a Daddy too though?” he asked confusedly.
Knowing his husband, the bastard could've planned that whole encounter.
The blunt honesty was hilarious and rather adorable.
“Joey?” came a soft voice that startled the teen. She turned to see Tony standing a few feet away in the hall, face frowning and arms crossed. He must’ve been unable to sleep as well, as he was yawning in his pajamas.
“No Daddy!” the three year old giggled, continuing to run away from his foster father. That’s when Bucky returned to the circus, putting Wade in Joe’s lap in time to snatch up the running boy and swing him in the air.
“Especially when you pull stupid shit like this. Because you, Tony, you of all people deserve to be reminded how incredible you are. And I am just the man for that job,” his cheesy, dorky, wonderful husband practically purred above him, washing away the last of Tony’s worries.
“Sounds like what you need Rogers is to get laid,” Rumlow said with a laugh. “A drink could help you loosen up enough to actually talk to a woman. God knows how long it’s been since you stuck your dick in a nice piece of ass.”
His Dad was right.
"Miles, can you follow my dads to the living room while I get my older brother for you to meet?" she asked, going to get him after Miles nodded to her. The kid turned to Tony before sticking his tiny hand in the genius'.
He’d just had sex with the most gorgeous creature on the planet - twice - so of course he was a little...emotionally fragile. So he was allowed to have tears spring from his eyes. It had nothing to do with his stupid insecure brain.
“Likewise, ma’am.”
"Fine, twenty minutes and you don't tell you Pop. Deal?" Miles answered by excitedly jumping out of the bed and sprinting to the door.
He wordlessly helped her with the wounds, being as gentle as possible and murmuring sorry’s whenever she winced in pain.
Her bottom seared in pain from his big thighs, reminding her how stupid she had been. But his arms reminded her of safety and love and washed away what guilt she had left over from her exhaustive day.
He tried, he really tried not to laugh. Because it wasn’t funny.
“Nope, one and done mister designated driver,” Steve said with that shit-eating grin of his. Bucky resisted the urge to smack it.
"He's Papa, not Daddy," Miles clarified getting more laughs from the adults.
“You’d call Stephen a friend?” Banner asked Stark with a teasing tone, that the billionaire just ignored in favor of stepping into Bucky’s personal space. Before he could react fully, Stark sprayed the contents of the bottle in Bucky’s face.
If only to have her kill them herself.
PETER
“Just your hair and eye color…” Tony said angrily, looking over at his son who was thankfully distracted by Steve. “And you signed away your rights, remember? He’s
“How’d you know it was them though?” Steve questioned, though he could guess the answer.
“Anthony, you’re already sleeping on the couch tonight, you wanna lose your lab privileges too?” Steve asked him. The genius immediately pouted at that, knowing how true to his word that stubborn blonde of his was.
“Joey!”
” before kissing his boyfriend. His love murmured it back as he wrapped his arms around the blonde and even deepened the kiss.
“There’s pictures…” she started to say, unsure if he knew about them if he was this calm.
“So...now that the kiddos are gone, wanna train?”
, found a creative alternative to actually saying the four words.
“I have a lot of work to do. Thanks for the donuts,” Tony clipped back as he purposefully moved the plate on the other side of the table and returned to his work. Steve looked with confusion back at his husband, opening his mouth to ask what was wrong when the AI interrupted.
life?” Joey asked with a small glare. Her dad had never really talked about her mom’s family. She thinks she remembers him even saying they had died…
“Doll, I’m sorry I really thought I told you about this-”
“Yeah yeah, but you’d side with anyone against Steve,” Clint pointed out as he turned around in his seat. “Hey, you’re welcome over anytime kiddo,” he said as Nat turned around to smile at her in added confirmation.
“No, it’s okay I can show you,” Daci said as she shifted on the couch to face him with her legs crossed. She took a breath before gently placing a hand on his knee, remembering her training as she gently moved her hand up his leg and looking up at his reaction - not sure what to expect -
“Good morning, my love,” Steve said with a smile before leaning up to kiss Tony again. The genius easily complied, laughing a little in the kiss. They were quickly interrupted when their kids loudly made their way in.
“It’s not messy anymore,” the boy said with his arms crossed defensively.
“Find our pup, Steve,” Tony pleaded, panic scent wafting off the Omega.
Bruce got into Harvard, but declined to go to Oxford - which just so happens to reside in the same town Thor currently lives in.
“Beautiful,” he whispered before leaning down to finally kiss the man’s lips.
“We’re not asking you to get shit-faced, just a drink to celebrate!” Clint offered as he sat next to Natasha on the couch.
“Steven, a pleasure to meet you,” his Mama said, shaking the blonde’s hand with a fake smile before hugging Harley again.
“I named you after my mother and you side with the klutz?” the older brunette asked with a mock glare as Daci only smiled back at her father, aware he wasn’t actually upset.
“Okay I think I remember that...but what-”
“Seriously. You have ten million rooms, use any one of them children wouldn’t occupy,” Emerson added, moving to sit at the kitchen island.
"Wade I thought you were good at this game?" she asked smugly as she high-fived her little brother in congratulations.
“Last time I confide in that son of a bitch,” Tony muttered half-heartedly, finishing his drink and moving to make himself another one.
“I’ll see you Monday,” Steve said with a small smile, which Tony easily returned when face to face with this handsome teen.
“Hey!” Clint cried out as Steve had the wherewithal to not growl at his friend for saying Tony was pretty.
“Thanks Stevie, but that still doesn’t solve my sleep problem,” Bucky said as he took another gulp. “Plus I love her to death, but sometimes she kicks in her sleep.”
Clint didn’t have time to even process that when his expression went from scrunched up confusion to widened surprise.
“I know,” he said quietly.
He almost caved then and there, before remembering Bucky’s lecture about ‘how to dress his daughter who would be seen in public.’
“Joey! Hey man, where’d you go?” he said, pointedly avoiding looking at the other teen.
“I did not fly from the other side of the country to be reminded of the death of my son whom you’ve
“Oh hello, where have you been?” he waved his hands as he asked. He did that whenever he talked, it was just more animated the more passionate he was about his words.
Peter and Harley got loud again, so she excused herself to give herself a minute of quiet.
“What? No! Jesus. It’s, it’s just...been harder lately.”
“You spanked her Buck, there’s a difference,” Steve assured him as he placed a hand on his brother’s shoulder, standing near him for support. “Did you see her? She was barely even crying. Besides, would you tell Ma she’s the same as Carlton?”
“Do you agree to these terms?” Peter asked after the long moment of silence.
“Fine,” she said, “Steven? You are the best Papa.” She meant it, and hoped he could see past her attempt at bad humor with the sarcasm and using his first name.
“It’s all gravy, I kind of liked you too.” Wade said, as if it was not the big deal Peter was imagining in his own head.
“Your obvious homophobia shouldn’t inhibit my opportunity for a happy life, you piece of shit.” The other adults in the room looked at her in shock, Peter noticed his parents wearing matching smiles.
“Joey? Hey sweetie, are you awake?” he asked quietly. She nodded sleepily as she pulled her left hand out to inspect it.
“Why are you talking about
Wade was at the stove cooking something that smelled delicious while the rest of the family was seated around the dinner table. The kids were coloring while Peter had his laptop in front of him and smiled at his little brother when he joined the others.
He headed towards the backyard, knowing that they would’ve seen the pup if he'd gone through the front.
It was somehow their best round yet, where Tony discovered Steve’s little breeding kink as well as his breast milk kink. It was an amazing discovery that led to the best orgasm he’d had yet. And if Steve’s roar was anything to go by, it was the blonde’s best too.
And because he was truly a stupid man at heart, he asked him.
– She sat upright, heaving through her lungs, eye blinking away the tears from her eyes. She looked around her, recognizing her room. It was a dream. Just a dream, she tells herself. Well, technically it was a fucking nightmare. More tears poured from her eyes as her breathing turned erratic, wrapping her arms to try to ground herself. It wasn’t real. Her Dad and Pop are on a mission, they’ve only been gone what? Five days. That…thing is nowhere near them and has no idea where she is…right?
[Nope, I’ve made plenty enough for the four of us]
“She could change her mind, Steve,” looking into the big blue eyes that shined up at him. He shrugged before continuing. “It’s her life, my love. We can protect her, but if she wants to speak to her, she has that right.”
Steve was gentle with her, noticeably taken back by her fear, adding “thank you dear. But please, call me Steve. Peter says you guys have an art project to work on?”
“It was a gag gift from Strange, I didn’t think it’d actually work…” the genius said as he tried to read the contents on the bottle.
“Bucky!” Steve hissed out.
body. I would never force you to do something like this if you didn’t want to.” Tony reached one of his hands out to rest against the blonde’s looking into those beautiful blue eyes incredulously.
“Are you…really fucking tell me how to parent–”
And more importantly, he realized...
“How, my dear husband, do I handle awkward situations?”
“I think your Daddy is saying she’s been punished enough. And I know for a fact Joey feels really bad about abandoning you last night, Petey. She told me herself,” the blonde said more gently as he reached a hand up to rub their boy’s back.
Just when he thought he was making progress with Leo, it somehow backfired. One step forward and two steps back.
“Oh wow, look at you Morgan!” Peter cheered as he walked around Steve to jump on the man’s back, wrapping his tiny arms around his neck. The super soldier kept his balance, glaring at Clint when the archer encouraged Harley to also ‘hop on Pop.’
His feet started moving on their own accord, back to Stark’s floor for an explanation. Stark and Steve were in the living room, alone and making out with each other.
“You think I could ever…commission you for something?” the brunette asked with a smirk.
“I fell on my face, Daddy,” Peter said with an adorable pout, rubbing his tiny hand over the spot for good measure. Steve couldn’t hide his smile as he got an ice pack, knowing the boy was hamming it up a little based on his previous behavior, but also knowing that their boy was five. And could always use undivided attention from his Daddy.
“Come on baby brother, how can I help? Do you need a distraction? We can go down to my shop and tinker with stuff. Or you could help me do laundry?” Steve smiled in spite of his heart aching, loving his brother for trying to help.
And now, even after the movie, they were laughing along while deciding on a post snack meal. Therapy was good for her. She seemed a little like her old self, but with a little more sass and confidence.
“What are you talking about?” Bucky turned to Fury, both having matching confused expressions.
“Yeah, okay,” she admitted, pouting at the idea.
"Right. He used to hurt me, Miles. When I was just your age, he would hurt me. He would...make me do things with him, bad things that kids shouldn't do with adults. And certainly shouldn't be done between fathers and daughters. He would sell me so other men could use me," she explained as Miles' frown took over his tiny face, trying to grasp all the information as she continued.
He noticed the Omega kept checking his phone but was raised better than to peep at the screen, so he resigned himself to just staring at his handsome face, drunk enough not to care about being caught. If his brother was sober, he’d be teasing the crap out of him. Luckily the other Alpha was too busy swooning over his mate to do anything.
“And! And, it’s skull is one third of its entire body!!”
"How long is their honeymoon again, Uncle Steve?"
depend on.
Emerson nodded, brain failing her again.
“Jose!”
"Aw man, you are spending too much time with your Papa," Sam said with a grimace as they all huddled around the cake - now lit up with the candles.
“But Daddy! Why didn’t he come over here? When can I meet him? Can we go catch him?”
“And if you’re ever mean to me, I’ll tell Aunt Pepper,” the boy said with new vigor, like he still didn’t fully believe the Alpha.
“I know I just…”
"No, it seemed like you guys were pretty
“I promise, Pete, she still loves you and me a whole heck of a lot. Maybe not Papa, cause he was the one who spanked her last night for being bad,” he teased, glad to see his husband groan and his son look genuinely shocked.
“I’m sorry it was rough today, Em, for the record – your Pop and I are really proud of you,” he said before taking a moment to look at her. She gave him a small smile in return before turning to look out the passenger window.
“This your new pimp, whore?” Peter barely blinked, not seeing Wade’s fist connect with his face – just the guy dropping like a sack of potatoes. Peter saw one of the restaurant workers come outside.
I should’ve grabbed him, Steve thought sadly, this whole thing is being blown out of proportion. He stayed in the kitchen a moment longer before opting to go for a run. He walked down the hallway and headed for the closet where he kept his running gear. He stopped when he noticed the shell-shocked young girl, sitting on the floor near the elevator.
“Yeah, it’s a wonder I never smothered him in his sleep.”
“I can’t tell if that’s impressive or terrifying,” Steve said in confusion, moving to give their boy an added hug in comfort.
“Steve, I heard Tony dumped you.”
“So, Harley, what’s your favorite movie -”
“Don’t worry Tony, we have your back,” Carol spoke up, sitting with Rhodey behind the others in a cute purple dress.
“You…” Peter stuttered, “you are?”
Baby steps and all that.
“Well, then we’re staying here,” he said, putting the dress down and crossing his arms over his broad chest.
Tony was only focused on his son, not listening fully and kicking himself later when his Mom assured him Harley’s fever wasn’t even hospital worthy - just that Nonna was being precautious.
Steve got the vacuum cleaner out when he had swept up most of the mess, turning to his big brother who was frowning at the sight.
“Just
“There, D-a-c-i-a-n-a, that’s how you spell your name, Daciana,” Steve said with a bright smile that Daci found herself easily matching. He pulled the crayons out and let her pick a color, which she chose purple, before grabbing another page to start drawing lines on.
He decided to wait until he had put Peter to bed to discuss anything with Joey. His little man had asked the blonde to put him to bed with his best puppy eyes over dinner, which of course had the man immediately conceding. Tony offered to do the dishes while Joey went to finish an essay she was working on.
A sob crawled out of his throat—and an instant, Tony stopped from talking, and looked at him with worried eyes.
He knew that. “I know that,” he nodded, seeing the logic. “But really? I think I look like the most American person to be American, if that makes sense. I’m not special. I’m,” he paused, “—just a kid from Brooklyn. That’s just what I need to be. It’s not like, the first thought of people when they see me is
But they were, so that’s where they were.
“I told you, there rotisserie chicken is
His eyebrows furrowed when he looked to the side; while it was a good wall, it was
“Yeah,” Tony breathed out, nodding. “I did, and you did too.”
Such and such.
Tony yelled in his mind.
He smiled as he leaned in, and then kissed Tony with all his might;
“Hello,” Steve greeted softly, feeling—feeling
“I missed you too, Steve.” Tony murmured.
those were the safest areas. People made sure that the main tent was the safest because war operations happened in them. Meetings were important, and safe, and everyone in the room is there to save someone.
He was in love, and Steve was, too.
“No,” Tony laughed, “—that’s a constant with the life of Tony Stark. People leave. People get tired of me, when they get to know me.”
he couldn’t understand.
because
“I believe eleven in the evening is hardly prime time, or early for any matter, Tony.” Steve simply stated, shrugging. “But we’re both wide awake, so honestly, you’re right.”
“I’ve got to be crazy.” That startled a laugh out of him. “Nice to meet you too, Tony. I’ll try to keep up, yeah.” He shook his hand, and felt a smile on his face.
unquote?” He peered to look at Steve’s expression and laughed at the twitch that his eyebrow did. “Oh come on, Steve. You totally need the food. For a growing guy like you, it’s mandatory. You spent your time in the gym day and night or something?”
“Plan?”
“Get up. I’m bored, and frankly I still want to do other stuff, so I’m going to show you Manhattan.”
Steve hummed. “Yeah, out of the two of us, you’re certainly the one with the good mouth.”
He really had to find a way to get out of this room.
wanting to touch them was
“Alright, this is enough, I need to walk again.” He declared, shooting up from the bench and startling the resting Steve. He felt bad immediately. “Oh, uh, didn’t mean to startle you.” He laughed awkwardly.
(There was a hand on his butt again.)
The time bugged him, because usually he woke up about four (meaning, as he actually slept around three thirty, didn’t really get that much sleep at all) for the past two weeks. It was disconcerting to finally wake up an hour late, but apparently his dreams were much more forgiving this time around; it wasn’t about the ice, nor Bucky, nor Peggy, but Tony.
Pulling himself out of his misery, he decided to look at Natasha and tilted his head for her to come and sit next to her. She subtly glanced towards Tony, and he shook his head.
Tony breathed in deeply and smiled wobbled a little bit, but at least Steve didn’t see. Maybe this guy really was an angel? He really could be. No one has ever been kind to him, except Pepper, Rhodey, and sometimes Happy.
Tony and Steve get dinner, and a walk in the park.
“Are you some kind of a secret agent?” He suddenly asked. Steve’s eyes widened in what he presumed to be confusion, so he barreled on. “Like—how can you
He’d met Bruce Banner too, and he was
“Nice to meet you, Steve!” Tony smiled even wider. “I’m going to be your tour guide for today. Hope you can keep up, though that would probably be unneeded as how you were running earlier.” He brought out his hand.
Italian was a safe ground to be on, right? Usually people loved Italian, and it was a pleasure to have despite all of the herbs and spices they put in the food.
this man was, inside and out. “I want to tell you about me too.” He murmured as if he was reading his mind.
“You are going to make
Tony unwrapped the golden foil ball and showed him. “Chocolate, with hazelnut.” He bounced the chocolate ball before popping it into his mouth. “Ishh delisshoosh.”
in the middle of his sad state. Maybe it was the sad whirring of Dum-E, which sounded too pleading. It made him guilty, and he didn’t like the feeling, or the taste of disappointment linger on his tongue, especially when it came from his own creation. JARVIS was bad enough; Dum-E was worse.
And as he separated from the kiss, he couldn’t stop the choked-off sob that got lodged in his throat.
There was a beat of silence before he sighed. “I’m sorry, JARVIS. I’m just stressed. I don’t need someone babysitting me, god, I’m an adult.”
He sighed as he picked the punching bag from the floor, mulling over the past week that he has been basically trapped in SHIELD’s “helicarrier” (or whatever they called it). So far, he has seen six people not recognize him, two people recognize him but weren’t allowed to approach, and if he was being honest, he was just craving for someone to talk with, just not with Nick Fury or Maria Hill. Coulson was pretty nice, but Phil usually lost composure around him.
That hurt a lot more than he’d like to admit, but he knew that it was just a normal action.
“A bit.” Steve nodded, cocking his head. “So… you’re some kind of intelligent beast, I guess?”
Steve knew what that meant.
“Tony.” Now-named Tony introduced with a brilliant smile. “And you’re?”
He berated himself.
It was after what it felt like a long time did he finish showering when another statement echoed in his mind.
Steve’s eyes widened, and he resisted the urge to whip his head to look at the source of the voice—because
He knew it was an opening, not for him, but for Tony.
Tony choked, going forwards to Steve and kissing him on the nose. “You know, I had that image of you being an all-American Boy Scout, but apparently that’s a fantasy I can reject.”
“Sleep is for lesser men than me.” He promises.
Steve shushes him, pulls him down to press his face back into Steve’s neck and rubs his back up and down, over and over. Tony is shaking but he doesn’t start to sob again and eventually the urgency starts to bleed away. He keeps his face where Steve pushed it, but after a few more minutes his body sags into the hold and he lets out all his air in a long sigh.
His eyes are half open, but Tony can’t make out any of his surroundings. The entire world is grey around the edges, unfocused except for the sensation of Steve’s open mouth on his throat. He is sucking hard, nibbling at the thin skin until Tony can
“I recall something about water into wine, wine into blood or something. Am I wrong?” Tony gets a snort for that and can’t help but laugh a bit himself. The full glass gives him something to fiddle with, a nice little temptation to torture himself with instead of the bow of Steve’s top lip.
Stark is a complicated man, even after all the allowances made for the whole ‘dying by the device I need to keep myself alive’ thing. Certainly not the most complicated person she’s ever been assigned, but something about him intrigues and frightens in equal measure. His intellect still goes past every limit she sets for it and is something to be feared all on its own. But it’s the undulation of his character that really captivates her.
“I’m sorry for leaving you there Tony.” Steve admits softly. His fingers clench and he has to remind himself that these hands are human, not metal. He can feel his face hardening, feel his jaw clench.
Which, brings up a whole other line of questioning. He snaps his fingers and points at Pepper like she might have been keeping this cell phone of Captain America’s a secret from him. “Why didn’t he give me his number too!” Well, Tony doesn’t need him to, Tony doesn’t need Rogers to do anything. He has all the tools he could ever need at his disposal and a sudden disregard for using these powers for good. “J, find Rogers’ cell number!”
The ninth time he yanks the tube out, he thinks he really can not do this again. Nine may not be a very large sample size, but Tony is just sick enough of the screaming and coughing to decide he’s got enough to convince himself. Definitely looping. When Yinsen gives him the mirror this time, he gives it his full attention. During the last iteration, he’d caught a glimpse of himself in murky water just before forcing forward enough to die by electrocution.
Then Stark is zeroing in on Banner and Steve is overcome with some deep pit of not quite anger as he watches them suddenly connect. He tries to contribute, tries to ask intelligent questions but Stark does not look at him until Steve stupidly admits to getting the Wizard of Oz reference. The smirk it gets him feels worse than being ignored and Steve is nothing but relieved when the scientists leave the room.
“Yes, come on.” And Tony follows him without question.
“I wanna touch you.” Tony admits and Steve just swallows, twice. The silence starts to linger and Tony is starting to think he did something wrong, tripped some wire again and ruined what might have turned into the best night of his life.
So, when it rolled along just five days post reveal, it took no time for them to notice the missing person. Steve considered going and finding Tony, but that morning Steve had left their conversation mid sentence because he couldn’t reconcile the sound of laughter with the memory of static. It seemed better to just give them both their space and try to get back to the old friendship some other day, let alone ever addressing the little thing they’d tried sparking before the secret came out.
“What?” His eyes focus on Rhodey’s and slowly, carefully, trace his line of sight to the appliance under his hand. Then he stares at it, flexes his fingers and then blinks. Twice. “Oh shit.” The words sit for a few seconds and Rhodey is about to insist on a better response because he is suddenly pretty certain the red blinking means on and Tony is very literally cooking his hand right in front of him and there is no way on earth they are making it to the ER without one of them dying.
It shouldn’t be this easy, their awkward edges should catch for longer, should linger in the air and make them both uneasy. Instead, Tony can just run his hand through Steve’s hair without a thought in the world. Nothing has been this easy, nothing to do with other people anyways. Steve comes as simply as coding, as mathematics and physics. He is the undeniable truth of the universe, fascinating and driving Tony to understand more and more everyday.
“Yeah.” Steve agrees, though to what Tony has absolutely no idea. It can’t matter though, not when Steve’s arm is so tight around him, not when his muscles are tensing against Tony’s back. Certainly not when his other hand slips off Tony’s neck and down to cup his ass. “Let me just…”
The tug loosens steadily as Fury finishes his conversation with the captive and Steve really has no idea how he manages to converse with everyone when he feels so poised for Stark’s entrance.
Maybe it’s just because this is more than Tony he’s thinking about, it’s his Shellhead. It’s the man that spent nights comforting him when he couldn’t sleep. It’s the friend that spent weeks watching old movies with him and writing lists of songs he needed to listen to. Tony’s been there for him like no one else in this new world, he helped him, gave him an ear and a shoulder. They’ve fought together and against each other and Steve knows him so well that doing this sort of thing together just feels like another adventure.
The man bursts in with all the subtlety of a bomb, holding some tiny object in his left hand. Steve watches, consumed in his movements and distracting presence, as Stark commands the room around him while keeping all attention focused elsewhere. It’s nothing short of a marvel how precisely he guides their gazes and if Steve hadn’t been able to feel the exact moment Stark pressed his little object to the underside of the desk he would have never noticed. No one else seems to have caught it and Steve contemplates pointing it out, but Stark does not leave a breath a space between his words and Steve gets too caught up to say anything.
“If you are dead, I’m gonna kill you.” He hisses into the unforgiving storm.
They can sit in the same room, not even speaking and Tony can’t keep the smile off his face. Rhodey’s taken to calling him a lovesick fool whenever they skype and Tony can’t even defend himself. Every day is better, every hour is brighter and is this why people date each other? He never got it, would watch his parents argue and throw things and honestly not understand why people subjected themselves to it.
“Haven’t seen you around in the last few days.” Instead of explaining the fresh mug, Steve takes a seat at the chair across the table and wishes he’d at least gotten a cup of juice to fiddle with.
“Stark,” A faint voice says and Tony feels the thread in his forehead pull taught like it always does. The blue of those eyes make his lips wobble and he opens the face plate without hesitation.
“Go back in there, someone will have something to say about you tailing me everywhere eventually.” His best friend huffs up to protest, but Tony clasps his hand in both of his before any explosion can take place. “I’ll be okay. Obadiah will want to talk to me alone and I need you to go smooth down all the feathers my latest stunt just ruffled. I promise I will tell you if I need you.”
Here though, with Steve’s arms circling him, his breath harsh against Tony’s cheek and lips wide open, Tony knows the answer. It’s this feeling, this swooping in his stomach when Steve licks the roof of his mouth, when he bites down on Steve’s lower lip and gets a little gust of hot air over his face for the trouble. It’s the way his fingers tingle when Steve brushes his thumb over his knuckles, how his head fits just so into the crook of Steve’s neck. He wants to write terrible poetry and play a boombox outside Steve’s bedroom window, no mind if it’s snowing or raining or 3 million degrees. He wants to buy him flowers and do something excessively crazy, like ask him to spend the night and do nothing more than sleep next to each other.
Sure Tony’s first thought after accepting the Time Loop Theory™ was that Yinsen would not die this time, that he could and would save this man. But time passed and Tony thought, mind whirling past every consequence of this strange second chance. Yinsen smiles at him and Tony sees a weariness and sorrow he understands all too well and his resolve wavers more each time. There are plans, eight so far, for how exactly to get Yinsen out and back to California with him. Tony hopes he will go with one of them. He also hopes he won’t.
Somewhere in the distance he hears Hulk roar as a resounding clap of thunder shakes the entire block. None of it matters though, because Iron Man is down and seems to have slammed straight through one building and most of the way through another.  Steve scales the windows, swinging from one ledge to another in rapid succession and runs headlong through the hole left by Iron Man’s body. He picks up speed and jumps through one shattered window and into the next building.
“I went looking didn’t I?” He snaps back, but deflates when her face shifts into something sad. She cares deeply for both of them, he knows that most of the time, but he feels it like a punch to the gut right now.
“Tony.” A plea that he is physically incapable of ignoring completely.
He is so large and Tony wants him to use it, wants him to push and push until Tony is pressed so far into the wall he can do nothing but melt against every plane of Steve’s body. He wants to be handled and grasped too tight, wants bruises on his hips. He wants Steve to pick him up and grind into him and never, ever stop kissing him.
Even as he thinks it though, he knows it isn’t the core of the issue. Sure it seems wrong to have found it out by accident, to have stolen the confession without consent. Yet, there is more, something too shivering to be rage, something hurt and unsure.
“Yes, Mama.” Tony grins and Jarvis relaxes beside them. In the moments to follow she gets swept along enough in the flurry of carting both herself and Tony off to bed and promptly forgets about the familiar shimmering scales.
“Pepper?” She closes her eyes with a sigh. “Happy?” He shakes his head, but there is a laugh in his eyes and Tony can’t fight back a brighter grin as he claps his sore hands together. “No, okay then just two cheeseburgers, a milkshake and a press conference.”
There is no time to deal with yet another terrible truth of this empty future, as Romanov and Thor enter. Things dissolve so suddenly, Steve feels almost outside of his own body. They are all yelling, fighting against each other in random turns. Every bad thing Starks says, every tense angle on him seems to feed back into Steve and it loops and rackets higher and higher. They all are spiraling in uneven arcs, thrashing against every one of their uneven edges. Yet, all his focus, his entire body, feels consumed and drawn to Stark. He wants to punch this man, wants to push him against a wall and make him listen, wants to put him on his knees, wants him to resist it and still come out on top. He feels them both stand taller and taller, look down their noses at one another, feels ready to press forward.
“Madam!” Jarvis turns sharply, eyes wide. “Mama!” Tony squeals in delight and expertly slides out of Jarvis slackened hold and onto the floor. Maria manages to gracefully drop to her knees just as Tony throws himself into her waiting arms and does not have to struggle to keep them both upright against the wine fueled haze.
Hope is dying out now and all he can think is maybe Steve got captured, maybe he isn’t even out here but is being tortured at some undisclosed location. Someplace warm. It really shouldn’t be a comfort, but at least that reality has a still living Steve in it.
“That was entirely mutual.” Stark says it like that is all the discussion the incident deserves, like no apologies are necessary.
“Good.” Stark is looking at him with such unguarded happiness it makes Steve’s entire body warm. It also brings an under current of shame along with it, maybe Stark’s wanted to strike up a friendship this whole time. “Always nice when the villains decide to take a little vacation.”
Romanov finds them quickly and they are back in route to the Helicarrier. Stark says nothing to Steve, keeps his face plate down in fact, for the duration and runs off before the SHIELD agents finish taking Loki from them. It makes the line ache, but Steve can't think of any plausible reason for him to follow them man and instead falls into step with Romanov. She guides both him and Thor into a huge conference room, with glowing screens and a man in an unassuming button up and slacks cleaning his glasses.
“Why on earth would he use my room?” Steve implores, managing to bring his face up in some attempt to seriously ask the question. Seeing the impassive mask along side the increasingly loud static prevents any real effort though. His side is starting to hurt, but his smile feels so nice. His other teammates make him happy nearly every day, but nothing can beat a good laugh with Iron Man. “Why on earth do you think I’d let him?”
Steve impossibly looks more awkward and Tony internally smacks himself for the choice of words. The empty bed a few mornings ago made it clear how Steve felt about their impromptu bumping of uglies.
“I can’t imagine Captain America had anything less than a hundred offers to spend his Christmas at a warm fire with a nice ‘dame’ or two,” He keeps his voice sharp, tries harder than he has on anything since Extremus, since SHEILD fell, to keep his body from depending on Steve to stand. They’ve made it to the private elevators now, the ones that will take them up to the Avengers only floors. “Gonna tuck me in for the night and go find that new bird friend of yours for a game of mario kart?”
Suddenly, when they are standing closer than they’ve been since the quinjet, the tether pulls sharply. Something about that hurts and chills Steve to his very core. Stark is pulling away from him and it feels so wrong, so sickening. Just as Steve shifts his shoulder, tenses to lift his arms and yank Stark flush against him, Banner speaks.
He still lays in the bed, covered over by piles of wool, but his uniform is laying wet and discarded on the floor. Tony hates himself for feeling disappointed for missing the disrobing. The air feels charged in someway as Tony trails his eyes up the outline of Steve’s form. He feels off-kilter, feels simultaneously too small and too large for this place. Everything up to this point ran lightening quick, all of it overridden by the soul crushing need to find Steve, to get him back alive.
After that she spends more time seeking her son out, observing him as he reads through thick books with only technical diagrams for pictures or fiddles with scraps from Howard’s workshop. Often she gets so caught up in the amazing mind whirling too fast for everyone, even her husband at times, that she forgets the purpose for the observing. Forgets about the terrible curse she put on his small shoulders until she sits awake late into the night, woken by the snores of the man beside her.
“Trust me for a little bit. I got a whole plan, green energy and medical supply and an entire host of other products that will take hours to list. I promise I will let you in on every bit of it later.” Happy meets them just as Tony moves off the sidewalk and reaches to open the back door. He slides in, but stops Rhodey from following.
“What?” He says without thinking, but decides the sentiment is certainly warranted. Iron Man never turns down a match while he is in the tower. Even when he’s busy he will tell Steve when they will be able to meet up. He’s never just, not been available with no explanation.
For a long moment, when he clasped Steve’s hand in his own, he considered never letting go. But, Rogers seemed filled to the brim with the anticipation of Tony doing something, anything really, and the pressure choked him out. Instead he let himself linger for a bit too long and then pulled back to join Bruce in the car. Besides, beneath that anticipation Tony could feel how trapped and overwhelmed the man out of time felt. The barely contained need to run was something familiar to Tony and he couldn’t let this pulsing ache add him to the walls of Rogers’ cage. He let the guy go and resolved to not bother with him until Roger’s initiated the contact. Of course, this resolve very quickly cracked under its own weight.
His tiny pleading voice breaks through somehow and the tension cuts. In a swift move she cradles him to her chest and tucks his head under her chin. The sobs rack through her for long minutes and Tony’s trembling increases until he too his sobbing loud in her arms.
“You gonna stop me?” Stark bites back, shoving Steve’s hand off his shoulder. It might not be pure anger Steve is feeling, but it is certainly the easiest emotion to be dealing with right now. He is back ready to push this man down and down and under him. Ready to force some sense into him with fist and fury.
"Oh." Tony responds and it’s not really a question, but he still feels poised for an answer. His lips are suddenly so terribly dry and he licks them quickly before biting at the inside of his cheek.
“He’s known you your whole life! How could he? That RAT bastard! What the hell could he possibly gain?!” The rage is underlined with a kind of pleading that Tony never wants to hear again.
“How did this even happen?” He asks softly, being sure to keep his voice calm and keep rubbing into Tony’s back.
“Or, we could not.” Steve says and it takes a second for Tony to blink back into their conversation, but then he can only smile. He knows it looks sickeningly soft, can feel the affection dripping off of it, but to be honest he really likes that Steve can make his face do things like this.
“Iron Man is unharmed.” JARVIS cuts in before Steve can ramble himself into a full panic. It does little to stop his momentum though and he makes it out his door and into the elevator foyer in quick steps. However, before he can press his thumb into the digital elevator keypad, the screen goes black and Steve jerks his head up in incredulity.
“Look again,” Steve says, though he doesn’t adjust his hold to allow any room for Tony to follow the instruction. They just keep walking, Steve tall and beautiful and Tony plastered to him like some overly manicured parasite. “Everyone is here with friends, to celebrate the holiday together in a bit of sensible and good-natured fun. You are getting sloshed all on your lonesome.”
“Enough questions!” Tony announces and turns back to the car. “Come on Happy, get the door. What on earth am I paying you for?”
“Steve.” That’s it, that’s the only thing Tony can even think to say and, fuck, it comes out so whiny, so plaintive and needy, and Tony can’t bring himself to care. He wants Steve so bad and Steve wants him just as much.
“Alright, Tony,” Steve mutters sometimes, but mostly he is silent. They finish the plate and Tony stands. He can feel Steve’s eyes on him as he places the plate in the sink, as he stirs the pot and fills another mug with the tap water. Even so, it feels like a shock when he turns around to see Steve sitting just as he left him, gaze soft and focus fully on him.
“Yeah, I can…” Steve starts, then swallows, adam's apple jumping down and back up under his skin. Tony feels an unreasonable urge to kiss it too, but flicks his eyes back up to Steve’s instead. There is a little nervousness there, a little tension, but mostly he just looks indulgent. He’s looking at Tony like he could be talked into anything in the world and not really mind. It makes Tony’s stomach flutter, makes him feel small and precious. “I can sleep over.”
The night floats on and she silently makes him two more shots before he retires for the evening and she lets herself out of the mansion. It takes digging, days of it because Stark is a very busy man and Natalie is in charge of that business. Eventually though, the pieces come together: a long forgotten lineage, a mysterious death sixty eight years ago in the small town of Specchia and a misplaced military diary entry for May 1st 2009. It is an incomplete picture to say the least, but Natasha knows two things for certain. Tony Stark is a Dragon and Maria Stark is the one who keeps his secret safe.
“Best I’ve ever had.” He tries to joke, but finds the words come out too sincere. They didn’t even make it fully out of any of their clothes, barely lasted more than two solid minutes. Yet, Tony can’t even tell himself the statement is an exaggeration. He’s never felt this intensely satisfied in his life.
“Mr. Stark would like me to apologize, but the situation is classified.” JARVIS reassures him, tone about as truly apologetic as could be possible. It makes some of the anger fizzle out, but he still feels about ready to scale down the side of the building if the elevator remaines locked.
In spite of the worry in his gut and hurt in his heart at the child’s outright rejection - he was starting to really love this kid.
“Oh wait,” Rhodey said going to the bag and grabbing some stuff before heading back to Steve. He handed him a pair of sweats to change into. Steve smiled at the man before moving to get some sleep.
food. Get it right,” Clint teased as he herded the twins to stay in the room instead of venture out like they were trying to do.
Tony enjoyed the painful groans and terrified puffs of breath coming from the coward.
She watched with a fond smile before leaning her head against his shoulder, wondering if her father would be more comfortable with babies if he had met her as one. That almost put her on a spiral of bad thoughts but it was interrupted when she felt a kiss on the top of her head.
“Tony?” he asked, reaching his hand to cover one of Tony’s. His husband looked at him a moment before offering a half-smile.
FLASHBACK
deal with this later. How does that sound?” he asked before looking at both of them for confirmation.
Steve felt a little bit of conversational whip-lash as he suddenly heard some beeps from his phone followed by silence. The smile stayed plastered on his face as the realization of what happened sunk in.
Even if it meant facing his past.
“I take it back, I’ll just drag him by his foot. Keep it elevated and all that. You boys have fun,” her Tati deadpanned, making Daci laugh at the image of her father dragging Clint across the floor. She watched Tony and Steve leave and frowned when the energy in the room sank.
“What’s up?” Steve asked quietly, very confused by the situation. His husband just smiled back at him before grabbing his hand and leading him to the living room.
Emerson had been staying with them for about two months, somehow bringing more laughter and silliness than he thought possible from the small family. He was surprised when she was allowed to stay with them, grateful she also wanted that. He remembers the meeting with her, her social worker, his parents, a mediator and an official from the DHS office. He marveled at his new friend, soon to be new foster sister, as she bravely answered all the questions thrown at her.
“Do you think I’m crazy?” he asked.
“It was his mom’s name,” Steve answered for him as a warm feeling filled Daci’s heart.
“I know that truck,” Steve muttered, waiting for Tony to put the car in park before finding out what happened. Officer Hill – who Steve knew threw work and Tony knew threw charities…and one drunk arrest – greeted them as the two men approached.
“Oh, hello,” Clint said to the little man, smiling when the boy held his arms up. Clint happily obliged, reaching down before hoisting the toddler on his hip, the two watching Bucky scold his sister.
“Nothing. Just...just nothing.”
Tony fully turned to the blonde and pointed his finger out at him.
Steve saw red.
“Padres! PADRES! I think I’m good now,” she said laughing. “I’m really tired. It’s…4 am here. What time is it there?”
“Is that a yes? Are you serious?” Peter asked panicking, heart stammering loud enough that the entire school could probably hear it.
“What did you tell him?” he asked curiously.
“Bet you wish you’d listened to me about staying in the delivery room,” Joe said with a laugh, walking in with cups of coffee and handing them out.
“Okay!” she said excitedly, quickly getting up to follow Tony to the kitchen, who laughed before leading the way. “What will the snack be?”
After saving some kid from being bullied, Sam had pulled him aside in the cafeteria to ‘warn him’ about that kid; Tony Stark. He’d heard the name before but it took him a moment to make the connection between the teen shoved against a locker and the son of that millionaire tech genius.
“Yeah, I’ll leave the pictures as a surprise. Wouldn’t want you to have to change your pants before we head back downstairs. Cause the things I’m thinking of, involve lube and lingerie…”
physically exhausted and his second cup of coffee wasn’t helping.
“Not at all,” Steve replied with a smile.
"Fine, but between the two of us, you are clearly the attention whore," the blonde said as he let their kid go. She laughed again before she moved to hug her other father, Tony still glaring at his husband even as he wrapped his arms around his girl.
“Ha! Your Papa loves me.”
“-but I brought my Asgardian mead!” Thor cried cheerfully before pouring a few drops of his drink into his, Steve’s and her Tati’s drinks. “To Barnes!” he said again as he raised his glass in the air. She watched everyone else copy him, smiling when Tony winked at her and picked up his water, which she copied in turn and joined the other’s cheer of ‘to Barnes!’
Peter sat in between the two, smiling gleefully even as the carnie asked the brunette – again – if the height was too scary for the three year old. He assured him he loved heights as the boy whined in impatience. The older gentleman finally stepped back and started the ride. He squealed along with the kids, loving that they were seeing the setting sun when they stopped at the top.
“Seriously? Clint baby -”
“Yes Tony, he is currently eating ice cream sandwiches with my Pappy. After he just defeated me at boxing. Heads up, he is now the world champion and will probably be throwing that in my face for the foreseeable future.” Steve practically melted at his mate’s laugh, loving that he could feel the ease settling in the bond between them.
They decided on some dive Mexican-food joint that Wade had apparently been to and had sworn by their chimichangas. The three waited outside in line, since it was small and had a thirty minute wait time. He was laughing at another one of Wade’s jokes when he noticed some guy eyeing Emerson.
“Are you okay, Clint?” Daci asked as the man shifted on the couch next to her.
“God I love that man,” Clint said with a sigh, leaning his head against his shoulder as Steve realized he was getting a better view of the brunette’s ass. The taller blonde was unable to stop his eyes from rolling.
"Does this mean you're moving back home, Em?" Miles asked suddenly appearing at her side. She stole a glance at her love, who was hugging her dads in comfort, before informing her little brother.
EMERSON
“You mean the altercation I had at school?” she said coyly.
“Please Peter! I just want to help!” Those words. The same words he used to convince his parents to let him join the fight. This was some fucked up karma coming around to bite him in the ass.
“Says you told her you didn’t want kids when she was 8, and four years later boom, she’s your kid. How do you think that made her feel? You know what else she said?!” he asked a little more forcefully.
Joey?” the genius asked confused.
“Hey Em, look who’s joining us for dinner,” he said to the sullen teen, who offered a small smile to the falcon.
He was definitely a cutie, Pete couldn’t lie. And dammit if he couldn’t help himself suddenly feeling protective of the small child looking anxiously between the two men.
“They’re both safe and alive – Peter more so than your Dad. He’s already healed but is bedridden to not raise too many suspicions. And because I’m mad at him,” he said with a smile as he pulled back to look at his girl. “Your Dad though – he is hurt; he saved a lot of people doing what he did. But um…well, the doctors are hopeful but…it was really bad. He was unconscious without oxygen for a while and he…” he trailed off to square his jaw.
"Oh, that's a bummer," he said.
“See Pete? Everything’s fine,” Tony said as he made his way to join them at the kitchen table. Steve remained standing, sipping on his own coffee that Tony pointedly left him to pour himself, staring at the small group and doing his best to calm his anger.
“No, but –”
“My granny died when I was four, I think you’ve got the wrong girl,” she said as she turned to walk away from this woman.
“It’s in no way your fault sweetheart, it's Clint's for dropping my son. And at some point in the near future, I’ll need you to teach me that move, okay?” Steve asked with a smile, only turning to leave when she smiled in return. “Alright Petey, let’s get you an ice pack and maybe a cookie or two, okay?” he cooed at his son as the sweet boy nodded with a fist scrubbing his eye in sadness.
“Rogers-Stark,” the young girl added before breaking away from the two, nervous and happily tapping her foot against the floor.
He only slightly juggles his loaded arms on the ride up the elevator before asking Jarvis, "hey J, where are my parentals?"
pressed against his boyfriend’s back, holding it there a moment longer until Clint got it.
Tony was actually starting to get really behind on work, so he finally relented calling Ruth to watch Pete for a weekend. Steve texted him while he was saying goodbye to ask if he wanted to see a movie together tonight. He smiled at the text, despite his doubts, feeling those damn butterflies flutter whenever he knew he was going to see Steve.
Early on in their friendship they tried dating, and she threatened to shave his goatee while he slept if he didn’t show up to a party on time. She went through with it...and they didn’t last much longer than that.
Although, he’d never before brought a boy home that Barney had approved of. In fact the first time he met Rumlow - which had been an accident - Barney literally threw him out on his ass.
His thoughts are interrupted when he feels his phone buzz. He ignores it for a moment, content to look at the sunset from the top of the building he was resting on. After another ring, he pulls it out of his pocket to look at the caller ID. It was his Pops, so he quickly answered.
“¿Porque no los dos?” It got the desired effect, the teen laughing in his embrace. He kissed the top of her head again before suddenly remembering…
The ride home was silent as neither opted to turn on the radio, Steve clutching the wheel as he found himself thinking about his brother again.
They weren’t going to last like that, so why drag out the heartache when he could be the bigger man and end this all early? Well...not exactly be the bigger man...since he was avoiding his boyfriend and all.
“I wanted to be an artist,” he admitted before he lost the nerve. “I always loved drawing and painting as a kid…” his gaze drifted thinking back to that time. “Bucky used to call me “Picasney,” mix between Picasso and Disney.” He smiled at the memory, not realizing he had stopped talking until Tony brought him back.
“Oh? Did um...did any of them make fun of you for...you know…being here with me?” Tony asked nervously, remembering being shoved into a few lockers after his bleachers dance.
“So…learning my lesson from last time. Someone’s here to see you and they definitely know who you are…”
“It’s just…in the beginning, I felt bad about replacing Dad with you and T. And then, or now…I feel bad about replacing you guys…” She looked away from her Pop now, blinking hot tears from her eyes as she continued.
“Don’t start getting any ideas, you two,” Steve said waving his fingers at the pair.
“Buckle up, buttercup,” Tony interrupted, smiling as they both groaned in protest. She reached back to do as requested, finally turning to Tony in greeting as he began driving.
“Apparently his next Captain ended up firing him and his wife left him,” Steve said, remembering what Hill had told him.
His accessible body.
The book that proved they were meant to be.
“Well, since we don’t have anything concrete, just speculation, let’s just keep an eye on her. She’s a sweet kid, I hope that’s not what’s happening,” Steve said finishing cleaning the last dish.
He was currently surrounded by them, since they had all come for Steve’s birthday and to also celebrate the fourth of July. They were all out back, enjoying the big pool as Sam grilled burgers for everyone. Bucky and Steve were taking turns throwing Harley back and forth in the pool, much to the pup’s shrieking delight. Clint and Nat were floating on pool rafts while Steve’s Ma and Pop were lounging around chatting it up with Thor by the snacks. Pappy was napping loudly next to Tony as the Omega held the baby monitor in his hands and watched them all with a fond smile on his face.
“...I thought we were going to see them this weekend?”
After kissing the life out of the blonde, his love wiped some of the chocolate off Steve’s chest to use as lubricant. He combined his chocolate fingers with his sinful tongue to open Steve up, the blonde stretched across the couch and trembling in pleasure. He felt his man make sure to lap up every bit of chocolate before finally claiming him.
"No magic, Reindeer Games!" the brunette shouted before they continued to check on the two. The door was open but had no occupants inside. The husbands again shared a look before the shorter man addressed the ceiling.
“That was when we first got him, so he had just turned five.” Tony said, “So eleven years of embarrassment from us.” The four shared a small laugh before Emerson continued with her questions.
“Wanna color, Leo?” she asked the boy while pointing to the table. Leo looked hesitantly over to Wade for confirmation as the man smiled brightly back at the boy.
“Yes. I guess?”
“What happened?” he asked, not trying to hold back the anger because
“Ha!” Tony laughed out. “That’s true. But then you wouldn’t get to bring home that sweet bundle right there,” Tony nodded to his son.
“Um, yes…I believe I heard that. That doesn’t change the fact that I’d still like to get to know you.” Something didn’t feel right to the teen.
"Aw, Tony! You have to go, it won't be as much fun if I can't shoot you in the ass," Rhodey piped in as they were getting ready. The rest of the gang were meeting them at the field they reserved - May and Peter in charge of decorations. Pepper volunteered to bring the food and cake.
“-what? Aren’t you jocks all secretly in the closet?” the blonde continued as he reached a hand out to grab Bucky’s hoodie.
"Yeah I was...kind of thinking of chopping it all off?" she asked hesitantly. He smiled again at his girl who had long curly brown hair, unchanged since they first met.
“FAST GIRL!” Hulk exclaimed, before taking off to enter the room. Bucky couldn’t see inside yet, taking out more men as he tried to make his way over. But then everything was quiet as Hulk’s form came flying back. The Avengers momentarily froze when Hulk flew through two walls before resuming kicking ass. Bucky took the last few steps free from henchmen who were knocked out by a flying Hulk.
"That's cause he's with his Uncle Clint! Say it again, Petey. Say 'bubba'," the Omega prompted the baby, who smiled gummily at the group.
“Yeah, just…I don’t know. His voice sounded familiar and he…he called you “crazy pants” when he was bringing you to Uncle Clint last night…”
Tony remained quiet, not answering Steve’s additional questions as he quickly pulled into a familiar driveway.
“Brute, huh?” Steve asked before doing two things in rapid succession. Spinning him around and throwing Tony over his shoulder. The shriek that followed couldn’t have been from him, it was so high pitched, that the genius blamed it on a seagull as he tried to maintain balance.
“Thank you, Kimberly,” she said with a shaky voice.
“Have you lost your goddamn mind?! I’m not training you and I sure as hell won’t keep this secret from our parents!”
…at this point…
“Noooo” Peter whined at the exact moment Emerson exclaimed, “YES!” throwing her arms up in triumph. It was that moment Tony walked in and Steve complained to his husband.
“Not nearly as amazing as you, babe,” he said with a sly smile as he got the blonde to laugh. Large but gentle hands cradled his face, thumbs stroking his goatee as the beautiful blue eyed man brought their lips together to kiss. He snaked his arms around the unfairly narrow waist, bringing them closer and having Tony realize he would do anything for this man.
“Like I said, traitors. Now, let me grab a blanket before you monsters start getting crumbs everywhere,” Tony said as Daci passed out the napkins. She snuggled up with the others and helped spread the blanket out, feeling warm and fuzzy and trying to appreciate the moment.
“What? Those are the most well behaved children I’ve ever seen! How dare you call them that,” Clint said in offense, having experienced first hand the different kinds of shitty ‘families’.
“She’s older than me!”
“I go?” she asked standing up at that. The bubbles slowly slid down her tiny body as he glared at his brother – the same man currently grabbing a towel and doing his own victory dance.
“Hey Cara, who’s this?” she asked with a smile of her own.
“Um, I love to be the one to tell you this - but you’re about to be dealing with a lot more poop so you might want to get used to that,” Clint said with a laugh, walking over to watch his foster kids smother their uncle.
Tony had told him how Harley craved physical comfort when he was sick, but Steve knew the boy wouldn’t want that from Steve.
“Why not?!?!” he was not above whining.
“I just don’t want any shit from Rumlow, is all,” Steve explained quietly. “Not like I’m going to call the guy.”
“A song?” he asked confused.
“Just like your Daddy, who also refused to put on clothes until he was
"What are you doing? Isn't Pop making lunch?" she asked as both he and Miles started setting up to watch something.
“Actually,” Buck said with a smile, “do you wanna make them a snack? I want to go check on them real quick, she might need more pillows for their fort.” The man left without waiting for Steve’s response as the blonde simply shook his head fondly at his brother’s actions.
“Vivienne,” Bucky growled out, clenching his fists in anger at both that woman and himself.
. With Brock I felt...shame and guilt and usually spent my
“Neither is telling me what to do.”
’ – cause my
Standing next to her father was a tall blonde woman, bright red lipstick on a pretty face with a lean body. She was in a pretty green dress and kept laughing at whatever her father said. They were speaking in hushed tones, and add that to the pounding in her ears, her super soldier hearing couldn’t make out what they were saying.
“Why did you take a restraining order out on him?” he asked after they had showered and were getting dressed. He gave up with letting Tony lead, realizing maybe he actually needed prompting. He noticed his husband flinch, though, which made Steve feel guilty.
“Yeah,” the boy said, slightly muffled from still being curled up around Tony.
“You do?” Harley squeaked out, wrapping his arms around the Alpha.
Bright light, loud crash and a pain unlike any other before darkness.
"Fine!" he said with laugh as he went to help his sister out.
Steve started arguing with Tony about ‘fashion-shaming’ as Clint wondered what was up with his boyfriend. He sat quietly in the back with him on the short drive to Thor’s place.
“Do I have to?” Steve whined, never a fan of hanging out with rich snobs.
Steve came back into view, shirtless with wide eyes he said, “he did what?!”
“Come on,” he murmured aloud, standing them up before bringing him into his arms without even thinking. Leo was limp in his grasp, not protesting as Peter walked the two back. He realized after a moment that the boy must’ve fallen asleep.
“Come with me, young padawan,” her Dad said as she watched the two for a moment.
“I don’t even know if she was properly buried,” she whispered. He put his arm around her and gently pulled her into a hug.
Currently he was scoping out a weapon’s deal, two small parties in a warehouse...one of which he believed belonged to the infamous Kingpin. He got photo evidence and waited for the transaction to be completed before making his presence known.
“What’d that cunt say?” Tony asked quietly. Steve pushed him off his lap in offense, the brunette smiling and grumbling in protest.
She let out a giggle of her own when he started to kiss her face, full on laughing when his scruffy beard tickled her cheeks.
She looked at the box for another moment before turning to Clint with a smile.
“Don’t worry lovebirds, we’re going to bed,” Clint said before giving Steve an obvious wink, dragging Bucky to their bedroom. Once they were alone, Steve turned to Tony who was leaning against the living room wall. Looking absolutely delicious.
“Jo, I’m sorry, that fucker will go down, but you know what he said wasn’t true right?” he asked gently. She gave him his infamous smirk right back.
“Get out of my way, Rogers,” Howard growled angrily.
“Night Jo,” Steve said after kissing the top of her head and released her. She walked over to Tony, looking a little shy even though they hugged earlier, making Tony smile as he grabbed her arm and brought her back into his chest.
“Okay,” Daci said with a sigh, not enjoying the laugh it got from her father.
“Still hungry, by the way,” she mumbled. The two fathers laughing before arranging for some delivery.
“That doesn’t make him a bad Papa, Joey,” the boy chided at her.
“Emerson,” she began when the teen had turned her attention fully to her. “I just wanted to say goodbye. I’m going to go stay with my sister for a while on the west coast and…I just…I didn’t like the way things ended. I found something out recently and…can I just have a few minutes of your time. With no interrupting?” she asked quietly and sincerely.
Then a thought crossed Tony’s mind. Remembering Ty look at his phone before suddenly leaving…not even trying to get the last word in…
"It's really not that good," Thor said as Loki said, "it's pretty hilarious, actually." The two brothers turned to look at each other, though the blonde's eyes looked a tad more desperate then the black haired gods.
“Do you need any more help, Ma? Or can Tony and I go up to my room?” Steve asked before Sarah waved her arms at the two.
This ridiculous man, who was currently whining to their daughter about not wanting to participate at her eighteenth birthday.
“Harley…” he said, remembering the list of things he had to do - number one was to pick up their pup from school.
“Encourage her to bring her destructive skills to new heights?” he teased, both watching as she focused her attention on the shiny camera just out of her reach.
Senior year flew by quickly, and Steve found himself surprisingly enjoying it. He and Tony practically ran the school, allowing other students to come out comfortably and in fairly decent peace. There were still the occasional bully, but Steve and his friends kind of took on a protective roll around the school.
“But,” she said in a more defeated voice, “but if you love him, then you should be with him.”
Peter’s head had turned slightly at “seven o’clock,” watching closely at the people she was talking about. One of the things exchanged was a clear bag of white stuff quickly shoved inside a paper bag.
"Peter, if you think for one second I couldn't easily thrive without your father or his money than -"
He was walking alongside Emerson, stopping to read the menus posted outside the food carts that stretched for blocks. Their dads were on date night (which for the two usually lasted a full night and a half) so the pair decided to go out to dinner and a movie. They had convinced their dads they didn’t need a babysitter for a night (and a half) and took full advantage of it.
, there’s probably a lot more that wasn’t said. We’ll figure out the suspension stuff later, right now… I’m kind of feeling impromptu sundaes-before-dinner…” He squinted a little as he smiled at the two, who took a moment to register his words.
Clint was a close second behind her father for who she liked the most. He always wanted to hang out with her, always made her laugh and never judged her. It’s too bad her father didn’t like guys, she could see Clint being a second parent to her.
Waiting for them was the King himself surrounded by the Dora Mijale, while off to the side was the princess herself standing next to Queen Ramonda, Mother of Wakanda; who Emerson hadn't thought about until just this very second. Add it to the list of reasons she was going to be quiet this vacation. Her Pop led the family off the plane, followed closely by her Dad who was holding Miles' hand, while she and Peter brought up the rear.
“Except next time I won’t be safely in bed when it happens,” she said as she started pacing the room. “I’ll be walking the street, or riding my bike, or maybe it happens when I’m driving and die at the wheel,” she finished with a crack in her voice.
is doing just fine, no thanks to you," Tony said, anger somehow spiking higher when the Alpha rolled his eyes and scoffed. "Look, I get it, okay? I get that you are a spoiled privileged Alpha whose never had anyone use their Voice on them, but it sucks. Harley was catatonic, Ty. We're lucky it was stupid school kid who was experimenting as opposed to someone that could've actually taken advantage of him. Did you know before the Omega Rights Act, Alphas could use their Voice to -
When they entered their bedroom, Steve shut the door behind him as Tony sauntered over to their closet.
One of the many,
“Cause you woulda said no! And then you woulda made me be audience to what can only be described as ‘cruel and unusual punishment,’’’ she grumbled out, finally breaking her arm away when they arrived at the elevators.
“What about someone like Obadiah? Someone that knows Howard?” Steve asked just as the baby in the high chair started crying. Mrs. Rhodes left to go take care of her while the two teens stood there looking at each other.
He looked around them, making sure no one was around before stopping Sam with a hand on his shoulder.
“How come there’s no Papa’s Day?” Steve couldn’t help chuckling at that.
“Leave the poor man alone Tony, they need to get back to saving people,” the burnt man said with a sigh as he sat comfortably in a nearby chair.
“Ashley?” the familiar green eyes looked at her imploringly, with that small smile that suddenly felt like a knife in her heart.
“I drank last night,” he admitted shamefully, rubbing his eyes with the heal of his palms, “Emerson saw me.”
“You...you like me?” the pup asked with a skeptical tone and matching face.
“No, but you throw it in my face that I’ve kept something from you guys when–”
When he got to work the next morning, it’s like he could feel like something was wrong. The air around the station felt tense and his gut told him not to go in. He did anyway, cause it’s his freaking job and maybe it was something else.
Speaking of, the little genius came into their view, and absolutely lit up when he saw them.
She felt selfish for her thoughts.
First was Clint and Natasha, who came over one morning for breakfast. Steve sat back as Emerson easily charmed the two assassins, even throwing a few jokes at Clint’s expense, which made everyone laugh. Nat had slipped away for a moment as Clint tried to prove to the two teenagers he was, in fact, still hip and cool. She stood next to Steve, smiling before speaking.
“Right? You’re welcome to take it with me,” he blurted, almost wondering if he shouldn’t have said it out loud. She’s probably still upset with him, as she just stared back at the man.
Kids are curious by nature, and it’s actually really common for kids their age to want to find out more about their bodies. What makes it hilarious, is that Bucky was not aware of this and had absolutely no idea how to handle the situation.
“Buck, considering what you’ve been through, I’m sure it’s not,” Steve turned around to say before turning back to grab two mugs from the cabinet.
“I’m sorry baby,” Steve began, “I’m so sorry you went through that.” When he saw his husband shrug in response, he released his hands in favor of pulling the brunette fully on his lap. Tony easily melted into his embrace, wrapping his arms around the blonde’s neck as Steve held him close to his chest.
“She’s awake?” they heard from the front seat as the panel opened to reveal Sam driving the ambulance.
Buuuut, before he could run the idea by Peter, he had to ask Joey if she even wanted to hang out with them today. He had learned the hard way when it came to disappointing a toddler.
“Actually, that particular scar was from a ‘her.’ So, rip her…ovaries out,” she managed with a small chuckle, sitting up to face him on the couch.
"Hey little man, nice to meet you," his eldest smiled at the suddenly shy boy who cradled the toy in his arms. Peter's eyes made contact with the toy and smiled from ear to ear as he looked over to his dads.
“You were exactly the one who broke the glass by playing with your stupid robots when you’re drunk!” Pepper exclaimed, snapping Steve out of it as he helped the man with the cuts as Sam worked on the burns. He heard her escort the guests out of the room to give them more privacy.
“He’s got his Aunt Pepper on standby and is with his Uncle Thor till we get back. You know that man spoils the hell out of our kids.” His husband smiled when he did, glad to see him thinking the same thing.
“Me next Papa! Me next!” Harley cried instead, causing Steve to bring his baby girl upright again and gently placing her to the side. As he helped his toddler do a handstand, he watched as Peter went over to his Uncle Clint to ask him to help the boy do one as well.
“Exhausted from parenting, are we?” he teased with a quirked brow. His love simply growled in response, which got another chuckle from the brunette.
“Yes, and I’d like to speak to
"Yeah I just thought I might grow it out, what do you think?" he asked with a smile.
“Oh, we are getting you white girl wasted! Come on,” Stark said as he grabbed Steve’s hand and led the two through the crowd.
“Such a sap,” the man said fondly as he reached a hand up to stroke the taller man’s cheek. The hand then ran along down his chin before gripping tightly. “But if I ever find kale in my food, I will divorce you,” his man growled out. Steve only smiled back at him.
His husband smiled as he looked at some of the outfits in the bags as the genius pulled the man forward to kiss his cheek while he browsed. Their daughter groaned in complaint as the two ignored her and focused on the clothes. He saw her reach forward to grab Steve's mug, smiling at her as she gave Miles her cup and finished drinking Steve's.
“I’m pregnant, bambino. You’re going to be a big brother!” Tony added, hoping his enthusiasm would catch. It did not.
decide what’s best for him. And it’s not like the pup is without an Alpha...you picked a good one, bambino.”
“Uhh,” he stuttered, looking over at his brother who was only smirking back at him. “I’m going for a run, Jo.”
“Yeah,” Tony said eloquently, grabbing two mugs.
“You’re right sorry,” Tony corrected himself, “Not the president – just the police. And the National Guard.”
,” Steve said softly, matching mist in his eyes. “You...fuck’s sake it’s our anniversary and you’re sitting here thinking…”
“Fine, sorry Daciana. You two can deal with the whiny baby so I can go back to hanging with Bruce
“When…” Steve could feel his chest start to tighten, but smiling and chuckling nonetheless, “when did you know I was…?”
“We’ve got about three hours before we land and we only need two to suit up and debrief what you weren’t listening to Fury say,” the blonde said while he moved out of his seat in their private jet to squat in front of Tony.
The question got an eye roll from his oldest friend, which was significantly less impressive with the whip cream mustache.
“Can we, just? Cool it with the crude words?” the blonde said with a sigh. Tony threw a glare his way before turning his attention back to their kid.
“Oh my god, Daci...did...did you write your name?” he asked quietly with a weird expression. Her excitement fumbled as she nodded in response. A smile quickly broke across her face, though, when he yanked her up into a hug. “I’m so proud of you, cub,” he said as she returned the embrace, before he carried the two over to sit on the couch next to Clint.
“Of course you would, cause it would mean you would get a cut to purchase whatever drug you decided to shoot into your neck that week,” words spitting out like acid.
“I mean, yes, finding this out sucks. But we don’t have to even mention her again if you don’t want us to. And I’ll make sure you never have to hear from her again too. If that’s what you want,” he quickly clarified.
“That means both of us, especially if we’re down Hawkeye,” Steve said to Tony who nodded back at him before both men turned to the two men on the couch.
“I…I don’t know where to begin for this rabbit hole Steve, but…hey! It got you a cuddle bug, right?”
"Happy birthday baby girl," Pop said as he also wrapped her in a hug and kissed her temple. "When do you wanna go to the shelter?" he asked as he walked back over to make their plates.
“Come out with me later,” Steve says suddenly and Tony finally gives in and locks their eyes. His smile is light, maybe not even forced. “I’ve got a craving for a good burger.”
“Something about, something… someone?” Rhodey responds, rather eloquently considering he says it around the rim of the over large coffee mug that’d been the only clean container with which to consume their box of wine. Another bit of limp neck finagling and Tony is facing him again, his eyes are squinted but it’s too unfocused to be called a glare.
Steve gets an A on his test. Tony takes full responsibility, no matter that it was for art history.
He stays, listens to some specifics of the containments being used for Loki. However, sooner than he would have liked he finds himself turning towards the dull ache in his chest. Feels the tug and excuses himself from a conversation he felt useless for anyways.
“You’re uncut.” He blurts even as his hand moves to Steve’s stomach, dipping lower and lower until he can grasp the base in his fist. Steve chokes out some half moaning noise, dipps his head down to see Tony’s hand on him. It makes Tony bold, makes him give a long slow jerk. The foreskin bunches up at the end, not quite covering the head, but pulls down over it when Tony drags his hand back down. Steve’s dick is so wet already, glistening in the low light between them and if Tony wasn’t so thoroughly enjoying his current position he would get his mouth on it.
It is another one of those half formed memories, something hazy and slipping away even as Steve tries to recall the specifics. They’ve never sat and watched a movie together. Stark never even comes to the team movie nights, no matter how many times Steve tells him he is more than welcome. In fact, now that he focuses more on the images in his mind, Iron Man was the one to tell him he and Stark would be going to Hong Kong. Steve was eating the popcorn by himself.
