A mask-less Captain America and helmetless Iron Man stood in the back keeping an eye on their captive while Black Widow flew the Quinjet.
"What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? A huge bag of weed?" Tony asked Bruce, the other scientist almost laugh.
Steve’s laugh was harsh and bitter as he began viciously ram into the new punching bag, trying to tire his emotions out, to wring them out of his heart. “I failed to protect Bucky.” there was a ripping sound coming from the bag. A thin trickle of sand was flowing out from a hole where his knuckle had been slamming into.
‘NO, FOCUS!’ He walked down one of the corridors, toward the hull of the ship, on a mission to find evidence of what the two men were saying.
"So you're saying that the hulk... the other guy saved my life?" Bruce looked down and sighed softly. He wetted his lips nervously before he spoke again. "That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?" Bruce asked, looked up at Tony again.
“No…” Steve said strongly, his gaze could make a basilisk proud “I understand.” Tony was taken aback by the pure fury in the other man’s face as their eyes met. He wondered if Rogers would hit him now.
Tony’s biggest resentment on Howard was the guy practically raised him to become a weapons designer before he even hit double digits.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Tony mused. He would approach a problem rationally first instead of being a dumb protector who gave up on finding a way out too quick.
“Any idiot could learn how to work a gun he’d been handed so don’t act all high and mighty. It is sickening, Alpha like you makes me sick!” he knew Rogers would physically hurt him any moment now. Probably broke his bone that was what Alpha like him did when they couldn’t win a fight with words. He was prepared for it, wanted it even, wanted a physical-prove that his soulmate was a fucking bastard that didn’t deserve a moment consideration!
"Stark, you copy that?" Fury's voice asked. The din of emergency sirens, secondary explosions, and grinding metal permeated the air.
Steve jumped to the other railing and took them down, even went as far as throwing one of the Hellicarier. A few more entered, fired at Steve. The super-soldier grabbed a gun and jumped back to the lever, fired down at them.
His head was dunked and hold down under cold, murky water until his lungs burned with a brilliant red pain and his vision diminished and grayed out and he stopped jerking around. Being pulled up, he was allowed a moment to take a few deep choking breaths before being pushed under again. All of this happened while he had a chest full of electronics caused the upper half of his body to hook up to an electrical current when water splashed on the exposed wires connected to his chest. He had fought back his screams, but it tore from his throat. Even when he was barely conscious, he still told them to fuck off. He had defeated his adversary and survived after three whole months of being held hostage, tortured, weak and helpless.
Maria had no doubt they were going to be happily ever after… After all they were soulmates. Their love was the sort of love that got songs written in their honour. Man and woman, alpha and omega together, into the sunset. It was everyone’s dream come true.
“Kneel before me.” Loki stamped his scepter on the ground and his and the other Lokis’ scepter glow. You could hear several screams but the rest of the crowd remain still as a stone “I said…” his voice laced with anger.
Surprised by Tony's action, Bruce had to catch his breath for a moment before his lips curled into a big smile. At first, he didn't really know how to react to Tony, wondered if it just childish curiosity to meet the 'other guy'. However Tony was comfortable enough around Bruce that he shocked him in a tiny room full of breakable things to show him that he trusted Bruce’s control unlike everyone else, unlike Bruce himself.
“If he did lapse, he didn’t get the drinks from me,” Natasha said. “Thor hadn’t served him anything stronger than a beer in ages, either.”
But there’s no answer; the other deputy had been guarding his back, Sam was positive, but now the main street was empty except for him and the thief. Sam frowned in annoyance—it was much less fun showing off without James to show off to.
.” He kicked the fallen table. “What now? We were supposed to find Tony. Now that we did, it turns out he doesn’t want to be saved…”
The stage was not the only thing moving. A black-clad figure emerged from the large building on the opposite of the Mail Office—the townhall. And the swishing, long jacket was unmistakable.
“Oh, don’t look so spooked, I just wanted to congratulate you on handling the problem with the miners with such discretion,” she said. “I haven’t seen them in days.”
“Afraid not,” said Coulson, “but if you so wish, you can hear all about the adventure of stuck trains in the middle of a summit. I hear it is quite thrilling.”
“So, the guy couldn’t handle being unimportant?” said Sam, disgusted. “Sounds like someone who doesn’t deserve to be.”
And Steve listened, sense of touch on high alert for every tap, his heart beating fast. His eyes fell on a hydrant an odd hundred feet away; he braced himself, knowing he was using his last bullet, and blew off the valve with a well-placed shot.
Steve pursed lips, feeling as though he had just bit on something very bitter as he watched Peter skid away.
. Rumor had it serving on the battle fields for years had left him war-fatigued. And that the horrors surfaced in sudden bursts of uncontrollable anger, and an inability to handle stress. And that the color green could be somehow at fault of triggering those, hence why he was now here, surrounded by sand. But those were only rumors.
“I’ll throw you a bone,” Tony went on. “You’ve just found out I’m innocent and now you’re trying to get the ball rolling without losing your face. Let’s hear it.”
have you sober for today’s appointment, shall we?” said Obie sharply, eyes flashing, and his hand closed upon Tony’s wrist, preventing him from bringing the liquid to his lips.
“Because they have already started to prepare for it. A head start in design and manufacturing will guarantee them a place in the helm of the industry before their rivals have even had the chance to warm up.” Steve looked up at Fury. “Did you come up with this in four weeks?”
Steve looked over at Sharon as well; she was standing next to Ms. Hill, already engaged in a conversation as though she had not just arrived at her side of the room. Women were so strange sometimes.
However, he had dropped some snippets: the man had big expectations for a new kind of Stark’s six-shooter about to hit commercial markets. A train loaded full of metal parts on its way to San Francisco had weighted so much that the Half Mile Bridge had needed steel reinforcement. The debate on who should pay for the costs had went to court the week before—where Obadiah Stane himself had been in attendance.
Steve sprinted through the dark town. It was deserted; people had long disappeared for supper inside their houses. Steve tore up the steps, onto the porch and through the oak doors of the townhall, and off up the mahogany stairs, toward the second floor.
Clint’s prediction became true within a few hours. Shortly after dinner time, half the town was found gathered in the townhall’s courtroom to discuss the rebuilding of the bridge. There, Fury detached Steve from the others by telling him about a just-received report from the Denver prison. Once he had Steve cornered in a tiny corner of a hallway, he started.
“Exhausting night?” asked Jarvis with a knowing look Tony disliked; he thought he caught it sometimes when he ranted to Jarvis about the inquest, the law, and its enforcers.
Hooves clapped on the street up ahead. Steve kept looking around him, craning his neck to see over Bucky’s head, but their chosen path was deserted. At the crossing, which was empty as well, they reached two possible directions, and took the right. Steve wasn’t sure why, but the lack of people unnerved him. Surely this meant something had scared them off? It felt reassuring to think this
Indeed, as they observed the room, they caught a distant cousin caress the Windsor chair she was sat on with a ravenous look, as though she was contemplating how they’d look in the parlour of her Georgian house.
“I did not like how Mr. Stane looked at him.” Jarvis’ hollow chest was rising and falling unsteadily now. “He looked at him and saw his father. Anthony was more than that.”
Then he went very white. That was all the warning they got before the man went down like a puppet with cut strings and Steve had to rush to save Jarvis’ head from the sharp edge of his desk. Down on the floor, cradling the limp, ashen-faced man, Steve shared wide-eyed glances with his friends.
Steve thumbed the settings to focus the lenses as far as possible in an effort to catch sight of the number painted on the bricks two-hundred-odd yards from them.
But Steve never found what he wasn’t going to do; Fury was interrupted by a resounding crash behind them on the street.
he told himself; why was it so hard? Finally, it fell from his palm and Steve closed the bedroom door behind him quickly, as though to resist the temptation to pick it up again.
Witness, accomplice, family, every possible connection or timeline tying them to one another, they raked over them, Steve joining in at intervals. He would have been happy to sit alone in silence, get paperwork done, trying to fool his mind off the one unsigned paper in his possession, but Bucky insisted on his attendance in ever more unlikely debates simply, Steve was aware, to keep him from brooding.
Tony was barely listening. Where was Obie? He did not seem to be at the back of the room near the edibles … he was nowhere near the hall he had walked through … he wasn’t part of any of the groups lingering by the French windows, occasionally discussing in detail the garden outside…
“As a matter of interest,” Tony said, laid far back in the seat, “I hope you’ll not arrest my butler. Is that not the common way? In their defence, serving somebody all hours of a day does sound like a handful — and they would be really good at cleaning off the blood.”
“Did you destroy our floor in order to—never mind,” added Steve, realizing that Tony wasn’t listening.
Steve stepped away from Natasha and put his arms to his hips. “No one stopped you from joining,” he said.
“Are we back to this?” Tony said. “Homicide isn’t my style.” A slow prickling had started near his temples; he groaned, “Please stop frowning, you’re giving me a headache.”
“What are you trying to get me out of the way for?” he asked sharply, turning to look at Rogers again. “You got plans?”
A kind of numbness and a sense of complete unreality were upon Steve, but he did not care; he was even glad of it. He didn’t want to think about anything that had happened since he had gotten out of bed. He did not want to examine the thoughts, fresh and sharp as photographs, which kept flashing across his mind. The Starks, killed. Tony, scarred, tapping on his chest at the merest mention of Stane. Tony … gone … Tony, lifting molds of steel from a pail…
Tony rubbed his forehead; there was a tremble to his fingers that was getting harder to ignore, no matter how tightly he gripped the tools. Math was difficult. Bolts eluded him. He decided, after a few attempts, that the Mercedes did not require its engine.
“You’ve got your thinking cap on,” noted Tony, who was looking at Steve’s mile-long gaze. “What’s the plan, Inspector?”
“Ah, I forgot … everyone hates buying gifts to you because you never need anything,” said Sam with a sardonic smile.
Tony thought of the house, of rooms he had been carried away from by a nurse; he thought of mysterious objects never explained to him, and the scolding he had got when he’d tried to figure them out himself, and resentment swelled in his chest. Why had Howard done it? Had he ever wished for a child in the first place? Or had Tony been nothing more than a testimony of his supreme intellect, a document to bring out whenever its contents suited him best?
He threw himself into a divan, arranging an embroidered cushion behind his back. He noticed, with no little degree of amusement, that Rogers was careful not to let his eyes stray to Tony, as though he were witnessing something indecent.
“Well, you can save it. He’s under several pounds of stone. And rather unable to appreciate it,” said Tony, who dodged the contact. “To service him would be to ignore consent, which is as good as violating the right of sepulchre or rape, depending on what you believe of the Hereafter.”
“Why are you so distracted nowadays?” Steve asked him, his inner tiredness creeping into his voice. “Are you planning something?”
“Exactly,” said Fury, looking greatly approving. “Unfortunately, we can’t touch them. They’re rich. They arm our military. We must act quietly without raising alarm. But, how do we know which company to target?”
“People will stand a great deal from a beautiful man or woman,” remarked Jarvis, who had his hands clasped behind his back.
“Sure,” said Steve, though he felt that, too, would result in another dead end. While Sam made his exit, Steve wandered into the bedroom for a chance of clothes.
Tony doubled back to the stairs and down to the hall, where there were only two visible, far-apart doors. The one on the left belong to the dining room, the other to the drawing room. However, Tony was privy to one more: hidden midst the panels of the stair’ flank was a door that opened to the forbidden land of Howard. Tony had never entered his father’s workshop here. He pushed open the door, fingers fumbling for a switch.
For three weeks, Steve forgot the warnings of his friends. September turned to October and the rains came. Water flowed from the mountains toward the valley, flooding the river. The hills glowed golden with the color-changing flora.
Jarvis blinked at him. Steve thought his milky eyes wouldn’t dry for the rest of the day; he just hoped this shock, though a happy one at that, would not prove to be too much for him. Not when they had just gotten each other back.
At this, if Steve had not been mistaken, the serious, thin-lipped man had blushed under his rather badly receding hairline.
“Lincoln was a yarn-spinning fossil whose impact on war and social effort is greatly exaggerated and romanticized. What good would it have done to him or us to be protected in everywhere else but the body part whose injury actually did him in?”
“Those who oppose our Sheriff, or his friend, best sleep with one eye open,” joked Strucker, shouting his words for all of court to hear. “Old Boogey Man might take ya!”
One of the off sunny days found Clint and Steve behind stacked sacks of flour in front of Joe’s. All around them there was a fine dusting of powdery snow that had fallen the night before, and which Clint had brushed off the sacks, so that it would not stir when he took his shot and, subsequently, alert his presence to the man they were looking out for.
In reply, Tony’s hands went instinctively to his throat in a gesture as unavoidable as prodding a sore tooth. It felt unrecognizable beneath his fingers, tight, swollen and hot, as though he had suffered some acute allergic reaction. Rhodey’s eyes followed the movement like a bird of prey. Sensing an air-strike on Mayfair was brewing in the horizon, Tony hastened to make amends.
“Hm? Oh,” said Tony, who’s eyes had just caught the point of interest: a camera trip-wired to take a shot of anyone who opened the door, though as Obie was already in the untouched room, it would need a reboot. The shots were a one-off.
For some reason, Fury gave Clint an annoyed look, as though it was all his fault he was enduring the force of Steve’s obstinance instead of easy cooperation, but Steve, glancing across at Bucky, who was indifferently chewing on a straw, thought that Fury was fighting a long-lost battle. However, Fury had not said his last word.
“None of you remember Stane’s letter?” Bucky said, standing up and giving each of them an intense look by turn. “How he wrote about his best worker? No?”
The theory fit: the secrecy, the weird hours suddenly made sense. Still, it did not satisfy. Was this really why he came in so late? Bored, Tony had said. Yet he skipped meals, piled up project after project with a frenzy as though trying to reach a deadline—for what?
“It’s good to see him up and running,” said Clint and Steve couldn’t help but notice there was a new, rather fatherly tone to his usual sneer. “Tony was something of a hero to him. If there’s one person who took his loss about as hard as you, it’s this kid.”
Inside, he was met by dark wainscoted walls that surrounded about eight round tables, two of which were occupied by poker players, who started to wrap up as Steve walked past the pot-belly stove in the middle of the room and approached the counter, lit by a candle chandelier. It wasn’t until he was standing behind the two men there that he remembered why he tended to avoid the place.
“They’re just pulling your leg,” Steve offered at his imploring look, but couldn’t help adding, as he brushed past him to get his portion of beans: “It was dinner plate-sized.”
Instead of treating him downstairs, Bruce ushered Steve straight to his apartment above his practice, where he sat Steve down by the table while he unpacked his groceries into the kitchen cupboards. Staring around the space, trying to think of a good excuse to his lack of selfcare he hadn’t yet used, Steve saw a bed, a curtained alcove, a frayed oriental carpet and several precarious-looking piles of books. It was most unusual to observe Bruce’s modest living environment; he was good enough to practice in New York, or Washington.
There was a sticky moment where they all sensed Tony’s name in the offing anyway; the heavy silence made it clear to Steve that Tony had been the topic even before he appeared. Clint started polishing his rifle’s patch box with a shirt sleeve.
His way to the shops, as Tony saw when he got out of his car that he had parked far off to keep a low profile, skirted the local police station. The warmth of the sun caressed his face as he passed its high-set windows and two-toned brick wall, and he got savage pleasure in imagining Rogers pouring uselessly over a ceiling-high mountain of guns delivered from his house in three separate police vehicles; he had not been seen since.
At his son’s side, Hammer Sr.’s legs buckled as though he was about to kneel, but then stilled, as his eyes had only now zeroed in on Tony, frozen by the shelves.
Here, he leaned over a spindle-legged side table and slapped the needle of a gramophone down, letting the swell of the music fill the room, his erratic brain, his scattered thoughts…
Bucky stared into Steve’s earnest face and did not seem reassured, but frustrated. Perhaps Steve’s feelings were clear on his face, for Bucky looked apologetic and hurried on, “Steve, we don’t mean to slander—”
“You know whose behavior you’re starting to remind me of?” Bucky shouted after him when Steve made his leave, buttoning his shirt as sped through the house. “Tony’s! And after three years of forcing him to take some time off for himself, you’d think the message would’ve got across to your thick head too, punk.”
So, the next weekend found them under the porch in wait for Happy’s stage with mixed feelings. There had been steady news in the papers about arrest, though of the three arrests made in the last month, they doubted one of them was genuine. Steve, meanwhile, stared into the snow-covered remains of the forge not far off on the other side of the wide street. promising both to himself and Tony,
,” said Sam desperately. “How did Stane find Tony when we all thought him dead? Why would he want him to make a weapon when he’s got whole stocks of them himself?”
The reason for this, as it was absurd to imagine they had not felt the explosion, became apparent after remembering the map: this was the only route to Sector 16 from Sector 10.
“Later today,” Bruce grunted as he staggered to his feet, still offering instructions with a clinical tone, “disinfect it well with vinegar and paint it over with butter or powder it with flour. Repeat every night until it starts to itch.”
,” Bucky said gesturing to the general direction of Steve’s chin. “You should buy one of those papier-mâché masks from Joe’s before tonight. Although, they fall utterly short of nightmare-inducing in the face of those dark circles. You’re going to scare off all your partners.”
Tony nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely what he wanted, so as the library doors opened behind them, Tony hurried straight past the hall, up the stairs and into the landing.
“Then they’d better pick well,” Steve said, standing up with a creak of boot leather and reached to rip off his star.
We're trying to sell a house I inherited some 8 years ago and it requires a bit of TLC before it's ready to be bought by anyone so that's kept me busy enough for these weeks... Should be okay now, so, next update will be on time because it's already been read through for mistakes.
Steve had never really been allowed to be young; war detached one from such concerns. Still, people untouched by war seemed younger and older than him, both at once. Steve had thought he had seen some of that imposed maturing in Tony. But Tony back then had been too young for war. Why, then, had he seen the same fatigue mirrored in his husband’s eyes at the sight of his old uniform?
“Of course,” Steve replied automatically and watched Tony tap against his chest in so short an interval it resembled a tic.
Anyways, a MASSIVE thank you to anyone who left comments, kudos or bookmarked! You are all my heroes and the real MVPs of the stony fandom for clicking on a fic that is so outside the common tropes. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
If you don't know me from my previous fic, hi, I'm twenty-five-year-old, northern European who spends far too much effort on writing about fictional characters she is never going to publish for profit, and only in fandoms that are either dead or dying when I traipse in, late to the party as usual #StoryOfMyLife. Anyway, they've been showing the OG's, the crime mama's, creme de la creme on tv since July and my, uh, fingers slipped? And they slipped some more ... like, a lot? And now there's 31,5K on my Word document, half-unedited, cause in this house we use no beta. We die like meh.
“Who knows, the guy sounds nuts anyway,” Clint said, and gave an enormous stretch. He massaged at his stomach. “What’s the time?”
Hope reined around her horse, who went gladly. “Then we’ll wire everyone we know who live on the road there. Mr. Rogers, ask Mr. Hogan to lend us his wagon for moving Moolissa.”
“No,” said Clint, whose breath misted the air in front of him. “For an outlaw, this one is unnaturally dull.”
The first two lines had been misspelled and later revised, as though the correct appearance had been tested for something important, something official. But why, then, had such an unnecessary paper been stashed away into such safe place? Had Howard been interrupted writing something he did not want others to see? What did he regret? Could this have been a reconciliation never sent? Once the thought entered Tony’s head, it stuck to it as though glued, and each line written by a once warm hand begun to read like a whisper from a voice beyond the grave.
Hot anger dropped into Maria’s stomach like a bucket of coals. Tony saw his mom grab his dad’s arm only to be slapped hard. Losing her balance, his mom fell on the floor.
“This was all your fault.” she yelled with animalistic fury. “I should never have you.’’ His mother's words stabbed him deep but he held back tears. It was ingrained by Howard who would become worse if Tony so much as show a weakness. Stark men are made of iron- Howard would say.
“Steven, are you possess. Think about what your dad will think. He will disown you. Why does it have to be him?”
Then Steve scolded himself under his breath. This wasn’t the appropriate time for distracting thoughts. Steve quickly pulled himself up off the floor, snagged his shield off the ground and began making his way over toward Iron Man.
“He’s not slowing down.” Thor remarked gravely next to him and began swinging his hammer round in preparation to take off. Steve had that feeling again, the same one he had as he watched Bucky fell to his death, that feeling of helplessness. It was like an Ice Giant had reached in and dug out his heart
“Why? Why couldn’t I be enough for you? This wasn’t the life you promised me.” Her voice was broken.
Howard seemed dead set about having a child. Even though Maria knew she would regret it, she felt like she should honor her soulmate wish. After all they were soulmates, his wish should be hers as well. She could leave the child to the help. It wouldn’t change a thing except it might bring the some of the old Howard back. If only she knew…
Tony walked over to Bruce's workstation, smiling at him. "You know, you should come by Stark tower sometime. Top ten floors, all R and D. You'd love it, it's Candy Land." He offered, his voice was hopeful.
Steve rose into his full height before stepping off the ledge he had landed on. A few people began to stand as they looked up at the sight of Captain America.
"I know ten guys with none of that, who was worth ten of you.” Bullets encased in Steve’s syllables and frustration as he tried to bring Tony Stark down. The Ten commandos worth ten of Tony Stark, who was nothing more than a self-obsess poser tried to act like a hero.
There was no reason for him to feel any guilt or pity when the guy was this disgustingly arrogant. This was the guy they chose to carry the mantle Captain America, seriously, were they imbecile?! Erskine chose him because he was a good man, my foot! And Fury wanted this arrogant, brainless gorilla to be the leader of the Avengers, like Tony would ever follow him anywhere!
He glanced fearfully at Pepper who mumbled something incoherent as she rolled over in her sleep next to him. He shamefully glanced down at his stomach and legs; both coated with semen and sighed.
Steven was half-breathless under the unmistakable lust in his eyes, his heart pounded… by the sudden turnabout and how bold and unrestraint Anthony was… not a typical Omega.
But in Bruce's case it was never his fault. He shouldn't have to live with people corpses tied to him.
Loki looked flabbergasted before gathering himself. "... If it's all the same to you.” he shifted his hand to support his back and let out a small sound of pain. “I'd like that drink now." Loki smiled a bit sheepishly before looking warily at the tip of Hawkeye’s arrow, the man looked like he would just love to shoot him in the eye. Tony, just being Tony, chuckled at Loki’s antics.
He swiftly moved around Steve before walked away in long strides even though Rogers could (and would) catch up with him. “You’re all the same, but whatever. I should have known.”
‘It should have been me.’ Damn it if anyone had to die it should’ve been him, not a good man like Coulson. Another better man had died. And Phil had been really happy since he met his soulmate a few months ago.
Thor stepped closer to Fury, his gaze scorching on the Director’s back “I thought humans were more evolved than this.” he said sharply.
"I'm sorry, sir." Steve said coldly in between punches, sounding like he didn't give a damn. "I can't join your Avenger Initiative."
A tension creeping into every inch of the Omega’s back. He was angry at Rogers for treating him like he was fragile and at himself for falling for the stupid ruse. This was absurd he wasn’t the weak Omega who used to cry when his parent punished him anymore. He had come too far from that, had emerged a strong Dominant. He was the untamable Omega who Alphas had tried to control, use or break him and had failed miserably…
He breathed in, sharply, and dug his nails into the meat of his palms until it bleeds. Why did Rogers make it all so difficult?! “And you are an arrogant bastard!”
Steve started to walk away but then he turned around. “I had been meaning to ask you. The expedition… you could have cut the fund.” because the expedition to search for him from under the ice had been funded by Stark industry. “Why? If you really… I meant you must think I was dead.” the bond in him that rang strong and true ever since Tony’s near-death told him the answer but he wanted to hear it from Tony.
“Finally, someone who speaks English!” To talk to someone without dumbing down any explanation was perfect.
Even all the perfume in the world couldn’t sweetened his hands. The only thing that help him slept was helping and saving people and atoning, atoning and keep atoning his sins in every way he could think of.
His last thought being Steve- the warmth, the flutters, the truth in his eyes that Tony refused to see. Perhaps delusional was common before death because he swore he felt Steve was here with him. Steve’s warmth, despair, and fear spilled into him. His soul reached out to touch.
Then he pushed past the last pair of shoulders, drew himself close to the Omega. His soulmate’s scent was powerful, the ambrosial smoky-woody-floral smell that had bypassed his brain and went straight to his cock.
The truth is Steve kind of had been looking at Howard through 'soulmate' goggle which even powerful an illusion than 'first love goggle' and pretty much make it all perfect in his own mind-which is pretty far from reality-and only remember the good thing. You know like people who seriously believe they can't love anyone after they fail their first love but then bam The One show up and you know…Sometime people put they first love on pedestal and what-not...I never did that,  but even after 20 years I still remember my first love and have lingering feeling and I haven’t met him for 20 years
"Tony!" No response. "Tony, I'm here!" He shouted louder, looking around outside. Tony heard Rogers' voice through the HUD over the sound of explosions and the super-soldier’s form came into view on the HUD.
"He’s got to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier." Bruce explained before Tony could answer and Steve resented him a little for it.
And I imagine with Tony luck with relationship he has been hurt deeply by alpha before-I mean with his wealth and company of course they will be some female /male alpha who would try to conquer the untamable Tony Stark and try to “break him” or make him fall deeply in love before stealing his invention’s blue print.
A strange noise was coming through the commlink in his headgear. No, it wasn't a noise; it was music, some sort of rock song he assumed. The sound grew louder by the second. Completely confused about what was happening, Steve rolled over and looked up to the plane. Wondering what the hell Natasha was doing, distracting him and possibly endanger their mission.
Of course, not all Betas is a peaceful diplomat, I mean Phil and Fury are high-level Betas (close to Alphas in the hormone chart) and they have Alpha-like quality and the best thing is they are not affected by heat like Alphas so high-level Beta is also the great candidate for leadership.
Steve touched him as if he was fragile, breakable and he couldn’t breathe, he felt dizzy and there was a sense of deja-vu like this had happened before. At the back of his brain, he wondered why he wasn’t angry, usually, he hated to be treated like this.
Feeling sick with guilt, really Pepper didn’t deserve this. Tony got soundlessly to his feet and moved to the bathroom, cursed, and took a shower.
It was written that Tony was dying at the time. Steve pale at the thought of his soulmate could have been dead but he had been dying for half of his childhood, he would never endanger other people like Tony did.
Steven didn’t respond – he really couldn’t – but he let loose. He picked up speed, went harder and faster, this time, finding Anthony’s sweet spot as well. Anthony's eyes widened and he screamed. Steven moaned-no doubt felt his ecstasy through the bond-and pounded into his sweet spot harder, faster. They were one. Mind, body, and soul, they were joined, and their minds a mess of sensation, love, and lust.
“Good move,” Tony said, relaxed his posture and lowered his arms as his symphony of whirs quietened; his weapons disappeared back into his suit, stance turned from offensive to relax.
Gritted his teeth, Steve’s hand shot out grabbed the staff before ripped it away from his head. He then flipped and kicked Loki in his face with his knee and sent him flailed backward, "Not today!"
He should have known that Rogers, the self-righteous jackass would sweep his hand away. So much for the paragon of virtue and defender of the underdog, Rogers used to be discriminated against because of his size and sickness shouldn’t he empathized more with Bruce!
He could smell the faint scent of blood from Tony that he didn’t smell before he was… mind control? Steve forced himself to push his worry aside, there was a more important thing. The Alpha knew if he looked he would see blood on Tony’s knuckle.
To Tony, meeting Steve again was like drinking a tall glass of water after a lifetime in the desert. It took all of his strength to resist the temptation to touch Steve, to hold him, to kiss him, to tell him everything. Tony felt like a nervous teenager all over again. The genius watched the other closely. Steve looked amazing, livelier. Electric sparks danced in Tony’s tummy. Their eyes were glued together, and he was lost in those sparkling, silvery blue eyes. He couldn't look away it was like staring into the arc reactor. He was hypnotized by those hypnotic eyes. Steve’s eyes darkened to an alluring shade of blue. It made Tony’s bones felt like butter left out in the sun.
“Smile that smile when you’re being both sensual and wicked.” The blond said and Anthony complied. “Perfect.”
More surprisingly, instead of walking on eggshells around Doctor Banner like the rest of them, Tony was smiling warmly at the other scientist, laughing, inviting him to his home. He never thought Tony could be so, nice, and friendly, and it pissed Steve to no end that he wasn't like that to Steve at all.
Tony scrubbed a hand across his face. “Yeah, the bond… was kinda hard to miss, even with crazy Norse gods in tow.”
At the thought of Dominant Omega, his thought went to Peggy again. He had always admired her strength and charisma. He didn’t know how it was now, but generally, Alphas in his time wouldn’t even consider a Dominant Omega or would try to get them on their knees. But not him, he had never minded giving up power to his partner in the bedroom he preferred it.
“I’ve been away from the ton for four years. Left because of family and estate business, just return to drawing rooms and ballrooms.” Anthony answered. “How old are you? It doesn’t matter. I just want to know?”
That was the Ace in the hole Fury had on Tony. And there wasn’t a single moment Tony believed Fury wouldn’t use it against him. He trusted the guy as far as he could throw him. If the video ever got out of public it would risk everything Tony fought for!
There was no answer. Steve’s heart was rising in his chest. His hands felt clammy. He couldn’t lose Tony, he would rather die.
Tony swallowed, “Since I was little…” Pepper quickly turned to look at him. At the look of Pepper’s face, he quickly added “It wasn’t like that, I thought he was dead! I just found out he survived about three months ago.’’
The word arrogant bastard reminded him of their recent argument and all his reasons to be mad at Rogers.
Fury replied scathingly “I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
Steve remained calm. This wasn’t the time for verbal jousting; he would clear it out with Tony when everything calmed down. "He got the same blood on his hands that Loki did." He took a step closer.
In fact Alphas is generally highly competitive which make them successful in anything they put their mind into…they also have leadership qualities and protective of their mate.
Tony wondered why his mother stay in a broken marriage when she was still young and gorgeous. Surely they were plenty of rich Alpha would have her if she just kick Howard out of her life. Then it down on him that maybe it was the soul bond that poison people mind into thinking that they were only one road to happiness. The sweetest poison that poisoned one’s mind, made you believe in fake feeling and unrealistic dreams before slowly ate at your soul. It made people pathetic and miserable. Tony vowed he would never let a soul bond dictate his life. He refused to end up like his mother.
Massaged his forehead with his hand, Steve looked around the room in confusion as if seeing it for the first time. This whole thing… Steve felt like he had turned inside out, all his anger and hurt about Tony and his harsh rejection spewing forth.
Cap sighed in relief that Tony was safe and sound. Tony closed his eyes and didn't move when the clomping of footsteps nearer and stopped beside him.
‘What footage?’ was Tony's first thought. Then Tony was horrified when he remembered the footage in the cave. The day he learned of Shield's existence, he immediately aware that Fury must get his hands on them.
“Don’t. Don’t say we shouldn’t have done that.” Anthony’s eyes were deadly serious. He released Steven, letting his feet slipped limply to the ground. “I would rather die than live without your love.”
But in Tony POV, there is no way he would let freaking male Alphas on their powers trip try to remind Tony of his place-and he just assume Steve would want to since he is an ultimate Alpha and from 1940 century.
I had reason why I think Steve and later tony visit the memory of their past lives. Steve was a famous painter in his past life.
“You know what, when all this was over, you could find someone better. Someone who would listen to you, did whatever you say? Bend over for you whenever you snapped your fingers.” Tony said, long and low and dark.
It was unnerving seeing Loki spun back seemingly untouched when Steve's punches usually sent his opponents flying. Taking advantage of Steve's momentary pause, Loki quickly attacked him with his staff, knocked his shield to the side, before his fist connected solidly and sent the Captain flying.
He put up a hand to touch Tony, his hand shaking a little… He wanted it too much, it was all too much.
“I-We couldn’t be together anymore… It wasn’t fair to you.” Quieter still, on a soft expulsion of breath that sounded like it hurt Tony to let go. "I’m sorry." Tony said, far weaker than he intended. He's not crying but something in him must be weeping, otherwise, he wouldn't want to crumple like flimsy paper. “I should have told you, I should have told you 2 months ago. I just didn't want it.’’
“Means the portal won't collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD.” Quickly scanned the room for people’s reactions. His dramatic flair seemed to work per-usual though Natasha looked unimpressed, Banner looked slightly wary and Thor mostly listened with rudimentary interest. He wondered how smart Thor was for someone from a superior tech-planet.
“All that for an Omega son.”  Maria’s face was a study in disappointment as she handed the baby over to the nurse and waved him away. The baby should at least be born an Omega girl easier to marry her off since female Omega was better at raising children.
Steve’s punches faltered before picking up again. He didn’t recognize the world he lived in now. This wasn’t the world he willing to die to protect anymore. "That is unfortunate because I don’t need this world.” Steve punched the bag a little harder. “Should have left me in the ice.” Steve gritted his teeth, put more force into his next blow and the punching bag flown backward, rupturing like an artery
The guy was just like every arrogant, egotistical alpha he had the displeasure of meeting. Worse he was every bit like Howard, an extreme EGOIST who ALWAYS thought he knew better than anyone, and whose ego got to the point where he couldn't see beyond his own ‘greatness.’ He was everything Tony loathed.
Just as the ENERGY BEAM shot out towards the old man, Captain America leaped forward shield first, deflecting the blast that shot out back at Loki, knocking him down.
And they really should improve Roger's uniform, it looked kind of dumb. He ignored the fact Rogers wore it really, really well. Just how much protection did it gave him anyway? Tony bet he could make one 10 times better… not that he cared about Roger’s safety of course. And who wore bright blue and enjoy having a giant star in the middle of his chest for people to target! Did Captain ‘perfect’ lacking brain cells or had latent suicidal tendencies… The last thought sent a wave of panic through him… No Rogers must have serious lack of self-preservation instinct…
In Steven’s hand, he was helplessly happy. Making love with his beloved was so sweet, it was ecstasy. To have Steven inside of him for the first time was pure bliss he cried with happiness. For the first time in his life, he felt complete. It was as though he was waking from a long winter… Like when he and Steven first kiss…
Soul-bonding was a rare occurrence with only 3500 bonding confirmation in America since the early seventeenth century. The rarest and ultimate bond of soul-bonding was called the Twin-flame; they claimed to have spent many past reincarnations together.
For a second Tony’s composure broke and he was moving with half-desperate, nervous energy, looking at Steve like the only thing he wanted was for him to be happy, and Steve... had to use all his will power not to just grab him and kiss him.
He had struggled to live up to Howard's expectations since he was four. He kept thinking if he worked even harder, be better, his father would approve of him, would love him until he realized the ugly truth.
Steve cursed, he couldn’t see any sign of his soulmate but a stream of fire in the dark sky. Every fiber of his being screamed at him to go after Tony.
He could give them all different floors and provide each floor with enough necessities there won’t be any reason for him and Steve to interact beyond the call of duty.
"This circle of light, it's part of me, not just armor. It's a... terrible privilege." His Ironman suits and the arc reactor gave him the means to change his life, to redirect his focus into helping people. They physically enabled him to be a better man. The man he wanted so desperately to be.
"No way!" Steve barked across the comm "If that thing gets up to speed with you in it, you would get shred!"
Surprise filled Steven’s eyes before it vanished making way to love and acceptance he could never dream to be directed at him. “Okay.” The Alpha said. Now it was Anthony turned to be surprised. “Anything you want.” Steven gently ran his warm fingers from Anthony's cheek down to his chin, caressed him.
Not having Tony around would be unbearable and Steve didn't want to go through that. ‘Not again.’ Something in him screamed through the bond.
“These were in Phil Coulson's jacket...” Fury said, staring at something in his hands. Maria looked up at that. “I guess he didn’t get you to sign them…” the Director of Shield allowed some of his sadness leaked to his voice as he threw the bloodstained Captain America trading cards on the table towards Steve.
The bigoted alphas in his board of directors would use it to question Tony’s ability to make all the important decisions for Stark Industry so they could sell weapons again. The media would have a field day about Tony being a loose Cannon, ranting how an Omega especially one with PSTD was uncut to ever be a superhero. The public would question if he was mentally stable enough to don Iron Man. The military would use it as an excuse to take his armors from him. And it would risk Rhodey’s job seeing as he had vouched for Tony. He couldn’t, he wouldn’t make more trouble for Rhodey, not after the palladium poisoning debacle!
'Pictures,' he thinks back; when was the first time he even left Stark Manor? When would he have seen his first animal?
‘Ok!’ Tony interrupts his rambling. ‘This is great, really; Captain America is giving me a pep talk over some really expensive scotch…’
‘I do not strictly report to anyone, Captain,’ is the reply. ‘But I shall assume the intent behind your question was regarding my loyalties. I am Tony Stark’s creation and it is to him alone that I must answer.’
'Oh, sorry, Pete,' he hisses at his best friend, 'no you can't play with your brother today. He's off with his father; you're just stuck with me I'm afraid.'
This probably needs editing once I've had some sleep but I'm posting it now because I've put it off for too long..
She initially works around him as though not quite seeing him but when he offers to help her in anyway he can she smiles and begins to open up.
'Of course, sweetheart,' Tony presses a kiss to his cheek. 'Save all that and shut down,' Tony instructs aloud even though he doesn't need to.
'You don't have to,' he chokes as fingers brush against him as his pants are tugged down. 'If you don't like it stop there's plenty else we can...' he swallows heavily as Steve presses a kiss on him through his boxers.
'Yeah? Well, Cap's an overachiever,' Tony tells him and hops up onto one of the bar stools. 'Feed me.'
'I do,' he nods. 'Because it is. He's just starting to find things that he enjoys; I can't rip that from him and hand him a baby.'
'How did you bring that up? I didn't install...' the man peers down at the screen as he connects the phone to Jarvis' home. 'Ok, now it just looks like the Matrix.'
'Right,' Tony agrees before scowling suddenly. 'Jarvis, get me one of those child-sized crash-test dummies.'
He starts out jogging but his speed picks up now he's moving towards what he wants. He pulls himself back from a full out sprint as the tower comes into view. The doors open to him as he jogs up and the lift is waiting for him.
As the song ends Tony passes Pepper to another man and flashes his Tony-Stark smile as he leaves the dance floor. Steve joins him at the bar where the bartender has produced a martini with no prompting and placed it on the bar.
He can't think what they are, right now, but he still drops his gaze to his son and steps away from Steve.
Tony stumbles backwards through the door carrying a heavy looking box and interrupts whatever reply Jarvis may have given. Steve takes a breath and squares his shoulders as he crosses the room to take the box from his partner's arms.
'No, no,' Tony waves a hand and Jarvis brings up the data in question in a graph and overlays it with indications of usage and power preservation, 'it's all explained. It's designed to match power requirements which reduce over night; I admittedly didn't expect it to drop quite so low, but I guess Stark Tower stays busier over night than you do.'
‘If Hulk hears you scream he might actually pummel Rogers through the floor,’ Natasha points out helpfully, barely sounding out of breath.
'I suggest the penthouse, sir. I shall take a scan and we can keep a digital copy down here,' there's a flicker in the corner and then a hologram of the picture activates.
This story topped 1k kudos during the week, not to mention all the wonderful/helpful/inspiring reviews; I love you all :D
'A drunk tried to get handsy with Nat and Bruce stepped between them; he got a knife in his gut for his trouble.'
When Steve wakes up the next morning he finds a bouquet of flowers in the livingroom on his floor. There isn't a note attached but Steve assumes Tony must have had them sent.
'Then you communicate only through Jarvis, and Jim transfers between you on the lift,' Rhodey goes for the worst case scenario.
'Thank you,' Steve blurts suddenly, 'for the painting. I mean it's insane and far too much and I have no idea what to do with it, but thanks; it's beautiful.'
'We're moving,' Tony walks to his friend, claps him on the shoulder, and strides off towards his bedroom.
'Cap's going to be a Daddy,' Tony corrects before shooting him a look, 'or a different name if he wants?'
On the screen Tony's sprawled on the seat of the jet, his sunglasses are on, he's holding what looks like a martini and he's gazing at his tablet. As Steve watches the genius seems to tense and scowl at the tablet, but only very subtlety, before his gazes shifts towards the camera.
He misses Tony terribly even though his day probably wouldn't have been any different if Tony were home.
'Cap?' Pete is suddenly climbing over him and dropping down between him and Tony. 'Cap! Dada is back!'
Once things have calmed down, which only happens once Fury agrees to take Clint and Natasha to see their handler, Steve leaves to follow Tony.
'Thor!' Steve's voice sounds out as he and the others step from the lift. 'Welcome back! There's nothing wrong, I hope?'
He must be allowed a free pass when he's just had a panic attack, and Steve doesn't normally read anything into his overly tactile nature.
And then they found a dart board and Clint showed him how to throw knives at it, which was brilliant even though he wasn't allowed a turn.
'What about him?' he glances to where Steve is standing beside one of his other cars with his arms crossed.
'Alright,' he'll have to accept that as a negative. 'How often can I see him? Do you want to... supervise my visits?'
'I am not certain. Captain Rogers displays love struck behaviours, such as spending much time with sir, drawing his features from memory and acting protective towards him against SHIELD. However he has not been vocal whilst masturbating so I...'
'All right,' Tony rubs his hands together. 'Let's assume I'm not completely crazy; what does that gain us?'
'Colonel Rhodes received an invitation out last night, he has not returned to the tower,' Jarvis reports delicately.
'I can,' Steve shrugs and looks down. 'You were teasing me, but there was no reason for me to think you were being malicious.'
Getting one of each of the Avengers action figures was necessary though, and he couldn't help the cuddly shield. The three tubs of Lego technic just make sense and so do the large number of toy cars, the road mat to go with them and the multilevel car park and garage. As for the paints and crayons, what kid doesn't like that shit? And the three remote controlled cars were just too good not to get, though, actually, if he just adjusts the gearing... But not right now. The bicycle is, admittedly, not the most practical toy at the top of a skyscraper, but the penthouse is pretty open plan and he doesn't have carpets.
After what could honestly have been hours but was most likely only a minute or so Steve feels himself tensing up and he makes a babbling noise that he hopes Tony understands. Tony doesn't move though.
Tony can't help smirking a little when Steve looks up. The blonde blushes but grins and averts his eyes as he stands up as well.
'Hey, pumpkin,' Tony grins at the helmet. 'Can I get back to work now?' He's already turned back to the bomb.
Tony has mostly convinced himself on that one, but then has the same feeling when he opens his next message.
Clint looks vaguely terrified by the prospect but Steve isn't strictly sure he's got permission to be around Pete right now.
How anyone can ever meet Jarvis and think for a second he is anything but as stubbornly loyal as his creator is beyond her.
'Tony...' he follows helplessly as Tony crosses to put his son onto a couch at the side of the room.
'Great!' Tony grins and claps his hands together. 'I'm going to put on clothes that aren't sleep pants, when I get back I'll make sandwiches, ok kiddo?'
'I get that reference,' Steve manages not to stick out his tongue. 'Clint showed me that movie and I'm much too tall to be a hobbit.'
'Ok,' Tony grabs that box and heads to the lift. 'You can play with those, and with the bots, and I can try to fix what those idiots at SHIELD managed to do by guessing their way towards my tech.'
Steve returns to his floor and settles down opposite the tv with his sketchbook so he can doodle when he isn't gazing longingly at the other man.
'Oh, so much. The liberties you've taken... Make me breakfast for the rest of the week or I'll never forgive you.'
'What are you doing with my son?' he demands of the empty screen and then hides his surprise when a young man appears.
'Fucking Richards...' Tony mutters as he scowls at the generator. 'Whatever, it's not done anything and I need to do stuff.'
‘No,’ Tony starts opening cabinets. ‘The reactor is low. We tried a few things on the poison before I came to you. I need to get back and swap it over.’
'Because Captain Rogers' emotional wellbeing is not my concern,' Jarvis retorts. 'You were not ready to tell him so it was not the correct time to tell him.'
'I arrived on my jet,' Tony shrugs and tucks his sunglasses into his pocket. 'I can get lots of things done on that jet.'
'I don't know,' Bruce shrugs, 'you've been getting along much better. Especially since Pete arrived.'
'Still no new person in your life? That will make a lot of our readers happy,' the flirting is back.
Butterfingers whirs then settles against Tony’s shoulder as You presents the decanter and crouches down to press against Tony’s shin.
He briefly considers moving out to avoid the embarrassment of having to see Tony everyday. Well, every few days, he is
'Tony, will the suit protect you if it goes off next to you?' Steve asks even as he joins the two assassins in exiting the area while still fighting the remains of the gang.
'Tony?' the warm talking pillow is back. 'Pete fell asleep so I've gotten him changed and into bed. Do you... Umm. Are you asleep? Shall I carry you?'
'Yeah, sure,' it's not like Tony has watched TV for anything other than the news or the stocks in years.
He's hoping to lose track of time so he won't be hyper aware of when it's time for Pete to be waking up.
'Well, I know how you love to keep your board members happy,' Steve is looking at him strangely but not moving away so Tony feels he can continue to soak up his warmth.
'Captain,' Fury smiles, 'I know I have the advantage of having seen him before, but look at the boy. Who does he remind you of?'
It’s Loki who decides it would be fun to wipe Tony’s memory. Steve thinks this must be some form of payback for his staff not working the first time they fought.
Steve tries very hard to avoid moping as he goes back to his own floor before returning to the communal floor for some breakfast.
'Captain?' Fury's voice cuts through his thoughts. 'Would it be alright with you if we debrief now?'
'A nerf gun,' Tony agrees. 'There's a bow and arrow version around here somewhere too,' he grabs it from Steve and shoots his son who shrieks with laughter and runs around dodging.
Pepper is worried when she answers the phone, and Rhodey sounds likes he’s bracing himself for something.
'One minute remains,' Jarvis sounds tense and Steve feels the metal of the console give under his grip.
'Well,' Tony can feel Steve straightening his shoulders as his chest moves against Tony's cheek, 'then either you are a little more crazy than we already knew, or you are reliving the day.'
He can't quite decide if he's forgiven the other man or not; on the one hand it would be so easy to just let it go and to fall into this little routine they seem to be setting up, but on the other hand... On the other hand Tony was apparently willing to lie to him about the existence of his son.
This is all he needs to get the roll out going, he grins, soon all his facilities can be on arc reactor power. After that he can start supplying energy to other nearby facilities and beyond.
'Jarvis is faking a history for Pete and Jim,' Tony tries to explain. 'Camera phone photos taken over a distance are easy to fake and he'll make it look like they were dated a while ago. If I leak the information in the right way they'll believe it's true. If I then publicly request that people stop calling up the lady that is my surrogate then they'll all be so busy trying to find her that they'll leave us alone.'
Steve tries to match his touches to Tony's description and imagines it's Tony's hand against his skin.
‘I’m not walking,’ the suit declares. ‘If you’re coming with me you’re going to have to hold tight.’
'Is he ok, Jarvis? I mean with everything that's happened to him in the last week, is there more I can do?'
The first interview with the Stark Heir with photographs; she's going to be rich if she plays this right.
Steve pulls him tight against his side and presses his nose into Tony's hair. Tony presses a kiss to his chest before stretching such that Steve can feel him all down his side. He shifts so he's laying on Steve's chest now, with one leg between Steve's, and rests his head on his arms as he gazes down with a small smile.
'What you have been doing is sufficient,' Jarvis replies. 'Anything extra that you might do can only be at sir's request; he does not appreciate what he would see as meddling.'
There are voices coming to him as if from a distance; people are talking and someone says his name. The voices are raised, but he doesn't pay them any attention.
'What? No,' Tony scoffs. 'I'm not going to do this alone. What the hell do I know about caring for a baby? I'm going to shove them together at every possible opportunity. I'm just not going to tell Cap that the kid's his.'
He moves his own hand away to get a good grip on the back of Steve's head so that when he nips experimentally on the soldier's lip he stays with him when he flinches away,
'We searched for him,' Jarvis replies promptly. 'We searched using every remotely accessible computer on the planet for any sign of him. That we did not start our search within our own servers is an oversight we would never repeat.'
'They can't know what traits it'll display,' Tony scowls, 'unless they know the serum will be passed on.'
‘Yes yes,’ Tony waves a hand around. ‘EMPs in the building are bad. Never again. I get it, I’m very sorry for inconveniencing you.’
Tony just smiles and dodges away when Steve gives him a brief one armed hug. He does follow Steve downstairs for some actual food though and is truly delighted when Steve tells him he skipped debriefing.
Tony sits down on the sofa with another mug of coffee cradled to his chest. Steve sits beside him so he has a good excuse to avert his eyes.
'I need to be sure my kids are cared for,' he tells her with a self conscious shrug. 'The last time I thought about what would happen if I died I gave Rhodey a suit and you SI; this wasn't that excessive.'
Clint and Natasha move in a week later; both apparently exhausted from a mission and needing somewhere to relax.
'Peter,' Tony replies seriously and crosses to crouch beside his son, indifferent to the mess the boy's fingers could make of his suit, 'Pete, baby, I love you.'
'No, that's fine,' Steve smiles back as he feels small fingers tighten their grip on the neck of his suit.
'Alright,' Tony knows he's grinning, '100% bonuses all round and put meals out on your expenses for your whole teams,' the people who haven't worked with him before are now stuttering. 'Jay! Press conference time!'
'I'm so sorry,' Steve keeps apologising to him as they wait out of the way for the press to disperse.
'I don't want him to feel that he has to,' Tony gestures violently without spilling a drop of scotch. 'That's the point, Pep!'
'Sure,' he shrugs again before waving Steve to a free sofa and fetching a decanter and two tumblers from the cabinet on the wall. 'Here,' he pours two generous measures and hands one over to Steve.
Upstairs on the Avengers' communal floor Clint and Natasha are lounging and watching a different news channel. They both look over at him intently when he steps off the lift.
'You're CEO,' Steve adds gently when Tony trails off, 'you're the one that told me that means you can skip meetings.'
'Tony, I know you have the emotional maturity of a golf ball but you've got to realise how this will hurt him.'
I've editted the entire -verse to change JARVIS to Jarvis. I can't remember now why I was ever using JARVIS so there we go :-)
'I had a lot of fun,' Steve smiles, 'but we both have things to do.' He makes himself walk to the lift, 'I'll see you around?'
Fives minutes after that a disheveled super soldier walks into his eye line looking gorgeous and lost.
Tony rubs himself against Steve shamelessly as he works to catch up with his lover and then hits that same spot again.
It feels as if a sudden burst of warmth has arrived in his chest and before he realises what he's doing he's pulled Tony into a hug,
'Jarvis?' Steve blinks. 'Oh, do you want to speak with him?' he knows how Tony gets when he wakes up and he can't speak with his AI.
‘I thought Jarvis was the youngest,’ Steve says, because if there is one sure way of getting Tony to talk to him it’s to ask him about his tech.
'I'm sure Jarvis can help us if we get lost,' he smiles down to where Pete is practically bouncing as he tugs on his hand.
'I really do need to work,' he tells him between kisses. 'I would much rather bend you over this table and have my way with you, but you deserve better than a quick fuck and I need to try and get this sorted before six tomorrow morning. Or I at least need to understand it. Sorry, sweetheart.'
'Umm, a few weeks ago when you were finalising your plans to remove the arc reactor,' Steve replies, clearly confused.
'I'll set the machine running then,' Steve fusses with their mugs for a minute and then checks, again, that he's put in enough beans.
'Oh, I see how it is,' Clint just grins. 'There's competition to be the favourite uncle!' He wields a large, badly wrapped, box in Tony's direction, 'for you, Pete!'
‘As you shouldn’t,’ Tony starts picking his way though the workstations and fiddling with things. ‘I thought, after Dummy, that I’d try an AI that knew more from the beginning. With Jarvis I basically installed my database into his head. As it turns out a shiny new consciousness that’s just becoming self-aware will freak out quite spectacularly if it knows that much but has no memory or, well, anything to hang on to.’
'Tony,' Steve steps closer and brushes a hesitant hand across his partner's arm, 'I wouldn't have kept this from you.'
'Oh,' Steve holds the basket awkwardly for a moment before moving to place it on the table, 'thank you. What's the occasion?'
'You too?' Tony sits down and spins in his chair. 'I don't understand why you all think it's such a big deal.'
He keeps his arm outstretched in front of him, palm out, and tries the blink his way through the haze in his vision.
Steve runs after him down the corridor and into what looks like a large laboratory. Equipment has been toppled over and piled into the middle of the room to make a circular barricade; the remaining AIM operatives start shooting from behind it.
‘Certainly, sir,’ Jarvis responds and a large TV lowers itself from the ceiling, making Steve jump and Clint moan.
'They already knew we didn't have him,' he feels himself curl slightly as if bracing for a blow. 'Someone must have contacted Tony. You were right; Pete was kidnapped.'
'Hi Cap,' he jolts again as Pete crawls up from the end of the bed in his Iron Man onesie dragging his blankie.
'You were right then; they did get their hands on some DNA.' He gets it, and that's why he's Tony's favourite.
'I am merely curious how many things we can do together,' Tony tells him as he wriggles out of his clothes.
'Has he?' Tony uses extremis to stretch out his mind to check his to-do list while he chokes down the toast. 'I haven't missed an anniversary have I?'
There’s a truly awkward silence as the coffee machine hisses and the present Avengers, minus Tony, all stare at each other. Tony downs the first mug of coffee, after splashing cold water in it, and cradles the second as he moves back across the room.
He looked back at the wooden figure, placed the blade upon it once more, rounded a corner, and stole a glance at the street for a second time; once again, it was empty, once again there was only mud to be seen. And on it went.
The manor was slightly smaller than Tony’s, though whatever it lacked in space, it made up with the furnishing. Whereas Starks sought to advertise their keeping up with the times, the Hammer clan strived to emphasize the opposite. The royal colours of gold and red were everywhere, draping the Chippendale furniture, the walls, the windows. It all almost seemed
Steve all but stumbled to get out of the wooden chair as he felt the rush of joy surge in him that propelled him up. Really, even the man’s condition did not alarm him; being the only witness alive, Steve would expect nothing less. On the other side of the desk, a pair of eyes bored into the back of Steve’s head, who felt a certain disquiet. The last thing he wanted was for Bucky to start investigating what the new-found paper was for.
Steve swayed where he stood. The dark, empty room seemed to close around him; he couldn’t quite understand what he was seeing at first. He did not know what to think at all, except that it would be a kind of treachery to believe the worst too soon.
Who had written this? Where had the day of Tony’s nineteenth birthday taken him after the taking of this photograph? Who had had this picture taken of him? These were the questions Steve got no answer to from the unmoving object of his focus. He was still staring the murky cardboard back when the door opened, and a piece of white paper swum into his field of vision. He followed it, up the arm, and met Bucky’s pointed stare.
“I’ll sit at the head,” he claimed loudly, and the change of tracks into this new unflappable persona happened as if someone had used a railroad switch.
With a soft creak, the bedroom door opened, creeping steps coming closer; there was an unmistakable sound of a hand trailing along the wallpaper.
could build a gun—look at Tony for example,” Bucky argued back. “That just shows you, name’s no guarantee of talent. If Tony had the means, he’d wipe Stane’s face with the entire industry.”
“Surrender your passport to Constable Lang. For further notice, you’re not to leave the British soil,” he said before he turned away without another word and climbed into the driver’s seat.
“Steve Rogers,” Steve answered in kind, and noted no change in the man’s face at the reveal of his identity. Steve’s appreciation of him grew. “We have got a few questions we would like you to answer in private.” Steve turned to Happy, who was hovering behind the man with his hand held out as though wishing to escort him. “There’s no need for you to accompany us further, Happy. Thank you.”
“Are you aware that this has become a bit of a mania with you?” Clint said and faced Natasha, joining in the argument. “You think you can escape your past by catching one more bad guy.”
A quick flash of a movement caught Tony’s eye: he tensed, there was a chink of glass and a soft brush of petals. Tony peeked over his raised shoulders, ready to shield himself: but there was nothing to defend.
“Yeah, but watch what you put in your mouth,” Bucky said on the opposite side of it. “In the morning, spiders come out of hiding to warm up.”
A note. Steve had spent the moments before Bucky’s arrival rushing about and looking for things that weren’t there instead of things that might be new. The thought of a note, some communication, provided a surge of hope against all reason. Maybe there was nothing he had missed. Maybe he wasn’t supposed to know what this meant and it all would be explained to him. Tony can’t have just expected him to understand…
With his very being, Steve wished he could return to that moment again, when Tony had longed to go for a trip. Would things be different if he had agreed? If he hadn’t preferred work over pleasure, would he still have Tony?
Five of the men ran towards them. There were too many of them to shoot during a distance such as this: soon, four had reached Steve and Bucky and bore on them, hard. Without pausing to think further, Steve surrendered into the mindset of war as though meeting an old friend: air flowed into his lungs, his heart throbbed with life, all thought obliterated but for these fundamental signals that told him he himself was not yet dead.
There was a hush that had fallen over the square except for the creak of the cable car and several retreating footsteps as Bucky and Sam, who Steve saw as merely dark shapes among the blackness, lead last of the passengers to safety behind the visual protection of the cars. Tony, however, had finally come to a satisfactory conclusion in his head; Steve knew this, for a cold finger had slipped between his boot and his jeans, tapping on the warm, exposed skin it found there.
“There was a meeting, Barton and Romanoff are aware of this, after the end of Civil War. In this meeting, a vision of a sub-organization devoted to the detection and prosecution of those guilty of violating federal law was born. In 1866, it was founded in secrecy by the Department of Justice.”
Tony felt his mouth stretch into a none too authentic smile that stretched his cheeks and fell far too quickly.
“What I meant to say is, although this case is so cut and dried its manufactured aspects have defeated their own ends, an inquest is inevitable. It’s fixed for tomorrow at noon — you are familiar with the village hall? No doubt they’ll bring it in Wilful Murder by person or persons unknown, given the evidence, or lack thereof, but—” Rogers paused, seeming to choose his next words very carefully. “They’ll want to hear you. And I wish that did not make me fearful of you making my job that much harder.”
“I only want the men whose discretion I can count on.” Pierces eyes strayed to someone behind Steve. “Half of you need to stand on guard for Stane and slow him down by any means necessary.”
Steve glanced behind him, meeting the apprehensive faces of his group. “Nat, Bucky, with me. Clint, Sam, stay behind with Scott.”
Grudgingly, Bucky released his hold. Strucker’s feet returned to the floor, half his body collapsing onto the table he had been hovered over.
It all made odd sense. Fury had not run in the mayoral election at the end of the calendar year ten years ago, but came to hold the elected office as a substitute when the last mayor—
Tony gave himself a mental shove; he was being stupid; there was nothing they could pin on him while barred in, and Hammer was probably being seen to by Doctor Banner by now, with full promises of recovery.
“I did, in fact, since I’m not considered one of the smartest men of my generation for nothing,” Tony said stiffly. “Perhaps you should even consider the chance I understood more than you did. Mr. Toomes is, like Jarvis, part of the old stock. Imagine hearing the future of your job now lies on the hands of the black sheep — exaggerated hearsay, of course — and you have a wife and a kid and everything to lose, should you find yourself without a source of income.”
They nearly ran into him; frozen, quite suddenly, before Steve’s pushed-aside desk. There on the edge of it, turned away from the seat and towards them, was the photograph of Tony. At the sight of it, Steve’s throat tightened. But he was not alone in this storm of feelings.
“So,” said Rhodey eventually in a low but composed voice, which Tony was grateful for, “how does it taste to own a manor?”
The blond man was now striding towards them. His countenance was authoritative, neat, professional, and quite solid for a man of sixty-odd years. His suit was of expensive charcoal-grey cloth paired with a white bow tie. The workers around them fell silent at the sight of him, eyes downcast.
And sure enough, a figure had appeared in the yard, and as Tony walked briskly towards him Tiberius Stone lifted his slow gaze from where he was leaning against Tony’s Cadillac, which was yet to cool from the ride. He flicked ash off his cigarette, while Tony eyed unhappily the shoe braced on the red hub cap.
Steve had been on the point of extracting his notes. Looking as though he had been forced to swallow a lemon, he let it slip back into the depths of the deep trouser pocket again; behind Tony, Toomes almost tripped on his own boots in his haste to take the offered chance to get away.
“You could have thrown it away. I wouldn’t have minded.” He glanced at his hand from which his own ring was finally absent. “I
Then, Tony’s lips were on his, in a familiar, established, but questioning, I’m-down-if-you-are kiss until Tony realized Steve wasn’t down, for he started to test the eventual separation of their mouths with the lingering motions of ending the kiss. When, at length, Tony did pull back, the spell between them broke like a frail soap bubble.
“Looking for company for your dreary colonial evening, Anthony?” a voice leered. “Sadly, we all recall that the last piece of entertainment never made it back.”
But Tony answered, not with a playful reprimand, but with a violent start. The coffee in his mug sloshed around along the movement.
[3] Also, yeah, I kind of went hard on the daddy issues aspect so bear with me while I shamelessly use this fic as a form of catharsis lmao
Steve felt babied and beleaguered: did they think he did not know Tony was never going to come back, didn’t they understand that it was only the manner of his departure that left him feeling torn? There was a long and awkward silence that was broken by the sound of crinkling and Steve lowered his gaze to his white-knuckled grip around a paper—he forced himself to uncurl.
A cookfire burned there. Two coffeepots warmed leaning against the inside of the fire’s piled-stone perimeter. A skillet held bacon.
“I — I got the feeling he was … cornered,” Tony tested, recalling the wild-eyed look on Ty’s face, which no doubt had been mirrored on Tony’s. “Mr. Stone, his father, is—”
Steve, however, had never been less interested in the town; he was gradually becoming obsessed with the disappearance of Tony. Still expecting a sliver of proof, he sometimes checked through the house, but had not yet detected any such slip as what happened with the unsigned letter. And still there were inexplicable times when he was sure the answer was just at the tip of his tongue…
“Trust me, I did,” said Tony, and his eyes moved to the doors, and Steve knew he was making sure Stane was not yet brought back by the noises. At the same time, Tony took several steps backwards, eyes shuttered.
Standing at the center of the house, Bucky shook his head, looking pale in the wake of his revelation.
“Maybe later,” answered Bucky. “But you’d think the glamor of war would’ve dimmed some by now, right? I just don’t get it, it’s not like there’s something special in him. Remember Tony? All he did was bat those lashes and this fella—” Bucky shoved a thumb at Steve, “—stood there, paralyzed. Next thing we know he’s put a ring on it.”
Several people stopped their walking at the sight of him — Tony felt their stares like something white hot pressing to the side of his face — and he pressed his sunglasses tighter on the bridge of his nose, but before he could veer to the other side of the road, he heard a loud roar, and signs of commotion by the black grille opening to the courtyard of the police station.
“Well, ain’t you a sight for sore eyes,” Natasha’s voice greeted him from behind it, a distinct purr in her low voice. She was smiling at him crookedly. “What brings you here?”
During the following silence, Jarvis picked at Bucky’s coat that had been rolled and tucked under his head.
The other man, Rumlow, couldn’t have been mistaken for a miner now: his brutish face was at odds dressed in a gentleman’s garb, though he had dispensed with the scarf, along with his scowl. In its place, was now a confident grin as he looked upon his captures.
“So, you’re saying Tony is currently designing weapons for his father’s—or, I guess, his own—company?” Sam argued, arms folded. “I guess that would serve more excitement than a smith’s work.”
Unlike three month ago, Hope looked much more like the heiress she was; her hair pulled back and pinned. She was not dressed in pants and a jacket, but in a sleek dress. She looked furious. Even as they passed her, she hardly said a word.
“Hey, hey! Slow down, doll,” he said, taking Tony by his bony shoulder. “You don’t get to leave when we’re trying to fatten you up. Thor’s got cottage pie.”
The promise held—for over a decade—until that very December morning when Steve trudged up the stairs of COULSON’S ATTYS & COUNCELORS & LAW into the upstairs office of the judge, who looked grave behind his desk. He wordlessly handed over a single page, so unusual compared to the hefty sheets these visits usually brought on, and before Steve could ask, he spied the heading:
“You again,” Bruce sighed. Steve opened his eyes: Bruce looked harried, resigned. Steve mustered a tired smirk but broke into a coughing fit the likes of which he had not felt since his childhood. Thus, Steve was escorted into a nearby porch and there he looked up into Bruce’s pinched, grey face.
“Listen,” said Bucky grimly, returning behind the ironwork. “Tony is an idiot. Big brain but not adaptable to life skills. It’s not a very good mixture when the only thing bigger than his wits is his heart. I’d say it was very easy to get him to crack.”
“Oh, that’s Tony, Steve’s—” Bucky begun, but shot an alarmed look at Steve and closed his mouth so quickly his teeth clicked together.
“If he minds, tell him to take it up with me,” said Steve, and walked to the door. Here, Bucky stopped him.
It had rained at dawn before the skies cleared, leaving behind a lingering chill and several puddles. The spray of water sheared up from under him up to the golden mascot at the front of the bonnet trim as, with a tug of the steering wheel, the car veered sharply to left, following a canopy of large oaks up a drive. Here, he brought the car to a screeching halt that caused it to slide several feet on the loose gravel. He hit reverse and backed until he was level with the arches of the entry.
A rather heavily astonished Rumlow, who was gasping for breath on the floor, was slow to respond. At last, his fumbling fingers withdrew a coil of thin rope from his jacket pocket, which he used to tie Pierce’s feet, and then arms. And by their instructions, linked those knots together so that he rope was pulled the taut behind Pierce’s back.
“No,” answered Steve at once, “I got the feeling there was a certain solidarity between your father and Mr. Stone. Howard, at least, was very actively keeping up the correspondence. But,” — he kept a pointed pause — “on the months leading to Howard’s death, they had not interacted once, and because of this, I had Stone surveyed particularly closely. He had been in Covent Garden from where he and his lady friend took a taxi to the Palace. The hotel staff confirmed the couple stayed the whole night and did not return here until late in the morning.”
Steve woke up at half past one on Tuesday morning. He hadn’t dreamt of Tony—as far as he remembered—but as he opened his eyes in the wainscoted box of their bedroom, Steve was thinking of him all the same. There had to be something more. There had to be a way to make this whole story fit together. Anything, but Tony growing bored of him, which was plainly the conclusion Tony had wanted Steve to reach. Steve didn’t want to think it; the thought made him feel sixteen and invisible again.
And then, before Steve’s mind had accepted what he was seeing, before he could feel anything but numb disbelief, Stane had beat him to Tony’s side. He was greedily eyeing the pieces of copper wiring seen though Tony’s shirt which had been torn, gaping open around his scarred chest. Stane, then, kneeled to tug an unseen piece of machinery off Tony’s unmoving body.
“Tell you what, I’m not going to leave bodies lying around, human or otherwise,” Steve said, then addressed Sam, “Take the man inside and then come back. We’re gonna need all of us to move her.”
he shouted, clutching his rifle like a lifeline as the offending piece of wood clattered onto the deck by their feet.
Tony felt as though he had barely closed his eyes when he woke up to a crick on his neck, something sticky plastered to his cheek and to the sound of pages brushing against one another.
“Don’t make a meal out of it,” Tony dismissed. “I can’t even remember where I was during breakfast. I have people for that.”
And it did not appear to be stopping until, finally, midst placing the steaming sauce on the dining table, the cook spoke up:
Tony, now wishing more than anything he had insisted on Rhodey staying over, swirled around, staring about. Something sharp … anything…
The jacket looked stiffer and heavier than Steve remembered but it had been collecting dust tucked away in the corner of his trunk, wrapped around his medal for fifteen years.
Steve craned his head carefully, for he loath to dislodge Tony’s sleeping head on his right shoulder, but Natasha, seeing him looking at it, said calmly, “There’s nothing in there. I checked. Fury’s made sure of it.”
The weather grew colder and colder. One day the snowy cap of the mountain range, which had descended lower and lower down the mountainside, had reached the town in what seemed like overnight. Harsh wind and sleet pounded their homes and had, evidently, frozen even the criminal activity.
“Steve,” cried Bucky. “We’re cut off. Clint tried to send off a warning about an arsonist. Turns out, telegraph’s dead. Someone’s cut the wire.”
Tony stared ahead, listening to the murmur of laughter, to the swish of skirts, sharp clicks of buckled heels. Were they not grieving? Had the loss of Ty been simply an inconvenience that had put a week’s stop to socializing? Was he imagining that even Mr. Stone, who had since disappeared, had looked dry-eyed and light-hearted?
“Thank you, ma’am,” Steve said, although he felt it was not by his doing. He made to step out for a refreshment, but she held him back.
“In case it’s of any help, this,” he said, bringing forth a silvery key, “was found in Tiberius’ pocket.”
Tony felt as though a brick had slid down through his chest into his guts. He remembered: the purchase of the house had come with stables, each holding several stalls. They had, in turn, been sold off to their nearest neighbour, along with the small cut of property they stood on, and their new address was…
A sharp ripple of murmurs spread from under the unlit chandeliers to the dimly illuminating windows. Many silhouettes could be seen turning towards the ceiling. Then a glass shattered. Somebody screamed.
A noise met his ears and broke the inert, slumbering quality of the house. It might have been just the whistle of wind through a crack in the boards or the cluck of his chickens. But then—
“Well, seen that all the criminal activity has somewhat lessened as of late, so … yeah, had to ask Fury’s permission to branch out.”
But the woman was gone. Faces continued to follow him, and he followed them back, unblinking, scanning for a guilty, shifty gaze … a sudden departure before he reached the next group … something …
“So, should we draw straws for it?” Sam suggested after a beat, looking from Steve to Bucky. “Just between you and me, I don’t fancy breaking the news.”
Ms. Althea was sorely disappointed in this reception of her confidences because, when she continued, there was a defensive, patronizing air to her presence.
The moment shattered, though, as a shiver that raised the hair at the back of his neck ran through his bed-warm body.
“I’ve got half of them, Rumlow” said Pierce as he locked the five of them in the room and pulled a gun on them.
When they sat down on the row before, their creased pants dislodged a copy of today’s paper, which had been rolled into a deep pocket.
“Do you know how many times I practiced this?” he demanded from Steve, gesturing wildly with his hands. “But if I never got to tell you what … And this is already further than I got in my head half the time … I mean, pretty far further. I think it’d be best if you knew my reasons. I’m not expecting you to … Look, I’m just going to call it as I see it—”
“Until the telegraph pylons are fixed, we’re shooting blind, sir. All our usual contacts seem somewhat disinterested in returning to good old pen and paper.”
“I do apologize, ma’am. But we are extremely busy,” he said and started inching toward the Office door.
“Howard Stark used to be the richest man in America, being worth a hundred million when he died before war. If his son truly is alive, after two decades, the successor running the company has amassed the fortune to twice that.”
Tony stooped, pretending he had not seen, and picked up a dead chestnut leaf from next to his dew-sodden shoes as Rhodey carefully laid down the flower as though to underline the letters, now joining the vase of half-dried roses atop the tomb.
“Up in his nest,” said Bucky, both glancing to the roof of the highest building in town: the two-story schoolhouse with its cupola. “Sam is securing the perimeter.”
figure — and, by the time the man had reached Tony, he was feeling remarkably less sorry for himself.
“You know, Tony could be so unkind sometimes,” Steve said. “But only under pressure. I should’ve been less overbearing … I should have offered him support, but I … how could I have, when nothing he spoke was the truth?”
and Steve was left behind. Wringing the wet hem of his jacket, Steve followed its progress sulkily. The lamp-lit street was clear … nothing else seemed to be going on in the town … Steve had taken his first step back to work, when something on the street caught his eye … something distinctly odd.
Bruce, not needing clarification as to who ‘he’ was, set down his cup carefully, as though buying time to collect his thoughts.
“Maybe,” said Steve, but not with much faith, because he could feel a rising rush on anger towards Stane. It was Stane, Steve thought, staring down at the unconscious men, it all came back to Stane … he was the one who orchestrated all this, who had ruined their town’s economy…
“Then what did he do it for? You haven’t considered the possibility that he likes it. I had a friend once whose boy was absolutely fascinated with fire. Kept playing with it, you see. The doctors said he was not all right in the head. It’s incurable—but quite harmless, I swear. The cure is to let them have their fun
“You don’t think he was still alive when they brought him in? Or that he found the window already open, broken by the vase-thief? A robbery gone wrong?”
“See, Rogers, the problem,” he said at length, “is that I’m sure we’re going to reach a point where you start saying this sort of stuff just to be a prick and I feel like we’re nearly there.”
“I think it’s nice that everyone should have their opportunity to not worry about starving,” said Sam bitterly.
Steve’s earlier wish for refreshment was all but brushed aside as he became suddenly intrigued. Could this finally be their needed clue?
“I lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming.” He paused slightly and his eyes frantically looked at both heroes’ reactions to his speech. Steve fingers the cards. He completely zoned out, only tuned to listen vaguely to Fury as he spoke.
Seventy years, the man who introduced himself as Nick Fury, leader of an organization name SHIELD told him.
“How could you spout such lies about your father?” Steve was enraged. Howard wasn’t his soul-mate, but he was his lover. The one who gave him the support to fight the war especially after Bucky’s death!
“… let’s leave this roomful of, uh, loving long-lost relatives,” continued Obie derisively with an ugly look cast at the room at large. “They’ll be fighting tooth and nail to have the codicil contested as soon as we leave. Shall we let them have their amusement?”
“Afraid not,” said Rogers simply. “It’s evidence. Those have so far been conclusive to the point of fabrication.”
With a speed surprising for a man of his age, Pierce broke for the door, but he was impeded by his own lock; by the time his key touched it, Steve had pulled a hidden gun from under his waistband. He took one large step toward the frantic man and brought the butt end of his six-shooter down on his head.
A miner. Steve felt his muscles unwound, though he kept an eye out, too, for the rifle hanging loosely at the man’s side.
Steve choked. Emerging from his crouched coughing, wet-eyed and sore-throated, he saw something calculated to save him: Happy’s carriage behind the stationhouse.
Their office had spent weeks in near silence and had taken to helping people and occasional item across the river. Despite Fury’s assertion to keep on eye on things, criminal activity had hit an all-time-low, as though it might compensate for the chaos of the previous month. Steve was always glad to see the stagecoach, because it represented a connection to the world outside, albeit a scarce and ill-tempered kind. They relished any news about what was happening in America, though the driver was not an ideal informer. He had little time to prattle around since he was now frequently delayed, and they had to be very careful not to ask too much or the man would drive past them next time through.
Steve cast a glance at Fury’s desk, where there were several thick sheaves of paper bound by leather bands drowning all of Fury’s carefully laid out, town-related projects.
might even be, to act as a war deterrent, gives people hope. They won’t let go of that easily. Do you see where I’m going with this?”
“I can’t afford all six of you, Captain. And not one gun. I’m taking you to upstairs myself, and that’s more than enough risk for me.”
“From the start it’s been clear that there’s an awful lot of jealousy tying each person in this case, and at its centre, where all the roots lead, is you.” Steve then asked, “How did you find Tiberius Stone? What was his state of mind prior to his death?”
It was up there, once they had found their way to the middle of the room, at Clint’s outstretched forefinger and middle finger, that they found the owner himself.
Steve swallowed; his voice seemed to have deserted him. He did not think he could stand to discuss Tony. It had been painful enough to hear the whispers, even worse to listen to the others’ comments on them.
The sender had made his y’s and j’s with fast and angry slashes that had pressed deep into the sheet. It was addressed to a Stern. Who were they? What project of a weapons magnate could they be part of? And finally, the esteemed worker, who will make or break the success of the company.
If only he had woken up earlier … if only he had not been so frozen at the sight of their bridge, he could have spotted the forge fire earlier, and he would still have some aspect of Tony with him …
A chill went down Steve’s back as he looked down on the map himself. Somewhere in there, in one of these massive halls spotted with shadows by the voluminous, onion-shaped shade of the oil lamp, was Tony. In what condition, their spy had not been able to tell.
Before Ms. Althea could say a word, the door to the courtroom was pulled open, and with it, a blast of noise filled the corridor. Steve looked over her shoulder, at the figure surrounded by light. Clint stood there, looking at both of them squished in the corner.
Either by the former occupant or by Jarvis, somebody had filed everything carefully into the bookshelves, desk drawers and leather-bound files. Looking at it all, Tony hardly knew where to begin: every sheaf of official paper seemed to harangue him about what was either around the corner or way, way down … he looked at the bell and fought the urge to ring it…
Steve hesitated. From midst the crowded rows, a man stood up and hollered, “Yeah, give us a number!”
“Slipped out the door when I went to open it for Mr. Rhodes. It had been scratching at it ever since you came in last night. It’s a pet, sir. You walk them.”
Tony jerked as though the words ‘telling the truth’ had been three separate slaps. “Are you calling me a liar?”
plan. And you’ll find it’s been set in motion long before yours. You see, S.H.I.E.L.D. has got their best man infiltrated in Stark Industries: he will get you in. We can’t, however, expect Stane to hand Tony over peacefully once you are there. Natasha and Clint are already in, and since you’re going, I expect a couple of others to follow.”
He stretched out his hands in front of him and stared at them. They looked jaundiced and ghostly under the artificial light of his father’s workshop, and they bore several scars that caught light at certain angles. He twisted around and tried to spy his reflection upon a wrench — but the distorted image served to only make his headache worse; it felt as though his brain was being squeezed by a vice. He had just rounded the table, thinking the new perspective would help, when he heard the grandfather clock in the hall chime: several rings too many to imply the hour was a respectable time to go to sleep at, and several times too few to legitimate pretending he had slept.
“You’re a hard man to get a hold on, Rogers,” he began in a casual tone. “One would think you’re guarded better than the damn Fort McHenry.”
“A split,” said Tony, perfunctorily. “It’s more common than you think, no need to make a big deal out of it.”
As he stepped out of the shadow of the building, Tony finally recognized his puffy face as that of Mr. Stern, member of Parliament. A uniformed Constable was following after him, looking apologetic and powerless as Stern went on, loudly enough for the whole street to witness.
Steve pursed his lips. Silently, he changed position to see them better, crouching into the shadow of the theater.
He turned to the tray — the crystal decanter was empty. Obliquely, he cast glances at the glass in front of Obie; the liquid in it was quivering to the thrum of each press of key vibrating through the instrument.
“It’s a hobby of mine, politics,” Fury said and smirked, but dropped it soon. “I hear you’ve been busy. Coulson should have a slot for a trial next week. The federal house up in Denver is getting pretty stuffed, though.”
“Don’t get me wrong, he’ll have sold it at an appallingly cheap a price, and is bound to feel as stupid as he really is once he realizes the true value. I think, as a lesson on humiliation, it is enough.”
“You won’t stay for lunch?” asked Thor, looking troubled. “Steve’s great warrior friend has yet to come—”
The spurs jingled as Clint, rather petulantly, set his boots back down, slouching low on his seat. Closing his weary eyes Steve allowed the relief of their progress to overcome him for a moment, tugging his hat lower and laid his head against the nook between the seat and the wall, and within the hour, the sloping ridge between Lodgepole and Crow Creek turned into a towering fortress in his dreams; jet black and forbidding.
“So, there’s no need to beat around the bush. Ask what you need, and I’ll see which I feel fit to answer.”
Steve debated on inquiring further how Clint had come by this piece of news, but decided, upon reflection, that he did not want to know.
“Hank will mope, but he will get over it,” said Ms. Pym with indifference, and then continued suspiciously, “Where is the bull?”
It was then that he became aware of his dry throat and remembered some brandy had been left in the decanter in the study. He hesitated; Jarvis would cuff his ears for it … but he was old … and Tony was not sixteen anymore. Surely … surely, he would not be awakened by Tony walking in his own house?
On the evening of day three, they reached the train stuck on the other side of the summit; it had stayed to linger around a tiny station sixty miles off Sacramento. Here, they persuaded the engine driver to turn back to San Francisco Bay, and from there, they took a ferry from Oakland Pier to the city itself. The shortest way to the factory took them through the very heart of San Francisco, where they were swept along by the rush of horse-drawn carriages and carts.
“You shouldn’t encourage him,” he said in an undertone. “This could have been incredibly dangerous.”
Tony. This was the magic word. Steve forgot where he was and what he was doing there: he even forgot he wasn’t alone. He stepped closer to Pierce, and demanded, “Take me to him.”
Steve, who saw that the words were having an effect on Tony, raised a hand to stop him. Tony ignored this. He wiped off blood from his upper lip and opened his shirtfront to slide in the bulb.
Tony turned his head away. Steve left, suspecting he had broken in tears and did not wish for Steve to witness them.
“I could shoot it,” offered Clint at her side. “This place has too many goddamn doors. It will be therapeutic.”
“All right,” said Coulson, “the accused being present, we can begin. Disciplinary hearing of the seventh of November…”
“You aren’t the only one,” Steve told her, walking to the windows at the left, mind swimming with the implications ‘will not recur’ held.
Halfway along the first corridor they emerged into a wide, open space where a hundred women stood in rows by several room-length tables full of Tony-like littering of metal scraps. There was a system to it, though: in unison, the women placed each piece in stacks with similar shapes or color. But soon they had walked further, and the hypnotizing scene was left behind.
“I didn’t sign them,” Steve repeated, louder. “They only got there the day before we left. I never got the … well, truth is, I didn’t want to,” Steve said frankly, then pulled a small golden object from his jacket pocket.
Tony had asked it in an attempt to turn the question back on Rogers. Why not? Rogers didn’t look uncomfortable: the shape of him was still easy and mellow. His soft lips, so often drawn into a hard line that suppressed their sensuality, were twisted into a rather self-satisfied smile as he looked down at his hands.
“Hammer Hall,” answered Tony: its windows could be seen above the mausoleum, above the treetops, from the study. He shot Steve a sharp look. “Will you pay them a visit?”
It popped open with a crack of splintering wood … and revealed an empty, musky-smelling drawer. Tony slumped back in frustration. Excitement had been futile … unless …
“Well, Sheriff,” he had said, flipping the paper over for Steve to sign, “welcome to Leigh’s Creek.”
“Well, it’s not my place to speak ill, of course, but I rather think he lacked the same vision I saw in Mr. Stark.”
Steve tore his gaze away from the pony. Then he heard Tony laugh and his eyes stayed glued on him again until the saloon door opened, and their last dinner guest came in.
He shook his head and at the next possible turn. dived left with Scott on his heels. Keen to cover as much ground as possible, Steve sent Natasha to scout a shady valley right before their street faced a dead end
the telephone’s sound was getting harder and harder to ignore; it was now pressing on Tony’s eardrums and he felt something start to pound on the back of his eyes. Tony knew better, though, than to say what he did or did not like; Roger’s face held a hint of interest at his discomfort that came across as dangerous.
—we’ve got keys.” He had bent down to retrieve them from under Pierce’s bowed form. “Where do we start looking for Tony? Steve?”
Rogers was sitting at the end of the couch armrest, back bowed into a relaxed posture. The little booklet lay open on his knee by a table lamp. This backlight had turned Roger’s simple white shirt transparent, displaying a series of lines under its soft folds. The sight tangled with the usual stirring of irritation, which a moment later became a jolt, as he found it stirring something else in him, remembering the moment last night when Rogers had pushed him almost into his lap.
“You know,” said Sam, looking over at the sleeping man, “I’ve never seen him close his eyes. This is fascinating.”
“Shh,” Steve said, and Tony’s head lolled onto Steve’s chest. He remained awake, though: the warmth of his breath turned the skin over Steve’s sternum into gooseflesh. Soon, Tony’s agitation waned enough for Steve to venture to let go of his wrists; instead bringing his hands up, to rub his thumbs into the stiff cords of muscle in his back, as knotted and full of kinks as ever.
“Oh!” he exclaimed suddenly. “A Ming-dynasty vase has gone missing from the drawing room, sir. Thought you should know.”
“But the things Tony does, man,” Sam said softly, and Steve knew he was thinking of his own, improved nickel-plated revolver.
But what did that prove? Some liquids Tony worked with were self-igniting when anoxic. It was all becoming confused; Steve didn’t understand what was going on. He wanted more than anything to be back in his bed with his husband. The problem was, though, that the fact he
“Tony, Tony. Come on, the solicitor called me. It’s the reading of the will today,” Obie said, strolling casually to the piano tucked in the corner of the room. He drew the bench under him and set his glass onto the glossy lid. “I have to be part of it.”
“Tony,” Steve said with a serious look, “this will be risky, strictly off the record and require absolute
The satchel slipped from Scott’s hands. Forked sticks and files spread out around his old, worn boots, clattering until they stilled; a hammer broke upon impact and its detached head rolled all the way to Tony’s feet.
For once, Clint had no retort. As Steve watched the man in front of them broke down in quiet sobs, Clint was starting to color. Steve cleared his throat.
With the moonlight cut off, Tiberius’ ghostly appearance turned into one of slack slumber. Wondering at such visible state of oblivion, and feeling more than a little envious, Tony shuffled over to the sleeping man, fighting the petulant urge to kick him awake.
“Yeah?” said Sam. “You mean one of the heifers Ant-Man said would win the county’s Harvest Fair for months before we went and shot it? That cow?”
“We’ve received news of Stane making a weapon that will make the Union Army Balloon Corps look like boys with toys,” said Fury grimly, leaned over the map and jabbing at one of its colorful squares with a stiff finger. “I think we’re all in agreement with each other as to who the design credit goes to. It’s in our interests to see it goes uncredited, and we need to act quick—Stane has had Stark since October. We need to extricate him before Stane finds him disposable.”
Tony walked on, eyes on the red woman — Romanoff? — all the while feeling those of others’ boring into his back. He couldn’t relax, even when he was out of earshot: he was certain betrayal would come; he was only unsure from where.
The scampering workers sucked them along like a tidal wave—and suddenly, many hands grabbed each other, and maneuvered one another into safety behind a four-thousand-pound cog. Steve looked up, expecting to see sagged walkways, but there was nothing there but the solid, Stane-less structure.
“Say, how many times did you have to shoot to get here?” Stane asked—and grinned. “Colt Dragoon, huh? Second Model, 1848. Your father’s, I presume? I have two myself, in my little … museum.”
Pepper, folding her arms pitilessly, looked formidable in the shoulder-padded Schiaparelli. They had only just reached the end of the left wing and enough art leaned under a sheet against the red damask wall to trip someone entering the corridor.
Chairs scraped behind them as one more table emptied for the day. Steve finally braved a sip, and grimaced.
“Hey, no harm done,” he said as he sheepishly gathered it back into neat loops. He brought two fingers to his brim in a salute. “I trust you to do the right thing, Sheriff. Good day, gentlemen.”
For a moment Tony looked as if Steve had spoken gibberish. He looked up at Steve, rainwater dripping down his nose, but his eyes were unfocused, and Steve suspected he was trying to count the days since he had last known the date.
Steve hastily tucked the paper in his hands into the folds of his jacket, seized Bucky’s arm and tugged him along with him out into the chilly December air.
In reply to this, Steve gave another unpracticed laugh that tugged at the muscles of his face painfully but, although his cheeks were beginning to ache, he was very much looking forward to training them for future use.
Peter was finally down on the ground, shaking his hands. Steve watched him pick a splinter from his thumb. And sure enough, he had a strange-looking mask with slits for eyes on his face, behind which one could see the pinked tips of his rather prominent ears.
“I—I have since the death of late Mr. Stark been taking sleeping powder, sir,” said Jarvis, as though admitting to something indecent. “The effects were just wearing off when I woke to shouts.”
Steve, having been left to bear all his weight, raised his brows as he let go of Rumlow, who fell to the floor with a thump.
Tony’s mouth did something complicated then, which might have been a smile given time. Steve could not help noticing his lips were tainted green by the peppermint stick.
Heads turned as those lingering near the entry froze, absurdly, in mid-conversation. Indifferent and impervious, Tony plucked a martini from a waiter — likewise, rooted on the spot, tray starting to droop down — and picked his way in.
you thought that you, with your reckless, high-flying lifestyle, were suited to take on the responsibility of a dependent.”
of June 1935, which declares the following,” Murdoc stated rather mechanically, extracting said paper from the open case. “Legacies for Edwin and Anna Jarvis and the Maria Stark Foundation. The bulk of the estate, including Ditton Park and the shares in Stark Industries, passes on to his son, Anthony Edward Stark.”
Natasha had just bend to pick up her hat that had fallen during her flip. The motion exposed the large bun of hair tied up with a ribbon.
Rogers moved to the piano and sat, arranging himself on the squat stool. His pose was nervous. The fingers of one hand slid in and out of being entwined with those of his left. The sunlight lay on his hair and face like islands of molten gold, reflected off the regency-style mirror by the credenza. He gazed at Tony.
“Maybe I did pin it to my chest by accident this morning, hold on,” Steve said, making a show of checking his chest. “No, tin as usual.”
What appeared to be a very, very strange oil lamp had appeared onto his ceiling during the day. As he closed the door behind him, Tony looked down from the stool, on which he was standing, disentangling his hands from what-ever-that-was in their ceiling.
“I’ve hunted down people for money, innocent or otherwise,” murmured Natasha, not meeting anyone’s eyes. “My hands are red from it. If I have to stop the weapons production myself, I will do it with pleasure.”
Deep at one end, shallow and crumbled at the other …. and the rainy morning had eased their job and had gathered the water where the ground was packed densest: at the crescent shape skimming the edges.
With a leap of pleasure, Tony recognized his company; the man’s close-cropped head shined almost blue in the rare sunlight, and he, too, wore shades.
“Yes,” Fury said distractedly, digging through his safe, “but my attention is less on what’s on it than what
It seemed to dawn on Bucky he could not hold Steve back and thus, Bucky caught up with him and together they strode forward, shoulder to shoulder. In silence, Sam followed.
It had not been enough, as his supposed freedom proved, to have reasonable grounds for an arrest. So, had that been all? Had Tony’s recent trouble been satisfactory to them? If it had, how truly despicable was it to use a human life like a disposable tool … but, if this was just the start, what more was yet to come? And it was these thoughts that spurred him out of his spiralling descent into cabin fever, and into the town down south.
Moving eastward, Steve caught a shimmer of snowy headstones glittering in the sun out in the desert. This was, he reflected upon seeing the graveyard, the third time something odd had happened with the miners. Last time the law had been involved, there had been a body drifting downstream from the silver claims up in the slopes of the Rockies. Pockets empty, just enough clothes on them to preserve what little dignity could be achieved in death, he was never identified, nor asked after. The man was buried without fanfare in that plot a mile off town, where Steve had seen it done. If they were capable of murder, would it be too far-fetched to suspect them of a different crime: an arson?
Rhodey eyed the empty curb at the front of the store. Then his eyes caught something behind Tony. “Who’re they?”
I was just feeling a bit discouraged by how little hits this has. But all of you who have found this, you have all been so wonderful in your comments. Maybe I just wasn't realistic enough in thinking I might get the same traction as my previous fandom with its 800+ kudos. Well, my fault. I still want this story out, because when I got read it back as I edited the start of this chapter, I started to feel somewhat good about this fic again... idk...
“Really? Well, I suppose that’s going around,” Tony said, and Steve knew he did not mean death. “I hated mine. At least I’m not afraid to say so.”
“I simply do not understand this Luddite attitude of yours,” said a booming voice. “Didn’t I tell you, boy … didn’t I tell you the border wants results
He was striding down a hall with purpose, walking to the door at the very end of the passage … he peeked through a slit of a window into the cell-like room … metal shavings, machine parts, an occupied bed…
He stood near the doors they had seen from Stane’s office, clad in a greased undershirt and breeches. His facial hair was ungroomed. There was a greenish bruise on his left cheek, and a fresh, red flush rising across his right. He was not bound in any visible way.
“Are you just going to stand there,” asked a voice Steve recognized, “or will you ask someone to dance? There’s more than three women in need of a partner.”
Down the streets and up the streets they went, over the tracks of a cable car (which Bucky eyed hungrily), and finally emerged to a wet-soiled side road. The further they rode, the less imposing the stucco-fronted town houses became, until finally, they could see smoke rising behind a line of rather weather-worn buildings.
Over in the corridor, Steve spied Fury finishing a conversation with Tony’s doctor. When they passed by each other just by the door of Tony’s ward, Fury nodded to him cordially.
Steve woke up early on a Thursday, wrapped up in his sheets. A sliver of sky was visible between the curtain and the sill; it was the cool pink of an overcast sunrise, and everything was quiet. He rolled over in bed so that he was lying across the mattress sideways, gearing up to light the fireplace at the chill coming to rest over his exposed skin. Discontented, he lifted his head from the crook of his arm and then realized what he was doing: searching the air for sounds of life.
But once the silence fell, Steve’s brain filled with blank buzzing, like all his scrambled thoughts had a sound, which allowed little room for picking apart any of them. He stared hopelessly down at the picture in Jarvis’ lap.
The house was so dark he felt his eyes strain trying to take in light that was not there. His socks slid on the hardwood as he walked in further, and his rapidly thumping heart was working its way up his suddenly tight throat. With his sight unavailable, his hearing was picking up the slack; the silence was pressing and ominous, like a dense cloud. At the foot of the grand staircase he came to a still, blinked rapidly, and waiting for something to happen.
After about two hundred yards, they reached a fork. They looked at each other, and divided, again, into threes.
A sniffle was picked up by the unkind acoustics of the room. Rhodey had sunk his face into his hands. With a start, Tony realized this was the first time Rhodey had seen them since their deaths.
ruled it out as a separate line of inquiry from the start,” Steve chimed in; Tony, momentarily, felt sorry for Jarvis. “It never fit the picture.”
Ignoring them, Pym walked to a side table of decanters and filled a glass of liquor for himself. Over its rim, he gave them a dirty once-over. Steve stared back, unimpressed.
“So, Sam just left for the next township over to give the news in person. Likely he’ll take a little longer since he’s gonna have to cross the river on Red Wing’s back and it’s flooding…you alright?”
“As you already know, there’s unrest in America,” said Fury as casually as if they were discussing the weather. “The Southern senators are getting tired of being blamed for the murder of another idealist. At this speed, these deaths will drive this country into a state of open warfare. This means, at its worst, another civil war.”
“Right,” said Tony, in an odd voice. “We should … eat. Oh, by the way, there’s a hole in the kitchen floor right now, so we’ll have to walk carefully tonight. I’ve got a team of guys coming tomorrow, they’re going to close it up.”
“You know, your life would be a lot easier if you stopped baiting people you dislike,” Rogers’ voice spoke, then, from out of sight.
“You’re not a bad person, Tony,” Steve said firmly before Tony could ruminate himself into a deeper spiral of self-loathing. “Yes, meeting you was arranged but loving you was a choice. I don’t want someone ideologically pure. I just want
A memory caused a twinge in Steve’s chest; he thought he was done serving as someone’s cleanup crew. “I don’t do that anymore,” he told Fury.
Pym’s idea, thankfully, seemed to be working: the Julesburg station house, which was packed with people on the lookout for today’s train, wasn’t sparing them a second look. Steve had stowed his old army jacket regretfully away into the bedroll strapped onto his saddlebags in favor of a more common look. Every now and then he would startle at not feeling his star pinned to his chest. The exception was Scott, who looked quite at home in his worn boots and jeans, and who, as Steve had observed with relief, could ride as well as any of them, if not better.
“Oh, man. Cassie’s never gonna believe this,” he said, looking at the land spreading green so far that the horizon was tinted blue. It was easy to imagine, then, how it once could have seemed like the edge of the world.
“No,” said Steve loudly, “to the saloon, please.” At Tony’s look, Steve said, “There’s someone who would like to meet you.”
Steve deflated, and slid down the chair now that what felt like tons of weight had slid off his shoulders. Natasha hesitated, but picked up his empty glass and, rounding the bar counter, came to rest her hand on the top of Steve’s head in a startlingly maternal, un-Natasha-like gesture. He closed his eyes at the touch, though, and hated himself for wishing it was Tony in her stead.
And he left with squelching shoes; the brimming pails had spilled and sloshed on all their trouser legs and feet while quelling the fire in a hurry.
Steve, alarmingly, felt his chin wobble. When he did not answer, Bucky pulled him into a crushing hug. Steve’s next words were mumbled against his shoulder.
He, then, gave Steve and Tony both a none-too-gentle, meaningful shove towards the space opening in the middle of a room as the men backed off. All inhabitants in the room were staring at them, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A few rose from their seats to see them better.
“Come on, Cap,” said Sam, tugging at his arm. “Up to bed. I’ll make sure you don’t collapse on the way there.”
“Believe me or not I thought it a kinder fate to staging my death. Plus, I didn’t set that molded piece of junk afire, personally.”
“Case proceeding well, I take?” asked Tony, amused, but Steve had already turned his attention back to the neatly scribbled line of names and places in his notes. He did not do any new marks, but simply rifled though from page to page with intention, as though he recalled exactly where everything was located. Tony stayed quite still; he did not want to break Steve’s concentration.
His boots cut a track through the ash the flames had spit all over the room that—apart from the fire—was as it should be; there was the nest of tongs and hammers on the soot-blacked wall above the heart, unevenly cobbled floor, and the back room, where Tony had a bed, was glowing hot as a furnace; it was filled with orange-glowing smoke. Inside, the cabinet where Tony stored his prints and sketches was just a smoldering pile of embers in the middle of the darkest circle on the floor—a sign of the fire’s origin.
Tony picked up the jagged pieces of the plate and arranged them, slowly, into a pile on their table.
“You know, if my math is right, and it always is, your promptitude to the call was rather suspiciously commendable, even for you.”
Tony did not let this fact trouble him; he waited for the unmistakable sound of an engine coming to life that indicated Roger’s departure, and once he heard it, started a brisk walk to the house, calling behind him, “No need to keep the food warm for me. Daddy’s got a party to crash.”
“Now,” he said, key on display, “there’s a slight problem. Fury never told me how many of you to expect, and I only have five vests.”
Tony hardly slept that night. The murder had taken possession of him, and he could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through his head: the empty house, Ty’s body, and its bloody wound.
He didn’t know what he was going to say — strict, conservative? But Steve merely nodded as though he, too, had seen the deep resentment and shame the older man had felt at the downward spiral of his firstborn and only son, and guessed how bitter he must have been that the loss of Tony played a part as a catalyst.
Silence fell between the three of them as they looked down at the heifer. The victim of the rampant bull’s lone stampede had a beautiful golden-brown coat that was now marred by two horn-shaped punctures and, just distinguishable under a trickle of dried blood, was Hank Pym’s brand of three interloped rings, not unlike an ant.
“You’re just as distrustful of authorities as they told me you were,” Fury said, not unfavorably. “You’re wrong about me, though. I do not have a hand in everything. No, Tony Stark was a different mission which just happened to collide with yours, by your doing.”
And Steve stepped out of the shadows for good. He looked over his shoulder one last time as he called, “Stay safe!”; his last glimpse of them being of Clint standing with one boot propped on top of a passed-out man’s rear, Natasha straightening her clothes with a bored expression, and Scott blinking back at him with a slack jaw.
Lost in thought, Steve had just enough time to move into the shadows of a recess when he heard several approaching footsteps. Hidden, hands splayed in a warning not to move, they listened to the footfalls closing in. If they had already been found, Steve did not want to end up regretting his decision of choosing Natasha’s unobtrusiveness over teamwork.
Jarvis, carrying a tray of sandwiches, breezed in, and spoke, “A pleasure to finally see you sleeping, sir.”
They stared at each other. There had been something else than an apology in Tony’s eyes, and Steve was overcome by the fear what Tony would use as excuses to spare him.
“You need something to calm your nerves,” she said and went to a credenza below a painting of the Rockies, on which stood a dozen half-full, dark-glassed bottles and several glasses. “Here. It’s brandy. I’m going to pour us a little.”
A scullery maid opened a window, letting steam from the kitchen billow out, bringing with it the scent of food down the sloping lawn. Something tickled Tony’s memory.
In the corner of his vision, one worn shoe turned ninety degrees, a pivot that proclaimed Roger’s departure.
“Trying to change decades of common opinion is not something one tackles alone,” Fury evaded. “Obadiah Stane is considered a national treasure and there is significant resistance to the idea of anything contrary. Many call Stane the key to our economic recovery. If we let this continue and the world ends, maybe we had it coming.”
Steve scowled stubbornly. He heard a weak sort of moan beside him and looked round to see Bucky gazing, resigned, at the ceiling. His lips moved, silently mouthing something.
And only when Steve caught Tony’s expression of disbelief, did he conversely start to believe in it himself, and fully trust when a matching band laid on his. They would need to learn each other’s bodies again, as well as their own, Steve thought. But for now, both of them were content with simply lingering in the other’s presence…
“Yeah, but … if he had unsuccessfully wanted Tony dead twenty years ago, why haven’t we just found his body—sorry,” Sam added at Steve’s expression. “And why not tell us and have us deal with it?”
Bucky did not reply; his imagination was racing ahead, far beyond them. Steve took this lull in the dispute to glance at Jarvis. The man had turned his focus on his lap where his knobby knuckles were white around his grip on the photograph.
As though from a distance, he heard Bruce light a fire under his kettle to make tea for himself—said he liked it to calm his nerves. Steve wasn’t very flattered thinking that dealing with him required numbing substances.
A silence swelled. Out of respect to Rhodey, and having more than a few secrets of his own, Tony did not point out how he had stayed up and through the wall heard the sound of steps and rustling while the eery wind howled outside, and how they had been replaced by the sound of deep, slow breathing only after the sky had shown signs of breaking dawn.
“You would, wouldn’t you?” Tony asked, turning away from the window. There was no accusation in his eyes.
'I'll be here for a few weeks,' Pepper tells him. 'Being in the same place as Tony means we can get some things sorted and I was planning to attend the Gala anyway.'
Dummy perks up as soon as they set foot inside the workshop and chirps happily, You appears to be monitoring the incubator in the corner but also turns to greet them.
'I don't know what Howard became while I was in the ice...' he hesitates when Tony's gaze snaps to him. 'I don't know how he could have... You aren't Howard. Your sons will know their Dada loves them.'
‘Don’t you dare!’ comes loud and clear over the comm. from Clint, ‘I’ve heard people get their shoulders set and I do not need that right now!’
Later in the story Tony knows he's looping but continues to sleep with Steve. Steve loves it each and every time and of course he consents, but he might not if he knew he wasn't going to remember. -- In this verse Steve is still mostly a virgin so anything Tony does with him is new, it probably isn't fair that Tony does it knowing Steve won't remember.
'No structural modifications were required to the second guest room,' Jarvis tells him. 'There are apples in the cupboard to your right. The room has been painted and work is progressing elsewhere on the manufacture of the bedroom furniture. New carpet will be installed tomorrow and the furniture will be installed on the day after that.'
'Because given half a chance Tony will fall for him, and fall hard, but probably still not tell him the truth,' Rhodey groans.
He hesitates as he looks around the entrance hall before he drops his duffle. He keeps his shield with him.
, without telling her. The other Avengers seem hurt that Steve didn’t even think to tell them what was going on. Fury seems to take it the best; he seems bizarrely resigned to a life and death situation that would lead Tony to steal a Quinjet and fly a thousand miles.
'He doesn't really seem that keen on forgiving me,' Tony sighs and looks up as Rhodey arrives. 'Maybe his next present will help...'
'Ok?' Tony looks amused. 'I don't know. Probably not. You know me; I'll forget to feed them and wash them and even talk to them. It's very sad. Hey, you available to babysit? I can pay well... how's a couple of grand an hour?'
'Sir, Ms Potts has arrived at the tower,' Jarvis pulls Tony out of his work. 'It is also now half an hour before the time you scheduled for dinner.'
‘Right,’ he shakes his head to try and clear it as he pulls a tablet from his pocket. 'How many rooms to go, Jay?'
'And will you be coming to your Dad's party?' her eyes glow with the victory fire of having an exclusive.
'Avengers merchandise!' Tony grins suddenly and waves a hand across the table making all the images disappear and new ones form. 'Some of the things I authorised are brilliant!'
The man hesitates for a moment and then grabs a bag from behind the register before disappearing out of the door.
'You want to stay in there?' Steve nods. 'Yeah, I understand. It was very scary out here a moment ago but all those bad people have gone now. It's just me and my friends now.'
He finds Tony, his tumbler beside him on the floor, lounging in his desk chair in the middle of the room with Dummy’s ‘head’ in his lap, Butterfingers is just behind him and You is fetching him a decanter from across the room.
He had been on top of a roof fighting and Tony had been zipping around blasting as the enemy of the day climbed up the walls to try to overwhelm those fighting at the top. As he hit one of the many that had made it onto the roof with him another activated the device they had brought with them.
They greet everyone in the family room because Tony insists he doesn’t want everyone coming to find him in his workroom. The reunion is loud but things do settle down once everyone has had their fill of scolding them.
'I'm telling you,' Clint shakes his head, 'release that image to the press and they won't have a bad thing to say about us all week.'
Steve moves to sit with Pete at the table and watches him painting what looks like it must be him and Tony working on his car.
'That's the plan?' Steve finds himself unfortunately charmed by Tony's attitude. 'If your son falls off the edge of a skyscraper it's ok, because your AI butler will catch him with one of your robot suits?'
'Thanks, Jay,' he straightens his jacket. 'When the last of your sensors arrive from the Tower have them sent up.'
‘I’ve patched up worse,’ he says, as if that’s meant to be comforting rather than horrifying. ‘Let’s face it; I basically perform heart surgery on myself every few months.’
'Ok,' he drags Pete's bike over to the car and manages to get it into the trunk one handed while Pete still clings to him. 'In you go,' he adds as he puts Pete into the back of the car and works out the seat belt.
'Agent Romanov shall be coming up shortly,' Jarvis replies promptly. 'Agent Barton is unlikely to wake in the next hour, but seems strangely fond of coffee that is... past its best. Doctor Banner is asleep, but his alarm is set for 8am, which is in fifteen minutes time. Prince Thor is, as far as I am able to tell, still off world.'
'Nearly,' Tony nods, 'need your help though, squirt, put your finger there to hold the wires back for me?'
Tony hums and pulls back enough to coat a finger in saliva, then, in a single move, he swallows Steve's cock all the way down and presses a finger in to unerringly press against his prostate.
‘Just about long enough if we keep to this velocity,’ Tony glances up at the navigation screen. ‘So don’t get lost.’
‘Because if the virus eats through to the reactor I won’t be able to overload it,’ Tony keeps his eyes on the reactor.
'Yes, Tony, I feel that living in a tower controlled by an AI who's your best friend is a really sensible way of obtaining blackmail material.'
‘You and Butterfingers are both younger than Jarvis,’ Tony downs the remainder of his drink and pushes Dummy aside so he can stand. ‘Jarvis was a massive error on my part; fundamental miscalculation of how AIs should be created.’
'Of course, Ms Potts,' there's a small pause. 'Colonel Rhodes is currently playing a game on his phone; I suspect he is not too busy to talk.'
In the end he does leave the tower, but only to go to the coffee place a few blocks over that he started visiting when he still lived in his SHIELD apartment.
It's hard to know if Tony is released early from hospital because the doctors are happy that he's in a state to be allowed home or if it's just a matter of Tony being used to getting his own way.
'Don't get sappy on me, Cap,' Tony interrupts with a weak thump to his stomach. 'Not when I'm too tired to get away.'
'He's a Stark,' he lands and glances at Steve before looking back at the drill in his hands. 'I should have sent Jarvis with you.'
It’s a really good job that the rest of the Avengers and the Fantastic Four are there for this battle as Steve’s world has narrowed to the pained panting he can hear through the comm. from Tony. The suit drops to one knee and Tony droops to press his left hand to the floor.
'Tony?' he looks up to see the worryingly sad face of Steve Rogers gazing at him from across the room.
Thankfully Tony then brings them in to land. Steve follows as Tony is stripped from his armour as he walks. Once back in his t-shirt and jeans Tony rakes his fingers though his hair and steps inside.
'I didn't think...' Steve's mind races. 'I mean, I knew we were friends now, but until a few weeks ago I still thought he meant to be mean every time he teased me.'
Steve realises he's clutching Tony too tightly when the genius grumbles against his shoulder. Steve loosens his grip and rubs his partner's back rhythmically.
Which is the only reason he sees a cover get lifted from a previously unnoticed side table and a large needle get carried over to Tony's side. As Steve takes a breath to ask what it is the contents get pushed into Tony's unresisting arm.
‘Why did we not know about that?’ Clint complains as the large TV completely obscures the one mounted on the wall that they had been using.
‘Yes,’ Jarvis responds promptly. Steve wonders if it’s his imagination or if the AI is actually being short with him.
'Anything you say,' Tony pats his shoulder. The lift rises to the penthouse. 'Right, Pete? I'm going to open the balcony door; you stay in here, ok?'
Steve watches the news as he eats breakfast and sees a brief shot of Tony with Pepper on his arm as they attend a charity event over in Singapore. Tony looks as gorgeous as always, but Steve fancies that he maybe looks tired.
'There are limited number of life lessons to be gained from an animated chipmunk,' Pepper is still smiling.
'Alright!' Tony throws his hands into the air four hours later. 'We're getting nowhere; worst case scenario if I just pull the plug on this thing?' he glares at the generator which continues to glow.
Tony has another coffee and showers as he deals with his messages in his head and then gets a little distracted by a new idea for propulsion for the Quinjets.
'Whoops,' Tony's grinning, 'let's turn the speed down,' he adjusts a dial and the car is suddenly under control. 'Sorry, Cap.'
'He had Pete, so I went to get him,' he shrugs. 'Steve asked why I don't trust him; he wanted to know if I'd let him be involved.'
'You're right; he's a particularly impressive three year old and I should have never kept him to myself.'
When Tony wakes up his reaction is identical to the only other time Steve has seen Tony wake from a nightmare. The genius jolts upright and scrabbles backwards, kicking at the blankets as he goes.
The boy breaks into the most enormous grin and hugs Tony tightly around the neck. Tony closes his eyes and hugs him back.
'I'm working, baby,' he shifts them in the air to get a new angle, 'you can go find him if you want. Get him to take you to Alfred so you can both eat.'
‘Good. Start warming up a Quinjet; I’ll be there shortly,’ Tony starts suiting up so Steve takes a step back.
'Cap certainly is, but as much as Pepper loves the kid she's mostly too busy to look after him if I can't.'
He feels Steve huff a brief laugh and figures that, for now, he's managed to retrieve the situation.
'Shush, I'm here baby,' Tony tells him quietly as he takes a couple of steps backwards. 'I'm taking you to bed now.'
'I got my people in before SHIELD arrived and... acquired the incubator. It's in my workshop in the tower.'
‘Get out!’ Tony snaps. ‘I don’t know what the hell you’re doing down here anyway. This is my workspace and I don’t need or want any extra company.’
After debriefing Steve heads straight home. Still, it's late in the evening before he finally gets back to his floor of the tower and is able to shower and change.
'This is all about trust for Tony?' he asks as he rubs his eyes. 'But how am I supposed to trust him?'
'Yeah,' Steve scoots forwards a little in his seat, 'but you know me now and you still... I'm honoured, Tony.'
'Ok,' Pete holds up his arms expectantly and isn't disappointed. The plastic zoo animals have all miraculously ended up back in their box so Tony picks that up too as they leave.
It's the early hours of the morning when the lights where Steve's eating breakfast adjust and some music starts playing. If Steve didn't already know what that meant the coffee machine turning on would be a pretty big clue.
‘And you thought avoiding Tony like the plague was the best solution?’ Bruce doesn’t sound judgmental so much as he sounds amused. ‘The man’s your best friend, your second in command and the owner of everything around us. You can’t avoid him forever.’
The only person Tony doesn’t react any differently around is Pepper. Which, as to Tony they’ve only just broken up, is a little devastating.
'I can tell you that this is the result of a lot of hard work by a lot of people. This has been my aim for SI since I came back from my little vacation in Afghanistan. With all of the Stark Industries' facilities running on Arc Reactor power we'll be the greenest international company out there.'
'This is the same game I played when I took the risk with Pepper; I'm actually trying to be more mature now. Do you realise what could have happened if Pep held a grudge when we broke up?'
You and Butterfingers are not convinced, Dummy dismisses the theory entirely and Jarvis seems to be thinking about it.
Tony’s behaviour is erratic at best without his memory. He works the same as usual but when he emerges it is blindingly obvious that all his interactions with them are under the guise of his public persona.
Steve watches as Tony flicks through the images and wonders that Tony is as clueless as him about appropriate toys.
'It's a thing. A modern thing. So I guess I know why you're confused. We flirt via messages. Only you're cheating because you can see me. You have to tell me what sexy items of clothing you're wearing and what you're doing while you think of me.'
‘Mute,’ he sees Tony’s mouth move as he turns to face him rather than actually hearing the word and then the music cuts off. ‘Cap, how can I help you?’
'Tony?' Steve has lifted the envelope containing the photo of their son, but hasn't opened it. 'What's wrong?'
Tony comes into view. His shirt is hanging open, which explains the light, he has no pants on, his hair is a mess and his eyes are drooping.
Tony said, when he first received the phone, that he’d help him if he ever needed it, so, ok, he’ll go and ask Tony.
'It doesn't matter,' she shakes her head then appears to flinch. 'Groundhog Day? Oh, Tony, you're reliving the day?!'
The comm. is silent for a few moments, a sure sign Tony's speaking with Jarvis, and then they can hear the armour approaching.
'You worked out your problem...' Steve hums happily and pulls Tony with him as he rolls onto his back.
When Tony wakes up he makes his way automatically to the nearest coffee machine. He doesn't really notice that he's in his workshop until he's most of his way through a third mug of coffee. He looks around blearily.
'Ha! I am single, but I'm afraid that won't be changing any time soon. I'm finding being a single father works quite well for me.'
‘Please don’t joke about dying,’ Steve interrupts and manages to pull back and give Tony a very shaky glare.
On the helicarrier they get some strange looks, but they aren't stopped until after Bruce has left for his room and the remaining three of them get to the conference room.
'When you get back,' Steve wipes his hand against his open slacks so he can type two handed again, 'can we reenact this?'
‘Hey, Jarvis,’ Tony sheds his jacket, tie and sunglasses somehow without looking away from whatever he’s working on. ‘Good call on the ice,’ he pours himself a scotch.
They step on to the lift which immediately moves to the level for Tony's workshop. The doors open and Dummy is waiting on the other side.
'Good morning, Captain,' she replies with a smile. There's no hint of what he's told her in her tone; she's his favourite. 'I'll call you later, Tony.'
'After,' he decides. 'I'm not doing this in front of Pete; get them delivered in time for when Pete has his nap.'
The gates to the driveway have been left open, so he doesn't have an excuse to pause and take in the sight in front of him. Instead he takes in the expanse of the building as it rises up to fill his vision.
It's the zoning out that's new; he's communicating with the computers more directly, Steve understands, but it's unnerving all the same.
'If I fall asleep on you poke me until I make it to my room?' Tony requests as he settles himself and his son against Steve's chest.
'Won't happen,' Tony dismisses. 'I'll start compounding pudding names and random, vaguely appropriate, nouns. You could be creamkitten or strawberrysoldier or jellypet...'
'He has rights to Hawkeye and Blackwidow but of course I have rights to Iron Man and Bruce made sure I had copyright on Hulk... I got the rights for Thor too but I make sure I funnel the money from there to Foster.'
He wakes at half seven in the morning, well passed the time he would normally be up, and feels incredibly comfortable.
'Look,' he interrupts her with the tone she knows he means he's actually being serious, 'what does it matter? It's just DNA. If he wants to be in the kid's life, he will be, if he wants to be responsible for helping look after him and protect him, he can. What does it matter if I don't tell him? If he doesn't want anything to do with him then it's for the best that he doesn't feel obliged.'
'Our Gatekeeper, Heimdall, keeps watch over all of the nine realms,' Thor smiles. 'I requested that he keep me apprised of the continued wellbeing of my Midgardian brothers in arms.'
'Tell me how to fix it?' Tony requests suddenly. 'I don't know how to fix this; I want to trust you.'
‘That’s right,’ Tony agrees readily, speaking calmly. ‘I’m going to reset my own goddamn shoulder and it’s going to hurt like fuck.’
Granted, Natasha doesn’t tend to make conversation either, but if she’s in one of the communal rooms in StarkTower then Clint will tend to be there too.
'Probably,' he agrees as he lets Pete down. Pete clambers onto a chair beside Steve to watch what he's doing. 'I haven't been here much since Dad died. This all dates from back then.'
Tony barely makes a sound as he grabs Steve’s bicep in a bruising grip with his good left hand and shifts him so he’s clutching onto that side of the suit.
Tony doesn't trust him, but he hasn't restricted his access to Pete and he seems willing to let him have a role in Jim's life too.
'On my way,' Steve agrees readily. 'Iron Man, keep working on that,' as if Tony would do anything else, 'Hulk stay and guard...'
'Ok, I have to go to work now, baby. You stay here, with Thor and Clint, and I'm sure you'll have lots of fun. You be good, ok?'
'Captain,' Jarvis persists regardless, 'I consider you one of the few friends I have, but sir is my creator. He is my father.'
She turns up at the tower while they all happen to be lounging in the kitchen and takes the glass of juice out of Tony’s hand and holds out some paperwork.
'Oh God!' Steve moans and Tony watches as his abs clench. He moves to lick away the liquid beading at the tip of Steve's cock and earns himself another whine.
'I think some of the things in this kitchen might be as old as I am,' Steve searches through some cupboards.
Tony shrugs and moves away to a table scattered with several tablets, Tony's phone and several pieces of the Iron Man suit that presumably donated its feet to Tony's current venture. Tony pushes a couple of things around before turning and returning to him holding an ear bud,
And, ok, Bruce is quiet, but Steve gets the feeling Bruce finds his presence in his lab distracting.
Steve retreats down to the communal area to wait for the others to return and frets over what Pepper has told Tony. He knows they aren’t together anymore, and haven’t been for a while now, and he knows Tony didn’t seem to be upset about it at the time, but this Tony…
'You are infuriating,' Pepper taps away on her tablet. 'You're still doing the photo shoot; they'll meet you at the Mansion tomorrow.'
Steve is uncomfortable around her, he still hasn’t learnt to speak to women, but faced with that or being on his own he knows what he’d prefer.
'I already have Pete,' Tony shrugs, 'another isn't Earth shattering. And I have money, and you, Rhodes and Jarvis.'
'Yeah,' Tony nods, 'Steve; the guy raised to believe the only way to have a family is a man and a woman who love each other and are married. He's from the forties, Pep.'
'Pete can pick out some toys and we could go to my floor?' Steve suggests as he gets up to load Tony's dishwasher.
'I push you backwards until you're sprawled on the sofa and I straddle your thighs. I start biting my way down your neck and I keep rubbing you. You're trying not to make a sound but that just makes me try harder.'
'No, thank you,' she's watching him. 'Steve, I just want to thank you for looking out for Tony. He doesn't have many friends he can rely on for this sort of thing.'
'I scared him,' Steve sighs and sits at the kitchen island. 'Will he even want me around Pete anymore?'
'He's asleep but I promised I'd bring him back to you,' he reports as Tony performs something of a visible check of his son.
'I'd love to,' Steve beams at him and then seems to laugh at himself. 'Sorry; I just thought you'd be fed up of me by now.'
'Urgh,' Tony groans. 'He keeps assuming knowledge of other publications,' he opens the referenced article on another of his screens, 'I pity whoever it was that had to read through this to award his latest doctorate.'
‘A lot of your stuff is very complicated,’ Steve argues just to see the disgusted look on Tony’s face as he argues that his UIs are the most user-friendly around ‘thank you very fucking much’.
'I need to clean up before I can deal with Reed showing up here,' Tony dismisses. 'Penthouse, Jarvis!'
'No,' Jarvis agrees. 'I believe only you and sir are comfortable knowing everything I am capable of.'
Tony grins as he presses a quick kiss to his boyfriend's leg and then resumes circling his hole before pressing back in. Thrusting his tongue in and out makes Steve make the most awesome noises.
‘Tell them I want their full data not just what they think they’ve learnt from it,’ he says and keeps staring. ‘Hey,’ he adds finally, ‘you’re all here then.’
'Well,' Steve leans forwards too, 'there are blocks. If he's anything like you he might like the puzzle thing? Or would it be too simple for him?'
Pete blinks at him and carefully places an Iron Man toy on the floor before pulling a black card from his pocket.
After a while Tony's monologue tails off into the occasional comment to Jarvis so he decides to slip away.
Steve snaps out of his distraction and reaches a hand towards Tony who takes the prompt and steps back into Steve’s arms.
Tony tugs Steve into a quick hug so he can't see the expression Tony's now making; it was two days ago that he first pushed a finger up Steve's arse, which means for this Steve it's never happened.
'We don't know,' Tony admits. 'Their notes don't say why. I guess they hope the serum will be inheritable.'
'Keep trying them until they answer,' Tony instructs and moves to take the lift up to the penthouse.
‘I don’t know why,’ Bruce looks up from his work and over his glasses at Steve. ‘But if it makes him more comfortable then it’s the least I can do as he trusts me more than nearly everyone else on this planet.’
Steve whips his head back around, realising he's been staring at an empty doorway for a couple of minutes,
'Tony!' Steve curls in on himself as he comes hard down Tony's throat and then drops back on the bed and pants.
And then he remembers that the man he has an unrequited crush on is asleep beside him and the good feeling shrinks rapidly.
'Right,' Clint puts the milk out beside the ketchup, 'always best to listen to your Dada's omniscient butler.'
‘Sir has agreed to stay in medical until we can be certain he is suffering no side effects from the poison,’ Jarvis adds.
'Jarvis, where's Tony?' he asks as he wraps a towel around his hips and starts rubbing his hair dry.
'Steve, you like Tony,' she tells him straightforwardly. 'I know you told him so and I know that he turned you down.'
'Yeah, they did,' Tony agrees. 'A very tasteful light blue carpet. It, apparently, goes very well with the even lighter blue walls and the furniture that'll turn up tomorrow.'
There's conversation now though. If it can be called a conversation when Tony does more than ninety percent of the talking.
What did I do? Is the first thought to crash across Tony's mind; Dummy immediately reacts negatively to the mere suggestion. 'You're as loyal as you are stupid, Dummy,' he tells the bot as he gazes at a nervous looking super soldier.
Steve's face does that weird spasming thing where he's trying not to show that something's upset him.
Steve hears from Jarvis that Tony's holding some sort of impromptu press conference downstairs just before Pete wakes up.
'It does,' she agrees finally. 'The meeting is at eleven; that's forty five minutes from now. Can you please make sure he is on his way to the conference room before quarter to?'
'Well, I think we killed everyone in the base,' Tony replies, confused. 'I guess one of the higher ups in AIM might...'
Showers are great for having the excuse to rub your hands everywhere. Also, because he's rubbing soap all over Steve, Steve is reciprocating.
‘If we get called out you shouldn’t be coming with your shoulder like that,’ Steve steps up to the workbench and gazing at the complex holographic schematics.
They’ve already left the helicarrier by the time Steve realises that he hasn’t reported any of this to the Director or the rest of the team.
What should he do? Tony clearly intends for the boy to live with him and Pete, so when does Steve get to see him?
‘Of course,’ Steve agrees, and suddenly realises he trusts Howard’s son, who he has barely even met, more than the organisation who revived him and set him back up in this world.
'I promise everything is fine. I didn't cut the feed. Jarvis... I didn't ask him to, I really didn't,' Tony speaks very quickly. 'I called as soon as I realised what happened and then got here as quickly as I could when you didn't reply.'
‘Right,’ Steve rushes to take the generator from You and presses the device at the end of the cable from the generator into place in Tony’s chest. He watches in desperation as Tony’s whole body shudders and falls limp again. ‘Jarvis, what do I do?’
Actually, knowing Tony, he'd probably pin it up in the foyer of the building and point it out to everyone he could.
'I released a swarm of nanites into my bloodstream to heal the wound left by the reactor,' Tony tells him calmly. 'Teeny tiny robots, Cap. They can communicate with each other so that they can work efficiently,  which is great, but now they've latched onto my brain and it would seem I'm now able to... Recieve digital communications directly into my brain.'
'Pete,' he sighs in relief. The suit opens and he steps out to drop to one knee and scoop his boy to his chest. 'You scared me, baby boy.'
'It would be a pretty massive coincidence otherwise,' Tony doesn't sound convinced but gestures towards the generator. 'I finished making that this morning. Or two days ago. Whatever.'
'Pete?' Steve asks in alarm and then grins as Pete collects a couple of items from his side of the bed.
Back in the main room he finds Jarvis is reading a story to Pete off of his tablet. He sits beside his son and brings up his home interface on the coffee table.
He gets that Jarvis wouldn't tell him, he does, and Pepper and Rhodes are Tony's friends not his, but Bruce?
'Captain,' Jarvis pauses before continuing, 'sir rebounds from these episodes very quickly. I do not believe his desire to be alone is due to any fear of you.'
Steve isn’t sure if Tony hates hospitals in general or if it’s a distrust of SHIELD, but his friend’s twitchiness is starting to make him jumpy too.
'He believed you would not want this,' Jarvis continues, 'that you deserved better than to be tied to him.'
'Coulson is alive,' Tony says, sounding offhanded but staring intently at Fury. 'I assumed you all knew.'
‘Jarvis, eta on the jet?’ Tony breaks the silence. He sounds rough and there’s blood trickling slowly but steadily down his chest.
‘You believe you can do this?’ Jarvis asks and then continues after a pause, ‘very well, Dummy. Captain, Dummy believes he can activate the arc reactor. I suggest you allow him space to work.’
'Not that Stark isn't a great guy at heart,' Clint voices what Steve's been thinking, 'but why does he care so much about what happens to the kid? No offence, kid.'
‘I’ve lost my memory, Pep,’ Tony tells her then steps into the lift, without even glancing back at Steve, and he’s gone.
'It's good,' Steve smiles as he looks at the blue figure holding a shield. 'He needs a head though.'
'Hey, Tony,' he smiles back and lets Tony usher him across the room and puts the box down where indicated.
‘Tony’s arc reactor was damaged,’ Natasha explains calmly and the expression on the agent’s face makes it clear Tony didn’t say anything was wrong.
'Does Pepper have another Board Meeting for you?' Pete asks before cramming a large amount of food into his mouth.
'Oh, pretty normal,' Tony pulls away still grinning, 'I have a clone, I'm expecting another child with a man who doesn't know about it, Steve managed to reveal the existence of my kid to the world during a press conference on green energy, I accused Captain America of child abuse and nearly had my AI shoot him in the head.'
'How long do we have? Can you get it out of here?' Steve demands as he ducks a wild swing from a new opponent.
It's a few hours before Steve rides through the Mansion gates on his new bike. He has his duffle strapped down behind him and his shield on his back.
'Hello boys,' Tony grins, 'Dada's home. This is Pete, you saw him yesterday but he was sleeping then, you'll all play nice now, won't you. Pete,' he gestures to the bots, 'this is Dummy and You; they're robots.'
If he stays awake to watch the boy sleep for a while then it's not like anyone around here can take the high ground when it comes respecting privacy.
'Sir knows, only too well, how being of the same blood does not equate to a loving family,' Jarvis replies quickly.
'I don't know if Cap would be able to drive your car,' he grins, 'but I'm sure you'll be able to convince any of the other Avengers to join you.'
'I need to pack,' Steve shakes his head. 'I'll see you there,' he ducks his head into the back of the Audi and presses a kiss to Pete's cheek, 'I'll see you at lunch, ok Pete?'
After finishing eating they return to the sitting area to play with the Duplo, but after half an hour Pete clambers his way into his father's lap.
To reassure you, Tony will end up telling Steve, but I'm not going to spoil anything by telling you when or how it goes :)
Steve's breath evens out and he blinks himself out of his daze to look to where Tony has pillowed his head on his shoulder,
'I know,' Tony presses kisses up the tear tracks on his face to his eyes and then hugs him tightly. 'I'm sorry. I'm going to have words with Jarvis.'
Finally, and Steve feels terrible about as soon as he thinks that, it’s Tony’s arc reactor that gets hurt. Or damaged, he corrects himself, but it’s so easy to think of the reactor as part of Tony now and
'Nearly complete,' she replies and gives a little sigh of relief, 'have you ever noticed how shrapnel is always disappointingly small compared to the amount of pain it causes?'
'It's all about the sex with you kids,' he puts a hand under Steve's jaw to tip his head back for a kiss.
'Pepper! Did Jay tell you the good news?' he's already down the corridor to his bedroom so she follows him. 'Everything's good, Pep, we can get this thing going. This time next year we should have four more facilities entirely self sufficient!'
‘Sorry,’ Steve apologises and, rather stupidly, immediately leans back throwing them to Tony’s right.
Hours later, when it's over, a doctor comes out to tell them that it all went well and Tony will be coming around from his anesthetic shortly. Rhodey and Pepper both start quizzing her but Steve hasn't been able to tear his eyes from his partner.
What does it say about Tony's belief in his partner that he would learn this information, assume that Steve knows it too, but never mention it? Does he really think Steve would be angry with him for finding out?
Steve borrows from Tony’s vocabulary as he ducks under the shutter which immediately drops back down behind him.
'Can we have burgers and fries, please?' he diverts easily into beaming at a stewardess who's bringing over his coffee now that they're in the air. 'And juice. Orange juice with bits.'
There's a split second, as Tony gets up from the bench, where Steve is insanely aware of the distance between them and then he's reached out and grabbed hold of Tony's hand.
‘Can you talk me through it or do we need Tony to wake up?’ Steve asks quietly and brushes a hand though Tony’s damp hair.
Tony slips from his arms as he’s watching Dummy and dry swallows some pills before You offers him a decanter.
'I believe I used the word 'wonderful' actually,' Tony tells him as he stirs from his half doze. He sucks on Steve's collarbone (because how could he not when it's right there?); Steve doesn't seem to mind.
He had come downstairs to find Tony working hard and Jarvis reading Pete a story. It had taken more courage than it should have to call up to Tony and suggest Pete might like to leave the Mansion for a while.
Steve offers a weak smile before being instructed on what he has to do to help defeat the army of evil cars.
Steve beats Tony down to the garage and paces beside the cars as the waits. Happy arrives first, carrying a suitcase and the suitcase suit which he puts in the back of a Bentley.
‘Of course not,’ Steve agrees readily as he crushes down that tiny glimmer of hope that he’d apparently still been carrying, ‘I just want us to still be friends.’
'Because he is,' he stuffs his hands into his pockets to try and stop himself wanting a glass of something as a prop.
'Why are you briefing us on this, Nicky?' Tony stretches his arms over his head. 'Sector 7 is Coulson's baby.'
'Hey,' Tony just hugs him back, 'that's fine; you're coming with me. You can play in my workshop while I'm working. We'll take your toys with us, ok?'
'Other one?' Steve finds himself looking around wildly as though a child might suddenly jump out from somewhere.
'Was I right?' Tony asks as he bites and kisses his way down Steve's neck and chest. 'If I take long enough over this will you beg?'
He smiles at the photo and runs his thumb over where his son's name is printed neatly at the bottom.
They walked past the drawing room door, still sealed shut but not undisturbed — though Tony was not going to divulge this fact. He showed Steve through the dining room and sat him down on a seat in the smoking room. It was the smallest room downstairs and Tony, suddenly conscious of the intimacy of the setting, started to regret not having this talk out in the hall for all to hear.
“And, for God’s sake, talk to Obie. He’s harassing me now that you’re out of his reach. Breakfast, dinnertime, just before retiring, you name it. The guy grasps your lapel and doesn’t let go for a good fifteen minutes. Bet he’s got a lot of experience on stopping escapes,” finished Rhodey with a meaningful glance at Tony.
“We really need to work on your paranoia or soon I won’t have any staff left,” Tony told Steve once the coast was clear.
“Funny, I’d have thought you were going to want to shake off the shadows as soon as physically possible…”
By the fifth time Tony got his leg bruised by the knobby head of the gear, despite trying to take as little space as he could, he could not bear the silence any longer.
Steve felt said chest clench at her casual use of Tony’s beloved nickname, and he looked away, out to the now empty saloon. When he turned around, he was sorry to find Natasha was still staring at him.
“We did ask around, but the crews cleaned up the area overnight to allow for normal business operations the next day, and in doing so they destroyed physical evidence that might have helped investigators solve the crime. Stark Industries was in shambles after the stocks dropped. We could not quite figure out from whose pocket the funeral expenses should be paid.”
Tony gasped, body seizing… just as Steve’s arms closed around him, blood bubbled from within a hole in his chest, right were the scarring used to be … it spread wide while Steve, helplessly, tried to put pressure upon the wound…
Steve walked along the shadows of the porches as quietly as possible, though some horses tied at the posts still snorted fright at the squeak of a board, the play of shadows whenever he passed a lamp. He crossed the mouth of an alley, ducked behind the porch of the townhall, a rail that hid him out of sight. He kept glancing up at Fury, who was walking back rather slowly while sorting his letters by priority … it just didn’t sit right given his earlier eagerness, somehow…
Ten feet from the woman, the crowd became dense, and contact became unavoidable. This invited closer conflict than Tony had wished.
“I have something to give you,” Tony said shortly; Steve recognized the hunted glance Tony shot at the world around them: he had not told, either.
He stopped, careful not to say what he really thought about. Fury set his fisted hands on the desk and leaned over to Steve.
“To hell with waiting,” growled Clint, leaning towards them over the thin armrest. “I say we take it from here by foot if we have to.”
“Spiders?” repeated Scott, whose voice had risen an octave. He gave a skittish jump when Steve closed the shutters.
They trundled through the snowy desert, over the river, where the steel bridge was built: still lacking rails but sturdy enough to cross. Here, Steve looked down at the river water, which had frozen itself a lid; below it, water fluidly trickled under the translucent cover.
“Huh,” said Steve, turning to watch Scott, seated on the right side of the car, in the light of this new information. Funny enough, he looked exactly the same. Next to Scott, Clint raised his spurred boot to push against the opposing seat; catching Steve’s eye, he then lifted the other from the carpeted floor to drape over his left.
