While the movie played, Dean sat cross-legged at the coffee table, occasionally scribbling down notes.  Cas sat on the sofa, his knees huddled up to his chest. Tall though he was, in this position he took up only one cushion.  Just leaving room for Dean, should he decide to move off the floor, he thought.
Sighing heavily, Dean explained.  “When I first got to the hospital, they asked me about my last long-term relationship.  I go, ‘Define long-term.’  The lady says, ‘Two months.’” He pulls a face, sad but mostly disappointed.  “I just shook my head, told her I never had.”
Cas does not speak. He beckons Dean closer, and Dean only observes that the baron is fully dressed as he proceeds to loose his cravat. He pauses just long enough to bare Dean’s muscular body to the night air, as hard and tight and glorious as a Greek god of old. He winds the cloth around Dean’s strong hands, binds them together, immobilises him against the statue, his back to that of the goddess.
When they reached the ridge, Donna looked back to be sure she was the last and frowned at a plume of black smoke rising in the direction they had come.  She’d mention it to Claire later; there was nothing to be done now but to press on.
“...The movers will be here from noon to two, which means you will need to pack a lunch if you hope to get to Lawrence by dinnertime.”
“And I’m like, fine, whatever, let’s do this.”  Dean covers his face with his hands and scrubs.  “Sammy, hand to fucking God, Cas breaks, and like,
Castiel took up a kid, white without spot, and a brown one with it; he held them against his breast, and he carried them into the presence of the sun. He took in his hand his silver sceptre and he said to glorious Chuck, I am going to that country, O Chuck, I am going; my hands supplicate, so let it be well with my soul and bring me back to the quay of URUK. Grant, I beseech, your protection, and let the omen be good.' Glorious Chuck answered, ‘Castiel, you are strong, but what is the ‘Country of the Living’ to you?
“So I’m driving,” Sam continued, as if he hadn’t been uninterrupted.   “Sit up and get your seat belts on.”
“Exactly! That is why we have come. We have only just heard of the affair ourselves, and we are come to clarify a great misunderstanding.”
Dean froze.  “Uh.  I dunno.  Sorry, man,” he told Castiel, his hands wide, “I’m a nickname guy, I just-”
And now she said to Dean, ‘When I look at you you have become like a god. Why do you yearn to run wild again with the beasts in the hills? Get up from the ground, the bed of a shepherd.' He listened to her words with care. It was good advice that she gave. She divided her clothing in two and with the one half she clothed him and with the other herself, and holding his hand she led him like a child to the sheepfolds, into the shepherds' tents. There all the shepherds crowded round to see him, they put down bread in front of him, but Dean could only suck the milk of wild animals. He fumbled and gaped, at a loss what to do or how he should eat the bread and drink the strong wine. Then the woman said, 'Dean, eat bread, it is the staff of life; drink the wine, it is the custom of the land.' So he ate till he was full and drank strong wine, seven goblets. He became merry, his heart exulted and his face shone. He rubbed down the matted hair of his body and anointed himself with oil. Dean had become a man; but when he had put on man's clothing he appeared like a bridegroom. He took arms to hunt the lion so that the shepherds could rest at night. He caught wolves and lions and the herdsmen lay down in peace; for Dean was their watchman, that strong man who had no rival.
Dean does not follow, but makes his way back to the house to alert the staff. Just as His Lordship’s men rush outside, however, Castiel can be seen striding across the long lawn, the maid in his arms collapsed against his shoulder. She looks quite unwell indeed. That is, until she catches the eye of Mr Winchester. Her coy smile informs him of her intentions. He scowls, even as he leads the way to a convenient sitting room.
“A short description of the gods and of other persons and places mentioned in the Epic will be found in this Glossary. The gods were credited at different times with a variety of attributes and characteristics, sometimes contradictory; only such as are relevant to the material of the Epic are given here.”
On-screen, Dean was lazily scratching both ends of the mic and talking in a deep register about ... nothing, really.  Castiel tuned back in to his words; he was musing about his week. Seems he was starting college. Castiel perked up- did he say where? But he had to laugh at himself. There were thousands of universities in the United States; it’s not like this TuTuber was going to show up in Lawrence next week.
“I’m afraid you have, Dean,” says Castiel with a mournful inclination of his head. “I daresay you saw her smiles and my own and thought that I did so with the affection of a lover.” Dean says nothing farther, but his expression shews that Castiel strikes close to the truth. “I assure you it was no such thing. I thought only to attract attention away from your sister’s violent condemnation of my sister’s detractors.” They find themselves in a secluded street of mews, and Castiel takes Dean’s hand into his. “I have formed no attachment. I have loved none but you. You alone have brought me to London. For you alone, I think and plan.”
But Castiel called the smiths and the armourers, all of them together. They admired the immensity of the horns. They were plated with lapis lazuli two fingers thick. They were thirty pounds each in weight, and their capacity in oil was six measures, which he gave to his guardian god, Novak. But he carried the horns into the palace and hung them on the wall. Then they washed their hands in Euphrates, they embraced each other and went away. They drove through the streets of URUK where the heroes were gathered to see them, and Castiel called to the singing girls, ‘Who is most glorious of the heroes, who is most eminent among men?' ‘Castiel is the most glorious of heroes, Castiel is most eminent among men.' And now there was feasting, and celebrations and joy in the palace, till the heroes lay down saying, ‘Now we will rest for the night.'
, and Dean couldn’t shut up.  “They say suicide runs in families, you know?  Well, after my dad- After Dad, I got rid of the guns, even the hidden ones, the ones he didn’t think I knew about.   It’s just too easy with a gun around.”  He sighed; talking was an effort and still he couldn’t shut up.  “I thought about it a lot, how it would be so fucking easy to just end it, and I- I couldn’t.  I chucked them all.  I couldn’t make Sammy go through that again.  But well,” he gestured at his left arm, “fat lot of good it did.  Where there’s a will, I guess.”
Beside the sea she lives, the woman of the vine, the maker, of wine; Jo sits in the garden at the edge of the sea, with the golden bowl and the golden vats that the gods gave her. She is covered with a veil; and where she sits she sees Castiel coming towards her, wearing skins, the flesh of the gods in his body, but despair in his heart, and his face like the face of one who has made a long journey. She looked, and as she scanned the distance she said in her own heart, ‘Surely this is some felon; where is he going now? And she barred her gate against him with the cross-bar and shot home the bolt. But Castiel, hearing the sound of the bolt, threw up his head and lodged his foot in the gate; he called to her, ‘Young woman, maker of wine, why do you bolt your door; what did you see that made you bar your gate? I will break in your door and burst in your gate, for I am Castiel who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven, I killed the watchman of the cedar forest, I overthrew Lucifer who lived in the forest, and I killed the lions in the passes of the mountain.'
Dean, seeing the direction and recoiling, briefly, before replying with as calm an air as can be mustered: “How came it to be in your post, I wonder?”
Which was ridiculous.  On top of paying his rent and all of his school fees, Castiel’s parents gave him an allowance of $200 per week, of which he never spent half.  Meanwhile, Dean had no allowance, barely a part-time job at his buddy’s garage, and he was paying his own rent, plus tuition and school fees for two, and fueling himself and that gas-guzzler from whatever he had in savings.  Castiel had plenty, and he wanted to share, but Dean was proud. He had tried buying him groceries; Dean avoided him for a week. He had tried sending him home with leftovers; Dean skipped class the next day. He’d offered to do his laundry - a perfectly reasonable offer, thought Cas, and only tangentially related to Castiel’s desire to save Dean a few quarters in the process - and Dean had responded by acting scandalized at the idea of Cas seeing his unmentionables.
Ah, London, Miss Alethea, it is to London that Mr Winchester directs his steps after the disaster at Garrison House. London! Such a scene of dissipation and vice! I have been wild to tell you all about the pleasure to be found in town, even in a place as dull and dreary as Cheapside. It does not glitter like the palaces, nor does it glow with greenery and life like the parks of the Serpentine, and yet it is London and therefore it is enough.
She smiled.  “Well, that is a relief.  I miss her,” sighed Dena.  “She had no way of knowing I’d come back.  And for all the pain of losing her twice, I can’t complain,” casting her eyes towards Cas, meditating on a stump just outside the farthest ring of firelight.  “I didn’t deserve a second chance, and yet.  Somebody thought I did.”
.  “I’m not trying to make friends.  I’m asking if you,” gesturing awkwardly across the seatback, “want to have a beer with me,” with another awkward flourish towards his own chest.
“I have tried it.  As I told Jo at the time, the chemical composition is identical to that of petro-”
He flew to the front door.  Burst through it, reaching for Dean’s door.  It was locked. Cas thought frantically. A credit card.  That might work. He grabbed his wallet from his coat pocket with shaking hands.  Everything fell out of the wallet as he stood on Dean’s doorstep but the damn credit card.  Finally he got it out. He shoved the card into the crack between the door and the jamb.
.  He tapped the table as he mulled it over.  “Well, maybe I could just look at her availability for the week,” he mumbled.
But Castiel said to Jo, the young woman, ‘How can I be silent, how can I rest, when Dean whom I love is dust, and I too shall die and be laid in the earth. You live by the sea-shore and look into the heart of it; young woman, tell me now, which is the way to Death, the son of UBARA-TUTU? What directions are there for the passage; give me, oh, give me directions. I will cross the Ocean if it is possible; if it is not I will wander still farther in the wilderness.' The wine-maker said to him, 'Castiel, there is no crossing the Ocean; whoever has come, since the days of old, has not been able to pass that sea. The Sun in his glory crosses the Ocean, but who beside Chuck has ever crossed it? The place and the passage are difficult, and the waters of death are deep which flow between. Castiel, how will you cross the Ocean? When you come to the waters of death what will you do? But Castiel, down in the woods you will find Tessa, the ferryman of Death; with him are the holy things, the things of stone. He is fashioning the serpent prow of the boat. Look at him well, and if it is possible, perhaps you will cross the waters with him; but if it is not possible, then you must go back.'
Both Dean and Jo express their dismay at the news. The Winchesters had rather hoped to travel in company with the Novaks back to Hampshire, but as Anna’s most recent letter from Miss Charlotte Bradbury makes quite clear, the neighbourhood is not disposed to look favourably upon the match they now perceive to be truly at the heart of the intimacy between Chevrolet and Garrison House. Miss Charlotte informs her that the owner of Garrison House intends to rescind the gift of the manor as of Michaelmas and to retake residence as soon as Lord Novak’s twelvemonth has elapsed. As for the Winchesters, says she, all intercourse with
Cas sighed.  “I know, I’m weird.  Yes.  I’m aware.  And you don’t have to … make friends.  With me.”
She tried to frown, but Dean had clearly won her over.  “Alright boys, I’ll have that out to you in a jif.  You behave at my bar now, y’hear?”
“Yup."  They head out the door but stop in a window alcove to let the students leaving behind them get past.
“I don’t care.”  He turned towards Cas.  “Hey.  After this, you wanna head back to the hotel and check out the pool?”
Extracting the torch from its resting place, he searches the wall for evidence that it is not so solid as it first appears to be, given only a cursory inspection. At last, he discovers a weak point and he shoves hard with his whole weight. It gives way and he is suddenly outside, with only a thin garment to protect him from the chill night wind.
Dean laughs softly. ”You are quite the actress, dear sister. We should complete the family’s fall into ruin and send you to tread the boards.”
That Sam would abandon not only Kevan but the Queen, her sister, everyone she loved, was unfathomable.
Dean looks like he might make a clever remark, but he snaps his jaw shut and smiles. “You should take my arm then, Your Lordship.”
“Ow! Hmmf,” Dean managed, as Cas reeled him in, his hands fisting Dean’s lapels. “Bastard,” he growled against his lips.  Dean grinned again, unrepentant, and let himself be caught up in Castiel’s fury. Cas kissed him with unrestrained passion.  Livestream or no, he surged against Dean, wishing he could get closer. He wanted to crawl into Dean’s skin, absorb him, to merge their bodies into one soul, a fusion reaction to obliterate the merest atomic space between them.
“Please, Mr Winchester.” He says no more, dismissing the younger man with a stern glance and returning his attention to the lady.
Cas had heard a lot about Patronus.  He understood that it was a way for Tutubers to make money on the side, outside of Tutube’s advertising structures and their restrictive terms of service.  But he didn’t really understand how it all worked. He kept meaning to ask Dean, but he always acted so skittish whenever the topic of money arose.
“I dunno,” Dean shrugs again.  He drops the instruments in the bucket on their way out.  He smiles, and it’s oddly shy.  “Where you from?”
Dean reappeared the next day.  Castiel was outside, as usual, when Dean walked up to his front door.
Castiel was still awake when the video ended, so he clicked on the next ImpalaASMR vid. This one was also rated-G, in which he played with the fluffy mic covers. No talking, just running his fingers through the faux fur, occasionally rubbing the head of the microphone. Blowing through the fluff, making it flare and sending a whooshing static into the audio channel.  Castiel’s hair stood on end from the time Dean waved hello until the last wink as the screen faded to black.
He was merry living with the shepherds, till one day lifting his eyes he saw a man approaching. He said to the harlot, ‘Woman, fetch that man here. Why has he come? I wish to know his name.' She went and called the man saying, ‘Sir, where are you going on this weary journey?' The man answered, saying to Dean, ‘Castiel has gone into the marriage-house and shut out the people. He does strange things in URUK, the city of great streets. At the roll of the drum work begins for the men, and work for the women. Castiel the king is about to celebrate marriage with the Queen of Love, and he still demands to be first with the bride, the king to be first and the husband to follow, for that was ordained by the gods from his birth, from the time the umbilical cord was cut. But now the drums roll for the choice of the bride and the city groans.' At these words Dean turned white in the face. ‘I will go to the place where Castiel lords it over the people, I will challenge him boldly, and I will cry aloud in URUK, "I have come to change the old order, for I am the strongest here."’
Dean says nothing that cannot be said with smiling green eyes and a kiss as deep as the blush staining his freckled cheeks.
Bitterly Castiel wept for his friend Dean; he wandered over the wilderness as a hunter, he roamed over the plains; in his bitterness he cried, ‘How can I rest, how can I be at peace? Despair is in my heart. What my brother is now, that shall I be when I am dead. Because I am afraid of death I will go as best I can to find Death whom they call the Faraway, for he has entered the assembly of the gods.' So Castiel travelled over the wilderness, he wandered over the grasslands, a long journey, in search of Death, whom the gods took after the deluge; and they set him to live in the land of DILMUN, in the garden of the sun; and to him alone of men they gave everlasting life.
He closed the pop-up and scrolled down to the auctions.  He paused at the preview that had been blocked and he clicked it again.  A 15-second video popped up. In this larger view, Dean was indeed shirtless.  He was, in fact, naked, except for a swatch of pink fabric over his crotch. When Cas hit Play, Dean turned a bold smouldering gaze upon the camera, rubbing at the shiny pink cloth.  He dipped his hands under the waistband of what were - obviously, now - panties, and freed his cock, hard and almost purple. He stroked himself, tipped his head back, moaned … and froze.
Cas tugged Dean’s shirt out of his pants and slithered his hands under the fabric to claw at the hot skin of his back.
Sam lost his shit.  He could almost hear Dean clench up his jaw before uttering a desperately sarcastic, “Thanks, Cas.”
What was he wearing?  It looked like a leather tunic, cinched with a wide belt, from which hung a sword.  A real sword? Or just a scabbard with a faux hilt? Cas couldn’t be sure, but the effect was … impressive.  He wore mail around his collarbones, bracers on his forearms, tight breeches, and tall leather boots.
Dean looked down at the box in his hands and huffed a laugh.  “Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Cas. I owe you one.”
Dena scowled.  “I don’t know.  I haven’t seen Ash since I-  Since she-  And maybe that’s the goddess interfering, helping Ash keep her vow.”  She contemplated that a moment, before continuing.  “I hear things, though.  Jo likes to give me updates when she come back from visiting her mother.  Ash is doing so well, Kevan.  I’m sure Jo sugarcoats the truth for me, but she’s obviously proud of her, and I know that’s good news.  They, uh, they didn’t think she was gonna make it, you know.  They thought she was going to, um.  Danu saved her life.  And I can’t be ungrateful, even if I said some pretty awful things when I found out that she’d taken the vow.”
forest stretches for ten thousand leagues in every direction; who would willingly go down to explore its depths? As for Lucifer, when he roars it is like the torrent of the storm, his breath is like fire and his jaws are death itself. Why do you crave to do this thing, Castiel? It is no equal struggle when one fights with Lucifer, that battering-ram.’
When Dean could concentrate long enough to retaliate, he fetched two more ice cubes. Barely cubes anymore. Misshapen flat stones, tacky and syrupy and dripping wet.  Dean stretched back and stroked the ice across Cas’ hard nipples.  Cas groaned, but didn't let go.  “Yeah?  You like that?”  Cas nodded as best he could with a dick in his mouth; Dean lapped at him with the cold wet tongues of ice.
As is the way with these tales, it began with a prophecy: “A daughter of Winchester in the line of Cain will bring to the fae realms darkness and pain.”  Seers have long sight and poor perspective.  The prophecy lapsed into legend within a few generations, and there being no such place as Winchester in the fae realms, the phrase came to be a sort of idiom, akin to the Moondoor proverb, “Imagined fears will only bring tears.”
“No, of course not.  I was just- I don’t get a lot of word about Dena these days, which is of course-”  She took a deep breath and met Jody’s eyes again.  She must have realized the suspicions she raised, because when she spoke again, it was with chin tipped defiantly upward.  “I recognize Dena’s methods, that’s all.  She and I have a history, you know?”
“I don’t know.  It feels like a hundred years since I got- since you broke-”  He shook his head in frustration.  “Dammit, I can’t talk about this.”
“Oh sorry, I didn’t realize.”  He went to hug Jess next.  He whispered, “This is all your boyfriend’s fault,” before he snatched her up like a sack of potatoes and chucked her into the pool.
“I mean.  You have the genuine article right upstairs.  Don’t look so scandalized! Didn’t you ever think to ask for…” He waved his hands down the front of himself in invitation.
She had one opening left for the month, and it was at 7 that evening.  Cas checked the clock. 6:54. He decided it was kismet and requested the consultation.
Now Death, where he lay at ease, looked into the distance and he said in his heart, musing to himself, ‘Why does the boat sail here without tackle and mast; why are the sacred stones destroyed, and why does the master not sail the boat? That man who comes is none of mine; where I look I see a man whose body is covered with skins of beasts. Who is this who walks up the shore behind Tessa, for surely he is no man of mine? So Death looked at him and said, ‘What is your name, you who come here wearing the skins of beasts, with your cheeks starved and your face drawn? Where are you hurrying to now? For what reason have you made this great journey, crossing the seas whose passage is difficult? Tell me the reason for your coming.’
She nodded.  “Kevan looks unsettled.  And Linda.  Linda is always a flight risk, especially where her child is concerned.”
I cannot say. I must tell you. Oh dear, suppose I should tell you, and you are ashamed to see my face again? Or suppose that I should tell you, and I am not there to watch as you worry your lip between your teeth as you read? I fear you will blush to the very tips of your ears, when you see!
They didn’t exchange more than a handful of words until they pulled off the highway for dinner.  House rule, stop for dinner.  You drove better, longer, if you actually got out of the car for an hour or two, even if it was just to sit down again to eat.  Making good time didn’t matter much if you reached your destination all strung out from the road.
The angel alighted softly in the deep umbra, avoiding a patch of silver moonlight.  They crept quietly through the camp, absentmindedly assessing the sleeping forms as they passed.  The healer in them couldn’t help unconsciously checking for injuries and symptoms.  They had not been gone so long, though, and was relieved to find everyone well and resting peacefully.  Well, almost everyone.
My dearest Alethea, it is now three months to the day that we first encountered our darling Mr Winchester and his divine Lord Novak. How much has been said between us on the subject! That you save the letters that tell their tale does me more credit than it does you, but so long as you keep them well-concealed, I think we can be in no grave danger of discovery. I have saved no copy for myself and shall be glad to read again my brilliant and daring words when we meet at Manydown again. Only think that in ten days’ time we shall be together, my dearest! I have longed to see your sweet family, as well as savor a few more glasses of the orange wine! But all of that has been said again and again in the longer letter for all. You must permit me to direct your attention back to Elysium for the moment.
When Castiel heard this he did as Cain had said, he followed the sun’s road to his rising, through the mountain. When he had gone one league the darkness became thick around him, for there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. After two leagues the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. After three leagues the darkness was thick, and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. After four leagues the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. At the end of five leagues the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. At the end of six leagues the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. When he had gone seven leagues the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. When he had gone eight leagues Castiel gave a great cry, for the darkness was thick and he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. After nine leagues he felt the north wind on his face, but the darkness was thick and there was no light, he could see nothing ahead and nothing behind him. After ten leagues the end was near. After eleven leagues the dawn light appeared. At the end of twelve leagues the sun streamed out.
“I do not want it, Dean! I do not care if you withhold your blessing from me! I have nearly completed my schooling, and Mr Morningstar is prepared to assist me in my career. He has just written about a place for me at Gray’s Inn, and my path is secure.” As Dean says nothing further in rebuttal, Sam adds softly, “Dean. Pray do not attempt to control my choices as Father did. He succeeded only in estranging himself from me.”
Dean smiled as he threw on his date clothes from the night before.  They were cleaner than anything else he had with him.  To call them date clothes was a bit of a stretch anyway: a dark blue shirt, a red flannel, the same old jeans and boots he’d worn the whole trip, hardly dressy.  Dean’s fashion sense tended towards conspicuously nondescript, with an eye for durability and a dash of doesn’t-show-dirt.  The remnants of a childhood spent living out of a duffel bag.
, empty-handed, with only the clothes on his back.  But his stomach churned with anxious energy at the idea.  He rarely left the house without a destination, and certainly never without the tan trenchcoat, its pockets jammed with keys, wallet, spare gloves, a packet of tissues, chapstick, a Tylenol bottle that also contained a few allergy pills and his anxiety meds, in case he forgot to take them that morning, and all the other things he might possibly need in the outside world.  His father laughed and called it his purse; his mother scoffed and called it his security blanket. Meg hadn’t loved the old thing, but she had generously referred to it as his armor.
As for the rest of the listless and nodding bystanders, there are couples enough to watch if one has the inclination, that the phenomenon goes undiscovered by even the shrewdest amongst their company. Not even Mr Sam Winchester, content to dance a third two with Miss Morningstar, can spare a glance to his brother when such beauty as hers bewitches him, body and soul.
Dean was still laughing.  “Listen, California Boy, we drank worse than that growing up, huh?  ’Member the time the apple juice turned and you got wasted?”
“I just meant to say that I didn’t understand your reference.  To the light and sweet coffee.” He smiled a soft smile. “I guess I do now, though.”
"It's always a gamble with these things.  Low chance of success in the best of circumstances."  To Kevan, she purred, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained, am I right?  What's a little risk to true love?"
“But why should she be the one to catch him?” Dean wonders. “Surely there are prettier girls, young ladies who are less cruel, with nobler intentions-”
No sooner are the words spoken but the pair reappear, eyes bright with joy and lips perhaps a shade pinker, and they are all smiles. “Go tell them,” whispers Castiel. “I see my omniscient sister knows,” with a nod towards the ladies of the house.
As soon as he takes his leave, Jo seizes Castiel by the wrist and almost drags him to Dean’s chamber. “Dean?” she whispers upon entering. “I have brought you a visitor, dear brother.” She leaves Castiel with a sly smile and a wish that he will stay as long as he pleases. “If he is to awaken to any face in England, I had hoped it would be yours.”
And now they brought to them the weapons, they put in their hands the great swords in their golden scabbards, and the bow and the quiver. Castiel took the axe, he slung the quiver from his shoulder, and the bow of ANSHAN, and buckled the sword to his belt; and so they were armed and ready for the journey. Now all the people came and pressed on them and said, ‘When will you return to the city? The counsellors blessed Castiel and warned him, ‘Do not trust too much in your own strength, be watchful, restrain your blows at first. The one who goes in front protects his companion; the good guide who knows the way guards his friend. Let Dean lead the way, he knows the road to the forest, he has seen Lucifer and is experienced in battles; let him press first into the passes, let him be watchful and look to himself. Let Dean protect his friend, and guard his companion, and bring him safe through the pitfalls of the road. We, the counsellors of URUK entrust our king to you, O Dean; bring him back safely to us.' Again to Castiel, they said, ‘May Chuck give you your heart's desire, may he let you see with your eyes the thing accomplished which your lips have spoken; may he open a path for you where it is blocked, and a road for your feet to tread. May he open the mountains for your crossing, and may the nighttime bring you the blessings of night, and Novak, your guardian god, stand beside you for victory. May you have victory in the battle as though you fought with a child. Wash your feet in the river of Lucifer to which you are journeying; in the evening dig a well, and let there always be pure water in your water-skin. Offer cold water to Chuck and do not forget Novak.'
Miss Morningstar turns to Lord Novak’s companion with some alarm, before a shrewd glint in her eye darkens her whole demeanor. “No, Sam (I should say, your brother) is well.”
Castiel opened the door and took his load inside.  Dean didn’t move, and Castiel started to wonder if he should invite him in.  Dean passed him the last of his bags through the doorway and said, “It was nice meeting you.  I hope we run into each other again soon.”
She rubbed her face, waking up the skin, freshening her thoughts after the dark reverie.  A kiss from Cas cleared the rest of the smoke from her vision and she breathed deeply.  "I am now."
Castiel gripped himself. He squeezed the shaft experimentally. After a few dry strokes, he stopped to dig out some lubricant.  Oh, that had been Meg’s. Massage oil would probably work. He poured a small puddle into his palm. Too much- he would have to wash the sheets tomorrow and pray the oil didn’t set.
Jo hesitates. “Is it not possible that the rumors will prove strong enough to frighten away … respectable families?”
Sam had to go in alone to register.  Cas was uncomfortable with doing it himself, citing poor social skills and a general unease in front of strangers.  Dean refused to let Sam surrender the keys to “some kid with a vest and no appreciation for the turning radius of a car built before his parents were born.”  Sam took the responsibility without complaint, except to snipe at his brother for babying his dumb car.  He came back with room keys for a double and a single, as well as directions to several of the nearest self-parking garages.  By the time they’d parked, they opted to pursue dinner instead of carting their gear to their rooms.
“No,” Sam shook his head, his long hair swirling against his shoulders.  “No, no one can take the blame for this, except Dean.  And maybe not even him; I mean, it sounds like Crowley orchestrated the whole thing.  And Cain.  If you’re right about the Mark, that the Mark,” he choked out the words, “turned him, that he would always end up like this eventually, then Cain should have told him.”  Sam couldn’t speak for a moment as he fought for composure.  “Look, I know you want to help him; so do I.  But we’ve searched everything!  It’s been months, and we’re no closer to an answer!”
Sam came back to the small kitchen island and leaned over the sink to watch his brother work.  He marveled, “He’s never so happy as when he’s cooking.  Dude, you should go to culinary school.”
"Not exactly," Dean replied, rubbing his neck. "Tell you the truth, I'm kinda, well, I'm not too sure about, um."
“No, I do want to.”  He snuck a peek around Dean’s head at Sam and Jess, swimming in aimless circles around each other.  They looked like they belonged in the water.  Like a mermaid mating display.    “Huh.”  Cas shook the image out of his head and recaptured Dean’s gaze.  “They’re … fun.”
At the door of the double, Sam turned to Cas and pressed the key into his hand. "Here, this is yours."
“Nah, see, my point is, we weren’t just building a Delorean.  The guys in Texas could have done that.  We built
He piled as many suits into the garment bag as he could manage, minus the one he intended to wear tomorrow.  He hung the tan trenchcoat on the same hanger, and the blue silk tie. Maybe leaving home and going to university was adventure enough for Castiel.  After all, his relationship with Meg had been quite interesting, but she did have a tendency to upset things badly.
As Dean slept alone in his sickness, in bitterness of spirit he poured out his heart to his friend. 'It was I who cut down the cedar, I who levelled the forest, I who slew Lucifer and now see what has become of me. Listen, my friend, this is the dream I dreamed last night. The heavens roared, and earth rumbled back an answer; between them stood I before an awful being, the sombre-faced man-bird; he had directed on me his purpose. His was a vampire face, his foot was a lion's foot, his hand was an eagle's talon. He fell on me and his claws were in my hair, he held me fast and I smothered; then he transformed me so that my arms became wings covered with feathers. He turned his stare towards me, and he led me away to the palace of Billie, the Queen of Darkness, to the house from which none who enters ever returns, down the road from which there is no coming back.
“What?  No. I just-“  He sighed out a long breath and scrubbed his hair.  “Sammy’s bills came due, and it was a lot more than I expected.  Free ride, my ass,” Dean grumbled. “Hey, do you have the notes for film class?”
Cas kissed his hair and twisted behind him to grope along the countertop for a paper towel.  “Will this do?”
Dean chuckled and any tension left in the car melted.  “Don’t worry about it, buddy.  It’s just what we do.”
.” He grinned at the page.  “Hell yeah, love that shit.”  He sighed. “I’ll probably go with something stupid I’ve seen a million times, though.
Cas started to say something, but Sam was already halfway across the lobby, long locks blowing behind him.  “I guess I’ll go with Dean, then.”
Dean turned to stare at Cas, a swipe of pink still dampening his lip.  He licked it away before asking, “Come again?”
“Fortunately no,” and Cas gave him the short, short version of the blow-up with his folks.  “I’ve been staying with my sister Anna and her family this past week, but the situation in California is unchanged.  It’s my brother Gabe’s house exclusively.”
ANU: Sumerian An; father of gods, and god of the firmament, the 'great above'. In the Sumerian cosmogony there was, first of all, the primeval sea, from which was born the cosmic mountain consisting of heaven, 'An', and earth, 'KI'; they were separated by Enlil, then An carried off the heavens, and Enlil the earth. ANU later retreated more and more into the background; he had an important temple in URUK.
Cas didn’t know what to say.  Full access to his channel felt a lot more intimate than moving in together.  Dean
“That’s a fine thought, brother (interjects Anna) but you will have half the neighbourhood clamouring for your head if you deprive them of the sumptuous temptations of La Cage.”
“Mm-hmm.”  He rolled his neck, stretching the sleepy stiffness out of his muscles and yawned before digging into his bag.  He pulled out the CD case.  Remembering Sam’s reaction, he asked, “Do you mind?”
“I’m just saying that if we’re gonna head it off, Sammy, it doesn’t make sense for all of us to take the stairs.”  The elevator dinged, and Dean held the door with his drink hand.
“That doesn’t sound like much fun.”  The lady delivered their drinks just then.  Both guys had to taste Cas’.  “Peachy,” Dean remarked.
The first in the audio-only list was “XXX AUDIO-ONLY Handy.” Castiel took a deep breath and pressed Play.
“Yeah, he does.  I mean, fixing up classic cars,” Sam volunteers, gesturing at the Impala, “it’s kinda his thing!”  Sam laughs.  “Before I came home for summer, he spent
Sam considered Cas’ idea.  It … wasn’t crazy.  “So you’re saying, we invite all these people, and then Dean will just, what, show up?”
As they walk the barely three miles to Garrison House, Dean asks Jo what she knows of their brother’s attachment to Miss Morningstar.
The memory of the night still burned like a fresh wound, but even the most acute pain blurs around the edges.  Some details stood stark in her mind, while others she remembered with her whole body.  The rest had faded into the thin grey haze of nightmares.
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose.  “They, uh, they march us outside, yeah?  The guy who’s got Cas, he pushes him down, his knees are all scraped to hell.”
“I’ve been on a few different SSRIs.  A few MAOIs.  It’s all pretty much the same.  It works for a while and then things suck again.”
Jo gives no answer there, and replies, “They dared not linger after being apprised of the visitors.” She pauses before adding, “We have neither of us been cautious in shewing affection. Perhaps Lord Novak and his sister see the peril in this and have left to rid themselves of our attaintment.”
“You’re always cold,” Sam intoned automatically.  It was a thing they did these days, these rote conversations, played out day after day, hunt after hunt.  But the word tugged at Sam suddenly.
“It wasn’t a Delorean,” he called across the parking lot, catching wind of their conversation.  “It was a
Dean glared at both of them for a long minute.  “Fine.”  He placed the First Blade on the ground within the circle and held his hands up in surrender.  “Hurry, though, it’s singing to me.”
But Cas didn’t see Dean for almost two weeks after that grocery trip, and Cas worried.  Worried about Dean, mostly, but also worried that Dean was avoiding him. Dean was entirely responsible for Castiel instructing his profs to call him “Cas.”  He would be heartbroken to answer to the nickname if the bestower had decided he wanted nothing to do with him, after all. His handwritten notes for film class session #4 included a list of reasons Dean didn’t want to see him.
“It’s gonna get worse before it gets better.”  He shrugged out of his suit jacket, just bumping Cas’ chest with his elbow in the process.  “Sorry, Cas.  Scootch it back a bit.”  He tossed the jacket across the carriage and went to work on rolling up his sleeves.
An hour later, Dean received his Jack and Coke and barely had enough time to ask for a menu before the bartender was gone again.
They had planned for the rest of this video to focus solely on the sounds of the scalp massage.  In fact, they weren’t convinced they wouldn’t cut out the intro entirely so they could tag it as a no-talking video.  There were thousands of no-talking scalp massage videos on Tutube, but the appetite for them was insatiable. New ones never failed to get an ASMRtist a record number of views and likes.
There was a short silence, then Dean cleared his throat and looked away.  “Anyway, I, uh, I have to hit the library.”
The grounds of Garrison House are extensive, more so than Manydown and several of her neighbours gathered together. The property attached to the house is similar in scope to the grounds of my brother in Kent, though Garrison House has benefited from a great deal of modernization in the previous generation. The Winchesters, having been quite close with the former occupants, know the duck pond and the trout stream and the labyrinth better than anyone. They know which copse of trees harbours the best quail and which the plumper wild berries. They have spent many a leisurely hour amongst the rose gardens, many a boisterous afternoon riding their horses up and down the otherwise quiet carriage paths.
Dean gave him a jaunty salute. And put his keys into the door immediately to the right of Castiel’s door.
“Cas, you were right, man.  I lobbed that flash grenade at it, and it never had a chance.  It took the whole bottle of seltzer water to take it down, and eight boxes of baking soda to neutralize the mess, but it’s dead.  And salted and burnt for good measure.”  Sam paused like he was looking for something.  “Hey wait a minute, you’re not at the car.  Where the hell are you guys?”
They both fell silent for a time, and Sam half-worried that they might have passed out.  He hazarded a glance in the rearview mirror and smiled his bemusement: they were staring at each other, like really staring, the whole deep into their eyes thing people do in movies.  Like they’re trying to read the other’s soul.  Sam shook his head.
, and a video titled “XXX: The History of RUM.”  Castiel rolled his eyes. He kept scrolling and found one by ASMR Moondoor Queen that looked appealing.  “Bedtime Stories for Grown-Ups: The Hobbit.” The TuTube promotional text under the video informed him that “ImpalaASMR subscribes to this channel,” and for a moment he worried that it might be more of the same “adult” content.  He clicked anyway.
as my cousin Eliza would say. He is weary at all hours of the day, he does not eat with the same zeal, he walks and talks with a listlessness that alarms his young sister. Nor will he burden her with any history of the Vessel Hill excursion that will illuminate for her his current low spirits.
to the realization that neither Dean nor Cas was in the car.  He sat up straight, all blurriness gone.  “Dean!”
He tried to stand still and scan every face until he found Cas, or until Cas found him.  He managed, for a minute, then he gave up and slumped against the wall, all the way to the ground.
She regrets leaving the Novaks alone with her family, as would any young lady of her age (as would we, dear ’Thea, though we have between us the sweetest of sisters!) but she trusts to Anna’s superior manners and good breeding to lend an air of elegance to the breakfast table. Thoughts of her freind always bring this same adoring smile to her face. She composes herself and pushes open Dean’s door. “Brother, you’re well!”
The house was in chaos on the day of departure.  Even with Jody and Alex a day’s march ahead, the din of so many women clamoring to pack, eat, be gone made the very beams ring.  Donna thanked her lucky stars that Claire had the command of this lot; she had her hands full just ensuring that everyone had a cloak covering her armor and not the other way around.  How they’d gotten stuck with all the young folk was beyond her, with Jody so much better skilled at whipping the chatty ones into shape.
Dean’s eyes widen in a comical manner and he is rendered completely speechless. “You?” he stammers at last.
“Ah but you have your own sister, whom you will see but rarely and at whose balls you would be loath to sit at tea, let alone serve.”
The Queen and her companions set off from camp at a quick march, but sunrise had yet to reveal the southern travelers.
Dean scratched at the back of his neck, before peeking back at Cas in the rearview mirror.  He was frowning.  “What?  You’re staring again.”
Linda frowned.  “That’s he-fae talk.  Even if she is a fallen angel, I think I can handle her.  Castiel is an angel and I watched you best them in sparring just a fortnight ago.”
“Yes. How very strange.” Jo smiles at the look the two men exchange. She is not deluded by her brother’s formal manners, not in the least, and she sometimes wishes that circumstances were different; were Castiel a woman, her brother would be a married and settled man with babies on the way, be they ever so poor.
Cas stared at the bottle of whiskey.  “I’m a fucking creep, too.” He caught Dean’s eye.  “I’ve watched your videos. I’ve-” He trailed off, face on fire.
“He’s got road rash.  He’s probably got rocks in his damn skin.  Oh Jesus, Cas, I’m sorry, man!  This is all my fault.”
“Say they do.  Say they troop the whole camp up to the prince’s palace.  Say they all get slaughtered with nothing to show for it.”
He stood slowly from his kitchen table.  He sat back down. He reached down to touch himself through his white cotton boxers.  He was fully hard, and the tip was wet against the fabric. For a moment he was grateful for his habit of dressing down upon returning home for the night, and not sitting here in his suit and tie, contemplating what he was contemplating.  He unbuttoned his fly and brought himself off, replaying the 15-second snippet in his head and watching in his mind’s eye as he and Dean came together, their cries of ecstasy a sweet duet in his imagination.
The path, if such it could be called, ended at a series of rocky mounts, overgrown with coarse briars.  Thorns ripped at their robes; the thin gauze of their capes hung in tatters.  Here there was sun, but a fierce one that beat down upon them and reddened their exposed necks and faces.
Sam cleared his throat, interrupting as gently as he could.  “What, uh, what kind of snacks did she pack?”
She preened.  “Would you like to hear what the bones say?”  He nodded again, and she collected the bones into her hands.  She rattled them, then let them drop to the tabletop. She peered at them, then back at Cas.  “He’s not what he seems, is he?”
“Sam!” exclaims Dean, and he rushes to embrace his brother. Whatever he and Mr Morningstar have plotted, Dean (and Jo) have missed Sam exceedingly and will not keep a cool distance. Both he and his fiancée are led most graciously into the room and invited to sit. “Will you have something to drink? I can ring for-”
Cas shoved the paper into Sam’s hands.  “I’m not a ‘people person,’ so you’ll have to start with this and go from there.”
His mood improved as Charlie read about Belladonna and The Old Took, and he applied himself to rolling each tie into a neat swirl, and tucking them into a smallish carry-on bag.  He chuckled at poor Bilbo’s attempts to resist the stranger.
He looks about himself, first to the door, from which the noise could not possibly have issued. As he glances at the latch, he spies a small movement out of the corner of his eye. Was it a trick of the light? No, an ancient tapestry depicting a young man and a unicorn wafts gently in an invisible draft! But below the tapestry, a thin sliver of light reveals to Dean the secret entrance by which the lord of the house has disappeared.
Kevan shaded her eyes and followed her mother's gaze.  She groaned.  "Yes.  I do.  She can't be that far away, can she?"
‘For six days and six nights the winds blew, torrent and tempest and flood overwhelmed the world, tempest and flood raged together like warring hosts. When the seventh day dawned the storm from the south subsided, the sea grew calm, the, flood was stilled; I looked at the face of the world and there was silence, all mankind was turned to clay. The surface of the sea stretched as flat as a roof-top; I opened a hatch and the light fell on my face. Then I bowed low, I sat down and I wept, the tears streamed down my face, for on every side was the waste of water. I looked for land in vain, but fourteen leagues distant there appeared a mountain, and there the boat grounded; on the mountain of NISIR the boat held fast, she held fast and did not budge. One day she held, and a second day on the mountain of NISIR she held fast and did not budge. A third day, and a fourth day she held fast on the mountain and did not budge; a fifth day and a sixth day she held fast on the mountain. When the seventh day dawned I loosed a dove and let her go. She flew away, but finding no resting-place she returned. Then I loosed a swallow, and she flew away but finding no resting-place she returned. I loosed a raven, she saw that the waters had retreated, she ate, she flew around, she cawed, and she did not come back. Then I threw everything open to the four winds, I made a sacrifice and poured out a libation on the mountain top. Seven and again seven cauldrons I set up on their stands, I heaped up wood and cane and cedar and myrtle. When the gods smelled the sweet savour, they gathered like flies over the sacrifice. Then, at last, Meg also came, she lifted her necklace with the jewels of heaven that once ANU had made to please her. "O you gods here present, by the lapis lazuli round my neck I shall remember these days as I remember the jewels of my throat; these last days I shall not forget. Let all the gods gather round the sacrifice, except Michael. He shall not approach this offering, for without reflection he brought the flood; he consigned my people to destruction."
The professor chose that moment to enter the classroom.  Castiel freed his hand and directed his attention to the front of the room.
Dean mimed checking his non-existent watch before refusing.  “I’d love to, but I got a thing.” He waved at his door. “Rain check?”
“I said we need to be up by six, but as long as we’re on the road before seven, we’re golden.  What do we have to do in the morning?  Just shove your shit in the trunk.  Want an ice cube for that, Cas?”
“Hey, cut the telepathic crap, okay.  I wrote the fucking book on telepathic crap, you got it?  Now.  Is there any
Dena and Sam had grown up in the old Queen's household, romping with Charlie and the others as kids do, learning warrior ways through pretend-play.  Charlie should have been in charge during those childhood assays on treeforts and four-poster palaces, but she was happy even then to cede control to her dear Dena, especially when it left her more time to stare at her most dear Jo.  The pattern stuck.  Charlie learned the art of war, but Dena embodied it, growing into a martial intuition for campaigning that hadn't been seen (nor needed) in several generations.  And the fae of Moondoor have long lives and longer memories.
Cas yawned again as he selected the right CD and passed it forward.  “Track one.”  He watched Dean so he could see the reaction when the music began.
Dean shrugged.  “I dunno, why can’t you cut your hair like a normal person.”  He made a goofy face, a lopsided smile and a little head wiggle, a laugh at his own joke.  More seriously, he added, “Anyway, it’s tradition.”
Dean shakes his head again. “I remember nothing but feverish dreams. And then all of a sudden, through the strange visions, I heard Castiel’s voice. It was some time before I awoke, but when I did, the fever was gone and Cas was here. He was holding my hand, and my other hand sat tangled in his hair, as if unconsciously, I had- Jo, I wish I could describe for you what I felt.”
They passed the first hour in stilted conversation, mostly small talk about packing and moving and about which courses Castiel had signed up for.  At some point, Carver began a long monologue about his latest novel, which was due to the publisher on Tuesday, though he still needed to tweak the ending, but that he “probably won’t have time because of you moving.”
Lord Novak does make his way to the dance floor as the evening comes to a close. Only a handful of dances remain before he addresses his first partner, Miss Winchester. She has danced only when Miss Novak attained a partner first, and then they have stood up side by side. It is clear that, though she acquits herself with grace and poise on the dance floor, Miss Novak does not dance for her own pleasure. Miss Winchester has a great deal more natural vivacity and zeal for the activity. When dancing with Lord Novak, however, she displays a good deal more calm, restraining her exuberance to match his more stately pace. The same can be said for her eldest brother, generally excitable but only too eager to slow his steps for Miss Novak, always his favourite lady at a ball.
She looked up, eyes wide and incredulous.  “What makes you think I would set foot in the Summerlands? SHE left us.”
“I told you, she’s smart.  Anyway.  She and Sam went on a Walmart run and left me there to put together their shit from IKEA, right?”  He could barely get the words out, he was laughing so hard.  “I take her key and I go into her room, and I don’t even know how I did it, I took all the shit off her bed and I taped it to the ceiling.”
URUK: Biblical Erech, modern Warka, in southern Babylonia between Fara (Shutrupak) and Ur. Shown by excavation to have been an important city from very early times, with great temples to the gods ANU and Ishtar. Traditionally the enemy of the city of KISH, and after the flood the seat of a dynasty of kings, among whom Gilgamesh was the fifth and most famous.
Towards the end of his third year at Stanford, Sam had become acquainted with another junior by the name of Castiel.  Nice guy, a little eccentric, had a habit of wearing essentially the same clothes everyday: a black or navy suit with a rumpled white dress shirt and a blue tie that was somehow never straight, and more often than not, completely ass-backwards.  And the whole ensemble invariably  covered by a well-loved trenchcoat, hot or cold, rain or shine.  Sam had only known him for about a week before he began to picture a closet full of a dozen identical outfits, hanging in neat little rows on matching coat hangers. Not that Sam had much room to judge: nine days out of ten, he could probably be seen wearing a flannel and jeans. Not to mention that he'd always been the type to organize his closet within an inch of its life, pants with pants, shirts with shirts, everything hung in order and sorted by color.
“This is my baby,” Dean said as he climbed into the driver’s seat.  He ran his hands along the steering wheel. “She’s a classic. 1967 Chevy Impala.”
Dean holds his breath upon perceiving the rustle of the thick draperies hanging from the canopy. A faint crack of firelight falls upon his tight-shut eyes, and still he would appear to slumber. Whatever lurks in the room watches him sleep. At length, Dean can tolerate the intrusion no more. Be it human or supernatural, Dean must countenance the interloper. Jerking his head towards the gap in the curtain, he opens his eyes.
“It is a beautiful place, Dean. Peaceful. Not like here. This place is so noisy, bustling; I can scarcely hear myself think.”
By midnight, the apartment was furnished, the closets were organized, the kitchen was coming together, and Castiel was beat.  Carver had conked out on the couch shortly after the movers left. Castiel frowned at the man snoring on his (now, really
He had the car unpacked and nearly all of the suitcases before his father made it to the unit.  Carver wasn’t very helpful, to no one’s surprise, though he did order pizza, along with crazy bread and a two-liter of pop.  Until the movers arrived, they had no dishes, so they ate off paper towels and drank soda from the bottle. Afterwards, Castiel remembered the travel mugs that were still in the car.  “I remembered,” Carver said, “I just really enjoyed having a rare bonding moment with my son, doing something Naomi would hate!”
“Cas,” Dean echoes.  He scoops up their two Herbology books, as well as a handful of soil instruments that their classmates left behind when the bell tolled for lunch.  “I’ve been hoping to talk to you sooner or later.”
“Can I ask you about, Ash?”  Kevan winced to hear the intake of breath the name occasioned.  “I’m sorry, you don’t have to-“
They lapsed into uneasy silence.  Carver flipped the stations as they headed out of range of the presets.  He found a classic rock station touting “Two-fer Tuesdays, Double Shots of all your favorites!”  Castiel popped in an Airpod surreptitiously to drown out his father’s version of “Horse With No Name” and watched the scenery whizz past.
me its attraction was like the love of woman. They helped me, I braced my forehead and I raised it with thongs and brought it to you, and you yourself pronounced it my brother.'
“I know,” Dena replied, a similar grin lighting her face.  “C’mere, you!”  She wrapped her arms around the angel’s solid shoulders, pulled them close until their lips touched hers.  “I missed you,” she murmured between kisses.
"Hell yeah, I'd be a 'personal chef' for a sweet set-up like this," Dean joked.  Half-joked.  Okay, he was pretty serious.  When Cas turned questioning eyes on him, though, he avoided his gaze.
Dean melts.  How could he not?  Their free hands intertwine, and Dean brings them to rest on his chest as he and Cas kiss under the stars.
Cas just grinned harder, and that glint in his eye turned evil.  He dug his fingers into Dean's hips and flipped him onto his back.
“Yeah, you’re one of the Americans.  I already know the other Hufflepuff and the three Slytherins, but you…”
“You know, Cas,” Dean murmured, smirking, “There’s something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time.  Six years, in fact.”
“I suppose that makes sense for now,” Sam mused, “but what happens when Castiel gets in the car?  He’s going to want a say, too.”
“No need to get all high and mighty, dude.  It was your turn to drive anyway,” Dean mumbled to Cas, though Sam heard every syllable.
Cas held out his arms in the dark and invited Dean to scoot closer. He slipped one hand under his neck and pulled him tight. "Your shoulders are very stiff."
homophobia; some sexual content, light bondage; mentions of past bullying, physical abuse, gambling, drinking; hella gay
"I been driving non-stop all day with nothing but a baby in a trenchcoat for company," he replied with more venom than was strictly necessary. Okay, maybe he was a little embarrassed to admit it, but yeah, Sam was right: the guy had grown on him. More than that.  Shit, why couldn’t he just grow a pair, for fuck’s sake?  He softened his tone with a small laugh. "Still can't believe you convinced me to drive halfway across the country the wrong fucking way to pick him up."
When she surfaced, she screamed, too.  “You skinny sonofabitch,” she yelled, then she pushed a tidal wave of water his direction.  Cas was swamped; Sam was soaked.
Dean’s hair is still a little damp, and he smells of woodsy aftershave.  Cas has a thick blanket slung over one arm.  It looks like he actually combed that bird’s nest he calls hair.
Dean --- ENKIDU: Moulded by Aruru, goddess of creation, out of clay is the image and ’of the essence of ANU’, the sky-god, and of Ninurta the war-god. The companion of Gilgamesh, he is wild or natural man; he was later considered a patron or god of animals and may have been the hero of another cycle.
“Take care of yourself, sir.  I’ve seen that you and your friends play rough.  But the Community Outreach mission is still active. If you, either of you,” she turned to Sam, “ever need us, just pray.  We’ll hear you.”
Dean apologized for not having much food on hand.  He stuck his head in the fridge.  “There’s not much here that’s edible.  Haven’t been shopping this week because of leaving town.  But we still got a little bit of Friday’s Chinese food, Sam, and (what is that, half a can?) of Spaghetti-O’s.  Oh, and a few frozen burritos, too.”  He turned around to catch their wary glances.  He looked again.  “We still have milk and eggs to use up, and a shitload of bacon.  Sam, check the cabinet for pancake mix.”
started it.  I think.  Anyway, point is, she can be stopped, but the real threat here is Sam.  He learned from the best.”
, though, so he starred the video, resolving to come back and listen to it tomorrow while he finished packing.  He clicked through to her channel. He found more titles in the Bedtime Stories for Grown-Ups series, as well as the usual roleplay videos: “Tending to Your Battle Wounds,” “Best Friend Does Your Cosplay Makeup,” “Hermione Helps You With Your Homework.”  She also had some interactive Choose Your Own Adventure videos. He wondered how that worked. This video was only 30 minutes, and it wasn’t so late yet.
“He’s gone to see my father- on some business,” she demures. “It is Miss Masters, she has fallen from her horse! I beg you will go to her!”
"Um. It's different by myself. I'm not damaged or broken; it's just, it's just my preference.  Not even preference."
As for the old families of the neighbourhood, they do not question the understanding between the Novaks of Elysium and the Hampshire Winchesters, so long as Lord Novak is pleased to give a ball once or twice (or more) in a twelvemonth. The Honourable Miss Novak, though not overly fond of a ball for her own pleasure, does herself credit, and her parties have been said to outshine those of certain court favourites. However, were you to ask Miss Novak what makes her balls so superior, she would reply that the vivacious Miss Winchester adds just the right sparkle to any setting. To see her laugh and twirl upon the dance floor! Her lightness of foot and easy smiles make the whole company easy and gay, and never do the gentlemen talk of a prettier partner than she, though she will allow none of them to win her. She is all contentment, and her delight inhabits every heart.
At night when he came to the mountain passes Castiel prayed: ‘In these mountain passes long ago I saw lions, I was afraid and I lifted my eyes to the moon; I prayed and my prayers went up to the gods, so now, O moon god SIN, protect me.' When he had prayed he lay down to sleep, until he was woken from out of a dream. He saw the lions round him glorying in life; then he took his axe in his hand, he drew his sword from his belt, and he fell upon them like an arrow from the string, and struck and destroyed and scattered them.
"No!"  She found herself face to face with the witch's daughter and her mother bodily holding her back before she realized she had moved.  She dropped her hands, twisted into claws, and balled up her fists instead.  "You're wrong.  You want me to think that so you don't have to help."
He could feel the heat returning to Cas' mouth, could feel the wickedly long tongue hot against his head. He didn't think twice when, panting, Cas pulled off and dove for the ice again.  “More, Cas.”
Castiel turned his eyes towards the voice, confirmed the face matched.  His vision whited out for a second, but not from head trauma.
“The Knight of Cups. How romantic.” She hummed and smiled to herself, then turning her face towards Castiel, she tutted.  “You didn’t tell me we were looking for a Love reading.”
So she baked loaves of bread, each day one loaf, and put it beside his head, and she marked on the wall the days that he slept; and there came a day when the first loaf was hard, the second loaf was like leather, the third was soggy, the crust of the fourth had mould, the fifth was mildewed, the sixth was fresh, and the seventh was still on the embers. Then Death touched him and he woke. Castiel said to Death the Faraway, I hardly slept when you touched and roused me.' But Death said, ‘Count these loaves and learn how many days you slept, for your first is hard, your second like leather, your third is soggy, the crust of your fourth has mould, your fifth is mildewed, your sixth is fresh and your seventh was still over the glowing embers when I touched and woke you.' Castiel said, ‘What shall I do, O Death, where shall I go? Already the thief in the night has hold of my limbs, death inhabits my room; wherever my foot rests, there I find death.'
Castiel liked the reading he’d just heard.  He tended to distrust psychics and witches, but he could appreciate a seer that purported to tell the bad with the good.  This month, if the Eastwind Witch was to be believed, would be a rollercoaster ride. She had seen the
“Shh,” and kisses him.  “Shh.”  He pulls himself onto his elbow, slides a hand under Dean’s head, kisses him again.
“Perhaps it is,” Dean allows. He pulls his husband close and kisses him breathless. “Congratulations, Castiel: you shall have not one but two daughters to grace your sad bachelor’s home!”
“Perhaps you should go, Sam,” Jo says, an uncharacteristic calm over her features and in her tone. “I shall speak to him further on the matter when he is quite equal to it.”
Involving Crowley had been her mother’s idea.  Kevan wasn’t sure that she was prepared to risk everything quite yet.  Or perhaps the only way forward was through the fire.
Away across an expanse of grass, he recognises the soft swell of land denoting the cleverly disguised ha-ha and the secret garden he knows to hide beyond the masonry wall. And traversing this land, a dot of fire shews him the path his beloved treads through the fresh dew. Should he follow, Dean will be wet through. He should go back, attire himself properly for an expedition. Yet despite the cold and the damp, it is summer, and he will live. He finds his feet drawn inexorably forwards, onwards, towards his love.
“I was being sarcastic.”  Sam paused.  “Really, though, Lilith Fair?  You’re, like, a hundred years old.  You do know that, right?”
The bus was late.  He spilled coffee on his tie, the blue one, and cleaning it off left a water spot on the silk; he wondered how uncouth it would be to flip it over.  He barely made it to his first class on time. Fortunately, his morning classes were in the same building, and he had time to gather himself in between.  He went to lunch feeling every bit as enthusiastic as he had at breakfast. He even arrived early to his Intro to Film class. The students from the previous class were just filing out.  He had his pick of seats!
The reactions to his horrible joke were better than Dean could have hoped for, and it made his heart light.  Sam frowned.  Jess doubled over with laughter.  Cas looked puzzled and remarked, “That’s not what moose say.”
He screamed for days as the wounds healed over.  As the last of his celestial nature fell away forever.
Emma is a great secret, held tight in Dean’s miserly grip. Not even his beloved Jo knows about her, the result of a careless affair some fifteen years ago, when Miss Josephine Winchester was but a babe in arms. Dean had not yet come into his inheritance, and
“Yeah.”  He was rather quiet through the playback of every Zeppelin song in Cas’ catalogue.  More than once, he mouthed the words silently.  Whenever Cas sang a few lyrics, Dean would shake his head softly and join him.  “What color is this one?” he asked once.
As fate (or an all-powerful narrator) would have it, Jo is alone in the small parlor when the Novaks are announced.
Cas chuckled, and the sound turned to a sob in his throat.  Tears he didn’t know were there suddenly spilled down his cheeks, and he pulled Dean into his lap, claiming a kiss.  “You’re gonna edit all this out, right?” he asked with a smile, almost daring him to erase this moment.
Fourteen-year-old Sam struggled again not to laugh.  He looked to see if Cas was joking (of course he wasn’t; did the guy ever joke?), then glanced back and found that Dean had fallen suddenly, completely, irrefutably asleep with an arm over his somehow very pink face.  “Okay, so if I go straight on Walnut?”
Okay, was that, “hey, we’re friends, let’s get a beer?”  Or was that a creepy, “oh yeah, you never drink, you must be a lightweight, let me get you drunk and fuck you.”  Shit.  Fuck.  Shitfuck.
“Dammit, Dean, I said to take the stairs!  Okay, I’m on my way back into the building now.  Just stay calm.  You must be broiling!”
Cas had come because he wanted to help, but neither he nor Sam really knew what to do.  Tracking and summoning demons was child’s play; they did it all the time.
A few minutes later, Dean came out of the bathroom in a long-sleeved shirt and pajama bottoms and stopped short, likely surprised by the sight of Cas in boxers. "Oh."
“I found the letter in my bundle of post, and I opened it before I knew. The accusations that you thought my father had made! I was both livid and mortified, but humiliation ruled the day and I- I burnt the letter before Sam could see.” She hangs her head, and Sam, after a brief glance at her bowed head, follows suit.
He startled when The Eastwind Witch resumed speaking.  He’d lost himself in the impossible hope of leaving sooner rather than later.
He waved a hand.  “Psh. I’m just proud of you for leaving the house.  I know that’s not really your thing.”
Cas let them both in.  “Shoes off. If you don’t mind,” he added, but with an air that belied the pleasantries.  Dean obliged. “And, um, make yourself at home, I guess,” waving towards the sofa. “Which film should I put on?”
Dean must have been overwhelmed, too, because he pulled away suddenly, gripping Cas by the biceps.  He fell to his knees with a cry, and Cas tumbled to the floor to support him. Dean was openly sobbing by this point, so Cas scooped him up as best he could, cradling his head against his chest.  He petted Dean’s hair and cooed soothing words at him. “Shh, you’re okay, Dean. I’m here. I’m always here.”
Cas sighed again, relieved, if a tiny bit furious at the actors’ trickery, and at himself for being gullible.
“Shh, nothing, Sammy, just Cas’ shitty music.”  His head jerked towards Cas to see if he’d heard, but he was still asleep.  Dean put a finger to his lips and stood up next to the car.  From the roof, he handed down a coffee for Sam, a red Gatorade for Cas, and a bag of road food: beef jerky, gas-station taquitos, and a can of those crappy shoestring potatoes that Dad always bought and no one ever ate until the money ran out.  “Here, breakfast of champions.  Don’t say I never got you nothing.”
“I know not, dear heart,” and Castiel disappears behind his newspaper while Dean makes himself master of the letter’s contents. Only when Dean rises and sets his feet to pacing the narrow passage between table and window does Castiel dare look up. “Are you well? Not your sister or brother, I hope?”
This day on which Dean dreamed came to an end and he lay stricken with sickness. One whole day he lay on his bed and his suffering increased. He said to Castiel, the friend on whose account he had left the wilderness, 'Once I ran for you, for the water of life, and I now have nothing:' A second day he lay on his bed and Castiel watched over him but the sickness increased. A third day he lay on his bed, he called out to Castiel, rousing him up. Now he was weak and his eyes were blind with weeping. Ten days he lay and his suffering increased, eleven and twelve days he lay on his bed of pain. Then he called to Castiel, 'My friend, the great goddess cursed me and I must die in shame. I shall not die like a man fallen in battle; I feared to fall, but happy is the man who falls in the battle, for I must die in shame.' And Castiel wept over Dean. With the first light of dawn he raised his voice and said to the counsellors of URUK:
“Are you jealous?”  Awkward though it was, it was as close to a flirtation as Cas had ever attempted (in Sam’s hearing), and Sam couldn’t help returning his smirk.
Cas snatched up the blue washcloth without really comprehending, until he noticed that his hand felt tacky where it rested on his stomach. Oh. "I'm sorry, I should have-"
Cas watched the video to the end, then he replayed it, leaving it on while he wrote up his Intro to Accounting notes.  Later, he fell asleep to it. Obviously, he was not the friend being soothed, but if he squinted, he could almost believe it was recorded just for him.
“I usually think of Led Zeppelin songs as black, but also … shiny?  This one is more green.”  Then more silence.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  “I was gonna grab one that I’ve already seen,” he replied, looking a bit embarrassed.  “Not that I have time for a rewatch.”
Dena laughed.  “By what, a shadow?  Seems unlikely!”  Cas shrugged and walked away from the fire, gaze turned out into the night.
His father opened his mouth and said to the trapper, ‘My son Adam, in URUK lives Castiel; no one has ever prevailed against him, he is strong as a star from heaven. Go to URUK, find Castiel, extol the strength of this wild man. Ask him to give you a harlot, a wanton from the temple of love; return with her, and let her woman's power overpower this man. When next he comes down to drink at the wells she will be there, stripped naked; and when he sees her beckoning he will embrace her, and then the wild beasts will reject him.'
Dean, Cas resolved to contribute to Dean’s Patronus anyway.  After all, it could be done anonymously, right?
Cas squared his jaw, raised an eyebrow.  Something in Dean’s face softened. His eyes still burned hard and bright, but his grin wavered.  Cas watched as his tongue flicked out over his lips. He imagined those lips tasted pink, like lip balm.  His own lips parted, and his mouth felt dry.
Sam started to chuckle over Cas’ airquotes, but when he saw how seriously his brother nodded, saw how steadily he watched Cas’ face, Sam swallowed the laughter and cleared his throat instead.  “If we’re gonna get back to Kansas tonight…”
“Apparently, I couldn’t,” Dean laughed.  “We called your name for twenty minutes at the border, and you didn’t crack.  We even sang.  It was really terrible.  No one should be able to sleep through that.  Now swap me places and let’s get a move on.”
Castiel did as he instructed.  He sat in one and put his backpack in the other.  Dean wasn’t far behind. He handed him a large cup, filled to the brim.  “Cream and two sugars.” He lifted Castiel’s backpack and set it neatly on the floor.  “Cheers, Cas.”
“Betrayal!” Dean exclaims, then falls silent. His reticence only grows as his sister’s story continues.
“I fail to see why I am being punished for Dean’s bad behavior,” Cas grumbled as he got thoroughly drenched
“What do you mean, apartment?”  Dean blurted.  He shook his head, wondering.  “Sam’s graduating at the end of this year.”   He saw Sam shoot Jess a look, which only increased his confusion.
“No.  I’m not discounting … what you say.  But I think the ingredients are wrong.  We’re missing a component.  What would make Dean drop this charade?  What would make him look beyond himself and his own self-loathing for long enough to talk to us?”
One hundred fifty-five dollars a month to his friend, and on both of their own terms.  Cas was pleased, knowing Dean wouldn’t know but wouldn’t object, either.
He looked around the room at all the boxes that still needed filling, and for just a moment he wished he could
The energy between them had turned weird all of a sudden, now that the movie was over and Dean had to leave.  And here was Castiel, seeming to pick a fight. He cleared his throat. “So, uh. Do you have what you need for the paper?  You can borrow the DVD if you need to.”
“I do not think it too serious yet, brother, but I beleive that he, at least, is in a fair way of becoming very much in love with her.”
"I mean.  I want you to stay in California with me.  And Sam.  Sam comes first, obviously.  But also with me.  If, if you’re interested.  You could have the third room.”  He hung his head and mumbled towards Dean’s chest, “Or stay with me.”
he thought with a chuckle.  But it didn’t work.  The way he’d act or speak with a woman felt somehow wrong in this scenario.
Dean shakes his head, smiling. He claims Castiel’s other hand and places a soft kiss upon the back of it. “May I shew you the roses?” he asks, his smirk unmistakable.
“Oh.  Sam let me know you were here, and it was worth the drive from Cali to see him a little early,” she laughed, wrapping herself around Sam’s arm and smiling up at him.  He smiled back like she was the only person in the room, hell, in the building, maybe the state.
Towards the end of the page, he found more options.  For $1000, a Patron could make suggestions for Patronus-only videos, ones that would never reach Tutube.  The implication being that these weren’t limited to puritanical broadcast standards. Cas clicked on the thumbnail next to this tier and received a pop-up message:
“Right.  Yeah.”  He nudged Sam’s leg, not enough to wake him: “We’re just pulling over for a drink.  You can stay asleep.” Sam grunted but didn’t stir; Dean slipped out his side, barely processing that the driver’s side door was open.
tavern, but do your business in places fouled by the vomit of the drunkard. Your hire will be potter's earth, your thievings will be flung into the hovel, you will sit at the cross-roads in the dust of the potter's quarter, you will make your bed on the dunghill at night, and by day take your stand in the wall's shadow. Brambles and thorns will tear your feet, the drunk and the dry will strike your cheek and your mouth will ache. Let you be stripped of your purple dyes, for I too once in the wilderness with my wife had all the treasure I wished.'
Ellen slid a plate of fries in front of them.  “Be a few minutes on the burgers, boys.”  Looking at Dean, she frowned.  “You okay, kiddo?”
“Yeah, except that kid has the roughest luck,” he replies calmly.  “Have you always been in this class period?”
‘When Michael had come, when he saw the boat, he was wrath and swelled with anger at the gods, the host of heaven, "Has any of these mortals escaped? Not one was to have survived the destruction." Then the god of the wells and canals Raphael opened his mouth and said to the warrior Michael, "Who is there of the gods that can devise without Gabriel? It is Gabriel alone who knows all things." Then Gabriel opened his mouth and spoke to warrior Michael, "Wisest of gods, hero Michael, how could you so senselessly bring down the flood?
"Night, Dean. Night, Cas!" And he tossed a flippant wave as he turned and walked back towards the elevator.
“I sent him on a commission to the milliner’s for a length of ribbon. I knew he was in low spirits, and I thought he would do well to escape aunt Harville’s watchful eye. It rained that day, harder even than it is now, but I never thought that he would walk there and back! He was wet through upon his return, and was abed before we were called to dinner. I have been with him almost constantly, and Mr Smith has been to see him every day. I do not think him much worse, but aunt Harville has her own fears. She does not think he improves as quickly as he ought, and I-”
“Yeah?”  Dean moved closer to take the cup out of his hands, but Cas wouldn’t relinquish it.  “You like it?”
The fire smolders redly in the grate, and Dean determines to draw the curtains around the bed. Perhaps a deeper dark will hasten his tired mind to its rest. To breathe, though, now, in this cloister, is to inhale the rich scents he suddenly associates with his freind; the crisp smokiness of warmed pressed linen, the mahogany he smells now from the headboard, lavender in the bedclothes. Sequestered in this cozy nest, he allows himself a measure of comfort, and perhaps a surer path to sleep. His strong hand elicits a low sound from his throat and he stifles the next into the pillow, thick and redolent with the smells he came to know in Lord Novak’s Hampshire seat. Even here, in the north, the same scent. His passion heightens, until a low dull thud of wood against stone startles him into stillness.
“You have both?  Damn, I love you!” But his face changed.  Even from the backseat, Cas could see his eyes go wide, heard him gulp.  Dean kept his face intently forward, and his knuckles looked painfully white from the force he used to grip the steering wheel.  “Figure of speech,” he croaked.
“If we take 56 west,” indicating the route on the map, “we’ll be in Stanford by dawn.  But,” he said, tracing a different path, “if we continue south on 15-”
homophobia, anxiety, depression, suicide; additional tags: college au, road trip, asexual Castiel, biromantic Dean, shipper Sam, self-diagnosed autism, autistic Castiel, Casa Erotica, multiple pov
It took Sam a week to gather everything and everyone.  The young people were checking up on a family of witches and didn’t get his message right away.  Charlie had only just started a new job since her return from Oz, so she had to trade time with another employee, and Garth's family had a new pup at home.  Jody and Annie and Mrs Tran were ready at a moment’s notice, but they had to factor in travel time.
“Yes. I have not forgotten the shameful way they treated you, she and Miss Masters. With Mother dead and our sister eloped, you were left to the mercy of two older brothers. Please beleive that we did our best to raise you as a proper young lady, but without a governess-”
Sam shook his head, his forehead wrinkled into a concerned frown.  “Dean, you’re not giving up on me.  I’m a big boy, I’m in college, I have my own credit card with my name on it and everything!”  Only Jess laughed at that. Dean, and Cas too, remained stoically silent, and Sam still looked worried.  “You understand that, right, Dean?”
From Saturday to Tuesday, Jo is in constant hope that every turn of the doorknob will usher in her dearest Anna and her noble brother, though she has had no note, not a word of acknowledgement. She is not the most capable of nurses, lacking the patience and discipline for long hours in a sickroom. What she lacks in temperament, she more than supplies in care. She is sensible of her patient’s needs, bringing fresh water and cool sponges for his forehead and covering him in thick blankets when he shivers. She speaks gentle words when he thrashes and holds his hand when he falls again into peaceful slumber. The other women leave her to it, aunt Harville interceding only once or twice with some piece of advice for Dean’s immediate comfort.
Dean does not speak. He can only sigh and struggle for breath as Castiel takes his pleasure, kissing every inch of Dean’s taut skin until Dean thinks that he would collapse under his warm lips and hot tongue, but for the bonds that hold him upright between the cold marble and Castiel’s fiery flesh. Passion pulses within Dean’s skin, and the deep throb of pleasure and pain drives Dean to the very edge of the cliff. With a breathless kiss, Cas joins his hands with Dean’s and they tumble together into the abyss.
“No, aunt, pray don’t,” Jo intercedes. ”I am a stout girl; I can manage him very well myself, as you saw Wednesday.”
Sam passed out in the armchair not long after the movie started.  (“He’s not used to all those carbs,” Dean had joked, while Cas nodded solemnly.)  Long before Merry and Pippin made it to Fangorn, even, so he missed Dean and Castiel discussing the helmet scene.
Dean sniffled.  He wasn’t done crying, nor was he actively trying to stop, but the sobs abated as he lay on the kitchen floor, clutching Cas like a life raft.  “I need a tissue.”
"For what?"  Dean pretended not to know; Cas declined to answer.  He watched Dean rummage through his bag on the other bed and disappear into the bathroom.
He deposited Dean on the right and moved to the side nearest the window. He burrowed right under the covers and made himself comfortable. Dean clicked off the bedside lamp before lying back on his pillow, staring up at the ceiling with his arms crossed.
Meg --- ISHTAR / INANNA: Sumerian Inanna; the goddess of love and fertility, also goddess of war, called the Queen of Heaven. She is the daughter of ANU and patroness of URUK, where she has a temple.
After twenty leagues they broke their fast, after thirty leagues they stopped for the night; in three days they had walked as much as a journey of a month and fifteen days. When the journey was accomplished they arrived at URUK, the strong-walled city. Castiel spoke to him, to Tessa the ferryman, ‘Tessa, climb up on to the wall of URUK, inspect its foundation terrace, and examine well the brickwork; see if it is not of burnt bricks; and did not the seven wise men lay these foundations? One third of the whole is city, one third is garden, and one third is field, with the precinct of the goddess Meg. These parts and the precinct are all URUK.'
Sam cleared his throat.  Just another casual change of subject.  “And we’re staying with him?  I thought I’d heard that he graduated early or something.”
“When she came forward at last, I had to act quickly. I mistrusted the post and so we have come ourselves to set things aright between us. Ruby has a peace offering to make.”
The tan Taurus pulled into the apartment complex at 6:15 pm.  Castiel already had the keys, but they stopped in at the management office anyway, so Carver could “put a face to the name” of the leasing agent he’d been in contact with.  As it happened, Becky was everything Castiel expected: blonde, bubbly, and completely starstruck. He didn’t want to watch his father “schmooze” (read: flirt), so he excused himself to go unload the car.
Dean looked like he should be nervous, like Sam’s laying a trap for him.  “Yeah,” he drawled.  “Is that a problem?”
When Dean heard glorious Chuck his angry heart grew quiet, he called back the curse and said, ‘Woman, I promise you another destiny. The mouth which cursed you shall bless you! Kings, princes and nobles shall adore you. On your account a man though twelve miles off will clap his hand to his thigh and his hair will twitch. For you he will undo his belt and open his treasure and you shall have your desire; lapis lazuli, gold and carnelian from the heap in the treasury. A ring for your hand and a robe shall be yours. The priest will lead you into the presence of the gods. On your account a wife, a mother of seven, was forsaken.'
But Meg rose up and mounted the great wall of URUK; she sprang on to the tower and uttered a curse: ‘Woe to Castiel, for he has scorned me in killing the Bull of Heaven.' When Dean heard these words he tore out the Bull's right thigh and tossed it in her face saying, ‘If I could lay my hands on you, it is this I should do to you, and lash the entrails to your side.' Then Meg called together her people, the dancing and singing girls, the prostitutes of the temple, the courtesans. Over the thigh of the Bull of Heaven she set up lamentation.
“Yeah.  My mom, my dad, everyone I ever-  I don’t have any family left, except Sam.  I thought of it as home, because I thought Sam did.  I mean, he always came back to Kansas eventually, right, so I thought-  But it’s not his, it never was.  Not mine either.  I’m suffocating, Cas.”  He peeked at his friend.  More than a friend.  Dean fell silent again, staring straight ahead.  He flipped the radio for a while before leaving it between stations.  “The sound of the universe,” Cas had called the static, “the music of the spheres.”
“Oh uh, we’re, uh, we’re trapped,” Dean replied, casually, so Sam wouldn’t worry too bad.  “In the elevator.  Between the third and fourth floors.  We’re fine, just uhh, slight mishap with the card reader.”
It was not I that revealed the secret of the gods; the wise man learned it in a dream. Now take your counsel what shall be done with him." ‘Then Michael went up into the boat, he took me by the hand and my wife and made us enter the boat and kneel down on either side, he standing between us. He touched our foreheads to bless us saying, "In time past Death was a mortal man; henceforth he and his wife shall live in the distance at the mouth of the rivers." Thus it was that the gods took me and placed me here to live in the distance, at the mouth of the rivers.'
Alas, the answer comes, there is nothing but silence from her brother as well. Silence, and a great well of sadness. Failing any proper means of assisting, the ladies devise a plan by which Anna will bring Castiel to London.
Now the trapper returned, taking the harlot Anna with him. After a three days' journey they came to the drinking hole, and there they sat down; the harlot and the trapper sat facing one another and waited for the game to come. For the first day and for the second day the two sat waiting, but on the third day the herds came; they came down to drink and Dean was with them. The small wild creatures of the plains were glad of the water, and Dean with them, who ate grass with the gazelle and was born in the hills; and she saw him, the savage man, come from far-off in the hills. The trapper spoke to her: ‘There he is. Now, woman, make your breasts bare, have no shame, do not delay but welcome his love. Let him see you naked, let him possess your body. When he comes near uncover yourself and lie with him; teach him, the savage man, your woman's art, for when he murmurs love to you the wild beasts that shared his life in the hills will reject him.'
“Josephine!” Sam is shocked by his sister’s poor manners, though not as shocked as he should be, had she been raised by a better model than Dean Winchester.
“You had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles, for you are wasting your time on me.” He turns on his heel and stalks away, and so misses how Castiel lifts his own proud head, squares his shoulders, and sets his jaw with a clench of teeth.
Cas frowns. “Quite improbable, certainly. I cannot guess how much your Emma has told you, but Claire writes that she has heard of our … arrangement. She hopes that it is true, as she must inform me that she has formed a similar attachment at school.”
It is for this reason that the sight of the proud Novaks of Elysium in Derbyshire going down the dance with the Winchesters of Hampshire becomes the favourite gossip in three counties. Lord Novak and his sister, who receive no one they have not known since their infancy, who visit only as courtesy demands, are known not only to open the drawing room of their temporary quarters at Garrison House to the likes of Mr Winchester and his vivacious sister, but also to grace the small sitting room at Chevrolet in return.
"I don't have to help," she shrugged.  "As we've already established, I can be of no service, and you," she scoffed, "you have nothing to offer me anyway."
Cas smiled, bent down, pressed a dry kiss to his lips.  He kissed his chin next.  Kissed a trail along his scruff on his jaw.  Nuzzled against the warmth of his pulse and sucked a small mark there before bringing his lips to Dean’s ear.  He nipped at his earlobe and soothed it with a light kiss.  “I love you, too, Dean,” he whispered.
“He is looking this way,” Mr Winchester tells her in a harsh whisper. “Pray stop talking. He can hear you.”
“No,” he says, lifting his head. “No, he will not. His name is not to be spoken here, so long as he- No.” Dean pushes himself from the sofa and stands somewhat shakily.
His face was altered like that of one who has made a long journey. With awe in his heart he spoke to John his father: ‘Father, there is a man, unlike any other, who comes down from the hills. He is the strongest in the world, he is like an immortal from heaven. He ranges over the hills with wild beasts and eats grass; he ranges through your land and comes down to the wells. I am afraid and dare not go near him. He fills in the pits which I dig and tears up my traps set for the game; he helps the beasts to escape and now they slip through my fingers.'
Intelligence came into camp on the third day: far from complying with diplomatic requests for the return of a well-loved and decorated warrior of the Queen's guard, the emissaries from the Summerlands informed their counterparts that the western realms would henceforth be subject to the rule of Sam of Winchester, rightful ruler under the authority of no one quite knew who.  Furthermore, these same emissaries immediately begged for asylum.
They breathed each other’s breath, half ready to fall back into one another.  They inclined their foreheads together, and Dean dropped a hand from Cas’ hair to his stubbled jaw.  He pressed his palm into the bristles, and Castiel nuzzled into this touch. His thumb traced circles on the smooth skin of Castiel’s cheek, rubbing away a tear, then another.  Dean brought his other hand to his chest, covering Cas’ fist, joining their hands over his heart, feeling the rise and fall as he caught his breath.
Dean caught on right away, and jumped on the excuse a little too eagerly.  “Yeah, right, no, we couldn’t … do … anything.  Sam and all.”  He took a deep breath and scrubbed his hand through his hair.  “But you’re okay with-”
He jerked his head towards the front door.  His father stood there in his ratty old bathrobe, the one he never would let Naomi replace, no matter how much she fussed.  He pulled one earpiece out.
Jody and Donna led the way to the eastern safehouse in Nebraska Hollow.  There they intended to collect the other eastbound warriors before marching north under Charlie’s banner.
It took Dean a moment to catch his breath, what with the body blow and the heavy ex-angel astride his waist, and when he turned his eyes from the ceiling, he found Cas’ and sighed.
“Whatever!”  He shook his head and blew out a breath.  “So yeah, I don’t know where the hell I’m supposed to find the time or the money to go to school
Castiel replied: 'Where is the man who can clamber to heaven? Only the gods live for ever with glorious Chuck, but as for us men, our days are numbered, our occupations are a breath of wind. How is this, already you are afraid! I will go first although I am your lord, and you may safely call out, "Forward, there is nothing to fear!" Then if I fall I leave behind me a name that endures; men will say of me, "Castiel has fallen in fight with ferocious Lucifer." Long after the child has been born in my house, they will say it, and remember.' Dean spoke again to Castiel, 'O my lord, if you will enter that country, go first to the hero Chuck, tell the Sun God, for the land is his. The country where the cedar is cut belongs to Chuck.’
“Like I said, puppies.  They’re rambunctious, but I promise, they’re harmless.”  He put his arms out under the water and grabbed ahold of Cas’ hands.  “If you don’t want to-”
“Oh.”  He hesitated a moment, thinking, then turned his body in his seat so he could face Dean more fully.  “If you’re hungry, there are leftovers from breakfast in the box there.  Assbutt.”
“Can it wait until morning?  Claire had last watch, and Jo’s up in an hour.  They’ll want to hear what’s going on.”  Cas nodded, but a doubt remained.  “What’s that look, Cas?”
And of course, Dean, who had spent such a long time negotiating with Sam for the privilege of driving him to school for the start of his last year, balked at sharing the trip with a guy who lived a whole day out of the way. Somewhat reluctantly, he had agreed to call the dude and hammer out the details, and somewhat reluctantly, he had hung up after almost two hours.
Clarence --- ISHULLANU: The gardener of ANU, once loved by Ishtar whom he rejected; he was turned by her into a mole or frog.
Not that Sam wasn’t pleased to see how well, how quickly Cas adapted to life as a human.  To the life.  Truth be told, Sam knew that Cas always had been a warrior, that traveling with a couple of bumpkin humans had always been taken by his brethren as a pretty serious step backwards.  Still, he was proud of his friend, and told him so.
The ladies gasp and cling to one another, and Lord Novak manfully asks if he is well enough for visitors.
“Look, guys, stop!” Dean barked, stepping out of the doorway.  He held his hands out, looked from one to the other.  “Everybody chill out, okay?  Look, we’re playing right into its little game.”
“Here you go, kiddos.”  The bartender was back and dropping a couple of menus on the bar top.  “What are you fellas drinking?”
She smiled again, coy as a cat with a mouse.  “Och aye,” she agreed, and looked calmly around her for her tools.  “Yes, we’ll need these, I think,” pulling a deck of cards from a low shelf behind her, “and these, definitely,” palming something from the table before her, just out of view, “and,” she clicked her tongue, thinking. “Ah!” She stood, turned, stepped nimbly onto the chair, and extended her full height plus the elevation afforded by her sky-high stiletto heels to take something from the top of the adjacent cabinetry.  She was back in a blink, cool and composed. She spread the three objects before her: an aged and weathered tarot deck, a handful of tiny bones, and a pink stone, a crystal of some sort. “There now. I’m going to shuffle these cards and I want you to think very carefully about your question. What do you wish to know?” She shuffled the leathery old cards, almost too wide for her hands, while he concentrated on her movements.  “Tell me when.”
Dean considered his meaning.  It didn’t take him long to recognize the date: “You pulled me from perdition.  Again.”
That seemed to be the end of the page, but the scroll bar indicator was still pegged around the middle of the range.  Cas scrolled further, past an image of the generic Patronus footer. A screenful of blank space followed, and then numbers reappeared.  These were nearly identical to those at the top of the page, but these were for the AdultSkate videos, and the prices had gone up by a factor of ten.
It occurred to Cas that maybe they were two halves of an “It’s Complicated” coin.   Dean said he wouldn’t know what an emotional attachment would even look like. Meanwhile, Cas craved it.  He wanted to win back that feeling of intimacy that he had shared with Meg in the early days of their relationship, the coziness that had been obliterated after he lost his virginity.  He had long feared that he’d never find anyone who would agree to an adult relationship with him ever again, without the promise of an active sex life. And now both he and Dean seemed to be arching towards compromise, towards emotional and sexual compatibility, where none should have existed.  Yin and yang. Cas thought he could see a solution to their equal and opposite roadblocks: the answer was trust, respect, and friendship.
Cas suspected he was lying to avoid him, but he put on a fake smile and replied, “Sure.  Another time.”
As Sam disappeared into the twilight, Cas cornered Dean, pressed him up against the granite countertop and smoothed his hands along his sides and his chest, ostensibly straightening his shirt.  He kissed him once, sweetly, without much heat.
He checked off the invitees as they arrived, and when his list was complete, he went inside to assist Sam.  He found the library quite full.  Krissy and Josephine draped over the comfy chair opposite Aiden and Melissa.  They were chatting with Jody’s daughter about hunting, probably trying to recruit her, if Sam’s prediction could be trusted, and Cas could just make out Josephine mentioning to Annie that Melissa had also been obligated to take the cure.
The fair-haired beauty prattles on: “He was at the ball last week, in the company of Mr Lefroy. There was not a lady in the room who could attract his gaze, though Miss Jane did try. I thought she would turn absolutely monstrous- she was wild to dance with him! The coldest, most unfeeling a man who ever cursed a ballroom with his presence. No, dear brother, I do not find him attractive in the least. I am by no means-”
With a shake of his head, Cas replied with a second kiss.  This one deeper, with more of a promise.  “Do you love me, Dean?” he murmured.
By the time he came back to himself and looked around, he was standing outside Caesar’s Palace.  “Sonofabitch,” he muttered.  His shirt was soaked; he was sweating through his outer flannel, too.  “Ugh, what the hell.  Why’s it so hot?”  He trudged into the icebox that was the lobby and made for the bathrooms.  He stripped off the outer shirt and splashed cold water on his flushed face.  Pressing a wet washcloth to the back of his neck, he texted Sam:
Cas stared up at him.  Considering.  Dean started to worry when he saw the head tilt to the left, but in a good way.
“What, you beating off to my videos?”  He laughed and slapped Cas on the back.  “You’re alright. Hey, you eaten? I could really go for a Moons Over My Hammy right about now.  My treat?”
At a quarter to four, as Sam was wading through a series of voicemails detailing his brother's latest girl drama, Castiel called back and had to leave a message: "I'm sorry for the delay, Sam; I'm still delighted to have you as a roommate. I hope we can meet this summer; otherwise, I will see you in the fall."
working.  But it lights up, does the … thing,” making a motion with his fingers.  His eyes blazed.  “Cas, you’ve seen the movie, right?”  He cracked a Gatorade for Cas and a Coke for himself.
Gabriel --- EA / ENKI: Sumerian Enki; god of the sweet waters, also of wisdom, a patron of arts and one of the creators of mankind, towards whom he is usually well-disposed. The chief god of ERIDU, where he had a temple, he lived ‘in the deep’; his ancestry is uncertain, but he was probably a child of ANU.
When ANU heard what Meg had said he gave her the Bull of Heaven to lead by the halter down to URUK. When they reached the gates of URUK the Bull went to the river; with his first snort cracks opened in the earth and, a hundred young men fell down to death. With his second snort cracks opened and two hundred fell down to death. With his third snort cracks opened, Dean doubled over but instantly recovered, he dodged aside and leapt on the Bull and seized it by the horns. The Bull of Heaven foamed in his face, it brushed him with the thick of its tail. Dean cried to Castiel, 'My friend, we boasted that we would leave enduring names behind us. Now thrust in your sword between the nape and the horns.' So Castiel followed the Bull, he seized the thick of its tail, he thrust the sword between the nape and the horns and slew the Bull. When they had killed the Bull of Heaven they cut out its heart and gave it to Chuck, and the brothers rested.
He must have looked insane, because Dean treated him like he might explode.  He took his hand very carefully and led him to the couch. “Sit. I’m gonna bring you some water.”
He leaned down to kiss the smirk off Cas' face.  He cupped the back of his head to pull him closer. But he pulled back at once, frowning.  “Cas, you're sweating.”
Dean took the heaviest bag and toted it to the trunk.  “Any of these need to go in the cab?” he asked as he returned for a second.
"You're sure this is the right way, Mom?" Kevan called as she struggled to the top of her fifth giant boulder.  Her fingernails bled from scrabbling for purchase in bare rock.  Her shoes, thick leather boots that should have lasted many more campaigns, showed signs of wear at the tips of her toes.
“Oh.  Anna purchased a few things for us when she did the shopping yesterday.  She suggested that bringing food to share would be a good way of showing my gratitude to you for driving so far out of your way.  She wanted to drive me as far as Lawrence, but it wasn’t feasible with her schedule.  She has to take the boys to summer camp in the morning and she’s meeting with the guidance counselor for her daughter-”
“Um.”  Dean rolls his eyes toward the ceiling and pouts.  “You mean, what if I’ll just always be miserable, no matter-”
This author cannot speak too highly of Lord Novak’s beauty. His blue eyes that glow with an ethereal grace, his dark hair, unruly and mussed in a most shocking manner, the dear cleft in his chin, though all suffused with a haughtiness to mar the whole. Certainly Miss Winchester shivers to feel the ice in his stare, as her sunny smiles fall before his cold countenance on the dance floor. He does not smile as he dances. He does not make small talk nor does he seek to plumb the depths of human philosophy. Nor indeed does he pay his young partner much mind at all, his eyes fixed on the man before him in the dance, as if he might lose a step if he should fail to follow.
Cas ignored him, poring over each track list, deciding.  “Okay, I think this is the one.”  He popped it into the player.
“They’re digging in the wrong place!”  Dean cried, along with Sallah. He looked up to see if Cas had also recited the words.  Cas had not, and was rather startled, in fact- he hadn’t been paying attention to the dialogue.  But he grinned back at Dean. His enthusiasm was contagious. Cas slunk down to the floor to sit beside him, and Dean bumped him playfully with his shoulder before turning back to the movie.
Maybe Sam the Fifty-Foot Cupid read more into it than Dean wanted him to, because he almost immediately volunteered to run over to the warehouse to pick up their boxes.  Even though it was eight o’clock on a Sunday evening, and there was no way in hell that it would be open.
If he was mapping out this prediction correctly, the week of confusion and despair would be upon him any minute.  He weighed his options: he could let it happen, or he could search out better answers. Opting for the latter, he clicked the link to her Patronus.
She smiled and looked fit to purr with smug pride.  “Aye, I thought so. And since you’ve been so good as to tell me your name, I’ll tell you mine.  It’s Rowena, dear, and only ‘Rowena.’ Let’s have no more of this ‘ma’am’ business.”
Dean was bolting a third piece of pizza, but he nodded.  He drank some water. “Yeah, no, I don’t have a DVD player.”
“Well, compared to the others.”  They fall into an easy silence as they walk back to the castle, towards the Great Hall.  At the door, Dean solemnly hands Cas his textbook, his bright eyes never leaving Cas’ face.  “I’ll see you in Divination, then,” and he rushes away, ostensibly to find his captain.
“Not the best idea, granted.  We were just gonna have one, I swear.  And then I saw the pool table.  Cas had never played, Sammy!  I had to show him how-”
He slips into the ha-ha, dropping gracefully over the wall, and crosses through the iron gate and into the garden. Past an orchard of sweet apples, past the wild apples on the periphery, he chases the light of Castiel’s torch. He nearly overtakes him before Castiel abruptly halts.
Castiel’s countenance falls, and his eyes slide downward. “The men who called at your aunt’s. I fear their intentions, or rather those of their master, in regards to Anna and her fortune. And you. I had to move my sister to a place of greater safety.”
Cas was still asleep, too, so Sam quietly flipped over to his iPod.  Dean, just dropping off, flinched at the opening to “Spice up Your Life.”  Bastard was gonna listen to that atrocity for
Dean couldn’t say anything for a long moment.  He couldn’t look at Cas, either.  Nervously licking his lips, he swiveled in his chair and stared down at the bartop.  “You shouldn’t.”
“Cas?” Dean looks from Castiel’s wide blue eyes to his lips, pale and full (much like yours, my dear), and he wets his own, well-shaped like the cupid’s bow, and quite pink, as you have happily observed. Castiel raises his hand again to Dean’s face, but now he holds his cheek, cupping it as tenderly as a lover. He can have only one meaning; he brings his lips to Dean’s. Castiel kisses Dean, a gentle first kiss, unburdened with declarations of love, true and otherwise. He merely kisses him, and yet the eloquence of it answers every thought yet unsaid.
Dean pulled back from Cas too fast and his head swam for a second.  “Whoa.  Uh, Landshark for me; he wants something pink.”
They picked their way through the southern woods.  Though the sun had begun to rise, the path before them grew ever darker.
Dean/Castiel, Jo/Anna, Sam/Ruby, implied Krissy/Bela/Cassie, implied Castiel/Meg, Dean/Lydia, Castiel/Amelia, Claire/Emma; Jane Austen/Alethea Bigg
Since that grocery trip in which he learned the identity of his upstairs neighbor, Cas had endeavored to be on the porch as often as possible, but casually.  Unfortunately, Castiel did nothing casually. He’d found a nice set of wrought-iron garden chairs and a little table to fit the space. He started having his morning coffee there.  After school, he stayed outside with his laptop while he studied or wrote. When next Cas saw Dean passing into or out of his apartment, he’d be as friendly as possible. He wanted desperately to flirt with him, but he didn’t know how, exactly, to do that.  He figured that inviting Dean to study with him seemed safest.
To Castiel’s delight, his mother agreed to let them get on the road at ten o’clock.  She accepted a kiss on the cheek from her son as she wished him a pleasant trip and instructed him to call when they got to the apartment.  She waved to her husband, who was already in the driver’s seat and honking for Castiel.
Cas frowned.  “Okay, Dean.” He was rewarded with a quick kiss.  He got himself into position for filming. “I’m ready when you are.”
“You were expecting someone else?  What the hell is this shit, Sammy?  Don’t you know I don’t belong here?”
Dean reappeared with a glass of water and a bottle of whiskey.  He pressed the water into Castiel’s hand and pulled two more glasses from his robe pockets.  “Why don’t you tell me what’s going on?”
“The plan is, major in business, get an MBA, land a high-paying job.  Personally,” this time it was Castiel who lowered his voice, “I’d rather teach.  I’m told that accounting professors can ‘write their own ticket,’” he finished with airquotes and a wink.
“Okay, Dean.”  He was staring, watching Dean as he stood, gathered his notebooks, put on his shoes.  Dean was almost out the door when Cas remembered to move. “Wait, your pizza!”
But he didn’t need to watch the hidden video to see that the thumbnail showed a shirtless Dean, rather than a flickering candle or a suggestive still life of ripe, juicy peaches.  So these videos probably contained nudity. Cas blushed, yet continued scrolling.
He did, and he couldn’t see anything but the guy in his class, the paper that wasn’t getting written, and the confusion over- “Love.”  He sat back hard against the seatback. “Dean?”
Arrayed in new and borrowed fashions, the Winchesters arrive before any other guests and immediately make themselves very much at home. Much to Sam’s surprise, and with no small measure of mortification, it seems that his brother and sister assume an equal share in the hosting of the party as the Novaks. Indeed, there is Josephine taking tasks that should belong to Miss Novak; there is Dean greeting guests at Lord Novak’s side. True, the ball is, nominally, in celebration of the younger Winchester’s visit home, but he feels his brother takes too many liberties, intrudes on the kindness of the lord of Garrison House.
.  Made him realize the kind of asshole lines he usually used.  He shuddered and returned to picking apart the nonsense he had actually said:
Sam knew these people.  Sam liked these people.  Cas was happy to learn their names, escort them the short distance from the road to the Hobbit Door, and direct them down the long corridor to the front door and the main staircase.
Castiel nods, “Perhaps you are correct. Or perhaps,” he muses, his eyes flashing back and forth as he deliberates, “I can appeal to Mr Morningstar.”
As Dean shyly pressed a whisper-soft kiss to Cas’ hand, he heard a murmured, “Domo arigato.”  He started, but it was just Cas talking in his sleep.  Still unconscious, he pulled his hand away and curled his body towards the passenger door.
Cas’ vision whited out, and he gasped.  “No,” he whispered. Frantic, his eyes darted to the upload date: “One week ago.”  He had seen Dean since then. He breathed out, several deep breaths, but he still felt agitated.  He let out a sob, flapped his hands until he could breathe normally again. He wiped his eyes and hit Play.
“-are in love. Yes.” Cas’ eyes soften and his lips curve upward. “Perhaps it is a family trait, this unwillingness to conform to society’s wont for procreative marriage between the sexes.”
“Good.  He’s got a tough life, and some would say it’s of his own making.  But he’s tougher.  And he can slog through the crap, but he won’t let anyone else slog through it with him.”
Castiel took the pizzas from the woman at the door and gave her a twenty and a ten.  “Thank you.” He slid the boxes onto the coffee table. “Sorry, I thought it would get here sooner.”
“Oh.”  That was worse, and Dean couldn’t explain why.  He was ready to be furious at some elitist prick looking down on his baby brother.  And with their upbringing, it wouldn’t have been the first time Dean flew into a rage to defend him.  But this?  Cas with a crush?  On Sam?
“Of course.”  Cas took the offered brew and sipped it politely.  “I have a report.  It seems the unseelie court are-”
So Cas was concerned when Dean’s hands left his hair.  He waited a moment, listening for movement. He heard Velcro.  Dean was removing the microphone gloves. If Dean needed to edit out whatever-was-happening, Cas didn’t want to wreck the continuity by opening his eyes, so he stayed perfectly still.  Soon he heard, “Ahem.” Dean clearing his throat. But the noise came from a foot or two from where Cas sat. He opened his eyes, and his eyes tracked downward. There knelt Dean, his downstage hand behind his back.  Castiel sucked in a breath, eyes wide. “Dean?”
At breakfast, she explains that the fever has broken and that she left him sleeping comfortably. Just as she excuses herself to check on the patient, Lord Novak enters the dining room, greeting his hosts and begging forgiveness for retiring before he could do so properly upon his arrival.
Dean smiled.  “No, you don’t.”  He thumped the steering wheel.  “Tell you what, find a few songs we’ll both like, and when we swap out drivers at Castiel’s place, you can listen to whatever Lilith Fair crap flips your skirt.”
“Did you not know that I’m an astrophysicist?  I think I can push a ball into a hole with a stick,” he retorted.  “Anyway, I won fair and square, and I was polite, too,” with emphasis.  “I said ‘Thank you’ when I took the money from the table.”
He didn’t realize that he’d zonked out until he woke up at the house, Sam jiggling his leg, telling him to get out and help.  He could see Cas at the front door, fiddling with the lock in the glare of headlights; he’d run ahead to unlock the door and to check that all was in order.  As he reminded the Winchesters, his brother could be something of a trickster.  He wanted to ensure that nothing was amiss.  Meanwhile, Sam and Dean loaded their arms with luggage.  Cas flipped all of the lights on and let them in, directing them to leave the bags in the foyer until he could give them the grand tour: master suite on one side of the house, two smaller bedrooms with a shared bathroom on the other, common areas in the middle.  All furnished in a lavish modern style, geometric shapes paired with sumptuous fabrics and rich colors.
he pleaded.  He could almost see where the card needed to go, to slide the clasp out of the lock.  His card was getting mangled. He wedged the card in as far as he could and thrust his weight against the door.  It gave! He tumbled into Dean’s tiny foyer and fell onto the stairs.
“Hey Dean,” she smiled, giving him a quick hug and a peck on the cheek.  “And this is Cas, right?  Nice to meet you!  I’m Jess, Sam’s girlfriend.”
The term of endearment threw Cas momentarily, but he beamed.  He took Dean’s hands and kissed his knuckles. “Ready?”
Castiel opened his mouth and answered glorious Meg, ‘If I take you in marriage, what gifts can I give in return? What ointments and clothing for your body? I would gladly give you bread and all sorts of food fit for a god. I would give you wine to drink fit for a queen. I would pour out barley to stuff your granary; but as for making you my wife - that I will not. How would it go with me? Your lovers have found you like a brazier which smoulders in the cold, a backdoor which keeps out neither squall of wind nor storm, a castle which crushes the garrison, pitch that blackens the bearer, a water-skin that chafes the carrier, a stone which falls from the parapet, a battering-ram turned back from the enemy, a sandal that trips the wearer. Which of your lovers did you ever love for ever? What shepherd of yours has pleased you for all time? Listen to me while I tell the tale of your lovers. There was Duma, the lover of your youth, for him you decreed wailing, year after year. You loved the many coloured roller, but still you struck and broke his wing; now in the grove he sits and cries, "kappi, kappi, my wing, my wing." You have loved the lion tremendous in strength: seven pits you dug for him, and seven. You have loved the stallion magnificent in battle, and for him you decreed whip and spur and a thong, to gallop seven leagues by force and to muddy the water before he drinks; and for his mother SILILI lamentations. You have loved the shepherd of the flock; he made meal-cake for you day after day, he killed kids for your sake. You struck and turned him into a wolf, now his own herd-boys chase him away, his own hounds worry his flanks. And did you not love Clarence, the gardener of your father's palm grove? He brought you baskets filled with dates without end; every day he loaded your table. Then you turned your eyes on him and said, "Dearest Clarence, come here to me, let us enjoy your manhood, come forward and take me, I am yours.' Clarence answered, "What are you asking from me? My mother has baked and I have eaten; why should I come to such as you for food that is tainted and rotten? For when was a screen of rushes sufficient protection from frosts?" But when you had beard his answer you struck him. He was changed to a blind mole deep in the earth, one whose desire is always beyond his reach. And if you and I should be lovers, should not I be served in the same fashion as all these others whom you loved once?’
Here it was, two weeks later, a ghost, two low-level lackey demons, and a mop job concerning a rogue vamp in Chicago later, and they once again found themselves gravitating towards the useless old library books.  Hundreds of resources on angels, of all things, and barely a mention of Cain’s Knights.
“Yes.  There were some threats made, some assurances on their end that if I just prayed harder, I’d- But the final straw was my father’s assertion that I would break my mother’s heart when (not if, you understand, but when) I died of AIDS.”
“You sure you’re okay with this?”  Dean asked. He looked a lot more nervous than Cas felt.  As if this was his first sex tape, not Cas’.
9:00 - coat (wallet, keys,etc), backpack (pens, notebooks, PLANNER, Monday textbooks); leave house; bus to campus at 9:20
"Huh. Scheming sonofabitch," Dean chuckled. He tried to affect a careless smile. "Well, whaddya say? Get some shut-eye?"
Dean grimaced.  “Ehh, I’m a cam girl, basically.  I smile at ’em on camera and flash ’em my tits.  I’ve done worse.”
“The kitchen is all brand-new,” Cas explained, “at least since Gabe acquired the house.  He had it all redone as a favor for his ‘personal chef.’”
Then Castiel and Tessa launched the boat on to the water and boarded it, and they made ready to sail away; but the wife of Death the Faraway said to him, 'Castiel came here wearied out, he is worn out; what will you give him to carry him back to his own country? So Death spoke, and Castiel took a pole and brought the boat in to the bank. 'Castiel, you came here a man wearied out, you have worn yourself out; what shall I give you to carry you back to your own country? Castiel, I shall reveal a secret thing, it is a mystery of the gods that I am telling you. There is a plant that grows under the water, it has a prickle like a thorn, like a rose; it will wound your hands, but if you succeed in taking it, then your hands will hold that which restores his lost youth to a man.’
"We need your help," Linda continued, not heeding the voice's complaints.  "Come down here or let us in."
“Shut up, I’m entertaining the patient.”  He kicked gently at Cas’ foot.  “How you doing, by the way?”
Dean rolled his eyes and slapped at his cheek.  “Jesus, we’re still almost two hours from the border.”
Dean sat back on his heels.  “I like you a lot. But think about it: how is this gonna work?  You don’t like sex, and my whole job is sex.”
Cain --- MAN-SCORPION: Guardian, with a similar female monster, of the mountain into which the sun descends at nightfall. Shown on sealings and ivory inlays as a figure with the upper part of the body human and the lower part ending in a scorpion's tail. According to the ENUMA ELISH, created by the primeval waters in order to fight the gods.
Dean jumped up and ran to his computer.  “You saw this? How? Did I post it? Oh my god, this is bad.”
“Okay.  Um, Dean, we were talking and we were concerned that maybe you … maybe you needed some time.  A break from Sam.”
Dean didn’t respond, just took a couple more bags in his other hand and followed Castiel to his front door. Standing there on his doormat, he could - had he wanted to - knock on his and his neighbor’s simultaneously.  The upstairs door was at ground level, leading to an interior staircase. Castiel knew he shared a porch, he knew he had an upstairs neighbor, but he really hadn’t considered the situation any further than that.
The elevator doors slid smoothly open when Dean jabbed the UP button.  “Shall we?  Here take these.”  Cas took all three drinks and settled cross-legged against the back wall as they started their ascent.  He sipped at his Big Gulp.
He sits beside him all the night, nodding in the simple chair at the bedside. Once, Jo enters to fill the pitcher at the dressing table should Castiel have need of it, and once to fix the fire so that the maid will not disturb their tête-à-tête. The second time, she is not so shocked to discover the baron kneeling beside the bed and sound asleep, his head pillowed on his hand and Dean’s, clasped fast. She approaches only to lay a gentle hand upon her brother’s forehead. It is damp but quite cool.
Imagine, if you will, though, a very different scene: a sunny morning, in the smaller breakfast room at Elysium, the one the gentlemen prefer for dining
He nodded.  “Good.  Yes.  Perfect.  So, I guess that’s it.  Make yourselves at home.  But don’t get too comfortable.  Stay alert, okay?”  He waited as everyone nodded and muttered various affirmations.  He exhaled sharply and turned to Cas.  “You ready?”
“Yeah, of course, idjit,” Sam said, and it made Dean smile as it always did when anyone stole Bobby’s gruff turn of a phrase.  “Will you come up?”
Upon the conclusion of Dean’s tale, Cas bows and asks only, “You permitted them, the neighbourhood, your family even, to think the worst of you-”
He is out of bed before he can quite comprehend the whole. ”We must away; Friday we depart for Derbyshire.” He knows he is well as he races indecorously to find Jo and press the letter into her hands.
SIN / NANNA: Sumerian NANNA, the moon. The chief Sumerian astral deity, the father of Utu-Shamash, the sun, and of Ishtar. His parents were Enlil and NINLIL. His chief temple was in Ur.
Cas looked at it.  “This isn’t a date?  You pick me up at my apartment and hold out your arm for me?”
When it was ready, Dean plopped the bowl on the seat next to Cas and sat close so they could share.  “I never cook much for myself, but Sammy doesn’t know that.  Whenever he’s home, I go nuts.  Blow the whole food budget for the week on fucking Taco Night.  I dunno.”
DILMUN: The Sumerian paradise, perhaps the Persian Gulf; sometimes described as 'the place where the sun rises' and ’the Land of the Living’; the scene of a Sumerian creation myth and the place where the deified Sumerian hero of the flood, Ziusudra, was taken by the gods to live for ever.
Gasping, Dean broke the kiss.  “Shirt off.”  He fumbled with the buttons for a minute, trying to keep Cas’ hands on his back, his mouth on Cas’ neck, and also getting the goddamn shirts off.  Finally, he knocked Cas backwards and straddled him so he could focus.  But Cas wasn’t making it easy on him, rolling his hips up against his ass so Dean could feel every hard inch of him.  “Fuck.”
“Nah, I can finish the movie, but then I gotta scoot.”  He tapped his fingers on the table. “Actually, I probably should find some dinner.  Thanks anyway,” and he started scooping up his belongings.
He untied the bow and found a seam.  He pulled, and the paper fell away, revealing an ordinary cardboard box.  Just a reused shipping container. Nothing mysterious at all. He noticed that The Eastwind Witch had scratched out her own address with a Sharpie.
No, it was just a simple difference of taste; he was sure that they could make it a house rule or something, no music in the common areas.  And Cas seemed like a good guy.  He liked things to be neat and orderly, didn’t complain much.  Hell, didn’t talk much.  And really, if Sam could tolerate living with Dean, he could room with anyone.
Jo returns first, her enthusiasm for Dean’s scheme glowing in her eyes. She rushes straight to Anna to share the news, but she finds that the older girl has, as ever, divined it from thin air.
“PS- Practicing magic without a witch present can be dangerous, blah blah, I’m not responsible for your inexpertise, blah blah blah, don’t burn down your house.  No refunds.”
Dean rings for champagne and a tray of cold meats, and the joyous family celebrates past dawn and well into the breakfast hour.
The next night, Castiel opened TuTube in search of some calming bedtime ASMR.  Immediately, his feed was full of ImpalaASMR videos. He groaned.
But Dean was looking back into his eyes, with an earnestness of his own, and Cas felt even more confused.  “Ahem. Anyway. Thanks, Cas. See you tomorrow.”
“Indeed: even under Mr Smith’s care, you languished for four whole days, and the apothecary nearly despaired of you.”
“Just thinking, Cas.”  She turned her head and claimed a kiss.  She hadn’t realized how chilly she was until she felt the warm lips on her cheek.  “Mysterious ways.”
In URUK the bridal bed was made, fit for the goddess of love. The bride waited for the bridegroom, but in the night Castiel got up and came to the house. Then Dean stepped out, he stood in the street and blocked the way. Mighty Castiel came on and Dean met him at the gate. He put out his foot and prevented Castiel from entering the house, so they grappled, holding each other like bulls. They broke the doorposts and the walls shook, they snorted like bulls locked together. They shattered the doorposts and the walls shook. Castiel bent his knee with his foot planted on the ground and with a turn Dean was thrown. Then immediately his fury died. When Dean was thrown he said to Castiel, ‘There is not another like you in the world. Amara, who is as strong as a wild ox in the byre, she was the mother who bore you, and now you are raised above all men, and Michael has given you the kingship, for your strength surpasses the strength of men.’ So Dean and Castiel embraced and their friendship was sealed.
Dean stayed awake just long enough to watch Sam’s reaction to the Quad City DJs.  Satisfied to see his brother scrabbling for the power button, he chuckled and propped himself against the back door, arms folded across his chest and one leg flung across the whole backseat.
Dean liking Cas, gee, who had called that?  He spared a fond smile before turning his full attention to the melee.  Cas was panting, last man standing.  Careful to stay in his line of sight, no sudden movements, no surprises, Sam called out his name and reached for his sleeve.  “Dude, it’s over.  C’mon.  Dean!”
“Sam, he tried to shake the guy’s hand.  He was halfway through a ‘Good game’ when the guy grabbed his hand and twisted his wrist behind his back.”
Castiel double-checked that he was watching an ImpalaASMR AllAges video.  Which was silly, because this was the channel where Dean showed his face. Castiel was in luck- the video was brand-new, posted just fifteen minutes ago while Castiel had pottered about, laying out clothes and supplies for his first day of college.  He had been on his own for almost a full week and he had watched the full catalogue of AllAges videos. Obviously, he got a certain pleasure from the AdultSkate videos, but he had to admit that he preferred the AllAges channel. He could lose himself in Dean’s gorgeous … well, everything.  Eyes, smile, his smirk, and the way his eyes crinkled in the corners. And when he winked - god, Castiel suddenly understood the meaning of the phrase “sex appeal.” Dean had it. He was, undeniably, hot. He was so beautiful, it hurt. More than once, Castiel had felt a pang in his stomach, knowing that the man was completely out of reach.  Even when - perhaps especially when - he watched the AllAges videos, he found himself falling asleep to fantasies of kissing those improbably pink lips.
