Sherlock and John need to escape China, they have only three hours to get out of the country and back to the safety of 221b. With Sherlock in serious pain it proves more difficult with every painstaking second that passes by. How are they going to get home?
"For the first time in your life Sherlock, you are going to hear these words and you are going to believe them. You. Are. Wrong." Sherlock looked up at his friend and their eyes joined for the first time during this conversation. Sherlock smiled, no one had ever fought for him before. John returned the same smile. He lifted up a hand and pointed at Sherlock as if accusing him of belligerence. "Sherlock you push everyone that cares about you away, I don't know why, I don't know if you are even aware of it, but if you are and you think it improves your work, you are wrong. People help people. Friends help friends. I Sherlock, me, I am not going anywhere. Even if I annoy the fuck out of you, I am not leaving. I have never felt so alive and so needed in my entire existence, and I served in the army for fuck sake!!" Both men shared a comforting laugh. "Yes you hurt people, your words hurt me just now Sherlock, but I am stronger than anyone you have ever met in your whole god damned life and you can say anything to drive me away and I promise I will only meet it with a stubborn nature and an unmoved mind. I will not walk away from this, from what we have created, I will not walk away from you."
“Sherlock will you let me join you on cases indefinitely? I mean we may need a tester period, you may not think I’m right for it but..”
Molly then took a small key from her white lab coat left pocket and preceded to open up no.23. As her body was being pulled out on a metal sort of tray, John finished reading and announced, “by the sounds of it Sherlock the suspicion is justified. She has marks on her wrists, mouth and neck almost like she was bound. I think we should check her arms and jugular veins to check to see if something has been injected into her system. Has the toxicology report come back yet Molly?”
There was moment of silence, only the whirring road beneath could be heard until Sherlock said quietly, "seven deadly sins." John responded immediately, "sins?" Sherlock made a hum indicating a yes, before going through his thought process. "Lust, divorced with three children, marriage maybe fell apart from an affair, especially ironic as he was a reverend, there's a motive, Gluttony, you saw him with your own eyes, big fat self righteous man, could've just been a case that the murderers didn't like him, his stature or his character, people have been murdered for less, Greed, the gold chain alone suggested maybe he lost everything else gambling, long shot before you rub it in, there is also the accusation of trying to wrongly claim the Dupont fortune, the man liked money and lots of it, Sloth, again he was fat but he was also initially a clergyman, that's a lazy job if ever I've heard one, so again not a nice character, not easy to get along with, Wrath, we know he doesn't get along with gay son, so he's a homophobe and potentially an avid racist, if there isn't another kind of racist, KKK connections, so to not accept people as nature intended then suggests he's an angry sort, maybe there was an unforgivable incident of racism or homophobia which wildly escalated, Envy, the man tried to steal Dupont fortune and he is in politics, so he had an ego to feed, envy causes the worst in people, Pride, proud patriot, religious division, not forgetting the American Christian Academy he never shut up about. John to be honest I would guess that if you and I met him in life we'd probably want to kill him too." With that silence was achieved and they'd only managed to keep Sherlock occupied for six minutes after the initial announcement of boredom. John just said "right." They were in silence for another ten minutes before John asked, "Sherlock do you like car games?"
"Because the chase is on Watson! We'll get access to one at Scotland Yard, we need to find the address for her, crime scene, it's just as informing as the body, Lestrade will tell us where she lived."
‘Why would he do that to me’ he thought. Now John was sad. His eyes rested on the floor and he shakily breathed, “Sherlock Holmes you are going to tell me everything.”
Sherlock and John continue their first case together, they make their way to Scotland Yard and meet with Lestrade. On hearing Anderson's future involvement, Sherlock throws quite a tantrum...
After Sherlock’s speech he stood and clapped once before grabbing his coat and running out the door and down the stairs.
Sherlock and John have managed to get out of the smugglers den and they assess the damage in John's hotel room. Sherlock is very injured. He has been tortured and John needs to step in to ensure nothing gets worse than it already is. They have four hours to leave the country, in any case they may have got the information they needed despite what they have had to endure. How will they get out is the next problem...
I'm so sorry it has been quite so long, 31 days to be precise since the last chapter was posted, this month has been one of the hardest ever but I am absolutely brilliant now, and I am on my Christmas holidays so I will try and write as often as possible, which hopefully will be often x
“Alright then” John accepted. It was very early in the morning at this stage, what with the length of the flight and the time difference, and the two men needed some rest. “Sherlock I am going for a quick nap, besides I think the hangover might be kicking in.”
It was getting particularly late at night, and by the time the pair had reached the port at Calais, the night air was already causing the flowers to shrink and the grass to glaciate. There would be definite dew when the sun made its reappearance. Floating vessel docked without problem, rather loudly maybe was the only criticism; it's complex pump system spluttered beneath the water and the boat shook its way into still as it bounced along the pier. As they disembarked from the crypt of the ferry, immediately it was only French voices that could be heard. Both Sherlock and John were exhausted; it had been a particularly long day. Sherlock drove them to their destination; it was a quaint bed and breakfast over looking the marina. Perfect when the hunt is for a boat. Both men, now on automatic, had several conversations with staff members before being shown up to their hotel rooms. (This time they did in fact have different rooms, unlike what they had in Minehead,) the pair said goodnight and so John dropped off his clothes, threw them in a pile and crashed into the bed, not acknowledging his surroundings one bit, he fell into a deep sleep.
And just like that the back doors of the car where opened and the two men where pulled to their feet. Then their ankles were tied together. If John felt stuck before this made everything ten times worse. The two men were then carried by what felt like three or four big men, before being forcefully sat down and tied to a chair. John didn’t know if he was with Sherlock anymore, he really hoped he was.
Sherlock pulled out the letter from anonymous and handed it too Lestrade, who took it by his nails. On reading it Lestrade said, “well they are right of course.”
John’s jaw dropped. He meant a consequence, but not this consequence! He hadn’t been drunk in god knows how long. Were they comfortable enough with each other to do this yet?! “Sherlock are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Once more John went to protest but found he was beaten to it, “he isn’t my boyfriend Mrs. Hudson, he is my doctor and I didn’t run away, Mycroft forced me into rehab. Which has resulted in John living with me for the foreseeable future, if not forever, I am going to skip all the questions and just assume you are okay with that. He will help with rent and he is incredibly tidy much to your joy I’m sure.” Sherlock gave a clearly forced smile, which made John have to bite his lip in an attempt to not laugh.
Since the day he asked John ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’ he had selected most of his words to tailor John. He implicated his language because for once he wanted someone to understand, he wanted more specifically John to understand. John needed to know what wove itself together in Sherlock’s head. They were partners. Literal partners that ran about London and solved crimes.
“Of course not but I hoped it would be enough. Brother you know I have access to every CCTV camera in the city, all I have to do is get my pigeons to find you and whomever you’re working with and give them the same threat I gave Lestrade.”
John and Sherlock get ready for the day together (Sherlock shower sings and John fluffily looks after Sherlocks feelings like a cat would its kittens) then an encounter with a reporter at breakfast over a case has John and Sherlock talking about their sex lives.
“I don’t accept that Sherlock, I am more than likely not as smart as you” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Yes alright, I am not as smart as you Sherlock, undoubtedly so, but I think I understand human emotion enough to call bollocks on this lonely persona you have created because you believe it will help you in your work. People protect people Sherlock, especially good people. I think you’re the one who has much to learn.” On John’s last word he leaned over and moved his offensive castle from D6 to D3, taking one of Sherlock’s pawns at D3.
On the twelfth day John handed in his leaving notice and said goodbye to all his colleagues and patients he checked on often. He had enough money for a while, as the severance package was pretty good. The main problem was that he lived at his job. The building had accommodation so he lived there, he was at work 24/7, or close to it. He had to be there for patients anyway, but where he would live for now, who knows? Sherlock put his book down at one point on the eleventh day because he’d had that same realization.
"So chaps which is it? Baker Street or Scotland Yard?" asked Raj. Both passengers nodded at one another then spoke in unison "Scotland Yard." So the taxi pulled out the terminal and commenced it's fairly long journey to right at the heart of London. The case was spoken of the most and Sherlock asked Raj out of pure interest, much to John's amusement, "Raj do you like murder mysteries?"
Everything was a complete blur. John sat in the back of the ambulance, there were two people hovering over Sherlock, hooking him up to machines, slowing bleeding and preparing the hospital via phone of the what would be needed as soon as they arrived. Occasionally they asked John questions about how Sherlock came to be this way. John was too distraught to say anything of use. He would shake his head or just cast his eyes to the floor, unable to utter a syllable. Most of the time he tentatively watched Sherlock and the machine that monitored his breathing. Hoping that neither would stop. John more than anything just wanted Sherlock to open his eyes. To tell John that everything was okay and that he would make it through this. For Sherlock to promise that he wouldn’t leave. Sherlock always kept his promises. John knew that. They’d known each other maybe a month, and he knew that. He could not go back to what life was like before he met Sherlock. He couldn’t physically imagine it. As Sherlock was wheeled out of the ambulance and down a ramp to the tarmac, John couldn’t help but cry. His eyes stung and he wiped his face of water, he had to keep control for a little while longer.
Sherlock replied whilst seating himself on the dead woman’s sofa with paper in hand “yes, and write it, speaking it is a different story though, I struggle with the linguistics.”
Sherlock began to stand and when John did the same, torch still in hand, he asked rather alarmed, "how the hell did you know that it was a stabbing?!" Sherlock removed his gloves, tossed them on the sand to be momentarily collected before doing up his own coat button and then pocketing the chain he'd inspected earlier. "Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth." Whilst very poetic, John was not satisfied, he forcefully ripped off his own gloves, threw them down and spat "Sherlock I want to know how." Sherlock gave a weak smile, now he really was starting to feel over tired, adrenaline starting to wain, he spoke calmly, "I went through improbable and probable options, it made sense is all, it is the only one that fitted." John was angry at his own feeling of stupidity but he he took the anger out towards Sherlock, "that's not good enough, I don't understand how you, how you do that, how you just see it!" Sherlock put his left hand through his curls feeling potentially a bit uncomfortable, "John, I don't understand how you can look at the sea and be so emotionally affected when I feel nothing at all."
“Well John, one is a Doctor, the shorter one, you can tell by the tan lines on his wrists and the length of his tie, the other, the taller man, is a sociopath detective, you can tell by the curve of his nose and the crook of his brow.”
Looking him straight in the eye with an assurance that both of them knew could not honestly be given, “Sherlock we will get home. We will be back in 221b, we will get you fixed up and we will solve this case. These men who have done this to you, I will not stop until they are put behind bars. We must hurry, and the pain you feel now, it will not be forever, it’s only three hours Sherlock and then we are safe.”
?" Sherlock expressed his confusion, "John I just told you, we are on a boat to France," John shuffled uncomfortably, feeling vulnerable that he was not being understood, Sherlock saw it and tried to rectify the situation, "John I thought you'd had a marginally good day, what's changed that? If you are tired you can sleep in the car and I will drive the rest of the way." John still stared at his feet and began hesitantly.
They silently sat and read the letters, the only break of silence would have been when Sherlock went to find a piece of inconsequential pen and paper from somewhere in Eleanor’s apartment to make some form of note on what he may or may have not found. Besides that for a good twenty minutes the men worked silently next to one another. When John put the papers down, Sherlock looked over at him to find a John who could do nothing other than stare at the wall, lips tight shut in fear that the information he had just learned would somehow escape via his throat. Sherlock tried to coax it out of him, “What is it John?”
“Well Sherlock, I think you have got through the worst of it, and if I am with you I can check signs and prevent you don’t use again as much as possible. I think having a doctor around will be good for you.”
Sherlock and John commence their first case, and it all starts with an anonymous letter and a discussion ensues before THE GAME IS ON.
John practically jumped up in excitement for Sherlock finally being awake!! But Sherlock quietly hushed him with “John, John it’s okay I’m fine, everything is going to be okay, I promise, thank you for everything.” Sherlock pushed John with his hands on his shoulders, stronger than John thought possible, back down to a near-enough relaxed seating position. Their heads remained close, and their bodies were parallel, as if mirroring and reading one another to be perfectly in tune. John smiled a toothy smile, happy that his man was awake. Sherlock was awake. Awake and well. Yet, there was something, a flicker, just in an instant, everything seemed to change. Sherlock’s eyes cast down to John’s… mouth? Yes definitely his mouth, and John, now self-conscious licked his lips. Sherlock without re-catching John’s gaze closed his own eyes and went in with the assurance of a deity, and their lips connected.
Sherlock had a bishop located in F1 that could come in handy at this point, however if he solely used the Bishop it would take two moves to reach the castle, which may be one more moves than he can afford. But Sherlock wanted to appear brave to John, he could choose an easy option and move his King directly behind the pawn at D3 making John’s using the castle to take the King impossible. But Sherlock was a gambler, he knew that playing safe in this world was boring anyhow. Sherlock silently moved his Bishop from F1 to E2. His Queen was protected but he now looked bold in his choices. John smiled at his option. It’s definitely not what he would have done, but it was good to learn that Sherlock didn’t play safe. John wished he could be more like that. So many times in his life he was avoided risk at the fear he’d lose control. Maybe that was something he could learn from Sherlock in the future. Now it was time for a really offensive move.
Arriving at Paddington forced Sherlock to cut his reading short. They ascended up the escalators two steps at a time and at the top John was even momentarily out of breath, Sherlock on the other hand bounced towards the screens. To Sherlock he had no preference when it came to train stations. He simply needed to get from A to B. A was a train terminal in London, irrelevant which one, B was the crime scene in Minehead, Somerset, South West of England. John on the other hand really preferred Kings Cross over Paddington. Kings Cross had recently been renovated, and it was brilliant. Clean, functional and well designed. The boards where huge and forced everyone to look in the same direction, like a herd who had been notified of an animalistic warning call, it was uniting. It was popular with the tourists, due to the brilliant Harry Potter series. They had a shop dedicated to it, and there was always a huge queue to get a picture taken at the trolley that was built into the wall with the
in French, two parts coffee liquor, five parts vodka and cream, all poured over ice, it cannot be shaken otherwise the cream may curdle, stirred only" said Sherlock all whilst stirring his own drink with the provided spoons. "How the bloody hell are we supposed to get past all this?" John huffed, gesturing to the tower of whipped cream. "Improvise Watson" said Sherlock, who then proceeded to swab an index finger to the peak of the cream and then suck it off his finger. John did the same, and by god it was sweet. The room seemed to settle all of a sudden, a wave of steady washed about them and the boat no longer rocked.
"I don't know, it's just, it is just that it is hard, I find living hard some times." Sherlock stood alarmed and ready for action, "no, no not like that! Sorry, no sorry I don't mean like that." Sherlock backed down relieved, and put a hand down on the railing, John sighed frustrated at his apparent lack of vocabulary, he squeezed the back of his neck with the free hand and tried again. "What is the point in all of this? Why are we trying to avenge this mans death by finding justice in any of it, this Paul Delaney character seems like the bad sort, and any way if something happened to you, or to me would some one investigate our deaths as much as we are with this mans? Why should this dead guy on a beach, why does his death matter?" John became more impassioned with ever syllable, Sherlock listened calmly but inside fear began to grip him. A tiny negative piece of his core, had been waiting for this moment, a shake in John's loyalty to this, a question as to why it was that Sherlock did this. He had an answer already prepared, he had for almost as long as John had had the question, justifying his work to all who breathe was a day he had mastered; he stood tall and stared his doctor in the eye.
ashdhfouwafwufnjwdklmsioeuygfgvbnmkloiuyfdesxdaftgsyuidoklmnbvgftyuiolkjhdsatfykwdvkwgeuyhidjsbdfiuwegfqbwej
Once again Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to speak. On reflection of their laughing fit, Sherlock had never actually laughed, properly laughed to tears like that. It was like he’d gone into shock; he needed one of those orange blankets the police gave out to victims. The shock had made him quiet. John was maybe someone he should keep around. He could keep up with a case right? The fact that his words were ‘take me on a case.’ ME. He wants to go on a case. He is curious, everyone else has been scared of the work, not that Sherlock has ever made the offer, but everyone has grimaced in horror, apparently normal people cannot cope with death in any regard. But John, John has seen it all already; he’s an army doctor for fuck sake. If anything maybe he misses it. Maybe he needs it just as much as Sherlock. Sherlock should keep a hold of John. He might be the only shot of a friend he had.
John swung his head around to face Sherlock in one swift movement; his words were slow and calculated like the words were as fragile as glass. “One letter is from her father, it’s trivial but insightful about character I suppose, and he is worried about her for sure, looks like she has had some dark times in the past. The second letter though, I think it’s from anonymous, the handwriting and the wording is similar, remember you pointed out the language used? It’s the same, but they are not a relative as they said in the letter sent to us, they are most definitely a lover in the letter in my hand.” Sherlock immediately took the letter in question out of John’s hand.
About six hours in neither were sleepy, even though it seemed the entire rest of the flight consisted of everyone asleep. They had to keep themselves occupied. “Sherlock have you ever been to China before?”
By the time he’d done this John was still scrabbling around the flat looking for the book, to be fair to him he had only officially lived here for less than eight hours, and of those hours he’s spent 10 minutes in 221b itself.
Stopping in his tracks on the silent road all bar the whistle of the waves a mere hundred yards away, Sherlock placed his bag upon the floor, raised his heels in a polite bob and took the short walk to the stranger who so needed him here. Arm out stretched he said, "Detective Chalmers I take it? You know who I am," on finishing a short shake of hands, Sherlock gestured towards John and continued, "this is Doctor Watson, my assistant." John and Olivia shook hands and spoke a short polite 'hello' and a 'nice to meet you.' Olivia was very young, she was definitely not what John had expected, her accent was local and broad, and her youthful face made John feel very old indeed. It was understandable why she would ask for help. By the time that was all done Sherlock had already recollected his bag and had begun walking towards the beach, John and Olivia watched the detective make an increasing gap with long determined strides. Without turning around he instructed the pair of them still dawdling stoke still, "to the beach, an investigation must begin." Without question John half walked, half jogged, to catch up with his flat mate, Olivia took a second longer; clearly she had no idea of the protocol on this, and even if she did, it had evidently never begun like this before.
John stood speechless, he couldn’t argue with the logic, but he could argue with the action. So unusual, and wrong. I guess it reached its aim. Sherlock succeeded he supposed. Bold or stupidity either way what was done was done. John admitted defeat, shrugged his shoulders and put the kettle on. As he made Sherlock and he a cup of tea he asked “Sherlock how do you take it?”
As both men departed the plane, one on his back and one on automatic, John could not help feel as if he was falling down a rabbit hole. So deep, that getting yourself out will require every ounce of your soul.
On arriving at Sycamore Avenue, Anderson got out the key to the front door before reaching the gate. The house was shrouded with hedges so you could only see the second story. It was a grand house, double fronted with big windows. Completely symmetrical. Almost gothic in its demeanor.
Sherlock almost laughed, “You think Lestrade is the only detective I have wrapped round my finger? They’re all idiots! They all need me!”
“Reading has ruined many of my relationships. I can’t ever seem to stop reading about my profession. I have an addiction it seems myself.”
So standing on those docks with Sherlock scrambling around, and the old man on land, John mostly just stood, bobbing with the water only inches beneath him, and looked at the moon and its reflected light on the water. That is until Sherlock caught him out, "John you're doing that thing again." John put his hands in his coat pockets self consciously, "what's that?" Without looking at John, he replied, "liking the sea." John let out a 'ha' noise only as long as a breath. They looked at one another and both John and Sherlock shared one of those moments they seem to be having a lot lately. It's all so surreal but it feels so natural, as if it has already happened. Here they were, nearing midnight, on a floating pier surrounded by boats, one of which most likely belongs to a murderer of an American Governor. This morning they were case less and in London, and now a new mystery needed to be cracked and apparently the two of them were the only ones capable of doing it. Both parties felt this way, why is it happening to me? What have I done to deserve this? To deserve him? A friend and ally. A kindred spirit. How did I get so lucky? It did not need to be voiced. Sherlock smiled coyly and placed the torch in his mouth so he was hands-free; the back end of the torch between his teeth made his grin particularly infectious.
“Well it’s a threat really, a dangerous one, it’s indirect but definitely something that would make Eleanor at least panic, it’s given us a motive, but tracing this back to the organization is not going to be easy to place. Funny normally you find who did it before you find the motive. Guess this one is the other way around.”
Sherlock and John shared a mutual laugh, and Mary felt a pang of jealousy at the fact that she was not aware of the private joke. So much so that maybe she should leave them alone. What if Sherlock figured out who she was? Who she really was? Potentially she should be as far out of Sherlock’s life as possible. A wave of panic hit her.
Sherlock began a chuckle before saying “Oh, I don’t know John I rather enjoyed it. We appear to have forgotten our lasagna, I imagine it is quite cold at this point.”
On driving to the hotel John could do nothing but stare out of the window in amazement of the diversity and huge skyscrapers that Shanghai had to offer. Half of it was new build, and they other half was more like what John expected, the Chinese style housing that you see on Television or in films. Slanted roofs, symmetrical windows and stairs leading up to the front door. It was as if two centuries had collided together. All Sherlock could do was watch John stare out of the window in amazement. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was, to meet someone like John. He had never wanted someone to approve of him before, but Sherlock wanted to impress John. He wanted to feel respected and liked by John. This case was peculiar, and definitely a good one for the new partners in crime to start on.
On opening his eyes Sherlock lay beside him in no pain at all, but rather he was laughing so violently that no sound was actually coming out of his mouth. His whole body was just shaking and his knees were up at his chest because his laughing convulsions were so insistent. What made it funnier was the torch was still on but had been dropped in the kafuffle and now it rolled behind their heads, illuminating their shadows at their feet in a flurry of movement. John joined with a very high pitch giggle, which in turn made Sherlock noiselessly laugh even more. Sherlock rolled around and even clapped the deck of the boat with a leather-clad hand. John still clutching the bruised knee even snorted and Sherlock laughed so hard tears starting to leak from his eyes. Then their laughter was interrupted by the sound of the ancient police officer that had literally slept on the job. “Oi, you can’t be on there!” Their shenanigans had clearly awoken him. His rickety old voice in his broad accent did not cease the laughter of the duo, if anything it aided it. Being caught occasionally is funny it seems, it added to the entire ridiculous nature that had apparently become their lives. They continued to roll around and finally Sherlock’s laugh became full form, loud and bellowing. It was only when the old fella’ a while later said “I could lose my job!” was the point when Sherlock and John started to do that sighing thing that people do after a full blown laughing fit. A continuous effort began to take deep breaths and try to not descend into a moment of happy madness once more. Still trying to hold it in, Sherlock and John lay on their backs and they looked one another in the eye to finally tempt them back to reality.
He hopped about the room like one of Santa’s elves, getting down on his hands and knees to look at every hemstitch in the tartan rug placed under the wooden table located in the center of the room, then from the same position on all fours, he looked under all the furniture, and once he had done that he climbed the furniture, settling upon a table top (much to Anderson’s protest) to look at the top of the closets, cupboards and bookcase.
“She was thirty-four and she was bound by rope at the point of death, but it was removed after death.”
“I did tell you that the garlic bread would be better.” John took a bite out of his bread and waved his hand to encourage Sherlock to eat.
“Greg?! Lestrade your name is not Greg, where the hell did Greg even come from?! Are you attempting to trick John, don’t lie to him, I promise you he is safe.”
Anderson attempted to locate some pride, “Well, it’s disrespectful, you can’t just go looking through a dead woman’s mail.”
“John I can’t do it, just tell my brother the dickhead that therapy went well, we have a lot of money he’ll buy you a yacht or something.”
John finished reading and looked up, once again confused, "how do you know all this?!" Sherlock sighed, threw his hands up in the air and dramatically heaved "does it matter?!" John nodded violently, "yes!" Sherlock sighed once more and he said in a hushed tone making John have to lean in further, "Whilst you were getting the tickets, I met with someone and paid them for information." John jumped back into his seat, "what? How?! We received the email like an hour ago!!" Sherlock didn't move and spoke calmly still, "John be quiet, people are looking, I have been in this work for a very long time, I know people, I'm connected. There are people out there in every city globally who will find out anything for you, at a price. Whilst you were packing, I wrote an email from my phone to one of these connections. It's vital to this work, especially when time is of the essence." John was aghast, London truly was more complicated than he ever imagined. John just said, "right yeah. How do they do it?" Sherlock finally sat back, "no idea." John made a mock surprise face which made Sherlock giggle, "Sherlock Holmes, no idea?! Well I say, I might ring the papers! Because frankly it truly is newsworthy." They then began to both properly laugh in unison. A case awaited, an interesting case with a shit ton of leads thanks to Sherlock's 'connections.' The game was on.
John sat and thought for a moment. He was right, things would change, and they would go through difficulties, it was unavoidable, but ultimately it would be worth it, and Sherlock was right, the job would consume almost everything, but that is what John wanted, at least for now.
The tent had a thin pole at each corner with which, police tape wrapped around the outside of the tent, Sherlock lifted it up and watched John and then Olivia slip underneath the temporary door he had made. Now that they had reached their destination, there was a slight pause, a hesitance most likely caused by some sort of preparation of what they are about to see, or maybe even the surrealism of the present alone was enough to justify such a moment. Maybe Olivia wasn't very good with silence, "there were lots of people here earlier, press and all, understandable seeing as not much happens here, we had to get the tent from another police department further in land, for most of the day the poor sod has been under a towel and behind a couple of wind breaks." With that Olivia walked through the little awning, moving the water proof plastic as she went to allow both John and then Sherlock to enter. There was a bit of a pang and John put his nose tight to his coat sleeve. That did not prevent from his eyes beginning to sting. Such smell evidently did not bother Sherlock, he was already down, expensive fabric upon his knees touching the damp dark sand that stretched out to meet with salt water. He reached into his bag and pulled out a full magnifying glass, if John knew he was bringing that he would definitely have laughed at a more suitable moment. It was an old thing, single lens, same magnification across both sides with a copper border and a patterned handle that looked like a tortoise shell that had been shaped and polished.
John smiled, a genuine toothy smile. All of a sudden he could breathe again and his mind cleared of all that pessimism and panic. Sherlock would have his diamond moments it seems. Maybe John would just have to be a little patient and dig for them.
Both Mary and Sherlock witnessed John’s eyelids falter and then his body crumpled. Every belief John had built and molded from the death of his friend, a man he unashamedly loved and had complete trust in, had been sucked into a black hole. No wonder he fainted.
John smiled on seeing Sherlock enter, “Ah Sherlock, I see you have gone sockless, very good choice. Quite freeing wouldn’t you say?”
John was lying on the sofa looking slightly more content than earlier. If he was out much longer they should probably call for a doctor or something.
John feeling suddenly confident gave a wide grin and a definitive “Right!” whilst rubbing his hands together.
John initially thought he was joking, then remembered Sherlock doesn’t joke about practicalities. “Sherlock we’ve only known each other a fortnight.”
Once the brief hug ended John went and gave his unofficial Mrs. a quick kiss before saying with a big grin “Sherlock do you still not eat?”
“Well Sherlock, John, can I call you John? Course I can, you are welcome to stay, and I am glad to have another pair of hands to keep Sherlock under control.”
Lestrade looked, well actually delighted with the decision, and he swung his arms fervently just as a child would.
“Anderson just give it to me!” Anderson seemed offended by the instruction, as a retort he attempted to locate his card as slowly as possible, Lestrade screamed through gritted teeth, “Anderson!!!!”
Sherlock placed the key in its place and fiddled for a moment before the positive click was heard, John and Sherlock shared a mutual hum of appreciation for no more complications. That was until they entered the room. A single double bed sat in front of them, plain and mocking. Worse of all it just looked so comfortable, all John wanted to do was to climb in and pass out, but some negotiations needed to be in order. John uttered an “oh god.” Both staring at it, bags still in hand, unable to continue with the next action, for the next ten seconds the duo just stared blankly at the sheets. Sherlock spoke hesitantly, “well I’m okay with it if you are John, in fact I am not bothered at all, I know you, you know me, and people share beds all the time, every day in fact.” John nodded, more to try to force Sherlock’s words into acceptance. Like beating a wolf into submission, he fought with the whole thing. “Yeah, sure, erm, yes I guess you are right Sherlock, and I am very tired.” At ‘very’ John stressed the word emphasizing how tired he truly was. So with that they stepped forward and both put their bags down, without looking at each other John informed Sherlock, “I’m just going for a wee.” Sherlock made no sound, and as John entered the bathroom, locked the door and whilst he was peeing, he all of sudden had a million questions. ‘What side of the bed will he want? Is this going to be weird? Will this make things awkward? That is not what I want. Does Sherlock feel awkward about this? Oh god! What if he sleeps naked?! Surely not with me in the bed, right? What if he kicks me in his sleep? Should we build one of those pillow walls they make in films? Why are you getting so worked up about this?! It is fine, it is fine, it’s all fine.” As John flushed the toilet and proceeded to wash his hands he looked himself in the mirror and puffed out his cheeks. He stood in his military stance to brace himself for whatever weird shit might occur, then he unlocked the door and on leaving the bathroom the sight internally freaked him the fuck out. Sherlock sat in the bed as straight as a rod, fully clothed, but in different clothes to earlier, on the furthest side nearer the window. John was so not prepared for the image. He looked so casual, like a different person, without that coat and that suit, and John had never really seen Sherlock look as exhausted as he did now. He looked younger. John gave a nervous “hi” followed by a little chuckle escaping the two of them. This was a bit weird, despite what they’d both agreed. John went and knelt by his bag, unzipping it to collect some clothes, he normally slept as naked as the day he was born so he didn’t have any pajamas per say, a t-shirt and his… “Sherlock do you mind if I sleep in my underwear? And erm and a top of course” he added hurriedly, “it’s just I don’t have pajamas is all.” In reply Sherlock lifted the duvet to reveal he himself was only in his underwear, they both laughed similar to before and Sherlock said evidently tired, “I too don’t have any John.” With that John stood and took off his jacket, even though his back was turned to Sherlock he felt very self conscious, he placed his jacket down and turned to the sleepy detective and said as confident as possible, “I’m just going to change in the bathroom.” Sherlock nodded, he dressed very quickly whilst John urinated in fear that he may be caught mid-change.
Anderson went to protest but by the time he began to speak Sherlock had put all the papers into his arms. “Oh and Anderson, don’t be a complete idiot and forget to take the envelopes, they are just as likely to have prints as the letters do.” So Anderson made copies, whilst John and Sherlock discussed the bank statements. John still remained seating on the sofa and Sherlock paced the length of the sofa in front of him. “John what did you make of the account?”
Whilst doing so he removed the anonymous letter from his inside jacket pocket and compared the handwriting. Sherlock scanned the words for a moment before consulting John. “The handwriting is definitively the same. Every nuance, every dot, use of comma and phrase. Either we have a liar or someone who is understandably ashamed, or both." John nodded and then every muscle in his face sprang into action, “You don’t think?! No surely not.”
John had another question and Sherlock looked back at him once it was asked, “excuse?” Sherlock nodded, understanding the actual question, “to enter into a country from sea you need a sort of docking permit, it’s like a passport for the boat, every boat has a unique name and code, but they could just say that they have traveled from very far, across the Atlantic for example and due to travel complications they did not manage to make their last stop in order to get a permit.” Sherlock paused, “usually that follows with a long series of questions, but if they are an avid sailor or two, I’m sure they could withstand it, especially with a murder charge behind them to spur them on to not, fuck up I suppose.” John nodded, glad of the information, “so we are looking for a large boat, still, with a highly skilled sailor, or a sailor and accomplices, who may also be well skilled sailors, who have a motive to murder and hide the evidence of a well known and controversial American Governor from Alabama, whose here for reasons we don’t know of, oh and not to mention a boat who is now potentially miles away in a large country across the sea with many docks and access to an entire continent.” Sherlock said with a laugh, “correct.” John made a mock frown, which made them both subsequently giggle. “Needle in a haystack” definitively continued John, then Sherlock went to stand and said “nothing we can’t handle Doctor Watson.” John stood too and as they shook the sand from their clothes, John said, “agreed Mister Holmes.” They friendly patted one another on the back; happy with the day’s events, they then sauntered up the beach to find somewhere where they may hopefully be able to sleep for tonight.
Marjorie gave a semi-grunt before footling out of the room, closing the door behind her. Leaving the men in true privacy.
Whilst Lestrade was in terror, Sherlock and John entered as calm as anything. John followed Sherlock’s lead and he felt his heart racing, adrenalin coursing through his system. “Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock outstretched a hand with a sly smile; a twitchy looking Henry Scott stood and shook it abrasively, as did an understandably slightly calmer Mark Warren. They introduced themselves in an arguably unconventional manner, all that was said was “I guess you know who we are.” As Sherlock took a seat, John out stretched his own hand and answered the comment with confidence, “oh yes we do, Captain and Doctor John Watson, assistant to Mister Holmes.” The three remaining men shook hands and then all proceeded to take their own seats. Sherlock sat facing Mark, with his back to the mirror, and John sat facing the suspect, back to mirror also. John had never felt so cool in his life, and he was a soldier with a set of medical qualifications. He wanted to feel this way as much as possible, and by Sherlock’s side was the only way. Perfect.
“Exactly, specifically there are most on Shanghai, business sector and upcoming international affairs corespondency site, there are also Chinese economy books. Eleanor was paying attention.” John thought briefly before turning his face to make eye contact with Sherlock. With a knitted brow he asked, “If she was so careful, how is she dead?"
Sherlock caught John staring at the magnifier with a question in his eyes, Sherlock opened his arms and impatiently said, "what?! I knew he was a big man so we need a big magnifying glass!" John put his hands up in a don't-shoot-me manner as a way of saying 'I didn't say anything, carry on ya' big weirdo.' So Sherlock did, he bent lower and began scanning the prehistoric device along the corpse. With a groan John got on his own knees on the other side of the body to face the detective. He began to look in his own manner. "Sherlock did you bring gloves?" Without looking up or affecting his activity he said only "bag." So with a further moan John went to stand, but Olivia grabbed the bag and passed it to the doctor. He said a genuine thank you and remained on the ground. John unzipped the bag and found a large torch and clicked it own, hauntily illuminating the now forever eternally still flesh, taking a pair of plastic medical gloves he pinged them on, he tossed Sherlock a pair and he passed John the magnifying glass, with which John put away whilst Sherlock pinged on his own gloves. They both sat for maybe a minute staring down at the body in almost exact mirror positions. Moving only there head every now and then to focus on something different. Olivia definitely was not comfortable with silence, "so what do you think then?" was all she said but Sherlock shushed her immediately, John looked up in horror and scolded Sherlock for his behaviour, "Sherlock!" The detective replied in his exhausting dramatic manner, "What John?! I need to think, there's no time to answer stupid questions!" Sherlock was evidently back in case mode, John gave Sherlock
"Oh John for god sake don't become a feeling idiot in this moment." John just began to laugh, Sherlock had just made them a 'we.' He felt butterflies in his belly. "Sherlock Holmes just said our, I didn't think you were possible of the word." To John's further entertainment Sherlock once more crossed his arms like a six year old, "Oh honestly John you made such a fuss yesterday about not going anywhere I'm simply playing at your emotions to get what I want." John looked cockily back at the paper he couldn't understand a word of and said "that, or you are actually beginning to think that you need me." Even though Sherlock remained stiff lipped and the cross-armed-grump, there was a definite blush in his cheeks, and the change of colour made John beam behind the veil of the paper.
“We don’t know. She was an… important asset to our… trade if you can call it that. We wouldn’t kill her. Especially in the way she went. Very suspicious, don't you think? Hence why you're here.”
John and Sherlock paced together in the 221b living room. Passing one another in a perpetual crossing as if two swings were to fling in alternate juxtaposition right next to one another. They looked like a Newton’s cradle. One metal ball bouncing onto another and the other at the opposite end taking it’s exact soar to then reconnect with it’s scientifically still partner. Constantly soaring and then hitting, soaring and hitting, soaring. Hitting. Soaring. The cycle was endless and one. What set off this walking cradle / swing set was the case of Miss Eleanor Scott. Smuggler, Bee Keeper, Gambler and altogether mystery.  Their mugs sat side-by-side on the kitchen table, one empty, and its twin full and now consequently cold with a skin over the top that would prove ugly to clean later on. It was a mug John would hold onto for a very long time as it bared a stain all the way around its rim, the same brown of the tea, lightened by time gone by and the failed attempts to remove its permanence, and it never ceased to remind him of their first case together.
It was a text that John would not see until he awoke early the next morning. He was pleased that they had taken the correct trail and that the drive had apparently been worth it. He had no bloody clue what the quote Sherlock had added to the image was though. It was too much his still asleep brain could take. He showered and excitedly headed down to breakfast. Sherlock was sat at a table with the Cleopatra sitting right outside the window. As John sat Sherlock merely pointed to it without looking up from his phone, John said "yeah, yeah I see it, so what now?" As Sherlock went to open his mouth a waiter arrived, they both impatiently ordered coffee and a croissant. He was gone in an instant and Sherlock began, "well the boat is here, we need to get on it somehow, created aliases or something to get on board, scout for any evidence and then judging by whatever is next, I still think Paris, but the boat may provide us with the next step as you say." Sherlock gave a smile; he was enjoying this. John still needed to wake up, so when the coffee arrived he was pleased for its presence. With bitter taste now on his tongue, John responded. “Right so, who do we pretend to be?” John placed his coffee back upon the table and rubbed his eyes with adjoining palms. “Police, obviously.” John slammed his hands on the white cloth and nearly knocked Sherlock’s coffee right out of his hands. “Sherlock! That’s a criminal offence! We could get up to…” Sherlock interrupted, “twelve months in prison, yes I know, but we don’t pretend to be French police, we are British police investigating, and that’s only a bend of a lie anyhow, honestly John, you and your morals.” John sat back now, smirk upon his lips. What a ridiculous man Holmes was. “At least having morals shows conscientiousness,” Sherlock made a mocking ‘ooo’ sound and pursed his lips, “big word for such an early time of the day John, I applaud you.” John giggled, now their croissants arrived, they were almond and tasted, as one would imagine if gold was made edible and sweet. When plates were collected and coffee refilled, John said a “merci” and Sherlock only hummed. “Do you have police documentation to prove us legitimate?” Sherlock beamed and leaned forward in his chair, “good John you’re getting in the spirit, of course I do,” Sherlock flashed two police ID cards, as this moment in time, with Lestrades face and details, before John could protest Sherlock answered, “I pick pocket him when he’s annoying.”
“Sherlock you are lying to me! You couldn’t have pulled that off by yourself! Not even you! Who knew?!”
On that note John turned and they entered the Morgue in search of finding the body of Eleanor Scott.
Paris was a change, hell Sherlock was a constant change. A good one. Sat at traffic lights he looked over at his passenger who had an elbow rested against the window and a chin sat atop a childish fist. His eyes were shifting quickly in their sockets, meaning it was clear that he was mid-deduction when John began to speak, "you realise you are still wearing your wedding band?" Sherlock shook himself out of whatever concentration he had been in and proceeded to extend his left arm and outstretch his hand as if it were the most alien thing he had ever seen, "oh, so I do." As fast as he had moved previously, Sherlock then ignored the gold encircle and pulled his knees up on his chest, resting his long limbs precariously entwined in a tight weave. "Aren't you going to take it off?" John persisted. He felt a rise of panic rise in his chest, h
John chuckled to himself and looked down at his hairy toes. “Yes but in here Sherlock, in this room I can just be. People in rehab have too many problems of their own to notice my hobbit feet, besides you are the first to actually notice, or at least to vocalize the fact.”
"Sorry, yes, sorry Sherlock you're right, it's just, just the shock, yeah, yeesh, the shock of it all." John nodded as if to confirm his own shaky confession. Sherlock shook his head and said matter of fact, "once I get this tube removed I am coming over there and shaking you back into logic Doctor, Captain John Watson." John's face went from inadvertently pleased to assured and he just nodded as if the scenario hadn't been more than pleasing to him. If he was honest with himself just being called 'Captain' by Sherlock was arousing. He cast his eyes to the floor and his ears tingled, so much so that he walked to face the wall, anywhere as long as Sherlock couldn't have a chance of reading the want. He nodded, to himself really, and then just like that Sherlock was hailed off to surgery and once more John was plunged into surreal terror, except this time it was different. Now John's heart was at stake. Now all he wanted was for Sherlock to return. Conscious and talking. Whilst John watched through the glass and forced his way through the dejavu of it all, he realised that even if he was a plant or a moth, or even a hem on Sherlock's whooshy ridiculous coat, it wouldn't matter, because all that mattered was that he was with Sherlock, and able to understand, or at least hear, anything, all of it preferably uncontrollably pour from Sherlock's mind through that deep clattering vocal box and finally through those arched lips to rest upon the ears of John Watson. That's all John wanted. To hear him, to listen and learn from the man he had now chosen to spend time with. Not just as a colleague or even a friend, but more. John wanted to know everything about Sherlock. He wanted to know him as human, not just as a machine. God this was all so hard. John rubbed his brow whilst the surgeons delicately fed the tube from out of his lung tissue to take a gasp and rejoin the world. John knew it would all be okay, Sherlock, it had only been a few days from such a traumatic event and thousands of miles away at the crime scene he had already basically solved the case of smuggler and bee-keeper Eleanor Scott. Sherlock liked bee's, John made a mental note to find some of those hut-hive things Sherlock so adored. They definitely couldn't have them in 221b, but they could have them somewhere. Maybe Mrs. Hudson would let them keep a couple in unoccupied 221c.
“Good. That’s also good, better you than Mycroft making occasional drug busts with Lestrade." John shrugged and the men returned to their reading until both parted to bed.
I love you thank you for your endless and loving support. Find me on instagram, 'watson_to_my_holmes' and tell me what you thought. Special thanks to @relentlesslycheerful with your help for the conclusion, it's something I'd have never thought of without you.
“I’m sorry Mr. Holmes I don’t accept it, come on get up to the presumptuous chair we go.” John headed over to Sherlock’s bed and pulled back the covers in a purposefully dramatic fashion. Sherlock was very naked. Naked as the day he was born in fact. “Well doctor I didn’t think we would get to know each other this well this quickly.”
Sherlock shook himself out of his palace and said simply “business. It’s all about money. The earliest dated letter, only written days before the other, is arguing that Eleanor has been paid already and that she shouldn’t demand more money. Sounds as if she brought back a particularly risky item, worth a lot of money, more than usual, possibly she felt that she deserved more money for it and in asking caused a bit of trouble on the other end.”
"Right, what do you think Holmes?" John had his arms outstretched and his fingers wrapped around the end of his jacket sleeves. It was too long for him, but at least it was a convincible British police uniform. Barbour, dark green, fit for a motorcycle it was that durable. Sherlock carried disguises with him as often as a case demanded it, or so it turned out. Underneath the fine coat were Johns smartest clothes, a white and blue gingham button up and some grey suit trousers. In comparison to Sherlock's dark grey suit with a burberry perfectly to size, it was admittedly plain. "You look good in disguise John, try it more often," was all Sherlock said without looking at his companion. It was only after Sherlock finished buttoning his cuffs that he rounded to face the shorter man. John puffed out his chest and took a deep breath to follow, he was extraordinarily nervous. What they were about to do was incredibly illegal. Imitating a police officer could buy twelve months imprisonment, longer in home territory. Maybe it was a good thing they were doing this in France. "John stop worrying, they won't know anything about our real selves." John nodded, maybe a little longer than necessary, but Sherlock's words for once were not only helping, but they were also well timed.
The boss, who was clearly impatient and deemed this a nuisance but a cigar to his lips, and one of his crows, lit it in an instant. On the first puff of smoke, he breathed it into Johns face, (to which he didn't blink nor move,) and rubbed his brow with his left hand. “We know you are here about Eleanor Scott. Do you play poker Doctor?”
Sherlock and John hustled through the terminal. Heathrow airport was always so busy. Deducing wise, Sherlock was in his element. On entering the terminal they stopped off at Starbucks to get some breakfast (it was far too early in the morning) and as they sat John would point out people and Sherlock would deduce anything he could. There was a nervous looking priest who was apparently cheating on his wife, with his third mistress, there was a nanny who was so terrible at her job that she had apparently lost three sets of children, on different occasions, there was a crack dealer, and far too many crack addicts, much to the doctors concern. There was a lawyer who was dying from most likely an inoperable tumor, there was a nun who had a black belt in karate, there was a millionaire with a cheap watch who wore it for sentimental reasons, most likely an heirloom, there were several wanted men on the run, there was a mother who was planning to murder her husband and there was most noticeably, a smuggler.
His mind was cut off. The man that stood in front of him was wearing a nostalgic smirk and a ridiculous Sharpie moustache. It all became a whizzing blur. By the time Mary realised the situation, John was angry. The angriest he had ever been in his entire life. His hands curled into fists and he hit the table so hard that the celebratory wine splashed all over the red and black tiles at their feet.
There was a brief pause and Sherlock lowered his hands to once more come into contact with his weak body that lay beneath the cheap sanitised blanket. John pushed his lips out and took an audible sigh, as his chest expanded in the next breath a single tear rolled down his cheek and Sherlock looked down at his own stomach as if the tear was not to be witnessed in fear of un-dignifying John some how. John wiped the tear from its tracks with his thumb. He cleared his throat and repositioned himself, palms now touching his thighs, he sat up straight, battle stations, then took several more breaths and looked back in Sherlock's direction to face whatever was coming. "So what you are saying Sherlock, is that, you don't think it is wise for us to work together anymore?"
John moved his hand to Sherlock’s neck to which he pressed two fingers on his pulse to make some form of health assessment. It was slower than he wanted, but it remained strong.
something. Anything. He was feeling itchy. John was yet to see that side of him. That side they talked about in therapy. That need to be occupied. Even though Sherlock was clean, there was still a chance of relapse, and the best way to avoid that was to keep Sherlock busy, they both knew that.
Sherlock's first night is over, John sees Sherlock naked and somehow Sherlock is okay with that, to the point that he actually speaks in therapy.
Sherlock grabbed the now still torch and began to look around the deck and it’s contents. To John nothing seemed out of the ordinary, and if there was blood here recently it had been cleaned thoroughly, Sherlock attempted to enter the cabin but it was locked so he did the same thing as before. Using the torch he pressed his face up to the panes and shone the torch through the windows. To John’s utter surprise Sherlock exclaimed “shit!” and leaped off the boat. John followed despite his complaining knee and he proceeded to sprint after his much longer legged friend. They ran out along the swinging pier and literally leaped over the bridge, landing heavily on the concrete. John nearly slipped on that coating of algae he had seen prior, but regained his balance and together they sprinted out the useless gate and ran for about another two hundred meters up the beach before Sherlock collapsed onto the sand. John sat beside him and they both puffed in unison, attempting to catch their breath. Their bottoms touching the sand and their feet parallel John said between breaths, “what… the… fuck… was that.” Sherlock let out a small laugh and threw his head back to open his windpipe further in an attempt to get more air in. Lowering his head and looking level at John he said also between breaths, “people… in the… cabin.” John began to laugh again and then said “oh shit!” Sherlock giggled.
Sherlock brought his book back into his eye line and then almost immediately put it back down, “does that mean I am medically fit to be discharged doctor?”
John was still not looking at Sherlock and he began to shake his head, lips quivering fighting the profanity that wanted to go from John's thoughts to become sound. "You think I see you as different John, you think I will adjourn my true opinions because I owe you something because you have helped me, and you have helped me, your company means much too me, but I will hurt you whether I like it or not. This job demands that of me. This job will spit you out John and I do not want to see that happen, you need to remain exactly as you are always John. I cannot let this work morph you into anything other than you are right now." As Sherlock spoke of John he raised his hands and his fingers were splayed and his palms faced John as if he was a piece of art to be admired and applauded over.
“Her step brother. He worked with us too. Now Doctor I really must be getting on, people to threat, games to play, that kind of thing.” At this stage John wasn’t even listening, he was thinking.
By the time they reached the end of the street Mary closed the door and tried to busy herself until she was exhausted enough to sleep.
The corner of Sherlock’s lips turned upwards as he chewed his first piece of garlic bread. John wasn’t wrong it was rather nice. They were only three moves into the game but John still felt confident he could beat the genius opposite him.
The two men stood facing each other unmoving throughout all of John’s words, and Sherlock could feel his heart in his mouth, this is all he had ever wanted.
Once in his lap Sherlock almost hastily pushed the sleeves back down and swallowed any anxiety he felt. He looked back into John’s eyes before saying “Doctor’s opinion?”
Sherlock and John recount all the information they had pulled for the day on the Eleanor Scott case. They write it all down, and Sherlock takes an action he probably should not have done in John's eyes.
“Oh John, don’t be a goldfish, you know fully well that doesn’t matter. Sitting in this room as we have all that time will be exactly the same in my flat. We enjoy each other’s company. We can speak honestly and fairly, we practically know everything about each other already, and we both accept everyone has flaws. There is enough space for us both, you’ve cared for me at probably the worst I have been in years, and you have already seen me naked. John, there is no issue.”
John awoke by the sound of Sherlock’s voice for what felt like the hundredth time. Except this time something was different. The air itself tasted sweeter and everything appeared to be in abundance. The walls were whiter and the world felt pain free. The thing that actually made John open his eyes was the feeling of the breath upon his face. Sherlock was face to face with John, knelt down, in his hospital gown with barely an inch between their noses. “Sherlock!!”
John moved his castle from H6 to D6. He picked the piece up off the board and sat it slightly cocky onto its resting place. On doing so he looked up at Sherlock and lifted one eyebrow whilst opening up his palms as if to say ‘come and get me.’ Sherlock was correct in the two moves behind assessment. He knew that John would move the castle and take the pawn at D3, but this is where his play had been decidedly clever on Sherlock’s part. Whilst John had been focused on the bishop taking the castle at the step behind, the bishop was also capable to take the castle at D3. The question is would John notice?
On the thirteenth morning, both prepared to leave the rehabilitation center. Weirdly enough it wasn’t just Sherlock who felt like he had been rehabilitated. John himself was also different. He no longer limped and he felt the most optimistic he’d felt in years. John surprisingly didn’t have many possessions, apart from his books which he had organised to be sent over to in a big load in a few weeks time. Sherlock deduced the practice of minimalism in John’s life had something to do with his need for order and control. It wasn’t OCD, just preference. Sherlock was already planning how to use this to both of their advantages. The books even may be of use for their now joint profession. Sherlock only had his suitcase with some clothes that Mycroft had ‘lovingly’ sent over, travelling light had always suited him.
“I do believe we are playing chess Dr. Watson.” Even though Sherlock said it like nothing had occurred, on the inside he felt ecstatic, John was the one, the only one he had ever met who he knew would definitively enjoy his cases. No longer would he have to do everything on his own, someone to discuss it all with, finally someone that could just keep up!! If Sherlock played his cards right, this could be the beginning of something life changing.
John just remained dumbfounded, jaw open with no intention of calling the grieving father. Sherlock curled his upper lip and grimaced an almost inaudible “Oh for gods sake” before getting his blackberry out his pocket and dialing the number from the yellow pages. It rang fifteen times before it was answered.
Sherlock went to reach for his phone and realized it was not there. No googling today. That is how they must have got John out the hotel. Used Sherlock's Phone. Shit. Les Americaines. Why would 2 Americans want him dead. What was his history in America. Politics. Religion. KKK. Reverend. He was a reverend. He abandoned his flock. His sheep. That would have caused some upset. Sherlock looked back. Looked at the things he may have missed. The chain. On his neck. The one thing he hadn't got rid of. Family heirloom? Who would he pass that on to. Father of three. Two daughters. One Son outcast for being gay. The son. The son. The son. American. The two men in the bar last night. In suits. Two white men. Two men. The son and his partner. Could it be? Where could you hide anyone here. Where could you lure anyone. "excusez-moi, où voulez-vous aller?" The taxi driver was getting impatient. "I need to think." Sherlock hummed his thoughts out and thrummed his fingers on the seat. They must have realised that the detective would fast become aware that his phone was taken. It could be tracked. If they did not want to be found, where could you not track a phone to. Geo location is not possible underground. The subway? No, too public, too open. The Parisian Metro takes you all the way to Eurodisney. Then it hit him. THE CATACOMBS. "The catacombs! Take me there as soon as possible. I'll pay double." With that the driver was away. Sherlock had long abandoned his French. His friend was in need. They whizzed in and out of traffic and Sherlock tried not to think about John locked somewhere below the street they were on. He could not lose his only friend.
Sherlock and John recomposed themselves and stood. They shook off their communal fits of giggling just as they shook the dust from their clothes. Once floor-dust free, they looked each other in the face and shared a mutual contented sigh.
“There was a big fuss and we were not allowed to bury her until the police figured out what the fuck was going on, and it wasn’t until you got involved that you figured out who killed her and why they killed her. I should be angry with you Mr. Holmes because ultimately my grandmother may still be alive, or in the least had died a peaceful and not terrifying death if you didn’t exist. But it happened, and I am glad that you existed to bring her murderer to justice. So first of all I forgive you but I also thank you. Don’t give me this bullshit about not caring by putting on some insensitive show because you read something about me online because Mr. Holmes, Sherlock, without even meeting you I know you care about solving things for people, important things like love, passion and death are commonplace to you. I know you are a man with addictive traits because you do nothing but solve murders, which are a fix itself; adrenaline is a dangerous chemical on its own. You are never-not in the papers being stereotyped, analysed and praised Sherlock. Your brother is a powerful man and I fear this just as much as you do.”
Still unmoving Sherlock spoke, “John you said ‘just be.’ How can one ‘just be?’ That is a concept I will never be able to grasp. It’s like everyone can float without any trouble but I will always drown. How can I ‘just be?’” Sherlock getting visibly irritated now shifted his gaze and body simultaneously, to finally accept the eye contact John had been waiting for, “John you said ‘people in rehab,’ I am not and never will be people. I have never been easily categorized. Everyone ticks themselves in little boxes as easy as filling out a form, but I have never fitted into any of them. ANY of them. The fact that I noticed or bothered to say that you have no fucking socks on demonstrates all on its own that I am not ‘people.’”
He brought his suitcase over from the chair it was left on and pulled out one of the casual tees he had packed. Leaping over the incapacitated Sherlock he went to the bathroom and grabbed one of those complimentary needle and thread kits hotels often have for no reason at all. Now there was a reason. On returning, he tore off a piece of material from the tee, then doused it in vodka before informing Sherlock that “this is going to hurt.” He then rubbed the alcohol over the wounds on Sherlock’s torso. It did in fact hurt.
* if anyone reading this is British you will understand the joy of finding that your seats are at a table on a train. It is like the rest of the train are peasants. If anyone from the rest of the world has train tables, let me know in the comments x)
“Oh no John that wouldn’t do, we need to be in London, both of us. The job, it’s instantaneous, we have to be in it, live it constantly. Especially when the heat of the chase is on. I have a spare room, stay there, there's already a bed and some furniture in there.”
John had begun to sweat just a little bit, it wasn’t visible but he could definitely feel the perspiration on his upper lip. He needed to get used to this. Sherlock wrote John’s information on the board still at the top with a series of arrows, like a linear flow chart. The words now read ‘
“Imagine a single train track that forks off into two separate tracks. On one of those tracks stands five people, five people you don’t know, and on the other stands one you love, an unmanned train comes speeding down the track and you are in control of the lever that moves the train between the two tracks ahead. Either you let it continue on its course and kill your loved one, or you change its direction, thus murdering those five strangers but saving the one you love. Which is it?”
John rolled his eyes, "I only asked for a name you cocky fucker." Sherlock made a face of mock offence and then became stoic in an instant, "please, I was just saving us time. You want to run anything over." John took out his fake identification card from his disguise coat pocket and checked all the details, then something struck him, "actually yeah, why am I the superintendent and you're only the detective?" Sherlock was clearly fazed by the question, this was something he evidently had not anticipated, "erm, you have a trusting face." John scrunched up his features and pulled back his head, "sorry, you gave my pseudo a fake better job over your pseudo because of my face?" Sherlock nodded as if it was the biggest fact the earth had ever known. "Doesn't that give you a complex or something?" Sherlock blinked aggressively, "oh for christ sake John! They're fake people, stop looking into it so much! Just act like my husband!" John put his hands in the air, finding it amusing that he had quite so successively riled Sherlock. "Ready to go?" John nodded, he didn't say anymore because it was evident Sherlock was getting fed up. As Sherlock opened the door he bounced on his toes, "Ah! We forgot something crucial John!" Sherlock reached into his trouser pocket, struggled for a second, before pulling out two gold rings, he tossed one to John who caught it awkwardly before slipping it onto his wedding finger on his left hand.
the same,” John nodded again and carried on, “looked the same, and the, and the prints all match out, then we went to China” John paused for a quick but sharp in take of breath, “concluding that the smugglers group, whilst violent, and dramatic, they did not kill Eleanor, she was an asset, you think that the, the erm, boss guy may have even loved her, and erm I don’t know Sherlock I’m running out.” John rubbed his hands together nervously. Was that good enough? Was he good enough?
“Today of course Sherlock, do you think I’d let you go home to get another fix? A car awaits outside.”
Immediately Sherlock lit up from longest toenail to the highest hair on his head. He looked John straight in the eye and just began to uncontrollable laugh. Laugh and laugh and laugh until the pair of them were keeled over on the floor unable to do anything other but be happy. Once they managed to catch their breath, on their backs like paralysed turtles, they attempted to keep it together. “John that may be the best thing anyone has ever said to me.”
“Well, Sherlock I believe your brother informed you I was the best in the business? Well he wasn’t wrong. You indeed won’t be in here long Detective Sherlock Holmes. Right where were we? Oh yeah chess.”
John struggled with the machines for a while, and on typing in the pin '1-9-7-1' that made his blush reappear, Sherlock all of a sudden bounded at his side, "John our train is in three minutes!" John practically jumped out of his skin. "Alright alright, they are printing now!" The tickets spat out into their allotted slot, making an electronic buzz as they arrived. "Sherlock I only got singles, don't know when we'll be back." It was clear John wanted some approval. Sherlock bit, "good idea John, now" Sherlock grabbed the tickets, seat reservations and receipts and looked John close in the face, "run!" With that Sherlock bolted like a cheetah. John spluttered an "oh!" before sprinting after his friend. Their platform was platform eight. Sherlock had figured out it took precisely one minute and forty-eight seconds to run to, they had exactly two minutes and nineteen seconds before the doors were supposed to close. On reaching platform eight Sherlock glanced at the board to check it was the right train and as he entered through the doors the bloke on the platform blew his whistle thrice. This signalled the train was ready to go. John was approximately six seconds behind Sherlock, after the whistle was blown Sherlock shouted impatiently "John come on!" Then when John jumped aboard the train doors slid shut immediately. They were breathing hard. Both leant over, hands upon knees, bent over huffing. As the train began to move both stood up and leant against the rocking transport, still breathing heavy. Then John began to laugh, "how ridiculous" was all he said. Sherlock joined in the laughter, he agreed "yes, quite ridiculous."
“Hang on, so let me get this correct, you want me,” John pointed at himself and his words became increasingly quiet, “to pretend to be your husband?” Sherlock popped his lips and said simply, “yup.” John was still none the wiser, “and that would help the case and our disguise how exactly?” Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed, “The French love a gay couple, and we know that stereotypically the French are less likely to trust a British accent right? English even more in historical context, if we were to play husbands working together, they’d be so thrown about our personal stories of affection and meeting that they’d let us search the boat without asking the wrong questions.” John bought it immediately, it could work, “and right so we need to get fake uniforms, change the image and names on those ID cards, create an entire elaborate rehearsed back story about how we became husbands and find some wedding rings.”
him. Lips, tongues, teeth the lot!! You wanted him! How could you want him? Oh god I love him, SHIT I have fallen for a sociopath who was my patient! John Hamish Watson, you can’t feel this way. Shut it down. Now.” On John’s insane thinking, a nurse came in, checked Sherlock’s vitals and then left, all the while John was having a heterosexual crisis, and he looked like he was on the verge of a heart attack. He paced, rubbed his brow, shook his head, every sign of internal meltdown, John was expressing. ‘John you’re straight. You don’t like men. But you want it, you do, fuck. Fuck!!’
John once again looked bemused for what could have been the fiftieth time today and Anderson just rolled his eyes whilst unlocking the door.
Sherlock at this point had his hands placed delicately around one of the white boxes with delight placed across his eyes. On John’s question Sherlock’s face turned into the tale-tale signs of shock mixed with confusion. He looked at John and spluttered, “John, you don’t know what these are?! You lead an even sadder existence than I even imagined.”
Whilst John was attached to the furniture of that room, he envisioned often what he and Sherlock may have been doing as of right now if the smugglers did not know anything about them. He imagined them in some Chinese tea house, John sipping some tea straight from the leaf, cross legged on the floor, whilst Sherlock talked excitedly about the progress of the case. He imagined the case leading them to the paddy fields of rural China, he could see Sherlock behind his eyelids knee deep in water talking to some local with ragged clothes across his back, in perfect Mandarin. Sherlock standing in his suit with his ridiculous coat, with the trousers rolled up, bare foot, talking to some local about a bunch of smugglers. An image like that was one that could make John feel like he had a escaped from those walls that echoed nothing but silence, even if for the briefest of moments. He also played through his mind the potential for small moments, dinner together, a camaraderie this case would have brought between them, the mad interviews, the heat of the chase, the coffee in one of their hotel rooms. John saw Tiananmen Square, the Great Wall and an ancient temple enshrouded in bamboo. All with Sherlock in mind, so alive and so active. John knew it was a coping mechanism, a way to be out of the reality of the situation he was truly in. However, he had thought constantly of those nagging feelings of admiration, pride and well, some kind of feeling John hadn't quite got to grips yet.
Once their breath was vaguely back to normal they watched the water for a moment lap up against the beach, almost disbelieving that such a calm looking thing could bring up a body, all four of their cheeks pink from the exertion, and then Sherlock said, “and by the way they were definitely not the murderers.” John asked with a big grin in full knowledge the answer would be good, “how could you tell?” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders in jest and said, “they were both at least, hmm I don’t know, eighty five?” John half laughed half gasped in pure shame, “oh god we must have scared the shit out of them!” Sherlock nodded, fully aware of the matter.
Lestrade placed his thumb and forefinger to the bridge of his noise, “Anderson is one of the detectives here. Sherlock and he don’t… they don’t agree on anything. Anderson is bitter because Sherlock is better at deducing than he is. It’s an endless cycle; you were Sherlock’s therapist right? Maybe you can make them work together, or at least civil? Just something to stop... this.”
John watched Sherlock read, watched his face calm and unravel into a child who was awaiting christmas, and in that instant he felt ready. Maybe just being alone in that living room, even for a second made him question it all. Hesitance is not fruitful for this business. He had to throw himself at this, at this opportunity, even if it does bring pain and suffering. No matter what he decided he'd follow Sherlock Holmes to the ends of the earth. To the end if ever necessary.
John and Sherlock rushed through the travel process as fast as possible. The flights were a huge expense, but it was worth their lives. They said a cheery as possible farewell to the BA desk lady before John practically bolted to security. Getting Sherlock to walk through security would have been comical in any other situation. He had to make aching noises just to function. On standing out of the chair, he eeked, with every step he made some kind of sigh, gah or coo. It was unavoidable. On returning to the fully scanned wheelchair, he could have vomited whilst sitting. He couldn’t remember the last time he was in this much pain, if ever.
John wanted to shake him, another criminal offence to add to the pile, it was commendable however, and he supposed it was all for a good cause, right? “So what will our names be?” Sherlock had it all figured out, and between coffee sips he had it all explained, “you will be Detective super intendant Williams…” John interrupted, “why Williams?” Sherlock was quick, “sounds English,” John quibbled, “sounds suspicious,” Sherlock was getting impatient, “wait Watson! For the love of God! Wait, the next bit is better.” John sat back and folded his arms in expectance, Sherlock took a short deep breath and continued, “I will be Detective Williams.” John pulled his head back in the most confused expression Sherlock had ever seen a human face contort, He then proceeded to throw both hands in the air, adding further to the apparent comical drama of his bemusing, “we can’t both be Williams! That defeats the entire purpose of espionage?!” Sherlock beamed a toothy grin, “but this is were it gets good John, we,” Sherlock gestured his hands between them both, “we play a married couple,” Sherlock widened his smile and his hands, “huh, yeah, right?” were the only words to follow from Sherlock’s lips, John remained frozen, even more confused than before, he was shocked still and unable to compute. He needed a reboot and Sherlock was becoming more impatient by the second, how could John not see how ingenious this was.
On entering John still hadn’t shut his mouth. He dropped his bag and the first thing he did was jump on the bed, and then he took off his shoes and coat and just lay in this most luxurious bed anyone could imagine. He stared out of window for a while, taking in the new city around him. Once he had calmed down he knocked on the joining door between the two rooms, to which Sherlock said immediately “Yes John.”
"Sherlock please, put. Something. On." With every stretched syllable John squeezed his eyes so hard they crinkled every part of his ageing face. "Oh please by the history on your laptop you are fixated by the human anatomy, and besides I'll only stop once you stop laughing, and even then I probably won't stop." Sherlock leaped onto the sofa, his knees bent then impressively straight in an instant, his behind bouncing until still upon the grey leather. He wrapped the sheet around his whole self, tucking his knees into the folds until he was nothing but a head with curly locks submerged in white cotton. John stood bemused, what was fast becoming a common part of his everyday. "Anyway you are only in a dressing gown." John scoffed, and Sherlock wriggled some more. There was an awkward pause, a moment of still in which they could only share the sounds that London had to offer. People, voices, footfall, sirens, music, trains, life. Then the sound of John's toes shuffling on the wood interrupted it all, somehow pushing the whole of London out with just his digits. "Tea?"
John replied with a quiet chuckle, and with that Sherlock put on his leather gloves that were probably more expensive than anything John had ever owned, and clambered aboard a boat, arguably the largest in the marina. John had expected this of course, but he felt naughty, he was much more by the book still and he wanted to be a bit more like Sherlock in this way. Capable of not giving a fuck about anything and its consequences, especially in the midst of a case. So John stood on the floating pier and whispered nervously "Sherlock!" On Sherlock not even taking note, too enthralled in his new surroundings and what they may tell him, John looked back at the old man remaining on the concrete. He was sitting on a bollard with his chin touching his chest, his glasses resting on the end of his nose. The poor sod was fast asleep. They were off the hook. As John made his way to enter the boat, one leg was over the edge when Sherlock said, "don't touch anything!" The tone of his voice made John jump and he lost his footing. He felt head first, arms out stretched knocking Sherlock to the ground. They lay tangled in another for a second and the entire boat rocked. Once still it was clear that John had banged his knee rather hard on the way down and he was breathing hard through clamped teeth in attempt to reduce the pain. He clung onto it with both hands and rolled around for a second.
It is fast approaching one in the morning and Sherlock and John still don't know where they are going to sleep tonight, in a sea side town maybe the beach is the only option. However, Sherlock has something up his sleeve, unfortunately somethings gone amiss and they find themselves greeted with just the one bed...
Anderson put his hands down by his sides and became a little child being told off at school in front of the whole class, “No they don’t.”
He took the initiative to go just before they were about to descend meaning that he wouldn’t be allowed to move from his seat. John stood daintily and wobbled his way to the lavatory. In the loo mirror he took the courtesy to assess the damage. His eyes were a bit pink but aside from that he looked alright. Admittedly his arse was a bit sore, then he remembered that he fell out of his seat.
They bumped along the road and just as if nothing had happened, they found themselves unmasked in John’s hotel room in the same spot from which they had been taken. The first thing John did was look at Sherlock; check he wasn’t an actual inch away from death. He was alive, but definitely in pain. John had never seen someone look so far from their normal self. To be in so much pain that you cannot think is definitely a feat that would temporarily change you. And that is what Sherlock is going through. He thought. He used his mind, constantly, without it what was he?
On circling the pillar, a door was on the opposite wall. He could hear talking. It was quiet, and distant but he could hear it none the less. He braced himself and reached for the handle. It was old, brass, rusted. it would make noise for sure. He knew he needed to act fact. He took a deep breath and gripped. All in one motion, he twisted the handle and flung the door open.
John sounded the most concerned and sad anyone could muster, and regardless of the words, the true message was easy to find; sorry. John said only “Sherlock.”
As they stepped out the hotel into the blazing French sunlight Sherlock took John's hand, John flinched initially, then remembered, shit they are supposed to pretend to be married for the rest of the day. He took Sherlock's hands and it felt bizarre. For a second John thought he wouldn't be able to do this, not because he had a problem with sexuality, he felt strong in that, but just because it was Sherlock. They had just got to the point were the lines of their friendship and professional life were set, and now the rules were being bent for a case, maybe Sherlock was right, he needed to stop over thinking it. So they pair walked arm in arm to the floating pier that all the boats alighted along. The 'Cleopatra' remained where it had sat since it had been abandoned by the suspected murderers. It appeared strangely eerie in the sharp light. Like an iceberg, it both felt close and as if it were unreachable. Stood on board were two people, a man smoking a long cigarette that hung from his thinly moustached lip, and a woman, who was at least ten years older than the fellow and she wore an unimpressed face and a incredibly short skirt.
By the time John had taken his attention off the wheezing individual, Sherlock was already bounding around the pier like a Labrador looking for a tennis ball. The floor beyond the gate was thick concrete and at a calculated slope. Near the waters edge, algae clothed the grey manmade decline. A wooden bridge maybe a meter long was the breach between the land and the floating path system that connected and made all the boats accessible to their owners and detectives alike. Sherlock had the torch at this point, looking through boat windows with his face plastered against the panes. John could see fairly well, his eyesight was good and army training had involved a fair bit of night patrols. Night didn't scare him, as a child he feared the dark the most of all things, most people do, it is an inherent mutual fear we all possess at one point or another in our lives, however on Johns travel to Afghanistan the night watches were normally most welcome to him. The heat of the day had waned, and instead of hearing the orders from fellow soldiers, screaming or continuous gunfire, he could hear the buzz of the insects and hear himself breathe whilst everyone who had also killed a man was tucked in their beds, most likely dreaming of home, a hot meal or women. Sometimes attacks would be at nights, however the defenses at base camp were so much more advanced than the attack itself that the squabble was nearly almost always over in under an hour. It was considered a good fight if they lasted ninety minutes without retreating or all being cut down. When John returned to London from injury, he would often spend nights wandering the streets of London, fearing nothing and almost wanting a fight. It became more difficult when the limp came in, but the cold and black of the night did not bother him, war had trained him to find it a comfort from the blackness of the daylight. At least at night it was supposed to be dark.
Our flat. John had practically forgotten. At the end of the day, and many days to come, John would return to 221b with Sherlock, his Sherlock. Their home.
Sherlock smirked before moving the bishop away from the potentially intrusive D3 to C5. The confusion on John’s face was a picture. His face was all scrunched up and he looked at Sherlock as if he was a drawing from a comic book.
John sprang awake for the voice attached to that sound, was all he had wanted to hear for days and days and days. He was facing the wall when he awoke and when he turned around the site that greeted him was horrifying and relieving all at once. John sat up to be eye to eye with Sherlock, who looked more than worse for wear.  John was sad, really sad about everything. When he last was by Sherlock’s side he was angry with him. Now Sherlock sat in front of him, chained to a chair with dry blood over practically every piece of visible skin. With his free hand John reached in front of him to touch Sherlock’s cheek. The touch made Sherlock initially wince, before he nestled into it, soothed by the for once gentle touch.
Sherlock gave a curt nod and rolled back both his sleeves, left first followed by the right. They both watched Sherlock’s working hands as if the movement of his fingers was hypnotic. Once the task was completed, Sherlock rested his elbows then the rest of his arms right up to his fingertips like a wave on the table’s surface. John took hold of the left wrist using all of his ten digits and pulled the arm closer to him. It was delicate as if he had found a feather and feared that he would damage any of the minute structures it possessed. He looked at every inch of the skin until satisfied. He repeated the step on the right arm before gently informing Sherlock that it was okay for him to relax now. Sherlock retreated his arms like a snake would sneak off into its hide.
Both were endeavoring to create in this case. They were heading to the police station they have frequented previously, albeit briefly. In between the borrowed tent and the dock they stopped off mainly to get keys, however there was an offering of leaving their possessions. The station was now closed and their bags sat outside by the door. Sherlock was irritated and voiced so, “how can they not still be here?! This is the most invigorating thing to hit this place! How can people be so dull John, How?!” To be honest John agreed with him however he was too exhausted so as they both lent down to grab their bags he just added an “I don’t know.” Now that the first job of collecting their own shit was done, they needed to find a place to sleep. “Sherlock where are we going to go for the night?” Sherlock had already begun walking in a certain direction before John asked the question. “The Langbury.” John felt himself getting agitated; he just attempted to reassure himself he just needed sleep, “the what?” Sherlock turned his head to face John but continued to walk forward, “it is a hotel up the hill, detective Chalmers booked us in, did I not tell you?” John made a scoffing sound and dragged his heels for a second, signs of irritation even Sherlock did not pick up on, and then said, “no, you didn’t.” So the pair walked in perpetual silence side by side, Sherlock thinking, John merely concentrating on placing one foot in front of the other with bed in mind.
“Alright John, sleep well.” John waved to Sherlock before shutting the door to have the most blissful sleep he has had for as long as he can remember.
They sat up in the same moment to face their wrinkled guard dog. As Sherlock wiped his cheeks and John prodded at his knee, their faces both still bearing the same smile, Sherlock said matter of fact, “there is a man dead on that beach and I believe this could be the boat on which he was killed, or at least ferried to be forever lost at sea, so if you don’t mind you would be really helping us out in looking, no one will know, neither of us will leave prints and if this is in fact the murderers boat and we can prove it, we have caught a murderer, on getting said confession therefore we’ll tell everyone in this tiny place that you helped in catching this blasphemous criminal that had momentarily thwarted the tourism that is Minehead, you will get a pat on the back and a congrats, they may even give you some extra money in retirement, so I suggest you go back to sleeping on the bollard, or even go home if you wish to allow us to get on with our work.” The purposeful well placed sarcasm and drama in Sherlock’s words made John smile even further. The owl man began to protest, “but…” Sherlock sighed now, smile fading, “how about this then, you go back to the police office, inform them all that we are trespassing and bring them back with whatever colossal mood that seems to have beset you, hmm? How does that sound?” With that the man was gone, muttering something about “unprofessionalism” as he went. Before he had even reached the adjoining bridge John was protesting as they both remained sitting on the swaying deck, “Sherlock! What did you do that for? They might kick us off the case!” As Sherlock stood he rolled his eyes and said from height, “oh please, you heard detective Chalmers, they need us.”
John now stood at his desk and began to laugh. Laugh just as he had when Sherlock and he ended up laughing so hard they ended up on the floor. John began to walk about his office. He strutted and walked as if he was raised out of a wheelchair by some gospel miracle. “SHERLOCK I’M WALKING. I CAN’T BELIEVE I AM JUST WALKING LIKE A NORAML HUMAN BEING. God it has been years. My leg! My leg no longer hurts. What did YOU DO ShErLoCk?!!”
Sherlock began to pace, “So you are telling me Anderson that the police are investigating a murder and have failed to collect and inspect the dead woman’s recent correspondence through post? Something that is a clear way of finding out who she has been in touch with, the contents itself may even point us in the direction of not only who killed her but the motive behind it. You are all useless! No wonder you need me.”
John turned to face the detective, wonder in his eyes, "yes, quite Sherlock. Yes, I do like the sea." With that he turned to face the ever passing water once more. Sherlock was hesitant but he felt this niggling in his gums, he needed to know more, compute all this, learn all of John's humanity. He didn't need to feel all of life at once, because he could do it through John. "How so?" was all Sherlock managed, John turned around once again, Sherlock was interested, it made him feel wanted. It was, nice. John began to speak in the same manner, quiet as if he was conferring the most important secret of all, interweaving his inner most self with Sherlock's senses. "It reminds me of how small I am, no matter how important we think we are, it is nature that will win, the ocean could spew any of us with no consideration, it's the same feeling I get when I look at the stars, one day the sun will expand and then collapse in on itself, dragging us all and all that has ever been made here with it, to a planet millions of miles away it will just look like a tiny star has gone out, when a whole solar system has imploded into nothing, you and me and all of this" John gestured to the life outside himself, Sherlock watched his hands and interpreted their gravitas, and then John continued, Sherlock clawing at every syllable, "and all of it is joined at the seams, the perfect stitch, impossibly synced, the sun warms the water, the moon moves the waves, the sea moves the land, the land is where we must be. It controls everything, but it's just all so beautiful at the same time." With that John turned back to look at the waves, and they were even close enough now that John could see the white tips of the water as they rose and dipped, rose and dipped, rose and dipped. Sherlock meanwhile could do nothing other than look at John until the bus eventually stopped with a sputter. How could he see all of that by just looking at a large area of endless blue liquid? Sherlock, could not see it, he wanted to see it. Maybe he would, but for now he would just have to use John to guide him through this blindness.
“Okay, okay, erm, gosh that is tricky. I would kill, erm, wow this is hard, I guess I would let it continue its course.”
Sherlock was shaking slightly, it could have been from his body attempting to repair itself from its abuse, or just maybe, just maybe, it could have been from John’s words. His eyes were cast to his lap and his body was no longer tense.
As John went to protest, Sherlock completely ignored the wording and said “221b Baker Street, take the back roads, the cobbled ones, it takes seventeen minutes longer and my companion here is paying, and seeing as he has just left his job I don’t want to see him ripped off.”
This all flooded through John’s mind right up to the second he was in front of this ‘Molly Hooper.’ She was very pleasant. How could John judge so instantaneously? It seems John didn’t realize how bad his insecurity had become. He had admittedly in the past few years distanced himself from any form of human appraisal. He needed to get back in the habit of normal human comfort, maybe even enjoy it once more.
John made a “hmm” noise before he began to rejoin Sherlock in the search for clues. They swept about the room and instead of the initial overlook they’d just given; they began to look at the minutia of the room. Admittedly Sherlock more emphatically than John, but that was simply in his puppy dog nature.
On reaching his room Sherlock changed from his dressing gown to a purple shirt and suit trousers, not black but charcoal. Sherlock always thought presentation was a way of ensuring people didn’t know anything about you. It was a tool, a key to show whomever you meet that you are powerful. Sherlock thought dressing smart and rich was a way of intimidating and adding to his persona of a complete asexual intellectual. A man that you could trust with knowledge, but not with personal information that was unnecessary to logic. Logic that could have the potential to save lives. Often, Sherlock would be frustrated by the lack of information he could keep at the foremost of his thoughts. Hence why he created the conceptual Mind Palace. A practice that keeps logic to a computerized system; one that has a tested and proven success rate. If Sherlock were to dress like everyone else on a daily basis people may tell him useless information, things that will not add to saving people or providing true justice. Sherlock had to be good at what he did, he needed the work, if he wasn’t good at it, then he would not ever have access to it. That would definitively kill him. Now he was with John though, what he wore maybe wasn’t as important, especially if he wanted to work with John in the future. Sherlock looked at his bare feet and smiled.
John took and deep breath and accepted what was happening, maybe it could be fun after all. He rose up from his position and sat up straight once more. “Right, erm I would, do the same as you, speak everything on my mind, everyone tells me I should speak more anyway.”
The men were forced to stand at the same time and then they walked. John began to struggle, the fight or flight response had kicked in, but Sherlock nudged at John who stood next to him the whole way, which made him stop. The two men walked with guns at their temples and a stranger holding their arm for what felt like an age.
Sherlock nodded and John could feel excitement rising in his chest, a real case interview. "Can you get us in?" was all Sherlock said, Lestrade nodded with a cheeky grin on his face. Sherlock uttered a child hood "yes!" as if he had finally been told he can have an ice cream. "Haven't got as far as an interview in ages!" Sherlock clapped once, "brilliant. John we need to head back to 221b to prepare." With that Sherlock whirled around and began to walk away, Sherlock was not one for goodbyes, John was still getting used to the social skills thing, so he had some how become Sherlock's mouth piece, or fake interpreter, something along those lines. "Erm, well Lestrade, Greg, thank you, see you in the morning, Sherlock will get him." They shook hands and Lestrade corrected him, "
After more bones, darkness, more eyes, confused loss-inducing weaving, and more foul smell, there it was. The heart of skulls. Fourteen skulls shaped in the shape of a heart, it was darker than the rest of the surroundings, from around the corner someone spoke, "You're late Doctor Watson."
Driving into the Capital made Sherlock feel his wanderlust burn, after this case he simply wanted John to continue driving until London made her demands once more. Champs Elysees was sparkling under a midnight sky, late night shoppers waltzed romantically amidst the smell of meat cooking as it sizzled through the air from the moonlit entrepreneurs. John felt his eyes droop and his skin was tight on his knuckles, he needed rest. Paris of course, was exciting, he thought of his grandmothers words from when he was a boy,
They queued at the bus stop directly parallel to the train station. There were several older couples, and one crying infant strapped in a pram alongside a bedraggled and clearly exhausted mother. Apart from that they were quite alone. The bus pulled in a mere three minutes later and the pair clambered on with their small number of possessions, Sherlock showed his transfer ticket to the driver who had an utterly ridiculous curly moustache and huge mutton chops as grey and wiry as an ancient poodle, (something that both John and Sherlock would laugh about later) and John did the same with at least a "hello" and a "thank you," something Sherlock it seemed would never get the hang of. The bus was slow and people came and went from the large thunder of a vehicle. John and Sherlock mainly sat in silence. Sherlock had insisted that he needed an aisle seat and on John asking why Sherlock simply pointed at his legs, with an obvious face; wide eyed and urgent. 'Why did he have to be so bloody tall' John thought as he slithered in to sit at the tinted windows that were peeling at the corners.
"Not to mention a lawyer" John remarked, "yes so educated, just as I had deduced from the original letter" Sherlock rebutted. John rolled his eyes; always the smart aleck. John practically ignored him, "so good cop bad cop?"
“Rejection then, John you’re such a goldfish, stop it. I don’t understand humanity in that way Watson. Just curious. Partially why I need you here.”
The woman typed for what felt like a most unnecessary amount of time. John kept looking at the door waiting for this mob to show up and lead him to his execution. Once the bill was paid for and the card was back to its owner, the woman went to speak but John didn’t wait. He wheeled Sherlock out of the door, and with a lot of serious pain, squeezed him into a back of a taxi before following him and saying “airport please.”
Lestrade pushed a button on his phone and one of his flies wafted in and on following the order took the letter with plastic gloves even though it was now in a plastic bag. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the whole thing. Once this theatrics was done, Sherlock demanded “address?!”
John took one look at Sherlock who had now given up his protest and sat on a chair in Lestrades’ office. He looked like that aforementioned child in the supermarket who had now given up in his want. The cereal had been put back on the shelf and now they have sat on the floor in a stoop. Sherlock had put his knees up onto the chair so that they aligned with his chest. His eyes were angry and cast to the floor, he wanted nothing more than to punch someone but he clenched his fists. Maybe he'd fight Anderson later. John didn’t think it possible for a full grown adult to look so childish.
Sherlock stood tall, eyes tight shut, hands in the air at ear level, mind clearly whirring for if this was a cartoon his head would be literally spinning. Then within a minute his eyes burst open and he said, “yes! Brilliant yes! Of course!” John and Lestrade could have punched him, they really could, “what Sherlock?!” was all John could muster. Without looking at either of them Sherlock let himself back into the interview room and this time both Lestrade and John followed him in. Henry and Lestrade had already met so it was minor recognition of one another before they all sat down. John now sat next to Henry with Sherlock directly opposite; Lestrade sat opposite Henry with Sherlock by his side. The four of them all sat leaning in, close to one another, as if at a secret meeting no one must know of outside of that room. Sherlock spoke soft, “Henry, how did your wife and your sister get on?” John gave Sherlock a questioning look, once more he was confused, his eyes said ‘you think it’s the wife?’ Sherlock replied with a tiny tilt of the head understanding John’s mental question just by reading his face. Henry stuttered, “well I mean, they got on I suppose, she always thought Eleanor was great with the kids.” Sherlock was not satisfied, “did she know about you and Eleanor’s affair. Henry swallowed hard, the thought alone made his heart sink, “I don’t think so.” Whilst they had been talking, Sherlock had reached his hand down and removed his phone from his trouser pocket, without looking he typed a message out and on Henry’s answer, Lestrades’ phone buzzed. He knew it was Sherlock, he too grabbed his phone from his own inner coat pocket, he read the message in his lap. With that he nodded at Watson and Holmes and left the room. John knew Sherlock had just given an instruction and he wanted to know. It was an itch that needed scratched. He felt his heart quicken and he could hear his own heart beat racing in his head. Lestrade was off to get the murderer, and John knew it. He sat there thinking as to how it could have been the wife? Why would the wife have done it? She died of shock, your sister-in-law, now that would be shocking. If she knew about the incest and the cheating that does give a motive, jealousy? Rage? The desire for it to end. All of them.
Sherlock and John need to act husbands for a case, they also need to imitate police officers at risk of arrest just to get on a murderers boat...
As soon as John went to ask what Sherlock was doing, it became clear what he was trying to tell him, at the fourth button the shirt was open enough to reveal something John had missed. There was a very thin looking cut maybe an inch long stretching from the gap between the rib gage down towards the belly button. John winced a little bit and there was an audible gasp from Olivia, as Sherlock endeavoured to continue to undo the rest of the buttons John looked away until the shirt was completely open. On returning to look at the body there were a further three marks of the same width and length varied around the gut region. John could not take his eyes away, "how? How could I have missed that?" Sherlock said a comforting, "it's alright, not easy to detect unless stumbled upon. You were right about one thing, he was killed on land, either bare chested at time of stabbing, or his shirt has been replaced once he has bled dry. The salt water would also have washed any remaining blood away from making contact with the fresh material fibres, it also helped that he has washed up on his back, meaning that if there are no wounds on the back the blood has no way of forcing itself out without a heart beat, however I think there is not really any blood left in this body meaning that he has been dead for at least twelve hours at the time of washing up and the shirt would have been put on or replaced a long while after death, most likely just before being dumped into the water judging by just how clean the shirt is, too difficult to do on a boat unless the boat was large, we need to know of any sitings of boats of a considerable size maybe three miles off shore, too risky further in and it can't be any further out than that other wise he would not have washed up at all, washed out to sea instead. He could have been dropped maybe eights miles along the coast line in juxtaposition for the tide and the time, this body is fresh, under twenty fours when taking in consideration the overall flexibility of the joints and the limbs, so not much more than that, so that is our search field, from those figures and judging by the condition of his skin, I would say he has been in the water for at least seven hours, either the murderer wanted his body to wash up for someone to find, or they are just a complete idiot who had no plan when murdering an American Politician, amateur, statistically I would hazard towards the latter. This means that we have a definite place of murder, to drag a body over board takes strength, could be more than one involved in the murder, place of murder means there would have been a lot of blood spilled, messy and hard to completely cover up, and we are looking for a fairly large knife with a sharp point. Olivia, he needs to be moved to where he can be fully inspected within the hour and we need to begin questioning people immediately, tell no one specific facts, only that there is a dead man on the beach, we also will need keys to access the dock, we need to inspect boats." With that Olivia exited the tent and she was soon heard talking on the phone to whoever could make all of those a reality. "Brilliant" was breathed out of John, genuine amazement written all over his form. Sherlock felt an internal jolt of delight, showed nothing, and then proceeded to pull the two sides of the shirt back together and put the central button through it's allotted counter part so that Paul was semi covered.
Sherlock placed both letters in his lap. John and he took a moment of pause to gather the new piece of information together and fit it all together on their mental map (or Sherlock’s palace.) John sighed and asked “what about your letters?”
Sherlock was almost impressed by the Doctor’s deductions. He cracked a content smile before saying calmly “fair.”
He looked up from his defiant stare out the window down at the picture. She was easily recognizable and Sherlock most definitely felt responsible for her death. John continued with his story.
I am writing to you anonymously with regards to a death. A relative of mine died all of two days ago and I am finding it hard to believe it was from natural causes. Her name was Eleanor Scott. She was 34 and I have knowledge that she was involved in some pretty shady business regarding illegal smuggling of an array of things, particularly from the East. Whoever she worked with paid her between £20’000 and £60’000 depending upon the item. After her death, I visited her apartment on Sycamore Avenue in Hampstead, to find the place looking practically ransacked. I think her death was a struggle. I don’t know if the police know she was murdered and are keeping it a secret, or if there is another explanation. Any help would be useful, I have a contact with Scotland Yard who will inform me of your progress. Any success will mean reward.
When he calmed down he faced Sherlock and said as serious as he could muster “I am glad you are back Sherlock.”
Walking along the platform, John realised that this was once again a new place. In the short month he had known Sherlock, he had been to a immeasurable number of places, more than he had done in arguably his whole life. Since coming back from Afghanistan, he became sort of stagnant. There were affects of course, that is inescapable, part of the job or whatever, but it meant that for years he just sat in that office feeling unsatisfied in anything, wanting simultaneously to go back to his glory days as a hero, being needed, but also never revisit them again for the fear it may revel. Then drugged up Sherlock arrived, reeling and pacing, both of them had met when they were at their lowest function it seemed. Yin and Yang on a collision course. Then that room, that office came alive again. The place where John at one stage could only get distracted in his books and his increase for knowledge in his field, often wanting to be anywhere but there. A bloody ridiculous curly haired detective changed all that. Immediately John was fascinated with Sherlock's world, not only did he want to see it, he wanted to be in it. And here he was.
John sat forward and scrunched his eyebrows together. Waiting patiently for Sherlock to finally speak.
The double doors of the hospital room had been flung open and John felt embarrassed to be walked in on like this, in such a personal moment. But wait, none of this made sense. Sherlock was in the bed, in the hospital bed, fast asleep, he can’t have moved that fast? And John was still in the chair?!
The boys were pleased to receive the next case almost immediately. John and Sherlock had two days case free. John was very happy for the two days, and quite frankly he could have had a whole week, however Sherlock was desperate for something else to do after a mere six hours. He stumbled around the flat sometimes in silence and sometimes in loud babble; continuous nonsense that John didn't listen to. The second day mainly consisted of Sherlock playing his violin in a bed sheet. John could not stop laughing every time he saw Sherlock walk around in that sheet.
Just as Sherlock parted his lips and was about to respond, a rather old woman came around the corner with a trolley holding two plates containing lasagna and garlic bread. She had to have been nearing retirement, she shuffled with a slight limp and she was beyond caring about her personal appearance. She pushed the trolley over to the table and squeezed the plates alongside the in play chessboard.
John pointed out two men who were in the aisle ahead who were putting their baggage into the overhead lockers. “What about them?”
The good thing about Paris in the height of the tourism period, was that everything was always open. 24 hours a day, Paris had its lights whether it was by the sun or the ever glow of the night. John and Sherlock checked in and did not bother heading up the stairs. A conversation had started that had no patience, there was nothing they could do about the bad guys they were chasing after until the sun rose, so they sat in the bar. It was nice, swanky sorta' place. Sherlock ordered two White Russians from the midnight barman, who seemed pleased that someone ordered an interesting cocktail for once. John was impressed at his perfect French for the second time that day. Sherlock told John to "go find a seat" whilst he watched the barman prepare the drinks with all the flourish of his training. John swivelled round to find the entire place deserted, all apart from two men in black suits sitting in an alcove. They looked like part of the furniture, blending in with the hushed light of the blackness outside. John pulled off his coat in a stretch of relief as he sat at a corner table with a wonky leg. It would do, and on sitting down John knew he did not want to move for a while.
Sherlock reached up and pressed the little button with the image of a stick figure to call over a flight attendant. A striking looking woman approached and she made John practically blush. Sherlock didn’t even seem to notice her beauty. She was so pristine and every hair on her head was in its place. “How can I help you today?”
John uttered an “Oh Sherlock” more to himself than to his patient before springing into action. John ran to the bathroom, grabbed a series of towels and placed them under Sherlock’s body, he wanted to slow bleeding that was leaving his back and he wanted to prevent infection where possible. On opening the small room fridge he took out the four bottles of water and the small glass alcohol bottles from the top, all containing vodka, of which there were three.
They were wrapped up in cotton wool like a babe, and now they were in the real world, the cold harsh world with an immediate murder to investigate and the reality of who Sherlock Holmes really is. John thought that he didn’t like Sherlock like this, and that scared him, because this is who Sherlock was, he appeared inconsiderate to get the work done, or maybe he genuinely didn’t care. John for a second thought he didn’t want to find out.
“Sherlock, I believe I shall order us some lunch from the kitchens to be brought here, usually we are meant to go down to the dining area to socialize with like minded rehab people, but I think you couldn’t think of much worse. Am I right?”
At some point they were put into a back of some kind of a vehicle, most likely a car. They were forced to lie down in the fetus position, squashed next to one another with their heads to the floor. Somehow it seemed Sherlock had managed to get the tape away from his lips, admittedly it was still muffled and as quiet as breath but at least he could speak. The words almost made a completely terrified John jump out of skin.
Sherlock immediately knew that name, he continued reading eagerly. John was right, he did like this.
John briefly snickered. Sherlock was most definitely okay and returning to himself already. "Amazing Sherlock." In that moment, there was no doubt about it, John had feelings for Sherlock. Shit. He stood up and went and got his phone and its charger out his case. He located a plug and said as calmly as possible despite his affirmation, "we need to let it charge for a second." Sherlock nodded. Then after a moments silence Sherlock said quietly and without a whisper of emotion,"I'm sorry John, you wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me." John without looking at Sherlock and still looking at the phone in his hand said "I'm here on my own want, and, erm, I am glad you are okay." On Sherlock's question they finally looked at one another. "Did they hurt you?" John shook his head, "no. They just left me on my own is all'." Sherlock nodded once and then said, "you're not okay though. I can see it. People normally, want to, talk about these things. Feel free." Every utterance was awkward and unsure but John was glad it was said. John then left the phone by the socket it was attached to, walked over to the chair by Sherlock's bedside, sat and said "Well, I was mostly concerned about you, and your, whereabouts, I of course worried for my own life, but I was mostly worried about you. They told me nothing, you know, so my mind went to, as we can correctly see, dark places." There was a pause for breath when Sherlock crinkled his brow and said "There's something else."
Sherlock went to write on the board but found himself hesitating, chalk only a centimeter from the board, still facing away from John he said “yes, but what killed her?”
John and Sherlock have just left for their first case together, John sees the difference in Sherlock immediately, and it worries him.
Sherlock arrives in what is essentially John's prison cell, it appears he too has been suffering. The meet the crime boss and some questions need to be answered. Brave or stupid, you decide.
“What if I win now? You would have just given it all up.” John moved his hands vigorously as he spoke.
Sherlock shook his head with the same slight smile still upon his lips. “Sherlock this is going to hurt, and hurt a lot, but I need you to sit up, I need to do the same on your back as I have done on your front. I also want to check your skull.” The smile dipped back into tight lips and Sherlock, with John’s help, winced his way to an awkward seating position in which he was almost entirely propped by John. The sounds of pain that escaped Sherlock’s lips made John almost cry. Whilst he didn’t have the physical injuries Sherlock had, mentally, he was not at his strongest. He pealed the shirt off completely, slowly and carefully, and the back was even worse than the front. The lines etched across his back would most likely never leave.
These words did the opposite of calm. John was furious and all of a sudden he felt like he couldn’t breathe. He was suffocating and there was nothing he could do about anything. He started to wriggle; he needed to do something, anything to be able to breathe. “John, please, I promise it will be fine.” John wanted to scream at him. “How can this be fine?! How can anything possibly like this be fine?!!! What the fuck have we got ourselves into?! God I am such an idiot!!!” Alas he could do nothing but squirm.
John took a deep breath and repeated what he did at the front, he washed him down with alcohol, much to Sherlock's pain, stitched up what needed it and then wiped him clean, before finally drying him. He followed that up with an assessment on the spine and the head; both seemed okay and not in a crisis stage, his ribcage was another story, and John's mind turned to the concern of potential internal bleeding. Sherlock was now fairly clean, and from just looking at him, if fully clothed you probably wouldn’t be able to tell he had just endured torture if he didn't want to give it away.
She unwove herself from under John’s arm. Her action was accompanied with the words “maybe you boys should go out for dinner.”
It took the fourth yelp of “John!” before John stopped what he was doing to pay attention to Sherlock. “Sherlock we don’t have time!”
Anderson nodded before the three of them waddled up the stairs in a conga-esque line. Reaching the top Anderson unlocked the front door to what was Eleanor’s apartment. The door squeaked as it opened, and John felt a little bit naughty about the whole thing. This was 100% legitimate, they were on a case, and they were with a police officer for god’s sake. But they were entering a completely alien place. A place that didn’t belong to any of them. A place where a woman was potentially murdered.
On the journey home Sherlock could feel all his senses coming alive again, his deductions became quicker and more specific the longer the journey went on. And he had to admit, drug free all of it was easier, better. Both Mycroft and John were right. Drugs didn’t benefit his work at all. He would point out every adulterer, gambler, dealer, liar and more to John in that car. And once again John would just utter praise. Sherlock didn’t think he’d ever get used to it. People normally called him freak or something just as cruel. It had made a hard shell out of him. With everything John said he could feel parts of it chipping away, and it was nice, but mostly scary. Sherlock had never let his guard down to anyone before. Yet Sherlock trusted him, and he figured that if they trusted each other completely, with their lives even, the better they would work together. It may have only been two weeks but they were unbelievable together. If someone where to meet them it would appear that they had known each other since birth.
"No Raj, it's fine, if you did, we did not mention any names with in the case, only circumstance so it is safe, I am simply curious, a third opinion never hurts Raj, especially a strangers opinion, helps ones mind tick, I have only had my... colleague here to speak too on this, what do you think?" Raj relaxed a little more and the previous boyish friendly grin reacquainted his face. "Well I dunno' all the facts right, but, it sounds like you lot fink' it's the half bruvva, but that's what everyone expects right? like it's the obvious one innit, so maybe look else where or sum'mit." Sherlock sat back in his seat and steepled his hands below his chin. Under his breath, audible to John alone Sherlock repeated the words, "some one else, some one else, some one else."
Sherlock nodded some more, “I am the same John, I wouldn’t pull the lever.” Again there was a brief pause and John said, “I think we should both drink to that.” So the two men picked up their plastic cups and knocked them gently together, before taking a mutual gulp.
“You’ll thank me for it later. Just eat a banana and definitely drink the water. You would have lost a lot last night.”
As soon as it was in place Sherlock leapt behind it again and back into his room where John could hear a great deal of noise of things being tossed around carelessly. Then there were several frustrated phrases along the lines of “where are they?” from Sherlock before John heard a hum of contentment only for him to reappear moments later with a stick of white chalk raised in his right hand.There was definitely never a dull moment with Sherlock. As if to focus, John slipped off his black jacket and undid the top button of his blue shirt, then untucked the shirt from his trousers. Sherlock reared around the great board and faced John much like a professor would to a student. He clasped both hands behind his back, chalk still in hand and began with their current findings, “now John, name of victim.”
Sherlock looked to the chain once more, holding it up in the dimness of the tent, lit only from the torch that sat in John's lap. "But this chain, it was too important to get rid of," Sherlock looked from the aloft chain to connect eyes with John, "thoughts?" John took a big breath, elevating his shoulders as he did so, "right well, I have no idea about the jewellery, erm, but this man has been I, erm, suspect he's been dropped in the water not far off shore by someone else, his face is not the right colour for drowning, he would be purple, and his eyes would be erm, bulgier" John paused at that word, he did not like the fact he'd said that word, but he carried on, "a postmortem will obviously inform us if there is water in the larynx or the lungs and if it's a justifiable amount for cause of death, but I don't think it is, so he has been killed on land, or died on land, and dropped into the ocean by someone who was there or found him, dead, there is no clear way of death that I can see, no head wounds or informative bruising, no blood or lacerations, so I can't tell a cause." John looked up waiting for a reply, Sherlock leaned a little further in, "do you think he was murdered?" John cleared his throat and the emotion displayed on his face became a little more severe, "not that I can see of no I don't think so." Sherlock sighed a big sigh and slowly began to undo the victims shirt button by button from the neck down, he was a big man with a round belly and the shirt, although nearly dry, it was tight and awkward to do.
John and Sherlock are flying out to China to make progress in a smugglers case, on getting bored on the long flight Sherlock suggested a drinking game, hilarity ensues.
On returning to their home, John had taken the wishful liberty to take his shoes and socks off and walk bare foot amongst the changing floor of the London flat. Just as he had in his office when Sherlock and he barely knew one another a while ago. It felt like a whole other lifetime and as John flicked the switch and the kettle began to chime it’s hopeful tune, whistling as if breathing amongst the other wise silent kitchen, he thought of that first meeting. In the rehabilitation center he worked in unhappily and continuously like a dull drum or a wind turbine forced to keep turning by the moving air that makes such demands of it. An atmosphere that truly crushes the soul and weighs more and more upon the heart. Sherlock had ignored the initial handshake and John didn’t really think anything of it. John had seen many in denial and angry patients before, if anything it was a courteous experience in comparison. Better to be ignored than punched in the face or cursed at by a complete stranger, actually worse a future patient. The man had seen combat for gods sake, he could handle a single addicted piece of flesh. Sherlock was definitely different. John liked him instantaneously. Just as the world was a puzzle to Sherlock, John saw a puzzle in the man and he felt the need to explore and crack it, something he hadn’t felt the urge to do in years. A doctor without a motivation is a dead thing indeed. Sherlock breathed life into John immediately. As he handed Sherlock the mug in the present time, he looked at the man he already owed too much too. Sherlock didn’t even know it. He was thinking of the case and the case alone, something he had warned John of an array of times now. So the mug lay growing increasingly cold and it’s contents left un-drunk and placid.
John went to his array of books and picked out a book called “Cocaine: A definitive history” by journalist Dominic Streatfield. Sherlock recognised it instantly. “I’ve already read that John.”
With that the boss spoke in his native language and the two men were walked to a car, had bags placed once more over their heads, but instead of being shoved in the boot, they were sat in the back of a van, still attached to one another. John was even still thinking at this stage as the vehicle bumped along and the darkness had still its grip on him. At least now he knew he wasn’t going to die in that place, and neither was Sherlock. “John.”
They don’t understand how that has affected you, or they may not even be able to remotely empathize. Once John took himself out of his trance with his bad thoughts he felt himself panic. He began to over breathe and his blood turned from acid to alkaline. His eyes welled up and he felt the back of his throat tighten and it became incredibly difficult to breathe. His chest began to burn with every expansion and all he could think was ‘fuck fuck how could you be so stupid.’ This was Sherlock on a case; this is how he would be most of the time. Not the Sherlock John had got to know and like in the sanctity of his office, which was case free and in which Sherlock didn’t have a genuine worry.
John smattered around both their hotel rooms, hastily trying to get all of their belongings together. He also attempted to clean up any of Sherlock’s blood, which some how seemed to be on everything. John was so caught up in what he was doing and the feeling of panic made him miss Sherlock’s initial efforts to try and catch his attention. “John” was all Sherlock could muster, he was quiet at first, but the more he felt himself spiraling the more he raised his voice. They were literally running out of time. They had now approximately just over three hours to be at the airport, en route of being out of the country. If they weren’t, they would most likely be recaptured by the gang and taken back to that god-forsaken place were they would definitely die. John really really really did not want to die there.
Sherlock in his complete isolation had apparently lost all cause and consequence of human, no John’s behaviour. This frightened him. Frightened him to the point where his mind went somewhere else, he was on a fast train that wasn’t stopping even though he was screaming to leave.
“Sherlock, if you wish you could go and get changed whilst I order our food? Then we can begin our awaited chess match once you get back? We could play until our food arrives, oh it’s lasagna today by the way, the garlic bread with it is better than the pasta itself but it does the job.”
John followed the ladies words and opened the double doors at the end of some corridor to find Sherlock lying in a hospital bed, with so many wires and tubes funnelling his body with fluids and ensuring none of it could fail. He was still unconscious, and it appeared as if blood was still slowly making its way out of his lung through the tube into a sealed container, but it was only small amounts. John knew the tube would be removed in a few days once the blood literally stopped draining from the lung. They had to make sure nothing remained in the lung, as it could cause further health problems. John was almost glad that he had to stay in one place for a few days, he would most likely feel safer back in the familiar territory of London, but in such a public establishment as this, tracking and then removing Sherlock and John from the hospital without any attention being drawn was near impossible.
“Yes John, you’d be right. I see you have already set up chess. You’ve chosen the black side, interesting. Why give me the advantage of starting first? Maybe you like the underdog. Or maybe you think you are good enough to win without the advantage.”
This young man looked at John for what seemed to be the first time, “rooms? Oh no sir you just have the one room, we only got a call for the one room.” He frantically began to flick through the paper work that sat on the desk in front of him. Sherlock spoke up, “it’s fine, just give us the key, as you can see my friend here is tired.” Sherlock gave a weak smile and then received a fervent nod, John rubbed his eyes and blinked hard several times in the hope he wouldn’t collapse right there in the lobby. A cupboard on the wall was open and there were around sixty individual hooks, all numbered, some with keys hanging and some missing. The key removed for them was number thirty six and they began to head to the curved stair case left of the desk, the receptionist spoke to them anyhow, probably following protocol, “third floor, breakfast is from five thirty until ten.” Sherlock and John ignored him and headed to their room. Sherlock could feel an imminent crash. John could feel the ground beneath him with each step but he was paying no attention at all, one hundred percent autopilot.
fav chapter line: "Oh John for god sake don't become a feeling idiot in this moment." John just began to laugh, Sherlock had just made them a 'we.' He felt butterflies in his belly.
John walked close to Sherlock, and admired the stitching across his scalp and across the rest of his visible skin. They had done a good job, John thought. He was pleased and impressed at their work. On this assessment he sat in the chair next to Sherlock’s bed, and though he did try to fight it, he fell asleep almost immediately.
