When he walked out of the bathroom, he was hit with the unmistakable scent of...sex. He looked to his bed and it was a sticky mess. Right - how had he forgotten already? Other-Tony had told him, right before he left, to get his sheets washed. He pulled the sheets and cover off and threw everything down the laundry chute. After putting on fresh bedsheets, he laid out and stared up at the ceiling.
On his nightstand, he spotted the phone Tony had given him when they first moved in. Sitting up, he grabbed the phone, looking it over. He'd only used it a few times, when Fury would call him. He would take it to SHIELD meetings, but otherwise it mostly stayed on the nightstand, connected to its charger.
"I see." Pepper pulled out her phone, punching in a text, and waved for Steve to follow her outside. "Would you like to join me for lunch? My treat. It's the least I could do for helping us."
"It'll be foolproof! Now that we know the bugs..." Tony realized with a start that he'd been blabbering on for a while. Embarrassed, he turned to Steve, expecting a response to his proposal. Instead, he found the other man mesmerized. Lost in his eyes. He was leaning in - closer - and there was no explosion or overzealous robot to stop them this time. Tony froze, watching Steve’s lips until he felt them on his own. It was chaste, Steve's mouth softly opening against his. Steve hesitated for a moment, almost pulling away, but Tony’s brain rebooted at the last second, and finally he kissed back.
Tony was light-headed, the feeling of Steve’s cock filling him up, his tongue fucking into his mouth, his own cock squeezed between them, leaking cum making it wet and slippery. He’d never felt so wanted, so full of love and so full of Steve.
"Shit." He hissed at himself. He'd forgotten to tell Tony about...last night. Of course he had. But how could he even bring that up without having to explain his obviously unwelcome feelings for Tony?
He gave Tony a little time to cool off. After a while, he went looking for the man, and since Tony said he'd be working on Steve's bike, he headed down to the garage. When he got there though, there was no sign of Tony or his bike anywhere. Figuring Tony must have taken the bike to his lab to work on it, he headed that way instead.
"What if there's a scam artist who figures out who he is? He isn't exactly the stealthy type." He waved his screwdriver in the air. "Someone is bound to take advantage of him. He's so trusting! He'll probably think every American he meets is a 'swell fellow' and recites the national anthem before bed."
find out? So much for exposure therapy. Well, if Tony was going to have his heart broken, the least he could do was make it easier on poor Steve, just trying desperately to be nice about it. He sighed and got on with it.
But he would be lying to himself if he didn't admit that the one touch he needed was Tony's. He could have everyone on Earth's hands on him, but if it wasn't Tony, it would never be enough. When Tony was in a room, NOT touching him, it's like every nerve ending in his body was on fire, desperate to reach out to him. He would be hyper aware of the man's every move, savoring every small gift of a hand on his shoulder, or an accidental bump when walking by.
After a second, he felt Tony relax into him, even move a little closer, resting his chin next to Steve's neck, and heard a tiny whisper.
"Hm?" Tony opened his eyes and looked at Steve. God, those beautiful eyes shone even in the dark, small tears glistening in them from trying to stay awake. "Twister?"
Tony. Tony might know what's going on. He didn't seem phased by his episode last night, in fact he seemed to know just what to say to make Steve feel better. Steve quickly jumped in the shower, packed his things and left a huge tip on the nightstand. He stopped by the front desk to apologise once again, then he took his bike and drove for a few minutes, just long enough to pull over somewhere outside town. Then, he called Tony, hoping the man would be up by now.
"Is everything okay?" Steve asked in the most delicate voice, rubbing his thumb back and forth on Tony's tense back. He saw Tony take a sharp breath, and a flash of anger in his eyes for a fraction of a second, and he thought the other man would blow up in his face. But then Tony deflated, sighed, looked down and seemed to lose all steam.
Steve shook his head. He wasn't sure where this was coming from. He'd been talking about his trip all last month with everyone in the tower, even getting suggestions about where to go and what to see. Why was Tony so against it now that it was actually happening? Thankfully, the rest of the team was on board with it.
The real kicker was when Steve - amidst this wonderful, if not confusing hug - said he would miss him. This was...unprecedented. Tony let himself feel some hope. He croaked back, trying to hide his welling emotions.
"Pepper invited me. She said something about a flying car." Steve scratched the back of his neck. "But I got stuck on a mission and couldn't get here till just now. I guess I missed it."
"What? No, what are you talking about? You've never made me uncomfortable." Steve placed a hand on Tony's. So...maybe that wasn't it either. Now Tony was too focused on this big warm hand on him. The same hand he saw in the security footage, clutching his waist. His mind wandered for a second, wishing he could remember that night.
“Yeah. To how things used to be. You know, start over.” Tony got that gleam in his eye, the one that appeared whenever he found a new, world-changing project to work on. “We could do a complete overhaul, rewrite the system, wipe the RAM. Burn it all to the ground and rebuild it from scratch! Brand new coding, brand new software.” Steve didn’t exactly know what he was talking about, but as Tony waved his hands above his head, Steve imagined that the genius could see everything, every aspect of their relationship, in front of him, as if his eyes were the holograms in his lab, as if he could see the future as clearly as he could see the sunset across the bay.
“So, you’ll stay?” Steve had been itching to ask since the moment he knew Tony was back in the tower.
Even when Pepper left. Tony cried on Steve’s shoulder hard that week. Even when he thought he’d give up the hero business for good, Steve was there, he didn’t care if Tony never flew the suit again, he was just there, making sure Tony had someone even when it felt like the rest of the world had given up on him. He’d told Tony then, that they would be friends always and forever. Superhero or not, Tony was Steve’s friend. And Steve had already given him so much - the inspiration to create, the confidence his father had once shredded to pieces, the wholehearted support he could only dream of before meeting Steve.
"Believe me, handsome. I'll fuck you into the mattress once you're ready. But right now, just while I open you up, it'll need to be nice and slow, okay? Tell me if you want to stop at any point, you can change your mind, and we can do something else, okay? Just breathe for me, we have all the time in the world." Tony fondled his hair as he used an elbow to nudge Steve's knee, the soldier understood his orders and opened up his legs, letting his lover get settled between them. Tony ran his hand over Steve's hole, spreading a little lube there to get him ready.
Tony sipped on his fourth...fifth? highball of the evening while listening to the CEO of Tes-co talk about...one thing or another. Something to do with self-driving cars. Tony stifled a yawn, it was ridiculous of this guy to be proposing such grandiose ideas when his company hadn't even mastered the maneuverability of their anti-gravity vehicles yet. He was likely just trying to show off their R&D department, which had just received a huge boost in funding.
Steve did that. It helped. It was easier to move his legs, and soon he found his way to the bed. The covers were strewn all over, he grabbed the closest one and draped it on his shoulders, sitting, facing the phone. He opened his eyes again (when did he keep closing them?) and saw a worried looking Tony on his screen.
about you. Please - just come home with us. I'll - I'll leave if you want me to. I’ll pack my things and go. Please just come home." Steve begged, not knowing what to do or say. Tony turned anyways, pushing the button to open the cargo doors. Steve could hear the crowd outside.
Steve didn't deserve to be objectified, or drooled over. As much as Tony hated to admit it, his purely aesthetic crush was maybe beginning to develop into something more.
"Please...need you inside me." Steve let out a shaky breath, barely holding himself back from just slamming Tony against the bed and rubbing their bodies together until he felt release. No, he needed to be patient, this is what he'd been waiting for.
"Well, since he is insisting on paying for our little outing today," Natasha pushed Clint off her, "He wants us to get out of the mall and into some 'real stores.' We'd better go to Fifth Avenue, though you may want to look away from the price tags when we get there, Steve."
I've always wanted a kid. I know I could do better than Howard did. I want a chance to give a kid all the love I never got growing up...Heh, showing up Howard - the reason for everything I do. It's really stupid when you think about it, huh?"
“You know they all love you too, right?” Steve gently reminded him. “They care about you. They aren’t the best at showing it, but you haven’t really been around since they came back. If you give them a chance, maybe you’ll see how much they missed you too. Clint was just kidding around yesterday.”
Buck, he’s so afraid of being a burden that he never tells me anything. Never tells anyone what’s bothering him - Sam and I have to force things out of him sometimes, just because he’s so scared of being too much for us to handle.
it, Tony. I’ve seen how you are around Rhodey, and Pepper and Happy, and that kid from Queens, and everyone that you love. Hell, you even used to be that way around me...before...before everything.” Steve sighed, letting go of Tony. Tony’s hands hung in the air, frozen in place. Then, something clicked.
Steve almost jumped a foot in the air. He turned around to investigate where that other voice came from, and saw a disheveled looking Clint laid out on the floor behind the couch, covered in pillows, blankets and a lot of empty water bottles that Natasha probably made him drink.
"Then we'll figure it out together." Tony stated, like it was obvious that they would be spending more time hanging out once Steve got back. The idea made Steve giddy.
from. Every atom, every chemical reaction, every moment in time should be exactly the same. The only difference is that
“Take off your suit.” He demanded as he pulled Steve’s shoes off. Steve had barely finished unbuttoning his shirt when he saw Tony pull the rest of his clothes off without haste. God, he was gorgeous. And all his.
"Just to see the differences in our biology. He had some free time before going to back to Asgard." Bruce explained as he stuck a light in Thor's ear.
"Steve." Tony sighed. "I knew I shouldn't have let him be all by himself. I should've checked up on him more. Now what, I'm just supposed to leave him here? How can I do that, J? Maybe if I call Pepper she'll let me stay-"
All of Tony's brains flew out the window. He stared at the V of muscle peeking out right above Steve's hips, and had to use every ounce of willpower to stop himself from finding out what it tasted like under his tongue.
“I know! I know. I was supposed to finish the solar sail tonight. But my head wasn’t in it. I conked out halfway through.” Steve wondered what he was talking about - he wasn't privy to all of Tony's latest projects - but the engineer sounded apologetic, and his hand was softly caressing its way up to Steve’s shoulder, so Steve listened attentively. “And…I couldn’t stop thinking about
"Got it....done?" Steve looked down and had a helmet in his hands. It was a simple, but stylish looking motorcycle helmet. All black, except for a small wing on each side, and a mirrored visor in the front. "Is this for me?"
Pepper said he needed to play nice and come to this Tech Expo. The expo itself hadn't been too bad - lots of promising ideas from eager, brilliant, scrappy grad students, in fact. He was seriously considering funding some of the projects. But he really didn't want to be at the after-show social right now. They were playing great music, but everyone here was either an industry leader, or a grad student, and as much as he wanted to join the dance floor, he didn't like
“No.” Steve plainly answered. “If you’re Tony Stark, then I trust you. Plus, I know my husband. He’s smart enough to find a way back if he needs to.” He said with utmost confidence. Wow. Why couldn’t the Steve back home trust him like this one did?
on the floor, is what you were gonna do!” Sam reprimanded him, but opened his mouth when Bucky offered him a potsticker in apology. “You look better.” He said to Steve as he shoved Bucky onto a seat at the table. He motioned for Steve to join them. “What was wrong?”
“Oh- good.” Tony changed course, relieved to hear the news. He didn’t think he could do this at the office anyways. He knew he looked like a wreck right now - and he didn’t want anyone else to see that.
do a complete 180 so quickly. “We were just waiting for you guys! The lovebirds are ready to watch Westworld now!” He stuttered out, gripping Bucky’s arm for protection. The whole thing made Tony chuckle under his breath.
Steve let him go, getting back up. He watched as Tony mulled it over, sitting perfectly still. After a minute he was about to ask if everything was okay, when the genius jumped up with wide eyes.
Shoot - the other Tony. Friday had been informed to stay out of his way. Hopefully he wouldn’t cause too much trouble over there. But he might appreciate a few notes in return. If Tony knew himself, he’d hate to miss out on some inter-dimensional experiments.
"What's up with this toothpaste? Did you buy it in Russia or something?" He heard Tony ask from the bathroom.
One dreary afternoon, a week after Steve moved in, Tony decided to go watch some TV in the communal living room. By some miracle, there were no meetings scheduled for that day, so he didn't need to hide out in his lab, and wanted to enjoy the new surround sound he'd installed just a few days ago. Just as he sunk into the couch cushions, he got a text from Pepper.
“No, no. Don't worry.” Tony laid on his side, facing Steve, resting his head on his other hand. He looked very relaxed, for someone who just let himself into Steve’s bedroom unannounced. Well, this conversation was getting nowhere. Steve was aware, somewhere in the back of his groggy mind, that they had problems communicating. Natasha had said, just yesterday, to be firm and direct with him. No time like the present, here goes nothing.
"Well, it's not actually a date-" Steve tried to explain but was interrupted by a suddenly very alert Clint.
"N-no..." Williams was getting irritated. "But, even so. You must understand that our loyalties lie with our stockholders. We work for
"Thank you, Lauren. I appreciate it." He smiled and waved as she left. Closing the door behind him, he let out a long sigh. How did he sleep in so late?
Tony quickly pulled his hand back once they plotted their course back to the quinjet. Steve missed the warmth.
The same spot where - a lifetime ago - they used to meet. It was a perfect afternoon - the sky was clear, the buildings under them just barely turning their lights on as the sun edged closer to the horizon.
Tony looked like he had just been punched in the face. He staggered back a few steps, visibly shocked.
"Hey," Steve laid on his stomach, stuffing a pillow under his chest so he could comfortably keep the phone propped up in front of him. "Bad day?"
tell me about taking responsibility, Rogers!” Tony shouted, slamming his notebook down. He stumbled away from the panels and screens, rubbing his temples. “You know what - I can’t do this right now. Cancel that simulation, FRI. We’ll analyze the numbers later. I’m going to bed.” Tony pushed his way past Steve and bounded into the elevator, not looking back as the doors closed behind him.
Tony had insisted on having all of Steve's things brought over by a moving company. It was a relief to know his few, but precious belongings would be safe while he went on his cross country trip next month. It seemed like everything in the future, Tony included, moved at lightning speed.
“There’s my ride.” Tony turned. “Find Dr. Strange at 177A Bleecker Street. Tell him you want to know about the Infinity Stones, and he will get you back in touch with Thor. He needs your help soon. Oh, one more thing. You might want to wash those bedsheets before Tony finds them.” He winked. “Goodbye, Sunshine.”
Steve turned him around and gave him a good, hard spank on his right buttcheek. Tony was so flabbergasted, that he could only look back in a cold sweat, mouth agape.
universe.” He teased as he wiggled his right hand over his bicep. Tony noticed a ring. Clearly a wedding ring.
"No. Absolutely not. If the Avengers can help you do this and save you millions in the process, then we're doing it. Use that money on another charity project." Steve stood his ground.
Steve looked at his watch, it was late. Tony should get to bed. He stood up first, and then took the other man's hands to pull him up.
Tony - disguised as Rudolph - was able to steal a cookie with Steve's name on it and munch it down because, and I quote, "That's how Santa keeps track of his naughty list, Steve! I'm doing you a favor!" Christine Everhart rolled her eyes behind the camera, but Steve couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day.
"Isn't he the worst?" Tony leaned on the counter next to Steve, "You have to tell me everything. God, I would've loved to see their faces when they realized you were there."
“Hey, chill man. Just slow down and speak up. You said something about another universe? What are you talking about?” Sam asked.
"Just...still hard to believe I guess." Tony smiled, already feeling better in Steve's warm embrace.
“Ugh. These specs are huge. To move a craft of this size, we’d need unlimited energy. Physics says this shouldn’t work, but he was so far into the design, I don’t get why he was still working on it if it was impossible.” Tony rubbed his eyes, and groggily accepted the sweet treats offered to him. “It’s just something I found in Other-Tony’s lab when I went over there. It’s supposed to be a solar sail, for space travel, but I just don’t get how he planned on running it. It would need something small, that could expel an infinite amount of power. Even all my reactors combined would be useless for this.”
Steve watched as three little dots kept appearing and disappearing at the bottom of his screen. Tony was obviously having a hard time typing out whatever he wanted to say. Steve was about to tell him to just ask tomorrow, when he finally got a new message.
"I do." Steve plainly answered, squeezing Tony's hand. Well, at least there was one straight answer from him. "I apologize. It's just an off day for me. I have a...personal problem. I've been trying to get something off my chest but...I just don't think I'm ready yet. But you don't need to worry about it, I promise."
"You may want to know, Captain, that lane splitting is technically legal in the state of California for motorcycles."
"Mhm..." Tony's voice was so soft and nice. Steve wasn't really sure if Tony was asking him for something. But he wanted to keep hearing him talk.
"Nothing...You uh, you look...nice....today. Your, um...hair? Yeah, your hair. It looks...nice." Steve was fidgeting with his hands.
"What's it say??" Rhodey pulled his screen close to his face, suddenly interested in the conversation. Tony nervously opened the message.
He didn't know if he was murmuring out loud or not, head still spinning with thoughts of Tony, but he needed to come again. The pillow he was hugging last night was squished under his stomach, with one hand he quickly pushed it down, humping up and down into it, his dick, tight against his wet boxers, was fucking between the pillow and his rumpled sheets. It didn't take long. One..two..three more pumps and his cock was pulsing again, squirting through the fabric of his underwear and leaking under the pillow, and onto the bed.
"You know, like a trial run. Are you planning on taking a special girl there on a date, and wanted to scope it out first? If so, it's a nice place. I bet she'll love it. I sure did." Tony was peering at their shoes as they walked to the elevators, but Steve could feel him holding his arm just a little tighter.
"Uh. Oh." He heard from the other side of the door. Then he heard some quiet, muffled arguing. If he didn't have his super senses heightened he may not have heard, but it was obvious to him that Tony was arguing with Jarvis about checking up on him. Maybe he shouldn't have come after all, maybe this was over the line- "Uh, yeah." Tony spoke back up, louder so that Steve could hear him. "Come on in. Door's open."
"It's not that easy." Tony pushed his food away, and Steve took the tray, setting it on the nightstand. "They're greedy pigs, they won't listen to reason. Once the initial building costs are out of the way, it would just be maintenance! It's cheap and efficient. But they want to make money on it. There's no need, though. We make more than enough money from the rest of our tech sales, we don't need to become an electrical company on top of that. But they see dollar signs and that's it. That's why I'm going over all this." Tony waved around at all the holograms, books and papers. "I took all the law books I had from my library, I'm trying to find some legal loophole to give me the rights to do this without their approval. My attorneys have been useless, so I have to do it myself. But I don't think it's possible. And they vote on Tuesday. I just don't think this'll happen." He put his arms back down, defeated.
“Lies.” Tony cornered Steve against a wall. “What is the security code, FRIDAY? You’ve clearly been hacked.”
"Thought you might get inspired." Tony walked over to a bench and sat down. "Take all the time you want." Steve smiled and sat next to Tony. Every inch of this place was an artistic gold mine, so he really didn't mind facing the statue of the Drunken Satyr, he felt safe and happy next to Tony. They sat for a while, silent, comfortable with just each other's company - Steve drawing a few statues and flowers while Tony watched. When Steve was satisfied, they moved to another bench, and eventually they'd toured the entire building, and Steve had already filled up half the pages with rough sketches.
The biggest item was a black sturdy circular bag - clearly made specifically for his shield. There was a small rectangular block, which upon closer inspection, had the same input that his phone charger did. After a few tries, he found that it was a phone stand, that was charging his phone without being connected to the outlet on the wall. There was a small bag that contained a lot of tools inside, clearly meant to be a roadside repair kit. He didn't recognize what one of the items was, a silver box with a keyhole, but no keys. The last thing he found at the bottom of the package was a wallet containing only a black credit card made out to Steve Rogers.
“Dum-E!! No!” Tony yelled out, covering his face with his arms as Steve tried to get up. “Stop!” The robot had helpfully decided that they both needed to be sprayed with the fire extinguisher, after the fact. Steve finally scrambled up through the thick cloud enveloping them, and took the nozzle from the robot’s claws, patting it on its base.
, what, they couldn't at least spring for Netflix? Are those heathens at SHIELD trying to catch you up one decade at a time, or what?"
"Yes." Was all he could manage. Tony pulled back and noticed Steve holding his still hard, red cock. "Honey, but didn't you...?" Tony turned to look at the obvious dripping mess behind them. "Wow. You can go again?" He turned once more to look at Steve, knees spread apart, mouth open and still panting.
“Miss Potts would like you to know that she’s not in the office today, and that you can find her at her home. She also requests that you pick up some mint chocolate chip ice cream on your way.” FRIDAY informed him.
Steve." Tony chanted as he drove his cock in and out, barely pulling back a few inches before slamming in again. Steve loved being completely filled, felt shots of pleasure every time Tony pounded all the way in. It was like he was being split in half, in the best way possible. He loved being Tony's.
"No." Tony clutched his mug tighter. "No! No. Not weird at all. Why would it be weird? No. Totally fine, I understand. There's nothing to apologize for. It's no big deal between a couple of friends, right?" He put on his best press smile, and seemed to compose himself just fine. Steve was a little relieved that Tony wasn't upset, but also...felt a pang of disappointment. He wasn't sure why. Maybe he'd hoped for some other reaction?
Instead, he yelped when he felt the hot swipe of Steve's tongue over his asshole. Steve held his thighs down so he wouldn't squirm at the sensation, and that only made Tony hotter, incredibly turned on at the thought of being pinned down by Steve.
With great effort, Steve forced his eyes open, pulling his head back. A sleeping Tony snorted and huddled closer, back into his neck. Steve blinked. His arms were wrapped around the smaller man, one hand in his hair, the other around his waist, gripping his side softly.
Steve spent his last day in San Francisco hiking through Muir woods and onto the beach. He found that his favorite parts about these trips were the times he could be outdoors and appreciate nature. It was something new he'd found out about himself, and was grateful for having the chance to discover that. He'd spent his whole youth in the city. After the serum, any time in nature was during the war, either looking for or hiding from the enemy, both situations too stressful to enjoy.
"FUCK." Tony buried his face in his hands, letting out an angry groan, "NO! Everything before THIS elemental version of the reactor is obsolete. We have to try something else." Tony rubbed his fists into his eyes, frustrated. Steve couldn't help it, he reached out and put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Tony jerked his head back up at the touch, seemingly having forgotten already that Steve was there. He looked over, lost and confused.
"Why don't we just...shower together?" Tony used his best puppy dog eyes, and of course it was going to work on poor, defenseless Steve.
“Hm.” Sam patted him on the shoulder. “We can skip our run today. How about Buck and I pick up some Chinese and bring it back here. Get cleaned up. Be back in 30?”
lose you. It was just too much for me to handle. That’s why...I didn’t want you to get too close again. I thought it would only be a matter of time before you'd leave again. That’s why I’ve been pushing you away.”
on keeping me company, you might as well help me with a few more tests I need to run in the lab.” Tony gathered his things.
He saw Tony and Nat staring back at him with blank faces. Tony was reaching over to Nat's tea with a spoonful of honey.
with you. But I understand if...if it's just not in the cards." Tony didn’t say anything, but he closed the gap between them, letting Steve wrap an arm around his shoulders and pull him close to his side. They sat together for a few minutes, letting Steve’s words hang in the air. The weight of Tony’s body against Steve’s, the steady assurance of Steve’s arm on Tony, it knocked their walls down, all their barriers, all their inhibitions crashing around them.
Steve looked up from his phone and saw Tony. Different from the one that just left. He squinted, examining him.
"Be right there, baby." Steve beamed as he took some bleach out of the cabinet, so thrilled to be able to call Tony that now. Maybe they hadn't really talked things through yet, but the way Tony looked at him, called him sweet names, the way he felt against his body, he knew in his heart how the other felt too, and it was enough for now. After cleaning, he made his way back to the couch and found Tony fast asleep. Well, he was pretty tired too, not having gotten much rest last night, so he laid down next to him and cuddled up, pulling the smaller man against him. He gripped Tony close, as close as he could, and fell asleep to the soft sounds of his quiet snoring.
“I don’t…I don’t know.” Steve held on tight. It wasn’t right. It was selfish, to want to keep this Tony here. Finally, after a long, sorrowful squeeze, he let Tony go. The other Steve - the
Steve had called ahead and made sure that a spread of a little bit of everything would be ready for them. He didn't expect so many different kinds of food though. He marveled at how many colorful dishes sat waiting for them at the restaurant's biggest table.
“Why not? You don’t like the Steve in your timeline?” Steve cocked his head to one side like a confused puppy. God, this Steve was just as adorable as the one back home - NO! Don’t get distracted, Stark.
"No thanks, Jarvis." Steve didn't want to spend any more time in the crowds. It seemed like this city was always so busy, no matter the time of day or night. "I'd actually like to head to Los Angeles this morning, if you don't mind finding me a diner on the way."
identical, but Tony was none of those things that Steve had just described. It’s no wonder this Steve was so in love - it sounded like this Other-Tony was the perfect guy. Maybe he
“Yes?” Steve answered, and watched as Tony pulled up some more articles on his phone. Something clicked inside him, and he looked back up.
couldn't even know that for sure. You know how politics is. See how quickly the team signed the New Hero Deal once you brought them all in to consult? They're happy now, and they've made their choice.”
Steve stomped down his intense pang of jealousy, there was no time for it right now. He needed to focus on Tony now that he was finally here. If he couldn’t have him any other way - he could still at least be a good friend, a good teammate.
"Come on, cut me some slack." Tony took a swig of his soda. "I didn't get into baseball until I was already in college, when Rhodey got me interested. Of course I was gonna root for the home team when I was stuck in Boston."
The broken, tired, wounded, drunk nihilist. He would find a way to control these superhumans, spellcasters, Gods.
It took all his willpower to not place a tender kiss on his head. It felt so domestic, to be serving up a plate of food to sweet, tired Tony after a long day. Steve wondered if old married couples felt their hearts swell up like this at such a mundane thing. Instead, he just smiled back and sat down again, joining Tony in quietly listening to the rest of the team argue about Bruce's findings. He'd let him finish eating before scooting his chair a little closer and ducking his head down so only Tony could hear.
“It’s not a different timeline. It’s a different universe.” Tony began to explain. “Although, I don’t really know anymore. I must’ve gotten the math wrong somewhere.”
“Yep. That’s my ride.” Tony stood. Steve helped him strap all his bags back on, so he wouldn’t leave anything behind.
Fuck. Tony pulled a chair over and sat down. He didn't think he could stand up anymore, dizzy with heartache. He wrapped his arms around himself, hugging his midsection as he watched Steve snuggle into his hair, and saw himself snuggle back, they looked so...so much like a couple. Like you would see in movies. Two happy people, in love, sharing their space and their bodies with each other. He saw Steve fully wake up, realize where he was,
"You know I did." Steve placed a small peck on Tony's lips as his eyes started to droop shut. "Take a nap while I clean up over there. I'm sure the gang wouldn't be too thrilled about a messy kitchen floor...or wall."
"Yeah. You guys were good pals, right? That's why he was always looking for you. And why you decided to become friends with me." He answered like it was a fact. Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing.
"Hm. Nothing exciting really." Tony started to clean his hands on a rag, then tried to straighten out his hair. "Just working with some new materials to make the next Ironman model a little less clunky, but the cooling system is giving me some problems. Not a lot of space in there, you know." He tapped on Ironman's chestplate. "So, what brings you down here? I've gotta tell ya, I've gotten into the habit of working without assistants, especially after Romanoff, but I'd make an exception for you."
“...M-me!?” Steve croaked out, taken off guard by this confession out of the blue. The light tickle of Tony’s fingers made their way to his chest. It was electrifying, Steve didn’t know Tony could make him feel this way, though he had tried to imagine it countless times in the privacy of his own mind.
At the end of their conversation, when it felt like the rest of the world had long ago gone to sleep and it was just the two of them under the stars, Steve was feeling brave. He always liked when Tony would call him fun new nicknames. It was clever, and he saw it as Tony's way of showing that he cared. Secretly, he'd come up with a few himself for the other man, though he'd never been bold enough to use any of them. They were both yawning and struggling to keep their eyes open, when Steve internally said 'fuck it' and decided he wanted to show the scientist that he cared too.
“S-sweaty…” Steve said with a breathy laugh, worried that Tony was probably just tasting his salty perspiration.
"Ha!" Tony was game. "Then you'll have to do better than that, because I already have a pair of those at home!" Steve blushed, but was happy that Tony seemed to get into the spirit of things. They both looked for the most ridiculous outfit they could find, giggling like little kids as they ran through the aisles.
Tony only reserved those quirks for people he liked the most. Steve wasn’t one of those people anymore.
“No.” Tony’s hands slid over his shoulders, determined as always. “I wanna be filled up with you. Please.” Tony’s fingers caressed his hot skin. “Wanna feel you inside me.” Steve kissed him again.
"Don't get me wrong. He's like a brother to me." Pepper set her fork down. "He told me that you two had a rocky beginning. I know he can come off as irritating at first, so I don't blame you if you lost your cool at him." Steve looked down at his plate, ashamed of the reminder. "But I'm glad that you two are getting along now. From what you saw today, I'm sure you've gathered that a lot of people close to him tend to use him, or hurt him."
"I was about to ask you the saaame thing." Rhodey followed Pepper to the other room. In a hushed voice, he leaned over to her, "I think I know what this is about."
"If little old me will do, then fine." Tony sat at the kitchen bar and started to unpack their dinner, Steve sitting down next to him. Tony got him to try at least a small bite of everything, offering sushi to Steve's lips with his own chopsticks, and seafood had never been so delicious, even if it was out of styrofoam containers. Afterwards, they retired to the living room to watch some TV. Neither of them acknowledged the hot tub on the way there, though unbeknownst to the other, they both really wanted to. Though the living room had several large chairs and recliners, they both gravitated towards the couch right across from the TV. Steve sat first, and Tony stretched out on the other side, placing his feet in Steve's lap. Steve cherished the comfort, though he didn't quite know what to do with his hands, so he opted to just drape them over the back of the couch. If he left them too close, he might end up massaging those cute feet right through the socks, he could tickle the smaller man's toes, maybe caress his calves just a little..
have been ecstatic. The Dodgers were way ahead right now, 6-2. It was a gorgeous day, and they had the best stadium food in their room.
"I can't believe he has to work with those people." Steve frowned. "They were saying such horrible things about him. It was very hard to sit through."
“Are you seriously trying to go back there without telling us again?” Steve got that little crease over his eye, the one that formed on his stupid, perfect brow every time he got upset. Shit, Tony had fucked up again.
"Yes, please." Steve was agitated at the traffic. What was going on with this city? How were there this many people living here?
He was breathing again. He noticed his hands, they were shaking. He was on the floor. The carpet felt rough under him. He heard more popping outside, but it sounded far away. Not like the voice that was here with him now.
"What do you want, baby? Tell me, I'll do anything." Tony bent over him, whispering into Steve's ear. He shivered, he knew exactly what he wanted.
the one who finally reached back out to Steve and the others, to ask them to come back, even at the expense of your own pride. None of this would have happened without you. I’m sure he knows that, and appreciates you.”
Somehow, through the distraction of heavy petting and groping, they made it to the bedroom, where Steve tried to carefully set Tony down on the bed, but the genius had other plans. He threw off his shirt before pulling Steve down, laying him flat on his back.
Tony, ever the tease, rolled his hips up, pushing the hard bulge in his pants against Steve. Steve involuntarily bucked up at that, and Tony grabbed his hair in response, to keep his balance. This sent a shot of lust through Steve's body, his mouth aching to be filled, needing Tony to pull on his hair again. Without warning, he pulled away, put Tony back on solid ground and dropped to his knees in an instant.
"Need any help getting to bed?" Tony asked, looking up at Steve with wide eyes. God, Steve would've loved to say yes. Maybe Tony would help him change. Maybe tuck him in. Maybe he'd see that Steve missed him so much, and offer to stay. Cuddle. But no, he was so tired, he couldn't trust himself to do the right thing right now.
Was it weird to take a picture of your coffee? The last few weeks before arriving here, Steve had been eating pretty much exclusively at mom-and-pop diners in small towns. But he thought back to the restaurants in big cities. He could have sworn people had been taking photos of their food and drinks, so it couldn't be that odd right? He looked around him now, and sure enough, there were a group of teenagers all aiming their phones at their meals. Certain it was a normal thing to do, he snapped a photo and sent it to Tony.
“You wouldn’t come here if you didn’t want me butting in, Tones.” Pepper prodded. “So?” Tony poked at his ice cream for a minute before quietly asking, without looking up.
"Oh! You-should-wear-pants!" Clint tried to formulate his thought, but was struggling to untangle himself from the blankets and couch pillows surrounding him.
"Aw, that's okay. There'll be plenty of baseball to watch. I'm okay just doing this." Steve turned Tony over, pushing him into the couch cushions, nuzzling into him. The handsome genius laughed, and didn't stop his relentless attack. Steve let his hands roam, feeling every curve of Tony's supple body, enjoying every kiss that he was gifted. He didn't know how much time had passed when he heard the elevator doors open.
It was obvious to him, since his trip, that he craved touch. At first, he thought it was a side effect of missing his friends. Bucky used to touch him a lot. Whether it was hugs, or an arm over his shoulders during casual conversation, or even just squishing up against the other Commandos in a tiny bar or on a plane headed to the Western front. Now though, he realized he had friends who touched him just as much. Natasha would always find a reason to stay nearby, sometimes patting him on the arm for a job well done, or leaning back to back after sparring. Clint liked to roughhouse, often fighting others for the TV remote, gladly trying to put Steve in a headlock, even if he knew he didn't stand a chance. Thor would hug. A LOT. He could lift anyone off their feet and hold them in a bear hug for hours, if you let him. Even Bruce and Pepper, though rarely, reached out once in a while.
"I agree." Natasha. Sweet, beautiful, frightening Natasha was backing him up. "This way, SHIELD and Thor know exactly where to find us if we're needed."
“P-please, baby. How I l-like it...H-h…” Tony tried to vocalise but couldn't. Steve slowed his pace.
"Um. If it's not too much trouble.." was he being clingy again? "I mean if Tony isn't busy when he gets home tonight..maybe could you let me know when he gets in?"
"I really can't thank you enough Tony. And again, I'm so sorry for what happened on the helicarrier, it was out of line-"
"Let me show you." Steve pulled his phone back to send a picture, and heard Tony's phone buzz on the other end when he got back on the call.
“Don’t worry.” Tony rubbed Steve’s shoulder. “Things here are...well they’re a disaster to be honest.” He laughed, and patted Steve on the back. “But you’re all back together again! And you even have some great people on your team that I never would have thought to work with back in my universe. Wanda and Pietro are huge, evil pains in my ass back home, and it’s incredible that Jarvis helped to make Vision. I didn’t even know Wakanda had much of anything going on. And this Sam guy sounds like a great friend. I’ll have to find him in my universe and set up a play date. Together, you could all make an amazing team. Tony is probably just working things through in his head. You’ve just moved back in, what, a week ago? I’m sure he’s just adjusting to so many changes all at once. Just give him some time.” Tony gasped, looking at the time on Steve’s phone. “Speaking of time, mine is up.”
"It's..." Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yeah. I'm sorry. I wish I could stay, I really do. This is just a really busy week. I promise I'll make it up to you."
They all froze when there was a light knock at the door. They held their breath a second before a harder knock finally prompted Bucky to get up and go open the door. A bleary-eyed Tony started back at him.
“From a mirror universe, actually.” Steve went on to explain how Other-Tony noticed the small differences in him, how they went down to Tony’s lab and how he saw him go back to his dimension, right in front of his eyes.  How Other-Tony called him nicknames, and how nice he was, even after realizing that he wasn't actually his husband.
Without thinking, he reached down to touch himself, to relieve some of the pressure, but Tony smacked his hand away before looking him in the eyes again.
"Sure. How bout' tomorrow? It's kind of late already, but tomorrow's a midday game, should be over before dinnertime." Tony took a sip of his soda, unaffected. "This better not be to get me to go to that rooftop terrace. I already told you I'm not eating a vegetable medley, that can be yours and Pep's spot." Steve blinked. It seemed Tony didn't really get the hint.
He made his way behind Williams, who seemed to be the head of the monster. He wanted everyone in the room to see the two opposing views, side by side.
"Very good." Pepper calmly clasped her hands in front of her. "I believe I have the last item then. Let's go over security protocol and the tax implications associated with this project."
Steve must have looked particularly confused when Natasha looked back up at him, because she finally seemed to understand what the issue was.
Tony jumped up, scrambling halfway to the elevator when he remembered Rhodey was sitting right there. He timidly turned around and gave Rhodey a crooked smile.
"You don't have to compromise. You could do both, be a parent and a superhero. I know personally, I'll spend the next few years working on a way to defend Earth - especially after seeing what's out there. It will definitely take up a lot of my time and energy once I get started. But...I think if I had a kid, I could make it happen. I'd do anything to protect them, and they would only motivate me to work harder. You'd probably be the same way. Plus, you told me the other day that I should trust you when it comes to these guys." Tony pointed at the rest of the team, who were currently seeing how many chicken nuggets they could fit in Thor's mouth at once. "Which is...hard to say the least. But I do. I trust you guys completely. If I can do that, even with my...past, so can you. Plus, you're so smart, more than you give yourself credit for. You've already learned so much, more than most people have bothered to learn in this day and age, anyways. And even though you had no reason to believe me on the helicarrier, when I said something was up with SHIELD, you took the initiative to find out the facts for yourself. Things might change, but morals don't. I think you'll do fine, as a parent, and a partner, and a superhero, and you'll be able to find someone that you can trust in too."
"I just need to learn to live with him, and be around him, without being completely head over heels for him. That's easy, right? Like exposure therapy. Just hang around him until this feeling goes away."
Steve stiffened up, quickly turning his head back in the direction of the TV, gripping his knees tightly through his pants. Shit - he really needed to get a grip. This isn't the place to think about these things, especially in front of all these people- wait, did Tony just say something? He looked back to find those dark eyes looking over at him in worry.
Tony was transfixed, it was like an out of body experience, seeing this in full HD, but not remembering a moment of it. He could almost imagine what it would feel like, to be held like that by Steve, but by some sick, twisted turn of fate, he would never really know. The footage sped through about an hour, then slowed when Steve was roused again. This time, the soldier seemed to pull Tony closer.
to amend the language eventually." Tony pouted. "We needed it signed as quickly as possible. Of course the first draft wasn't gonna be perfect."
It felt as natural as breathing, and he knew he never wanted to go without it again, never wanted to belong to anyone else.
“Oh…” Steve moaned, feeling Tony’s growing erection grinding against him. He’d forgotten. The spanking. It really
to trust you Tony. But look at all the provisions you had to take out of the Accords. They were going to treat you guys like weapons. Like you weren't even people."
"I said, you okay? You're tense." Tony whispered as he twisted himself over, swinging his legs to the other side of his body, and moved closer to Steve, putting a hand on the cushion Steve was sitting on for balance. The cushion dipped down, and Steve felt himself leaning down with it. God, why was this loveseat so small?
"I know, right!?" Tony squealed. Steve wanted to do the same for Tony, to know the exhilarating feeling of being so close to his mouth. Quickly, before he lost his nerve, he took his fork and dunked a small plantain in the white sauce that accompanied it.
Once the elevator doors opened to the roof, he realized he had the same observatory as the one back home, and he had a great view of the night sky to compare to his own universe’s star formations. He saw a backwards Leo constellation right away, which was a good sign that everything was in order, but he’d need to look for some deep space stars to make sure all the measurements were correct.
"Sure thing." Tony walked over to the pantry on the other side of the kitchen wall, disappearing from sight. Steve took a sip of his coffee, trying to calm his nerves.
Steve didn't move. He waited, staring at the now silent, empty portal, as if the other Tony would walk back through any second. But he didn't. And now that the right Tony was back - well, their conversation had gone about as well as any other they’d had since Steve returned to the states.
"Sorry." Steve was furiously blushing, pulling himself upright, but unwilling to let go of Tony. He sat the other man down right on his lap, unashamedly. It was thrilling, to know that Tony didn't want to hide this new...development from their friends.
As he conditioned his hair, he tried to think of some way to break the ice. It was tough - he hadn’t exactly been very welcoming these last few weeks. Pepper had tried to give him some advice before he left.
The most unfortunate part was that everyone in the world expected Tony and Steve to be the leaders of this band of superheroes. Skeptical eyes would scrutinize their every move - look for any reason to call the New Hero Deal into doubt. They all had plenty of enemies, and it was crucial that they show a united front. It was hard enough to pretend to be friends, or hell - even amicable co-workers
"You have a visitor, boss." She replied casually. "You might want to answer." Tony rolled his eyes. Great. Now
He supposed he should be grateful - he at least hadn’t been asked to leave the tower yet. Assuming he wouldn’t be kicked to the curb as soon as Tony emerged from wherever he was hiding, he would have to work with the other man again at
At first, he didn't even recognize it was him. There were a few tourists around, so he thought it might be one of them. But after a few seconds, he realized that he hadn't heard his own ringtone in over a month! Not even glancing at who was calling, he quickly picked up.
been a little hard on him.” Tony thought back to all the times he hid from Steve around the tower the last few weeks. Had he overreacted? Maybe if he'd given Steve a chance to talk, he'd have found out that he wasn't picking a fight after all. “I was just afraid that if we talked again, he’d remember why we stopped being friends in the first place, and change his mind. Leave again.”
"It means," Jarvis said in a mischievous tone, "That weaving in and out of slow or stopped traffic is perfectly acceptable. Please do be careful, Captain."
Thankfully, only Sam and Bucky were aware of the situation, and they were kind enough to keep it to themselves. It’s not like it was out of character for Tony to disappear for days at a time, so no one else really questioned his absence all that much. But when Natasha knocked on his front door with a new fitted suit that Sunday morning, Steve was terrified that news would spread soon enough.
"I thought that you might like to know, Las Vegas offers some excellent options for a breakfast buffet, if you would like some suggestions."
“I never said I didn’t.” Tony grumbled as he tried to hide his flush behind his bags. The portal was getting bigger, almost Tony-sized.
“What are you to Tony? Is he your boyfriend? Your booty call? What? You’re obviously not married to him.”
"Sorry Steve." Natasha said. "Maybe there's something like that now, but I've never needed to find out, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't operate like that, he likely wouldn't even know any secret codes anyways. I really think it's better for you to be up front. If you just keep seeing him like this, these maybe-maybe not- dates, then you'll just end up hurting yourself in the end. You'll be talking to him during the game today. Just try to make it clear then, I'm sure you don't need to worry about him rejecting you. Just flirt with him a little, and if he isn't put off by that, which he won't be, let him know that you wanted dinner tonight to be a date."
Tony got some color back in his face, but his face remained scrunched up in confusion. "Dark....you mean the denim pants." Tony's face lit up, "Oh! Um. No. Don't...don't worry about it. It's not a big deal. There's nothing to hide. It's just...I only asked for pictures so I could make sure they weren't buying you something ridiculous, you know."
"It won't be easy..." Tony blushed a bit, enough for Steve to notice. Just then, it clicked. Steve remembered what Pepper told him on their lunch. Tony was used to people letting him down. Used to being forgotten or outright betrayed by friends and colleagues. It would be natural for him to try to protect himself from heartache by buying his way out of problems rather than seeking help from those closest to him. Well, that would change right now.
"Sir is in his quarters at the end of the hall, the last door to the right." Steve followed the instructions and stopped at the door. Going inside might be too bold. He balanced the tray with one hand and knocked lightly with the other. In response, he heard something fall and some shuffling. Afraid of disturbing something important...or private...he called out through the door.
"I'll bet." She remarked, and he snorted and turned back around. Thankfully, she didn't press any further, letting the boys finish making breakfast as she made herself comfortable at the bar.
“Uh...yeah.” Steve let his alert hands fall slowly. It seemed he wasn’t in immediate danger after all. Tony hadn’t let go of him. Steve’s pulse was racing, both from the sudden wake up call, and from the unexpected, but not unwelcome, touch from the other man.
"Look on the bright side. Everyone was so shocked to see you two dancing, that no knew what was happening when we came in, and they've all been apprehended without a single shot fired."
He put his phone back up, and continued his trek, feeling a little heavier than when he'd set off that morning.
He hadn't been kidding about the seafood - the crab here was amazing. Steve ate shellfish until he was stuffed, which was quite a mountain of food, and garnered the attention of the chef who invited him into the kitchen for a special treat. As Steve watched the chef work his magic, preparing a fresh and delicious ceviche, he came up with an idea.
! Every time you see me, it’s like you’re walking on eggshells. That’s why I keep hiding from you. God forbid you feel threatened in your own home. I certainly wouldn’t know what
“Hm.” Tony’s expression was still hidden, but at least he wasn’t running away, he seemed to be walking to the quinjet too. Hopefully joining them on their flight back home. “Been there, done that. She wants information. Tried to keep her out of the VIP area at least, but I guess that didn’t stop her. Just can’t have a party without Christine Everhart squirming her way in.”
"Hey, no." Steve cooed, and felt Tony tense up for a second before he buried his face into Steve's arm and let out a wet breath. "You're nothing like your dad. I would know." Steve wasn't sure exactly what was going on, but maybe this was something he could help with after all? He rubbed a hand up and down Tony's back until he seemed to relax. "You're okay. Breathe, slow down for me. How about you explain what's going on, huh? Is this about that project you've been working on?"
"Thanks." Tony sat and was uncharacteristically quiet as everyone else continued their conversation with Bruce about his data after Thor's physical. Steve watched from the corner of his eye, it was odd that the normally opinionated genius wouldn't find the subject completely fascinating.
Once he tired himself out, he spent the rest of the day moping around, eating and watching TV until he realized the sun had set a long time ago, and there was still no word from Jarvis about Tony.
That's when he heard glass shatter all around him, and felt himself being yanked up. Below him, he saw a dozen of Fury's special ops soldiers barge in through the side windows, and saw Steve jump to the side, on top of the mob boss, pinning him down. When he was finally let go on the roof, he looked over to see Natasha had been the one to pull him up.
"Yeah, yeah." Tony waved, "but famous spots are for tourists." Right on queue, a couple of waiters brought out an array of salsas and chips, along with a tray of appetizers, a lot of which Steve couldn't recognize. "Now THIS!" Tony gestured to all the food in front of them. "This is good food. Hope you like spicy."
A bartender came over unprompted with two drinks in tall glasses. He lit the small candles on their table and left again without a word. The warm lights flickered, just bright enough to barely reach their faces and not an inch more, a constant reminder of just how close the two men were sitting.
"Nonsense. It's easy, you'll pick it up." So Tony explained the buttons to Steve, and sure enough, it was a really simple game to figure out. The supersoldier speed and reflexes probably helped, so soon Steve was being dragged around the whole arcade, putting S.G.R. on as many scoreboards as Tony made him play. As good as he was at these games, Steve didn't really care for them, but he loved seeing Tony cheer him on, fully committed to obliterating every high score in the arcade, so he gladly played as much as Tony would want.
Somehow...he didn’t see shock or disgust in their faces. Instead, Bucky knocked Steve on the shoulder, and patted Tony’s head in a friendly, almost
"Great!" After only a few minutes, it seemed Tony was done. "Now let's wait for that to cool down, we can run some tests on it later." He looked up and blinked a few times. It seemed he just now realized that Steve was sitting across from him. "Oh! Uhh...hey Cap."
It didn't help that Clint kept giving him a huge grin and thumbs up from behind Steve whenever he tried to sneak a peek. He'd quickly turn away, ignoring whatever Clint was childishly trying to communicate.
“Oh, don’t give me that. You used to talk about him all the time, Tony. Even while we were dating.” Tony visibly cringed at that. “It’s okay.” Pepper chuckled. “I’d have to be blind to miss how much of a crush you had on him, even back then. You guys used to talk all the time, go out to lunch together, hang out together. You were the perfect pair. What about that one time at Clint’s?”
“Ha.” Tony finally put his weapon away, and pulled his helmet back altogether. “He got the math wrong. This isn’t a mirror universe at all. It's no wonder my HUD is offline. You. Don’t move.” Tony pointed at Steve as he started to look around the room again. “What’s the date today, Fri?”
Just then, Steve remembered the bag he brought in with him. It was Tony's present from his trip. He'd meant to give it to him yesterday morning, during his welcome back party, but Tony had left before he had a chance to hand it out with the rest of the team's gifts. Since it was just for Tony, and no one seemed to be paying attention to them right now, Steve reached down, and then over to gently set the bag on Tony's lap. Tony craned his neck up to look at Steve, raising up one eyebrow in question. Steve just smiled and nodded over to the bag.
The sunset, reflecting in his gorgeous, deep eyes. They were usually brown, and warm, but right now, the light from the horizon made them glow a stunning golden hue. The color of the wedding ring Other-Tony had worn. He suddenly remembered his counterpart’s nickname - Sunshine. It’s funny - the name was much more appropriate for Tony. His eyes were like fireballs, bright and beautiful, beckoning him, luring him in, and he didn’t care if he got burned.
Steve thought as he made him come apart under him. And Tony - God he was so pliant, letting Steve touch him anywhere he wanted, letting himself be groped like this, and clearly enjoying every second of it. Steve’s hands roamed, stroking his perfect ass, gripping his gorgeous hips. The more he pounded into him, the more incoherent Tony became, clutching the sheets, muttering to himself. Soon, Tony was saying something to him that he could barely make out.
The whole 'didn't realize the other was leaning in for a kiss' trope is totally real. I should know: it happened to me and my husband right before we started dating 🤣🤣 that night ended so weird and I didn't know why until weeks later when he finally told me he'd gone in for a kiss and I misread that. (He thought that night was a date, I thought it was just two good buddies hanging out. Yes-I'm dense.)
Public speaking? No problem. Fighting aliens when you're severely outnumbered and outgunned? Piece of cake. Going to war on the other side of the world? Steve could do that in his sleep.
Would Tony really fly out to halfway across the states just for some breakfast? Steve wondered; as much as he loved the freedom of the open road, it would be nice to see a familiar face. Lord knows those were hard to come by in his position. Deciding that Tony must be exaggerating, he send back a text.
any different from the Other-Tony. He wasn't the evil version of himself after all. Maybe Steve really
"Wow, you're up early, Tony." Pepper pushed out the chair across from her with her heel. "Coffee's in the pot. Join us." Tony still hadn't moved from the entrance, still too dazed to understand what was going on.
"Let's go!" Tony grabbed Steve by the arm and led them out the door. Steve wished Tony would never let go.
“You can’t just go off to other dimensions without letting us know!” Steve demanded. He shouldn't raise his voice like this. He knew better, knew this would blow up in his face. He
"Well I've never been here before, and word of mouth is better than any online review in my opinion."
"Whatever you're thinking right now, please let it go, darling." Steve's big hand caressed his cheek, and Tony nodded, blinking away tears, wondering how Steve knew every time Tony doubted himself. "I've always been yours, Tony. I'm sorry it took me so long to tell you. I love you." Tony's eyes shot open. "And I'll work every day to convince you of that. Even if it takes me a lifetime. I'll show you, over and over again, that I love you."
"Of course not! Are you kidding? There's no one better to teach you a Starkphone than a Stark." Tony grabbed Steve's arm, pulling him over to a sofa next to a mostly-clear coffee table. "And wouldn't you know it, my schedule just cleared up." He pulled up a hologram display, typed some things in, and flicked it away before sitting them both down. The Ironman suit was then pulled away by a crane, "See? Off to cool down, then Jarvis is giving it a paint job and now I have all this time to teach you." Tony grinned as he pulled Steve's phone over.
glad you made me do that." Steve felt like a bowl of noodles, like all his bones were rubber, like a puddle of water on the floor. He couldn't remember ever feeling this relaxed in his life. "It's like I'm a new person."
Tony took his hand and they started to weave through the masses, when a song Tony recognized came on.
Nat - she might look perfect, but she’s hiding some dark things, Tony. She shuts us out, is afraid of disappointing those around her, so she hides her true self. Doesn’t let anyone know who she really is.
"Hey Steve! What did you think of the game yesterday? Did you see those triples? Man, Hefner really doesn't need to be pitching anymore." Clint excitedly came up behind Steve. Well, there was no getting out of here now.
"Helping the country of Tajikistan is symbolic, and Mr. Stark knows the long term effects it will have, even if you all don't see his vision. It will help millions of people in a real and tangible way, yes. But it shows the world what Stark Industries is capable of, and puts clean reactor energy on the map as a viable alternative to oil and gas. Developed countries all over the world will notice the results and flock to buy the rights to usage. I'm sure the families of your stockholders wouldn't disagree with the continued benefits this will provide to their children, and grandchildren - both financially and environmentally. This is a step in the right direction for the future of this company. I know you will all make the right decision."
"Yeah, yeah. Mazel Tov and all that. Does this mean you guys will finally move in together so I can take Steve's floor? Or better yet, you guys should move into Steve's apartment so I can have the penthouse. Hawks need the highest vantage point you know!-OW!" Clint rubbed his arm where Natasha pinched him.
Even though every single cell in his body was screaming at him to stay, he knew that he needed to leave, right now. It was almost physically painful to pull away, gently setting Tony down when he whined and tried to follow the body heat, pushing a pillow into his arms instead, and pulling the covers over him. Steve walked out into the hallway, quietly closing the door, not looking back, in fear that he might be tempted to climb back into bed.
“Maybe it’s a side effect of Extremis.” She replied, in a serious tone. Tony raised an eyebrow at her until she smiled. “James called from the press conference. Said he was kicking you out and thought you might end up here instead of going home like he told you to.”
"Hey, what are you working on?" Steve's heart raced, even after half a day of trying to compose himself, just seeing the handsome engineer in old tattered jeans and an oil stained tee shirt was enough to make him nervous again. Now that he was acutely aware of his feelings for Tony, it was all he could think about.
"I...suppose that would make sense." Tony rubbed his beard, thinking it over. "I thought he might've had a thing for you."
"Wow." Steve was blown away by how much a small device like that could do. And it had just been sitting on his nightstand this whole time! "I definitely should have come to you earlier." Steve smiled, then realized why he'd come down here in the first place. "Oh! But i forgot to ask you. Can you teach me about texting too? I saw you were texting Nat and it looks like a really efficient mode of-"
“Nice to see you. Unfortunately, I’m going to have to steal Cap away, hero work never ends, you know.” Tony slipped a hand on Steve’s back, turning him towards the quinjet. It sent shivers up his spine.
Tony was beaming. His eyes sparkled with delight. It was so, painfully clear to Steve that this Tony was wholly, unbearably in love with his Steve.
"Everyone who recognized me these last few weeks recommended movies and music I should listen to, you know, to catch up with the times. An old couple recommended I watch LOST." He knew he was goading Tony on, in reality most people had warned him to stay the hell away from that show, as it wasn't worth the time. "They said it has a satisfying ending."
was the only thought he had as his cock squirted between them. He felt Steve thrust erratically for a moment before his mouth pulled away, and he was gasping, pumping his hot spray into Tony too. Steve panted, arms shaky, and pulled out carefully, stroking Tony’s hips with his hand, comforting him even then. Once he was out, he trembled to one side until he collapsed next to Tony. They both stared up at the ceiling, catching their breath.
“Alright. Nothing else I can do here.” Tony sighed as he slumped down on his work bench. “I’ll have to go back home and run some more simulations until I find out what caused the differences in this universe.”
like a ticking time bomb at the tower. Like they're afraid I'll turn them all in, like this is all just some elaborate scheme to arrest them. And Mr. Perfect keeps trying to talk to me, but I know he’s just angry about something or another, and wants to yell at me."
Then, Tony lit up like a Christmas tree. "Our anniversary is coming up soon, actually! We’re going to celebrate in Nevada this year. I’m getting him a sporty old 67’ Camaro. It’s a surprise, so he can drive us around when we get there. Wood interior, the designers are almost done with it. What do you think? Think you’d like it?”
"I vote for Die Hard! - OW!" Clint yelled from his spot next to Natasha right before she punched him in the arm.
Steve was ashamed, felt like he needed to reiterate just how sorry he was for the way he'd treated Tony. They had almost come to blows just hours after meeting each other. He had known it wasn't all the scepter, either. After reading SHIELD's file on him, he really didn't give Tony a chance. But, after the fiasco with Loki, Tony had more than proven his worth, and was even kind enough to let the Avengers stay in the tower. Steve was immensely grateful for that, as he didn't feel all that comfortable going back to SHIELD's apartment for him so soon, or at all if he could help it.
"Yeah..." Steve couldn't breathe, he knew then and there that he wanted Tony. Wanted to be his fella. Wanted Tony by his side through thick and thin. He'd already found a person he could trust completely, and wished he knew how to tell him so. Well, he needed to start somewhere, right? It was time to be brave. "Could I..would y-you uh, you want to have dinner with me sometime?"
"Yes! And we talked about everything!" Tony excitedly turned towards him. "About how we both had trouble sleeping, and how you missed everyone from your past life, and how I felt like I always need to try to redeem myself. How we both love hot brothy soups on cold nights like that one, so we ordered in some phở from the Vietnamese place across the street and ate and talked all afternoon on the roof until sunset."
"Of course." Steve knew the detrimental effects of war all too well. He'd met plenty of Italians and Germans alike who were good people during the war, trying to save as many people as possible. That didn't stop a lot of Americans from treating some Europeans and most Asian people as enemies, even those who weren't even Japanese, or even Japanese people who were clearly American citizens and had nothing to do with the war. "But don't you have SI buildings over there that aren't a security issue?"
"Next on the docket, we have Mr. Steve Rogers - Shareholder, Consultant. He has a brief aside for us before we continue with the rest of the agenda."
“Shit!” Tony pulled away from Steve’s grasp, almost tripping in the process. The inter-dimensional portal was overheating, struggling to tear open space and time without the input of a specific location. Tony had forgotten all about the shutdown sequence. He scrambled for the emergency shutoff button, slamming it right before the portal could get hot enough to start melting the lab floor.
Steve took a good look at Tony. He looked...worn out. Hair disheveled from raking sweaty hands through it, eyes red and dry from overuse, and he was still in his full suit that he left in this morning, as rumpled as it was. He was stretching himself too thin, and Steve just wanted to pull him close and pet his tired head until he got some rest, but instead he walked over, careful not to kick over a pile of books on the way, and set up the TV tray on the bed next to Tony. He wondered if Tony would even eat, even notice he was there, or would mind if Steve fed him, took care of him. He was about to open his mouth to say something, anything, when Jarvis spoke up again.
Steve smiled, pulling back. Tony stood back too, and they both held each other's arms just a second longer before letting go. Steve felt really happy. The happiest he'd felt in a long time, actually. He knew then that he had a lifelong friend in Tony, and no amount of distance would change that. He finally felt ready to see the world, with Tony's blessing.
"Maybe." Steve found his chance. "Guess we'll find out exactly how much he can carry in a couple months when we're all in Tajikistan." Tony's eyes shot up to his at that.
He sped up the footage, the screen showing that they slept on separate sides of the bed most of the night. In the early hours of the morning, Tony must have gotten cold, because he turned over, probably looking for a blanket, and found Steve's warm body instead. He watched himself scoot closer to Steve, and saw the other man stir in his sleep, turn towards Tony, and reach out, grabbing the smaller man and pulling him into his chest, wrapping him up in a bear hug.
gravity were both the same, and the data from the star observations suggested that the universe was expanding at the same rate. By all accounts, everything should be exactly the same.
"Oh...yeah. See you in a bit." Steve took the slippers and walked to the elevators. He clutched the still-warm shoes, considering if he should ask Jarvis to order a matching pair for Tony too, or if that would be just a little too forward. Just then, he remembered something he
When SHIELD first told him a black man was president, Steve couldn't believe it. He knew then that he was proud to keep protecting this country, even if he'd already died once for it. Today, he was buzzing with excitement as he toured the National Mall, the White House being his final stop. He knew all he would have to do was call Tony, or Fury, or hell even just walk up to the front door with his hat off, and he could likely get an audience with the president. As tempting as that was, he didn't want to abuse his stardom, so instead he snapped a photo from outside the gates and sent it to Tony.
Tony was so comfortable like this, but they would have to get up soon and clean themselves off if they didn't want to wake up stuck together, though... that might not be too bad. He let out a little sigh, happy that they'd finally just come out and said that they love each other. He'd realized it a while ago, but didn't want to risk messing up this perfect relationship. He knew Steve meant it too, even if he'd said it in the middle of an orgasm. Steve had proven it without words time and time again, but it was such a relief for it to be out in the open now. He chuckled to himself. He lifted his torso up, balancing on Steve's chest, smiling at his cute, weary boyfriend under him.
Texas and most of New Mexico had been mostly flat land, so it was exciting to be surrounded by mountains now. Stopping near some interesting looking cliffs, Steve pulled out his phone to take a picture.
"You ever had any of this before?" Tony asked as he grabbed a plate and started piling it up with rice and naan.
"Hey, what's wrong? Something I can help with?" Tony asked in a hushed voice, thinking that maybe Steve needed a favor, and was just too honorable to ask. "If it's something I can throw money at, I'll gladly do it, you know. Or anything you need. You can tell me. What's been bugging you today?"
“Can you and Bucky come back here? After your run?” Steve knew it was selfish, rude even, to kiss and tell. But - these were complicated circumstances, and he could really use the advice of his friends. He knew they wouldn’t judge him too harshly.
“I might as well order some pizzas then.” Bucky took out his phone. “Show me how, scaredy-bird.” He handed Sam the phone.
be wrong. This is not a mirror universe at all. I must’ve ended up in some kind of backwards parallel universe or something. None of this makes sense.” Tony staggered into a chair and pulled out a stack of papers, flipping back through his notes. Steve sat in the chair next to him and stared. “Um...can I help you?”
"It's my...." Tony was about to wave him off when his eyes made it over to Steve, then went blank. "...pleasure." He coughed a bit before straightening up and looking away. "Em. You know. I might've been mistaken. About those pants."
"You wanna check on me?" It seemed almost too good to be true. Steve was planning on going to Los Angeles anyways. Seeing someone who cared enough to check in on him would definitely be a huge bonus, with the way he'd been feeling lately.
.” Steve buried his face in his hands, leaning on the hallway wall. This was utterly humiliating. He’d finally had Tony all to himself, had him in his arms, in his bed - and...it wasn’t even the right Tony.
"I promise I'll be safe. And I'll send you pictures so you know I'm doing fine." Steve thought back to what Natasha had said. Tony was amazing, doing his best to take care of Steve, even when he would be hundreds of miles away, so the least he could do was to assure him that he would take care of himself.
They agreed that Steve would leave on a plane tomorrow afternoon, despite Tony's insistence that 'a pilot could be ready in 10 minutes, what are you waiting for, Slowpoke? I thought I was the turtle around here!' Steve said he wanted to check out San Fransisco first, since he was already here. Really, he wanted to make sure to get everyone gifts before heading back.
"You alright?" Sam's question snapped him back to reality. "You've been staring off at the tree for like, five minutes, man."
"It's no problem." Steve stood next to the man, watching lines and lines of code appear from his hands, like another language that worked in hyper speed; complicated but powerful. "I should be thanking you, for doing this for us. For the team. Actually I just came down to let you know that I talked with them. They're all clearing their schedules for September."
"You're really good." Tony flipped through the pad while Steve took a break to stretch his hands. "If you ever wanna retire from the superhero business, I bet you'd make a great starving artist."
"I wouldn't be so tired if your guys had let me rest on the plane, Shellhead." Steve liked their banter, wished it was a more regular occurrence in his life.
After a wonderful night, and equally invigorating morning, Tony thought he should be relaxed, having been fucked silly. And he
“Is that your portal there?” Steve asked when the air next to Tony started buzzing with energy. A small hole in the fabric of space and time started to give off heat, and expand.
"Oh. Sorry." He flexed his hands a few times before finding the rail behind him and gripping it tight, knuckles turning white under the pressure.
"Pep says I need to leave you alone now," Tony looked out the window, "But there's this pizza place on 2nd Ave that you've GOT to try and-"
been Tony’s fault - after all. For daring to pretend that he - a meager, flawed human - could find a balance between their moral duties, and their responsibilities to those that might suffer its consequence.
"Hey. I was wondering." Tony asked as Steve opened the door for them. "Was this some kind of beta test?"
"Oops! Sorry." Tony picked up Steve's things and placed them on the kitchen island. "Come on! Sit! I just got back, I've decided we need to celebrate so I'm making you breakfast. Though it's a little late, were you finally able to sleep in for once?"
A small part of him kind of wished he’d kept the sheets on. It’s not like Tony would ever come into his bedroom again. And yes, maybe it would’ve been gross - but he already missed the smell of Tony, the feeling of waking up next to him, in the safety and warmth of his arms. He missed the assurance he felt when Tony kissed him so gently and unabashedly. Like loving him could be the easiest thing in the world. It
"I didn't say all that." Pepper chuckled. She listened and offered a little input here and there as Tony rambled on and on to Jarvis about how Steve Rogers could get situated in the tower and Manhattan in general. After several minutes though, it was obvious he wasn't going to stop.
"It's okay. We don't uh...we haven't really talked anything through yet." Tony looked at Steve, and Steve pulled him closer.
"Oh." Steve turned around to face the wall, feeling like steam was coming out of his ears. Thankfully, the next time he sneaked a peek, Tony was throwing on his bathrobe.
“So what does all this have to do with him saving sex with you?” Pepper's voice interrupted his thoughts.
"Our guests went home right after the movie ended, Sir. The rest of the Avengers retreated to their living areas about half an hour ago."
"I do trust you, you know I do. But...yeah there might be times when I'm insecure, or scared. So just...I promise to do my best if you promise to hang in there with me." Tony leaned in.
"Not much. I remember SHIELD was taking forever to release my things, so I had to borrow some blankets and pillows from Tony that first night. But it was no big deal, they shipped everything over the next day."
"Sure, you could say that. Pretend you're fighting these guys." Steve was then covered in a red light, glowing all around him. He figured that was the scanner, and told himself he'd better focus on sparring these aliens and
“No!” Tony shot up, apparently offended at the question. “Of course not.” He huffed. Shoot, was Tony not drinking anymore? Steve wasn’t sure, they hadn’t exactly talked very much since...well since before Siberia really. They had spent time together after the reconciliation last month, of course, but it was always around the others, and the subject hadn't come up.
“Oooooohhh…” He let out an involuntary groan. He let himself relax and enjoy it for just a second before realizing who was making him feel so good. Shit, Steve again. His body became rigid.
just gone up against the government with the biggest firepower in the world. Scrubbed their dark histories clean. Gave them a home.
"Now you know." Tony sat at the bar stool behind Steve, watching him work at the stove. Soon, he was slightly more awake and realized the kitchen smelled amazing. "What'cha making?"
Steve’s husband stepped out of the portal just as the other Tony crossed the threshold. He was still in the same sweatpants and T-shirt from yesterday. Steve ran up and hugged him tight.
"Need a hand?" He reached out an arm for Tony to grab onto, and the smaller man eagerly held on as Steve pulled them through to a less crowded spot.
"You saw that couple in the blue who just wouldn't stop? I swear I've seen them on Dancing with the Stars! Have you watched that yet? It's a dancing competition show. Maybe we should practice, I bet we can be on next season! They do a lot of salsa on there, it's a very expressive form of dance, great for TV, but you totally noticed that today, right?" Tony was still full of energy as they stepped out of the car, excitedly recounting their night. Expressive was definitely one way to describe the evening. All of Steve's senses were on overdrive. Seeing the way Tony smirked when he was able to pull off a new move. Smelling Tony's slightly spicy cologne whenever he was tugged in close. Still hearing the chest-thumping beat of the music ringing in his ears. Feeling Tony grab him all over, twisting and contorting their bodies with electrifying precision. He was now keenly aware of why Tony was so good at piloting and fighting in the Ironman suit.
“Yes I do.” Steve countered. “You’re Tony Stark. I care about you. I just want to make sure my Tony is happy in every universe he’s in.”
The sun was just starting to peek out when he heard the elevator doors open behind him. Shit, who could be up here? They would have to go through the penthouse levels to reach the observatory - so either they had access or Jarvis didn’t feel it was necessary to give him a heads up for some reason.
"I apologize for startling you Captain. I just noticed that you are attempting to take a photo of yourself. Might I suggest you try the selfie mode of your camera?"
“Were you trying to open the door with your elbows again?” Steve took a few bags and helped them unpack the food on the kitchen table.
"Damn." Tony frowned at his wrist, "That's Jarvis reminding me that I need to head to the airport soon. Jet's packed and ready." Steve's heart sank, but then he thought of something.
"Oh, Steve." Tony sighed, "You had an anxiety attack. That's what Jarvis diagnosed. It sounds like the fireworks last night might have caused a panic attack too. It's hard to tell sometimes."
"Sort of, yeah." Tony said, "It would be like offering aid to an Italian city right after World war 2. Some racist people with money think they're all terrorists, but they're not."
“In th’ mornin’…” Tony murmured as he slipped into a serene sleep. Steve looked around. Well, at least it was a big bed, so he could just shuffle them to the other side and avoid the wet spots. He carefully pushed Tony over, making sure not to wake him. He used one of the rumpled sheets to wipe away any uncomfortable mess leaking out of Tony before settling down himself to get some rest. He figured they would talk in the morning but - how was he supposed to fall back asleep with a beautiful, naked Tony right next to him? Tony must have sensed his trouble, because he groggily reached out for Steve. Steve complied easily, coming closer until he had an arm full of content, napping Tony to hold under his chin.
When Tony was good and ready, Steve got on his knees, lining himself up. He saw Tony bite his lips nervously, staring down at Steve’s huge cock. Steve leaned forward, and gave him a peck on the lips.
"Um...Would you like to..." - "Hey, so...um." They spoke up at the same time. Their eyes met, and they couldn't help it - they both let out a relieved chuckle. It seemed they understood each other.
He spread his fingers wide, and squeezed Tony's ass, just to see what would happen. It made Tony jolt forward, he hissed out a string of curses.
"Okay, okay. Don't worry Stevie. I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here. I'll stay on the phone with you. You should sleep, but I'll stay on the phone okay?"
"I'll miss you." Steve said, not budging at all. He didn't know if it would be a weird thing to say, seeing how they just met not long ago. But their friendship felt so deep already. Sometimes, it felt like more, complex even, though he didn't know exactly why or how. All he knew was that he was so lucky to have met Howard's son at such a difficult time in his life, and was lucky that in a short amount of time, they were able to get along as if they'd known each other for years.
"I'm sorry, Captain. Sir is occupied with work at the moment. He did wish to forward this note to explain the items he dropped off earlier today." Jarvis brought up a hologram note at the table, next to the items in the package. Steve sat back down, his newfound giddy mood fading away again. Was it possible that Tony was avoiding him, and this was his way of sending him off? But he didn't think Tony would be that passive-aggressive, though, he supposed, he didn't know Tony all that well yet to tell.
"I'll just hide the coffee machine for a week." Tony pouted, and Steve held out a hand. "So, we'll watch out for each other?"
"Ah." Tony took a few chips in his hands, and started waving one to his left. "See down there? Chinatown, right down the street. Right here's a bunch of Mexican and Central American places, and over there to that side, little Tokyo. That's why I love LA, NYC, big cities like that. It's a melting pot." He punctuated his statement my stuffing a couple chips in his mouth. "Not everywhere's like that though." He munched, "But I'll show you a good time today, you won't regret it!"
. Not to Steve. “Thought everyone would sleep in today. It’s Sunday. Sorry about that. Hope he wasn’t
"FINE. Have it your way." He picked up his coffee and started to storm out of the room when he turned back around, "But don't plan on taking your bike anywhere today. Or tomorrow. If you insist on taking that
Steve fixed his eyes firmly on his coffee cup. Was he really that obvious? He really needed to get it together. He's a grown man for goodness sake! Surely he could act normal for one minute around the most gorgeous man on Earth-
"You...need to tell me something? What's up?" Tony looked up at him with his big doe eyes, and Steve sucked in a shaky breath, not sure how to phrase this.
"Great idea, Jarvis. Thank you." Steve smiled and jumped up, heading back down to the communal kitchen. Thankfully there were a lot of leftovers from Bruce's cooking, and Steve grabbed the cake he hid earlier, threw everything in some bags and headed to the elevators. He bounced on his heels on the way up, a bit nervous about seeing Tony, but they had been talking for weeks now! So it's okay, right? I mean, it was only through text and a few times through video calls. But, it wouldn't be weird now that it was in person, would it? No, of course not, everything was fine when we hung out in LA. Shoot, maybe I should have asked first if I can come up. Maybe I should stop at my floor and give him a heads up-
Steve sat up, threw on an undershirt and fixed his hair a little before turning on the lamp next to his bedside and accepting Tony's video chat. He wanted to look presentable, after all.
"You want something in your hungry little mouth don't you? You love sucking on me when you come, don't you baby? Here-" Tony moved one leg up and over, on top of Steve's hip so he could keep his leverage as he fucked Steve's ass with one hand, and placed a couple fingers in Steve's mouth with the other hand. Steve immediately sucked, moaning when he felt the finger pads against his tongue. He loved this, feeling Tony all over him, inside both of his holes. Tony kept up the jackhammer pace, pushing in faster and faster until Steve's cock was leaking. Like a punch to the gut, Steve threw his head back, Tony's fingers slipping out of his mouth, and screamed. He felt so full of pleasure, so full of-
"No thank you. Think I'll leave you boys to it. I'm heading in early." Natasha pointedly locked her eyes on Tony. Well, he was done for. She knew, and there was no point trying to deny it from her.
He walked back to the suit with what was hopefully the right materials, relieved when Tony grabbed everything, then shoved a set of gloves back into his hands.
"Not at all." And he meant it. "But who taught you the word 'tacky?' You're not using it right. What you
Steve decided to just go to bed. Tony was getting to him, and he didn't even know why. He didn't like seeing Tony upset, especially not at him. It felt like their fight on the helicarrier all over again. Like they were fighting about nothing, like there was something else they were really trying to say to each other.
Following a concerning hissing noise, he found his way to Tony, who was crouched behind one of his suits in slacks and a black muscle shirt. His jacket and a white work shirt were thrown haphazardly over the chair next to him, so it seemed he'd come here straight after work.
Or maybe Tony didn't want something serious with a man? He did say he wanted kids, after all. Though, Steve figured that Tony would agree that adoption was a wonderful way to become a parent too. Maybe he just didn't want to date a teammate? Great, I should've thought of that before just putting myself out there. He didn't even seem to notice though. What if he's just not interested in
He supposed that was his own fault. He hadn't worked up the nerve to ask Tony out yet. He wondered if the genius would come at all - he hadn't made it clear, and you never know what a single billionaire superhero philanthropist could get caught up with on a weekend night.
"Pull up security footage of last night, my bedroom, after I fell asleep." Tony didn't keep any cameras in any of the Avenger's apartments or common living areas. His penthouse was a different story. Every inch of that space was monitored, bathroom recordings available in an emergency...or with two consenting voice verifications. Trembling with nervous energy, he watched himself on the screen as he turned away from Steve after flicking the hologram over, falling asleep almost immediately. Steve tried to read through the last article, his eyes drooping shut every few seconds. After just a couple of minutes, he slumped down and closed his eyes, hands over his stomach, likely wanting to take a break. Treacherously, Jarvis picked that moment to dim the bedroom lights, and turn off all the holograms around them.
He thought back to last night - how elated he’d been after leaving the observatory. He wanted to cry, jump, scream in delight. He had so much pent up energy that he ran. He ran like his life depended on it, and maybe it did. He ran as fast as he could to the nearest open flower shop. He probably looked like a maniac, sprinting full speed down the streets of Manhattan, expertly dodging pedestrians and vehicles, but he didn’t care. He laughed, tears in his eyes, when he burst through the shop entrance. Maybe he’d frightened a few customers as he babbled about being in love, and maybe this morning, some slow news station would post something about the public seeing a frantic Captain America on the loose, but it just didn't matter. He’d bought pink and red lilies: the nice florist told him they stood for love and hope. They were perfect. More than perfect. He slammed down many more bills than were strictly necessary, and ran back to the tower as quickly as he could, got dressed in the nicest suit he had, and ran, as fast as his super soldier legs would carry him, back to Tony.
“Sir? There is some relevant information that you may not be aware of.” FRIDAY piped up again. “You are from a mirror dimension to this universe. Mr. Stark left for your universe to collect data at approximately 12:15am last night. At the same moment, you arrived in the laboratory. You were asleep, but woke up shortly thereafter. I assumed it was a side effect of the interdimensional travel. As a result, you’ve been left here for a few hours under my care.”
Tony might've had some ulterior motives for this peace offering. It had only been a couple hours since he'd flown that nuke into space, and he was still coming to terms with the existence of aliens, weapons beyond anything even his dad had ever thought of, and the destruction of a few blocks of New York City. If he felt slightly safer with a group of superheroes nearby, then that was no one's business but his own.
“What’s wrong, baby?” Steve easily maneuvered around him, wrapping him up in his arms, clearly concerned. Why the hell was this Steve kissing him?? Were he and Steve
"Why're you here so earlyyy..." Clint tried opening his eyes, squinting through the bright light coming in from the windows.
"Actually Captain, Sir arrived at his penthouse not long ago, and has forgotten to eat since this morning's activities, despite my repeated insistence. I believe another gentle reminder would be beneficial for everyone. You do have authority to enter the penthouse at your leisure."
remember that. "I mean, I went up to ask him for the linens that afternoon. He was outside the observation deck on the roof."
"I could..." Tony looked down, "Don't wanna talk about it right now though. It would take a while to explain, and there's nothing you could do anyways. I just need a distraction, you know?"
He listened; A few teenage boys talked about driving out to the city to see a movie tonight. Parents telling their toddler that they would order a slice of Sunshine lemon pie if he ate just one more bite of carrots. An elderly couple video chatting with their daughter. It all seemed so normal, and after Steve finished his meal and paid, he sat a few minutes at his booth just breathing. In and out.
He wiped his mouth, and got his fingers nice and lubed up. Tony’s face relaxed as he opened up easily under him, a couple fingers were nothing compared to the stimulation of Steve’s tongue.  Steve boldly added a third finger when he heard Tony hiss above him.
“You’re the same Tony.” Steve argued. “My Tony has the same reactor you do. He works just like you do. He also falls asleep at his work bench all the time. And you wanna know how I wake him up?”
“He’s right you know.” Sam sat in the chair next to them. “What’s the worst that could happen? It’s already going to be awkward to be around him, I’m sure.”
"Goodnight, Tony." Steve watched as the elevator doors closed and listened to the hum of the machinery as it was pulled away. He went to bed, wondering if he should have been more direct with Tony earlier, when he asked him to dinner. Maybe he just didn't see him like that? Steve was pretty sure that Tony was interested in men. True, maybe the papers nowadays exaggerated their headlines, but he was under the impression that Tony's bisexuality was public knowledge.
"Okay. Thank you Jarvis." Steve suddenly remembered that he promised Tony he would follow up with him about learning how to use his phone. He figured that would include texting. So, putting the phone in his pocket, he made his way down to the basement, where Jarvis informed him Tony's lab was located.
“What the hell is an Ultron? No, I don’t know any Ultron. You’re gonna need to start making a whole lot more sense real quick, bud. Where is my Steve?” Tony pushed Steve back.
“I...I slept with another Tony?” Steve breathed out. He briefly started to panic, but Tony placed a steady hand on him, stopping his trek to gently bring him back down.
“What??” Steve stumbled back. “Isn’t...isn’t that a little...soon?” He didn’t want to chase Tony away, Steve Rogers was nothing if not a committed partner, but...surely moving in with Tony in just a week was way too fast, even for him.
May was coming to an end and Steve knew that if he wanted to complete his cross-country trip this year, he'd better get started soon, before fall brought colder weather. He decided to leave in a few days, if SHIELD allowed, so he could really take his time getting to know the U.S. It was something he'd always wanted to do, but never had the opportunity. He'd toured a lot of Europe during the war in his U.S.O days, but it bothered him that he didn't know much of the U.S. outside New York state and the few places the military sent him for work. When he would relax with the troops back during the war, they would tell him about all the different places they were from. He'd heard about the cities affected by the drought  and the dust bowl. Some men told him they'd been 'Okies', looking for a new life out west before the war. He was even allowed to perform for the Tuskegee Airmen and other 'tan soldiers' as the radio called them. (Steve really had to fight for those shows, though the USO girls hadn't been allowed to come along. There were people in the army that didn't seem to think their black soldiers needed the encouragement.) In the cover of night, when he snuck out to greet and chat with them, he'd learned about the jazz revolution, as they called it, and the cities where these men had to fight for their rights.
Steve had never watched baseball like this. The luxury suite was incredible. Full of food, drinks, a full kitchenette, big TV's mounted in every corner so you wouldn't miss a single play. Private bathrooms, large couches and sectionals, it kind of felt like a big living room. One end of the area was facing the field, with an excellent view. It was the bottom of the fourth, and the game hit a lull, Dodgers leading by a wide margin, Steve was relieved, he would've been crushed if the team had played badly his first time watching after coming out of the ice.
been out of it, maybe even half-asleep last time. There was no way Other-Tony was as beautiful as the man in front of him now. Tony was leaner and more muscular, though that didn’t stop his endless curves from drawing him in, making him dizzy with want. His skin wasn’t as soft as Other-Tony’s. It was scattered with cuts, old scars and burns - proof of the battles they’d won side by side - of the lives they lived that were uniquely and wholly theirs. There was no one in this universe or the next who could understand Steve’s whole being, his fears, his desires, his insecurities, more than Tony.
"It's nothing, Cap," Tony looked away, putting his hands in his pockets. "I...I might have said some stuff that I regret and I definitely shouldn't have said. For the record, I don't think you're stupid or anything. I just don't want you to be caught off guard is all."
"What? No!" Steve responded, a little too loudly. He saw Natasha raise an eyebrow from the other side of the room and he waved her off, lowering his voice again. "No...Howard and I were ... good acquaintances. Colleagues. I mean, I guess if I were pressed, I could call him a work friend. But we certainly weren't very close, and I definitely didn't become your friend just because you're his son." Tony eyed him suspiciously.
. I don’t know how the Steve in that universe did it - how he made his Tony so happy. But I think I can do it too. I want to try. I
In the end, he just gave up. His internal battle had made Tony anxious, and he didn't want to worry the man. When he placed his head on Steve's shoulder, he simply gave in, just melting into the comfort. All his problems seemed so far away suddenly, it was easy to forget everything else when he was right next to Tony. Maybe someday, when Steve was brave enough, these touches would really mean something. But today, Steve was just content to be right here, with the man he admired so much, that made him so happy.
Steve choked on his coffee. After coughing for a bit, he looked over at Nat, who had on the most serious face.
They reached the hotel, but instead of walking towards the waiting drivers, Steve led Tony to the parking garage.
"Rude." Tony scoffed. "I just wanted to see if it really worked, or if it was just another of Tes-co's stupid magnetic prototypes. And I was
Steve stumbled back, dropping his pencil and pad, finding himself with an armful of Tony instead. The smaller man had wrapped both arms around his neck and was currently hanging on for dear life, squealing praises at him.
"Uh." Tony gaped eloquently. It couldn't have been more than half an hour since he'd left the rooftop. Steve held the flowers out to him, and Tony found himself blushing, hard, as he gingerly took them. "For me?" He weakly asked, at a loss for anything else to say.
After, Steve and Tony cleaned the kitchen, and peeled off their aprons, but were still covered head to toe in caked-on flour, sticky cheese and tomato sauce in all the wrong places. They said their goodnights to the rest of the team, and headed upstairs to their penthouse.
He let himself be manhandled as Steve spread his legs open and kissed his way down slowly, whispering sweet things to every inch of his body. Tony sighed, he closed his eyes and relaxed, head falling back, waiting for Steve's warm, soft lips on his dick.
As he sat on the back porch of the cabin, overlooking the lake and the huge moon peeking up through the mountains, he wondered what Tony was doing. Hopefully not still working. He's so close by, but I should leave him to it. I'll see him tomorrow. I wonder if he can see the moon from wherever he's at, it looks gorgeous tonight.
"Ah." Steve leaned back and closed his eyes. May. Too bad that just passed. Maybe he could give Tony a late birthday present. It's only a couple months late. Wait. May? Steve thought back, he was at the tower already in May. He didn't remember any party for Tony. His eyes went wide with horror.
“S’kay.” Tony wasn’t deterred at all. Steve slowly pulled out, then he sat back to catch his breath. Tony carefully turned to face him, and then he had a lap full of a very, very affectionate Tony kissing him all over. Not that he minded - it was nice to see this side of Tony. One that wasn’t afraid to show how he felt - and wow was Steve completely wrong all these years about what he’d thought Tony felt. Tony had always been a touchy person with those close to him, sometimes even with Steve, once upon a time. But now that it was all directed at him, full force - it was heady. And he never wanted it to stop.
"Like, good tension? So maybe he likes you but didn't realize you were trying to kiss him." Tony had called Rhodey the moment the jet doors closed, and he couldn't believe how laid back he was being about all this. Just saying stuff like that as if it was no big deal.
"Oh they'll be fine with it." Tony smiled, "Now go get changed, I'll order a bunch of pizza for everyone, we can make popcorn, put on your comfiest PJ's - oh!" He stepped out of Steve's slippers, handing them over. "Sorry. Sort of commandeered these today. Here ya go. See you back here later?"
“I don’t need their approval to date you.” Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulders dry. “And besides, Sam and Bucky have been egging me on to ask you out for weeks now.”
Curiosity got the best of him, since it was unlikely that anyone would text him unsolicited. It was a photo message from Tony. That was odd, seeing how Steve was usually the one sending him photos.
"Well, my favorite player is going to be traded to the Dodgers next month." Tony looked around to make sure no one else could hear them. "Inside scoop, when you're this famous - you hear all the gossip before it hits the streets."
Steve read it over a couple times. Maybe Tony didn't want to see him right now. Or likely, he actually
"Sorry." Steve murmured into his brown locks. "I didn't realize you were waiting for your dance partner." He felt Tony's arms slide down, and circle his waist. He boldly placed a kiss on Tony's forehead, and was relived when Tony responded by squeezing him tighter.
“I was wrong.” Tony showed Steve something on his phone - a bunch of numbers and equations that meant nothing to him. “This
"Yeah well, the board isn't exactly made up of saints like you." Tony muttered. "And maybe I'm not selfish, but I'm a moron who didn't think to make the reactor my own personal patent. Then I wouldn't be fighting the board for the right to use it however I want. They won't let me build it without charging the city a crazy exorbitant rate, and at that point it would be way too expensive for anyone there to afford, and it would defeat the whole purpose of doing it."
"I thought we were eating Chinese." Steve took a bite of something drenched in a brown sauce that made him moan immediately. Holy moley that was delicious.
“Shit! 4:30 already?” Tony jumped out of his seat. “It’s almost sunrise! I should’ve done these first.” He gathered up the parts to his telescope and a few notepads. “J, no one is up yet, right?”
"Aye, what may look like magic to you mortals is merely science to us back in my world. I am glad to be of service to our curious friend. The advancement of the sciences is a noble pursuit!" Thor boasted, and Bruce set a hand on him to settle him down before pulling out a stethoscope.
"Sorry!" Shit! What was Steve doing? "There was something right....there." Steve pulled his hand back quickly and took a sip of his drink. What was he thinking? This really wasn't like him. He wasn't normally so openly...affectionate. With anyone. He's not sure why, but with Tony - it's just so easy to reciprocate small touches like that.
Tony stepped out of the portal, and into the lab - wearing his full Ironman suit and carrying several bags of testing equipment. Good - it had worked. The HUD in his helmet shut down around him, just like he knew it would. His systems weren’t designed to be compatible with the mirrored servers here in this universe, after all. But thankfully, all he needed was the maneuverability of the suit, and the independent oxygen filtration to run. He took a step forward and heard something crunch under his boot. He looked down and saw he’d stepped on some blueprints. For some kind of spaceship? He looked back, no inter-dimensional portal - no frame or control panels. If this was a mirror universe, everything should be the same as back home. Great. So it
“Because he thought it was you.” Pepper said. “Maybe he was going to come on to you that night anyways. Maybe it was just really bad timing.”
"You fixed her up! You know it's safe! Plus," Steve grabbed his helmet off the lock and placed it on Tony's head. "See! Now you're extra safe. Promise I won't drive over a hundred."
"Our old spot?" Steve asked, with a small, apprehensive smile. It was an olive branch. He placed all his hope into this question, and Tony didn't feel like fighting anymore. He just wanted Steve's companionship back.
"I'll miss you." As the words came out, he thought back to the day he left the tower. It didn't hurt this much back then, to say goodbye.
“Couldn’t hurt to try.” Steve gently prodded. “These stones could give you the juice you need. You trust yourself, don’t you?” He wrapped his arms around Tony from behind, and the tired genius couldn’t help a giggle that slipped out when Steve started to pepper him with kisses.
“It’s no wonder I was so disoriented last night when I woke up here. Everything's different.” Tony said as he guided Steve into the lab. "Do you know where he set up the interdimensional portal?"
It was mid-morning already and Steve hadn't seen Tony around yet. When he asked Jarvis as soon as he got up if Tony was available, Jarvis just said that Tony was still working, but again, would see him before he left. Steve had already said his goodbyes to Natasha and Clint before they headed in to SHIELD, and had received a huge farewell breakfast from Bruce before the scientist was off to work in his own lab for the day. Steve had told Jarvis that he would be leaving at noon at the latest, as he wanted to get to the Franklin Institute in Philly at least a couple hours before closing time.
Steve pulled up his blankets and shut his eyes. He'd just have to work it out once Tony was free to see him. He had a fitful sleep that night.
"It's not the same and you know it." She deadpanned. "He doesn't have a lot of friends or family right now, Steve. He wants to take care of those he does have. He doesn't think you're stupid, and he doesn't want anything from you like SHIELD does."
"Yeah, but i don't wanna wait for you to finish your shower while sitting naked on the floor." Tony pouted as he pulled off his olive oil stained pants.
Much to his relief, they were able to get through the texting lessons, and it seemed Tony was fine after all. He didn't want to mess up this friendship before it had even started. Tony really was very helpful and kind, someone definitely worth making friends with. They sat together late into the evening, and by the time they both started to yawn, Steve felt like he had enough ammo to practice using his phone for pretty much everything he could ever need.
"Y-you do?" Steve was surprised. He thought for sure that would be the one big thing they disagreed on.
"Hey Steve, we saved you a spot!" Pepper smiled from a recliner, motioning with her head over to the loveseat. Of course the only space left would be next to Tony. Steve made his way over, careful with the bag he was carrying, setting it down right next to his legs on the rug.
"Nnn.." Steve shook his head. He didn't want to be alone again. If he went to bed, Tony would be gone, and he'd be scared and alone again. He didn't realize it, but he started to breathe faster again.
"I'm so tired of doing laundry." Steve grumbled, but picked them both up from the bed, heading to the bathroom to wash up. "Maybe we should go down to my old bed and sleep there tonight."
"Fuck Stevie...I can't...I'm going to.." Tony tried to warn him, but Steve didn't want him to pull away. Still stroking his own cock, Steve moved his other hand up to Tony's perfect plump ass. He squeezed it towards himself, signaling Tony to fuck his mouth. Tony quickly took the hint and - by some glorious miracle - pulled hard on Steve's hair as he let his hips take over. Steve was choking on the thick prick deep down his throat a little, just enough to make him lightheaded with lust. It was only a few more seconds before Steve felt hot spray hit the back of his mouth, then the sensation of the thick fluid running down his open throat. He moaned loudly through the still-throbbing dick in his mouth, eyes closing as he came right along with him, his own cock squirting all over the wall behind his trembling lover as he swallowed over and over until he finally felt Tony gently tug once on his head. He slowly moved back, opening up as softly as he could, admiring the now half-hard unit sitting on his tongue, wet and slick, when he finally let it slip out.
“Really?” Tony brightened up at the idea of a day off. A day just with Steve and their friends. He hadn’t had a day like that in years, and he missed it so much. “It’s Monday. Shouldn’t we be, I don’t know...training or taking meetings with politicians or something?”
"Mhm. Wow." He responded on auto-pilot, having lost track of the conversation again, when suddenly he noticed a handsome super-solider walk in. He looked lost, taking in his strange surroundings. "Oh, I'm sorry. My friend just arrived, I'll talk to you later?" Tony excused himself and quickly made his way to Steve.
Jarvis instructed him to press a button, then the screen, which had previously been showing his shoes on the dirt, was now showing his face. He was then able to get a good picture to send to Tony.
him. Oh God, how he wanted him. But he had work to do. He had a point to prove, had to show Fury he meant business, had to find out what SHIELD was
"Mm." Tony was afraid to do or say something else that might set him off, but he knew Steve was responding well to touch, so he just rubbed the big man's back.
"Fuck!" He gasped as he suddenly came. He tried to bring his other hand up to catch his come, but couldn't pry it away from twisting in the sheets when another orgasm hit in quick succession and come landed all over his undershirt. His body went boneless, all his muscles relaxed. He lazily squeezed the head a little, watching the last bead of white slick drip out.
Steve sat, but couldn’t look them in the eye. He shuffled a few boxes of food around in front of him, then took a napkin and cleaned a wet spot on the table. He sighed as he struggled to figure out where to begin.
The word made Steve shiver from his neck to his toes, and he unwittingly rolled his hips up, his thick, heavy cock bouncing off his stomach at the movement. Tony’s eyes snapped back down, and he crawled lower, his attention returning to the task at hand. He was face to face with Steve’s crotch now, clasping him with one hand, giving him a long, tight tug, granting Steve some relief. He moaned, his hands reaching down on their own accord, running through Tony’s hair. Tony kissed the tip of his leaking cock, getting his lips nice and wet before running them down the side, all the way down to its base, then nuzzling down there for a moment. Steve was going crazy at the sensations, his release so close yet so far.
With Steve, he wouldn’t have to choose. He would never need to put Steve over himself, because choosing Steve
"Of course not, Spangles." Tony smiled, "I'm not entirely useless in the kitchen, I'll have you know."
Natasha just laughed, "Oh, don't threaten him with a good time." Steve deflated, he knew rich and famous people were concerned about appearances. He'd assumed that the threat of those weird looking tight pants would surely work. "But fine. I'll tell him to take it easy on you."
"I really owe you one." Steve stood up and raised his arms to pop his back, a little of his skin showing as his shirt rode up.
“I’m not Tony.” He blurted out. Welp. So much for his cover. “I mean, I am, but I’m another Tony Stark. From another dimension. I’m not your boyfriend.”
an army guy after all, so sharing close quarters wasn’t a big deal to him. But, wasn’t it a little too familiar for this early in their...relationship? He didn’t really know what to call it, but it sure felt like one right
When he got back to his room, he got ready for bed, changed his passwords like Jarvis had suggested, and climbed under his blankets. He smiled to himself as his eyes dropped shut on their own accord. Today really had been a good day after all. It was the fastest he fell asleep since getting to New York.
, go ask Stark to dance. He's been ogling you practically all night." Sam took the beer out of Steve's hand and patted his shoulder. "You got this."
Tony thought as he wrote some of the designs down, not that he would use them anytime soon. Of course he would be completely head over heels for Steve in this universe, too. Probably every universe, if he was honest with himself. But god, it’s so hard to show it when it comes to that man. Rogers had a knack at making everyone around him so hopeful, and good, and optimistic. You couldn’t spend two minutes around him without wanting to be the very best version of yourself. And Tony Stark? He must be immune now. Sure, there was a time when he too would follow Steve like a baby duck, but now... now he was so often left on the sidelines, watching from afar as Steve, wonderful Steve, knew just how to make everyone else fall for him.
That caused something to click in Steve’s memory. Of course! He’d completely forgotten what Other-Tony told him right before he left.
Their fight had been so...odd. He wasn’t sure why Tony thought Steve was disappointed in him, or even
"Welcome to Dodger Stadium!" Tony announced, grabbing Steve's hand and pulling him out of the car. "Home of the Dodgers since 1962. But I'm sure you knew that."
"THIS is how a national hero should be living." He had Steve put down the boxes of food and led him around the suite. There was a fully stocked kitchen, a living area with floor to ceiling windows, even a hot tub for some reason. Steve stomped down his pang of disappointment when Tony showed him the two bedrooms, each elegant and connected to their own large, ornate bathrooms. "So? What do you think?"
"I have no idea what you're talking about Tony." Steve was still chuckling, "But you're right. Those SHIELD orientations were so slow, I thought I would die of old age before we got to the 2012 portion of it." He poked Tony in the shoulder. "So why don't you educate me."
"It'll work out." Steve picked up a few abandoned bags of popcorn and soda cans. "Those people, they're...well lets just say I wouldn't want to be in your position. But I think they'll listen to reason."
"Of course," Tony waved, as if it was a given. "It's been almost a week, we can't keep taking up the hotel rooms around here when the building contractors need them more."
Before he could process it all, the kiss was over. Steve sat back, smiling shyly at him. Tony touched his fingers up to his lips, and looked at him in confusion.
"I meant, uh...a kid. You ever wanted one?" Steve turned bright red and looked away, towards the big screen on the field, trying to act casual about such a probing question.
All in all, Steve figured there were many, many others who'd had a much harder lot in life than he did. So he felt it would do those soldiers justice to go visit these cities, even if it was decades later, to see how the people of America were doing now. There was no use fighting for your country if you didn't even know it or its people.
In Tony’s mind - it was constant turbulence. They fought on the helicarrier, right at the beginning. It was intense, and humbling. They leaned on each other afterwards, finding friendship in the rubble. They fought when Ultron was born, Tony’s hubris got the better of him, and he was reminded with swift words and cold shoulders just how wrong he could be. They comforted each other afterwards, the devastation of loss overshadowing their disagreements.
“No. Don’t worry. It won’t hurt.” Tony smiled, staring right through him, considering something for a moment. “You know, you really are just like my Steve. I wonder why everything is so different here. It’s not an anomaly at the atomic level - that’s impossible. Every atom in this dimension is the same as every atom in mine. So that means it’s something else that set everything off course.” He studied Steve’s face thoughtfully. “Tell me, how did you and your Tony meet?”
Tony had completely abandoned all hopes of avoiding contamination. Other-Tony would need to depolarize the whole lab anyways now, so the suit came off altogether. Now, he’d had another hour of running tests, his faithful assistant diligently helping at every step.
Monday, after all. The least Steve could do was to run Tony a nice, hot bath, and get his favorite cup of coffee ready. He slowly backed out of Tony’s embrace, replacing himself with a big fluffy pillow to block out the bright light, and was almost able to shuffle off the bed, when an arm shot out and grabbed him.
“I’m sure I won’t mind if I use a few of these.” Tony turned on the spectrometer he’d found on one of the work benches. “Please take notes, J. I’m sure your boss would love to have these.”
When Pepper turned back around to keep talking to the other board members, Tony started texting back furiously.
"Then you'll just have to teach me everything before then." Steve pulled off Tony's jacket, throwing it on a chair nearby, and pushed a few pillows behind them, getting comfortable on the bed. "Alright, professor. Where do we start?"
He looked through his list. All things he'd learned about himself on this trip. It was interesting, a lot of these things he learned just in the small amount of time he was around Tony. The other man really liked to test his limits and though Steve was usually hesitant, he appreciated the push. Snapping his notebook shut, he started to make his way back to his bike. It was time to head home.
"Oh god no! I mean, t-thank you ma'am." Steve sputtered out. "It's just, this really isn't my cup of tea. I'll always help in any way I can, but I was just...doing it as a favor."
"The Getty Villa." Tony explained as Steve marveled at the works of art in every nook and cranny. "I know you appreciate art, and in my humble opinion, it's one of the more aesthetic places in LA."
"No," Steve was more than a little disappointed. "That's okay. Just, I'd like to see him before I leave is all."
"I didn't even know SHIELD gave you a secretary." Tony smiled as he sat, motioning for Steve to join him.
"Okay. Sorry for the ugly mug. Been trying to scale some reactor batteries down in size again, but it's hard when you have to try to make them on a budget for your cheapskate investors, you know? I'm on the clock, so no time for my fancy bubble baths."
“Right…” Sam still looked skeptical about the whole thing. “And you know he was from another universe...how?”
interests and the interests of their families. Our responsibilities as board members is to make sure they are well taken care of."
"Don't worry, we'll walk it off first." Tony got up and pulled Steve up with him. "Our ride is here!" He dragged Steve over to a towncar that had just pulled up.
"Hah. 'New' he says." Tony gave him a lopsided smile as he handed Steve his white bag. No one else seemed to be paying attention, too engrossed in their own conversation about how much alcohol they would be ordering at the game, so Steve opened it, and pulled out two baseball hats. One was blue and said Mets on it, the other grey and said Dodgers. "I figured you wouldn't be a Yankees kind of guy." Tony shrugged. "So it's probably one of these. Thought you might make up your mind at the games, it's Mets vs. Dodgers. It's the perfect time to see all your boys play."
"Well....okay." Steve didn't want to disappoint Tony. As soon as he said that, he was whisked away by several ladies and stuffed in a locker room with a huge fluffy bathrobe, and figured he might as well roll with it. He'd just taken off his shirt when Tony walked in from another room. Wearing just his boxers. They were skintight. And black. And perfectly outlined the round, perfect curve of his-
“Still hard as rocks.” Tony observed. “Amazing. I can’t wait to ride it.” He crawled up, reaching over Steve to his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. Steve was still in a daze, but his glossy eyes tracked Tony’s movements. He got one look at that cute, round ass as it stretched over him, and he was suddenly invigorated. Before Tony could make another move, Steve sat up and pushed him down onto his back instead.
"Sorry, Spangles. I'm just messing with ya'." Tony turned away, "Guess I don't know when to turn it off sometimes."
“Yeah, it’s his nickname for me.” Steve continued. “He’s so kind and thoughtful. He’s charming and loves me unconditionally. I couldn’t imagine my life without him.”
When they got home, it was well past midnight, they were all tired and decided to head straight away to bed. They piled up into the cramped elevator, Clint was still a little drunk, laughing as he pressed all the buttons on the wall panel, earning him a knock on the back of the head from Natasha. Thankfully, Jarvis knew not to make a stop at every floor in the building on the way up. They said their goodnights, leaving the elevator one by one, until finally it was just Tony and Steve left.
point. Would things be awkward from now on? Would Tony ever trust him again? He just didn’t know how they could keep the team afloat this way.
“We could always just...go back to that.” Tony casually suggested, like the solution could be as simple as that.
"Really, I did it for the children." Tony squirmed a little, still looking anywhere but at Steve. "Could you imagine kids seeing Captain America racing down the road with no helmet on? I know you're a super soldier and all, but you need to set a good example for the kiddos. It has built in speakers, by the way. So you can talk to Jarvis and have him navigate for you hands-free, or listen to music or whatever while you drive. Personally I hate road trips, but I'm sure Jarvis can suggest some stuff for you to listen to. There's these radio shows that-"
"You caught me." Steve smiled back, today wasn't a total wash after all. Tony really knew how to make him let go.
“No! You know what I mean.” Steve let out a frustrated sound, and Tony smirked, to let him know he was just messing with him. “God you’re so... I’m just-I’m trying to say something meaningful here, Stark.” Steve huffed, but smiled back, and kept going. “You’re unceremoniously, unapologetically honest about yourself, and about everything you do, and I admire that, so much more than you’ll ever know. We all do.
"Anyways, he caught me staring. I couldn’t play it off. I just..told him. That his eyes were beautiful. He blushed like you are right now.” He laughed. “And, I just went for it. I don’t know why I did. I must’ve lost it! He didn’t exactly kiss back, but he didn’t pull away either.  Nothing else happened that night. I apologized but he said it was fine. I told him he could stay in my guest bedroom since the bed was already made, if he was comfortable with it, and he did. He got his stuff in the next day, same as you, and moved down to his apartment. But he came back up to my penthouse a few nights later and said he couldn’t sleep. I asked if he wanted to stay in the guest bedroom again, but, well.” Tony waved a hand in the air like that would explain it all. “We ended up sharing my bed instead. Things became serious a few weeks later, and we got married the year after. We’ve been married almost three years now. The penthouse is getting a...another few rooms added, which is why I went straight into your bedroom when I woke up here last night - we’re staying in your old apartment until the contractors finish the additions. This was our first day in your room - I thought I had just forgotten what the room looked like. I hadn’t been down there since before we got married."
"Not the money-maker!" Tony shielded Steve's backside from an imaginary foe, making them both laugh. "I'll just make sure you can't watch next season's Iron Chef."
Everyone was having a blast. Thor even decided to stay a few more days so he could learn about the sport. Bruce was happy to explain all the rules and regulations to the god, Thor interrupting once in a while to run out the front door, dragging a flustered Bruce behind him, to join the rest of the fans in an occasional cheer or chant. Clint and Natasha were taking full advantage of the bar, and although everyone was witness to Natasha finishing at least a couple beers an inning, she didn't seem to waver one bit. Clint, on the other hand, was just drunk enough to heckle both teams, apparently not aware that neither batter would hear him through the window.
“You’re not unloveable, Tony.” Pepper put her ice cream down too. “You just...you give and receive love in your own special way.”
“Nonsense.” Tony waved with one hand as he pushed hangers out of the way with the other. “These contractors are the best. Hand-picked. I wouldn’t be surprised if they’re done by the end of the week.”
"Uh..." Steve didn't want to correct him, because doing so would be admitting that he knew exactly who called this in. Natasha would be the death of him. "Maybe they have us confused with someone else. This seems...romantic."
When he got to the lab's entrance though, he found that he couldn't see through the glass panes like last time. He tried to go up to the door to open it, but the light on the panel remained red.
It's not that he didn't like dancing. He loved it, in fact. But he never seemed to have a steady dance partner, and to be honest, he'd been hoping a certain someone would show up tonight, but it was an hour into the celebration, and there was no sight of him.
He placed his phone on the charging stand and rolled back over into bed. He tried to get comfortable, finally settling down when he grabbed the second pillow next to him and hugged it against his chest. Nuzzling his face into the pillow, it smelled clean and fresh, and he thought back to the day he left. He'd initially hugged Tony as a way to reassure him that all would be fine while he was gone. But Tony had hugged him back. It felt so nice at the time, and Steve didn't realize until now how much he missed that human touch. As he dozed off, he wondered if it would be okay to ask for another hug when he got back.
"Huh? Y-you....what?" Tony frowned. "Because we told the board that I would bring on the Avengers to do it for charity?"
“No! No, don’t apologize. It’s just-” Steve thought for a second. “Well, yes. It’s a little weird. But only because I remember that night so clearly. I do remember looking at the sunset. But the light hit me all weird, and I had to look away to rub my eyes. When I looked back to Tony, he was staring, but I figured he was just worried that I’d blinded myself or something, so I laughed it off and said we should call it a night.” Steve deflated. “My Ma always told me to never look directly at the sun. Well, shit.”
"I'm sure I won't." Steve fondly smiled at Tony, who was so excited that he was talking with his mouth full. Before he knew what he was doing, he reached over and brushed a crumb off right next to Tony's mouth. Tony froze and stared at him.
"That's a rude question, who else would it be?" Tony wrapped his arms and legs around Steve like an octopus, laughing at Clint's gagging noises.
"No." He deflated, suddenly ashamed of his outburst. "You're right. He just...gets to me sometimes."
The Secretary General tapped on the mic and began to introduce the Avengers, so Steve leaned back into his chair. It felt like the conversation with Tony was over for now, anyways.
“Hey, has anyone seen Tony?” He asked no one in particular. Wanda and Vision were huddled together in one corner, Wanda shook her head and went back to their conversation. Sam and Bucky motioned for him to come sit with them, but Steve waved and went to check the cockpit, in case Tony was up there. Instead, Natasha and Clint swiveled around from their pilot’s seats.
"Wow. I've got to give your secretary props. She really went all out with the reservation." Tony, who seemed unbothered by the whole thing, was enjoying all the meats and fried snacks that they were offered. Steve would have been mortified at the intimate, surreal atmosphere surrounding them, had he not been having such a good time too.
So it was a surprise when they arrived at the restaurant, and the host greeted them with a big smile and some 'good news.'
"Come on, don't sit babe, you'll get dough all over the couch cushions." Steve was pulling Tony's shirt off, making sure to avoid the new decorations hanging on the penthouse walls; photos of their last month of travel and dates, filled with kisses and big smiles. They had decided to take a few weeks to finish Steve's tour of the country, together.
"It was a lot of fun. Thank you for teaching me." Steve would learn every style of dance in the world if it meant it would make Tony this enlivened again.
why." Tony looked at Steve's blank expression and realized that Steve had missed out on all the xenophobic repercussions of 9/11. "Well, some people right now aren't too fond of the Middle East or countries nearby, or honestly any country with a foreign sounding name even."
They were so happy together, in fact, that he almost forgot about what brought them together in the first place.
Both men blushed at that, looking anywhere but at each other, and Pepper smirked, rolling her eyes. These boys were going to make it hard on themselves, weren't they? She picked up her briefcase, walking to the door.
to ground him.” Tony cooed. “What if there’s a universe out there where we never end up together?” He worriedly asked.
"If you think that's great," Tony said as he pulled a pile of desserts over to their table. "You should have it straight from the motherland. I'll bring some ingredients back for you when I go. I'm hoping to be just a few hours north of India in a few months, if all goes well with work."
is everything oka-MMPH!" Steve grabbed the smaller man who had jumped into his arms and was now kissing him passionately. An electric current ran up Steve's spine, and he was kissing back immediately.
“Hmmmm…” Tony almost slipped into sweet unconsciousness when Steve suddenly poked a finger behind his ear. Tony screamed, and almost fell over laughing.
"Think I've made up my mind." He grinned and handed back the other hat. "I'll always be a Dodgers fan. I think LA might be my second favorite place on Earth, right behind Brooklyn." He meant it. He'd never forget his wonderful weekend with Tony there.
And they hung up, Steve instantly missing Tony already. But he fell into an easy sleep, warmed by how close the two were becoming.
"Pineapple lime margaritas!" Tony proudly declared as he carefully set both ginormous drinks down. "I know the serum means you can't get drunk, but that doesn't mean your taste buds don't work, right?"
"Yeah, thank you-"   "So I need to tell you someth-"   They both spoke at the same time. Tony turned to Steve.
Usually they didn't pay any mind to Tony's personal charity projects. But when it came to this one, the company board of directors stopped him in his tracks, arguing that 'sensitive information' could be stolen and that company resources would be wasted on something that wouldn't make the shareholders any money. That's what all those meetings had been about, Tony and the board arguing over the merits of this idea.
“Don’t be so dramatic. Out with it.” Bucky reached over with his chopsticks to offer Steve his favorite - a fried wonton. Steve put a hand up.
By the time Steve decided to stick his hand out to the elevator buttons, it was too late. The doors opened to Tony's penthouse, and Jarvis informed him that he tried to let his creator know that Steve was here, but to no avail, Tony was too engrossed in his work to respond. He walked over to the kitchen/bar slowly, eyeing the gorgeous and expensive looking decor on the way. Every little detail was perfect, as if it hadn't all been destroyed by a god only months ago. A little too perfect. Not a thing out of place, or a speck of dust to be found, as if it was all staged, as if no one lived there. Steve wondered if Tony ever even used this area. Deciding that Tony likely wouldn't eat today without some intervention, he got to work heating up the leftovers, plating everything, and placed it all on a TV tray he found neatly folded in the pantry.
“You didn’t…you didn’t want...” Steve’s smile turned to despair, so Tony immediately put a stop to it.
“...Okay.” Tony watched as Steve made himself comfortable in the seat. “You’re not worried that I’m some kind of evil twin? Or that I’m lying to you?”
"I think it makes you look strong. Scars ain't so bad." Steve stood up in the water, turning over and pulling his trunks down a little so Tony could see his hips. There were big lines running down his side. "See? Stretch marks. My skin healed too fast after the serum, and they're part of me now. You don't think
“No!” Tony shook his head in Steve’s chest, and grabbed his shirt sleeves, pulling him closer. “Stop! Stop saying you’ll go!”
“No.” He plainly answered as he closed his phone screen and pocketed it. He swallowed, the thick lump in his throat felt like it was going to choke him. Steve contemplated how he was going to tell Tony what all had happened last night.
“O-oh….I….I missed you too.” It was true. All those months apart, on the run, sometimes in great danger - through it all, Steve couldn't stop thinking about Tony. How he’d hurt him. Wondering if he could ever see him again, ever call him a friend again.
"With all due respect, Mister Rogers - I can understand a Captain wanting to defend his soldier, but I think-"
that they go to a club and order bottle service like the kids do. Everyone was on the dance floor, having fun, but Steve had slipped away to 'keep an eye on the table.' He knew he didn't need to. It was a private booth, with security, but he just didn't feel up to dancing much.
He felt so odd today. He wasn't sure what set it off, if anything. He just didn't seem to feel comfortable sitting still, but was filled with nervous energy when on the move too. Felt like he needed to talk to someone, and shut everyone out at the same time.
After eating and talking with the stadium employee, who happened to be a security guard off duty, they were led to the trophy gallery. The worker opened the door for them and let them look around for a while.
Steve thought about it for a second. "Think I need to see the new guys play first." He turned back to Tony, "But I think they've got a good shot."
"What?" With a perplexed face, Rhodey sat down at a bar stool. "Fine. You have my interest. Plus, I'm not flying back today just to tell them you wanted to
“H-here…Like...like that time...” Tony tapped himself on his right buttcheek. Steve didn’t know what he meant. What time? It seemed Tony wanted to maybe…be spanked? He smacked him lightly, to test the waters.
Steve felt.... something. Like homesickness. He realized that he hadn't really hugged anyone since coming out of the ice. He couldn't remember the last time he held someone before that, even. He felt Tony squeeze back, finally, and decided to take a small risk.
“I’m not leaving you again. I mean it.” Steve moved a little closer. Tony didn’t move away. “I’m sorry for everything Tony. I know it’s no excuse, but I was so afraid of disappointing you. I thought, maybe, if I could just find Bucky, just
“Nnn...don’ go.” He heard a small voice whimper. Steve immediately abandoned his idea, throwing the stupid pillow out of his way - he needed to get back to his Tony.
"Aaaahhmm!" Tony moaned when he stuffed a couple of small cubes in his mouth. "Try this. It's little Cubanos. I'm coming back here for these alone." Tony held up the tiny sandwich in front of Steve's face, and instinctively, Steve opened his mouth. He was pleasantly surprised when Tony leaned in close, gently setting it on his tongue before pulling back. It was literally just a ham and cheese sandwich in cube form, honestly a little pretentious, and altogether good, but not showstopping. But wow, when he looked at Tony, smiling up at him with excited anticipation, it tasted like heaven on earth. He'd probably eat anything out of Tony's hands.
As Tony worked on the bike, he kept mumbling all the reasons Steve just wasn't ready to leave yet to Dummy.
“So, um…” He’d been too nervous and too busy to ask earlier, but well, it was now or never. He didn’t know if he’d ever get the chance to come back and ask again. “How did you and Tony end up together?” The question made Steve light up with excitement.
Baseball? The Dodgers? The change in pace was so sudden, but he thought back anyways. It was hard to think, he remembered a grand slam, but everything was still a jumble, and his thoughts kept racing.
He didn’t know what exactly he was going to say -but he marched as quickly as he could right over to Tony, who was nodding politely at someone who seemed engrossed in the exchange. That wouldn’t stop him, Tony might fly away soon if he didn’t catch him in time.
“Oh, really?” Tony bit out, “It sure didn’t seem that way when you found out Bucky was alive. You hid things from me, left me out, when I would
“We don’t have to do that if you’re not ready, baby.” He gave Tony an out, “I can turn you around and we can finish this with our mouths if you want. I know you’re good at that.” He winked.
“Oh, this is funny to you, Rogers?” Tony tried to remain serious, but Steve was in hysterics now, and Tony’s lips couldn’t help but turn up in delight. Steve was wiping tears from his eyes, and Tony joined in, cackling at hearing Steve let go. They both started coughing when their movement kicked up more dust, and that just made them laugh harder. He hadn’t shared a moment like this - just open and honest laughter - with Steve in a very long time.
“Hey, hey, It’s just me.” he heard a whisper coming from right next to him, felt a warm hand gently land on his tense bicep. His heart was pounding in his ears, but he would know that voice anywhere.
"Remember. Worst case scenario, just text me and Ironman can show up in 5 minutes flat, claiming an Avengers emergency."
“Fuck! I mean, coming!” He yelled out as he scrambled for it. The picture was still there, thank god. He quickly saved a copy - he never wanted to lose this photo - before standing back up and running to his front door, swinging it open a little too hard.
"It's okay." Tony picked up the remote. "Like I said, I don't celebrate birthdays. You couldn't have known. Let's stop apologizing to each other and watch some TV, yeah? I bet a nice hotel like this has HBO."
do anything. I was just going to pay some people to go do the work. I mean, SHIELD has more than enough lackeys to set up a security system for the right price, and I'm sure a construction team would be easy to scrape up on that side of the world....maybe. I mean, I would pay someone to figure that out. And hire some lawyers and engineers to make sure it's all done correctly. And probably pay someone I trust to supervise. It's just in writing, Cap. I wouldn't force you guys to actually take time away just for this."
“That has nothing to do with it, Tony.” Pepper answered. “We just weren’t compatible. But you know what? I never, ever felt unloved around you. You know that, right?” Tony gave her a side-eye like he wasn’t believing a word out of her mouth. “I’m serious. Even at our worst, you always put me first. You always put my needs ahead of yours, and that’s why we didn’t work. I needed you to be you, for the sake of the company, for the sake of the world. And I couldn’t be me without hindering that part of you.” Pepper ran her hand through Tony’s hair. He felt his eyes sting a little. “And through it all, I’m still here. I still love you, and you still love me. We’re still friends. And you and Steve used to be such good friends before all this happened. You can still go back to that.”
Just then, all the events from last night came rushing back to him. He'd been anxious all day yesterday, and then woke up at some point last night to fireworks. He remembered being hopelessly terrified, like his life was in danger. Then he remembered Tony. Tony had called, or video called, and talked to him until he wasn't scared anymore. He didn't remember anything after that, probably because he fell asleep.
Steve grinned in his helmet, the AI clearly had his back. He followed the instructions Jarvis gave him, shooting down the freeway between cars, hoping his supersoldier reflexes were still top notch. Finally, he made it to the address. It was...an interesting location. He parked in front of the restaurant, small and colorful. It was packed with people, and no one was speaking English. It kind of reminded him of the tiny trattorias in Italy, where no one had a sense of personal space, but it was charming.
"Fuck, you really like it, huh? Yeah, why don't we take the edge off before I fuck you silly?" Tony pushed a third finger in, Steve's ass tight around his hand, but wet and ready. "God, you're gorgeous. Hold on to the sheets, I'm gonna make you cum all over yourself, all over that pretty chest, so I can watch all your jizz slide off you, get the bed so dirty while I fuck you."
Wait. Were they staying at the same hotel tonight? Steve wondered as he was shoved into the backseat of the car, Tony crawling in after him. He must've been quiet a bit too long while mulling this over.
Steve flopped back and stared up at the ceiling, trying to take in everything Tony had thrown at him today about the tower and the last week in general. His mind jumped back and forth, and he felt his leg start to bounce. He suddenly really didn't feel like sitting still and jumped up.
"Don't worry, nothing nefarious." Tony looked out the window. "In fact, I think it might become your new favorite place. Or you might hate it."
Tony looked down, and put his hands in his pockets. Steve knew Tony didn't like praise, and for a touchy-feely guy, he really didn't like talking about feelings when it came to his own relationships. He hoped he'd be able to break down that wall someday. Steve looked up and saw a large picture of a black man holding a baseball bat labeled "1947".
"I don't know." Tony rubbed his chin, contemplating the idea. "These board members only answer to money, Steve. There's not a moral bone in their body."
"You sure do travel a lot." Steve said, and Tony just lifted one shoulder, biting into a sweet ball of fried dough. "Thank you, but I'm not sure I'd make very good use of them. I can make a few things, but I'm not a home chef or anything."
"No! No, of course not. It's not that I don't appreciate...shit." Tony pulled over a chair and sat down. "It's my fault. I should've explained how this stuff works."
Tony gaped at him for much too long, until he realized that the silence was deafening, and he needed to talk too.
"Pals." Steve leaned back in his seat, wondering what it would be like if Tony Stark was more than just a pal.
that way.” Tony took off his glasses, and Steve could see now, how red-rimmed his eyes were, and puffy underneath. Like maybe he hadn’t slept in days, like maybe he’d cried recently. “What other way am I supposed to take it, Cap? Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you hit it off. I
want to dance?" He asked, eyes flicking back and forward from Steve's face to his outstretched hand.
“Called it.” Unaffected, Bucky went back to his food. Sam rolled his eyes and turned his concern back toward Steve.
feel like I have to walk on eggshells when I'm around you. But it’s not because I'm afraid of you, it's so I don’t scare you away. I just want you to be happy. That's why...if you feel threatened by me, then I need to go, Tony.”
Tonight...maybe it was the electricity in the air. Maybe Sin City was getting to him. Or maybe his body just needed a hard reset. Whatever it was, he felt his need grow (literally) the longer he laid in bed.
By the time he got back to the tower, it was early evening. He'd managed to spend the whole day not really thinking about anything, but now that he was back, he realized that he needed to finish packing, as he was leaving tomorrow morning.
“No.” Steve cut him off. “That’s exactly what I’m talking about. You think I’m perfect, just because the team gravitates towards me. But you’re wrong. Sure, they know me better, because I’m around, I
Of course Tony would make his trip back home as embarrassingly extravagant as possible. Steve was blushing furiously at the half dozen flight attendants assigned to make his trip 'as pleasurable as humanly possible' (their words, not his.) It was ridiculous! He was the only passenger! They kept asking if he would like a cigar, a bottle of cognac, some caviar, a magazine, a facial. Steve was reeling at all the offers, wanting to sit back and relax, but being too polite to ask them to leave him the hell alone. When they finally landed that night, Steve was exhausted from the constant barrage and couldn't wait to get to his room to finally get some rest after this long day. When he walked off the jet stairs, though, a familiar face was waiting for him.
“Really? That’s great news!” Tony exclaimed. “The Steve over there was so sad, honey! I couldn’t stand it!”
When he threw himself back onto his bed, he grabbed a pillow and held it close. The bed was big and empty tonight.
"Maybe." Tony slumped on the countertop, watching Steve place the last of the dirty bowls into the dishwasher.
“Tony. He used to wear those ridiculous matching holiday outfits you’d put together for the two of you. He’s taken you out to dinner more times than
"What does density have to do with his muscle mass? Look at him! If his cellular system was that dense, he'd need to be ten times smaller!" Natasha gestured towards Thor, who bellowed out an amused laugh.
." Natasha held up a hand to herself, and duh. Of course Nat would figure it out right away, she's a spy, and a great one at that, and could probably read a closed book from a mile away. "Tony isn't going to assume anything like that. You do realize he thinks you're straight as an arrow, right?"
"It's the least I could do, seeing how you finally got yourself some new clothes." Tony said, and Steve outright laughed at that. As if
"I know." Pepper sighed, "You should see them when he unveils a new Starkphone or security system though, anything they can sell. Then they all treat him like a savior, and can't sing his praises loud enough. They're fickle people, Steve, and only answer to him when he's their cash cow. But that's business. Today, you showed that you're willing to stand up for him, even when it gets tough." She reached out and placed a hand on Steve's. "I guess what I'm trying to say is - I hope you stick around for him. He needs more good people in his life, like you."
"Baby? What's wrong?" Steve watched as Tony blinked, and took a deep breath, shock turning to worry.
Halfway through the movie, Steve was, predictably, growing bored of the story plot. He turned his attention back to Tony, who was now looking through blueprints for the reactor plant on his screen, tweaking numbers left and right, as if he had a calculator in his head. Steve couldn't help but stare for a minute.
But that would never be good enough for Steve anymore. Being a good man wouldn’t be good enough to keep Tony in his life.
, Cap. About half a dozen times today.  Let bygones be bygones and move on. In fact, here's the deal. You'll stay here as long as you want - BUT you can't bring up our little spat ever again under this roof. My roof, my rules and all that. Are we good?"
“No.” Steve stopped him. He tried to ignore the overwhelming sensation of Tony's hand in his. “I’ve wanted you since way before that.” He felt Tony's shoulders tense up against him. “I liked you long before this whole mess. I only have eyes for you, Tony.” Steve could hear the fabric of his sweater shuffle as Tony turned his face into his neck, and felt a puff of uneven breath on his skin. A hot teardrop ran down his collarbone. He rubbed Tony’s arm gently, soothing him. “But you're right. I haven't been good at showing you that. But that will all change from now on, okay? I'll show you, every day, how much I want you. How much I need you." Tony swallowed hard against his chest. "You wanna know what Other-Tony said to me when he got here?”
“Holy shit! Was that Christine from WHIH talking to you?” He shoved Steve with his elbow. “I know I’m a married man, but wowza. I could watch
"I think it'll be great. Go take a lap, Hawkeye. I've got to chat with our fearless leader, here." Natasha crossed her arms and Steve knew he was in for it.
friends.” Tony responded. “Good teammates, maybe. Good at working together. But ‘friends’ might be a stretch.”
Clint thought it would be hilarious to give Tony and Steve the smallest bed in the house to share. They would've protested - but shut right up when Nat gave them a death glare.
“I’m fine.” Tony said, sniffling away his forgotten tears. Steve visibly relaxed, his eyes meeting Tony’s again. Tony saw Steve quickly lick his lips- probably a reflex - but it suddenly brought him back to what they had just almost done. “Uh...” He brilliantly muttered, his gaze flicking back up to Steve's, where he saw a glimmer of something. Something not quite yet spoken between them. Before he could get another word out, a roaring whoosh cut him off, a cold, white spray engulfing the both of them.
"Nonsense." Tony waved him over to the car and driver currently packing up his bags and bike. "Just wanted you to see what you've been missing." Steve walked right up to Tony and hugged him tight, feeling the smaller man hug back, and it didn't feel as awkward as last time, when they were saying goodbye. Maybe it was easier now, because Steve was certain of where he belonged. They both got in the car and were off, Steve grateful that he didn't need to try to stay alert on his bike at this late hour. As excited as he was, he began to nod off to the rhythmic sound of the tires on pavement, and the dull shine of highway lights passing them by. He closed his eyes and let himself rest for a bit, guessing that Tony wouldn't mind the quiet drive home.  Steve had guessed wrong, apparently.
After they ate, Steve opened his gifts, most of them small things to make his home life more special - a warm blanket, some house slippers, some candles. The team said it was so he wouldn't 'try to leave them' again. He just laughed - as if he would ever try to leave this wonderful new life he had. He started to pass out his own gifts to everyone, when Tony got up and announced that it was time for him to head out.
only chopping vegetables. They finished the stir fry just as the rest of the team - all except Tony - got settled down at the table. If it was up to Steve, he'd want to wait until everyone got home, but you never know a superhero's schedule, so they all began without him.
He'd spent hours that day trying to think of ways to just come out and say it. 'Hey so, by the way, I like men too.' - 'Tony, I need you to know, I can't get you out of my head.' - 'Would it be okay if dinner tonight turned into a date?' No. Nothing sounded natural. He couldn't even get the flirting down right. He would overthink it. He was a strategist, he couldn't help but to try to attack the task from every angle, and try to predict every outcome. And in the end, every outcome led to the same conclusion: Steve finding one way or another to make a fool of himself.
Tony eyed him, cautiously. With a light blush on his ears, he swiped away all the other holograms, leaving only the map of Tajikistan behind.
want you, Sunshine.” Tony easily responded, the odd but sweet nickname sending a shiver down Steve’s spine. Shit, had Tony always wanted him too? He was going to say something back - tell Tony he felt the same - but he felt a little pat on his arm. He reluctantly let go, and watched, paralyzed as Tony slipped out of his boxers and shirt and, without so much as a pause, pulled Steve’s pants and boxers off in one swift motion as well.
Their towncar arrived, and they both got in. The man out of time was feeling closer to normal than he had in a very long time.
"It's fine." Steve smiled. He got a rush seeing Tony wearing something of his. "I'll have you eating a bowl of oatmeal every morning soon enough. Let's go."
It was almost time to go back home and Tony still hadn’t found what the anomaly was that caused this universe to be so different from his. He’d tested the magnetic polarities, the speed of light
"Can I?" Steve gazed right back into those deep dark eyes. Tony  nodded. The moment Steve got permission, he expertly unbuttoned and pulled Tony's pants to his calves. He didn't wait, didn't build up to it, he needed to feel the weight of the big cock in front of him on his tongue right now. He licked his lips and took him, halfway down, in one fluid motion. Tony yelped, one hand crumpling Steve's shirt on his shoulder, the other fisting his hair, pulling tight. Steve's eyes began to water, yes, fuck, this is exactly what he wanted. He was so turned on, almost hysterical with the need to make Tony feel good, to feel his whimpers and the way his body shuddered against him. He pushed his face in closer, until his nose was buried in Tony's thin, groomed bush. It smelled amazing, just like he thought it would, manly, rich, like metal, like Tony's skin, like his bedsheets that first morning he woke up in his arms.
He looked at his phone and realized it was Sunday anyways. Wow, he'd really lost track of his days. That meant everyone should be in the tower today, usually Sundays was the team's lazy day and no one wanted to go out. He decided to go down to the communal kitchen, sure that someone would be there making breakfast. When he walked out to his living room, he was pleased to find that someone had indeed brought up his things, and so he fetched everyone's presents, hoping to find them all soon and say hi, as he'd gotten in too late yesterday to run into anyone but Tony.
That was his business then. Tony would need to be a true friend about it, and that meant getting these travel essentials to Steve before he left. Tony pulled out his screwdriver, and got back to work. So much for a happy birthday.
A few people looked away. Steve knew that deep down, most people are good. When given the chance and an encouraging environment, most people will make the right choice. This, unfortunately, was an echo chamber. These people were feeding off each other's greed, and saw no other way forward, so it was important to break the cycle now.
While he cleaned up, did his laundry, and got ready to go to sleep, he tried not to think about who the person he'd just imagined might actually be. He did, however, hug his pillow close to him as he fell into a deep sleep.
"Wash my hair?" Tony asked sweetly as they stepped into the hot spray, and Steve obliged right away. Tony knew that Steve liked to touch, couldn't stay away, really. So he would offer up any opportunity for his boyfriend to get his hands on him. Steve happily lathered up Tony's scalp, then soaped up his hands, working down the other man's body, scrubbing every muscle, and Tony did the same for him. When they were finally clean, Tony pushed up against Steve's chest, pulling him down for a kiss, moaning into his mouth, their wet hard dicks sliding against each other. Tony pulled back and was about to get on his knees when Steve held him up by the arms.
When some sparks started to fly from the hose that was now spewing fire, Steve tried not to look at the blinding light, focusing on the back of the Ironman suit. There was a panel missing from the back of the armor's thigh. Steve idly wondered how much Tony's ass hurts when he sits in the suit, if there were essentially a bunch of metal and wires under it.
"Heh. Well." Tony muttered as his eyes went wide and the tips of his ears got a little pink as he stared at Steve laughing. Steve pulled himself together, and smiled, encouraging Tony to go on. "So...well what do you know so far?"
"Be direct." He heard Nat whisper as she walked by him, on her way out. Once it was just them, it felt like all the air was sucked out of the room. Steve stood up, walking over to Tony, who wasn't showing any emotion, one way or another.
“Sorry…” He lamely apologized, wondering if he was already supposed to know this, somehow. Tony seemed to forgive him immediately though, which was a surprising change of pace.
“Will do.” Steve pulled him in and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. Tony’s traitorous ears went pink. “Hmmm...is that a little blush I see? So you DO like me.” Steve teased.
"I know that!" He realized now that he was yelling, and took a deep breath. "I know." Another breath to bring his temper back down. "It's just...I can take care of myself. I don't need him baby-ing me like SHIELD did."
“That’s what he said too.” Tony sighed. “He said… he thought it was me. But that can’t be it, Pep. He just doesn’t
"Oh. Um, well. In that case, thank you." Tony rubbed the back of his neck. "I wanted to....well at first it was only going to be for Spangles here, but I was able to finagle the luxury suite for us for the whole weekend. Friday, Saturday and Sunday, at Citi Field. As a small thank you to all of you-"
"Nope. No way. Not happening." Steve waved the orange trunks with 'CALTECH BEAVERS' printed on the side.
So he spent the next day taking in the sights and looking for the perfect gift for everybody. It was easy to get the rest of the Avengers done - he got Nat a bracelet he knew she'd been eyeing when she took him shopping. Clint got a complete LEGO set of himself that had just been released. He didn't know when Thor or Bruce's birthdays were, but didn't want them to feel left out, so he got Bruce a nice and intricate tea collection he found, and figured Thor would be happy with a little replica of his hammer that served as a bottle opener.
“What? Wait...you…” He looked down at Steve’s hands. “Where’s your ring? Where’s…” He looked back up at Steve’s face, examining him for a second before gasping and pressing something on his chest plate, quickly engulfing himself in an Ironman armor that Steve had never seen before. He lifted up one arm right to Steve’s face, the blaster making a high pitched whine, preparing to shoot.
