“No, Cas. Don’t. Just-” Dean sighed, hanging his head over his hands as he stopped the running water. The silence was unbearable. “You didn’t do anything wrong.” He finished.
“You could at least act like you like being near me, you know. I know I’m not exactly all that much fun to be around, but you could at least pretend like you aren’t counting the seconds ‘til you can get away from me.”
“Then what do I do?” he asks again. He’ll do whatever Dean asks, but he won’t let him die. If there’s no other way, he’ll heal him and let him be pissed.
“We’ve just - we’ve got to get out of the wet clothes and into something dry. The fire and blankets should do the rest.” He says, raising his fingers to try to pull off his jacket. They’re still stiff though, and Castiel gives in after a moment of his struggling to help him pull it off. Castiel helps with his other layers too, but Dean doesn’t start to reach for his soaked jeans.
He drags his lips down Dean’s stomach, pressing firmly just above his hip where the blanket is still draped. He grabs it, the fabric soft in his fingers, and looks up. Dean knows what he’s asking; nodding, he pulls his bottom lip between his teeth. Castiel wants to feel that too, so he leans back up and catches Dean’s mouth in his own, softly grazing his teeth over Dean’s bottom lip and pulling a moan from his throat. He could drown in that sound, if the universe allowed it.
“Anytime, dearie. I think you should go wash up. Sam and I can discuss payment.” She said with a grin turned towards Sam. Sam laughed nervously and rubbed at the back of his neck.
, he needs every inch of Dean, and when grace cinches down around wisps of golden light, Castiel is unmade.
“Cas?” Dean whispers softly. It’s so quiet Castiel isn’t even sure he heard it until Dean leans back up on his elbow. “You okay, buddy?”
They eat until Dean’s plate is empty and half of Castiel’s burger and fries are put away in a to-go box for later. Dean calls Sam from in the impala when they get back to the motel and gives him a run down of the case, excluding, of course, what happened between them. He says he wants to tell his brother in person when they get back to the bunker and Castiel can’t blame him for that.
Castiel didn’t need to ask again. He wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock and sucked him into his mouth. He felt so big and so warm pressed into his lips and the spit in his mouth leaked down the side of him. He tasted good,
“Cas.” Dean says back, a smirk playing at his bright red lips. Something flares up in Cas’s eyes, likely understanding, possibly, hopefully, the same lust Dean was feeling. Cas could always read him like a book, so he didn’t even have to ask for it before he blinked and they found themselves back in the musty old motel room.
“As you wish.” Castiel concedes with a grin, before pulling his fingers out for good and wiping them on a rag that had accompanied the other items in the bedside drawer.
They make it back out to the car and as his own reflection looks back at him through the dusty windows, he finally catches sight of the damage done to his wings. They were already starting to heal, slowly but surely; delayed by the siphoning of grace to Dean as well as the slower recharge time applied to him due to his consistent absence from Heaven. The wings were visible, not only to himself, but to Dean, to any human that laid eyes upon them. They were broken and bloody, red stains splattered over the oil-slicked black.
me?” The laugh was hearty and it made Castiel blush. Not long ago he wouldn’t have understood the reference, but with all his implanted knowledge, he placed the quote right away and couldn’t stop himself from laughing along with him.
“Cas, would you just let me talk!” He yelled, voice tight and gruff. Castiel’s hands fell back into his lap, his head down.
But even with the space between them, they talk. Dean asks what Castiel has been up to while he’s away and Castiel offers up what he can. They talk about Dean’s recent cases and about how Sam is doing with Eileen. Dean brings up that Sam has been pushing for a dog and Dean admits that he’s close to agreeing while making Castiel promise not to tell Sam of any such thing. During all of their talks, Castiel keeps himself out of arm’s reach.
Heaven is an angel falling in every way imaginable. Heaven is love and lust, sin and blood. It is the soft kiss from the one you love after healing hands pull you apart. Heaven is a motel room in rural Illinois. But most of all, Heaven is the two of them, bound by fate and destinies discarded. There’s simply nothing better than this.
Cas seems to read his thoughts, something Dean might have normally found intrusive, and a gummy grin shows up on bloody lips. “I think you have it wrong, Dean.” he starts, voice in control now, a harsh, superior tone that would make anyone bend their knee, “You are not the one in control here.
“Good boy. Good boy, Dean. Come for me.” Words command the orgasm from his body and he shouts into the hot air of the room as he covers himself in his own mess. The sight of him must have done something for Cas because before Dean can even get close to coming down, he feels himself being filled up in the most
Castiel smiles down at him, at the man he pulled from the ashes, the man that taught him to love and placed humanity in his palms, and pushes in. Dean drops his head against the pillow and his mouth falls open, hanging there as if he wants to make sound but can’t. His broken noises held shaking in the back of his throat as Castiel starts to move.
Dean turns over and Castiel is lost. His nose is still pink, but it almost touches his own. His lips are still blue, but they’re better now. He smells like the earth and the sun, like the Garden in it’s perpetual Spring and like the crisp air of a Winter morning. Dean is the seasons as they change, beckoning Castiel to watch and fall in love.
And so, they walk again, feet carrying them carefully over the increasingly slippery ground up to the clearing in the distance. Each step is labored, painful in his boots. He can’t imagine how Dean feels.
“Dean?” he calls. He’s sure he can see better than Dean out here, so why can’t he see him yet either? “Dean!” he shouts again. He doesn’t care if he wakes up the entire forest, every bit of wildlife nearby can wake up from their slumber for all he cares.
Another moan spills from Dean’s lips and Castiel groans in return. It’s too much, having him here, naked and pleading for Castiel to take him apart. He kisses him again, open mouthed, right under the head of his cock. He ends up smiling against him when Dean groans louder than before.
Stepping down the metal stairs, he called out into the expanse of the map room and further into the bunker. “Sam? Dean?” He was met with silence, but despite the lack of direct answer, he heard shuffling about coming from somewhere. Once at the bottom of the stairs, he heard the shuffling more clearly and figured it was coming from the kitchen.
Castiel tries to grasp at those words, to pull them from his chest like a loose string from the seams of his clothes, but the string breaks and his mouth fails him. Dean looks at him, reflections of flames in his eyes even with his back turned to the fire and Castiel feels his gut churn.
Dean nods, unable to form words as he scrambles his way to one of the mattresses. As soon as his ass is on the bed, Castiel takes a single, deliberate step forward. Dean watches him closely, green eyes blown with interest. Castiel undoes his tie, a slow process he takes his time on. Dean is practically squirming on the bed; Castiel smirks, a single brow raised.
“Dean, I- I don’t know what to do. You’re blue, Dean, what do I do? Will you let me heal you?” he asks.
“You’re warmer now.” He observes, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and holding him close. Dean huffs out a breathy laugh.
“Yes.” responds Castiel, sliding into the front seat of the impala just as Dean finishes up the bag to join him. There is no need to take both cars and Castiel is more than happy to sit in  the passenger seat for a change.
In one swift motion, Castiel’s wings materialize, sprouting from his back into this plane of existence and folding out in front of him. As bullets fly, he blankets his wings over Dean. Pain hits him in waves; bullets tearing apart his now visible limbs as feathers fall to the dirt clumped in thick spots of blood. He was being torn apart above Dean, but under the soft canopy of shredding feathers, Dean was safe. Shots ring in that barn for what seemed like eons, but predictably enough, the once full clips soon run out. Castiel glances up, catching sight of his damaged wings, to see the people frantically attempting to flee.
“I would love it if Cas was here.” Then, the dam broke again. “Every time we come home I hope he’s here waiting for us. I really wish he was here more often and not always off doing his angel crap. He should be home with us.” Dean was blushing now, desperate to shut himself up. He raised his hand to cover his mouth, but instead of force-stopping his brain, his words just came out muffled.
“Well, I certainly did not mean to.” He confessed, eyes stuck on the curve of Dean’s mouth. He wanted to taste it again. Castiel leaned down again and stole the smile from his lips, pressing fervent kisses onto his lips. They grew heavier, hotter. Dean pressed his tongue into Castiel’s mouth and he was just about gone. Pulling apart so suddenly it left Dean dazed, Castiel tore open the small square containing the condom and rolled it onto his dick. He had quite literally waited an eternity for this moment and he didn’t care to wait a moment longer. He quickly uncapped the lubcricant again and spurted a healthy amount over himself, giving his cock a few strokes before lining up.
It takes them close to two full hours to reach the campsites marked on Dean’s map. There are shreds of nylon and polyester dotting the ground but no telltale red flecks to follow further into the woods. Scratches mark the trees nearby, but again, there’s no blood decorating the scenery. Even the scraps of tent fabric on the ground seem out of place, off-putting.
be able to feel what Castiel does through this bond because there is only a second, the smallest fraction of time in Castiel’s long life that somehow manages to feel longer than the time he’s spent on Earth, before Dean moves the rest of the way. Dean’s lips are soft, better than the first roses that sprouted in The Garden. Though Castiel has lived eternity in divinity, the warm press of Dean against his mouth is the purest taste of the divine he has ever felt. Dean is more than Heaven; he is rapture and sin, love and lust entwined. Dean moves against his lips with the same greed Castiel feels; his fingers burying deeper into the fragmented feathers and Castiel all but moans into Dean’s mouth.
“Dean.” he says low, quietly as he can manage. Dean turns his head towards him inquisitively. He was probably trying to split his attention between Castiel and the barn entrance, so Castiel starts quickly.
“Dean, you don’t have to tell me anything. Why don’t, uh, why don’t we talk about your case? What um, what happened before the whole curse thing?” Castiel was desperate to steer the conversation away from himself and towards literally anything else. He so badly wanted Dean, wanted him to want him in return, but the last thing he wanted to do was accidentally make Dean say anything he would regret. He wanted Dean to love him, but if he did, he needed him to tell him because he wanted to, not because he had to. Castiel was well and truly between a rock in a hard place here.
Permission granted, Dean comes entirely undone. Enraptured, he screams, he yells Castiel’s name to the torn wallpapered walls and to the Heavens above. He spills over himself, leaving sticky white trails up his stomach. That is enough for Castiel and he follows Dean through ecstasy. His hips stutter as he comes and Dean continues to cry out, destroyed voice reduced to broken whimpers. It takes time to come down, to untangle himself from Dean.
“Don’t think we have a choice now. Look.” Dean motions with his head in the direction of the stone door, light from a walkway streetlamp making a bright line into the room. “Sam won’t be in town until tomorrow; there’s no point in waiting. We can handle it.”
Cas is still struggling with another demon, though Dean can now see two slumped bodies folded on each other just behind his own demon’s feet. The demon refocuses on him and despite Dean’s desperate need to check on Cas first, he knows he’ll get nowhere without dealing with this one.
“What do you want, Dean?” Castiel asks, placing his hands on either side of Dean’s head. Dean’s eyes are wide, pupils blown. “I’ll give you anything you want.”
“Something’s not right here.” Dean hums, kneeling down to pick up one of the tattered pieces. He rubs his fingers over the material, fingertips searching for clues he can’t see. It’s undoubtedly cold and crisp from being out in this weather, and from the look on Dean’s face, he doesn’t gather any additional information from this investigation. “It’s -  Cas, there’s no blood. What the Hell happened here?”
. He shakes himself off and pushes himself to his feet immediately, stepping outside and shutting the door behind him. There was no time to put out the fire and if the whole thing burns down while he’s gone searching for Dean then he’d taken too long and there’d be no reason to return anyway. He’s not going to let that happen.
An older woman seated at the table beside them laughs. “Oh, it’s not still out there, honey. Few of us took care of that beast right after it took some of our folks.”
it, but the cold is seeping into his bones in a way he’s not yet used to and reprieve from the chill would still be preferable. There is water and snacks in there, flares and material for fire, but where they are now, the ground is wet and covered and there’s no way they could camp here and survive.
It took Castiel a moment to process what he said. “I drive you crazy?” He furrowed his brows, unsure what he could have meant by that. Did Castiel really upset him that much? If he did, why would Sam want him here when he couldn’t do anything but tell the truth? Maybe this was some sort of cruel punishment they had cooked up; he couldn’t be sure.
Instead of answering, Castiel raises his hand to Dean’s chest. He presses his palm over Dean’s heart and dares to extend a small bit of grace towards him. Dean responds immediately; his soul reaching out to grab at wisps while his body gasps for air.
“Dean?” Cas reiterates, raising two fingers as if to heal him. Dean catches his wrist as the streetlamp regains its confidence and returns to life. Beams of light illuminate Cas’s face just right and any hopes of regular breathing flew out the metaphorical window. Cas was just as bloodied up as Dean was sure he himself looked. Red streaks dripped down his nose, from the corner of his eye, from the top of his hairline. There were tears in his clothes as well, crimson pools staining those rips. It
“I love you.” Castiel confessed, standing in front of Dean’s pushed back chair. The air was electric, charged with everything they’ve felt for years.
lie to him, he was finding it hard to keep his own pressing questions from spilling from his mouth. He gave Dean a hard look back and let out a grumpy sigh.
“That was so good, Cas, where the Hell did you learn how to do that?” He huffed drearily into the stale air.
“That’s a good idea. I would rather we not get stuck out there tonight.” Castiel concurs. As much as he loves the seasons, he’s not confident they’d survive a night in ever-growing snowbanks.
Dean just grins and squeezes Castiel’s hand before letting him go and cutting the engine. He doesn’t say anything else as he opens up his driver’s side door, Castiel following after him. The backpack stays abandoned in the back seat as they make their way back into the sanctity of a temporary bedroom.
Castiel can feel Dean’s heart hammering away in his chest. It’s strong and steady and speeding up by the second. It thrums under his fingertips, silently begging to regain those wisps of him that he longed for. Castiel was powerless to stop himself from indulging Dean’s want.
“Well, that was a waste of time.” Dean huffs, sliding into the booth at the downtown diner. The seats are comfortable for how old they are; cracked leather dotting around the permanent indents where they sit.
“You sure you just want to barge right in? I can scope it out first, Dean.” Castiel shifts uncomfortably; something feels off. He can’t place it just yet, but there is definitely something not right here.
Castiel blinks, stunned. Dean shifts up, deciding that the covers feel more like a trap than a comfort. Castiel stares at him as he stands up from the bed.
The next day is awkward and frustrating. Dean is bored and tired of feeling cooped up even after one night. He eats through the snacks he had and nearly empties the water bottle which Castiel later fills with snow and brings inside to let it melt. He grumbles and groans and Castiel sticks with his mission to not get too close. He gives Dean his space and doesn’t linger too long when they’re in each other’s vicinity and he keeps his hands to himself despite that always-there magnetic kind of pull to touch him.
Dean grips the demon blade in his bloodied fist and makes his move. The other shifts out of the way, swiping their own knife deep into the back of his thigh. Dean cries out again and almost loses his balance once more. At the sound of a blade entering flesh from across the room, followed closely behind by the stuttering flash of execution, Dean smiles. He could taste the blood coating his teeth but at this point it almost tasted good.
“Of course. I am a ways away, though. It may take me over a day to get there.” It’s just about a full 24 hour drive to get to Michigan from Montana, but he’s not so human as to require rest stops. That being said, no one likes sitting in the same seat for hours on end, so bathroom breaks or not, he can’t guarantee that he wouldn’t like to stretch his legs (and wings) every so often.
sound that came from uncapping the lid. He leaned back, checking Dean’s eyes for any hint that would say he wanted Castiel to stop.
Castiel picks up the pace, ignoring each shifted pile of snow in favor of the prints pressed firmly into the ground.
“The Pizza Man taught me quite a few things, Dean. You would be surprised.” Castiel managed a sly grin, something he wasn’t used to doing but felt right nonetheless. Dean huffed out another tired laugh.
Dean takes a seat and coughs as the dust puffs up from within the cushions. Dean’s shivering, his pink fingers still rubbing together near his lips to find warmth. Castiel steps closer, intent to give Dean every bit of his own warmth and - he stops.
“Fuck, Cas…” He says it out loud this time, needy words falling on Castiel’s ears. He wants to give Dean whatever he wants; he would destroy Heaven and Hell just to hear Dean say his name like that over and over again. He grinds down on him and feels Dean buck his hips up to meet his. Just then, Dean’s fingers find their way back into the down at his back and Castiel arches into the touch. A low groan rumbles from his chest and Dean’s eyes flutter shut at the sensation.
Seasons change; leaves fall to the ground to gather in crisp piles that beg to be pressed under the weight of your heels. Those leaves get blown away; they decay and get lost to the soil only to be covered up by eventual snowfalls. Snow melts under the warmth of the sun and new leaves grow in place of the old ones. It continues on, in circles like that; a never-ending flow, always the same progression throughout the years. Castiel has seen many seasons- all of them, in fact- and yet every time he watches the first leaves of autumn disconnect from their branches and float to the ground, he can’t help but to feel a beautiful sense of calm.
“Cas, please…” Dean rasped between kisses, his hands roaming over Castiel’s cloaked back. “Coat, please take it off.” Castiel stepped back and let it fall from his shoulders. They were both painfully aware of the tightness in their pants as well as the frustrating amount of clothing they seemed to routinely wear.
“Fuck-” Dean breathes, sharp. His hand flies to tangle in Castiel’s hair, guiding his lips around his cock. Castiel hums around him as Dean nearly falls apart. He’s trying to keep himself still, to not fuck into Castiel’s throat, but Castiel just takes him deeper. He can feel him at the back of his throat and at Dean’s next moan he pulls off, leaving him shining and covered in saliva, to lap at the tip.
Want churns deep in his gut, flaring up the pain in his limbs and adding to it in the most sickeningly sweet way. Dean tightens his grip on Cas’s wrist and pulls his battered face to his own without a second thought. Artificial air rushes out of Cas’s lips in revelation and it only takes the angel a fraction of a second to catch up. Lips crash together as they kneel in graveyard dirt. When Cas breaks away, Dean is panting and there is smeared blood on both of their lips.
“Thank you.” He responded. Before Sam decided to impart any more words of wisdom on him, Castiel fled the library and walked towards the kitchen. Just outside, he heard Dean grumbling to himself. It took a lot of restraint to refrain from eavesdropping and instead walk through the threshold.
And still, despite everything he has seen, Castiel would never see anything more beautiful than Dean. Because Dean was love personified, and after all, there was nothing more beautiful than love.
Dean was watching him with hooded eyes and parted lips, breaths coming from his mouth in short pants. Dean raised his hand, palm open, inviting Castiel to hold it. He looked at it for a moment before taking Dean’s hand in his, intertwining their fingers, grounding Dean. Then, Castiel pushed in, seeing Dean’s eyes screw shut as he slowly got further and further inside. When he bottomed out, Dean released the breath he was holding tight in his chest and let his eyes open up to watch Castiel. Castiel lost any sense of composure he had left. Dean felt so tight and just
“That was… something else, Cas.” He said, a wistful grin on his lips that Castiel wanted to kiss away. So he did.
Splayed out and panting, Dean looks like the sky after Castiel finished painting the stars. Once a blank canvas, now a part of the constellations he hung throughout the universe. Freckles dot his skin, begging to be counted, demanding to be kissed. So, Castiel does. He brushes his lips over every fleck of natural ink, runs his hands over his curves and edges. His hand ends up fitting over the raised flesh somehow still branded into his shoulder and something buzzes between them.
“What does?” Dean asks, now firmly seated on the raised concrete. The human’s leg brushes against his own; Castiel does his best not to mention it.
“Can I heal you now?” Cas’s hands are pressing lightly on his chest, waiting for permission to let his grace course through Dean’s veins.
“Have you spoken to the police already?” Castiel inquires, eyes scanning over the borrowed pages. They told of the people gone missing; there were quite a few - all visitors, all went up for a hike and didn’t make it back. There were stories from longer ago as well; those pages were yellowed with age but they spoke the same tale. Left for a hike, didn’t make it back. Like the ones before, taken in previous Winters that Castiel could picture in his mind by the telltale marks of the year, there were no bodies found. Unlike the years before, all the victims were visitors to the town. At least, it seems, the people around here learned. If only tourism wasn’t such a booming business.
Dean’s soul just as clearly as he could when he met him in Hell. He had left a piece of himself with Dean when he sewed him together and under the palm of his hand he can feel how they’ve settled together behind Dean’s ribs.
of you. Before you, I was like every other Angel, unfeeling and doubtless; but you, just being near you gave me the freedom to love. I would have never known what love could feel like if it wasn’t for you. So yes, Dean, I love you. I love you more than the fall of Autumn leaves, and if you asked me to, I would leave everything behind to stay by your side. You are love, Dean, and I am love because of it.”
Suddenly, Dean’s hand was up under Castiel’s chin, tilting his head up so he could meet his eyes. Castiel’s mouth ran dry. The magnetic pull that Dean had was astonishing and Castiel could barely breathe. Dean’s hand pulled up closer and for the second time that night, their lips crashed together. Dean’s lips were soft and the kiss was tender, an attempt to convey just how much they both meant those words. Castiel pulled back.
“Does that mean something?” Castiel asks, hiding his knowing smile against Dean’s throat. He feels Dean’s heartbeat pick up under his lips and scrapes his teeth along his pulse point to feel him shiver in his hands.
The plunge of the blade into the demon is almost like a climax of sorts. Not exactly like sex, but there’s a rush of adrenaline and endorphins that he just can’t get anywhere else. The corpse sputters out a groan and flickers out of existence, discarded body crumpling to the floor with the others. Dean let out a shaky breath, unable to hide the grin.
“Dean,” he says, “would you care to help?” He’s never seen Dean sit up so fast in his life. Eager fingers fumble over the buttons of his shirt and his mouth hangs open when his hands finally touch his ribs. He runs them over Castiel’s tattoo, lingering over the inked Enochian letters that peppered his flank. He lets Dean continue as he shucks the shirt from his shoulders. Dean looks up at him through his lashes and Castiel tilts his head down to gesture towards his pants. He watches Dean lick his lips as he unhooks the button and slides the zipper down. Slacks are dropped to the floor like everything else and he watches Dean’s wide eyes take in his almost naked form.
“Cas, no!” Dean’s voice rips from his throat. The demon blade he was lucky to have with him gets tugged out from his pocket to rest tightly in his grasp. He closes the distance in a few short steps but as soon as he’s within range to make a connection, he gets knocked back by a bony elbow in his ribs. He can feel the air fly from his lungs as he stumbles back, the demon turning now to follow after him.
“Shh, shh, Dean, I’ve got you.” he comforts. Much to his surprise, Dean relaxes. He even pushes against Castiel’s fingers so Castiel returns the pressure. He circles his wet fingers there, pushing and pressing lightly until Dean is back to begging.
“Cas!” Dean breathes, reverent, pushing Castiel’s name from his lips in the same way he prays. It makes Castiel shutter.
As soon as his ass hits the concrete, the demon is over him, knees pushing hard bruises into his stomach as his temporary fists pummel his face. The wet crack of bone sounds through the mausoleum as pain flairs underneath his eye. The demon steps back and for the briefest of fleeting seconds Dean thinks they might just leave, that maybe this isn’t as much fun as they had hoped and that they would go find fun elsewhere. But, they were demons, and he was a Winchester with his angel; this was the epitome of fun for abominations like them. That was made evident by a hard, steel-toed boot connecting with his ribs. Dean cries out under the splitting hurt of it all. Another few kicks follow in swift succession; a floating feather of a thought whips around in his head about how it could be so much worse or how he could die here or maybe a mix of both. Another kick to the ribs and this time he’s sure they are broken too.
Castiel stops talking as the first icy flecks begin to drop from the clouds. Already heavy and large, the snowflakes start to come down. The ground beneath their feet is firm and cold, far too ready for the snow for it to cause any to melt, and instead offering the perfect place for the fallen flakes to gather. They watch for a moment as a thin layer begins to form on the ground around them.
It wasn’t long before Castiel opened the door to the bunker. Sam had informed him of the situation, or more accurately, what small fraction of the situation he had understood, and had asked him to come soon as he could. Castiel wasn’t sure how he could help in lifting a witch’s curse, but he was always happy to help the Winchesters. So, he had driven back to the bunker as fast as he could to be of assistance.
Dean grumbles at the canned food this time, telling Castiel how he’s going to be sure to take them for a real meal as soon as they get back into town. He asks if it’s a date, and though Dean turns away, cheeks tinted a lovely pink, he says it is.
“Okay…” he trails off like there’s more he wants to say, but he settles back under his covers, blankets hiding his chest from Castiel’s view again. Castiel breathes a sigh of relief. “Why were you outside?”
It doesn’t take long for Dean to pull them up to the edge of the forest once they are beyond the city. He finds a wooden awning extending over a few parking spaces near the entrance to a park and bets on that as the safest place for his baby in case the weather turns sour.
. The innate desire they both have been stamping down for years. “If you don’t want this, tell me right now. If I touch you for one more second I’m going to rip these clothes off of your body before you can catch your breath. So tell me right now, Dean, do you want this?” Cas’s voice is firm, demanding of respect, but also low and grumbly, threatening to shake just from the struggle of holding in the lust. It made Dean want to come in his pants right there.
Once inside, they each take a bed. When Castiel has the all-too-familiar urge to ask to share, he quiets down the request in his mind and pulls back the covers on the bed stationed on his side of the room. Like with eating, Castiel doesn’t necessarily need sleep, but much the same, he does enjoy it from time to time if he can manage it. It would certainly be easier if he could sleep; he wouldn’t have to wait through the hours that Dean slept, longing to be closer but feeling the weight of guilt for having such selfish thoughts.
Busy is subjective. In his car, parked on the side of the road somewhere in Montana, theoretically, Castiel is busy. The seasons don’t observe themselves. He makes notes on the changes from previous years; marks somewhere in his memory how each one is different from the last to differentiate between all the Winters he has seen. And yet, no matter where he is parked and no matter the season he sees in the trees, when Dean asks, the answer will always be -
shouldn’t be here. Rustling leaves from distant trees break the silence intermittently, swaying their attention away from where it should be. Dean’s got eyes on the mausoleum, Cas’s eyes should be the one grazing over the tree line at the edge of the cemetery. He breaks to glance where the most recent shuffling of leaves came from anyway, but sees nothing.
“‘Was hopin’ you’d say that. Got a case over here in Michigan right now. Sam’s already working something in Nevada with Eileen and I could use the help if you’re up for it.”
Dean smiles at him again, the warmth of a laugh behind his teeth. The bleeding of light from those lips reminds him of the brighter light of his soul and Castiel can’t help but to smile in return. Dean would always be that bright thing he pieced together a decade ago and Castiel was always in awe when he caught glimpses of that light again.
and swirled his tongue over the head, lapping up Dean’s precum as if it was a limited resource. Dean moaned at that, tangling his fingers into Castiel’s ever messy hair. Dean’s head dropped back as he pushed Castiel’s head down, forcing his lips over his dick. Castiel took him in fully, the head of his dick hitting the back of his throat. Dean groaned again.
Castiel pulls off for a second, just briefly, to look him in the eyes as he trails his tongue from base to tip. When Dean closes his eyes, his bottom lip between his teeth again, Castiel brings him back to that edge and pushes him over.
Castiel tucks one arm under Dean’s shoulder blades and the other under his knees and lifts him up as he hauls himself to his feet. Dean tries to say something else but it gets lost in the chatter of his teeth. Castiel makes it back up the broken ground, Dean in his arms, and walks as quickly as he can back to the cabin. The footsteps are almost covered as snow continues to fall around them, but Castiel knows the way by now.
He is unconscious, but breathing. His breaths are shallow, desperate pulls of his lungs, and Castiel can almost feel how hard he’s trying to hold on. He falls to his knees, hands seeking him out to comfort him, to heal him. He pulls Dean into his lap and places his fingers tenderly on his forehead. Again he feels his grace flow from his hands, but this time it serves a different purpose. The angelic heat of the Heavenly host turns gentle to cradle the diminishing embers of the Righteous Man.
Castiel sits and watches out the windows as Dean sleeps that night, wondering when the snow will stop. He keeps the fire going through the night, but when morning comes and Dean wakes again, the clouds continue to torture them and the banks of snow continue to grow.
There’s a wetness against his chest, but Castiel doesn’t say anything. Dean shakes against him and Castiel just holds him tighter.
“Gorgeous.” He muttered, eyes roaming over everything kept hidden under layers of fabric every day. Dean blushed, his dick twitching in front of Castiel’s far too close face.
Dean visibly swallows; his jaw clenches and his throat works despite no sounds coming out. Dean’s hand finally brushes against feathers and Castiel shivers at the touch. His eyes close, his head tilts back just slightly, needless breaths rush from his lungs. His wings burn, flares and pockets of pain cover them in a way he hasn't felt since he fell. And yet, through divots of agony, Dean’s calloused hands feel
Castiel pulls back and blinks. “What do you mean? The people? I had to kill one, but the rest I believe I scared straight and-”
“You just going to stay silent until I fix this?” He asks, leaning back against the doorframe to the kitchen. Dean held his stare and furrowed his brows, opening his mouth slightly before snapping it back shut. Instead of answering him, he took a big swig of the beer in his hands.
“Okay, so you want to just go out there?” It doesn’t seem that wise of a plan, but Castiel isn’t sure there’s a better place to start.
The drive is longer than Castiel remembers it to be, but maybe that was because of his current predicament. By the time they roll up to the mostly deserted parking lot, night has fallen and the concrete is lit only by the meager light of old streetlights, burned away from white light to orange. Castiel is thankful for the cover of darkness as they leave the vehicle and slip back into their shared room. Dean switches on the light as he walks in and Castiel closes the door firmly behind them. It latches with a quiet
Dean makes a fair point. The police are generally useless in these situations, but even more so than usual in this case. So Castiel nods, affirming the lack of need to visit the local station as he finishes browsing the papers.
Castiel has seen the world; he has seen the first sunrise, the first dusk; he has seen countless eclipses and  endless full moons. He has watched as man sinned and turned from Heaven and he has seen repentance tenfold. Castiel has watched the seasons change; he has seen crystals of snow he designed fall to the ground to be stepped on and melted away by the sun. He was there for every new leaf that sprouted from bare trees and he was there to watch each one of them turn red and fall again.
Castiel wants to hold him, to press desperate kisses into his chilled skin, to apologize and risk losing him to prove to Dean he was wrong. But keeping him alive is more important, so he keeps pulling him, dragging him over the ice and back onto land. When they’re away from the water, Dean’s breathing gets louder.
They lay there together, spent and warm and alive, until the sun comes up and the snow stops falling.
“Dean, please.” he started, daring to meet Dean’s eyes from across the table. “Don’t say anything you’ll regret.”
“Well, you could at least sit down. You’re making me nervous just standing over there.” Dean grumbles, turning over to face away from him. Something tugs at Castiel’s heart and he gives in with a sigh, crossing the room to plant himself on the old couch, Dean near his feet.
“Please, what?” he asks, a sly smile on his lips as he removes his sticky fingers. Dean whines at the loss, already squirming on the bed below him. He doesn’t wait for an answer as he strokes himself a few times, tearing open the condom wrapper with his teeth. It rolls on easy and Dean’s mouth runs dry as Castiel adds more lube over himself.
“No, but we know that whatever’s out there really hasn’t eaten in quite some time. There’s three men and two women missing now. It could possibly be satisfied with that and we’ll find nothing out there.” Castiel decides to eat, but he rests the menu back on the table; he is going to order whatever Dean does anyway.
They turn back towards the direction they came, noses already turning a bright shade of red, and start the trek back. The snow starts coming down even heavier though, if that is even possible, and soon the trees all start to look the same. Any markers they could have left to follow their previous path have been covered in snow, pressed into the dirt and weighed down by icy flurries. Branches get covered as well, layering up to hide any defining features that could tell them where they are. The longer they walk, the more the snow builds up around them, hiding their past footprints and getting them turned around. By the time they’re out there longer than their initial hike up, the snow is banked up to their shins.
“Very much so.” Castiel admitted, placing his hand on the back of his neck and pulling him back into a kiss. He didn’t wait to swipe his tongue along the seam of Dean’s mouth and was pleased when Dean let him in. He explored Dean’s mouth with zeal, loving the way his tongue felt against his own. Dean’s hands were in the waistband of his pants now and that was all the signal Castiel needed. He pushed Dean onto the bed, legs dangling over the edge as he sat. Castiel kneeled in between his legs and reached for the button on Dean’s jeans. He looked up at him through his eyelashes, asking for permission to continue. Still without words, Dean nodded quickly, leaning when he needed to to shrug off the pants. Just left in his briefs, it was still too much. Castiel tucked a finger into the waistband and again silently asked for permission.
“Yeah, or the son of a bitch could be a glutton after all that fasting. C’mon, you saying it wouldn’t want a bite of this? I’d be tasty.” Dean holds out his arms as he asks the question, raising his brows and tilting his chin down to motion to his body. Castiel couldn’t say whether or not Dean would be tasty to a monster, but he’d be a liar if he said he hadn’t thought about tasting the man in another sense of the word. Thankfully, Dean wasn’t asking about
“Why, ‘cause of that girl? Didn’t really tell us anything new.” Dean flips the page, eyes scanning over the options as if he’s going to order anything different than his usual diner meal.
Castiel holds him, kisses him until his Summer green eyes close and his breathing finds a steady rhythm.
After coming to no real conclusion on the matter and the sun setting another time, Dean takes to the bed again as Castiel stokes the fire. The snow is somehow still coming down and Castiel is unsure if it will manage to end overnight. Once the fire is going again, strong and steady, Castiel returns to his perch by the glass.
And that’s okay. Castiel is capable of loving and not being loved in return. It hurts and it aches and it makes his body itch to move closer, but he will bear the pain to bask in Dean’s light for as long as he’s able. Dean will never be his in the way he wants, but Dean is still his friend and Castiel will be here in whatever way he’ll have him. An angel off the line with a brand new salvation.
Castiel pulls away, panting. “You’re an idiot.” he breathes, not caring that Dean is standing there, stunned and lost for words. “I have loved you from the moment I laid my hands on you, Dean Winchester, and I’ll love you far after this world is gone.”
He kisses down his soft stomach, avoiding Dean’s cock as he continues on down his thighs. Dean breathes heavily at each kiss and Castiel can feel the burn of Dean’s longing under his tongue.
Dean pauses and Castiel tightens his jaw. He continues to focus on the fire with his eyes, but his mind is entirely turned towards Dean. Because whatever Dean wants, he will give him. It doesn’t matter what he asks for, it’s his. Castiel would fall forever, would die a hundred times and come back a hundred more to give Dean the world.
“That’s great, Rowena. I’ll help you get started!” Sam hurried, stepping out of the room but lingering in the hall.
When he opens his eyes, he sees Dean exactly where he was before, except now he’s only covered by the small blanket that they brought with them. It’s tucked under him, wrapped around his middle and just long enough to reach over his shoulders. It doesn’t cover his chest and most of his legs are out, but they’re facing towards the fire.
“Thank you.” Castiel says under his breath. The cabin can’t reply, of course, and Dean gives him a strange look as they step off into the snow.
?” Dean says - only, his lips don’t move. He speaks within Castiel like a prayer, but heavier, louder.
“We are.” Castiel agrees. He’s pretty sure he knows where Dean is going now, but if it’s what he thinks, he wants Dean to say it. He’s got to ask for it.
“Dean?” he calls again and he spots him, chest-deep in broken ice, clothes soaked through. The ground in front of Castiel had fallen away and there are divots in the side of the small cliffed area that he’s sure match Dean’s fingers. The cliff shouldn’t have broken with the ground being so frozen, but it must have been days away from falling before the current weather hit and Dean must have stepped just so to tip it over. The ice should have been thick enough too, but the impact of the fall must have been just enough to break through. And now Dean is down there, icy water closing in around him as he calls for him.
Dean returns his gaze to the door of the mausoleum which, unless he just hadn’t noticed it being that way for the last 20 minutes of their stakeout, was now ajar. Breath catches in his throat for a brief moment as the familiar waves of fear and adrenaline rush down his spine. He shakes his head.
Dean doesn’t seem bothered by his delayed arrival time, however. “Sounds good, Cas. I’m still on the way myself so I probably won’t get there too much sooner than you. I’ll send you the details and see ya there. Thanks, Cas.”
The cabin shakes - or, it seems to shake - in the wake of Dean’s departure. It’s like it knows, like the wooden beams that line the place are merely there to hold memories and judgements instead of the roof. It’s cold and one look out the window confirms that the snow hadn’t stopped in the last five minutes that it took Dean to storm outside. The sun is gone now too and there are no lights at the cabin to guide Dean back to him.
Castiel is so unsure where this tension came from. He was so sure they had been on the same page earlier that he felt like he was getting whiplash. He couldn’t stand this hot and cold. He hated it. They both had said something monumental and it was unfair for the tides to turn so quickly.
Both Dean and Castiel watch as another man walks into one of the stalls and returns with a man- no, this one is definitely a vampire- bound by his hands. Despite the creature’s predicament, he smiles at them.
Dean runs fingers through his wings until Castiel is practically purring. They’re both straining against the fabric of their boxers and Castiel hastily removes both pairs. Fully unclothed, Castiel presses his length on Dean’s, forcing a heady groan from him. Castiel swallows that sound, lips moving on Dean’s.
“You know, I don’t think it was a curse.” Dean stated as Castiel continued pressing kisses into his lightly bruised shoulder. There were a few teeth marks there and Castiel pressed his lips gently over them.
Dean is looking at him as he flicks his tongue over his cock, but the sight is too much and he tosses his head back into the mattress. “Jesus Christ, Cas, I’m not gonna last if you - ohh…”
They discuss the case more over food, but there isn’t really much more to decide. When they finish up, they head over to the store for provisions - food, flares, the usual things you’d buy for a hike, more flares - and then they return to the motel.
“Oh, fuck, Cas,” Dean tightened his grip in Castiel’s hair and fucked into his mouth with shaky thrusts. “Cas!” He groaned deep in his throat and Castiel felt the hot spurts jolt down his throat. It was warm and he sounded so lovely as he swallowed him down so completely.
“Really?” Dean asks, voice small as he follows suit and stands from his chair. They’re close, breaths mingling between them. Still, neither closes the gap.
“Would you like to do the honours?” Dean says cheekily, a flush in his voice. Cas is finally able to regain his composure- and control- over the situation with Dean’s hands no longer running through roughed up wings. He removes his hand from Dean’s cock, much to Dean’s dismay, and instead swipes all the oil off of his fingers.
“No.” Dean says, still chattery and far too quickly. “No, Cas, you gotta save that for when you really need it.”
Cas’s arms are around him before he can answer and he is promptly taken out of the mausoleum and back out into the crisp winter air. Ice cold wind licks at his wounds, causing a flare of wicked pain that made his insides burn. Cas leans down so Dean can kneel in the first, clothed knees quickly getting muddied. Despite his suit, Cas kneels down with him.
“It happens so fast.” Castiel speaks, temporary hands clasped together over his knees. Being in a vessel no longer bothers him as much as it used to. With Jimmy gone, this body feels almost as much his own as his true form. He feels the change of air temperature more acutely in this body; if he didn’t have his coat, he is sure he could even get goosebumps from the chill of late October.
Castiel started bobbing his head, taking him in as deep as he could and reveling in the small, desperate thrusts Dean was giving. He sucked hard, cheeks indenting as he worked.
Castiel has touched Dean’s soul, has stitched him back together from ragged shards left scattered in Hell. He has held his being in the palm of his hands and encased that light underneath his skin once more. He has redecorated his skin with constellations of freckles and freed him from his scars. Dean is warmth; he is the sun personified. He is everything that is good; the embodiment of hope and love. And he could never love Castiel the way that he loves him.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from pacing about the room, eyeing the sweating bottle on the table as if it was going to give him any advice. After a few minutes where nothing came to him, no revelations or wisdom, he decided it best to join them in the other room and help out with the procedure. As soon as Dean was good to go, Castiel could hightail it out of here and get back to what he was doing when Sam had called.
It takes him much less time than it did to find him to get them home. The water dripping from Dean’s clothes has thoroughly soaked Castiel’s by the time he opens up the front door and gets them both inside. The fire is still going where he left it and as soon as the door is closed behind them, Castiel can hear that he is shivering as well.
need sleep, especially if they are to set out into the woods tomorrow. Now certainly isn’t the time to worry about the sleep schedule of an angel with a tarnished halo.
“I don’t understand.” Castiel conceded. He wanted to reach out, put his hand on his shoulder again, tell Dean he could talk to him. Dean just dried his hands and walked out of the bathroom, brushing up against him, touch like a static shock jolting Castiel into movement. He followed Dean down the hall and stopped just in the doorway to Dean’s room. He wanted to follow further, but he wasn’t convinced he was welcome.
“Dean.” Eyes open, they get lost. Dean’s gaze weighs on him, pulling him from grace to sin. It should be blasphemy to want this, but his grace longs for Dean and by the look he’s receiving, he no longer has to deny himself this.
They tread around to the back of the barn with careful steps, extremely mindful of broken glass and those crisp fallen leaves that held the potential to give them away. In that moment, Castiel was sure his love for those leaves would crumble if their quick crunches led to Dean being harmed. He would throw away millennia of preferences if they betrayed him like that.
Dean straightens up and takes a defensive step backwards, back towards Cas who steps forward to meet him at his side, angel blade in hand. The streetlamp outside sputters for a moment, not committed to lighting up the enclosed space before deciding to give up entirely. Darkness covers the room and it’s less than a second before the other party takes a swift few steps towards them.
“I love you.” Dean blurts. He wants to take it back; they had just had sex, that was all, maybe Cas didn’t feel the same way. Maybe-
It was far too cold to be out. Breath puffs in compact clouds that fly away from their lips and dissipate into the darkness above them. They shouldn’t be here; they
Castiel keeps the water bottle filled, stepping outside to pack snow into it at different intervals throughout the day. Dean ends up testing his luck with some of the canned food left behind in the cupboards and is surprised when it doesn’t end up making him sick.
Then, the fingers are gone and Dean feels lost. Tossed out to sea to suffer alone. Cas laughs, a low grumble that pulls Dean from his abandoned longing. Cas is reaching into his own wings when Dean looks up at his and his breath is gone. Bent in such a way, sparse with bruises and blood with divinity on his back and a dingy halo of light above his head, Castiel is a walking contradiction of purity and sin.
And just like that, everything Castiel had feared about a confession before they had spoken them was coming back to bite him. Dean felt guilty, but now so did he.
“You gonna try to get any sleep?” Dean asks, pulling the covers over his frame. Castiel can see him shiver underneath it.
The moment he entered, Dean whipped his head up from where it was laying in his hands. Their eyes met, and Castiel felt the usual pang of longing that had grown so comfortable in his chest. Every time he looked at Dean, every time he spoke to him, he felt it. Most of the time, he even felt it when he was far away and hadn’t heard his voice in days. Now, it felt supercharged, like the answers to all his questions were almost in his grasp, there if he only reached a little further.
“You know I -mm -ly, I really li -mm -im. I can’t help that I’m in lo -mm.” Dean was trying so hard to stop himself now it was beginning to get painful to watch. His face was so red and his fingers were white from the pressure he was putting over his mouth. He kept going, though by this point his hand was so tight over his lips, Sam couldn’t make out a single word. He wanted to laugh, tease his brother about how much he had to say about the topic of Cas, but he figured it better to just go ahead and follow through on calling him. So, he returned that slight upturn of an evil grin and walked out of the kitchen, leaving Dean behind to talk to himself.
heard them, had been watching that door for forever until he had noticed the change. He wasn’t insane; they were supposed to be here.
Dean stops, breathes. There’s far too much between them, both history and space, and Castiel wants to close all those distances to reach Dean.
Neither of them spoke for a minute, the air heating up in the room in mere seconds. It felt like they were burning up in here, an invisible flame somehow marking the distance separating them. Dean took in a shaky breath.
“For me?” There is unease there, apprehension. Dean’s fingers slow their ministrations and Castiel is finally able to open his eyes once again. He tilts his head back towards Dean, his forehead almost touching Dean’s own, and meets his eyes.
sense of the word, and as Castiel opens his mouth to reply, the waitress returns, saving him from possible embarrassment. If Dean doesn’t tip her well, Castiel is going to leave extra cash on the table when they leave.
“Like this,” Dean says, out loud this time, a blinding smile so bright it matches the glow of their eyes, “fuck me like this.”
want him. There must have been more to that sentence. Something like, ‘I want you to go away.’ or maybe ‘I want you to give me some space’ or perhaps even ‘I want you to just leave me alone already.’. Yes, those were far more likely.
“Hell yeah. Well, let’s head out, circle the town, scout for abandoned buildings and whatnot. Maybe we’ll even gank these bloodsuckers before bedtime.” Dean grins, speaking with excitement. Castiel nods and follows Dean back out. They give obligatory waves to the woman that let them through and slot themselves back in the car once more.
Dean is holding his gaze intently when he motions with his head to start stepping back. He wants them to go around back, see if there is any place where they can peek through the walls to get a glimpse at what they’re up against. As always, Castiel follows Dean’s every step.
“Well, we can talk to a few more locals, grab a bite to eat and some stuff for the hike maybe, get some shut eye and head out tomorrow. ‘Sound good?”
Despite his apprehensions, Castiel walks in step with Dean towards the barn. They step carefully, eyeing the discarded cans and broken bottles that littered the ground. The closer they get to the entrance, the more Castiel can smell the pungent aroma of alcohol with the tangy scent of blood. Bottles towards the slightly open door are newer, left there rather recently in comparison the dented cans by the car. If he was uncertain before that this was the nest, the smell of blood would have confirmed it, but with the brash smell of alcohol present, he wonders if maybe it could be something else.
“C’mon Cas, don’t hold out on me now.” Dean laughs. It’s a sweet laugh; cute, but not what Castiel wants to hear, so he waits. He keeps the pressure at his rim, pumping himself slowly while he watches Dean’s wide eyes.
“Dean.” The words should sound guarded, like a warning not to tread too far, but instead they sound restrained and Dean Winchester sure does love a challenge.
. He finally, mercifully, bottoms out and they both huff out restrained puffs of air. It can’t be seen now that they’re no longer out in the cold, but it was humid enough in the room that if you tried hard enough, you just might have seen it anyway.
“Right, sorry, Dean, I-” It appears neither of them get to finish a sentence tonight as Sam suddenly appears in the kitchen, Rowena in tow. Both Dean and Castiel turn their heads quickly, blushing and disheveled as Castiel takes one more step back, away from Dean.
” Dean pants, sweat beading on his brow as his hands twitch above his stomach in a desperate attempt not to touch himself.
“Fuck…” he rasped, “Cas, you gotta move.” Dean had a soft whine to his voice and Castiel was sure that if he could get drunk, that alone would do him in. So, he moved. He curled the finger buried in him until Dean was squirming and near begging for him to add another. He whined again when Castiel removed the finger long enough to add more lube. To make up for the loss, Castiel pushed two fingers in, curling them until he was sure Dean was going to come undone in his hands. He was whining and whimpering, moving his hips to feel Castiel in him.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel says softly, more to the fire than to Dean. He means it for Dean, of course, but to direct it towards the flames is easier, safer.
“Nah, if they’re here, they’re asleep. Now would be the best time to hit ‘em anyway. No use in wasting time. Maybe we can wrap this up quick and I can finally make you watch that movie I’ve been hounding you about.” Dean turns his head towards Castiel, a bright smile beaming in his direction. If he needed to breathe, it would take his breath away.
“I can’t regret this because I can’t lie, Cas! It’s the truth and I can’t lie to myself any more than I can lie to you. So boo-fucking-hoo, this is how I’m doing this whether we like it or not.” Dean’s intensity could be felt in the air, a static charge hovering between them on the brink of starting a fire. The more he spoke, the more Castiel could feel that the anger was more than that; it was frustration. He was frustrated, whether with himself or Castiel he couldn’t be sure, but it wasn’t the white hot anger he thought it was.
Before he has time to move, a woman brandishing a shovel connects it to the back of Dean’s skull and with a sickening
“Like how far should we go?” Dean hoped for clarity, leaning back as a blush tinged his cheeks. Beautiful.
Instinctively, Castiel crosses the barn, a shout tearing its way out of his throat. Time seems to slow as Dean’s name is ripped from his lips; he’s on his knees behind Dean, cradling his limp form in his arms as the first bullets fly from their barrels.
“Yes, Cas, fuck, come on.” He rushed, leaning around to get himself out of his boxers. “You too. Need to see you, Cas, please.” Castiel had never known Dean to beg, but it was just about the hottest thing he’d ever been witness to. With a curt nod, Castiel freed himself from the rest of his clothes and kneeled back down between Dean’s legs. Fully undressed, Dean was breathtaking.
to say it back, but it got caught in his throat. He knew he loved him, had known for a very long time, but he always knew that there was no way it was requited.
“No, Cas, this isn’t on you. I knew the second you walked in there that I wasn’t going to be able to keep that in.”
Conversations drift, floating from yesterday’s activities to the case to Sam and Eileen and back to yesterday. When they sit near the fire, Castiel keeps Dean close. He isn’t sure what it will be like once they’re out of this place, whether Dean will change his mind about all of this, so he keeps him close while he can, just in case. He presses kisses onto his hands, along the freckles on his shoulders and the ones dusted across his cheeks. He tells Dean he loves him and he revels in the way that the fluttery feeling finally settles in his chest.
He tucks them against himself and-despite his need to be close to Dean- slides into the back seat. Dean gives him a disappointed look in the rearview mirror, but understands as soon as he scoots to the middle. His wings were far too big for even the back seat; folding over themselves like origami birds. It was uncomfortable and likely an obstruction of view from the back windshield, but there wasn’t much to be done about it. He settles as much as he can and Dean speeds off, away from the dirt and blood of the barn and towards the dingy motel.
you. Could… could I see you, Cas? Was that you?” Dean is looking up at him, eyes stormy and unreadable but brows knitted together in unmistakable concern. His hand is twisted tightly in the soft white fabric of his button-up. Castiel could feel the warmth that radiated from Dean’s hand where it gripped above his hip, and for a single selfish moment, he closed his eyes.
he wasn’t sure he would ever get enough of this. He pulled almost all the way out and slowly thrust back in, hitting the spot that makes Dean see stars.
“I saw… There was this- this bright blue light and I could feel it, I- it was warm, but it was freezing. I’m- I’m sorry I’m not really sure.”
“Cas.” Dean’s lips are still blue and there are still snowflakes in his eyes. Castiel can’t see a more worthy time to use his Grace.
Castiel has never been bothered by Winter. Every Winter from the dawn of time has offered a fresh start at its resolution, and he has no reason to believe this one will be any different from the others now etched into time. But his millenia old bones feel different now; still with Grace but departed from Heaven, Castiel feels the seasons change in his chest, beneath his long borrowed ribcage now stamped with seals of his own. This body is his, and with it, Castiel will feel the seasons change with him.
“Dean.” Cas says, the name being thrown out from his lungs in a desperate push as the soft cloud rises from his lips. He’s shifting now, almost instinctively, in the direction Cas is looking.
“The falling of the leaves. I prefer not to miss it.” He could feel the warmth that radiated from Dean, as it usually did. Without even having to look over, he knew there was a smile resting on Dean’s lips.
“Guess we’ve got at least a little bit of luck.” Dean laughs, walking back from the kitchen over to the couch. Castiel follows, seeing a hallway that brandishes two doors. He’s sure they’ll investigate further once they’ve warmed up.
The turn of the earth is marked by the colours of its seasons - the bright, brisk air in Spring is littered with poignant greens and the soft, decorating hues of flowers beginning to bloom. Summer is even more lively with its chlorophyll rich leaves that hold tightly onto the stiff bark of healthy trees. Fall marks a turn of the tides - things begin to wither, to die, to fall back to the earth that built them up. Bright greens fade to browns and yellows and reds, a natural confetti for the mark of another year passing. But then it grows colder, winds pick up and those fallen leaves decay into the earth; eaten up by the ground beneath the bark. Winter can be bleak; it can be the death of all things before new beginnings arise.
“Dean.” he says, voice hushed. Dean picks up on the shift between them and easily follows Castiel’s gaze across the dining room.
“Would you come here?” Dean asks, finally. He shifts on the bed, closer to the fire and creating an open space behind him. Castiel can see that he’s still shivering, but at least the colour is starting to return to his lips. “I just… If you don’t want to be near me, that’s okay, but -”
So Castiel kisses him again, chapped lips on Dean’s as he runs his fingers down his side. He trails his lips down Dean’s jaw, reveling in the scratch of his stubble. Down his neck, across his chest, Castiel makes his way in slow, deliberate kisses down his body. Dean squirms, choked noises spilling in broken clips when he stops over one of his nipples. Castiel swipes his tongue over it again, grinning into Dean’s skin as his back arches up to meet him.
“Shut up and hold on.” Castiel directs. He doesn’t need to hear a deathbed confession; he doesn’t need to hear an apology or that he forgives him. What he needs is to get Dean in front of the fireplace again, to get him out of the cold.
Castiel hesitates a moment, but still shucks off his trench coat and suit jacket. The tie and undershirt follow before he strips off his shoes and pants. He doesn’t know whether Dean removed his underwear or not, but Castiel leaves his on despite how wet they are.
“We’re back at the motel.” he tries again, as if that is all of the information required to get his point across. Castiel looks over to him to search his features for clues and sees the flush in his cheeks. His mouth twitches up in a smile.
In the blink of an eye, Castiel is next to the man, palm steady against his forehead. He feels his grace extend past his vessel and watches the light bleed through his eyes and out of his mouth. The boy falls to the ground unceremoniously and Castiel turns his attention to the rest of the crowd. He is surprised to see that not a single one of them had actually left the building, each of them now shaking as their eyes refuse to leave him. The man in charge had signed his own death warrant, but Castiel was already sick to his stomach over that kill and the worry for Dean was growing more and more imperative.
“Cas?” Dean coughs, beautiful evergreen eyes snapping open and immediately resting on Castiel’s own. Castiel releases a breath and without thinking, he tugs Dean close to his chest. He’s the one trembling now, shaking arms clinging to the man before him. He’s surprised to feel Dean’s arms wrap around him in return and he doesn’t say anything when Dean pushes his face roughly against his chest.
” Castiel hummed past his teeth into Dean’s skin and felt Dean tighten around him as he spilled all over his stomach and Castiel’s hand. His voice was loud, almost a scream of his name as the orgasm washed over him. Hearing Dean was the last push Castiel needed. He leaned back up and pushed in harder, faster, letting his lips fall open as he approached the edge.
“You haven’t slept at all?” he asks, voice still low. It was making Castiel’s stomach feel some type of way and that needed to stop.
Dean touches him again that night as the snow begins to melt around the windowsills. Castiel touches him too, soft hands no longer freezing as they trail over heated skin. They find each other in that cabin, their love laid out by the fireplace, and hold each other there. They sleep tangled up and when they wake, the sun streaming through the window, Castiel loses any doubts that this will change. Dean loves him; he tells him through touches, through prayers, and Castiel believes him.
“Don’t worry, Cas. I get it. I read you loud and clear.” Dean grits through his teeth. Castiel wonders whether there are tears in Dean’s eyes or if he merely feels them threatening his own. Dean steps away, walks towards the door and throws on his boots faster than Castiel can turn. It feels like he’s lagging behind, like Dean is moving faster than the seconds can tick by and he can’t catch up. Dean’s coat is on him a moment later and the door is pulled open in his palms before he can blink. “I’m going to get more sticks for the fire.” He says, and shuts the door behind him with a loud bang.
The woman smiles again. “If you had a town myth that actually kept rowdy children out of the forest, would
Somewhere below the surface, Dean must feel it. There’s not a single thing to be said, no words strong enough to portray his thoughts; no poems or verses that capture what he feels. Yet, he is sure Dean knows. There is no way to hide his desire from Dean, not with his grace lingering so close, barely touching Dean’s soul.
A flash of panic comes over the demon’s face before it reels itself back in. It must know it’s done for, that at this point there’s no winning. Cas has managed to kill the other three all on his own but he knows Cas won’t step in for this one unless Dean really needs it. The demon grits their teeth and charges at him again, astonishingly managing another cheek-shattering blow to Dean’s face. Blood drips from several lacerations on his face and body now but it’s less painful than before. He can feel the break of skin over his broken ribs, the deep, deep gash in his thigh, the torn edges of his face and knuckles, but there’s a gleaming lust for the kill in his eyes now and despite taking another few blows for good measure, Dean smiles through it.
“Do you understand how hard it is to be near you and not touch you?” Dean blinks back, a flash of hurt turns into confusion. “Dean, all I want is to be close to you.”
Of course, Dean didn’t understand any of this, there was no way his human mind could process most of what Castiel knows, most of what he really is. That is why, when Dean walks out of their shared motel room to meet him where he sits at the curb, he asks him why he is staring at the trees.
Cas crawls on the bed after him and catches his sticky mouth in his again. Desperate, needy, and harsh kisses are drawn from his lips, the bite of teeth dragging at the already cracked and broken skin. It was pure desire in the carnage of each other. Heaven’s most divine leaving pools of red in his conquest of him. With each bite, each kiss, each insanely maddening brush of hips Dean was going out of his mind with pleasure. It buzzed in his system, burned better than any whiskey he has ever tasted.
Castiel wants to touch, to taste him all over again in a million different ways, but Dean spreads his legs underneath him and
Dean is alone, in the snow, in the night, in the woods that could potentially harbour a monster looking for dinner and Castiel
Silence fills the air, heavy. Dean clears his throat. “Is there, um, anything I can do to help?” he asks, looking up through his lashes at Castiel from across the room, motioning to the disparaged wings at his back. They would heal on their own, faster if he tucked them back out of this plane, but something kept them here. It was like Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of them and he had this urge to keep them around.
“I don’t think we’re gonna make it back, Cas.” says Dean, eyes closed as he huffs any warm air his lips can muster onto his fingers. Castiel looks around them, desperate for an idea. He knows there’s a small blanket in the pack, but it’s unlikely that it would fit them both. Castiel doesn’t necessarily
“Fuck, Cas, so good…” Dean was breathing heavy now and Castiel could practically taste his releasing edging closer.
“Yes.” he says to Dean’s soul, and Dean gives him a lopsided smile as he hears him in his head. It’s closer than Castiel could have ever imagined they could get and both him and Dean land on the next thought at the same time.
Dean reaches forward again but Castiel catches his wrist. “Your turn.” he says simply. Dean glances up quickly but just nods once more, settling back into the bed. Castiel kneels down before him, an altar of his own, takes his time undressing the finest thing in all creation. He is less careful with Dean, tugging at his clothes until he is rid of them and down to his boxers. He maneuvers them onto the bed, Dean pliant under his hands.
Castiel can see the tremble in his jaw, the hurt in his too green eyes, and he stops caring what could happen to him. If Dean hates him for loving him, that’s okay. If he wants nothing to do with him, at least he has gotten the time he has. If his world crashes around him, then at least Dean will know he was loved.
Castiel was right though; once he felt this, there was no way he could ever give this up. He wants to pull Dean close, to hold him against his chest and feel his holiness in his palms forever, but Dean groans about the mess and Castiel finds himself getting up to grab something to clean them up with. The torn scrap of tent makes for a good enough towel.
Dean’s brows furrow together, confused. “Almost?” Castiel notices him shiver, so he decides it is time to head back inside. Maybe someday he will be able to tell Dean that the burning ember colours of Autumn’s falling leaves comes second only to him.
“Cas…” it comes out broken, almost a whine, but Castiel has never heard his name sound sweeter. He closes his eyes and smiles, feeling the wave of want in Dean’s voice. Then, Castiel brings his lips to the side of Dean’s cock and presses them there in a kiss.
“Of course we’re human, numb-nuts.” spits the man in front of Castiel. He isn’t sure when it got there, but there is a small gun twisted in his fingers.
Dean eyes him again, the heat of his gaze warming up Castiel’s face from the cold, but he settles back in again and rests his head against the pillow. His mouth hangs open for another moment, a silent hint that he isn’t letting this go just yet, but then he snaps it shut and closes his eyes again.
Dean just grins a little wider. “That’s the one. Now come on, we’re burning daylight here.” He shuts the trunk, locking away the other weapons safely before handing Castiel the spare machete.
There’s almost no time between the transfer and the hot pressure at his hole. Cas circles a finger around it, not daring to push yet but even just that is driving Dean mad. His legs are parted, he’s entirely open and waiting and wanting, so why isn’t Cas just
“What- Cas, what is this?” Dean meets his eyes and Castiel watches his mouth mirror his own. “Your eyes are glowing.”
Cas’s brow creases in uncertainty, but he nods in agreement with Dean anyway. They can still see their breath floating away towards the streetlights and the moon as they start taking slow, calculated steps towards the mausoleum. Dead, frosted blades of grass crunch lightly under their boots with each unnerving step. The night is silent around them otherwise; the dead of winter  did nothing to help the usual quiet of the Illinois plains that surrounded the cemetery. Rural Illinois was just creepy to begin with, but there was something different about the nighttimes here. It was like everyone in the small towns that dotted between the bigger cities had a story, something they believed in. Most towns around here had some sort of story to it, a spiritual guardian or some curse or other. One they had passed through earlier even claimed they had a spirit that kept away tornados. Dean had laughed at the waitress in that diner then, but when he looked it up later out of sheer curiosity, there was a lot of evidence to support her claim. But, he wasn’t in the business of getting rid of entities keeping natural disasters at bay, he was in the hunting business.
, Cas! Shit…” Strings of curses fell from his lips as Castiel picked up the pace. He pounded into him, wanting to hear every step of Dean coming completely and wholly undone. He was panting, labored breaths tearing from his lungs as he pushed into Dean over and over again. Quieted moans filled the room with the sound of Cas’s balls against Dean’s ass. It was getting all too much; Castiel could feel it in his abdomen and he pressed in closer, latching onto Dean’s shoulder with his teeth as he thrust into him. His other hand, the one not intertwined with Dean’s, came up and wrapped around Dean’s dick, matching up the jerky movements of his hips with the pull of his fingers.
After close to two hours of driving, they finally come upon a run-down barn past the outskirts of town. There are beer bottles strewn about the yard, but they look old, crushed and abandoned likely when the barn itself had been. There is an eerie feel to the air here, like if you were to step in a puddle, the soft reverberations on the water would be enough to wake whatever slumbered here.
He can’t do this. He can’t be this close and have it taken away. He can’t touch him and be okay with never touching him again. He can’t feel the buzz of Dean’s soul through the press of his skin and not get drunk on it; he just can’t, he -
“What? I - Dean, I-” he can’t find the words, can’t stitch them together from the ripped fabric letters on his heart.
“And why shouldn’t you have said it? Huh? You can’t tell me it was a lie. You can’t say you didn’t mean it. I won’t believe you.” The fire from the room was on his tongue and he felt it flicked into the words as he spoke. “No, you don’t get to take it back now. I said it back, you idiot.” The heat was in his cheeks too. Dean whipped his head up to look at Castiel and he must have felt the intensity from where he was sitting across the room.
Dean just laughs and shuffles through the printed sheets. “Nah, man, it’s fine, I was just yanking your chain.” He seems to be searching for something in particular in the pile, but Castiel got stuck on his words.
“No, Cas, that’s not what I meant.” Dean admitted, bravely standing up from the bed and striding over to hover right in front of Castiel. “I meant I should have been stronger and not said it like that. It was shitty of me to do that under a curse. I should have said it sooner. I should have waited until Rowena fixed me. I could have done this a million different ways but I never meant for it to be like this.”
“No.” Castiel cut off his rambling again. “No, I do have to say it, Dean.” He paused again and rised to his feet. He didn’t want to be so far away when he said it, didn’t want Dean to have to guess if he meant it.
“For not being able to just fly us out of here.” He responds just as softly. He used to be able to do so much. He could have blinked and brought them back to the car or the motel. Though he could have used his Grace to take the cold from Dean’s bones, it was better to preserve it for if they really needed it. He’s still an angel, but much diminished. He rebuilt Dean with his own hands and now it was a lot just to keep him warm.
In a minute, they are off, carefully treading the almost-icy road towards a safe place to stow the car. It hadn’t snowed the night before, but it was beginning to look more and more like it was going to fix that today. The sky greyed out above them as they drove out of town, a menacing reminder for them to keep track of the time and themselves once they’re out there.
It takes a few minutes to figure out where the cabin is on the map, but once they mark it, the way back down is easy to find. They navigate more through the breaks in the trees than by any dirt path still covered in snow, but eventually they make it back down. The stark contrast of Baby’s black shine to the blanket of snow on the ground makes it easy to spot and Dean nearly hollers when he spots her.
“What do you want out of tonight?” Castiel asked before Dean could finish his thought. He wanted to know what was out of bounds beforehand because his capacity for conversation was dwindling by the second as Dean’s hard cock stood too proudly near his lips.
Dean whimpers, nodding and pushing against Castiel’s hips in an attempt to get them closer to the bed. Dean wants it - needs it even - and Castiel lets himself be pushed. Dean’s hands move to take off Castiel’s tan coat, leaving it in a heap on the floor to be quickly followed by his own. Castiel lets him eagerly undress them until they’re both down to their boxers, before turning them at the last second so the back of Dean’s knees are the ones that hit the bed and he lands underneath him.
A smile crept onto Castiel’s lips. “Please, what, Dean?” He pulled almost all the way out then pushed in far with his fingers, hitting the spot with a lovely pressure and reveling in the filthy sounds that flew from Dean’s lips.
“Wings, Cas. Show me your wings.” Dean says it out loud this time and is surprised at how wrecked his voice sounds already. Cas just blinks again.
“Right. Okay.” Castiel stepped inside carefully, slowly latching the door shut behind him so as to hopefully give Dean a bit of peace of mind that their conversation would not be overheard.
“Your hands, darling.” She spoke to Dean, hands outstretched to him. He glanced over at Sam before offering them up to her. She took them in her own and brought them over to the bowl, once again chanting the odd sounding words to the now bubbling mixture. Without hesitation, she thrust Dean’s hands down into the bowl. A loud sizzling sound followed, accompanied by popping and snapping noises. It originated from the bowl, the thick substance spurting up over Dean’s palms, coating them in the syrupy liquid. It looked molten, the sounds indicating it was burning him. Castiel surged forwards, prepared to rip him from the mixture and heal him swiftly. Rowena held up her hand in front of him, telling him silently to simply wait a moment. And so he did. Dean wasn’t yelping; he wasn’t making any noise for that matter. When Castiel turned to try to see his face, it was softly illuminated by an un-seeable glow emanating from the bowl. He had a soft smile playing on his lips and any qualms Castiel had were squashed. He took a step back.
By the time they come down and Castiel slides his hand off of Dean’s shoulder, returning them to the colours of this world, their breath is returning. His air is Dean’s to have; his body, his Grace, all of it is Dean’s.
“I would rather be sure you’re safe.” Castiel admits. He blinks and turns quickly, casting his vision out the window beside him.
“Oh.” Dean says, mouth twitching with the threat of a grin as he tries to think it over. “Well, why don’t we get that dinner first, and see from there. I don’t know about you, but I am starving.” He pats the dashboard as he pulls them back out onto the highway and towards town. It doesn’t take long to steer them into the cleared out parking lot of the local diner.
Castiel doesn’t wait a second longer. He slides down the bank towards the water and takes careful steps out onto the ice. It’s broken and unstable and there’s a chance he will fall in too, but he doesn’t care. He steps further out as Dean scrambles to get closer. He kneels on the ice and slides, fingertips outstretched as he gets within reach.
“Dean-” it comes out as a ragged whisper between kisses. Dean leans back, but leaves his hands against his face. They’re warmer now too.
Anything Dean could suggest would sound good to Castiel, so while the question was unnecessary, Castiel answers anyway. “Yes. Maybe we can get more proof to your suspicions before subjecting ourselves to the wilderness.”
Out in the night, the air is crisp, sharp in the way it pokes Castiel’s features, threatening to turn them red. It’s nice though - the cold. In the distance, there’s a light, high above parked cars to guide newcomers to the lot. There are no newcomers, of course, but the light is there all the same.
“How sure are we that it is a ghoul in the first place, Dean? We did rush into this one. Maybe it’s something else.” offers Cas. He’s got this strange look on his face and for a moment, Dean isn’t sure what it’s about. Until, of course, the familiar stench of sulfur hits his nostrils.
“I love you, too.” Cas says, as if it’s the easiest thing in the world. Dean just smiles, leaning down to catch Cas’s lips with his own.
The sun does as promised, and by the time they head out the next day, more than half the height of the snow banks have melted. When the bag is packed and the fire is put out, they step out onto the porch for the final time. Castiel turns towards it.
Castiel doesn’t know exactly what he’s wanting to do, but he wants whatever it is. Dean takes him in his hand then, pumping his length in soft strokes. After a moment, he spits into his hand and starts again, The wet grip nearly has Castiel there right away, and after Dean begs to see it, asks again and again for him to give it to him, Castiel tips over that same cliff. He paints Dean’s chest in warm stripes, unable to stop the grin on his lips from forming as he watches Dean swipe a finger through the mess and bring it to his tongue.
The next day fairs better, the snow softening beneath their boots as they walk, but it could still be a dangerous trip. The sun holds out, promising warmth to help melt the snow, so they agree to let it and settle in for one more day.
“Are you sure? I know that I can’t lie but that doesn’t mean you can’t. Don’t ask me why you would lie, I don’t know, but I know there’s no way you’re telling the truth. There’s no way you-” This time, Castiel cuts him off with his lips instead of his hand. He presses himself against Dean, no longer able to hold himself back. He loves him, is mad with it like Dean said. Feels it with him always, especially now as they stumble back against the wall. Castiel’s hands are everywhere, carding through Dean’s hair, digging into his hips, grazing across his chest. Dean lets out a strangled moan and Castiel almost loses it. He pushes harder, knocking his body up against Dean’s with fervor. The sound bubbles from Dean’s throat again and Castiel is helpless to stop the groan that escapes him.
and find their way back to the spot for more. Cas is just pure putty in his hands when his fingers are caught up in his wings. It’s addicting having a piece of Heaven coming undone under his own damned hands. After another minute of extracting those lovely moans out of Cas, he pulls his hand back out of the mess of feathers and brings it down in between them.
It was like his brain hit an override button. Some inner glass protecting that switch shatters at the sound of Cas’s broken voice, a whimper in the dark, and Dean subconsciously flips it.
The next laugh is abrupt, accompanied by the muffled sounds of paper reconnecting with wood before Dean’s forehead lays overtop them both. Castiel can hear the pointed air being pushed from Dean’s lungs as he chuckles into the table. He doesn’t know what is so funny, but the laugh lifts his spirits after such a long trip, after such a long time since hearing it last. It had been a few weeks since he had seen Dean at all, but it had been much longer since such a freeing laugh left his chest and Castiel was all the happier to have caused it. Chains or no chains, Castiel was smiling.
The seasons are not Dean. Dean is love; he’s beauty and hope and perseverance. He’s a sanctuary on his own, a church in which he worships and prays for the salvation that he delivers with his lips. Castiel is a fallen angel with newfound divinity and he will never return to Heaven when Heaven is in his arms.
He quickly added a third finger and at that point Dean was over trying not to beg. He was fully hard again, precum leaking out onto his stomach at every twist of Castiel’s fingers. Then, he hit a spot; a sweet tantalizing spot that made Dean almost yelp.
Dean’s other hand pulled at the one covering his mouth and slammed it down onto the table with a hard
“Last saw him in the kitchen. He’s a little grumpy about all this though, so take it easy on the burning questions, Cas.” Sam smiled at him, a hint of mischief in his tone but hiding it successfully from his eyes.
want to give them a reason to go out there and find trouble again?” Dean doesn’t answer. “It’s safer this way.” She nods into her coffee.
“Dean, I am not sure if you heard me back there, but I love you. Leaving the cabin won’t make me stop just as going there didn’t make me start. I mean the case. What now?”
you are; and I assure you, God will not be as forgiving as me.” Castiel speaks the threat in a low grumble, pushing the words past his lips, seething. It hadn’t been exactly true; God couldn’t care less about the lives of these delinquents, but they couldn’t know that, and the threat landed heavily on their shoulders. The very moment he is finished, every one of them flees. As soon as they are out, Castiel lets his wings slump down, pain permeating through them, and he moves to Dean’s side.
“How could it? It may be the same process, but it has never once looked exactly the same. Autumn is the most beautiful thing;” he pauses, “well, almost.”
Dean swallows. “Can we, uh, do this in the room?” Dean laughs then, weak and quiet, eyes dropping from Castiel’s as fingers depart from feathers. Castiel misses that touch instantly and as much as he wants to fly them back to the room that second, his wings were destroyed. Dean feels his concerns without them being voiced and he is the first to gain the strength to stand. Once on his feet, he offers his hand down to him, shy smile and all. A fluttering feeling enters Castiel’s chest again and he feels like he’s going to burst. He retracts any lingering grace as he pulls himself up by Dean’s hand and he tries not to note the flash of disappointment that crosses Dean’s features.
Castiel pauses, letting his eyes open back up to meet Dean’s - a mistake, truly, as the lovely summer green of his irises are visible even in the dim of the room.
Castiel takes another step forward, wings raising behind him as he walks. He stretches them out, feeling the pull of tender healing wounds. They fill the room behind him, darkening the room despite the feeble attempts put forth by the dingy motel light. Castiel slips his hands in his pockets and when he comes up just in front of Dean’s trembling figure, he bends, lips so close to the shell of his ear.
“Did you mean it?” Dean’s hands are doing their own ministrations over Castiel’s chest and Castiel places his hand over Dean’s to still the motions. Once he is calm, he moves his hand up to cup Dean’s chin and lifts his eyes to his own.
Dean sighs with content as the flames begin to heat the room, slowly but surely bringing the colour back to his face. “‘Thanks, Cas.” He says it quietly as he softly rubs his hands together near the flames. The feeling in his chest doesn’t go away but Castiel decides to take a seat beside him and soak up some of the heat for himself.
He wants to snap their clothes off, to touch Dean right this instant, but he also wants to savor this, to draw it out and watch Dean squirm and beg. Castiel straightens back up and first discards his trench coat. Dean swallows hard as the suit jacket follows into the growing pile on the floor.
Castiel longs to feel his soul in his hands. He places his hand against Dean’s chest and Dean is breathing out “yes”es before he even starts. Grace extends past his fingers and reaches for the gold of Dean’s soul as his cock hits
There it is. Castiel pushes into him, slowly sliding in until he bottoms out. Dean is a mess beneath him. His voice broke off, shattered gasps wracking through his system as he grasps at the sheets. Castiel waits for only a moment, right until he thinks Dean is about to start begging again, and then he moves. He pounds into him, desperate and starving for it.
That didn’t make sense. If Castiel hadn’t done something wrong, then he wouldn’t feel so terrified to touch him again. He wouldn’t feel like he was walking on ice trying to talk to him.
Castiel blinked; that was all? He was just here to check on Dean? Make sure he doesn’t somehow make it worse? He should be bothered, he really should, having to drive all the way out here in the middle of the night when he was in the middle of something, but he couldn’t find it in him. If he was being honest, he was thrilled that that was the only job asked of him. He was always happy to talk with Dean.
Castiel does as he’s told. His eyes squeeze shut and he ignores the rustling of fabric. He thinks instead of his own wet clothes and wonders if he should be doing the same.
“I don’t think I’ve been more sure of anything in my life, Cas.” He laughed. Castiel took that as the brightest green light he could get and rubbed the lube in his palm onto his fingers.
Though he could fly them there in an instant, he files into the passenger seat of the Impala anyway. It’s more comfortable for Dean, and since he can’t perceive his wings, Dean never realizes the discomfort he faces. Still, he would sit there a thousand times over, watching as miles rolled under the wheels with his wings tucked just beyond Dean’s vision, the strange ache of them being stuck in the seats always pressing at his back, if it meant Dean was happy.
Sam sighed again. He really didn’t want to deal with Dean right now; he just wanted to get this fixed already. Suddenly, a sinister thought popped into his head, stopping him from waltzing out of the room to call Rowena and forcing a sly uptick of his lips into a grin.
“Look who’s here!” Sam bellows with a grin that falls from his face the second he’s done talking. Realization dawns on him and he fumbles to put a hand on a very curious Rowena’s shoulder, desperate to pull her away. “Ah, maybe we should go look at the books one more time; maybe we missed something.” He chuckles, flitting his eyes between the two of them.
Castiel was left to his own thoughts in the kitchen, only Dean’s half empty beer bottle to accompany him. The tightness in his chest was almost unbearable now. Dean hadn’t lied about loving him, he couldn’t have. Castiel was pretty sure he had liked the kiss as well if those sounds were anything to go by. So why had Dean seemed upset? If that’s at all what that was; there was no way to be sure.
Dean stills, throat working overtime to come up with a response. Castiel just gets up from the bed, leaving him to fumble over his words as he searches for lube. He knows Dean keeps some in his bag, there were a few times he had snooped through their belongings out of curiosity and he was all the more thankful now, prize in hand, that he had been so nosey all those years ago. He crawls back up onto the bed, settling between Dean’s parted legs.
“I’m coming too.” It was Dean who spoke, not sparing a glance in Castiel’s direction. This was all so confusing; had he done something wrong?
Taking the bottling in his hand, he squirts out more, plastering it over his cock. He hadn’t been touched yet, but he didn’t care. Touching Dean was far more pleasurable than touching himself. The bottle was tossed away and Castiel gave himself a few strong pumps before lining himself up. He presses the tip against Dean’s ass and nearly laughs at the way he desperately pushes back on him. Castiel wants to hear him beg.
, oh, may I?” Even as he asks, Dean’s soul grabs onto Castiel’s grace in hot desire. His fingers reach up and tangle in forgotten feathers and Castiel can see universes being born under his hands. Dean tugs at the down, pulling and stroking wherever he can reach as he tumbles closer and closer to the edge. He needs to be
Castiel nods; even if he had to wait a lifetime for that, he would. Whatever Dean gives him is more than enough, but there is one thing he wants. “Let me taste you.” He says, watching Dean’s eyes as they flutter closed. It’s a question, despite his format. He wouldn’t move an inch unless Dean wanted him to.
“Alright, so we’re just gonna look for any trace of those people for now, okay? As much as I wanna gank this sucker and head home, I don’t like the way those clouds are looking at me.” Dean says as soon as he cuts the engine, head tilted to peer out the window towards the sky. He reaches into the backseat when he’s finished talking to grab for the backpack.
Shifting close, Dean rests his head on Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s arms are around him, holding him near his heart.
He pulled off of Dean and stood up, paying no mind to the creak of his limbs as he climbed up onto the bed. Dean flopped back, legs still dangling over the side and a wide grin plastered on his face. He had a few beads of sweat pooling by his hairline.
Cas runs his fingers over Dean’s chest, soft circles trailing over newly sealed skin. His wings are gone now, back in their own realm Dean isn’t privy to and he realizes something. He places his hand over Cas’s to stop the movement, a swelling feeling in his chest overtaking him. His heart was racing and Cas must have felt the shift because he’s looking up at Dean through his lashes, ocean eyes searching his own.
Then, Dean’s hand is there, pressing firmly on Castiel’s shoulder. He can’t feel his touch as strongly through his layers, but there’s always a buzz under his skin when Dean’s this close. Castiel imagines that it’s similar to the static hot burn of the whiskey Dean loves; it feels nice.
He moves with the seasons now, watching the leaves, much as he always has, yet with a new appreciation for the feel of the air around him. Nothing feels better than beginning to feel. It’s when he’s lost in thought, eyes trained on the bare branches that remind him of what’s missing in himself, that his phone rings.
“So are yours.” Castiel grins. He can feel it, his Grace still buzzing within him, nestled safely against Dean’s soul. A hand on his mark, Castiel can see, can
Neither of them look at the menu this time and when the waitress comes back around to grab their order, Dean just orders them the same thing. It’s easy, existing this way; close to each other as if they had always been like this. In a way, they have. Castiel knew Dean’s soul, held it in his palms and reshaped it under his skin before he took a vessel to come to Earth. It feels like the world has been set right now that their hands brush together on the table between them.
Castiel never thought he would get to see Dean this way. He had proved time and time again that he was something out of the reach of even Heaven’s most holy. But here he was, naked and wanting, silent pleas coming from the look in his eyes. He was beautiful. Dean Winchester was holy in ways God couldn’t compare. He was filthy and raw and battered, but he was stunning; freckled, sun-kissed skin that begged to be ravished.
“Well, the sun's up now. I think that the morgue ought to be opening soon. Breakfast before bodies?” Dean questions, a hint of hope in his tone. He knows Castiel doesn’t eat; just like he knows he could never tell him ‘no’.
They can hear each other, but they don’t make sound, rolling moans directed at each other’s essence as their bodies move together. When they come, that’s together too; white-hot and blinding. He thinks Dean is yelling, but he can’t tell if it’s out loud or in his mind and he doesn’t care.
“Now what?” Castiel asks, looking out the window as Dean starts the car. Hot air blasts through the vents when she rolls over and he closes his eyes to bask in it.
In the morning, when their clothes have dried and the bag is packed, they step out of the cabin and back into the snow. It’s still deep, coming up to their knees when their feet fall through and unfortunately, it’s too much to make the trek back down safely. When they look to the sky, it doesn’t threaten to add to the banks, so all they can do is hope for a warm afternoon.
“Cas!” It comes out in a desperate rasp, a gasp, a prayer. Cas just smiles into his skin and keeps on. Dean struggles to breathe, struggles to keep himself contained within his body. He was sure he was about to leave this plane of existence from just a
That’s what led them here, now standing just beyond the threshold of the mausoleum, limbs almost stiff in the brisk air. There was shuffling to be heard from within, the occasional shift of feet on concrete. Dean turns to Cas, catching those deep blue eyes with his own to try to convey his thoughts without breathing a word. He was never quite sure how they did that, but it had never failed them. Cas seems to understand now as well and Dean takes a deep breath before shoving the hard slab of stone further into the room.
- was too good to be true. Dean had imagined what Cas would look like in wet dreams and wet showers, but he couldn’t have pictured how utterly
Dean decides it’s time to move, so they move. Castiel watches as Dean struggles to shift the metal door as silently as possible and he quickly slips inside after him. Machetes in hand, they walk towards the sleeping figures.
“You… Dean, I do not think you understand the implications of this. Grooming is… it’s very intimate.” Castiel turns out of his view, he doesn't wish to see Dean’s reaction. He hears it though, in a soft exhale of breath.
Dean is looking at him when he gains the nerve to turn away from the fireplace, green eyes searching Castiel’s the moment they can. There’s a sudden weight in his chest accompanying the tightness that never left him and he does his best not to lean into Dean’s touch. He feels like Salvation; even through layers and melting snow, Dean is the answer to prayers for revelation. Castiel wished for nothing more than to bask in this divinity.
“Cas, if you don’t fuck me right now, I’m not gonna last. Please, Cas- “ A sharp intake of breath cut him off as Castiel pulled out and pushed back in one more time. “
Their hunt hadn’t even been related to witches, which was why it took him a bit to figure out something was wrong. It had been a relatively easy hunt, all things considered, just a good ‘ol salt-and-burn, nothing special. Whoever had done this though, must have seen them around town while they were investigating and took it upon themselves to insert themselves into the fold. It could have been anyone, but Sam suspected that it had come from one of the places they ate at during their trip. At first notice of Dean’s newfound truth-telling, Sam had pulled the car over to the shoulder of the road, desperately looking for a hex bag, but coming up short. He hadn’t been affected either, so the most he could deduce was it being something he ate and that was an educated guess at most. With no definitive way of knowing however, they braved the ride home, where Sam would get Rowena on the phone first thing in the morning.
There’s more to be said, more that Castiel wants to confess to Dean, but he lets the quiet settle into the room. Again, he wants to tell him how much he means to him; he wants to get closer, to explore what’s burning in his chest. Since touching his soul in Hell, Castiel has been in love, he just didn’t know what to call it until he was human. Humanity didn’t come with a rulebook, but he hadn’t needed a guide to understand the hum in his heart when Dean was near. When his wings were returned to him, the feelings didn’t go back to that dull, misunderstood ache. He knew them far too well by then. He wonders if Dean knows what this feels like, wants to ask if he’s ever felt the same, but if he gets too close and goes too far he could lose him and that’s a far worse fate than bottling up the fireflies in his belly.
It’s late afternoon now and the sun is already threatening to take away any bit of warmth it has offered thus far. He looks again, desperate to see anything that could help, when his sight catches on a break in the trees in the distance.
Castiel turns, scanning his eyes over the ground. There are broken twigs, fallen branches, all those decaying dead leaves that firmly remind him of the season, but there’s no sign of life. There’s almost no sign there ever
This time it was Cas’s hand that shot up over Dean’s mouth. The burning in his chest had sprinted to his fingers, forcing his hand to silence him. He couldn’t do this to him, not now, not like this. The brush of Dean’s lips against his hand though was torture and the heat under his fingertips could be seen on Dean’s cheeks. Dean’s hands came up around Castiel’s wrist and pulled him off, relinquishing their tight hold as soon as his mouth was free. Castiel struggled to swallow, it was all he could do to stay in his body.
Dean stands up next to him and scrambles for his blade. The sleeping figures start to wake and Castiel feels the burning need to get them
“Yes, Dean. How far am I allowed to go?” His eyes couldn’t stray from Dean’s dick and he licked his lips in anticipation.
“Wouldn’t still be in this mess if I did, Cas. I would have ganked that bitch so fast. Or maybe just asked them to take it back, you know? As if it’s ever that easy. Why can’t it ever be that easy, Cas? Just once I thought we had an easy salt-and-burn and of course this happens and now Sammy called you here to babysit me like he doesn’t know how much you drive me crazy. I-” again the hand swings over his mouth, forcing the end of that thought process he had been pouring out for him.
Castiel has felt the seasons change since the dawn of time. He has walked the Earth throughout many eras, but always distant. He has seen the best of Summers and the worst of Winters. He’s felt the world be born again in the Spring just to die in Autumn. He has always thought the seasons were the most beautiful thing; the way they change and shift as time passes.
The hand fell from Dean’s lips again and his eyes lit up. When Castiel looked up, Dean was smiling, fingers tapping against the hard wood of the table as if he had to find some outlet for the pulsing energy in his brain. Castiel understood morse code, but after a few seconds of listening to Dean’s taps, he was sure Dean didn’t.
His mind shouts at him. He stands up in one fluid motion, fueled by the consuming need to see Dean safe. When he is back on his feet, he goes to size up his opponents and-no, wait, this isn’t right. Panic fills his hollow chest and he realizes, by the unmistakable glow coming from each of the figures, that they are undeniably
It hit him harder than he ever thought it could. The impact of those words landing harder than his fall years ago. Castiel had never thought anything could compare to that, but this was as close as you could get. His head felt like it was spinning, the hot fluttering in his chest was hotter, threatening to strangle him.
“No. That’s not what I meant. I couldn’t care less what happened to them. Cas, what did you do? Just now, to me, what happened?”
Castiel stands then, pushing himself off of the curb and reaching a hand down in offering to Dean. To his surprise, Dean takes it, pulling himself up from the ground. He looked like he wanted to press him further about it, but he kept his thoughts to himself.
“Oh, Baby, how I missed you.” he sighs, brushing his hand through the bits of snow still melting on her hood. Castiel helps get her cleared off and soon they are piled in with the backpack discarded in the back seat.
“Cas! Hey buddy, I missed you! You know, you really should stick around more. You’re always gone but this is your home too.” Dean spoke quickly, the rush of words escaping his lips before he had time to clasp his fingers over his mouth. He was blushing to the tops of his ears and no matter how hard he tried not to, he mumbled something more that Castiel couldn’t quite make out.
“Cas-?” Dean doesn’t finish and instead brings his coated fingers into Cas’s view. His eyes are heavy lidded, lust-blown and starshined and so, so blue. Eyes contrasted by the bright red of the slowly drying blood on his face makes Dean weak.
“I, uh- no?” Castiel hears Dean clear his throat, feels him settle in just a little bit closer. They were always so much closer these days. Castiel prefers it that way, if he is honest. Though he shouldn’t, he quite often finds his mind wandering into uncharted territory, to Dean. He remembers how it felt to piece this man together, to hold his soul in his then-burnt palms, to sew together the fabric of him. He remembers the lengths he went to to assure each freckle was in the right place and how he had been unable to refrain from leaving a piece of himself with Dean when he returned him to the living. As often as he remembers Hell, so too does he think of the now, of the future. So badly does he want, yet always he denies himself even the thought of what it would be like to truly see him again. Dean’s soul was pure, brighter than the sun that kept this solar system in its orbit. Dean was breathtaking; he was the essence of beauty itself, the very core of everything he himself found holy. Nothing could ever compare to his divinity.
“Well, ready to check it out?” Dean asks, slipping out of the front seat without waiting for an answer, knowing full well that Castiel would follow. He does, blipping from his space in the front seat to Dean’s side as he rummages through the hidden compartment in the trunk.
As his gasps faded into more normal breathing, Castiel slowly pushed a finger in. He went in slow, breath hissing past Dean’s teeth until he went knuckle deep.
” Dean hisses, teeth biting onto his bottom lip hard enough to draw blood. Castiel finds a rhythm, moving with Dean’s panting breaths as he pushes back to meet him. It should be sinful; he should feel tarnished and broken to be touching Dean this way, but Dean is salvation behind green eyes and Castiel feels more holy than he ever has in Heaven.
Cas is on him the second they materialize behind the safety of a locked door. Despite the injuries, Cas pushes him down on the bed,
“You’re going to have to be specific, Dean. If you can’t ask for it, you can’t have it.” Dean shudders under the weight of those words as Castiel slots their erections together and grinds down.
“Dean.” he practically growls. One hand had snaked its way onto Dean’s waist while the other was fisted in his hair. He tightens his grip on Dean’s hip and tugs at his hair; Dean whimpers. “Bed.”
Unfortunately, even hours after Dean had wished him a good night, wished for him to have ‘sweet dreams’, still Castiel lay awake. The night outside the window is dark and fog gathers in the distance, but with one more look over at Dean, at his peaceful sleeping frame where bits of too-warm skin had slipped out from the covers, Castiel knew he had to step outside.
After a moment, the bubbling died down and the light splashed on Dean’s features dissipated. He slowly removed his soaked hands from the bowl and Rowena met them with a towel. Dean looked up at her as she wiped away most of the concoction.
“For what? You didn’t get us into this mess.” Dean replies. The fire can’t answer, so it only makes sense that Dean does.
“Dean, come on, I’ll call Rowena; I’m sure she can lift this in no time.” Sam had caught up with Dean in the kitchen where he was angrily sliding a beer off of the refrigerator shelf. He twisted the lid of easily and sent a pointed glare in Sam’s direction.
The breath stills in Castiel’s lungs. Dean must still be cold; he probably just needs to be warmer. Castiel shifts just a little bit closer, his breath now brushing against the back of Dean’s neck. He thinks he sees Dean shiver, but it’s probably just from the cold.
“Truth be told? So am I.” Dean turned again, this time so he was facing Castiel in his bed. “I love you” He said it again. And again and again. Smiling more than Castiel has seen him do in years.
and yet, adrenaline still churning in his system, it was. But it wasn’t just the blood or the obviously soon-to-form bruises peppering his features, it was also just
“They are healing.” he says, omitting his other thoughts. He could feel Dean’s desire to touch them again and the last thing he wanted to do was tuck them away. Every second that passed, the bloodied divots smoothed over just a little more. They are only marginally better than when they left the barn, mending ever so slowly.
“Oh, I see! Oh dearie, this is a simple spell. I’m sure you’ll have all the necessary ingredients in house, actually. Shouldn’t take me more than twenty minutes to get it all fixed up for you, boys.” Her accent coated every word in a thick syrup they were accustomed to by now. Every one of them let out a breath, relief flooding through the room. “We can discuss my payment when we’re finished.” She added, grin as prominent in her voice as it was on her mouth.
Another finger presses deep into him before Dean’s litany of cries comes to a stop. It hurts, it all
