Eileen crosses her arms.
“Get away from him," he orders.
Castiel nods, his throat thick.
The man doesn’t need to be told twice. He’s out the door and down the street, hollering up a storm to anyone in earshot. Jo is turning red.
Elkins huffs.
“It wasn’t intentional, it just kind of…happened.”
“I miss fighting with you, I miss waking up to you, I miss talking about stupid shit that didn’t even matter, god, Dean—“
Dean grabs his wrist, panting.
Castiel flushes, quickly looking away.
“What?” He blurts.
They call Charlie, but there’s no response. There’s nothing to it but to wait.
Castiel’s legs are jelly, he can’t feel his bones anymore. He tilts his head to the side to give Dean better access, eyes half closed. He tries to speak, to formulate some sort of reply, but his tongue refuses to cooperate.
But even as it hits him, Dean knows he has no other choice.
I kept my head down, and wilted under Alastair’s watchful gaze, though my newly developing conscience buzzed with questions.
He huffs.
Dean looks up sharply.
Cas sniffs, gesturing towards Dean, slopping vodka all over the floor.
Then he shakes himself, and looks over at Cat, smirking.
“Oh my god, CAS―”
If Papa had survived, they might’ve been able to get land, under the law. But instead, they had nothing. Bobby took them and ran. Out West, out where it was harsh and wild and terrible.
But he’s already gone, along with the human, and she’s left alone in the dark.
Dean raises an eyebrow. Someone had a little too much caffeine this morning.
Cas’s brow furrows, and there’s a brief flash of sad confusion on his face, before it’s wiped away and replaced with a steely coolness.
Dean chuckles.
Castiel curls his lip.
Sam nearly spits out his drink.
Castiel thinks it over, then snorts.
At an amusement park, over pink globs of cotton candy. (Free shitty hotdogs, Dean swears Cas only did that one for the hell of it)
He’s never seen her before, but he knows instinctively—angel. The power roiling under her skin affects him even from here—it radiates off her like a dark poisonous cloud. It rushes over him, and he feels it again—the burn, the heat, his mind sinking back into the rage and viciousness that was Hell.
Dean stares at him.
Dean turns, the sound of footsteps, swift and strong over the forest floor.
“Just name it,” he whispers.
Sam swallows.
Castiel doesn’t break the gaze, starting off with a few slow strokes. Dean’s hand finds his jaw, slowly dragging up the curve of his cheek, with a touch so tender Castiel forgets everything else.
Castiel is unimpressed.
Cas’s obliviousness was usually pretty funny to him, even adorable at times—but definitely not right now. Dean wants to punch himself in the face. What else did he expect—after weeks of false proposals—why would Cas ever take a real one seriously, unless Dean spelled it out for him, letter by letter?
Anna scoffs.
He shakes him.
“You know that’s biologically impossible right?” Gabriel interjects.
“Oh. Yeah. Guess he was.”
Dean curls a finger, beckoning.
They all look at her.
Dean smiles slightly as he watches her, then turns back to the shimmering lake.
“I was looking for you,” Sam says. “The entire time. And when you didn't show with Butler, back in Creede…”
“We are?” Max whispers to Gabriel.
Shifting aimlessly, among waves of shimmering power, beams of light, endless and infinite in space and time.
“SAM,
“He’ll blow that safe inside the train all the way to hell,” Benny says surely, crossing his arms. Cesar grins, his teeth stark white against his sun-browned skin. Gabriel mirrors the smile.
Cas looks over. Dean is no longer looking at his phone, but him, frowning slightly. Cas shrugs.
“I don’t know, I mean—we could—“
He’s about to text her, when his phone rings in his hand.
Tessa eyes him warily.
“No, I passed it on the way in.”
“Angel—so that bastard’s using my name now?” He sneers, turning his head to the side. “You’ve got to be fucking
Castiel coughs, and moves towards the counter, busying himself with the coffee pot, voice nonchalant.
There’s a bone-chilling moment where the men disappear into room, silence stretching on. Then the first voice, impatient.
“Let's go, Cas,” Dean whispers. “I can't see this.”
The man glares at him suspiciously, lowering his match.
<charlie’s breaking out the board games
“Good. Should be about a half hour,” Dean says, closing his eyes and leaning back.
“No.”
"Yeah," Castiel hears himself answer. Everything sounds so far away. Dull, muted.
for putting together another fantastic challenge this year.
“This isn’t exactly easy for me, either.”
He’s yelling now, practically spitting in his face.
He doesn’t recognize the car. It’s not Zeke’s, not Anna’s, not any hunter’s, he’s sure of it. The sight of it sends something crawling under his skin, a foreboding sense of
To where Castiel hopes some version of Dean will be waiting.
“Goddammit.”
"I'm sorry," he says desperately. "Cas,
Castiel sinks his head down, choking back a laugh. If things had been different, he thinks he could have liked this Dean Smith.
Gabriel growls, shoving past Anna.
Bobby taps his fingers against his arms, squinting at the pair of them.
Castiel watches Dean go, an uneasy curl in his throat. The brief flare of vengeful satisfaction is already leeching away, leaving him feeling brittle and hollow.
night, after all.
But Dean had come with news of his own.
“I had to see you.”
Dean turns, scowling.
Then he told him of his plan, of inviting Castiel to the ball.
Her power seizes him again, and Castiel pushes against it, but his fingers are loosening, his arm dropping without his consent—
It leans down close.
Dean rides slightly behind them, eyes wary. And slowly, he slides the blade into place, and starts to drag the sharp edge across the ropes. Slip, slip, drag, and one by one, the bonds begin to fray.
There’s only the sounds of Anna in the back, humming slightly to herself as she moves things into their bedrooms. Castiel picks at his fingers.
Dean goes down the line with his eyes, trying to recall all the names.
Winchester is quiet. Then he turns, meeting Castiel’s gaze.
—that's not—you can't—"
“Kind of a hard sell, you know?”
He holds his pistol at his side, not aiming it, but making it clearly visible. Desmond’s eyes drop to the Colt, and he narrows his eyes.
“I gotta go.”
When he finally drops down under, it’s a dreamless sleep, like the dead, his whole body drowning in an aching exhaustion. But it doesn’t last long, and he soon surges up, gasping in the darkness of his room, the moon hanging high in the sky.
“You—“
Dean takes advantage of the moment to take Castiel’s hands and pull him in, speaking low.
Dean snaps his head to her.
“Cas?” He whispers. “
Jo takes an empty cup and fills it, deftly smacking the hand of a man who tried to grab her in the process.
“Glad to see you above ground, darling,” she purrs. “I had been praying for this moment.”
Dean steps back, watching him.
“No, that can’t be right,” he says, shaking his head. The lady raises an eyebrow, and Cas jumps in to clarify.
Dean believes him instantly—Sam’s his brother and he knows him better than himself—he’d never do such a thing, he’s not even
broke the rules—“
“No. I figured as much.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam says frankly, meeting his eyes. “For the way I acted. For earlier. I was just completely focused on saving Dean, and I…I didn’t stop to think of the consequences my actions would have on others. On you.”
It’s a while before Dean answers.
“Let's just take care of you," Castiel says shakily. “Especially, after what happened—“
Dean’s face darkens, one hand raising slightly, as if to touch Castiel, to calm him.
“Damn straight,” Charlie mutters.
"Castiel."
Castiel takes a breath and looks up. He recoils.
Castiel ties the final knot in the gash in his arm, snapping the thread with his teeth. He grabs the bottle of whiskey from the side table and splashes it briefly, hissing as the alcohol hits his wound. He takes a good sip of it, just to dull the pain a little. It doesn’t burn going down.
Castiel snaps his head up.
“Meg is Emmanuel’s friend,” she says, voice strangely thick. “Anyone who asks around about him usually gets dealt with. Painfully.”
comfy, though. He feels rested, wide awake, despite the time. This is
also nsfw. angry sex.
Dean flips the remote, shaking his head.
Dean doesn’t say anything. Castiel holds up a finger.
“No!”
Emmanuel settles himself at the table, and they become a trio, drink and the deck of cards Meg removes from a carved box, the lilt of the music straining faintly from the hallway.
Michael leers.
Castiel told him honestly.
<how do you know it was sam?
“You don’t think it’s—we’re serious?”
Castiel had raged when he found out. Had screamed and cried. Had ran away in the dark of night, until finally his father had come after him with a flashlight, finding him crouched and crying in the forest, in the dark. Alone.
“I’m sorry,” she murmurs, reaching up to touch his temple. Sam intercepts her, grabbing her wrist.
Eileen has no such trouble.
She trails off. Castiel feels a sudden twist inside his chest, a stab of guilt. He had been so wrapped up in himself that he had forgotten. Charlie had lost not just one, but two people. She may have had her differences with them, but Alastair and Abaddon were her family. Castiel can’t even begin to imagine her pain.
“But we got this one,” Anna says swiftly, coming around his side. “You should…stay here. Rest some more.”
She cuts off, her expression turning nasty.
“Okay, so it’s out in the playing field. Where is it?”
“Not exactly sure. We didn’t really…get to discussing details.”
“Don’t think about that British dick. Let’s go dance.”
“I talked to Creaser,” Sam says. “He put me on your trail.”
“Don’t look so happy,
The blue light fades away, blurry figures moving in from the sides. Charlie, war-torn and weary, and Sam, his cheeks stained with tears.
“Careful, now,” a voice says.
Sam tenses, looking forward again. Could be they're just sheltering from the oppressive heat too.
And Dean. Oh, Dean.
The man huffs.
Someone down the hall, waving a hand frantically in his direction. Dean curses, and looks around, pulling open the first door he sees and shoving it closed behind him. He exhales slowly, leaning back against it.
“Dunno.”
Benny’s face swims into view, and Dean shakes his head, even though it sends a throbbing pain through his temple.
“You’re damn right I'm angry,” he mutters. “And I don’t care about any half-assed apology you have for me, not now. Too little, too late.”
She extends a hand.
He might die in here.
“We’ll—we’ll get him back, okay? We’ll get him back.”
It’s fast.
Cas comes in from the side and catches him, spinning out in a graceful loop.
"Well, they can go screw themselves," she mutters finally. "No way in hell I’m gonna agree to being a—a vessel, or whatever.”
“Dean—”
“Well.”
She rubs her eyes, exhaling. Gabriel told her to get some sleep, saying that they’d look at it with fresh eyes in the morning—but looks like that won’t be happening.
There, the two dead men. The fools who thought they might see something like mercy. When they’d come out, their hands raised, one of them had looked back, as if at someone hidden inside…
Of course they haven’t, seeing as both of them are experts in avoiding heavy topics of conversation―but they’ve been together for nearly three years now, friends for much longer than that―and Dean knows it’ll happen…
Suddenly, Castiel is on his feet. A brisk cold hits them, and he looks around to see the soft sloping entrance to the cabin. He freezes.
“Captain Novak,” Sam says warmly, reaching out to shake his hand. “It’s been a while.”
Castiel snorts, walking closer so he can peer at some of the titles.
Cat ignores him, and the racket gets worse.
He turns around and plods off back into the rain.
The clouds above him roll ominously. It's all grey and damp, covering the grassy expanse of the cemetery with a mist that doesn’t feel dry, but can’t quite materialize itself into rain. Castiel sighs, willing to just wash away.
Dean shrugs.
morning.”
Dean clears his throat.
Meg is staring at the pair of them, one eyebrow raised.
But Luke holds up a hand.
been?”
, and she let Morgan do it. Let the Marshal send Sam to his death.
The force of Anna’s punch sends Gabriel staggering back as well, and the man falls to the ground, howling in pain. Emmanuel darts forward, seizing Anna by the shoulder. She pulls against him, fuming.
“Oh, so Sam’s been lying to me, too?” Mary goes to sit back in her chair again, scoffing theatrically. “What a bunch of dishonest children—”
Dean glances over his shoulder, at the clumsily painted target.
“Sorry.”
“When an angel dies?” He whispers.
He reaches out and scoops up the ring. It’s cold against his fingers.
Dean pauses. Beside him, he sees Cas freeze too.
“Hoo-ee, what do we have here?” He grabs Dean’s wrist, shaking it.
Gabriel twists his glass on the scratched wood of the bar, swallowing the last of his whiskey.
She sweeps into a deep curtsy.
“Like you said. Long story,” Sam says. He turns back to the ashes of the spent fire, striking angrily at his match. Bobby is quiet.
“Can’t you put me down?” He asks. “I’m getting dizzy.”
Cas strides outside, naked as the day he was born, onto the beach.
<who?
He reaches up, trying to touch Castiel’s face, but he doesn’t have the strength, his hand coming to rest weakly on Castiel’s chest.
“Oh, oh.”
“Sorry to bring you further,” he says. “But I didn't want to risk it in town.”
“Carved them onto your ribs,” Dean explains, something in his voice humorous, desperate to keep it light. “I could have done that to me too, but I think this looks cooler.” He smirks.
“Do. Not. Test me.”
“So we're sitting with our thumbs up our asses,” Gabriel mutters. “Bottom of the ninth and we got nobody to play against.”
Castiel swallows. She steps forward, casually glancing around the room.
"There are many old names for things. Everything changes with time."
Dean takes a deep breath, but finds himself unable to speak. So many words, so many things to say.
Then, wings.
“It’s me, Dean, I’m here, it’s me—“
moving,shaking around them, and Castiel stops, panicking.
He laughs quietly.
The path is hard and compact underneath the horses’ hooves, and they push the animals, running neck and neck, until the trees become too thick and they pull up, reaching the edge of the woods. Dean dares not enter in this darkness, for fear of the horses losing their footing, but points instead to the line of trees.
Anna lifts her head, focusing on that voice.
Dean groans, throwing an arm over his face. Another night of inane conversation and false courtesies. He doesn’t know how long he can stand this.
“But if we lose the trail, that’s on you. And maybe I’ll decide working on my own was a better idea.”
“You know Dean,” she says. “The way they are with each other. If Dean ever found out, he would mock him mercilessly.”
“You ever been here before?”'
“And I’m an angel.”
"Then how come your name isn't...y'know. Death?”
and there’s no way he can scratch. It had hit him bad before—fresh out of Hell, nightmares every night, but it had faded into a dull ache when he was with his family, when Dean was by his side, caught up in the hunts and the busy life on the road. But lately, with the sitting and waiting around, the fear, the worry that any day an archangel would come bursting through their door—the anger had come back.
“He’s coming.”
Dean stares at him incredulously. Then his face twists, and he barks out a derisive laugh, which only serves to incense Castiel further.
"Dean destroyed my last one," Castiel says flatly.
Dean squints.
“Guess he’s still getting ready,” Eileen says.
“W-what?”
He looks at the supplies in front of him, and suddenly feels lost. Maybe this is a fool’s errand. Maybe he doesn’t have a chance in hell of finding his brother.
“You’ve never said it before,” he mumbles.
Castiel should feel exhausted, drained, especially in his weakened state. A spell of that magnitude...
“You know, you’re the only one who calls him that.”
The man smiles.
Naomi slowly turns her head.
“You want to fight with me?” He asks, frowning.
Sam jerks his hands up, backing away slightly.
Those green eyes flick over to Castiel’s. He avoids them, his stomach rolling.
“Hey, don’t look at me. I’ve never understood that kid.”
Dean can already feel Cas, hard and pressing up against his ass.
That fucking bastard.
“When Naomi…you know.”
But Castiel had stopped it.
“You don’t want it, Dean,” he says, his voice hoarse.
Castiel shifts his weight.
Alastair was the one to lead us. The champion of Heaven. We all bowed our heads and did as we were told, never questioning his words.
"Oh my god,” he groans again, burying his face in his hands.
He turns, grabbing up a Colt from the table. Dean grips Castiel's wrist, shaking his head.
Castiel breathes hard, his eyes locked on Dean’s. He’s barely able to spit out his threats, the anger clenching his throat and making it hard for him to speak. Castiel wants to shove him off, but he’s like stone.
Castiel lowers his gun slightly. Not demon then. There’s a trap under the mat the guy’s standing on. Old, but it should still be good.
Castiel bites his lip.
Dean bites his lip, desperately trying to slide back into a straight face.
Benny jerks his head at the three men behind him, naming them quickly.
“You ain’t never heard of the Roost, kid?” Tom calls. “Hmmph.”
Her face is striped with harsh cuts, her breath shallow. Her terrified eyes find his—and Castiel snaps.
A bullet cracks right by his head, causing Dean to duck, gasping.
Emmanuel holsters his pistol. His face is a mask, and he walks up to the body, glancing over the man's still form with a critical eye.
Dean grits his teeth, placing the hat on his head. But he swallows his pride and grabs onto his horse’s reins, tugging her towards him. She comes easily, but Dean hesitates, looking down at his hands. Ain’t no easy thing getting on a horse, ‘specially not with hands tied.
like machine-gun fire.
‘Why don’t we … we can try it like this?’ Cas said, taking Dean’s hips, tipping him to the side and onto his back.
‘No, it wasn’t,’ said Cas, not wanting to discuss it further. He felt a twinge of nausea.
Cas stood up very slowly and walked over to Dean. Was this part of the hallucination? Had he fallen unconscious? Perhaps all of this was happening inside his head. The entire day could be a dream. Sometimes when Dean and Sam thought they were dreaming they said, ‘Pinch me.’ Or they pinched themselves on the arm, so Cas tried that. But he didn’t wake up in his sleeping-bag on the Gas-n-Sip’s concrete floor.
‘Ezekiel is living in the bunker with you,’ Cas said dully, wondering if Dean had been watching action movies with Ezekiel and making snickerdoodles for him, before realisation hit. He sat up next to Dean, staring at the side of his face and wishing he could still read his mind. ‘Sam is Ezekiel’s vessel, and you haven’t told him.’
. The one in Purgatory.
‘Zeke told me you had to go, or he would. And his power was too low to finish healing Sammy up yet.’
Dean’s eyes cracked open. ‘Yeah,’ he said, and then there was that pie-eating smile, ‘guess I’d better—’ He licked his lips and withdrew his fingers, and Cas growled a protest. Dean was smirking. ‘Easy, tiger.’ He shifted higher on the bed.
‘So you’re saying we’re both a couple of dumbasses?’
‘Sensitive, aren’t you, beautiful?’ Dean said, voice raw and uneven, like he’d finished half a bottle of whisky and just taken one more swig.
,’ bit his lip and made them slick over their bellies and thighs.
Pressing his forehead to Cas’s shoulder, Dean moaned and muttered, ‘Jesus, you’re so fucking beautiful.’ His whole body was trembling now, and he slumped down.
‘Fuck,’ Dean hissed, eyes squeezed shut. ‘I don’t know if I can …’
Dean took off his jacket and shirt, and threw them over a chair. His thin black T-shirt clung to his biceps. When Castiel had raised him from hell, he’d clothed him in a T-shirt just like it. He had simply copied it from the one Dean had been buried in, its precise shape easily retrieved in his memories. Castiel didn’t have subconscious impulses, or concerns about fashion. He was a soldier, a warrior. The fact remained that as he’d watched Dean swagger up a dusty path to the abandoned gas station, bow-legged and sweaty in his tight blue jeans and tight black T-shirt, the Angel of the Lord, leader of his garrison, cold and hard and polished as a blade, had known lust. Not so much a crack in his chassis as a droplet of molten lava sliding across its surface, leaving a seam, the origins of a faultline.
He was still hoping to enjoy sex as a human. Love was not a requirement to stimulate arousal from consensual sexual activity, something he hadn’t experienced yet. His night with the reaper didn’t count. He hoped April’s soul had no memory of the experience, just as Jimmy’s soul was safe from him. He didn’t like to remember that night with the reaper, though thoughtlessly he’d tried to make light of it to Dean and Sam, speaking of it as a conquest. What would April think, if she’d heard him say that? It weighed on him. But he still felt discomfort; he still wasn’t sure how to put words to what the reaper had done.
‘Did you just kiss me?’ Cas asked, making sure. He was standing too close, breaking the strict personal-space rules that Dean had invoked early in their friendship.
‘No, no, I don’t mean—’ Dean said, pulling away and sitting up against the headboard. Cas could only see the shadows of his expression; he couldn’t read his eyes, but they were wide. ‘Cas, it’s not like that. Come on, I spent a year in Purgatory doing everything to get you home. I prayed to you first thing when Sammy was dying, before I knew you were human. We searched friggin’ everywhere for you.’ He swallowed, fidgeting with the corner of the sheet. ‘And, what we just did … it’s not a one-time thing, not for me. I need you, Cas. That isn’t ever gonna change, you get me?’
Then he realised what had occurred: a hallucination. Humans experiencing severe sleep deprivation accompanied by mental health issues had a tendency to hallucinate.
Was it acceptable to talk about this? Cas swallowed, not sure what else to say except the truth. ‘I, um, I think I’ll be alright. I’ve had a lot of recent practice. With myself, I mean.’
‘Yeah, easy there, beautiful,’ Dean whispered. He stroked Cas’s thighs but mercifully not his cock, then reached up to stroke his clavicles, pressing a thumb to the sweat-slick hollow of his throat.
This made Cas burn even hotter for him, for his uncertainty and sweetness. ‘I’m not doing this
‘Well, you don’t have to do anything with me. I’ll give you this room as long as you need. And a credit card, food, whatever you want. You don’t have to …’ Dean’s eyes were wide, scared, as though Cas would reprimand him. ‘I’ve fucked this up.’
,’ and that shut him up. His eyes widened, his pupils darkened, and he flicked his tongue over his swollen lower lip. Cas knew what that meant now. He slid his fingers down Dean’s body and took him in hand.
It was just a brush of lips on his.
Dean laughed, and they kept kissing, soft and lazy, until they fell asleep.
Castiel had learned his lesson that time and been more careful with Jimmy and Claire, building a mental wall to protect them from sharing intimate thoughts. He couldn’t recall what he’d done when inhabiting previous vessels, probably because Naomi had obliterated all memory of them. A few weeks ago, it had finally occurred to Cas, in the small hours of a cold morning, as he shivered in his sleeping-bag, that he might have fallen in love with other humans before Dean. Their souls might be in heaven, longing for him; there could be hundreds of them. But he would not try to find out. Loving one human brought more than enough suffering.
‘Shut up, Cas.’ Dean was stroking a finger across Cas’s lips, a soft gesture that didn’t match his hard words. ‘Don’t ever say any of that again.’ Soft gestures, hard words—that was Dean all over. ‘I keep going through it in my head,’ he said, stroking Cas’s hair now, the top of his ear while the whole left side of his body tingled in response. ‘Is it too dangerous to be honest with you? What if that kills Sam, me just telling you what’s going on? But …’ Dean’s voice cracked. ‘I think I’ve been played, man. And maybe telling you everything—maybe that will help us figure out if I’ve screwed up.’
If Cas hadn’t been so well fucked, so mellow on endorphins, the reminder would have hurt more than it did, a jab to his underbelly. ‘That was true at the time.’
There was no response except that Dean’s body tensed and stopped moving, his breaths coming shorter and sharper into the pillow beside Cas’s ear. What did that mean? Was the suggestion somehow offensive?
For some reason this was rewarded with slow, deep kisses until Dean said against his lips, ‘You really remember every dumb thing that comes out of my mouth, don’t you?’
Dean squirmed and slid away from under Cas, and he lay there panting, still very hard, bereft and aching, until Dean got back on the bed, back under him, and shoved a small plastic vial into his hand. Dean spread his legs and held on to Cas’s shoulders, looking off to the side, brow furrowed, lips swollen, reddened patches all over his smooth white neck, his whole body shaking slightly. When Cas asked, ‘Condom?’ Dean shook his head, then raised a surprised eyebrow, his eyes dulled with something unpleasant, fear or jealousy or pain, and Cas shook his head. The reaper surely had been free of disease, as Cas had been.
Dean did not comply. Cas wiped his good hand across his sweaty face and stared down, narrowing his gaze. He expected a disobedient grin, but Dean’s eyes were closed, his breath shaky and shallow, as he kept fingering Cas open. His other hand was bruising Cas’s hip.
. The stutter in Dean’s breath, the pull of his lips over his teeth, the tilt of his eyes.
‘Fuck!’ Cas jolted up and away from the sharpest pleasure he’d ever felt; he would have fallen if Dean hadn’t tugged him forward, his hand firm around his ass.
Cas murmured into the sweat-ruined velvet of his hair, ‘That was good,
Only a few hours ago Cas had been going on a date with Nora, and Dean had said,
In April’s butter-yellow bathroom, scented with a cloying floral fragrance, Cas had met his eyes in the mirror and congratulated himself on not thinking about Dean during intercourse. In the next instant, Cas had latched the bathroom door. As he jerked himself off one-handed into April’s sink, his other hand braced on the porcelain, he thought of Dean so much that he bit the inside of his lip to keep from crying out, until his mouth filled with blood. A surprisingly salty taste, not very pleasant—he felt sorry for vampires.
,’ Dean grunted as Cas climbed on top, on his knees over Dean’s belly, his body tilted back so Dean could reach him. Then Dean’s strong, sure finger was pressing inside him, smooth and hard but careful, not rough. Cas’s body jerked, and Dean’s other hand clamped down on his hip, holding him steady, grounding him as his finger stroked inside, then two fingers, slightly uncomfortable, no hesitation, not much pleasure except at the intimacy, the knowledge this was Dean inside him, then—
, sonofabitch,’ Dean grunted, grabbing at the phone, nearly knocking it to the floor before Cas plucked it from his grasp and switched it off. ‘Call in sick,’ Dean ordered. He sounded like an angry bear, but in the early morning light he looked like Cas’s wildest fantasy, his hair a mess with clumped gel and dried sweat, his skin glowing, little red marks all over his body.
‘Fuck,
That prompted an odd pain in Cas’s chest. Either it was some love-related chemical response, or he had heartburn. He was still having trouble parsing these signals from his body. He hadn’t remembered that mammalian intestines contained neural matter, but recently a podcast had enlightened him. He’d been planning to download an ebook about gut health.
Cas was propped on his elbow over Dean. He looked into Dean’s pupil-blown eyes and then back to the task at hand, asking, ‘Yes?’
Since becoming human he had longed for human touch, specifically Dean’s. He now understood why humans razed cities to the ground and threw themselves on funeral pyres. It made him think of a song Dean favoured, a chant of desire from the Impala’s tape-deck: ‘I’m burning, I’m burning, I’m burning for you.’ Cas had wanted, before, to touch Dean, many times, or for Dean to touch him, and he had wanted to shield and protect Dean, to please him, so many times, but not like this. It made Cas sick and sweaty and moist and furtive, like some desperate crawling insect that had been half-squashed. He understood human shame, especially in the middle of the night on the concrete floor of the Gas-n-Sip, where he went through boxes of wet wipes, fumbling them out one-handed, wrapping them in plastic bags from behind the counter and throwing them in the dumpster out back. They would pollute the oceans, possibly choke dolphins.
Cas took a few steadying breaths before he pushed in. Wet, tight, hot. He clenched his teeth, squeezed his eyes shut. Being an animal, a mammal, a dirty ape, a mud-monkey—it wasn’t so bad.
The wrist bandage was adequate. Cas pushed Dean’s hands away firmly but gently, or so he hoped. The idea that Dean might never touch him again was almost as painful as Dean touching him, but in a couple of years the sting would fade. Angels had a tendency to see everything, all at once in sharp focus, while human minds were more flexible; they were skilled at dissociation and compartmentalisation. Dean had taught him about that.
After thumping the pizza on the bed, Dean scratched the back of his neck again. He didn’t look happy but didn’t seem angry. ‘So,’ he said, ‘you hungry?’
Dean clamped his hand over Cas’s mouth. ‘I said, don’t talk.’ Dean’s palm was damp and rough and smelt like both of them, and Cas’s hips bucked involuntarily. He remembered being Castiel in the Green Room, slamming Dean against the wall, covering his mouth—the look in Dean’s eyes, like that of a trapped animal, pupils dilated, had it also been arousal? Castiel had been too distracted to notice. How long had Dean wanted this? Cas couldn’t stop the rhythm of his hips or the shivers that racked him, and he didn’t know if he could hold on either.
“Well I wanted to spend time with you,” Jody insisted, “you’re leaving for college next year!”
Castiel heard the door to the bathroom open and held his breath, hoping the person didn’t hear him.
Gabe looked up at him in mock surprise. “Oh, haven’t you heard? This is an intervention to stop your moping around the house.”
Dean paused, the tips of three of his fingers stretching Castiel's rim. "Castiel?"
Castiel froze in shock at the sudden contact. Dean’s hands had cupped Castiel’s face and his lips were warm, tasting like cooked wine and the bourbon from earlier. Oddly enough, the bourbon did not taste as bad coming off of Dean’s lips.
. I think I saw stars when we hooked up at the party.”
She smiled a real smile and he put it over her head. "Make sure Charlie knows about it ok?" She nodded and leaned against the tree, away from him, and began to play with it.
“Thank you,” Dean replies mechanically, trying to prise his sleeve from her grip.
“Came all this way to get you, didn't I?” Sam says, shrugging. "I got your back, Dean."
“Breathe,” he whispers into his ear.
"I was there," Sam says darkly. "I saw it happen."
“Ooh, where at?”
When Dean’s mouth closes around his dick, his clothes are gone, but Castiel barely even notices. He yells out loud, seizing his hair and clenching his thighs around Dean’s head, gasping.
she signs.
He turns around, but Emmanuel has already retreated to a distance, picking up his hat from the dirt, brushing off the dust. He’s headed back towards the horses, and Dean calls after him.
She stares at Charlie for a moment, then turns her eyes Heavenward, as if daring for a challenge.
“Temper, Castiel,” he mutters. “It always did get you into trouble.”
Anna throws a panicked look over her shoulder.
Castiel straightens, a steely glint in his eye.
The men behind him quickly catch up, forming a circle around him.
He looks down, at Dean’s face. His eyes have closed, his breath slow and labored. Castiel unsteadily brushes the bloodstained hair from his temple.
“So. You saw,” he mumbles sourly.
Castiel frowns, pulling back long enough from the heat of Dean to realize—
“Um.” Dean coughs. “Green thumb.”
Dean can barely balance, leaning away as far as possible from the sharp edge of the knife that's cutting into his throat. He pulls on the cuffs so hard that he feels his wrists start to bleed.
Castiel’s throat is dry.
Anna looks up sharply, her expression guilty.
Castiel smiles.
Dean laughs again.
The tall one looks to her.
Bela’s eyes narrow. Dean glances at Cas’s motionless form, his heart pounding.
“You have a good heart, Castiel,” he says softly. “Now I see why.”
As soon as that thought hits his brain, he’s almost overwhelmed with the truth of it. In fact, now that’s he’s thinking about it, Dean’s sudden disinterest in hitting the bars had coincided with Cas’s move to the Bay Area.
She glances up at Bela.
Dean snaps, hissing through his teeth.
“You’ve got a tattoo,” Dean chokes out. Cas glances down.
Cas just went for Dean’s dick with little to no preamble, and is now twisting his wrist in a way that makes some of Dean’s higher brain functions go offline.
Lilith continues to scream.
“Dean!”
Max and Alicia find them, Alicia locking her arms around Cas’s middle. Her hair is done up and elegantly adorned with silver ribbons, a pair of sparkling fairy wings on her back. When it comes to Max’s costume, he clearly didn’t bother too much with fabric. He’s got a firefighter’s helmet on and not much else.
“Alright. Guess I'll talk to you soon.”
“And I do not wish to dampen your celebration, but don’t forget. When you come of age, you must marry. Even I cannot slow the passage of time.”
His blood starts to trickle into the pot, and Castiel exhales slowly, clenching his fist.
“She knows what she’s doing,” he says again, his tone low and dangerous. “I try to protect her, because that’s my goddamn job—but I don’t interfere. Because I actually trust her, instead of fucking control her, like you—“
“Sam.”
Castiel opens his mouth, then hesitates.
“Sorry. I—I should have let you know."
“You shouldn’t be looking this good, Cas,” she says weakly, trying to smile.
Everything is quiet. Only the soft sounds of morning, and Castiel’s quiet breathing. He tightens the grip on his gun.
“Think it might have been one of Morgan’s men,” he says, sighing.
“You’re
She turns away from the angel, pulling out the chair next to Gabriel. Anna pauses, noticing he hasn’t moved. She turns.
He finishes and gets up, swinging his leg off of Cas, Cas hissing again as Dean jostles him.
“Dean, no—“
“And fuck you very much, Cas.”
“Apprehensive is just a big word for ‘completely fucking scared.’”
The man steps closer, out from the branches and into the small clearing. His movements are strange, fluid, not quite human. They seem vaguely familiar, but Dean can’t put his finger on it.
Everyone stares at him. Max coughs awkwardly.
And despite his terror, Castiel’s heart breaks.
He just wants this to be over. He misses his home. He misses his tiny little office. He misses Sam.
He glares at her as she grabs the scissors and sits down beside him. Castiel really wants to be angry at her, but some part of him knows he deserves this.
“It’s mostly out of pity,” he says, facing him. Dean takes a step closer, so they’re almost touching.
Dean is no stranger to men in his bed, and while it was all hidden and kept secret, there were a lot of lonely men out on the trail, lonely men who had no problem finding comfort where they could get it. Many a rider had passed through their small town and found their way into the sheriff’s quarters.
Anna glances at her.
“That’s the spirit.”
“Get him out of here,” Dean says, his voice cracking. “Patch him up.”
“Someone’s gotta be around to clean up your messes.”
April tsks sadly, and as if on cue, Castiel stands, stretching out his back, long and low. The motion attracts April’s eye, and she immediately heads straight for the cat, holding her hand out.
“Just, um. Wondering how it’ll all play out.”
He feels like he’s dying. He’s never felt pain like this before—it’s second only to the torture Lilith put him through, but that was the essence of his grace. This stabs at his physical body, tearing and ripping him apart from the inside out.
“May the lord who frees you from sin save you and rise you up—“
He creeps silently past them, slipping into the bathroom and quietly shutting the door.
Dean gives him a glare, but there’s no heat in it.
Dean still looks unsure, but after a moment he turns, looking up. He concentrates, brow furrowing.
“Come on, little sister,” he taunts. “We’ve only just started! Giving up so soon?”
He gives a feeble laugh.
“Sorry for the hasty exit,” Sam says. “But a cluster of demons was descending on the spot, and with Dean—“
Dean quickly shakes his head.
“Why’d you stop?” He asks breathlessly, hand curling around his bicep. Castiel clears his throat, catching his breath.
He’s not innocent—he knows the dangers that lurk for him outside the castle walls, even more numerous now that he is considered a royal in a world that has not yet accepted him—but Dean knows how he felt in those woods.
“Just tried to bribe you,” Ruby says, crossing her arms.
“They won’t,” Gabriel says firmly. “He’s too valuable.”
“I…I’m sorry,” he mumbles. Then his legs give out.
“Listen to
“Martin Creaser?”
“What I’m trying to say is…”
Lucky Dean knows these hills. He’s passed back and forth between Ridgeville on cattle runs—and every time they drive, seems like a runaway calf gets lost in these hills. So to follow this clumsy rider, a stranger to their parts, into the twisting hills—it's merely an inconvenience.
She blinks at him.
Castiel breathes hard, staring at him. There was a pounding in his ears, blocking out everything, any rational thought, any reminder that this was a whole fucked up mess he didn’t even want to begin to think about.
Dean can’t help it, he snorts. Drunk Cas is hilarious, a rare creature Dean's only seen a few times—but absolutely smashed Cas is somethin’ else, leaning in his seat, hat tilted and a lock of hair tumbling dangerously over his forehead.
“Benny, you always say the right thing.”
The jacket. It’s on the chair next to his bed, folded neatly. He hasn’t touched it since they moved back to the church.
The guy gets a mischievous look on his face.
She backs away from the horse, slowly looking back up at Luke. He watches her for a moment, one hand stroking his stallion’s mane. His eyes drift slowly to the empty desert to their right, then back to her.
He gives the man a cool smile.
“Okay, so when it’s happening, then?”
“I don’t have time for this,” he mutters. “Abby, you said he’d be worth something—”
Castiel fakes a smile.
Anna looks up at him, alarmed.
Both of them weaponless. Both of them useless.
“I miss you, too,” he answers, after a moment.
Okay, he’s lying.
“She’s no use to us,” Sam says, glaring at her coldly. “Bela’s only friend is herself.”
She moves her chair slightly closer to Sam's, resting her hand on the table just shy of his arm.
“Now you'll see how Heaven handles disobedience.”
me,” Dean says indignantly. “
“Cas,” he murmurs.
“Because I’m following the man who kidnapped my brother,” Sam says. “And whoever took my brother is leaving a
“Bullshit, you can’t,” Dean spits back. “You saved me.”
The man shoves him again, and Castiel snaps, laying him out flat. The strength of the punch cracks through his knuckles and he yanks back his hand, hissing. The lock clicks and the door bangs open, Anna rushing in.
Dean’s eyes glint with a bit of his old fire.
“Weird?” Sam chuckles, but it’s high and false. “What are you talking about?”
He snarls, but he doesn’t sacrifice his position. She lets out a tinkling laugh.
“Hey now.”
Castiel groans, thunking his head against the doorframe.
Dean’s eyes widen, and then he laughs, the corners of his eyes crinkling.
Anna touches his cheek, and she murmurs something Castiel doesn’t hear. Gabriel’s deeper rumble echoes beside him, a solid pressure underneath his back.
He clasps his hands, then raises an eyebrow.
Dean stares, not comprehending.
“And who? Well, that’s the million-dollar question.”
Castiel doesn’t hesitate—he bolts forward.
The sheriff is silent, the muscles in his jaw working.
Dean slaps the bar, grinning widely.
Ruby shakes her head.
Castiel swallows, the name sticking in his throat.
“Pretty horse,” he hisses.
“I found E. She’s fine. We’re going to head back to the hotel now.”
“Remember, Abaddon,” he says smoothly. “It was I who sent you to Hell in the first place.”
The demon flips the blade, his eyes glittering.
Dean smiles feebly, his eyes sliding closed.
He just sees his soul.
His mother had chosen well. The pull of the bow is tight, but he’s shooting better than ever. They’ll be feasting on venison for quite some time, thanks to Dean and his bow.
“Fuck—”
“I’m just trying—“
“It’s gonna hurt, Cas,” he mumbles. “Gonna hurt so bad.”
She slams her hand on the table.
Castiel looks down at his hand, shoving the broken stylus into his pocket.
“And you believed me?” Charlie smiles a little. “Dean, I thought we knew each other better than that.”
Castiel looks up, startled.
“Whatever he told you is a
He follows the dark trail outside of town, to the thicket of trees that rings the outskirts of Stonegate. When they’d passed this way before, it had been daylight. Now the moon filters dimly through the branches of the trees, night wind chill and brisk. Dean pulls his collar up, shivering slightly as his horse slowly makes her way over the uneven ground.
The room doesn’t answer him. The air is thick and dark, only the dim light of the half moon struggling to shine through the window.
That's when it explodes.
“We better get started, then.”
The words come out before he can stop himself, and Dean’s hands loosen a little. He stares at him in disbelief.
Alicia and Charlie laugh, dipping back inside to greet him. Dean pours himself a decent amount of whiskey and comes to lean against the doorway, watching as Gabriel dumps a big cardboard box he was carrying on the kitchen counter—(‘supplies’, he says with a grin—and knowing Gabe, that probably means a shitton of alcohol and something illegal.)
Balthazar presses a hand against the wall, breathing heavily. His clothes are torn, and there’s blood on his temple.
Gabriel’s eyes slide closed.
He stops, fire flaming in his eyes.
And Cas.
“Enough time for lunch,” Sam’s voice rumbles, then the sound of his footsteps back into the house. Dean calls after him.
The Marshal’s hand drops.
He shakes his head and presses their foreheads together, unable to say anything else. Castiel’s hands move unbidden, on instinct, to curl around his wrists, the delicate thrum of his pulse underneath his hand jumping, pounding in time with his own heart.
“Don’t hold your breath,” Emmanuel whispers.
“I am trying to save this world. Bring paradise. Bring peace. To everyone.” He pauses. “Especially you.”
Dean’s eyes are frantic.
“I’m sorry,” Eileen says to them. “But I can’t do this anymore.”
“Go to hell,” he snarls.
Dean places a hand on his chest, mock offended.
“You bastard,” he mutters, and Dean grins.
Emmanuel pushes back from the table, stalking up the stairs. The bedroom door slams, the sound echoing all the way downstairs.
She moves forward, and Abaddon immediately steps back, her grip tightening on the black blade.
<castiel, i assume :)
For one breathless moment, he’s frozen—framed against the dark night, teetering at the edge.
“And I have the perfect dress, just been waiting for an excuse to wear it, honestly.”
Castiel cautiously sets the book down, his heart pounding.
“Stole from our barkeep,” he says. “She’s half-blind and harmless. And he robbed her of barely a hundred dollars.”
She cuts off, her face twisting into a grimace.
Her voice is curious, and she seems almost in awe.
“Indeed I do.” Dean smirks. “Maybe I like watching you squirm.”
Dean puts on the last piece of tape, but he doesn’t move away.
“Hey,” Dean says, holding up a hand. “You were just as into that as I was.”
“Well.”
Marv jerks away and Dean is knocked flat on his back, again—and he blinks, disoriented, wondering how Marv managed to get one over on him again—when he sees Marv too, flat out on the dirt only a few feet away.
“You okay?”
Sam is quiet.
“But—“
Cas reaches out, slowly taking his hand. Dean watches as their fingers slip together, and he breaks.
It had been a couple days, but for some reason, the damn cut won’t close. He hopes it isn’t cursed or some shit like that.
“Not sure I like it, but—” He sits up. “Remember, it’s not about how much you say ‘I love you.’ It’s about how you show it. May you continue to show your love for each other each and every day.”
Castiel leans down, barely brushing Dean’s lips with his own. Dean tries to arch up and kiss him, but Castiel pulls back at the last second, rolling his hips forward once for good measure, delighting in the mumbled curses that follow.
Despite the warm haze settling through him, Castiel frowns blearily.
He tips Dean’s head back, one thumb gently pressed to Dean’s throat, his pulse fluttering under Castiel’s grip.
Cas’s answering grin is blinding, his whole face shining with radiance.
“There’s a fork in the road to the east,” the girl continues. “Right goes to Ashcroft, but the left one goes up into the mountains. The Roost is somewhere there.”
Flash. The top of a building. Flash, a dark train, then the side of a mountain—
With a last loathing look towards Sam, Gabriel follows.
Sam goes back to his drink, pretending he hasn’t noticed the woman's eyes on him. But he keeps himself aware of her, noticing her lack of companions, the way she pays the bartender from a hidden money pouch from inside her coat. He doesn’t know why, but something about her sets his teeth on edge.
“Hold it.”
They mirror each other, stepping forward as the other steps back. Castiel sweeps across the floor with a smooth confident step and Dean moves with him, mostly following. Castiel is the one leading tonight.
“Does your magic greenhouse spell include locking people out, Cas—Cas?”
Castiel feels a wetness sting his cheeks, the slide of hot tears as Dean pulls him down to kiss him again, apologies lost between their lips.
Anna sits next to Dean on the bed.
“With this flame, burn the night away,” Castiel intones. “Let it light the power inside, and let it grow as bright.”
Charlie and Eileen have made their way towards the bar, Charlie slinging an arm over Dean’s shoulders. Eileen smiles at Sam, moving closer to him, making a happy little gesture. Sam signs a few clumsy things back, grinning ear to ear. Dean bites at his lip.
Also a big wonderful thank you to my artist,
“So then what are you? Stronger? More agile? Think.”
Castiel smiles sheepishly.
His nose brushes the skin of his neck, so close, so dangerously close. Castiel shivers, leaning into the touch.
“Put—it—down—“
“Some part of me hoped you’d try to go after it. But when you refused it last night, I realized.”
He straightens, his eyes, dark and cold.
He takes a deep breath, and starts his horse off on a slow trot down to the inn.
Castiel supposes he should be flattered that Luke is still scared of him.
“Cas,
He should have been there. Anna was in danger—she had almost died, she was
Anna bites her lip.
He pauses, letting Dean think for a moment.
The woman looks back at Dean, arching a dark eyebrow.
“What? What’d you find?”
“You didn’t bring me out here just so we could make out, did you?”
“Dean—”
“It’s inevitable,” Sam snaps. “And with her above ground, as it gets closer…it won’t be long until
He rides faster, trying to remember Anna’s description in his mind. At the foot of the hills, by a river, a fork in the road. The one to the right is used by coaches, the one that heads on to Ashcroft, the next major town. The one to the left is mostly hidden, only known to the outlaws, leading up to the Roost.
“Anna!” He yells. “
He looks back at his mailbox, then back at Castiel.
A servant scuttles forward, resetting the target as Dean steps up to the mark again.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean whispers.
Dean points the gun back at him, steel in his eyes.
“You’ve never told me why you hate Cas so much.”
“I know Cas is the one who always whines and complains about sitting on the sidelines, but I’m fucking tired of it too. Anything I can do to help.”
“No,” Charlie snaps. “I gotta make sure this building doesn’t collapse around us, it’s weak enough as it is, and once those two really get going—“
“Hello, Charlie. A loaf of multigrain and a half dozen bagels, please.”
Then they flick back to Dean.
“You—“ He tries to help him up. “You are the clumsiest angel I’ve ever met.”
Castiel is shaking his head, his eyes sliding closed.
Sam sits back, scoffing.
“I don't,” she says. “That was a warning shot.”
His fingers find his wrist, clutching tight.
He hears Dean shift his weight, his tone betraying his surprise.
“She’s not outside or by the bathroom,” says a voice from behind them. “I checked.”
“Now, come on.
Abaddon’s eyes are soft, the imitation of mercy.
“Ellen,” Anna says. “She was a nurse in the war.”
for a living, there’s no way he hasn’t done the same romantic shit.”
Gabriel preens.
“Sloppy, Castiel,” he murmurs. “Sloppy.”
It’s magnificent, the largest lake Dean’s ever seen—he cannot see the shore on the other side, only darkness. The woods stretch the whole length of it, trees silently keeping vigil on the shore.
“Sometimes your mind won’t let you sleep.” Those eyes find Dean’s again. “You’re a lawman. M'sure you’ve seen your fair share of things you didn’t want to.”
“Wanna see you—Cas—”
Sam looks up sharply.
“How are you…alive?”
He thinks a moment, then chuckles, a wry smile playing around his lips.
“Probably gone asking more inconvenient questions about Emmanuel.”
“Well, you didn’t let me drive,” Cas says airily. “The least I can do is make sure Charlie patched you up properly.”
He untethers his chestnut from her post and hoists himself up into the saddle. Ruby starts off before he’s settled, at a walk towards the north road. Sam pulls the reins up into his hands, clucking his tongue.
“Looks like.”
The man—he looks like Dean, he
He sees a long shadow, the butt of a rifle—
Castiel snarls, contorting under his grip, but those hands are too strong. Dean’s eyes are burning.
Castiel stares at it for a moment, then dips his head, letting out a short laugh.
Sam curses.
And they walk forward into the light.
“You cannot fight fate, Anna.”
The buyer snorts, and reaches for the briefcase.
“FBI?”
“Gabriel has his faults, but he’s a good man,” he says slowly. “And Eileen is one of the best.”
They argue back and forth, Castiel nearly shouting at her as they pull on the main road—and when she finally relents and they go back to the warehouse, there’s nothing but ash and rubble, the scene marked off by police tape, loose ends fluttering in the breeze.
“You’re a reaper,” the man accused.
The demons turn, snarling. She snaps them out of existence with a flick of her fingers.
He whirls.
"What?"
Sam raises a hand, blowing down the doors, and then they’re inside.
“Spell it out for me, would ya?”
“JAMES CASTIEL NOVAK, WHAT IS THAT?”
Sam shoots a look over at their mother.
Then they starting plotting. Time to go for the bigger fish. Fanciest places they could find.
“You sure we can trust him?” He mutters.
Castiel whips back, closing his eyes.
“Alright,” she says, jerking a thumb over her shoulder. “Out.”
“Let go of me—“
“I...never would’ve guessed.”
Mick looks over at Ketch’s face, and he snorts into his scotch.
“One down already,” he mutters. “Damn, she’s good.”
The guests are still standing around, muttering amongst themselves, but Dean cannot bring himself to care. Tonight there are no rules, no responsibilities. Castiel is here with him,
“He’s going to
Sam spits his beer across the rug.
can go back to wherever you came from. I’ve got better things to do than babysit.”
“Hey, it’s fine,” Gabriel consoles. “There were probably some people out in Canada who didn’t know—”
Castiel grits his teeth.
Dean lands softly, his wings barely making a sound.
The man looks at him for a moment, then turns back to the horses.
Emmanuel slowly moves forward, his gun ready in his hand.
...Maybe.
Sam climbs down a few more feet, before dropping onto the ground below.
He exhales slowly.
Dean glances at him, taking the hammer.
“It doesn’t hurt,” Castiel says out loud.
The outlaw clucks his tongue to his horse, gently nudging his heels into her sides. She turns and starts trotting off down the trail, the shorter one following behind him.
And stops dead. Because someone’s already in there.
The new Dean has a finger pressed to his temple, counting silently. He frowns.
“Yeah,” Sam whispers. “Your angel...Cas.”
She smiles warmly at Dean.
“I watched and protected Anna,” Dean explains. “That was my main job, but I—I learned about humans, I saw her live her life—and when she met you…” He trails off.
Charlie grabs him, steady hands on his shoulders.
“What are you doing?” He asks, halfheartedly struggling.
He’s gotta warn Emmanuel.
“Dean, I’m staying with you.”
“You say that as if it’s true.”
Castiel’s mouth goes dry.
“Right.”
“How does it feel?” he hisses. She shakes her head, pleading silently.
“You got a farrier in town?” Castiel asks.
Gabriel drifts away from them. It’s inevitable. With his parents gone, he feels like he has nothing tying him down anymore, from something he’s always needed. So he starts to travel. His home is barely his home anymore, more like a house. Castiel can’t remember the last time Gabe spent more than three weeks there. He sends things back to Castiel regularly, stories and scraps of lore he’s picked up from the international crew, but mostly it’s just pictures. Capturing the beauty of the world.
Abaddon kneels down in front of him, one hand caressing his cheek. Her face seems so kind.
Castiel’s skin is cold, clammy—his breath comes rapid and shallow, and he’s seeing double. Luke’s legs weave in from the side, into his vision, something flashing in his hand.
“Castiel…” He can’t think of anything to say. “I’m sorry.”
“I think we’ve done enough talking,” he murmurs.
“You promise to behave, and I won’t lock you up for the night.”
They clear out, drifting upstairs, out to the barn, to their rooms to collect their things. Meg stands at the foot of the stairs, fixing Emmanuel’s collar.
“If that man is who you say he is,” he starts slowly, “Then he deserves it.”
“Just up ahead,” Emmanuel says.
Castiel moves against him, eyes almost closed. His right hand clasps at Dean’s neck, fingers occasionally brushing through the short hairs at the base of his skull.
But Dean is scanning the other faces, and sees an eager gleam from some of them—there's a woman just to Benny’s left, wearing a dark hat and a pistol on her hip, who’s watching Gabriel with a sort of veiled intrigue. A man stands next to her, their features eerily similar. Related, Dean guesses.
She turns to Dean, startled, as if spooked from a dream.
Anna’s voice is muffled underneath her hat.
She knows. Of course she knows. Castiel doesn’t have to tell her.
“And I’ll actually need you, towards the end, so please stay close.”
He thrusts his hips again and Dean groans, grabbing the headboard.
“How so?”
“It's a little more difficult when you're convincing folks to join a robbery,” Gabriel hisses back.
“Oh. It’s you.”
They sweep out onto the floor, Castiel commanding every eye, magnificent in his black silk, his violent blue gaze sweeping the dance floor. Every woman and man that gazes upon him cannot seem to meet his eyes, dropping in respect or fear as he turns towards them. Only a cold pair of yellow eyes watches him from the corner, and Dean, entranced, is unable to look anywhere else.
It’s a simple life, a struggling life, nowhere near the land or property or money they rightfully had.
“Because…I definitely recognize you,” she says, reaching for his face.
“What about yoooou, huh? Think you can take us on?”
“Get away from me,” Castiel hisses.
“Tell me, you still believe in
Charlie throws her arms around his neck, squeezing him so hard he can barely breathe.
Sam and Gabriel appear not long after, looking windswept and frantic—they’ve already heard the news and rushed back. Now they are all standing around the bar, staring at each other, at a loss.
Mary claps her hands, and the musicians raise their bows.
Castiel places the bible back on the shelf with shaking fingers.
He grabs Dean’s arm, pulling him from the room. Dean weakly tries to protest, but stops once he sees the look on Sam’s face. He ain't getting out of this one.
Castiel presses a palm against the dirt. Yes, it's moving—
Gabriel shakes his head, clumsily trying to patch up her cuts, but they’re barely bleeding anymore. She’s lost too much blood.
“First the traitor, then failing to capture one,
Castiel loves it.
It's not a fight. Gordon is toying with him.
Dean shrugs.
And he hates it now. Hates sitting here as screams and shots echo around him—screams that might belong to his friends—as he does nothing.
“What? Had enough already?”
Castiel’s injuries heal quickly, and it isn’t long before he’s itching to get back to the normal schedule of things.
“Y'know, I feel like most Americans don’t know about the completely terrible way Hawaii became part of the U.S. in the first place,” he muses.
One of the people at the end of the bar turns, eyes quickly sizing up Gabriel, then Dean behind him.
“I would rather lose my powers than bind myself to someone I didn’t love. And if you don’t want to do this, we’ll call off the ritual. Grandmother’s will be damned,” he says firmly.
“You understand me?” He growls.
“Excellent time for you to grow a conscience, bro,” Gabriel retorts.
“Gabe. Dude, no. Don’t apologize. Because of you, we’re able to get married here, in freakin’ Las Vegas, and not in some run-down community rec center.”
He turns the keys in the ignition, and feels her familiar growl underneath him. Despite himself, Castiel smiles.
"You fought for her."
Dean looks back at him, giddy with awe.
Sam’s eyebrows shoot up into his hair. The man doesn’t blink, giving Dean an unimpressed once-over.
"Is he ill? Perhaps a fever—"
“What?”
"Since you're already going to the inn, Pam mentioned she wanted to speak to you, too."
Gabriel huffs.
Sam backs away, but he doesn’t holster his gun.
“So—”
“I think what I want most right now is a shower.”
He almost doesn’t let Dean escape his arms.
“Dean.” Castiel murmurs, fingers fumbling, scraping over his back. Dean just nestles into him, purring in pleasure.
Shit.
There’s silence, and then quick whispered words, and Lilith’s thunderous explosion.
“Oh. It is, is it?”
“It’s really me,” Castiel says softly.
Castiel wants the sky to crack open and purge itself of blue.
Dean’s entire face lit up—and he swept Anna under his arm, tousling her hair.
“Goodnight,” he calls after her. Castiel gives him a look. Gabriel shrugs.
He whacks Sam on the shoulder, his smile wide.
Anna’s tone hardens.
"It's just..."
” He yells again.
Dean looks up. Max Banes has sauntered up to him, one hand in his pocket. He leans back slightly against the tree they tied the horse to, looking at Dean.
But they're not heading towards Gabe’s house.
“You can call me Dean,” he whispers back, smirking.
—Anna—nothing is worth losing you—"
“You fucking son of a bitch,” he says again, tightening the grip on the bottle. He has half a mind to throw it at him.
Eileen feels like she’s about to throw up.
“DUDE.”
“C’mon, big fellow,” she says. “Let’s you and me talk.”
Dean steps closer, his eyes smoldering.
And he’s not going to let her get away with it.
Gabriel narrows his eyes.
Castiel wipes at his eyes, his voice thick.
He feels utterly ridiculous, standing rigid and stiff as one of the tailors flits around him.  Dean seems to feel very much the same, calling the getup a ‘monkey suit’ and nervously fidgeting every time the tailor gets near him.
Dean’s hand breaks through the wall by his head. Castiel inhales sharply, his body pulsing.
Sam shakes his head and turns to Dean, who’s taken off his coat and draped it behind him, trying to fend off some of the heat. Dean peeks an eye open at him.
Sam fumbles impatiently for the photograph.
Castiel stares at him.
“Well,
“What’s that from?”
“Cas, you gotta—“
“Anna—”
Castiel hops down from the bench, and kneels next to him in the dirt.
“Look, it’s not what you think—“
Dean’s hand slips from Castiel’s, and then he’s fumbling in his pocket, pulling out something, clasped tight in his fist.
“Well, we got nowhere else to go.” Anna leans her elbows on the table. “It’s near impossible to get there if you don’t know where it is—most don’t even dare take that road. They turn right on the path to Ashcroft instead.”
But he doesn’t. He covers his face with his hands.
Castiel turns back again, concentrating.
Perhaps neither of them are what they’ve been pretending to be.
Zeke coughs, shifting awkwardly. Castiel taps his pen against the table, then gestures at the seat opposite him.
“Didn’t take me much longer to figure out the lawmen were just as bad as the outlaws in the stories. Worse in some respects. Using people who trusted them on account of the star on their lapel.”
“You remember my associate? Mr. Mick Davies?” He asks, gesturing to the man behind him.
“You know exactly who, Emmanuel,” he says, the name dripping with condescension.
Cas laughs, gripping at the front of Dean’s shirt. He pulls him closer, kissing him again, and it quickly turns dark, heated, Cas’s hands sliding around Dean’s waist to grip at his back, one slipping under his shirt.
“Angels don’t exist,” he says bluntly.
Charlie bites her lip.
The man takes a step forward, halting, tripping over his words.
Anna makes an aborted attempt at a laugh, swirling down another gulp from the bottle.
“Winchester.”
“Just wanted to tell you.”
Gabriel stops, going pale.
No answer.
Alastair stalks forward, grabbing her collar. She snarls and twists, and they both have their blades at each other’s throats, one slice away from death. Alastair doesn’t seem to notice.
“Have you gone mad?” He hisses, pulling Dean back sharply. “This is who you choose, to bring to a ball, the night you are to be engaged? What spell has he put you under—“
Castiel looks back at the lopsided coach. He strides over, yanking the middle bar of the harness from the twisted remains of its front wheels. He turns, holding it out.
Castiel looks up sharply. Anna tries to lift a hand, but the tube snaking into her arm restrains her, and she lets it fall back to the bed. She takes a deep breath.
“No.” He sniffs, snapping at his reins. “Just that he disagrees about….certain ideas I have.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“That a promise?”
“So. Why didn’t he come get me himself?”
Of course. He should have seen this coming. Dean is having second thoughts, and rightly, wants to back out of this before making the commitment. Because it isn’t fair for Castiel to ask this of Dean if he’s not committed, even if Castiel is so sure—
Her phone buzzes again, and despite wanting to chuck it at the nearest wall, she reads the next text.
“Fuck you,” he snarls instead.
,” he shouts. “You incompetent son of a bitch—“
Dean scrambles across the dirt, searching for the quiver that fell in the madness. He finds it, pulls an arrow, and rolls onto his back. Another flash of lightning, and—
He slides his hand to the back of Dean’s neck, pushing his hips down to roll slowly against his. Dean shivers, his hands tightening on his back.
“Where are you?” Anna demands.
He opens up the door to Charlie’s shop, the noise of the town square disappearing into calm quiet, the air rich with the scent of freshly-baked bread. He drops into a seat at the counter, helping himself to the coffee sitting on the burner.
“Why? Why are you here?” She pinkens slightly. “My lord. I mean.”
“Lilith’s a nasty one, isn’t she?” She says conversationally, smiling down at him. She seems completely unfazed that Castiel hasn’t taken her hand.
“This is the man who kidnapped you. Held you hostage for almost a month—”
Ruby drops her glass on the table, raising an eyebrow.
He's got some holy water in his pocket. If he can just reach it...
"Anna and Cas. Gotta say, I'm feeling a little starstruck. They talk about you all the time."
But Christ, it’s hot. Heat shimmers over the sand, making the trees in the distance dance, dark shapes moving on the horizon.
Castiel’s jaw drops. Dean blinks for a minute, then bursts out laughing, clapping a hand over his mouth. Sam is stony-faced, like he’s debating whether or not to strangle Gabriel right then and there.
“…so handsome. He’ll be snatched up before you know it.”
Castiel breathes heavily, trying to calm himself.
“My name,” the boy says haughtily. “Is Sam.”
“Had to reunite with some very unsavory characters until one could tell me where you were,” he says, his knees buckling slightly.
"In a war, you can't promise anyone's safety," he mutters. "I know that for a fact."
Dean finally breaks out of his haze, touching the edge of the red mark. Castiel shivers.
He sticks to the shadows, avoiding being seen by anyone on the streets around the inn.
He glances over to the seat beside him. Cas is calmly flipping through the in-flight magazine, pausing to skim an article about scuba diving tours.
"The tuning’s better in here,” he says shortly.
He stops in nearly every shop and parlor, asking after his brother. Nobody appears to have seen him. Whoever took Dean is being very careful, to cover their tracks, to not let anyone catch their names, and to not draw any attention to themselves. Makes sense they would avoid the towns. But Sam can see the traces, the shadows they've left, and he seizes desperately at even the slightest clues. Sam asks whether any outlaws, rustlers, or bandits have been spotted in the area lately. If there have been any crimes or robberies. Where an outlaw might go after their town. How far to the county seat.
Around him, the world is awakening, the dawn illuminating the twisting paths between the trees.
After a few minutes, Castiel speaks.
Dean wakes up, but he doesn’t want to open his eyes.
“I’d worry about yourself.”
“Oh, you’re back,” she says. “You find Sam and Eileen?”
Dean grabs weakly at Castiel’s shirt, nearly crying.
He’s distracted when Sam sets them to work on more sigils, this time in each of their bedrooms. Castiel’s eyes are crossing by the time they finish, his hand cramped and stiff.
Dean groans again, dropping his head back.
He tears away from them, Anna’s frantic scream following him as he barrels around the corner. He dips down briefly, grabbing an angel sword from where it’s fallen from its dead owner’s hand, faint blue wings splattered on the ground.
“‘Cause it makes you look dashing,” Gabriel says, giving him a wink.
“You can’t just expect us to run away—”
Dean isn’t looking at him. He’s still running his palms over his skin, now gently pulling his arm closer, washing away the bruises like wiping away stains.
He shifts a little, fingers clenching around the vinyl. Charlie
“Like that’s
“You stupid bastard,” he whispers, and Castiel sucks in a breath. He didn’t know Dean was so close, but now—now Castiel can feel him, heat radiating over naked skin. Dean’s so close, so infuriatingly close—but the only touch is those soft fingertips, now tracing down Castiel’s spine.
Lilith raises an eyebrow.
Anna grips the blade tighter, struggling to see him through the smoke and haze.
Anna whirls on him, her eyes blazing.
Castiel extended a hand, and he and Mary Winchester walked into the afterlife together.
A small smile spreads across Luke’s face, and he turns to Dean, who has a horrified look on his face.
He's in his coffin.
Castiel moves forward, gently lowering his voice.
“I’ve known him since college," Charlie replies dryly.
Naomi’s eyes widen in shock. Her hand tightens imperceptibly, something dark and conflicted in her face as she stares down at him.
Anna whispers.
“I don’t know what he said to you,” Charlie whispers. “But I know he didn’t mean it, none of it.”
Castiel unashamedly shoos Anna towards the car not long after breakfast, and as he loads up the trunk, he tries to keep his thoughts neutral. He’s sure Dean is fine. There's nothing to worry about.
“Dean—” he gasps, as he’s shoved back against the wall.
Anna throws down her glass, laughing bitterly.
In the sharp cut of his black suit in the torchlit hall, Castiel looks so different from the figure Dean knows—lit by moonlight, his eyes as blue as the water of the lake.
Cas’s hand instantly finds Dean’s.
Her face immediately twists in shock and anger, and she yanks her hand from Cas’s, hissing.
He took one look at Hael’s body and his legs nearly gave out from under him. He barely made it three steps before he was heaving—vomiting up what little remained in his stomach.
“I’m walking out that door,” he blurts. “And please don’t follow me. Don’t.”
“Love you, Cas,” he mumbles softly. “Love you so much.”
“Who the hell is that?”
Castiel turns.
“Dude. What.”
When he gets no response, Cas sobers, looking back over at Dean. He’s still staring at Cas, and seems to be chewing his lip.
“You’re all shaggy.”
Cas huffs, but crosses his arms, glaring. He sets his jaw, looking at Dean through narrowed eyes.
The slide of the register drawer snaps him out of it, Castiel’s low voice rumbling out across the parlor’s main room.
Dean grins.
"How do you know that?"
We waited in vain for him to return. Waited, for years and years, while the world below changed and burned with unnecessary grief and war. The braver ones among us whispered, wondered how we could stand by and let such suffering continue. Those whispers were silenced with a look—sometimes painful warnings.
“This is not how it was written,” Alastair mutters.
She stares at him.
“What’s the matter?” Dean says, his eyes dancing. “Cat got your tongue?”
“You see ‘im do it?”
“Why did you join Abaddon?” He asks softly.
“What,” Dean says again, trying to keep his tone civil.
But the demon slams him to the ground, tightening its grip.
Anna pales.
Dean turns to stare at him. He's got to be joking.
He eventually gets frustrated and tosses the gun away from him, flopping back in his seat. He presses a finger to his temple, fuming. What the hell is he supposed to do now?
“Where’s Gabe?”
*Every chapter's title was inspired by a real-life
They fall quiet for a moment. Castiel lowers one hand, tracing patterns along the inside of Dean's arm.
He shrugs.
“Perhaps.”
“Dean—“
to each other, and I just—”
When Sam finally comes up for air, he manages a glance around, and frowns.
“Hollow?”
“Showoff.”
Sam growls, keeping his eyes fixed on Ruby, one hand on her neck.
"I'm sorry," she says softly. "I know it wasn't right."
“Don’t be such a fucking smartass,” he snarls.
“If you did this—“
“Next time you find a man advancing on you with murder in his eyes," Emmanuel says. "You might think differently.”
Dean slumps down further, the tips of his ears pink.
Castiel’s hand finds the blade and stands, gripping it so hard his hand starts to hurt.
Dean is staring at him with almost angry eyes, but Castiel can’t stop.
“Shit,” Sam says again. But Dean is suddenly rooted to the spot, his hand clenched on his beer.
Elkins scratches his chin, spitting in the dirt.
And then he kisses him.
Bela gives Anna a slight nod, once, so brief and tiny, she might have missed it.
But he can’t.
“So.”
Dean knows he’ll probably never pass through their tiny excuse for a town, but there is maybe a small part of Dean that hopes he'll be the one to capture the infamous Emmanuel. That Dean'll be the one to take him down.
It’s a long time before he tears his eyes away from the mirror.
The guy straightens, still chuckling as he sticks out a hand.
“And yet you took down the warding against us. Interesting.”
And then it's gone. When Castiel lifts his head, shakily opening his eyes, they’re dead. They’re all dead.
,” Charlie says placatingly. “But I thought, now that we’re here, and you saw the venue and it all felt real...you might rethink it.”
And I agreed.
“Don’t know,” he says. “She just said it was urgent.”
you, Castiel.”
Dean ignores him, realizing he’s moving forward, gravitating toward the man like he is the sun.
“What the hell are you doing in my car?”
“I wasn’t much better,” Cas admits.
Anna tightens her grip on the handle.
That seems to amuse the outlaw, and he tips his hat back, laughing. That stings Dean’s pride.
Zeke doesn’t ask her to elaborate, turning onto the highway.
It’s definitely been more than two weeks.
A slight smile creeps onto Anna's face.
“Thanks again, for letting me do this here, Andrea,” Dean says as he passes by her office.
“Happy?”
Charlie closes up the oven door, wiping her hands on her apron as she comes out towards Dean.
Dean scoffs, but Castiel crawls forward, one hand curling around Dean's chin, tipping his face up.
like a burn, but it can’t be. Because this is no accidental burn.
Dean stubbornly remains silent, his arms tightly crossed. Benny sighs.
“Shit,” he says slowly. Eileen frowns.
Emotions are running high. Everyone is running around in a flurry, stressed over the preparations for the ball tomorrow.
And he had seen those words, over and over. In the cemetery.
He stomps inside, muttering.
He swept her into his arms, and she had been stiff.
“Don’t seem surprised,” he finishes lamely.
Castiel can barely form the question before Sam appears, and they all jerk back again.
“Shh, shh.”
“We got an extra room for you. If you still need a place to crash,” he adds hastily.
He sinks back, shaking his head.
This is where you’ve been the whole time?”
No, no, god,
“We were in the janitor’s closet, okay? Because…um.”
Dean hunches over his phone, typing furiously.
wanders through Dean’s mind.
“Didn’t think to take his weapons, Gabriel?” He growls out.
“Me—what are
Castiel’s hand finds Anna’s wrist, her pulse beating frantically underneath the skin, warm, alive—
“I think it’s a grand choice,” Gabriel says, clapping Eileen on the shoulder. “The guy is well-worthy.”
Dean swallows, trying to find his voice to deliver his message. But he’s finding it difficult. Emmanuel is without his hat and his coat, vest open over his shirt. Dean clears his throat.
“That was terrible,” he remarks.
Dean chokes, turning bright red. Mary starts to stir in the sugar and cinnamon, waiting patiently for Dean to get his voice working again.
Dean whoops and follows him, and they weave and dance around each other, this moment only for them, under the beautiful expanse of the night.
“O...kay?” Dean says slowly, still not exactly sure where Cas is going with this.
She laughs, for real this time, barely able to choke out words.
"NO."
“What the hell is she doing here—”
“Here—“
Of course, it all gets shot to hell when the waiter comes back with a huge bottle of champagne.
“Try,” he says through gritted teeth.
“Naomi—she had finally crawled out of Hell, and the first thing she did was gun straight for you. Christ, you can’t have been more than six. She was going to
“That is a rather crude metaphor. But I suppose it is appropriate.”
, comes the reply, soft and choked.
“I don't give a damn what you do, Ruby. But fact of the matter is we’re losing time. Trail’s gettin’ colder every minute we have to stay here and convince this
Castiel toys with the chain around his neck, walking back towards the trees. After so many years, the sounds of the night are like music to him. The animals, the water, the rustling of leaves on the forest floor—even the moon has its own gentle hum.
Castiel shakes his head.
“Unbelievable,” he mutters. “To an injured man, I swear—”
There’s a slight drift of movement—a twisted black blade, its metal glowing slightly in the darkness.
“Dean,” Castiel repeats. “Dean.”
“Castiel, come help me.”
“Seriously.”
Uriel watches him go, Sam's figure shrinking into the darkness. He looks at Luke.
“And I didn’t even hesitate,” he whispers. “I—I just got in my car and started driving, I didn’t tell anyone, I just—“
“And I know I’m an idiot,” he says, tripping over the words a little. “But you tolerate me ‘cause I’m
There’s not much left of the safe but twisted metal. Emmanuel crouches down, peering inside. He reaches forward, pulling out a ragged bill that's smoking slightly. He tosses it to the side and starts pulling out the real prize—stacks and stacks of bills, tucking them into a white cloth bag.
“I still think you should tell him.”
He sees the bubbles pop up, and waits impatiently as Sam takes his sweet-ass time typing a reply. In the meantime, Dean opens up their group chat for the wedding, looking to see if anyone’s been added recently.
“Dean.” Cas puts a hand on his elbow, squeezing gently. “Relax.”
Alicia looks over in alarm, eyes widening.
“Hey, Sheriff,” he pants, fumbling at his pockets. “Can you shoot?”
She sounds surprised.
Dean trembles.
He wraps his fingers around the handle, but despite all his bravado, he can’t seem to bring himself to pull it open.
I couldn’t save Charlie. I have to save Sam. Even if that means taking revenge against those who caused this.
Dean swallows. He’s never seen Bobby quite so serious. It sends a chill down his spine.
“I like it.”
“Well, anyway. Nice place you got here.”
One last time.
, Sam.”
“Sheriff,” Castiel grunts out, grabbing at his arm, trying to pull him up. The other man sees and growls, shoving at Castiel.
“We have a while to figure it out,” he murmurs.
He rolls over and releases Dean, pulling the sheets back over himself into a tangled lump.
Dean huffs out a laugh, searching for Cas’s hand, threading their fingers together.
Anna and Gabriel freeze. They both stare at the angry red mark on his chest, speechless.
“Hey, Dean,” she says grinning from ear to ear. Dean smiles back, but is instantly suspicious.
“Come now, Castiel,” she commands. “Put that down.”
He grits his teeth. He's perfectly fine. He's not a goddamn child.
Sam rips its away, its eyes blazing like the sun.
Dean doesn’t let him finish—he’s gone before Castiel can harsh out any more false accusations, the table shaking violently as he disappears. Castiel stares at it, eyes sliding out of focus.
“No, no—
Castiel shoves him off, sending Dean staggering back. Castiel leaps up, circling around him. He flips the knife, grabbing the hilt and pointing the blade down. His brings his other hand up to guard, taking slow, even breaths.
“Strange, isn’t it.”
He figured it out a few miles back. With no conversation to overhear and the endless miles on the hot trail, there's little else for Dean to do but think. Dean might not have had much experience with outlaws firsthand, but he knows their type. Men who are only after one thing, and would do anything to get it. Money.
He signals the bartender, who pours him two beers.
“Hell certainly twisted your manners, boy.”
“Well, you know.” Dean shrugs. “You’re the writer, and all that.”
Dean tucks his hands in his pockets, his eyes wandering over to the table. It’s mostly littered with scraps of lore and Gabriel’s mess, but the angel smiles when he sees the half-drunk bottles.
“Guess we could head east, back up the cotton road.” He shrugs. “There’s plenty of towns we can hide in to lose him.”
Dean looks up, his mouth slipping open.
He knows the events of that night—the echoes of it still are bounding around the metal around him, the memories fresh in her mind, bleeding out of her in anguish. They wash over him in dark streams of choking fog, and Dean reels. His own sadness is doubled, multiplied a thousand times over again as he feels the pain from his ward’s mind hit his own, and they cry together on the stone floor.
“One little nick, and all that beautiful blood comes rushing out.”
She crosses her arms again, glancing towards him.
Sam bites his lip. Ruby softens slightly, her voice lowering.
"Me neither."
Dean stops, tapping his pen against his teeth. Then he straightens, poising his hand back over the page.
“I think...I think I might be in—”
Luke stops the gun with his foot, the metal hissing to a halt. Castiel’s heart drops.
Dean bites his lip, but pulls one of his less-pathetic drafts towards him and starts reading.
Then it hits him.
Castiel looked down at his hands, the means of his lonely burden.
“Out here ain’t no place for morals.”
“Dean. You’re here.”
Balthazar suddenly stiffens, turning his head.
There’s a peal of light laughter, and Dean squints again through his shades.
Bobby looks him up and down, his eyes shrewd. He might’ve aged, but he’s lost none of his wile.
The angel advances on him, laughing.
And then she’s gone, the echo of her shouts ringing around them.
“What do you mean?”
“Yeah, but it all worked out in the end,” Dean says, smiling.
Castiel bites the inside of his cheek.
<not your usual scene, huh?
Eileen and Alicia look away from the chair that had moved all on its own, deliberately glancing skyward.
She cocks her head, looking him up and down.
Anna. He has to find Anna.
“It’s been too long already,” Dean says quietly. “It’s not safe.”
Gabriel bolts up, placing himself squarely in between the two of them.
“Where are you going?”
“Like the gun?” Castiel asks, smirking.
Dean screws his eyes shut.
He doesn’t remember falling asleep, but when he wakes, the uneasy feeling is still there, a heavy pit in his stomach.
“I do not understand why you feel the need to interfere,” he says darkly.
“Don’t close your eyes.”
He scoffs.
Sam thinks for a minute, then slowly removes his suit jacket, loosening his tie. He smiles hesitantly.
Castiel glares at her. She looks around, at the old walls of the church around them.
“Dean,” he whispers, stroking his cheek. “Look at me. C’mon.”
Then, the officers.
“My mother taught me how to shift when I was very young,” he says. “I’ve had some time to practice.”
He rubs his temple, trying to block out the memory.
He blinks. What?
Nervous laughter escapes Castiel as he shakes his head.
He curls into himself, shaking.
Dean inhaled softly, watching them.
They’re silent for a minute.
, all right?”
Castiel tries to push himself up, his mind reeling.
Emmanuel pulls a knife from his belt, the sharp blade catching the light.
Castiel just smiles sadly at him.
But Ruby’s smile only grows.
Castiel grits his teeth.
Castiel bolts upright. But the motel room is the same around him. Still dark. Still empty. The only movement is the soft flutter of the curtains with the breeze outside.
Anna goes absolutely still. She doesn’t say anything, but her mouth tightens, her lips white.
He turns quickly, snatching his keys from the table.
“Well…tell him thanks. From all of us.”
“Have to agree with you there,” says a voice in his ear.
“I....don’t know,” he says carefully, which is only partly the truth. Sam hasn’t made any indication of whether this is something he thinks will last, but Dean knows him. And he can see the signs, so different than any of the other relationships Sam’s had in the past. This is going to have some staying power.
Sam is at their side in an instant, fighting to yell above the noise.
“Castiel,” he growls lowly.
Dean saw him and his face went pale.
He doesn't finish, just staring at him. Castiel clings to Dean's hands, shaking his head.
“Oh, I like him,” Mary says. “Handsome, too.”
She places a hand on his arm, her eyes softening.
“Never call me that again.”
“But you.”
She grimaces.
“He kidnapped Dean,” he says through gritted teeth. But Bobby doesn’t seem surprised.
“Wonderful!” Gabriel says, grinning. “My favorite topic.”
“Fine.”
There’s a rush of sound, the papers on the tables flying up in a whirl, and Dean is gone.
“And yeah, I had some doubts,” Benny says honestly. “What if we got married and everything changed? But…it’s as easy as breathing, man. One day you’re not married, then you are. And when you have the right one, you know. And from what I’ve seen with you and Cas…”
“Sheriff—Winchester—I know you don’t want to hear this—”
Dean’s elbow slips and lands on the keys with a discordant
He works slowly, a couple more strategic cuts, bathing some in holy water. He patiently waits out the demon's screams, and when it’s done, it hunches over in his chair, fixing him with hateful eyes.
Dean is hanging over him, quietly staring.
“What?” He snaps.
“Your brother made this, you say?” He asks.
“You lower your weapon so soon?” He tilts his head. “Perhaps I am your enemy.”
His other hand finds Castiel’s, and he holds it, closing his eyes.
he prays.
She extends her hand to shake. Sam looks down, but makes no move to take it.
Then he takes a shower. He spends a bit longer than he might usually, just in case Cas is in the mood for something else when he wakes up.
His hand moves, soft and light, up and over Dean’s, easing his thumb off the grip, loosening his tense fingers.
Dean slips in silently, and musters up a smile for anyone that looks his way. He takes care to stay well away from the Bergens.
“You’re not a coward.”
want him here, then he’ll respect her wishes. He doesn't believe it for one second—but he
“We ran a man off his land. There was no justice in it. Morgan told us the man was a wanted murderer. It was only afterward I found out he was lying through his teeth.”
Dean Winchester does not date. It’s a known fact. There have been attempts over the years, of course—Charlie keeps suggesting people to set him up with—but Dean can count the number of people he’s wanted to see a second time on one hand. He likes being alone, he likes his space, and whenever he’s in the mood, he can go out and find the temporary kind of love that leaves him sweaty and sated and exhausted.
Dean nods. The guy smirks.
He turns on his heel, storming towards the door.
Charlie coughs, sauntering over towards the bathroom door.
“And now I can’t fucking heal, can barely fly—”
“We might have to say a ritual or two. But I’ll be allowed to keep my magic.”
Dean glances around, intrigued by this strange community. This Castiel is by no means the eldest, but it’s clear they all look to him.
“Eileen—”
“Ah, ah, ah.”
Sent:
emblazoned underneath. And a reward for his capture, alive or dead.
Dean frowns, then his face flickers with understanding.
“Looking for this?” He asks smugly.
He has to see those bodies. More murders, so fast after Butler—it can’t be a coincidence. Sam needs to talk to this Chambers, to find out what he knows. If he can give Sam a clue, even just a hint of who had done it—
“I do not have time for this,” Crowley says, snatching up his papers. “The fitters will be here shortly.”
“She’s a little early,” Alicia says, frowning. “I thought the airport was farther than that—”
“Castiel.”
Dean slams his hands on the table. Castiel jerks out of his fog, blinking up at him.
“You know what must be done.”
He turns Chevre’s head, digging in his heels to coax her into a trot.
“For this. For all of this. Giving you no information, barely stopping to explain. For being so…distant.”
“Cas—“
Cas scowls at him, shaking his hand off. He looks Gabe up and down, taking in the white coat and the cowboy boots.
She crosses her arms and turns away from him, ignoring the strained silence in the room.
“And you.”
“Welcome!”
,” Castiel cries, shoving himself up, ignoring the stabbing pain in his arm.
“Shut up,” Charlie shoots back. “I’ll see you Saturday.”
“You know what I feel like?” Jess says suddenly. “Ice cream.”
“Yeah, well, she kinda asked me first. Sooooo, we’re engaged!”
“Then goddammit, Dean—” Charlie spreads her hands. “Fake it! For one night. It won’t kill you.”
“Let me go,” Castiel mumbles, his voice muffled. He struggles, trying to get his cheek off the wall. But Dean’s hands are like iron.
Dean pouts, but lets himself be manhandled into the front seat. As soon as Sam shuts the door he flops around, smiling goofily at Cas.
“Wow,” it says. “That was rude.”
“It’s…it’s too dangerous,” Dean says eventually, speaking to the ground. “We don’t know what we’re gonna find, hell—even we might not be able to handle it, and with Lilith still after us—“
“I can’t just give up, I can’t just let him—“
He has to get out.
A vampire had nearly ripped Anna’s throat out—it had her pinned, and Castiel was too far away—but then Dean had blazed in, fury in his eyes and his fist glowing white. He smote the one of top of Anna, throwing its smoking body aside—then got righteously pissed and took out the entire nest. Castiel thinks he saw stars for at least thirty minutes afterwards.
“You’ve already been,” she shouts back. “Why don’t you tell me how it was!”
Ruby quickly steps in front of Sam, smiling sweetly.
“Yes,” Castiel says, bumping their noses together. “You should have.”
“Oh, well, don’t you worry!! I’m sure I could find a place for such a nice couple as yourselves,” she coos, suddenly all smiles and sweetness.
“Nothing happened to me.”
Lilith smiles wider, blind to Anna’s fraying bonds.
With his human sight, Dean is no less dazzling. Having him so near will be dangerous for Castiel’s concentration, but he needs him, at least for the final part of the incantation.
“Nailed it,” Gabriel whispers.
She whinnies in agreement, flicking her ears.
Dean ain’t sure when he decided to do it, but in six swift steps he’s closed the distance between them, taking hold of Emmanuel’s lapels and shoving him back against the wall of one of the ruined cabins. Emmanuel snarls, in surprise as much as anything, his hat tumbling from his fingers. Dean looks him dead in the eye, and slips a thigh between his legs, grinding forward.
He turns as best as he can, looking over his shoulder with difficulty. The dark-haired one is standing there, cool as anything, Gabriel and Anna at his back. Hull steps forward.
Cas merely raises an eyebrow.
Dean's never gone back on a promise before. He ain't gonna start now.
Castiel's starting to think maybe he's schizophrenic, or that he dreamed the whole thing up. Anna and Gabriel certainly seem to think so.
“Talk to you later, Sammy,” he says, standing and reaching for the scrying glass. Sam snorts.
Ruby smiles.
“Something a lumberjack would do?” Dean says scathingly.
“Tell us the tale, Jo!” Someone cries.
There’s no trace of the animosity from before—Cas spent the last three days actually getting to
The two of them continue to badger him all through the meal, and by the time Gabriel’s spoon is scraping the bottom of the pot, Castiel has had enough. He grabs the bowl they set aside for their captive and stands, walking over to the still figure.
Anna props her cheek on her hand, giving him an impressive bitchface.
Martin snorts, turning back to his cot again. “Sure was. And you can bet he got the biggest share. And he was shaking down all the passengers, robbing the poor people….” He lets out a whistle. “Surely wasn’t no even split, I’ll tell you that.”
Castiel sits back, blinking a little. Yeah, he did. What was that, almost ten years ago—?
He stands, dragging his hands through his hair.
Dean presses his head down into the pillows, his naked body gleaming in the dim light of the room, curving up invitingly to Castiel’s touch. Castiel crawls slowly towards him, his heart pounding.
Dean turns his head slightly, smiling at him.
them to be at his beck and call. They're busy, after all. Dean's still 'on the run and badass', as he puts it, and Sam is doing the whole double agent thing—giving false leads to Lilith and reporting back on Heaven's actions so the Remingtons can stay one step ahead of them.
“When I die. I mean, I…I went to Hell before, and I’m not exactly the most innocent—“
“Thank you, Dean,” he says softly. “For tonight.”
Gabriel shakes her.
“What?”
“If I make it too heartfelt, people will be bored, and then if I make jokes, it’ll sound too flippant, but I know everyone will expect me to go with jokes, because I’m Dean, and that’s what I do—”
It’s the first day he’s been strong enough to get out of bed. The last remnants of their…bond, whatever sort of control Abaddon had on him—it held Castiel in its grip for nearly four days. It took its toll, as her poisonous darkness slowly leeched out of him, almost like withdrawl, draining Castiel of his strength and leaving him empty.
"Thank you, Dean."
Dean swallows, nodding shakily.
Castiel grits his teeth.
There’s a few hoots and hollers, of course—but no one
“Touchy touchy,” he mutters.
“Or we’ll try that angel banishing sigil that we found in Gabriel’s books.”
Castiel breaks his phone in half, letting it drop into the river below him.
And eventually, Castiel needs to steal the label maker again.
But they’re no longer the soft green that have haunted Castiel’s nights—they’re shining in a rainbow of silver and gold, and as Dean rocks up against him, hands slipping over his back, Castiel thinks he sees Dean, really
Sam quickly shakes his head.
“She knew you,” he says. “She called you by your name. I didn’t realize it before.”
Naomi is frozen, hands over her mouth. Anna is crying.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers. Sam huffs, wiping at his eyes.
“Finally, must’ve been out there for ages—”
“Holy crap,” she whispers. “I sentenced the world to die.”
He covers the body back up, much to Sam’s relief. Chambers glances at him.
“It’s been, like, literally ten minutes,” comes the sarcastic reply.
He falls back into his chair, rubbing his face with his hands.
“Mrs. Mills didn’t tell you?” He squeaks out. The principal smiles.
She pulls Dean up, leading both him and Emmanuel to the door. She makes some noises about bein' a lady, about keeping gentlemen far away from her bedroom—and sees both of them into the hall, pausing in the doorway. She stands on her toes and pats Dean on the cheek, before placing a kiss there. Dean steps back, the place where her lips touched burning.
Dean boils, thrusting up against the grip.
He blinks and takes in the dark room, the floor in front of him, and—
“I know.
But Dean can understand why. Charlie’s Poison Ivy outfit is perfect down to a T, and it doesn’t help that he’s dressed as Batman. Not his choice, by the way. Alicia had tossed two jumpsuits at him and Sam when they both claimed to not have anything to wear. He might’ve wrestled Sam for the Batman one, but who wouldn’t? Way better then being Spiderman.
Finally he sees it, a darkened tavern with a rusty sign, squeaking slightly in the wind.
“And you really think this will be any different?” Alastair sneers.
“We think…we think it was the grace. He let it get out, without control, which is the one thing we’re told never to do.” She laughs humorlessly. “Dean never did like following rules, though.”
“Tell me right now, Balthazar.” Castiel lifts his pathetic excuse for a knife, pointing it at him. “Or I’ll force it out of you.”
“I think I know someone that can help us.” Castiel sighs. “Hopefully.”
“Does that feel good?”
“Don’t worry,” Dean interjects. “I’m sure we’ll all be able to bear the loss.”
“She’ll probably be able to make it.”
Dean shoves his hand off, glaring at him. The outlaw just tips his hat, turning away. Dean stubbornly refuses to move as the rest of them saddle up, pulling themselves up onto their horses. Dean's horse tosses her head nervously, almost as if she’s as bewildered by all of this as he is.
Anna raises the knife, and Castiel has to turn away, the taste of bile in his mouth.
Too early, not enough weight—her tiny lungs struggling to breathe in a world she was forced into too soon.
He looks so earnest, so sincere, and Dean can't help but believe him.
“And this is…Charlie,” Dean says, squinting at her nametag. He pulls a face. “You goin’ by Charlie now?”
But the shorter man doesn’t even look at him. He just jerks his head, off towards his right.
Dean squeezes his fingers gently.
Anna shrugs.
“We gotta get to the hills!” He yells to Sam.
"I guess, a little. But he’ll come round. He just worries, y'know. But to tell you the truth—" Dean leans in, smirking. "I think he had fun."
Castiel looks over. One of his neighbors, the stupidly hot one that’s he’s seen a couple times, also checking his mail, arguing with someone over the phone wedged underneath his ear.
But Emmanuel isn't forthcoming, and eventually the woman purses her lips, slipping off her seat. She makes her way towards Dean, placing a hand on his arm.
“You’re right,” Castiel interrupts fiercely. “I don’t.”
“Oh,” Castiel says.
Dean chuckles, pushing at Cas’s arm.
“Well, I’m Robert—but call me that and I’ll have your hide. Bobby.”
Gabriel carefully folds up the yellowed paper, tucking it away in his pockets.
“Now, I know it’s the last thing you want to do, but—”
“This is dumb,” he stutters, eyes darting about. “You always know what you want, I don’t know why I brought this.”
Castiel can’t bring himself to speak. His whole body is frozen. His mind is in shock.
“I’m sorry.” He takes a step back. “I’m sorry.”
Emmanuel glances briefly over his shoulder, his face unreadable.
“What are you going to do, Alastair?”
“And what about my star?” He asks. Gabriel shrugs.
“Do me a favor, Sheriff," he says. "Don’t miss."
“No.”
“Hmm?”
“—don’t think it’s a good idea.”
”Damn,” he breathes.
“No, no. Not yet, anyway.”
“Squeaky clean,” Dean murmurs, brushing his fingers over the tip of Cas’s cock.
“The little thief?” The man chuckles. “Don’t worry. We took care of him.”
He lowers his voice.
“Um. Hello.” Dean peers at it. “What do you want?”
Dean is standing at the end of the platform, in his sleep pants and shirt. He looks so different out of his uniform. Softer. More like himself.
“You will break, Castiel.”
Nobody moves a muscle. Dean is utterly still, his mouth hanging open.
Castiel gives him a death glare, but takes the bottle and dry swallows two pills.
It’s no use. The arrow’s in too deep. If he pulls it out now, he’ll surely die.
“I said the same thing,” Emmanuel says wryly. Dean purses his lips.
Sam counts out the exact amount and places it on the counter, not bothering to stay for the teller's confirmation. Ruby’s waiting for him.
"But did he really think he wouldn’t be able to meet someone on his own? For love?”
It’s a repetitive pattern. Get up at the crack of dawn, ride all day, stop occasionally, for water, for food, to piss. Dean’s getting tired of life on the road. His back aches, there are constant blisters on his palms, no proper meals—and the smell. It seems constant, unavoidable, and no amount of distance between himself and Gabriel seems to help. They resolutely avoid towns—Dean is starting to forget what it feels like to sleep in a bed. Right now, there’s something digging into his back, a rock or a stick or maybe it’s this damned uneven ground—but either way, he can’t get comfortable. At least, not on this scrap of cloth Gabriel said passed for a rollaway.
Castiel curses himself, his hands shaking.
“Sheriff,” he says. “You’re with Gabe.”
Dean sneers.
He learned from the best. So he’s going to loosen a demon’s tongue—find Naomi and kill her for good.
“Shabby,” he purrs.
Castiel smiles, but it's sad.
The man in black comes over, looking up at Dean.
Anna screams at him, but Castiel runs outside into the pouring rain, to see Dean crouched in the grass, hands clutching desperately at the ground.
His face is shining, and he's laughing, probably at Dean's hesitation.
“You’re an idiot.”
“I understand you were a student of my Naomi. Shame. I rather liked her.”
Dean eyes him for a minute, then shrugs, pulling a cocky grin.
“The book!” Dean says, growing agitated. “Your fairy tales.”
Dean looks at her outstretched hand for a moment, then covers it with his own, taking the ring.
“Well. Here you are, Dean,” Castiel murmurs.
Luke realizes it a second after Castiel. He whips his head around—but he’s too late—Dean is already right there, seizing Luke and slamming him to the ground.
After a while, Sam extinguishes the candle and retires too. Dean is still up, staring at the stars through the window.
“What if Gabriel—“
“Screw God, and screw his apocalypse,” she says, fire burning in her eyes. “We’re taking the fight to them.”
The next day finds Gabriel settled in one of the cabin’s larger rooms, safely ensconced with his books and his snark.
Dean holds him, still speaks to him, refusing to believe.
“Fair enough, brother,” he drawls, turning his palomino. “Lead on.”
Dean has to dodge a few more courtiers as he tries to get back to his room, struggling to remember his way in the strange new castle.
“He’s young,” she says, simpering. "But he’s quick.”
Sam stands immediately, and Dean moves to his side, clenching his fists.
“What was it like?” He asks finally. Anna shrugs.
“Sorry. I just...need to focus.”
“Where the
Emmanuel pushes back the dark hair from his forehead, skin sweaty and pale. He places a shaky hand on the bedpost and uses it to stand, legs wavering.
Castiel watches her for a minute, but then stands, leaving behind Joshua. He sits down next to her.
Cas grins and punishes him with more sloppy kisses, but Dean supposes, as Cas kisses him again, that isn’t really a punishment at all.
“Do I get a hug too?”
, Dean thinks as he continues to listen.
He smiles apologetically.
Alicia comes up behind Charlie and slips her arms around her waist, propping her chin on her shoulder.
“Get behind me,” she whispers.
Dean doesn’t answer. He just smiles.
Sam leans over Emmanuel and gets to work.
“Of course not,” Dean says airily. “I refuse to be part of that. No one should be forced to get married.”
At Dean’s (presumed Sam’s) silence, Cas pushes his way through a clump of people and sits himself next to Dean, squinting at him. Dean keeps his mouth clamped tightly shut, trying not to give anything away. The mask, he knows, hides most of his face, but he’s still worried he might do something to instantly tip Cas off. Hell, they know each other well enough by this point.
Anna’s voice—coming from somewhere to his right—and he runs toward the sound, dodging the burning beams of wood, skidding to a halt when one falls in his path, barely missing him. He scrambles over it, Anna finally coming into view. She’s crouched in the corner, and she’s got her arms around something, no,
The man growls, clutching his nose.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
He exits the platform, quickly disappearing into the crowd.
>Hello.
She quiets, nodding sheepishly. She lingers at the door, then turns, drowning him in a hug again. Castiel huffs and squeezes back, ruffling her hair as they part.
what’s she’s doing. Dean considers running.
“Yeah, it’s great,” Cas starts rambling. “All the proceeds go to benefit people in need, you know. Who are hungry.”
Castiel frowns, pressing it to his ear.
The spell’s got its claws in her now, but she’s weakening, and they can’t hold this much longer—
It’s always gone in the morning.
And the demons are dust.
Her fingers dig into the beads, and they cut painfully into his skin, straining against their cord. Castiel weakly shakes his head.
“Fuck off,” Anna snarls.
Dean comes up next to him at the curb, looking at his phone.
There’s a man standing in his kitchen, looking around with an impressed interest.
Dean’s mouth goes dry.
“I hope so.”
you?”
He shrugs.
Dean drops his hand, breathing in deep. He closes his eyes for a moment, then attempts to push himself up again, wobbling as another stabbing pain shoots through his head.
Dean looks at him sharply.
“Sorry, Sam,” she says, almost sweetly. “It slipped my mind. Honest.”
"It’s foolproof—we have the blade, we open the portal—we can force Abaddon back in. No apocalypse, no nothing. The whole plan short circuits!”
“Well, I hate to break it to you, Dean, but you're no picnic yourself.” Dean’s face twists, and his mouth opens, but Cas cuts him off.
“I’m here for you,” he says softly. “You know that, right?”
“So, uh.”
Dean nearly folds over when Castiel starts using his mouth.
He must’ve slid down on the arm of the chair in his sleep, and he sits up quickly, a throbbing ache shooting through his back. He looks over to the bed. The dark outline of Dean’s form is still, only the steady rhythm of his breath indicating any sign of life. Castiel frowns, looking at his watch. It had barely been half an hour.
Dean’s smile is ecstatic, his beautiful eyes shining.
“This isn’t the Sam I know,” Dean grits out. “You’re different."
“Goddammit—“
“And I guess…that’s what did it,” Charlie says. “It was strong enough to vaporize Abaddon and a room full of demons.”
"Sure am," he answers, smiling. "Well—"
“She would have killed me—“
Charlie gives him The Look, the one specifically reserved for Dean’s Bullshit.
Charlie raises one shoulder, looking utterly unconcerned.
The bastard has got another goddamn thing coming.
“It’s yours.”
Dean swallows.
It’s something that he could take care of with a spell or two, but Castiel finds the manual labor rewarding. And it’s also a great gift to work next to Dean, sweating in his undershirt in the sun, shoulders tan and gloriously freckled.
Dean twists closer to him, dragging his hands through the dark strands. Castiel shivers as Dean noses against his cheek.
Dean holds out his hand, and Castiel takes it.
“What do you think’ll happen at dinner tonight?” Sam asks. “With both of them in the same room?”
When it’s over, the wound is sealed, sticky blood congealing around the fresh burn.
Dean throws himself back on the cot, turning his face to the wall. The jailer’s laughter rings in his ears for long after.
He sinks his head in his hands, his thoughts reeling.
“Hmm,” he says. “Could be.”
The one good thing about stupid rich Michael is the amazing seats he got them—they’re practically right up against the glass—a completely different experience from his usual position on his couch, shouting at the TV with Anna.
“Already there, Sheriff,” he murmurs.
“So. What’s the deal?”
He buries his face in his arm, biting at his sleeve. He doesn’t know if she’s watching, but if she is—shit—she could appear any moment and obliterate him—and Castiel can’t let that happen—he can’t—
And then he’s kissing him. Castiel makes a small noise of surprise, but then melts into it, soft lips warm against his. His other hand comes to grip Dean’s shirt, and he breathes his name into his mouth, secretive and soft.
Anna makes a soft wounded noise, scrabbling at Naomi’s hold.
“Oh! Oh—I mean—oh.”
But it’s empty.
"I'm assigned to a milk run job, to pick up an angel vessel. Barely worth my time. I send some of my less hopeless demons, and
She leans forward, propping her chin up on her hands.
The man helps him back on his feet and gives him a shy smile. Castiel’s cheeks flush.
Sam lifts an eyebrow.
He slowly hands it back without a word. Ruby takes it, tucking it into her pocket.
“It’ll be fine," she says. "I know it—Dean’s probably found him already, and the blade, and they'll be back any minute—“
Anna sits heavily on a couple of stacked crates, leaning back against the steel wall.
But they already have.
“We’ll get it out of you soon enough.” He straightens. “You’ll talk. They all do eventually.”
“Hold on and don’t let go!” He snaps, ignoring her question. Anna’s face drains of color, and swallows, nodding slowly.
Ruby is gone.
She bends down low, whispering cruelly in his ear.
Surprisingly, Castiel does. He blinks, slightly stunned at Dean’s words.
“You boys done squabbling?”
Gabriel nearly topples over in his chair again.
“Nothing.” He laughs a little. “You just don’t seem the type.”
“He alright in that big house up there?”
“Now,” Mary says. “The ring.”
“His mother died when he was young…”
Dean is already bolting towards the bedroom, yelling over his shoulder.
“We’re about to get on a tin can of death and go hurtling through the air at over 500 miles per hour, and you want me to
Gabriel’s eyes light up.
He glances over at Anna, who’s now wiping her hands on a clean towel, watching them.
“Thank you, Sam.”
The smile drops off Sam’s face.
“Cas—“
Something cold touches the side of his face and Dean jumps, jerking away from the touch.
“Then I will insist they string me up right beside you.” Dean felt the tears spill over and Castiel kissed them away, “I will tell you this everyday of your life. I will let you know that you aren’t alone everyday of your life and that I will stay.”
Castiel felt like he could die in embarrassment. “Oh my god.”
"Too many?"
“Dean, how is Bobby?” Ellen asked in a friendly tone.
"Well don't laugh okay." Cas took a deep breath, "I want to work as a healer."
Dean rolled his eyes at the idiot. “Well no shit. I meant where you wanna run
He looked down at the French braid he had made absentmindedly. "I used to do Jess and Jo's hair before they went to school."
Jo beamed, “I thought you would never ask.” She ran to the closet and came out a large box draped in canvas. The first one she pulled out was the original painting of Castiel that she had done. She had clearly edited it a bit, his jawline was sharper and his eyes were now glowing. It still was breathtaking to him.
“Hell yes,”  he turned his head motioning for them to walk out the door. “So this sucks, now she is gonna be nursing a hangover all morning.”
“Ew Dean, gross.” Sam gagged, “I thought you had a rule about the kitchen.” Castiel wanted to bury his head in the sand and die. His eyes flicked to the oven and debated that as the alternative. He tried to pull away but found himself stopped by Dean’s hands around his waist.
Castiel tried a reassuring smile, “although it is weird you painted me it is very beautiful yes.”
"We work in the freaking mines genius."
Aunt Jody grabbed a slice of pizza from the take out box, “I like Dean a lot.”
“From my perspective there was no fondling of his rear area. Although I did notice Jo admiring Dean’s physique as Kevin retrieve his breath.” The voice came from above and caused at four of them to jump, even Kevin.
Dean felt all tingly from being plucked, waxed and scrubbed for an hour. His designer, Crowley, had been arguing with Jo’s stylist on how to present them. He was strongly on the other man’s side. No way was he going to wave his junk on live television purely for sponsors.
“Well, you never know,” Charlie shrugged. She flashed a look at Jo that the other girl didn’t notice. It was gone before Castiel could understand it. “It’s not exactly like there is anybody else who could be interested in me, may as well try with the girl who is giving me the time of day.”
Dean reached out to wrap his arms around Castiel's back, pulling him close. Their half-hard cocks nuzzled between their bodies, and a frisson of pleasure spiraled up Castiel's spine. His ass ached, still open from Dean's fingers. Castiel bit his lip and wormed a hand between them, wrapping his fist around Dean's cock.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean waved him off.
Charlie gave him an awkward smile when he walked out. “I had a lot of fun that night, too. But I feel like I should tell you, though. You know I'm gay, right?”
At this point, he knew the drill. Castiel took the note and slipped it into his pocket, pulling Dean down for a short kiss. Bella huffed and walked off. Dean smiled and kept walking.
“Oh my god,” Dean shook his head and groaned. “What Bella and I had is completely separate from you and me,” he says.
“Do I have to do this?”
The first bell rang as Jo ran into the room and sat down in the seat on the other side of Castiel, “Castiel Novak I am feeling very betrayed.”
“Yeah?” Dean said in confusion.
Dean wondered as Jo dragged him to the fishhook station.
“Bitch.”
I hope this chapter answered the confusion over John killing himself. I actually hate Mr. Winchester so please, come share the hatred with me even if it is just for one story. Also next chapter will be a while but I AM NOT DROPPING THIS STORY I SWEAR! Tune in next time for pain :)
“I’ve seen him reading it every day since he got it, used to be all dopey and pleased with himself when he did. Nowadays he gets this sad expression over his face when he does nowadays.”
“Crap nuggets?”
She pouted, “shame. I figured it would get the incest point off my rice purity score. Ya know, since you’re like a brother to me.”
It must have been visible because Dean sobered up. He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Seriously man,” he said, “you can’t even be near me without looking like you hate me. What’s the real reason you’re here?” Castiel opened his mouth to reply but Dean cut him off, “and don’t just say it’s cause Sam sent you. I know you don’t do anything you don’t want to do.”
Dean shrugged noncommittally, “Maybe.” That was the best Castiel figured he could ask for.
Turns out he wasn’t. He was also absolutely horrible at trying to be unnoticeable. It was halfway into his fire building training session when the redhead, Charlie, over to talk to him. “Heya Dean. You know me?”
Thank you to all of you who have stayed with me through till the end. After this story, I am taking a break because I have finals for my college courses. After that though, I will be back with my next fic which will be a one-shot (not related to this universe.) Follow my Tumblr apolloclover for updates on my writing and to request fics/give me prompts for other things.
“That’s not fair,” he objected. “When we started this thing, you liked Milton.”
As he landed a hand went around his mouth and pulled him deeper, a knife to his throat.
“And you Krissy?”
"Dean, Dean! Shhh. It is okay. You are okay. It is safe." A low voice rumbled in his ear. He looked up in panic, his eyes making contact with the sky. No, not that sky. It was Cas.
District 7 - Samandriel
“Aunt Jody please, for my sake. Stop talking. I promise you I haven't forgotten the speech you gave last night. And the night before.” Michael just hugged him tighter in response.
Michael was surprised. “But you hate skiing.”
she had said to him in response,
Sighing in defeat, Castiel took out his phone to send out a quick message.
Dean was ignored again as the other boy stuck a knife in the fire. He held up the glowing hot knife and stared at Dean with a grim expression.
Then the lights hit his eyes, blinding Dean momentarily so he couldn’t take in his surroundings. The timer was already counting down, “60, 59, 58.” He could see at 56 seconds and he looked around the clearing they were in. It was clearly a rainforest, what with the heat and excessive greenery. The capitol must have cleared the area for them to place the cornucopia. The people next to him were about four meters away. From what Dean could tell they were Anna and Naomi He looked around, searching for Jo anxiously.
"I just assumed you two were seeing each other. But apparently not."
Jo watched her go, grinning. Charlie tugged on her coat sleeve. “Why didn’t you say so from the beginning?” Charlie whispered in a tone low enough for just the four of them to hear.
“Well Castiel over here bet that Dean would get tired of him before a year’s time was up.”
"Oh my god…" It burned, it was also warm, and it was wet, and he was tingling. He felt it from his head to his toes. Dean was fucking him. Dean's cock was moving inside him. Castiel closed his eyes and moaned, “fuck that’s good.”
The day before valentine's day was when he completed his first draft. The story ended with Jensen and Jared finding their father and then being hit by a car driven by the demon who they were hunting. Unlike his trashy romance novels, Castiel was really proud of this one. A quick word count check said that they were at nearly the length of deathly hallows.
Castiel found himself looking at the wine curiously. His brother was constantly getting drunk and going to parties, but Castiel had always been uninterested. He wondered what ‘being tipsy’ was like. All he knew was what he had learned from his brother for his novels, and he wondered if being drunk himself would make it easier for him to describe being tipsy in his novels. Before he knew it, his mouth was speaking before he could stop himself.
“Okay, I'm not telling you this to make you feel bad, but, Castiel, I'm 11 and I
In between kisses, he says, “It’s past curfew. We should go back inside.”
“Fifty cents add up,” Castiel reminded him.
When Dean pulls away, he’s smiling. “Night, Angel.”
“New addition to the contract, you make this pie for me for every fake anniversary.”
“Yeah Kev?”
“Jo, you aren’t in this class,” Castiel hissed under his breath, “what are you doing here?”
A whoosh of breath left Dean's lungs. His fingers pulled halfway out of Castiel's loosened ass, his lips descending to Castiel's lower back and pressing a kiss there.
Dean put down the letter in the drawer and could feel his bottom lip trembling. He was the reason that Castiel had sacrificed himself. He was why Cas felt unnecessary and a waste of space. He was the reason why Castiel was no longer with him and Sam.
The pain in his side was a lot but not enough to not notice Castiel’s hand underneath his ass. He also had plenty of enough mobility to see Jo fighting off a hoard of hounds the were catching up to them. He tried to grab for his blade, ignoring the biting pain in his side. He struggled weakly to get out of Castiel’s arms. “Cas w- we, we gotta, go help her.” A flare up of pain caused him to gasp.
Castiel was soon at the slopes, all geared up. As he tried to click into my skis, a group of girls from school walked by in cute yoga-ish ski pants. He didn’t even know those existed.
moaning in a crime.”
Dean looked at himself on the television in horror as he volunteered to take Sam’s place. “Geez, was I really that desperate looking?” He asked Jo.
For the next couple of weeks it was a cycle of avoiding Dean, going to class, avoiding fans trying to talk to him about his book, going home. He heard back from a couple more schools he had applied to but he just threw those letters in the trash can. Duke University had one of the best pre-med programs in the country and an 85% acceptance rate into med school. It would be foolish to consider other options.
Dean coughed, “do you mind if I get something to drink?” Castiel just waved him off as he kept eating. He looked up and noticed the world seemed to be moving just half a second slow. Must be the alcohol. Dean sat down with a glass with a little bit of amber liquid swimming around in it and started to eat his scampi. He wondered what it would taste like.
“No, I'm okay.” Castiel waved him off. He rubbed at his eyes trying to get rid of the last of the fuzz.
“I don’t know. She was a minute ago.”
“Thank you Sam.” Castiel nodded. Then he discreetly gestured to the person under the bed, “anybody I know?”
“What if I don't want to work on anything because I have a weak arm. Or because I am just too stupid to figure out how those bow thingies work." Dean gestured to the guy from district six, Gordon, who was failing wonderfully at shooting anything but the person next to him.
"Shit." He took off running, not bothering to listen to see if Cas was following.
“Bella and I are in a really weird place right now.” Dean continued speaking, “also I’m not gay, so I don't know what you hoped to accomplish--whoa!” Castiel had stopped focusing as his world got dizzy. Black swirling in his vision until eventually, it was all he could see.
“What!” Alfie protested, “it's the truth!”
“Damn,” Jody cursed and she swept up the rest of the cards to reshuffle. “So what's the score? Alfie 10, Cas and I zero?” She expertly dealt out cards to them.
"Try not to scream please."  There was a burning pain and then everything went dark
The next chapter is pure smut and almost no plot so I'm gonna post it tomorrow. I apologize in advance for how bad it is.
“Don’t ‘Dean’ me Cas. Just say thank you and let me pay for it. It’s like, 20$ for six boxes.” Castiel frowned at that but Dean just grabbed the cart and swapped out the Walmart boxes for his fancy brand. “Come on, I wanna see if they have any fresh pie in the bakery.”
It was longer than the one he had planted on Dean yesterday and much more effortless than he had been in his panic. Castiel had to admit that, when Dean was actively participating in it, kissing it wasn’t horrible.
“Sorry?” Castiel asked, affronted.
“Whatever, I will in the morning.” They sat in silence for a while before Dean remembered what was nagging at him the day before. “Hey Cas?”
“I never miss your party man,” Dean grinned.
“Fine, but you have to pick up my cousin, brother, and I and drive us to school.”
Dean laughed, “so you confused them with your genius pretty much?”
"She is on the opposite side. I can't reach her tree on time. These hounds are getting clever."
Charlie was looking at something on Dean’s waist. “When did you get that?” He looked down to where Naomi had nicked him with the knife. There was a deep gash and Charlie looked nauseous.
“Dean!” Called Jo’s voice. Panic filled Dean. Where they being attacked?
However, when he ran the idea by Anna she suggested making it a team because a team against the world always struck a chord with readers. Then, he had talked to Charlie, she had suggested making them heroes fighting the supernatural because everyone liked a good story about heroes. When he talked to Jo she suggested making everyone just sad and killing every single character. For some reason, none of their suggestions surprised him.
Aunt Jody smiled at him with tears welling up in her eyes. “That's Road & Track, it doesn't sound that interesting, but if you stick with it…” Jody cut herself off with a choked laugh and pulled him into a hug, “Come here kid.”
“Not an animal person?” A young voice asked Castiel
Castiel could only imagine how the conversation with Anna would go. “Oh yeah, that letter explaining about how I think about running my fingers through your hair and falling asleep next to you and how I’m in love with you is totally fake. Just me practice writing for my novels. What? It specifically mentions traits that are about you so it sounds like I actually
He thought the parachute coming was probably more surprising than Kevin's death, and that was sad. He reached out an arm for it while keeping one wrapped around Jo. Cas and Charlie broke the tree line once he had it in his grasp.
As she was escorted out of the room a small boy ran in and punched Dean in the gut, “ouch Sammy. What the hell?”
"Well, is it working?"
Dean searched his eyes but, even still, pushed. Castiel felt the resistance of his body giving way – and then there was a slow, wonderful burn of it, up and up and up.
"Why the hell not though." You have your friends to get back to and I am a total stranger. Saving me from the careers is one thing but this?" He gestured to his wound. "Also helping us find Jo and Kevin. Getting the careers off our backs long enough for me to hide. Keeping watch once I fell asleep." Castiel looked away but Dean put a finger under his chin and brought him back to eye level. "Cas, we are not even your allies. We aren't worth it." Then Dean added as an afterthought, "I am not worth it."
“That we run?”
“You haven’t already eaten the entire bowl yet?” Dean teased as he sat down across from him.
Dean looked around for things they could use against the monsters and then it dawn on him. Fire. If they could somehow get something really flammable they would be able to set the clearing ablaze.
“In case I put my phone down, it's suspicious if we aren’t each other's backgrounds. Now smile.” He held up his phone and Castiel gave him a small grin. The flash went off.  A small group of sophomore girls walked by their car. One pointed to Dean and the rest started giggling.
Dean pouted, “can I not be king?”
“THE PLACE WE SPENT THE NIGHT AT WHEN WE FIRST GOT TOGETHER.”
The boy wrapped his arms around Dean in a hug. "I would trust you with my life, just like Jo."
Cas cracked a small smile but then went serious. "I will have to call my lawyer and I want three copies and a draft of the documents stat. Do any of you have a pen?"
Cas creased his eyebrows, “how do you mean?”
She nodded and looked over his shoulder at Cas, "don't worry. It isn't just you. I can tell." With that message she turned and deftly scrambled up the tree.
Yeah the silent conversation wasn't very informative. Or a conversation.
She stared open mouthed at him before swinging a punch which he deftly ducked before running towards the trees. Dean had to dodge Naomi throwing a dagger his way but was a little too slow. He continued running to the trees, only turning around long enough to see Michael pulling his blade out of Anna. The light bounced off of the red of her blood, mirroring her hair. He turned and kept running, searching for Charlie.
Jo and Kevin are still missing, are they okay?
"Yes."
Castiel frowned at that, “I can back out of this any second.”
The pack was a sky blue color which Dean liked quite a bit for some reason. He opened it up and Charlie sorted through. She took out a thermal blanket, a sleeve of crackers, a water bottle, some thread, some nylon rope, a package of bread (Charlie says is from district four), and some iodine. Dean showed her the bottle, matches and lighter he grabbed. He took the bow, it was silver, and the twelve arrows, handing them so her. “I am crappy with those things.”
“Nope. I ate them all.”
She pulled out the next one, it was a picture of Charlie. She was surrounded by computers, practically buried in them. She was clearly typing something away on the computer in front of her, and the keyboard has some magical whisps around them and the cords seemed to also be magical.
“No, Mr. Novak. Of course it is Charlie.”
Dean was taking back any critics he had against Charlie being a psychic. The river flowing in front of them was surrounded by bootprints heading upstream. The footprints belonged to two men and a woman for about ten yards before one of the men had left the riverbank, presumably to head off somewhere. The prints were all relatively fresh so they would have had to been walking while Dean and Charlie were asleep.
disappointed in him-ow!” Gabe rubbed the back of his head where Jody had whacked him.
“Yes you are,” Alfie said from next to them. Castiel looked over to see his cousin holding a box standing next to Sam Winchester holding a manilla envelope of his own.
The look of horror on Dean’s face was comical. “I do not care how broke you are. The Ghirardelli brownie mix is only fifty cents more a box, and they taste terrific.”
Dean nodded. "I will." He held Castiel by the hips and drove forward, eased back, drove forward a little more, eased back. His movements were slow and practiced. Castiel tried not to think about how he got that practice, deciding instead to lose himself to the pleasure.
"Well what
“I’ll ask again, what’s up?” Castiel shrugged and decided to get it over with.
“I’m kind of offended Castiel, is my company really that torturous?”
"Why do you care if I live? If I die you are one person closer to home. I don't see the logic here."
Dean froze and looked at him with a blank expression, but anybody that knew Dean could see the anger underneath it. Victor and Benny exchanged uncomfortable looks.
“Shut up.” She muttered.
She turned around to face him and her face formed a surprised smile. “Castiel? What are you doing-”
“I’ve been able to touch you, to feel you, taste you.” Each phrase was accompanied by another deep kiss. “All this time, I never got to tell you how gorgeous you are because I was scared I would give myself away.” Dean pulled away from his neck and gave him a small smirk, “cat’s out of the bag now.” At that, Dean moved his mouth down to a spot on Castiel’s throat that made his knees go weak.
Castiel shook him off, ignoring the butterflies in his stomach at Dean’s words. “We’re breaking up soon, aren’t we? We might as well make it look more realistic.” Castiel looked away, ignoring the stricken look on Dean’s face.
“Dean follow me, I saw a good place to hide.”
“Er, hello Castiel,” Sam said awkwardly. Castiel looked behind him to see a foot peeking out from under the bed and somebody’s clothes strewn across the floor. The shirt looked vaguely like Gabriel’s. Castiel decided it was a problem for another day.
in love with you? That’s crazy.”
“Um, me?” Castiel asked.
“Nice to meet you, Sam. My name is Castiel.”
Castiel allowed himself to relax and began to play with the peanuts in the bowl at the center of the table. The Roadhouse was his favorite spot in the whole town. After his parents had died, Ellen had taken Castiel under her wing whenever Jody was too busy with work or dealing with Gabe starting trouble. She gave him a free meal every Friday in exchange for telling her about his day. She introduced him to Jo and they had been friends since.
IM SO SORRY! I have no excuse for not updating but I am loving the support for what I have written. As an apology I got the destiel moving along a little bit. Also I have away some badass Charlie Bradbury (free of charge). I don't know when the next one will be up but hopefully it will be before October (key word hopefully)
“Ignore my brother please,” Castiel said. He elbowed his brother in the gut. “Yes, we are ‘talking’ to Luke. Although it is very one-sided and he does not seem to be responding.”
Dean looked around at the other tributes. The district three people looked ridiculous, they were dressed up in suits and glasses with a bunch of gadgets sticking out of their pockets. District seven was painted like a tree. For some reason district four had wings.
“Castiel swim faster!” She shouted, grabbing for her bow. The feathers were soaked through so Dean could even figure out they wouldn’t work. The hounds started a full out sprint for the two but were just barely too late. Cas and Dean were safely on the other side of the river.
"Hey Dean," Castiel murmured as he settled down next to the boy.
“I’m so sorry Dean,” he apologized. Then, he pulled Dean down into a kiss before he could ask what he meant.
“Crack,” Alfie replied seriously, with zero hesitation. Jody and Castiel turned to him with raised eyebrows.
"What? No of course not."
Castiel was shaking, thinking over what Dean had confessed. Was it true? Could he be right? Did Castiel only like the boys he could never have? He’d always known Dean was out of his reach. He had always known Dean didn’t belong to him.
District 7 - Samandriel - 6, Hester - 7
Dean smiled sadly, “yeah. She wanted me to be able to make it for my dad whenever he missed her.” Castiel instantly felt bad for bringing it up. Not many people in school knew what happened to Dean’s mom. Castiel himself only knew because he had been friends when it happened.
“I know,” Castiel smiled. “Thanks for coming back.”
“Maybe I should move to France,” Castiel mused to himself. “I speak french fluently, maybe they won’t follow me there?”
"Dean!" Jo shouted from her tree. Their was two dead hounds surrounding the base, both with arrows sticking out of their eyes.
“That asshole Castiel.”
Castiel pulled his head away from Dean’s neck and blushed at the heat in his eyes. He couldn’t handle the intensity of the stare so he moved his face forward to capture Dean in another absolutely filthy kiss. He rolled them over so he was back on top.
“Dad?” Dean’s mouth felt dry, “Dad what are you doing here?”
Jo just smiled at that and began to jog away from them towards the school. “If you need me, I'll be in the art room working on the portfolio. Have fun, you crazy kids!” Castiel glared at his traitorous friend as she jogged away. Dean stopped walking and Castiel stopped with him, not wanting to be rude. He stared at the track ahead and debated sprinting to escape from Dean.
They spent at least two hours at the station, Cas insisting that he needed to look exactly like a flower patch. He also insisted that Dean should as well. "Why wouldn't you want to know how to hide in a field of flowers?"
He turned to leave, but Anna stopped him. “Wait. I’m worried about you.”
“Any chance you guys want to come with me?” Castiel implored. He wanted at least one person other than Dean with him, just so he could trust that the smart would outweigh the stupid in the room.
“We are fixing that. Now.” He pushed the cart around the store, stopping at different aisles and grabbing different ingredients.
"Christ, Angel..." Dean pushed in again, but this time he didn't relent, and with a gasp from both of them, the tip of his index finger dipped inside.
“Cas gets to try the first bite,” Dean said as he pulled it out of the oven. Instantly the room smelled of apple and cinnamon.
“Kevin, language.” Charlie scolded.
“Hey! Cas, can I talk to you?”
Dean stared at Castiel unblinkingly, “Sammy?”
"From district twelve we have, Deeeaaan Winchester!" Dean walked on stage, staring at Bela's overly wide smile. He saluted the audience with a two fingered wave before sitting down.
She nodded but her face was puzzled. Standing up she flicked her hair behind her shoulder and walked over to the man hyperventilating. Dean knelt down next to his best friend.
“Yeah. You, you see anybody else named Cas out here?” Castiel gestured towards Cassie Robinson who was sitting with Lisa Braeden on a bench. Dean followed his gesture and rolled his eyes in defeat. “Okay, fair point.” Dean started panting as he ran with them, “why are you guys running so fast?”
_-_+_-_
A sigh, “fine but only if we watch his new video on your television.”
“Well, if you don’t know why you’re here can you at least just do me a favor.”
Dean watched Cas turn to him and was surprised when the boy wrapped him in a hug. "You okay there Cas?"
“Forget it.” Dean turned like he was going to leave. Castiel reached out to grab his sweatshirt sleeve. He didn’t want to be in a fight with him. Castiel just wanted it to be easy the way it always was with Dean. He wanted him to at least still be his friend. Especially now that they were at the end of their fake dating. Dean and Bella were probably getting back together tomorrow anyways.
She looked back in forth between all of them and frowned, “god dammit. Now I ship my teachers with youtubers.”
Three tributes had died today and Dean was responsible for one of them. He had killed a girl and now even if he won that blood would be on his hands. He decided to wait a minute before going back into the cave.
“Deal.” Castiel sent a quick text letting Jody know he was staying at Dean’s for the night so he wouldn’t be driving late. Dean nodded and poured Castiel a glass before going back to cooking.
“Castiel! Anna is here!” Jody called up.
They ended up with Dean in tight leather pants, combat boots with no top as a compromise. His hair styled in spikes. Jo was in relatively the same outfit but with a black leather crop top. Jo’s hair was pin straight and had kohl lining her eyes.
Charlie and Kevin started laughing but Jo and Dean where confused. "Sorry, what's a lawyer?"
“He definitely likes her,” Alfie agreed, his mouth full. “He . . . he looks at you a lot, Castiel. When you’re not paying attention. He looks at you, to see if you’re having a good time. And he always looks happy even when you are just sitting there ignoring him while you work.”
Dean sat there awkwardly, “she just stopped drinking caffeine for some diet, I think she's in withdrawal. I’m sorry about whatever she said.” He offered a half-smile at Castiel who kept a straight face.
Charlie rolled her eyes, “she means she thought you were the career’s ally.”
Jo turned around with Kevin still leaning on her, “there is a cave a little ways away. Dean can you carry him?” She whispered, probably because she didn’t want the careers to hear.
“Heya Cas,” Dean said distractedly when he walked over. Castiel looked over his page and saw some writing about articles of confederation. “I got the first draft of my gov paper due after lunch,” Dean said. He glanced up at Castiel and winked, “I just gotta finish my conclusion then I’m all yours babe.”
Shit.
He heard Dean pick up the lube again and do things Castiel couldn't see. Castiel could feel the bed move as Dean was getting settled between his thighs. Then a slick finger stroked over the pucker of Castiel's asshole. Castiel's first instinct was to clench closed. But three more tender strokes later, he exhaled and relaxed. He heard Dean's breath go ragged behind him before he felt the new, slow but relentless slide of Dean’s finger into his ass. And this time, there was no stopping until it's all the way inside him. Castiel heard a horrible mewling sound. He clamped his lips closed as he realized it was him.
“Your pace angel,” Dean said breathlessly, “you call the shots.” Dean hadn’t needed to tell Castiel for him to know that, but Castiel appreciated it anyways. He leaned down for another long kiss. He sat up and slid off his boxers so that he was fully on display.
Dean had no clue how to answer that.
"Well how about you tell me about yourself?" Cas jumped in surprise.
"Yeah." Heat flared up his entire back, and Castiel is sure Dean saw it. In fact, in this position, Dean could probably see everything. He could watch. Castiel hid his blushing face in the pillow of his arms – but he opened his legs. His cock ached with how wickedly good it feels, exposing himself to Dean.
His hand was still under Castiel's chin and the boy reached up to wrap his hand around Dean's. "Why wouldn't I want to help the boy who puts everyone above himself. Who loves quickly and is brave enough to put himself in the line of fire. Why wouldn't I want to help a righteous man when he is put in the position where he goes against his innate instinct to help?"
important-”
"When the hell did they get here?" He demanded of Cas. He looked at the clearing and saw a smoking fire. One of the hounds was munching on a bird that was clearly fresh. "How long have you been awake?"
But, the letter to Meg had not been returned, Dean and Charlie definitely had theirs, and chances were that Anna also had the one that he sent. So, that meant the letters were out. They were out, and there was nothing he could do about it.
“Well, what say you,” mumbled a sultry voice. The arms wrapped around his waist tighter and someone’s lips began to lightly trail up his neck. Dean relaxed into the embrace, repressing a shiver.
“Well thank goodness he isn’t here to see you wear it.” Castiel instinctively grabbed Jo before she could go for her jugular.
Castiel frowned and put his hand down. "Why would you appear cuddly? All you do is glare at everyone and fail at lighting a fire."
“I can assure you that is not what it looked like. I was talking to his brother Sam.”
The silence in the car after Castiel said that was tense. Dean coughed and turned the radio on to some old rock station. Ramble On filled the car. They pulled up to a stop sign and Dean turned on his directional to turn right, the way to get to Castiel’s house. Before he turned though, he hesitated and looked at him and a strange look came over his face.
Castiel took a deep breath and moved himself closer until their feet were just a foot apart, craning his neck up slightly to look Dean in the eyes. He gently reached up and wrapped his fingers around the wrist clutching the letter. Dean’s breath caught when Castiel made contact and looked down at their hands and the letter.
“Ooh, one sec.” Alfie ran into the house and then came back out with two helmets. Gabe started dying in laughter.
Castiel reach back and pulled out a knife. He raised to strike.
“I’m gay?” Castiel said confused.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said guiltily.
“Alright Kali, looks like I got to go.” Charlie walked over to Castiel and looped her arm through his, “my friend needs me.”
_--_+_--_
“Dean?”
So instead, Castiel was writing a series about two brothers going across the country
Dean took his fingers out of Cas’s hair and fumbled with the tie eagerly. Cas meanwhile worked on unbuttoning Dean’s pants.
“I. Said. No.”
Eve lunged towards Dean and he angled his dagger so that when she leaped at him she ended up impaled. He felt her blood leaking onto his hand, “surprised bitch?”
She glared at him, “Not funny Jesse, he hasn’t uploaded since last year.”
His heart was heavy and he tried to figure out how long that letter had been there. How long I had gotten there. Castiel believed the drawer was for condoms so there was no need for him to worry about Cas going through it. So why this drawer of all places to leave a letter?
“Hey Dean,” Castiel leaned in close enough to kiss Dean, leaving just a millimeter between them.
When the got to the party Dean stopped him before he could leave the car. “You are okay with this right? I know parties aren’t your scene.”
“Dean, you still got that lighter?” Charlie asked a moment later. Jo was  forming the sticks into a pyramid formation.
She wrinkled her nose, “Jesse I have told you countless times that is nasty.”
“Was it another bodice ripper?” Castiel chose not to answer that. Jo laughed, “come on, at least tell me what this one is about.”
“You never saw me!” Castiel ordered Alfie. He walked over to his window and slid it open.
“Words Jesse. Articulate your words please.”
The boy leaped down from the tree with a backpack and a quiver of arrows. “Hello Joanna.”
“That isn’t the only secret,” Dean was smiling softly at Castiel.
“You said skiing was your favorite,” Sam accused him.
"Cas," Dean place his hand on his shoulder. Castiel stared at him with a livid face, there was no Castiel in the person in front of him. "Cas?"
"Why would you allow me to go?"
"Okay buddy, piggyback style." Cas tilted his head in confusion and Dean rolled his eyes. He turned around and crouched, "hop on." It took a couple minutes for Cas to manage to walk over but he got on Dean's back.
“You write down right now. Harry Potter and
“I was trying to run to catch up to you but Michael stalled me, said ‘don’t worry about that pathetic mess. Naomi got him good, should be about three days before he goes.’ It was not too difficult to deduce.”
Castiel looked up in surprise at that, “Dean knew I was Misha Collins?”
“The instructions are on the box angel,” Dean teased.
“Oh honey, I don't like you that much.”
"Go slow!"
I was a good thing that he did too or else he wouldn’t have heard Gordon. The blundering idiot made camp fire right underneath their tree. All that he needed was an air horn to let the careers know where he was. Dean shook Charlie awake and covered her mouth as to make sure she did not alert him to their presence.
Sure Jody had winced a little at the cost, but his parents had over $100,000 per kid in saving accounts earning interest since they were kids, so with his financial aid the number of loans they had to take out wouldn’t be too bad.
Dean smiled sadly, "doesn't hurt as much as other things do at the moment"
“What if I don’t make it to heaven? What if I spend an eternity in hell on the racks?”
“I am a bloody genius, I know all the hacks to the woods.” She swam to shore and grabbed a couple vines. Grabbing Dean under his arms she fashioned a type of harness around him and tied it to Cas’s back. “Honestly man, you are district four. Why is district three doing this for you?”
Another thought wormed its way into his head. One of the times they had hooked up in the car. Dean had slid a finger, just one, into Castiel’s hole and pressed a finger to
“Why didn’t I get back together with her?” Dean asked knowingly.
Castiel’s brain finally caught up with what he was doing and pulled out of the kiss and took a step back. Dean looked smug and raised an eyebrow while Castiel gaped at him like a fish.
“Shit,” he muttered in unison with Charlie.
“I thought you lost it in the woods near your house.” Jo looked at her in confusion.
Dean was still watching him warily, Castiel’s heart was racing out of control and it’s difficult to look him in the eyes. He’d never been so scared in his life. Soon enough, Dean was stood in front of him.
“Tell Satan I said hi,” Jo called after her. Then, she glared up at Dean, “don’t you gotta go after her majesty.”
“Dean, it is not my intent to kill you now,” called Castiel in his gravelly tone, “I would however suggest you stay put and quiet until the other tributes are long gone.” He stood up and walked away from Gordon’s still form.
“Yes Dean?”
“Run Charlie, don’t make me beg,” he told her harshly.
Castiel didn’t tell her that he wouldn’t need them, because he’d be cozy in the lodge working on his new novel and sipping hot cocoa by the fire. He had recently had the inspiration for a romance novel based on a fake relationship. He wasn’t sure where the inspiration came from though.
“You do realize how pathetic this is right?”
“I hate parking, but continue.”
hit him with my car. Twice.”
“Motherfucker that hurt,” he cursed. They sat in silence for a bit as Dean calmed himself down. Castiel tried to process what had just happened, surprised that Dean was so angry about the kiss. He knew that it was bad for the image of their fake relationship, but Bella got caught cheating multiple times and nobody ever doubted them.
Castiel climbed off Dean's lap.
Another week later, Castiel and Jo were doing laps for gym class. Despite his jogging over the summer, Jo was easily beating him in the race that they were not having. They had already lapped everyone else.
Dean had learned that Castiel had a strange obsession with nature. The flowers that he was working on were a kind that bees apparently were more 'attracted' to. For the life of him, Dean couldn't remember the names at all.
So, the fact that he got any reply out felt like a miracle. Dean pulled away, looking down at Castiel’s throat smugly. Castiel was sure he had a mark there.
"Wonderfully."
“You know how Cas didn’t want to go out with Dean at all at first?”
“Wanted to make sure we were using condoms.” Castiel wasn’t sure why that was the lie he came up with, but Dean turning red as a tomato amused him greatly. “Now can we stop talking about Michael?” Castiel asked. He finished putting his things in his locker.
“Your brother?”
"Whatever,” Bobby rolled his eyes, “remember the plan. Mysterious, all right? No one needs to know what you are made of until you kick all of their asses."
"What?"
“Oh... Okay. Wha…” Dean was bright red and extremely flustered. He kept gaping at Castiel like a fish and stared at him blankly. Castiel looked up to see Anna had frozen where she stood and staring at him
“Hello, Aunt Jody.” Castiel found a shoebox but it was full of old birthday and Christmas cards. He threw that to the side and kept looking.
“Well, I’ll catch up with you here after school. Try not to get caught with her knife collection!” With that, Gabe ran ahead and left Castiel alone.
that you have unlocked a new best friend. Now come on, follow me to lunch peasant.” Castiel rolled his eyes and followed her out while she started to ramble about the Star Wars sequels.
Unfortunately, or fortunately, if you looked at it from Dean’s point of view, word spread very fast at their school. So, in the time it took for Castiel to sit down in his first-period class, every single person knew about it.
Dean ignored what he said and stared Sam directly in the eye. "Sam, quit your crying. It is time to bring that idiot home."
“Is this a bad time?” Castiel asked. When Dean just cocked his head in confusion he gestured towards the keys in his hand.
Dean raised an eyebrow, “Harry Potter?”
“Cas, he is in no position to swim,” Charlie scolded.
Dean pursed his lips, the ice thawing. “But do you get why I was pissed?”
“You drinking tonight?” Castiel nodded towards the cup.
“That was a month ago though!” Jo interrupted, “you’ve been keeping this a secret for a month?”
“We don’t exactly have anything to wrap his leg with, I’m not a dumbass.” Dean grinned and grabbed all the things from her.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel took a bite of the scampi. He heard himself let out an involuntary moan at the taste. He had been living on bar food and Jody’s cooking for two years now, so to him, this was one of the most delicious things he had ever tasted. Castiel began to scarf down the rest of the food, barely stopping for breath.
“What?”
_-_-+-_-_
“Your brother made me come here.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow, “The ski trip isn’t until winter break.”
Crowley laughed, “oh if I got paid a thousand dollars every time somebody was stupid enough to ask me that, I would have a thousand dollars.” So yes then, great.
Castiel’s mouth snapped shut. How was he supposed to tell Dean that he was here because, despite everything, he was still ridiculously in love with him? How was he supposed to say that despite everything, Castiel was here because he had the faintest flicker of hope that maybe, just maybe, Dean was actually in love with Castiel too? That he had a good reason for everything with Bella.
"Misha Collins?" Castiel raised an eyebrow. Recognition flashed across Dean's face but Castiel pressed on to continue. "But that isn't my point."
“Can you do me a favor, Alfie?” she said.
Ellen stood up and hugged Dean softly, “watch yourself, boy.” He nodded.
“Hey, hold on. What if you didn't tell her?” Dean suggested slowly.
Dean smiled, “thanks, man.” The bell rang. Dean waved goodbye as he ran off to his own first-period class. Castiel rolled his eyes and went to sit down with Charlie.
“Take this off,” Castiel mumbled against Dean’s mouth in between frantic kisses, tugging at Dean’s swim trunks. Dean slid the trunks off, and Castiel promptly swiped the garment right off the bed with an impatient hand. The trunks landed on the floor with a very soft thud.
“She wouldn’t bring a knife collection to school,” Castiel scoffed. Gabe just gave him a look. “I’m pretty sure,” Castiel added with uncertainty.
“Deal,” Gabe grinned. The two of them ran off.
“So, whatcha do last night?” Jo asked conversationally. Castiel looked at her sideways to see she hadn’t even broken a sweat.
Dean was stopped by Bobby before he got back to his room to sleep. The older man wordlessly held out a necklace with a crudely carved small figurine at the end of it. "I grabbed this from your pocket. You can wear it for your token, I checked with the board."
“Jerk,” Sam laughed and walked away from his brother’s seething glare.
It was difficult to fight down a snort at Bella’s enraged, shocked expression. “Got anything stronger?”
Castiel watched as he bit his lip, closed his eyes, held his breath… and then he came. Dean’s brows creased, mouth opening on a groan. He pounded into Castiel hard and slow. His eyes slowly opened again, fixing on Castiel's face, his pupils dilated. He fucked, shaking, so deep and so slow.  Dean's face tensed and relaxed with each wave of his orgasm.
Thanks to her, the middle school dance had actually been fun. Afterward, he had been so giddy with excitement over somebody going out of their way to talk to him that he had developed a crush on her. He wrote down about how her words put him at ease and how he could listen to her talk forever.
A week after, everything had gone back to normal somewhat. Castiel was hanging out with Anna again at school, as close as ever. It felt good to not have romantic feelings for her and lifted the awkwardness. There was still awkwardness, but that was all Castiel.
Ellen has waved away Castiel’s money when he tried to pay for his food. The drive back to Castiel’s house wasn’t quiet because Dean was telling Castiel about something that Sam had done in class. Something about a person calling his friend Jess a bitch and Sam decking him in the face.
“What’s up?” Dean asked. Castiel fidgeted and looked over at his teammates who were staring at him and Dean like they were aliens. One leaned over and began to whisper into his friend's ear.
Castiel pulled out his pad of paper and began his work on the story, ignoring Charlie’s sympathetic stare.
“Fine,” Castiel pretended to be annoyed, “but try and keep up.” He began to hurriedly walk towards the stair, smiling to himself in amusement as Dean nearly tripped over himself in the hurry to follow him. He wondered if he could get Dean to come in under the twenty minutes he had.
Jo and Charlie were still talking and Dean was off screen having a muttered conversation. “So the bet was that if Dean proposed to him in a year that he would be in the video. If Dean lost then her would have had to give Cas the car,” Jo finished her story.
Dean nods, red in the face and frowning in real effort. "Cas-Castiel…"
“Okay, Dean.” Sam nodded seriously. He turned back to Castiel, “it was nice to meet you Castiel!”
“For all your experience, it could be.”
“For example,” Castiel said avoiding eye contact, “I would prefer if you would not kiss me.”
Alfie took his turn and grinned widely, “Gin!” Castiel and Jody groaned in defeat as Castiel began to reshuffle.
"I haven't gone to school since my brother entered the reaping."
Cas gestured his head towards the bows, "you want to see if you are truly an imbecile?"
“Here,” Dean slid him one of the bowls. “Peel the apples and cube them” Castiel had no idea what that meant and told Dean as much. Dean took out a large knife and a potato peeler.
“Don’t be ridiculous. Nobody wants to see him naked. That is just child pornography.”
Dean finally looked Castiel in the eyes. “Nope. I didn’t hear you.” His voice was cold and indifferent and so un-Dean like, the smile faded from Castiel’s face.
“Uhh yeas sure. I can do that. That is something I can do.” Dean stammered over his sentence and turned bright red and turned to face the wall. Castiel pulled on a ratty old pair of jeans and one of the shirts Dean had left behind on accident when he stayed over one night. Castiel unconsciously took a sniff of the shirt. Despite going through the wash it smelled like apples, wood, and the smell that lingered around the impala.
Kevin made a shout from inside the tent so Dean lost his focus on the conversation. “Kevin, you okay man?”
She snorted “Easy there moron, we both know you would do it anyways.” Dean relaxed, of course, she knew. Not even he was cruel enough to leave his friend hanging.
Dean just punched him square across the jaw, making Lee collapse like a sack of bricks. The few other people in the kitchen watched the entire thing go down in surprise. Castiel ran up to grab Dean before he could continue beating the crap out of his friend.
“Can I get a chocolate shake and a bacon cheeseburger please?” Dean smiled politely.
“Yes?” He asked warily.
“All right then.” Dean knew she was out of words. They sat there silently for a bit before the peacekeeper came in.
“Can I try a sip of that?” Castiel asked.
He felt Dean’s hardness through his underwear as he straddled Dean’s hips. Dean moaned at the friction and wound his fingers through Castiel’s hair.
"Oh," Dean said. He sounded like he forgot how to think. "Oh. You're sure?"
"Dean you did great. You didn't sound like a terminator at all," Jo sarcastically said, slapping him on the back.
“Uncool,” Gabe glared.
"My what?"
“You’re making pie!” Sam asked excitedly.
"Why would you even want to save me? I treat you like crap." Dean leaned forward as he spoke. He was angry and confused with how Cas was acting. Why would he give a rat's ass about him.
"Can I go faster?"
He put his phone down, facedown. “Nothing.”
The rest of the meal was surprisingly not painful. Dean and him didn’t really talk because they were eating but the silence wasn’t uncomfortable. Dean didn’t stop to take a breath while he dived into his burger. The moans he made while he ate were dirty enough to make a pornstar blush though, much less Castiel.
“You are the one with a knife to my throat,” he stated calmly.
Jo stretched out with a small yawn, “I know you’re all about hoes before bros, but if I were you, I’d be careful. Bella’s a barracuda.”
“No” Castiel interjected firmly.
Castiel nodded back. “Mm-hmm.” Dean was pissed because of the same reason as always, he didn’t get to make Bella jealous.
He had a silent conversation with Charlie.
“...will depart from Gate 39.” A clear voice rang out over the speaker over Castiel’s head, causing him to jump. Michael laughed at Castiel’s startled expression.
Dean’s pupils were dilated as he was looking at Castiel. He was staring at him like he’d never seen Castiel before. “Angel…” Dean began hesitantly.
Castiel ignored the sinking feeling in his stomach, he had forgotten he hadn’t told Dean yet about his making up with Anna.
"That is quite and internal clock you got there Cas."
“Anything else?” Castiel asked.
Castiel just whined in response, lifting his hips higher to give Dean more access. His cock was rock hard and leaking. It leaked more at Dean’s fingers pushing in a half-inch more and filling him up. The whine turned to a long, unabashed groan. Castiel's pre-come obscenely leaked onto the bed underneath him.
Dean shook himself out of the daze and sprinted forward, scooping up the  matches and  then ran to the backpack and bottle. He shoved the matched in the front as he ran to the shiny object. It was not a knife but a lighter. Dean grabbed it anyways. He knew Charlie was going to kill him when he made the split second decision to abort the plan to stay away from the mouth and ran straight towards the weapons. It only took him a second to grab a dagger and a bow. There were three quivers of arrows and he scooped one up and turned to run away, coming face to face with Anna.
“How can that be true when from the very first minute, this has been about Bella?”
Dean stilled. Castiel can practically hear him thinking in the stunned silence. "But… this is my whole finger."
She rolled her eyes before panting out, “let us sort through what you grabbed.”
“Look, I didn't mean to barge in on you. I saw you run in here and I wanted to make sure you're OK, and, uh… thought you might want that back.” Charlie swallowed audibly, “it seemed a little personal.”
“Excellent, now your name?”
“I just realized that we spent half an hour watching adults play video games.”
Dean gestured to nothing, “you know, when you tried to kiss me back there?”
Charlie grinned wickedly, “I made every single knot they taught us while I listed the characteristics of poisonous insects and berries.”
“Hmm, could be better but I will accept it.” She smiled big and gripped the ends of the canvas. “Prepare to be wowed.”
"Dean! What are you waiting for! Grab Kevin!" Charlie was looking at him like he had three heads.
_--_+_--_
“Okay, so kissing on anything other than the lips and other types of physical affection are allowed.” He wrote down as he spoke. Dean raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t know Dean,” he stared Dean in the eyes. Dean just sighed and looked away. Message not delivered. Castiel tried to quell his disappointment.
“Come on, don’t be mad,” Castiel pleaded gently, “I didn’t realize it was that big of a deal. I swear I’ll sit next to you on the way home, okay?” He looked up at Dean through his lashes and reached out to grab his hand. He hoped that showing himself being romantic in front of people would help Dean forgive him.
“Why is it dumbassed?” Jo asked.
"Thank you Dean," he whispered. He held out his hand, "Charlie come here."
(See the end of the chapter for
Bobby smiled at the childish name. "Go to bed ya idjit."
Castiel turned his head and captured Dean into another slow kiss. Finally, he pulled away and looked up to Dean, cheeks on fire. "Dean," he says. "Do it."
The two tributes from district three appeared to be a team all ready. The Malaysian male and perky redhead seemed to share a look before being led off the stage. Charlie and Kevin would probably be the team to beat, seeing as they were from a district that bred geniuses.
Kevin coughed and drew their attention to him. "So what is our plan? Any ideas Cas?"
Cas nodded thoughtfully, “very true. You are covered head to toe in blemishes that most people would find unsightly.” He reached for Dean’s hand. Holding it up to his lips he ran a kiss over a gunpowder burn. “You should not be ashamed of your scars, they are a part of you. I broke my wings when I had first fallen and you didn’t detest me for it.”
_--_+_--_
Dean looked so smug that Castiel reached out and playfully punched Dean’s shoulder. “You ass,” he said, but they both knew Castiel meant it affectionately.
Castiel's hands tightened on his arms. Those words sent a bolt of arousal through him so sharp it was almost agony. His cock twitched. He nodded.
"Because I refuse to kill someone at the place my friend dies at."
“Want me to call someone, get you some water?” Dean asked with concern in his voice.
“Well, I
“Castiel Novak,” Charlie grabbed him and dragged him to the back of the classroom to sit down. “Would you like to explain to me how you left out have Dean Winchester’s eyes on your ass in like
A while later, Castiel ran up to the Roadhouse and swung the door open.
“Why haven't you fixed your wound yet?”
“I thought those were you joking, asking us to hang out,” Charlie said defensively.
Dean handed the letter to Sam. "C-C-," Dean took a breath, "
“How do you know about Sam?”
"For understanding. You have to be the only person who got it right on the first try." Dean watched as Cas' face stretched into a beautiful smile, one that was all for him. The butterflies came back again.
Castiel let out a moan at the shocking sensation. He watched as Dean’s eyes went dark. He ripped off Castiel’s jeans and moved back up his body, tugging Castiel even closer so that their clothed cocks rub up against each other, and they both groaned at the sensation. Like Dean, Castiel was already fully hard, his boxers tenting obscenely in the front.
1.) No kissing on the lips
“Enjoy, try not to fall in love with me after your first bite.” Dean winked and turned around to form the pie.
Jody gave her a tight smile, “$75? Where do I sign?”
“Later,” promised Jo. They ran for about four minutes, Dean slower than usual. They could hear the careers behind them the whole way to the hiding spot. Jo deftly leaped over a tree stump and disappeared. Charlie looked at it warily but ended up following her down. Kevin climbed off Dean’s back and crawled over the ledge. Dean could hear an “oof,” as he landed on Charlie.
you don’t. If you did, you wouldn’t still like her.”
"Alright, the careers are too powerful to take on right now and we haven't run into any mutts yet. We may be a large group but we are certainly not safe. As much as I hate to admit it Dean and Jo are your most capable melee fighters and Kevin is basically useless until his leg gets better. Charlie is a good shot with a bow and so am I but it we run into a fight we will not be of much use. Also, Dean is injured and as much as he likes to think it will not mean anything he is not in top shape to fight."
"Well I have no such qualms," she grinned as she held up her shining blade, the same one used to kill Gordon.
“But don't like, tell anyone, though. I'm out and I'm not ashamed. You know, my mom knows. My dad kinda knows. It's just..”.
“Hey Bella, thought I smelled fire and brimstone,” Charlie said scathingly.
“Yeah?”
Dean laughed, “Coulda been worse, right? Could have hit me with your car a third time.” Castiel surprised himself with the laugh that bubbled out of his throat. When he looked up he saw Anna sitting on her porch reading a book and he felt a pit in his stomach. The look on his face must have given him away.
“Son of a bitch,” he muttered before running after her. “Charlie wait up!” He caught up to her in less than four stride and kept running towards the noise. “I’ll see if I can help, if I shout Poughkeepsie then drop everything and run.”
“Exactly, you get it.” Jody laughed and Castiel cracked a small smile “Okay, you ready to go?”
Charlie leaned over Lilith who was choking on her own blood, still alive. "That was for Kevin you bitch."
“I’m so glad you’re doing this. It’s good for you to try new things.” Aunt Jody gave them both a warm smile. Castiel smiled weakly. If she only knew. Castiel spotted Dean and his friends messing around outside by the charter bus.
“Cas?” Dean asked in confusion. He was standing in the doorway holding the keys to the impala. Dean’s eyes, wide with surprise,  looked tired and drawn like he hadn’t been sleeping. His hair was slightly overgrown and sticking up all over the place.
Unsurprisingly, the dog had no answer. Just like Castiel.
"Oh holy fuck more than, you idiot."
Castiel made a noise in agreement. "All right, what would you like to know?"
District 6 - Gordon - 5, Eve - 6
Castiel, Gabe, and Michael all laughed in unison at that.
Castiel froze and glared at Dean darkly, "Dean Winchester you will not die of something as ridiculous as an infection. You will allow for your friends and I to help you to prevent that from happening." Cas's eyes seemed to glow from the intensity of his glare. Without breaking eye contact He began to speak to Charlie, "please hurry along with what I have asked you to do. I will attempt to clean Dean's wound as much as possible."
Gabe turned to Jody and said, “I bet it was a text from Dean.”
_--_+_--_
Under the table he read it over and over, wondering if it could mean that Dean was the teensiest bit jealous. Castiel immediately discarded that though, he was probably really just worried about how it looked to Bella?
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel raised an eyebrow, “really Anna.”
“Didn’t you read my note?” Dean asked. Castiel raised his eyebrow and walked over to his trenchcoat, pulling out a scrap of paper.
“I don’t know what happened between you and Dean that made you break up,” Sam said, “but I think if you are just as much of a mess as your brother says then you loved him.” Castiel looked away as Sam continued. “And if the way he’s been moping around means anything I think he loved you too.”
“Let me get my stuff then you can walk me to class.” Dean nodded and followed him to his locker.
“You’re only excited cause you're starting middle school,” Gabe complained with a forced smile, “I gotta go deal with Mr. Walker for my first period.”
"I told you m'fine," his voice was muffled by Sam's shirt.
He had only gotten through Jensen telling Jared about their dad’s disappearance when Gabriel marched into his room with a purpose and a set expression on his face. Castiel looked up at him with a mix of dread and confusion.
The next she pulled out was Gabriel holding onto a microphone, the background behind him transitioned from a beautifully serene neighborhood to a picture of a mass tragedy. Jo showed him that each half of his face showed a different expression if you covered it. The top half had grieving eyes and the bottom was a cheerful smile. His eyes also glowed slightly like Castilel’s and there was a transparent outline of wings fanning out behind his back.
Charlie smiled in relief, “oh good. But that doesn’t mean you don’t like me in a platonic way right?” Castiel nodded warily in agreement. Charlie beamed, “now that I know you like listening to me talk, good luck ever getting rid of me.”
Castiel sagged in relief, now he could sit with Jo while Charlie sat with Kali. Dean could talk to Bella all he wanted and Castiel had an excuse not to watch..
“Hey. Hey… Wake up! Are you okay?”
Dean knew she was gonna be okay, she was cracking jokes to cover her pain like he did. He was just fine.
Cas' blue eyes welled up with tears. His face filled with concern. "Dean, what happened to Jo-"
Dean pouted, “why not?”
"Why not? We can just do what I did and travel by tree."
“Whatever could that be?” asked Charlie sarcastically.
"This angle," Dean replied regretfully. "I don't think I can get deeper like this."  He withdrew his finger slowly, and Castiel gasped. He felt hot and tingly all over. "Can I… get behind you?"
"Just fine thank you." He kept his face blank.
What would Dean expect? At this point, Castiel or Dean usually got dressed and left. That or they both got dressed and then they pretended this never happened.
He looked at the others, desperate for one of them to say it was a joke. That this was all faked by them.
The little kids whooshed back and forth like Olympic skiers. Some of them weren’t even using poles. They were like Alfie. He could go down black diamond slopes. He and Michael loved it.
"Well how would you know when your work shift is over hm?"
"Why would you tell me this? Now I know your camp is nearby."
"Exactly. I carried Jo. She hasn't ever climbed a tree in her whole life. The only way to get out of this would be to leave her behind. But I would never do that."
Charlie took a bottle and the matches and packed the rest of the things back into the bag. Borrowing Dean’s knife she cut off a long vein which she wrapped around her waist, “never hurts to have some kind of rope of my own. Also, I can make this into a whip.”
She just laughed, “what? You think because you have the prettiest face here people are going to just throw themselves at you?”
“What’s this for?” Castiel asked.
The gang is together, now what?
"Cas, how many arrows you got there?"
“Yes, that is what Sam said.”
Castiel sighed, “well I guess the whole school already thinks we are gay so we may as well stick with this.” Dean grinned at that. Castiel pulled out a piece of paper and began writing.
“Hello Lee,” Castiel said suspiciously.
She squealed with delight, “really?”
“You'd do that? Why?”
"No! Of course not."
Dean just kept his gaze averted and continued on with his story. “Bella had been harassing me about getting back together, so after you told me you wanted to try this thing for real I wanted her to back off. I went to tell her to leave me and my boyfriend alone, that me and her were over for real.” Dean looked back up at Castiel, “then I saw texts from Sammy freaking out because you caught him with his secret boyfriend so I went there and passed out in his room.”
“Please,” Jo scoffed, “I just went through the rumor mill, and apparently the only thing they care about is that you are the famous author Misha Collins. I think they haven’t even processed that you and Dean broke up or that you had a sex tape. That’s how big a deal you are.”
"Are you okay?" Dean panted. "Does it hurt?" While he waited for the answer, Dean pushed some stray damp hair out of Castiel's face, confident and tender and easy. It stole Castiel's breath for an instant.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and looked inside. His breath caught in shock at the familiar contents. He reached inside and pulled out the familiar envelope addressed to Dean Winchester in his handwriting. It was the letter that Alfie had accidentally sent out.
Castiel ignored him and waved them over.
They were seated in a small clearing and Cas had borrowed Dean's knife to widdle something. He had a long branch and was carving the end into a point. Charlie was sitting on the ground building a fire. Dean was cleaning off the roots with the water on a bowl Charlie had weaved. The air around the area was awkward and Dean could sense it. He could also sense the reason why.
“Castiel!” She shouted cheerfully. Castiel wasn’t quick enough to hide the expression he knew was on his face. “Castiel?” Charlie’s tone asked him if he was okay. He just shook his head no.
“Cas wh-
“Your face is stupid.” The two of them started bickering and Dean gestured for them to walk away and leave their brothers to it.
Those hounds only belonged in one place, hell.
Dean stared her down pointedly, “Alone.”
“I won’t tell Dean if you tell me where he is.”
Charlie nodded, "so we make camp?"
“Um, excuse me?” Castiel turned in surprise to see the small girl staring at him.
Cas laughed, "really? I come from the fishing district and that is what you ask me?"
“Okay.” Aunt Jody choked out. She let him go a fixed his hair, “I love you I’m going to miss you.”
"What the hell Dean?" Charlie glared at him.
“Luckily for you,” Gabe muttered. “I’m gonna go find Kali. You good without Michael?”
“Is it going to mortify me any more than I already am?” Castiel asked.
Dean knew Jo would eventually come to the same realization as he had. He also knew that she would be a moron and try to stay behind to save them.
