Since the first day on the farm something about Cas had him showing the cracks in his carefully built walls, and Cas for what it’s worth had known exactly how to chip at them and break through them in ways that didn't make him want to run for the hills.
Cas is jittery, Dean can see that, or perhaps jittery isn’t the correct word but he’s on edge. He hasn’t known Cas for long but he’s never seen the man
He watches as Jody takes the red candle, the splint and the steel from the box. She folds the pages and places them in the envelope before lighting the candle. Castiel holds his breath as the wax collects and begins to drip from the small well forming at the wick, each splatter onto the flap of the envelope makes him flinch minutely. Jody hands the wax press to Dean to seal the envelope.
It’s no shock to either of them when Dean starts crying, the wave of emotions he had held off on comes crashing down on him with so much force that it buckles his knees. It’s almost unnoticeable at first until the first sobs break from his chest, Cas’ arms tighten around him, holding him up just enough that they won’t go tumbling to the floor.
“That you did, it’s lovely to meet you Donna,” Dean says, turning his attention to Donna. “This is Cas, we met on his family’s farm.” Dean doesn't know what else to add to that and Cas seems content to stay quiet and let Dean handle the small lies that he may or may not be forced into telling.
Cas puts out all but one of the room's lights, and in the increasing darkness, his body grows heavy.
“Well we’re real happy to have you boys here, I’ll let you get back to it and I’ll see ya all later,” Donna says with a wave as she heads back into the house.
And if you'd like you can find me on tumblr
He meets Cas’ every roll with one of his own, his hand hardly stops moving, gripping the bottom of Cas’ spine, raking down his back, threading into his hair, cupping the side of his face. His fingers squeeze against Cas’ where they are raised up above his head, Cas’ squeeze in response.
“Ya. I’m in here.”
He spends as much time as possible over the next three days listening to the song on ‘Youtube’ while he reads the lyrics, he just barely manages to stop himself from writing the lyrics out on paper so he can look at them when he’s away from a computer (like when Dean heads to school with his laptop and he can’t listen unless the machine - a ‘radio’ apparently - decides to play it)
“I was under the assumption that friends did this sort of thing for each other, you help me learn and I help you lighten what weighs you down, now could you hand me the oil?” Dean asks, effectively shutting down the conversation and switching it as best he can.
Cas looks at him after minutes spent staring at the ground and asks, “What deems a life as unsaveable?”
It takes them about fifteen minutes to walk the distance from the main house to where they’ll be living. As the house comes into view Dean’s a bit apprehensive. It’s small, big enough to fit four or five people if they were really packed in there, but if this is the house that the employees share, he thinks they must be living in such close quarters that they’ll be stumbling over each other constantly.
Comments and Kudos are as always lovely to get <3
He wonders how long he’ll get to spend in the presence of this incredible man, to watch as he grows in whatever capacity while he lives and works on the farm, the answer he knows in his heart turns his stomach, Winchester already said he’d be moving on, the season won’t last forever and he’ll be off to whatever life he had planned before he stumbled across their land.
Not wanting to keep him in his misery for any longer than he already has, Dean nods his head and leans in, mouth hovering millimetres away from Cas’ lips.
He closes his eyes for a moment, his hand still connected to his name before eventually backing away from the tree and heading back inside, quickly blinking tears from his eyes.
. No, Cas said he wasn’t a killer, he wasn’t a monster or a tool to be used and thrown aside, and yet he killed another hadn’t he? Killed him by doing nothing at all because that's what happens, that’s his legacy, people get close to him and they get killed. They always get killed.
“All we have is work to do here Dean, you’ve been busy morning to night since you’ve been able to work again. I have no idea why my pa ever looked into this but there’s no shortage of stuff for you to do here.”
As the first full day with his siblings comes to a close, Castiel walks himself up to his temporary boarding. He pauses at the door before turning and making his way to his actual room. Both Gabriel and Kali are out of the room, last he had heard they were going to walk around the house a bit to settle the baby. He sneaks his flask out of his chest of drawers, but feels a stone drop into his stomach when the cool metal hits his palm. The flask had been a stepping stone for him and Dean, a way to skirt the line of friends into what could only be thought of as more. But now it served only to upset him. He stashes it, now sullen, and leaves his room.
It’s almost second nature to snake his tongue out and run it along the seam of their slotted lips, silently begging for access, a low groan makes its way from his chest as Cas’ lips part and their tongues slide together for the first time in days.
“If my shoulder begins to bother me again I vow to tell you, does that appease you Cas? Until that time, understand that I am fine and your concern, while appreciated, is not necessary.”
. Tomorrow maybe, the day after, next week, he doesn't know. He’s only sure that he can’t say goodbye today.
You made it!! I know that was a monster of a chapter and a lot happened.
He mulls about for some time, stopping by a few of the tables saying hello to those he knows. They've been here just shy of a year now, the first few months had been a struggle, Dean would get prickly when people pried too deeply into his past, Cas struggled to find his place and his purpose without a job, especially after having spent most of his life helping others, not doing so rubbed him the wrong way.
He opens his eyes and the image he’s faced with spurts precome from the tip of his cock and a shudder rips through him. Cas is slack-jawed, his eyes fathomless pits of black; his arousal swallowing what little blue that had been there before. He stares at Dean and there's not a soul on the planet that could mistake the pure lust and adoration that make their home across his features. It's enough to stop his breath short, he flushes root to tip, the sparks fly along every inch they are connected.
Reading the letter again, he’s hit in the chest with an intense sadness. Even with the letters, he’s going to miss so much of his sibling’s lives, and he’s not sure how he’s actually going to cope with the change. Every child grows up and leaves home, but for Castiel, his younger brothers and sisters have meant more to him than he’s meant to himself.
; Cas knows even a moron could have figured that one out.
It's far too late to tell Dean about his own feelings, and how they extend far past that which constitutes the relationship they have now. But it hurts all the same that he has these budding feelings, and for all he knows Dean doesn’t hold him in the same regard.
Charles shows him the steps for the chickens, pigs, and the few cattle they have before walking him to the stables.
Castiel could with good faith answer his question, but he keeps his mouth shut.
He rocks his hips up, his breath stutters from between his lips as Cas’ cock slides perfectly against his prostate. Cas is breathing as though he’s run all day and night, his chest heaves under Dean's hands and pride fills him at being able to reduce him to such a state by simply accepting him into his body.
He used to only think of the valley they’d live in for the longest time as home, as the only place that had any memory of happiness or any feeling of being marginally safe. He’d laugh at his childhood self now for thinking that it was the best they could get; tell him all the ways it would get better. The valley is a bittersweet memory at best now and he couldn’t be happier about that.
“I get a say for sure, but my opinion matters not if it's in favour of remaining unmarried. I get to decide what woman I marry, and in the general sense of when it is that I marry,” Cas responds as he walks around the cab, laying his fingers gently against the wood. He holds them there as he continues to walk, eventually letting them fall against his side as he walks up to the bed again.
“No Cas! We do something and we both might end up dead. We move on and forget this ever happened.” He can’t breathe through the blood in his nose or see all that well either. His blood trickles down his jaw onto his neck, and the look on Cas’ face tells him how bad he must look.
“But Castiel to live a life of prosperity in the eyes of God, you must first please the Lord, and to do that you can’t put yourself above Him.”
They all talk for a few more minutes, each kid jumping in with a question for Dean—that often gets fielded by Cas (for which he’s grateful) or gets forgotten about when another child asks or says something else. Anael and the smaller children join in, though they stay quiet, and soon Dean has a small half-circle of interested parties in front of him.
Cas wouldn't buy it for a second if he said he was in fact wrong in that assumption of him. He’s surprised at the flack he’s getting from Cas, the playful banter that they are sharing over the back of Ibby as they work through his training. Though it's not banter really, bickering might be a better way of describing what’s happening between them.
“I’m sorry, he told me not to tell either of you, he didn't want you to worry. He always said he was far from happy, I didn’t-I didn’t want to make anything worse. It was already my fault.”
“Good morning Sir.” He nods at Cas, unsure if he is to address him the same way given his apparent dislike for the honorific.
“Well you can't say that any longer,” Cas says grinning ear to ear, beyond proud of himself it seems.
His ma is talking but his mind is elsewhere, on Winchester’s face glowing in the yellow light of the lamp, the way his lips curved over his name for the first time and the tensions that cloaked the barn from the moment their eyes had met. He replies to his ma even though he hadn't heard what she said and opens the door for her. It clatters loudly behind him and he flinches praying that the noise hasn’t woken any of his family up.
It is the perfect meld of excitement and joy, mixed with the barest hint of apprehension and… regret?
Oh how screwed he is if Dean is his sun. How cold he’ll be without it.
Dean bites Cas’ lower lip after Cas pairs a flick of his tongue with a strong thrust against his continuously moving hips. Cas growls against his mouth before devouring him again.
He realizes after a brief moment of silence that they are so many miles from anywhere that there's nothing on the horizon to look to as a next destination.
“Hmm they don’t know that, right now you’re the most ancient thing on this farm.”
It had taken them nearly a day for the lingering cowardice to disappear, both afraid that the other wanted to forget what they’d done. The same night, only hours after he had been pressed against the side of the stables, when Cas brought his supper and the flask, there had been an undeniable tension hung suffocatingly in the air.
Yes Cas had a twin. Yes that twin wasn't Jimmy. Yes I suppose it is a little odd.
“It must have slipped my father's mind,” Cas says when he realizes that Dean can’t seem to say a thing. His face is hidden behind a mask. Dean wants to think it is one of false indifference but he has no way of knowing for sure.
His hips bucked violently as he imagined how Cas’ stubble would feel as it scratched along his skin, down his neck, and against his inner thigh.
He doesn't know when, but eventually sleep clouds his mind and pulls him into its grips, however fitful, it’s still preferred over being awake. By the time the roosters are crowing as the sun barely scratches its place along the horizon, his body feels only minorly better, still weighed down by lack of sleep and his own guilt.
“‘M fine, it’s nothing I haven't dealt with before just fine.”
He pitches his hips forward, grinds them back in a circle, lifts and drops straight down impaling himself so deep that he can hardly breathe, his knees aren’t a fan of his enthusiasm but he couldn’t give a shit. He rides Cas like a man possessed, sweat collects at his hairline and his breathing is so ragged it almost hurts.
“Castiel, please,” Cas interrupts. Dean furrows his brow in a clear question but when Cas elects not to answer he moves on.
He’s left with that thought for much of the rest of the day, he does manage to excuse himself to his room for a brief moment and if he sneaks a few slips from his flask while up there no one needs to know. His room has been overtaken by Gabriel and Kali for the duration of their visit, and as such he’ll be spending his sleeping hours in Balthazar and Uriel’s room.
, he thinks.
The thought unsettles him far more than he would like, and Dean can’t push it from his mind. Stealing a glance at Cas, he’s frightened to find that simply looking at the other man calms some of that worry.
Dean didn't really know what to do with himself, he so often portrayed that ‘overly sure of himself’ facade that he usually ended up believing it himself, he found it quite disorienting to be so obviously lost about what to do, so much so that he just closed his eyes, using a child's logic of, if I can't see it it can't see or hurt me.
“How’s that?”
After that ordeal it had stopped being too much of a trouble, it twinged when he would put weight on it and it felt better when he raised it up at night when he slept.
“Shit, uh ya, it’s my pistol…” Dean doesn’t exactly know what else to say, most people either piss themselves at the sight of a gun or they pay it no mind and he’s not sure which route Cas will take. To save Cas from possibly freaking out too much Dean starts to reassemble the gun.
In the wake of his completed reincarnation, the sloughing off of death’s hold on him, the song takes on intense new meaning, which is no surprise really. His heaven is and has always been the moments he and Dean spend alone together, afternoons in the music room or midnights spent wrapped around each other. His lover is the sunlight, to keep the goddess on their side Cas and then Dean offered their sacrifices. Deathless deaths in multiples, love is worth more than what Sunday’s used to hold.
“It’s good that you’ll be close to your brother,” Cas says though it seems like he’s unsure, or possibly like he’s trying to convince himself.
He slows as he takes more of Dean into his mouth. They both groan when Dean’s cockhead nudges against the narrow passage of the top of his throat. He tries to slow his breathing as Dean’s length cuts off his airway, using his focus of running his tongue along the underside of Dean’s shaft to help. He strokes what he can’t take in his mouth with a spit slick fist driving himself more fervent with each pass of his hands.
They eat in the quiet hum of dusk. It’s been a long time since he’s been uncomfortable in silence, he used to be on alert for every noise, his skin would crawl with the expectations of politeness when he was around others, but he never feels that now, not alone and not with Cas at his side.
He squirms out of Cas’ grip to turn out the sconce before tucking himself back into the warm cocoon of the bed. Cas’ steady breathing joins into the symphony of the pitch-black night, a soothing rhythm that he matches in no time.
“Yes Sam, records.”
He pushes off with a chuckle and pulls Cas back to their bed. The only light on is a sconce on the wall beside the bed, it casts the room into a yellow haze as they settle, his back to Cas’ chest, they ate through sunset, and now in the comforting silence of the room Dean can hear the telltale sounds of nighttime.
Chapter three will be coming tomorrow!!!
A few minutes later he finds himself talking, in that way where your mouth just opens and words begin to fall from it, where no thought goes into any of it. What you are going to say is lost to even you.
“Oh it’s going great Sir, in fact, I'm certain that I don't need any help today at all, it’s easy work and I’m sure that your son has plenty he needs to do before the arrival of his siblings,” Dean says with a tight smile.
“I dunno Sam, there's really only one way to know as much as I hate it, if we have a chance at this it's with Jack being at whatever strength he’s at.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Written about chapters 17 and 18 of original story
“Hello Dean,” the man says, and with two simple words leaves him stunned. Cas is the only one he’s ever heard use his name before. He assumed Cas hadn’t shared it with his family, and yet here he was being addressed by it as though it was the most normal occurrence in the world. Once the shock passes and he’s able to think better, he realizes that the man beside him must be Gabriel, but Dean’s never been introduced to Cas’ family, and he in no way wants to assume or offend.
He thinks that maybe it's a bit more than just selfish. It's more akin to self-preservation; his older brothers—save for Gabriel—love to join in on the questioning and pestering about his love life and will sometimes weave a little too close to the truth for his comfort, though they don't know it. Even Hester on occasion adds her own comments on the matter, and after years of it, Castiel has grown quite tired of explaining himself again and again.
He ends the letter with clear instructions not to respond until he gets a second letter from Castiel with whatever new location he ends up at. He is as clueless as the next person about where this is all going to take him.
Dean shakes his head, blinking against the jostling of his torso that it causes, and the spike of pain it sends down his back. Whatever he’s done to himself, it's not pretty.
He tries to focus his energy into reading, content enough to study in his free time, but his mind keeps wandering. He reasons it’s drawn from the less strenuous day he’s had. His mind and body are not as tired as he’s used to and the extra energy is making him antsy and unable to focus.
Resigned, he retires to his room, stopping at the window in his room as he had the previous night to peek at the barn, the door is shut which he finds odd considering. Dean almost always has the door open.
It’s selfish, cowardly. It’s inhumane not to give them the same chance that he has to store the memories, the last moments they have with their older brother. Not allowing them to look at him once more, possibly for the last time in their lives, not allowing them closure. And wasn’t that the one thing he’d always wanted when they lost Gadreel? Closure? One last ‘I love you’, one last hug, one last everything. He robs them of it, he hurts them as he was hurt. After more than a decade trying to keep them from hurting like that, he’ll be the one to cause it. But he’ll never leave if they understand, he’ll never be able to make himself walk away while their tears play over and over again in his mind. And so, he says nothing.
He steps forward and Winchester rises from the floor and he allows his gaze to sweep hungrily down his body, and he bathes in the beauty that is the faint blush that blooms on his cheeks before he remembers himself and stops his eyes’ trek.
“So fucking perfect, so good. Riding me so flawlessly. God the way you feel, the way you are, Dean you are perfect, so perfect for me. If you could see yourself right now, if you could see even half of what I see
He does everything he can to keep him in Dean’s mind. If this is all Dean will remember him by then so be it, he hates it, it makes his stomach turn but it’s better than Dean forgetting him.
Before they can get into a more incriminating position, a little voice calls out for Cas.
He looks into the blue, a stark contrast from the hair that lays unkempt on top of his head, a remarkable compliment to the slight flush of his face, no doubt caused by his continued staring. He drops his eyes, accepting the bowl as a flush of his own spreads across the back of his neck.
Castiel,” he says, drawing the last syllable out on a moan as Cas latches onto the skin below his collarbone.
He moves closer to the window, taking care to keep out of sight, all he can see is Cas' side partially turned from him. It takes only a few words to learn who Cas is talking to as Dean hears Charles' voice rise above his son’s.
There had been one day that stood out among the other that proved that perhaps Cas was reciprocating in all areas of Dean’s growing attraction. He’d been working, easy stuff really, but with his myriad of ailments it was difficult. He had been moving Remy’s tacking equipment after his first ride on her—Charles had wanted him to fix the fence posts and Remy was needed for that task—which had gone spectacularly and he was quite proud of himself for riding with only one good arm. But carrying the saddle with only one arm had proven to be more difficult than he’d originally thought.
Cas makes a noncommittal noise; his head ticks up as his eyebrow does. A blasé show of agreement.
He skims his fingers down Cas’ torso, pleased with himself as the muscles jerk and twitch beneath his touch. Cas huffs a laugh into the crook of his neck, skimming his own hand up his arm and into his hair.
It’s easy after that, Alfie warms up to Gabriel and Kali quickly and for the first time, Castiel finds himself not thinking about Dean.
Cas walks further into the barn and he realizes he’s coming to get his flask back, standing and brushing some of the dirt off his pants he walks up to Cas with it—and the basket—in hand and the fire lights low in his stomach when the man tracks his eyes down his body before raising them up again. Cas’ head tips to the side a bit on the parse of his frame and he can feel a subtle heat rush to his face.
He watches for far too long as Winchester works, offering words up before the man can raise his head and catch him in the act. There is something oddly childlike in the way he curls his form over the slate, the way his fingers still struggle to hold the chalk properly and even more so in the joy Castiel can see so plainly when he writes his first sentence, short as it is.
Almost as quickly the nerves shift again and he feels like a teen on prom night because it's been months now and he’s not come up with a single eloquent thing to say for when he gets Cas back.
Dean won’t lie to himself; he did actually cry when Sam said that. Years of fear, years of keeping a part of himself from the one person on the earth that had stood by him in all things, and suddenly it was all okay.
“Pardon Ma’am but it was time for me to move on, begin my life properly. I was hoping to stay with Dean while I do so.”
He wishes that everything could be different, that he could leave and come back a few times a year, that the betrayal of leaving would be the only thing causing issues. But he’s going to live his life the way he wants to; no wife, no children. He knows that’s not a life his parents will ever approve of, which means he’ll end up the same as Lucifer in his parent’s eyes.
“Shall we start that tomorrow?” he asks, watching the clouds of dust that puff out from his boot toe as he scuffs his feet gently in the dirt. Cas stops, so briefly that he nearly misses the halt in his gait, and he eyes up the man in confusion.
They stood and Dean used Jack as support, all fixed up or not his body was slowly devolving into that of an old man’s and what he thought must have been a few days laid up in a bed did nothing to help his back stiffness.
Dean thumbs the folded paper in his hand, words scrawled across it spelling out a future he never thought he would be able to have. A small part of him is filled with a childlike excitement at the new possibilities, even down to the signing of a contract—something he’d never done before when finding work for himself, not that he’d had a name to sign with—but still a weight drops in his chest each time he thinks about Cas.
Turning around he scoops Anna into his arms and rests her on his hip while he drags Uriel into his other side rubbing his hair with his knuckles and gripping the top of his shoulder gently.
“‘M close, so close.”
Cas is all encompassing, his touch, his words, his arousal hot and thick against his own. Dean thinks that if he could, he would spend eternity wrapped up in him like this.
The bridge, as the website calls it (Sam does eventually end up showing Cas the genius page), he reads the most, over and over and over and he thinks how it was just him and Dean in those stolen moments, how the doctrine he was told to follow labelled him a sinner but with Dean that didn’t matter, it didn’t even filter into the moment. The ritual the man sings of, the scene that plays out with it, becoming clean, human, he can’t even put words to why that settles so deeply into his chest, why it makes sense to him even though he never truly felt dirty about the things he and Dean did, the love they shared. But the truth of the matter is that Dean made him human again that night in the manor, and in doing so made him clean, clean of the never-ending hell of the manor, just like he had promised to do all that time ago.
Odd pride fills Dean’s chest at hearing that he’s the only one that’s gotten Cas that hot and bothered.
Jack squirms in his seat and a tense look passes over his face, “What made him happy Dean?” he asks quietly.
“Records? Like records records? As in the same thing you got me so I could go to school?”
It takes them a few more hours to reach the church, the storm rolling in the distance seems to follow them as they get closer. Almost like it's warning them to turn back but this mission—if you could even call it that—is too important to wilt beneath the volatility of the sky.
The day’s cooled down by the time Dean finds himself on the porch bench. A bee zooms in between the flowers along the railing line and the gentle hum just barely reaches his ears. Their barn cat perks up at the bee but leaves it alone, her head falls back onto the wood flooring, paws tucked up at her chin.
Dean.
Dean’s gone from wanting to desperate in a few short minutes and he couldn’t give a damn that they are outside, he needs Cas. Now. He’s strung tighter than a bow and Cas is only just dipping his hand below his trousers.
Dean’s not sure how long he sits waiting but it’s no trouble to sit waiting for him. The pain in his leg thankfully calms down a lot once he’s stopped using it but still, Dean worries again what that means for his ability to work on the farm, but he reasons that breaking in Ibby surely couldn't be overly labour intensive, and he could start working on the machines, making sure they run as they should and all the connections are free of rust and aren’t a few hard pulls away from snapping.
“What do you mean?” Though Dean had a feeling he knew what his other self meant and his nerves picked up as sweat prickled on the back of his neck.
He’s silent through supper, his mother again pushes him to agree to meet with some woman or another. His siblings do their part to keep conversations going while he is stuck within his own mind, stewing.
Cas apologizes so often he feels like he’ll be sick if he hears how sorry he is one more time. How could Cas be sorry when all of this was
So he says nothing. How can he hold Dean back when all Dean has ever wanted in life is take care of his brother? And now he has a real shot to do just that very thing with this new job. The money has got to be better than what he’s getting here, and Castiel knows Dean would give life and limb to see his brother succeed in life.
First posted May 17th 2021. Can be found in its original post
This was written about the final few chapters of the original story. It's more headcanon-y than the poems in this collection but ficlets allow for that more
,” Dean cries out as Cas lands a brutal thrust right on his prostate. Sparks light behind his closed eyes. Fire bleeds from every part of him. He feels Cas everywhere, each inch of his thick cock buried in his ass, the ridge as it grazes his prostate like it’s its only job, his hands as they map his torso and thighs scoring red lines and indenting his skin in claims of possession and Dean can’t think of anything but his growing release.
His mind is thrown back to the task at hand when quite suddenly one of the tie-ups on the gig slips from his hand. He just barely manages to catch it before it falls to the ground. Knowing his luck, it would have broken had he not caught it. Castiel releases a low grunt at the shock.
Dean rolls his eyes and huffs in a clear show of exasperation, “And I still fail to see why you came out here.”
He’s tucked himself close against Castiel’s side as they stare up at the stars that paint the sky into a portrait he’ll never be able to properly understand.
His mind races all day, landing on Winchester without meaning to. Around his siblings' lunch he stumbles onto an idea thanks to Inias’ praise of his teaching. He had asked them if they thought he could teach anyone and they all replied with varying degrees of ‘you could teach a squirrel if you wanted to’ but he still has reservations about it, teaching an adult wouldn't be like teaching children but he resolves to ask Winchester the next time he gets a moment to.
“Jody made a convincing argument that if your pa was looking to get rid of me, it stands to reason that he doesn’t have much work for me here anymore. Plus, I’d never meant to spend very long with y’all. Truly I was just passing through, but I stuck ‘round for some time, first ‘cause of my injuries then because of Ringer. I figure that another chance like this ain’t guaranteed to come around again.”
He's silent again, his fingers pick against the nail beds of the opposite hand. Cas is nervous, though he has no clue why.
Realizing that Cas should probably at least watch as Dean loads the cylinder he walks back with an amused smile on his face as he watches Cas shift and shuffle his feet repeatedly. It's endearing how much he wants to get this right.
“Hello Dean, my name is Castiel, Castiel Novak.” Cas doesn’t wait to be asked to pick up the chalk again and write out his own name. It’s nestled just below his on Cas’ slate. For some reason, it looks like it fits.
From across the stable Ringer starts huffing, Charles had said that he was to stay away from Ringer because he was a bit of a firecracker but he’d never actually met a horse that hasn't taken to him. And without either of the other men to dissuade him, he walks slowly to the far end of the stables.
He’d been made dumb by Cas’ unintentional admittance, but the look of saddened resignation that pulled his face so low as Cas made to leave spurred him into action and it had done them both a world of good for him to take that chance.
“Jack- I,” he stopped and cleared his throat, “What happened?”
“I told it to take me right then but it laughed at me, told me that it would only come for me when I was at my happiest, when I had finally let the sun shine on my face, back then I thought that there was so much keeping me from being happy, and I foolishly thought that the one thing I knew would mean happiness was so far from my reach that I would be safe from the deal requiring payment for decades, centuries even. So far off that there was no reason to worry you and Sam with it.” Dean stared at him, waiting for the confirmation of what he already knew. “The night your counterself came and paved the way for us, that was the first night I knew I was going to be in trouble. When I made the deal I couldn't have thought for a second that you would share my feelings, nor that we would ever be open enough with ourselves and each other to share them. I don't know when Dean but I think I’m running out of time.”
Besides, he has more than enough money to buy one for himself if he ends up needing to. It’s odd to think he now has money enough not to fret over a left behind razor or an extra person on the trip.
That made him pause, but he nodded his assent regardless.
Sam wilts as does Jack. All he does is stay shut in his room, staring at the ceiling as though he’s trying to see into heaven. As though he's trying to find his faith again.
“She’s been having to patch us all up for so long she reasoned it might be a smart idea to have the necessities on hand. It saved us many a time from having to ride into the town for something as small as a cut or a skinned knee caused by an overly excited older sibling, plus I suppose it taught us about the repercussions of our actions.”
It bonded them together and Castiel can't help but be grateful for his older brother for the millionth time.
Castiel is careening towards his peak and quickly losing the modicum of control he had over his movements. Somewhere far off in his brain he thinks he must be brutalizing Dean’s throat, but the other man seems to be having no complaints. Castiel's fist isn’t gripped so tightly that Dean couldn’t move away if he needed to but staring down at him, Castiel can see clear as day that he loves this.
“I’m good angel, it’s just been a while, forgot what it felt like,” Dean assures him, running a hand through his roughed up hair.
The words make his heart sing and his chest fill with so much warmth that when the head of Cas’ cock teases his entrance a choked out sob fills the space between them.
In the end, the fight against god brought with it death, destruction and disappointment. Dean watched as his brother died again, watched as Cas died again, watched as piece by piece his life fell apart, watched as he, a helpless, useless human, could do nothing against Chuck.
“Cas gave the same impression of his opinion of the word,” Dean says in an attempt to relate to the man.
“I think it might be better if we get you to learn words to help you with the alphabet, not only would you remember it better but you could see some actual progress from one moment to the next. How about we start by you giving me some words that you know, I suppose you already know how to spell Sam but what about Sammy or Samuel?”
This chapter wasn't supposed to be a test to see how many Supernatural characters I could fit into several thousand words without it being a damn rollcall, but it ended up being exactly that, so uh oops??
Again, he stays right outside Cas’ room. Again, his entire body thrums with pent up energy and fear. Again, Cas implores him to take a breath and Dean’s starting to think that this transgression may be the one that Cas can’t forgive.
“We can talk to someone in town, we have a name, we can report it,” Cas says, his voice getting higher and louder as he pleads.
“I’m having a hard time this time because a part of me thinks just like it did after the whole leviathan fiasco. I swear you’re going to come back, that this is all a mix-up, that if I wait just a little longer, hold on a little longer, put my gun down just one more night that you’ll be back. But it’s been weeks Cas and nothing’s changed. I wake up and I go to sleep in a world that doesn’t have you in it and I was always okay before because you were just there even if I didn’t have you like I wanted I still got to see you, watch you, lo—be with you. But now it’s all empty, and no matter how ironically appropriate that is given the dumbass move you made a year and a half ago, I’m hanging on by a thread man. And Sam doesn't know how to help, even with all his dead girlfriends as experience to draw from.” He’s quiet for a long time, chewing on his lip, flexing his fingers together as he just sits.
He tries his best to school his expression as he walks forwards to meet them knowing that to react would be to condemn himself before the truth is even brought up, and addresses Charles.
Cas has given him his breakfast each morning since Jody’s meeting. His voice seems softer and more resigned and Dean wants so desperately to think that it’s because of Jody and the jobs and his father not being forthright with information that affects him directly, but to get his hopes up is to leave them vulnerable to being destroyed and Dean can’t have that.
Nothing vexes him more than not being told what he has every right to know. It stretches back to Gadreel and continues to his father setting all this up without Castiel’s knowledge. Especially after the way he was reamed for letting his duties fall to the wayside as he had. Not a week later his father was busy making all of this happen. As if he could commit to what he needed to do if something, that would alter the farm as much as this will, was being left out of his understanding of the farm's practices.
Cas murmurs something into his hair as he peppers light kisses against his scalp. He pulls back to look at him hoping to glean something just from his face but all he can pick out is a gentle fondness.
When Cas returns, he has a private smile on his face and a promise in his eyes that has Dean’s blood heating in his veins. A golden glint catches his attention and he sees the flask securely held in Cas’ palm.
They retire once the sun returns to its home behind the horizon, ushering Beam in with them. Dean rests his head on Cas’ shoulder, Cas presses a gentle kiss onto his forehead and he smiles as they walk inside. The gentle jostling soothes him and part of him wants to close his eyes and fall into the feeling, he doesn’t though, content instead to fall into the warmth of their home as it envelops him again.
He’s quiet with Cas that night, not reserved but quiet, they talk and play around and Dean finds himself weighed down by Cas in his lap a few times. He says it’s a pre-emptive repayment for the next few days when he’s busy making sure his siblings do as they should. He hates that there's a part of him that can’t ignore that he might just be a warm and willing body for Cas, he hates that he sometimes believes it over anything.
It’s an interesting switch for them. Weeks spent with Cas teaching Dean to read and write and now the opposite, Dean teaching Cas. The skills are wildly different but Dean likes that he has something to teach Cas, it makes him feel as though he’s got knowledge—that isn't about horses—that's of some worth for once.
It ratchets his desire up another few notches and his groan reverberates around in his chest until the coil winds so tightly he worries it’s about to snap.
“Don’t worry about it, I managed it just fine myself,” Dean says, not looking at him as he finishes securing everything to the tie-ups on Remy’s saddle.
“No,” Dean tosses back with a smile.
Not least of which was Dean finding himself in a bit of a pickle, a pickle that Cas seems quite interested in, I mean why so many questions Cas?
“Please try to stay awake angel,” he pleads again.
“I don’t give a damn Castiel, you have a responsibility here! Your sister has been picking up the slack for far longer than she should have to, as have I mind you, simply because you want to make sure that an imbecile who went against orders and got himself hurt doesn't do it again? He’s dafter than even I had thought, and I never had much hope for him to begin with.”
He snaps then too, raising himself up and dropping himself down onto Cas’ cock over and over again. Words of praise fall from Cas’ lips and with each one his pleasure is driven higher.
The word springs forward from his mind, forever. He hopes it’s true, that that's what they have now, and it doesn't scare him, or make him worry as he always thought it would. Instead it’s liberating, freeing to know that he’s got something with Cas that he wants to last. A part of him is scared to lose Cas, but that part will stay scared, and nothing he can do will calm it, not after he watched as Cas bled into the dirt, not after he had to carry his limp body to the carriage.
“Let me take you to bed,” Cas whispers into the soft quiet of the room.
“You're a sneaky guy aren't you? Gathering that intel whenever possible,” Dean said it with a laugh, perhaps one of avoidance or self-deprecation but a laugh nonetheless hoping to let Castiel know he wasn't speaking with malice.
He remembers how he felt when that prickle of an itch sprouted when he couldn’t do anything about it. He finds himself in that same position now, except along with the vague itch of the drying sweat and the tickle of the drops running down the back of the neck, both of which he is too busy to take care of, he feels eyes on him and he has to fight against the instinct telling him to turn and find whoever is causing the tension in his body. He knows it must be Cas, animals have never caused the feeling to be this strong before but refuses to raise himself up from his hunched position to check.
He’s so full, stretched wide around Cas’ impressive length. His nerves alight again stronger than ever and he can hardly take a breath around the fire coursing, singing through his veins. He balances himself with two hands splayed on Cas’ bare chest, the muscles shift and roll beneath his fingers and he wants to trace it all with his tongue just to know how it feels.
As though he hasn't spent the last several minutes getting hotter and hotter, his cheeks flare and the burn stretches far down his chest.
“It's been too long Gabriel,” he says, still bound in his brother's arms.
He’d cleaned himself up quickly using a corner of his blanket to rid himself of the mess and rose as normal to start the day, though a dark feeling settled in his chest.
“And what are we going to do with that?” he asks coyly.
It’s not overly exciting or difficult work which means that they talk a great deal.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good, I'll be back by sundown, and I expect the work round here done before then, understand?”
even as though they are nothing special, simply part of him and not remarkable at all. And so he doesn't, or he tries not to, but Dean’s never been the best at schooling his emotions. His scars are a testament to that.
“You sure it's fair to your sister to leave all the young ones in her charge?” he says with a nod over to where the group is.
“I have half a mind to be offended but seeing how our statures compare—” he passes a critical eye along Dean’s taller form, “—I’m understanding a bit better,” Gabriel says as he sticks out his hand.
Precome spurts from the tip of Cas’ cockhead and a shudder rips through him. Like a domino effect, Dean’s own cock jumps and spurts milky fluid into the slick hot grip Cas has on him.
“Pamela?” Sam asks confused as to who they are talking about.
“Does he not need them?”
Cas comes in with an odd smile on his face, as though he finds something both amusing and disconcerting.
As the sun moves past its highest point and begins its slow, hours long descent west, he stumbles upon a broken-down fence line. The wiring is mangled and looks as though it’s been trampled, but he can’t begin to figure out by what. The wooden posts have been felled or broken as far as he can see with the sun making mirages on the brush. But, he reasons, a fence line could mean a house, or perhaps a farm.
Sam spews some bullshit about the positioning of the sun for reasons Dean will never understand and they plan to leave the next morning.
“Sorry about this,” Cas says as he takes the wash and pours it over the lashing, Dean hisses against the pain but his mind is elsewhere.
In the remaining time Cas spends in the barn their conversations stay safely in passing topics and he wishes he had a way of making him stay longer.
“My older siblings are supposed to be coming back to the farm in a few weeks, depending on things, they might not know until they get here one way or the other.” He looks up at Cas, and his chest constricts upon itself. He is beyond tears, beyond the looks of sadness and confusion. His face displays almost nothing, the only indication that he is feeling anything are his drawn brows and the slight downward curve of his mouth. But his eyes, his eyes say more than any words ever could, and he knows that look. It's the look of a child who was made to grow up too fast, the look of someone who was forced into responsibilities that they never asked for, it's a look of thinking it was all your fault.
“I assume, I would just have to hire someone else to cover for that discrepancy,” his father says slowly, as though he’s catching on. Castiel’s got to hand it to him, that was faster than we would have thought.
It’s not quite night fall when they finally ride into the outskirts of the town Jody’s farm is a part of. Dean sends Cas a look, Cas nods, answering his question without words needing to be shared and a small part of him stitches itself back together. Even with everything so fucked up right now Cas can still understand him just from a look.
“Alright then, let's teach you how to shoot.” Dean steers them into the line of trees that they’d been riding in the shade of and navigates far enough in that the noise from the shots will be dampened.
Cas seems none the wiser, calmly going about some task or another. He checks left and right as imperceptibly as he can and his stomach drops while his heart makes a new home in his throat.
Or, Cas finally tells Dean about his deal, they fight god as best they can, and they find their slightly bittersweet happy ending
“I’m just curious as to what made you do it in the first place is all.”
“Sam, that's incredible, congratulations!” Dean’s about to stand to give his brother another hug and a couple slaps on the shoulder but Sam launches into a breathless explanation.
He watches as Ash shoves his hair from his eyes, the fringe should have long grown out by now but he’d found that he quite enjoyed the short front of his hair, only now he gets it cut to the length he prefers instead of playing around with fire as he had the first time he ended up with the style.
“Thank you.”
Just before he hit the point of no return, an arm looped itself around his middle. His mind kindly supplied that the arm was
“Oh really,” Dean says cheekily. “And how exactly could you do that?”
Inias is giggling before he’s finished and it’s enough for her apparently because she leaves when Cas says she should go back to the rest of the kids, completely forgetting why she had sought Cas out in the first place.
Oddly, Dean sounds as though he is equally as frustrated as Castiel himself is and beyond tired, but not physically—though Castiel can see that the man is bone tired from the work he’s been doing. Dean’s exhaustion looks as if it was a sort of whole body depression that had taken over his form. He sounds about as fed up as Castiel feels. Knowing this does nothing to comfort Castiel, if anything it infuriates him beyond what he had been feeling before. Dean was the one that started this, he was the one who decided to change so drastically overnight and give no reason for it, why should Dean be feeling the same as he is, what right to this pain and torment does Dean have?
Tunnel vision takes over and all he can see is Cas and blood and grey lips that were once so pink.
He nods his head, a sick feeling spreads through his stomach and his chest tightens impossibly. Maybe he should have gotten his father after all.
Once in the privacy of the barn, he steps out of his pants, folding them before he struggles his way into his only other pair.
It stuns him that he gets to be the one to witness this. Out of all the people on the earth who are more worthy of this experience, he is the one who is trusted with this learning, this act of seeking out information that for so long had seemed locked off to him.
“I thought it best to let you both know, I’m not sure when I’ll be leaving, but I will be leaving.”
Dean hesitates, not because he doesn't want that—no those words have the fire low in his abdomen burning stronger than ever—but because Cas is still hurt, still tired from his body fighting to right itself and heal him.
Hell Cas might want to forget about the entire thing, pretend it never happened, or maybe he interpreted it wrong, maybe it wasn't ever a love like that.
Dean had found himself looking again at Cas’ mouth, the subtle pink of it framed with the contrasting shadow of his facial hair. The bow of his mouth and the curve of his full lips threatened to draw him in again. A heat had curled low in his abdomen as soon as he realized that Cas was the one who had caught him, and it was growing harder to ignore as they stood staring at one another. He’d noticed their faces had drawn closer almost imperceptibly, a flick of his eyes told him that Cas too was enraptured by his mouth and upon instinct his tongue darted out to wet his lips.
When Sam called him Dean for the first time, he may or may not have teared up. It took a bit of getting used to for Sam to not just avoid using a non-name for Dean, but within that first lunch the name flowed freely anytime he had cause to use it.
He’s getting mighty close to projecting again and reels himself back before he heads over that edge. Dean knows that his siblings are arriving on the farm in a couple days, Dean knows that calling someone you essentially worked for ‘Sir’ is the proper thing to do. Castiel hasn’t heard Dean use that term to address him since the first night, perhaps Dean is attempting to avoid calling Castiel by his nickname in front of his family by starting now with the correct title. It’s not a bad idea, Castiel certainly doesn’t want to answer the questions that would come from hearing Dean call him by ‘Cas’. Doesn’t feel like dealing with the fallout if his brothers, or even his sister heard it, knowing it wouldn’t be ignored like it has been by his parents.
Dean reaches out and grabs Cas’ hand in his, the warm rough palm holds his own as though they both know they are holding something precious, something to be cherished. His cheeks flush at the thought and a warmth opens in his chest.
“You like that huh? Can’t even get off anymore and you’re still loving it.” He’d never been one for such talk while being intimate, though that was partly because he and the person he was with couldn't afford to be heard. But with Dean, and the seclusion behind the stables, something within him snaps and filthy words tumble from his mouth without hesitation.
As Cas makes his way back over to Dean, he raises his good arm, “Afternoon Ma’am, I'm terribly sorry to have to pull you away from what you were doing, but I do appreciate the help a lot.” Cas raises an eyebrow at him, silently commenting on his change in demeanour and stands close by as he makes his way up the few steps of the porch. Cas grabs Dean’s elbow as he climbs but drops it like it’s branded him when he knows Dean’s stable.
if you could even call it that
he’s left behind without even a word of warning. He reminds himself that he did what was necessary, and damn whatever comes next because he made the right choice when he decided to pack his pitiful life up and move on. The guilt still gets to him, anyways.
“But if she says yes, we’ll need to save for the wedding, and that means that I’ll have to work longer hours at the courthouse and we definitely couldn’t go on this trip but I don’t want to tip her off to it too much. I mean of course, we’ve talked about it but still, I’d like it to be as much of a surprise as it can be and if I have to say no to the trip she’s going to question it and I can’t lie to her, even keeping this from her is hard enough and I just—I don’t know what to do Dean,” Sam says quick enough to have Dean searching for air.
“Morning, right well, change of plans are in order, I have to head to town today with one of my girls to take her to see a doctor, as such Castiel will be the one you follow today.” He steals a glance at Cas but the man isn’t paying him any mind. Instead, he is looking behind him at the stables before he turns back and looks to his father for further instructions.
, he made his father think with just a few words that Dean was nothing more than a poor lonely man that Castiel had allowed to form a friendship with him to benefit Dean and Dean alone.
“Yes thank you Ma’am and tell your daughter thank you as well.” Dean looks down again, his socks and shoes are beyond help but that's no bother.
“I was thinking that I might talk to someone in town about finding a teaching position,” he whispers as though speaking the words aloud could shatter the dream before it even has a chance to live.
“He doesn't know that we can’t read the book Sam, we have the deck stacked in our favour for once in this entire messed up fight. I say we milk it for everything it's worth. I’ll make sure he thinks you can read some of the symbols or something. Plus I’ll try to get a feel for just how far he’s willing to go to get back in Chuck’s good graces.”
Castiel hesitates again before conceding and saying, “Okay, if that changes I’m sure I’ll be able to help if you only ask.”
“No reason to sugar coat it now is there?” she replies easily. “Stop rolling your joint. Castiel could you run inside and grab the Vaseline please, we need to cover the burn to prevent it from getting any worse, it should be upstairs, Duma skinned her knee a few weeks ago, that was the last time anyone had cause to use it. I’m going to inspect his cut to see if it needs stitches before I begin to work on it after I bandage up his shoulder.”
“Try not to trip on your walk back to your house,” he says quietly, he chuckles at the eye roll he gets in return from Cas, “I don't think your family would care much for another unwell child.” He means for it to be a joke, but it falls short of its mark slightly.
The gentleness of this gets to him, it gets under his skin as his mind fights itself. He wants this so badly, to be tangled up with Cas as the world moves slowly around them. But he’s antsy, he doesn’t get to have this kind of thing in life. He doesn't get to let his guard down without repercussions, he doesn't get to have this tender attention shown to him.
” sits heavy in his skull, it scratches at something deep within his brain for weeks. Ever since he first took the words into his head something about them made him think of them. It didn’t make sense though, Cas’ death hadn’t given Dean his life. Hell Cas’ death almost surely led to Dean’s own. So why would this lyric stick with him?
“I would have thought you’d be more interested in Ringer, Ma’am, seeing what he’s capable of doing and the like,” Cas pipes up from where he stands off to the side.
They keep to lighter subjects after that, the heaviness of their emotional stories not something either can keep up with for long.
If someone had asked him before he walked into the church what he expected to be on the inside he wouldn't have ever guessed that he’d be face to face with an archangel wearing his brother's face. His brother who’s dead… again. Dean knew that Adam would have died just like everyone else but knowing that Michael is walking around with Adam's face with Adam is as dead as anyone—or rather—everyone else is just weird.
Dean gets flashes in his mind, Cas behind him thrusting into him instead of against him. The slap of their skin, though muted due to their clothing is wholly erotic and the feeling of Cas’ hot cock so close to where he desperately wants it nudging against his ever tightening sack while Cas fists his erection in his slick grasp has him careening to his release in no time. Cas shifts above him and his cock catches ever so slightly on the ring of his entrance. His breath is punched from his chest in a keening whine and he cants his hips back with each thrust against him. Growing in need with each roll.
He can't help but think in these moments how different his life is now than it was a year and a half ago. Can’t help but think what would have become of him if he hadn’t allowed Cas to become his friend that first week on his parent’s farm.
Cas walks with him as he takes Ringer inside.
There’s still a part of him that wants to stop all of this, to take Dean and make him not go through with the deal, but Dean doesn’t deserve that. Dean deserves to be happy. And if this, over Castiel, will make him happy, will help him live the life he deserves, he should have it. No matter how much his entire being begs Dean to say no to it and stay.
“Ah it’s no mind,” Dean says, hoping to not let on to how much he enjoyed the embrace. “We’re just glad to be welcomed so warmly.” Cas moves towards him, standing close and some of his lingering nerves quiet down with his proximity. The backs of their hands knock together as they stand there listening to Jody.
“Donna!” Donna turns. “Don’t forget, you said you would fold our laundry today, but it’s still hanging on the line out back.” Even from their distance Dean can see Donna roll her eyes fondly.
“Now with Hannah, well I'm not sure how Ma will handle it if we lose her too. It’s not been easy for them to have children, I’m sure you’ve noticed that not all of my siblings look as I do—” he nods slightly, “—my parents tried for some time to have children but found that it was difficult for them, still, they wanted children so they adopted three of my older siblings, as well as three of my younger siblings. Losing Gadreel after having so many troubles with children, and now if Hannah isn’t to get better, it might prove too much for her.”
“Say it again,” Cas grinds out with a brutal thrust that makes Dean keen. “Say my name again, Dean.”
Cas writes again, writes out the surname he had given his first night and though he has seen the word before, heard it said many times, enough to understand it, something seems to break inside of him as he looks at
Cas moves his slate back into his lap and writes out a word.
Dean wants to think that a change had occurred between him and Cas. The man was quicker with wit and far bolder than he had been in Dean’s first week with him. Dean had noticed that during all the time spent checking and tending to his wounds, Cas had seemed to take advantage of the newfound ability to touch him; it gave Dean far more hope than it should have, though he could be imagining it all.
What happens to his siblings who look at him and Anael with such awe? He isn’t sure if it’s because they are old enough to help, or if it’s because they aren't their parents so their siblings trust them more, or if it simply has something to do with shared experiences and shared time together.
I wrote Cas' interactions with his siblings from a mix of personal and professional experiences. If it seems like Cas is acting more like a caretaker than a big brother when he's with his young siblings it's meant to.
Getting Michael on their side was as easy as just allowing him to talk about his failings as a son and his failings in trusting his father as much as he did. Dean looks to Sam as he talks, as Michael waits for their decision, because hope burns red in his heart.
The bat swoops again in front of the window and Castiel finds himself present in the moment again. The light is out in the barn and he wonders how much time had passed as he stood at the window reminiscing. Cursing lowly at his lapse, he turns and makes his way to stop in at Hannah’s room once more.
“When we were children, after Gadreel died, Gabriel became a kind of substitute parent for me while my parents dealt with the loss. He’d set up games for me to occupy myself with when their voices started getting louder, angrier, sadder. And it wasn’t just my parents, my older siblings reacted much the same way, only Gabriel—and I suppose Anael as well, but she was a mere two years old—acted the same around me. We used to go up into the tree, sit there and watch the birds swoop in if we sat still enough. My favourite was watching the bees play in the flowers but Gabriel was overly worried I would end up stung by one of them so he never let me watch for long.
finishes his meal Castiel offers the flask, and as he drinks from it heat swirls low in his belly, the muscles in his throat work around the burning liquid with barely more than a grimace at the feeling. Without meaning to his head thumps against the frame, his mind too drawn in by the near sinful way Winchester’s throat looks dipped back. He tries not to be so obvious, but there is something about watching him drink, listening to him and talking with him that feels more right than even thinking of a life where he’s married to a woman giving forth children because it's his duty to God, that makes his attempts at concealment fail.
Fire spreads down his stomach as Cas traces his way back down to the waist of his pants. On instinct he raises his hips, he tears his mouth away as his head is thrown back when the length of his erection ruts alongside Cas’ matching arousal.
There was a coldness in his childhood, one that only recently had he started to learn of, his parents shunned him for being the surviving child, so much so that he grew unsure of whether being alive was the winning position. Would it not have been better for everyone, for him to have died with his brother instead of living to remind them all of what they had lost? But then he thinks that had he died alongside Gadreel; the lives of his family would no more certainly be better than they would be worse.
Anticipation sends a shiver down his spine as he rocks back against Cas. Teasing them both for just a bit longer. Cas’ fingers grip into his hip hard enough to leave half-moon indents; and god he wouldn't mind being marked as Castiel’s for anyone to see. A possessive thrill sets his heart aflame at the thought of returning the favour.
“Perhaps it was, but it allowed for me to be able to help you when you stupidly tried to make friends with Ringer,” Cas says pointedly. Dean can tell that he’s annoyed, but about the topic or the fact that a horse got the jump on him, he isn't sure.
The next morning, he tells Dean that he needs to spend the day with his siblings, if Dean’s face falls at the news, Castiel doesn’t see, his mind is far too occupied with what the day holds for him.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says after a heavy moment of silence, and like the first time he heard Cas speak, he barely contains the shiver that rocks through his body, his voice moulding itself around his name racketing the chaos of emotions swirling through his brain.
He goes to his pack, walking past Cas and catching his eye but only barely before Cas’ eye catches something. He grabs a small bag of coins, separate from the one Jody gave him, filled with the money he hadn’t been able to send to Sam while on the farm.
Cas rolls his eyes at him but relents, “Okay what do you want?”
When he feels Cas rut up against his ass, the hard line of his cock sliding against the cleft of his ass, he nearly abandons the prep, desperate to have Cas sink into him and drive him to divinity with everything sinful roll of their hips.
“I’ve never known myself to be like that before,” Cas says with a small shake of his head.
When he hears the telltale clatter of the door, he sits up a little straighter, either it’s Charles coming out to talk to him or it’s Cas coming to see him. One means he sits up out of respect, the other he does so out of interest.
Then his brothers and sister arrived and all he heard from the home was laughter and talking. The lights stayed on far longer than any other night since his arrival on the farm. They rose later in the mornings, the children screamed and laughed and played with their nieces and nephews. The family was the picture of everything Dean had wished he could have had growing up. He's not proud to say it but he cried the first night all of Cas’ siblings were home; the anger, sadness, betrayal, and frustration clouding together in his brain and reducing him to an emotional wreck unlike he’d ever been, not even when his mother died, and especially not when his father died.
The bag jangles as he lifts it. Why couldn't he have left it where it sat. Dean watches as the men's eyes light up and immediately, he knows this is going to go south.
“Dean? Could you—uh could you write it out for me, so I can see it?” he asks his voice slightly strained. He thinks he can see it in his mind, can picture the letters he thinks should be in the word but he needs to see it.
The next day is spent on chores, teaching his siblings and himself and sneaking glimpses from the windows at his father and Winchester. His father had asked him to get a name for him but he couldn’t bring himself to share it—even if he had let him know why his father wanted it—as of now his name was one of the few things he knew about him and he wasn’t yet ready to offer that up for everyone else to claim as well.
His false name sounds odd coming from Cas’ mouth, as though the word itself knows that it’s not right, that he has no claim to it, no right to call it his real name. It’s not his name, never has been, never will be his first name. He’s not ever going to have one of those.
“My trust in you has nothing to do with your training abilities, but I would still like to see if for myself; he's all yours,” Cas responds, stepping back from Ibby and letting him walk up to the horse, eyes tracking his movement across the paddock.
spent working with horses, learning how to take care of them, gaining his only profitable skill—profitable legal skill anyways—he knows how to break in a horse, how to act around them and treat them. How to tell when they are anxious and overwhelmed and likely to not act so kindly.
He gives Dean a small nod once he’s read it and a soft smile graces Dean’s face, though it doesn't quite reflect itself in his eyes.
He wonders what it's like in Cas’ house if he feels as though he is at home and safe in its walls. He wonders if Cas is happy. He wonders why he seems to care.
“You said that you got Sam into school—” he looks up at Cas’ face, staring him dead in the eyes, and curses the clouds, his eyes are still as dark and indistinguishable as the first night in the barn, he curses himself for having such a desire to know the colour of his eyes, as if it matters, “—but my pa says you can’t read or write, so you never sent yourself to school with him? Is that why it wasn't worth the time to think about what you might want?”
Dean begins to wonder if they will sit in silence until Cas returns with the Vaseline but as his ma sits on the other chair and sets her sights on his mangled leg, she strikes up a short conversation.
He lands as gently as he can on his back. Cas crawls over his lower body and holds himself up above Dean. Heat skirts down his body as Cas looms over him. Needing him closer, Dean brackets his legs up on either side of Cas’ body, caging him in as effectively as Cas has him caged.
Slowly but surely things became routine, people became friends, this place became home.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says as he walks through the large open door of the stable.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean says, as sinful as anything and as reverent as a prayer, as one hand digs into the flesh of Castiel’s shoulder. He can almost imagine the marks it must be laying into his unmarred skin and it ramps up the desire he can feel coursing through every part of his body.
“First thing,” he says, shuffling to stand, the space in front of him frigid with his absence. “I’ll bring out your breakfast, though I won't be able to eat with you, unfortunately.”
He lays out the plan, the bare-bones structure of some of it has Sam’s smile wilting now and then but he says he can do the translation if given enough time. He talks and talks until he's covered everything twice, he poses his own questions and answers them too just to show that he understands this plan better than he has any other they’ve concocted over the years. Through it all there's an undercurrent of how much he needs this to work, how badly he needs Cas to come back to them. And they both understand the need in their own way, Jack needs his dad back, Sam needs his friend.
Cas doesn’t say anything but he does pull his hand up to his mouth and lays soft kisses along the line of scars on his knuckles. It might not even be intentional, if you are going to kiss someone's hand it's always in that one spot, Dean just happens to have a lot of scars in that same space, and yet regardless of that, watching Cas show affection to an area that so many others have done their best to avoid cracks his chest open in the best way.
He doesn't know what’s caused the distress, though he assumes it is most likely the pain in his shoulder. And he can only assume that the food provided sufficient distraction, but he doesn't ask for an answer from Cas; he doesn't want to upset him anymore.
He’s leading Ringer into his stall when he realizes just how right Jody was; none of the next few days are going to be fun.
“Not quite,” he says as the smile fades away, “I took a liking to it, being able to help people, see how my hands could heal, my Ma took notice and allowed me to take part anytime one of my siblings needed help,” he finishes just as he’s done with the bandage checks, he had at some point moved to his wrapped shoulder and moved it gently back and forth. Dean supposes to check the range of motion and his mother's work, although he couldn't imagine her doing a poor job.
At one point he finds himself sitting back and watching as they all move about, their beings full of endless possibilities and again it hits him how he won’t get to see any of it.
“Dean I want to do this, I take far more enjoyment from teaching you than I do most anything else, remember I was the one who brought it up to begin with. I’ll do whatever work my father wants me to do and then I’ll join you at the tree or here with my slate and maybe a couple of books too.”
“Come off it Dean, it’s not like I'm doing anything to encourage it.” Sam shoves him off with an eye roll and a stubborn smile.
Sensing that he wants some story to help him understand why he knows of such things enough to use it in their lessons, he starts, “When Sam and I were young, after our father died, someone found us. We hadn’t found shelter yet so we were easy to spot. They must have written someone, probably someone at the home about us and one day we were picked up, told we had to go with them,” he fights valiantly against the thickness in his throat. “We spent maybe a week or two in the home, Sam honestly enjoyed it, I didn't hate it mind you, but I wasn’t gonna call it home if I could have helped it.
The constant life of sleeping against the hard earth, or the floors of easily disreputable establishments, meant that his back and his neck hardly hurt upon waking each morning on the floor of the barn. It was easy enough to roll out any minor kinks, though the pull in his shoulder as the skin splits yet again at the seam of the burn worries him, if it gets any worse it might come time to mention it to Cas but until that time he’ll leave it.
Flashes of heat overwhelm him as he stares at Dean. His hand flexes and tenses both against the wall and into Dean’s hair.
“—on him.”
Castiel had seen the way Gabriel had watched the kids earlier, had seen how saddened he was for missing their milestones and birthdays. It was the curse of the older child again, dealing with insufferable young ones and the nostalgia and sadness that comes with missing out on that same insufferableness as they grow up. Soon enough Castiel will be the one missing milestones, so he has been soaking everything up while he can.
“Dean.” His voice is rough. How was it only hours ago that a voice just like that was whispering in his ear a name that lit him up from the inside. Cas coughs through a short laugh, “I got shot.” His brows screw up against the pain as Dean pulls his shirt from the bullet wound.
Instead, he tells Cas what he should have been reminding himself of each day since he first crossed into their land.
He takes Ringer from his stall and walks him out to the paddock so that whoever it is that’s come to look at him will be able to see him as they walk up.
With three bullets still in the gun, Dean decides to step in.
“It’s a bit of a long story, after you… died, Chuck started to monologue, like a lot, and I was pretty out of it for a lot of that, he was just talking a lot about how he didn't get the ending he wanted, and how it didnt matter anyways because he was going to wipe the slate and just start this story over again right from the beginning, he honestly wouldn’t shut up.” Jack looked off and sat down beside him on the bed. “He was just about to snap his fingers when Amara showed up and said she was tired of all of this, she knew Chuck wasn’t as powerful as he had been and she knew that meant she’d win. After that I don't really know what happened, there was this incredible flash of light and an explosion, I got sent flying and I couldn’t protect myself, when I woke up again Amara was the only one there, well Billie was there too, she was holding this box, I could just tell it was Chuck somehow, Billie said that we had to divert the power somewhere, and we decided that Amara and I would both get some of it, but that most of it would go to the empty. Once the empty had god it would be over, I mean he can’t get out of there no matter what, and I think they both figured the empty would be able to sleep again. After that I brought you back and moved you here.”
part celestial being do in their free time, Dean stays in the library and switches his research. He pulls spell books from Rowena's secret stash, the one Sam raided after he got Eileen back. Reads the lore on angels in and after death, on demons too.
He mouths his way up again to Dean’s lips, threading a hand through his hair and tugging until his head turns back to face Castiel. His tugging causes Dean to stumble and shift slightly against the wall and the movement draws his attention sharply to Dean’s growing arousal against his hip. Knowing that Dean wants this as much as he does has him groaning into Dean’s mouth.
“That's a great idea angel, maybe name drop Jody, people in town seem to like her, or at least Ellen did,” he murmurs. He presses a soft kiss to the skin of Cas’ forearm.
Dean’s heart shatters every time Cas begs him to stop, to rest, to
He watches with detached focus as a bat swoops into the waning light, free of the dangers the day holds, so much like himself and how he treads around Winchester. Their contact changes so much with the moon's appearance in the sky, he awaits it more each passing day as he thinks the bat must wait for the cooling earth to signal its moment to fly again.
The man makes to leave but Dean steps up to him. He’s only barely stopping himself from flying into a blind rage at the despicable actions of these two. It nauseates him to know that even a year ago this was something he might have done.
“I should have no problem meeting you before supper but it’ll have to be in the afternoon, my pa has been on my case about me shirking my work,” Cas says with a peeved look.
As much as the staggering weight of his emotions hasn’t at all lightened, he knows now isn’t the time to humour them. Business is business and that's all, he learned from his father that there's hardly room for feelings in transactions. He tries exceptionally hard not to listen to the pestering voice in his head that takes issue with Dean being reduced to a transaction, simply a deal to process and move on from.
What seemed like a possibility of even a minor fresh start has turned out to be as much of a prison as anything else in his life, and now all he can do is accept it until he can leave. Cas was never his friend, Cas never cared about him, every memory of kindness was a falsity. He’s the same as he was when he walked on to this farm: nothing.
“It took a little while for everything to go back to normal and fix the damages but once that happened, they decided to work only as much as was needed. That’s about all I know; my pa doesn’t talk often about anything to do with the farm aside from what is happening on it at that moment. Hardly even talks about what’s going to happen to the farm in the future which is beyond frustrating sometimes.”
“Is this okay?” he asks Cas, trying to ignore the way his length rides the crease of his ass yet again.
“Inias you were supposed to stay with Anael, you know that.”
When the sound of the seal snapping off the wax sounds, Castiel turns again, and how apropos is it that the sun that had been shining into the dirt-covered wood of the stable’s floor has since been swallowed by clouds. His sun is leaving, the sun is gone.
There are a billion things he’ll never do again, a million things he’ll never get to experience. And for someone who's given all that Cas has given to this world, that just won’t do.
“My older brothers were more typical,” Cas continues, “more the type to bully in the way siblings always do. Michael has six years on me. Lucifer and Raphael each have a few as well and Gabriel would always step in and make it so he was the one who’d get picked on even though he’s only two years older.” Taking in Dean’s expression, no doubt at the names of his siblings he adds, “My parents attempted to name us after angels, to varying degrees of success. My brothers were named for the archangels which you probably figured already.”
“Cas?” When Cas tilts his head, electing not to speak for the mouthful of food he’d have to talk around, he takes it as a cue to continue. “I was just wondering why it was that your family doesn't seem to work your farm much.”
That is until his caretaker instincts kick in and he rushes to help her. And what does he get for it? A bloody nose, or at least it smells like blood as he breathes through the flash of pain.
The ledge his toes are on isn’t the best, a scant inch at most and before Dean is even properly up on it his toe slips the slightest bit. Cursing to himself he shifts again moving up the wall. It's a terrible position for what he wants to do, but it's the only way to get access to Ringer without opening the stall and risking it.
He knows what his next steps are, he just hopes that it goes as he wishes it does. Regardless his goodbyes were necessary and though it feels like his hearts been ripped from his chest and a knife feels like it’s driven itself into his spine he wouldn't be able to leave had he not said them.
“My ma is going to be calling me in soon, how about we go and grab the slates and you keep one for the night, that way you can keep practicing if you want to.”
Dean doesn't ask if Cas’ sisters could help around the house. He knows that some must be of the age where they could help with the work around the farm but that Cas’ family is the type to segregate the work done around the property.
By the time Dean had gathered the courage to tell Sam outright, Cas had been about three minutes away, and he’d sweat right through his shirt.
He’s willing to accept anything Cas deems fit to give him and it terrifies him.
Cas hadn’t received the memo.
“Yeah, I mean, I’ve always looked out for him and since he went off to his apprenticeship, I haven’t been able to do that. Knowing that he’s not too far, maybe even getting to see him, it’ll be more like it was… just better because I won’t have to worry so much because he's all grown up now.” He feels weird talking to Cas about this, almost like he shouldn’t, but who else is he going to talk to about this. Who else would even care?
“Mmm? Ya sunshine. Why, you don't like it?” Cas looks a bit embarrassed so Dean quickly assures him.
Through an open window, he can see Cas crouched, back to him, next to a child asleep in their bed. It’s a bit hard for him to hear what Cas says to them but he thinks he hears murmured words of love and promises that this isn’t the last they’ll hear from him. Standing, Cas drags a hand down his face he leans in and presses a drawn-out kiss to their forehead. His hand rests on the top of their head and his fingers are threaded into their hair.
“Castiel what is it you wanted to talk to us about,” his ma says when she sees him hovering just outside the doorway.
Charles is the one to deliver the meal that night and he again doesn't know how to feel about that. Nerves pinch at the sides of his mind that he had read the night before wrongly and that Cas was not acting as he thought he was, and that now he was being avoided at all costs to not engage further with a man who may have been too forward in his actions. Is he going to be discovered in such a way now? But that look Cas had given him, the way his smile formed when he had been caught staring, does that not prove at least that Cas found the attention flattering if misplaced?
“Now, I’m beyond bored sitting here and I want to read, can you grab a book for me please,” she says drawing out the ‘e’ in the middle of the word. “Maybe steal whatever Inias has been reading. We always like the same books,” She smiles as Castiel gets up to do her bidding, her hand reaching out and tapping against him in an effort to make sure he heard her.
“It’s the silliest thing, but I was the only child born or brought home on a Thursday at the time of my birth, even Gadreel wasn't born on a Thursday, but a Friday instead, and so I’m named for the angel of Thursday. It is far more obscure than my siblings, which will always be a bit of an annoyance.”
It had bothered him for days, as he learned what Cas looked like in his different emotions, how happiness tilted his neck back and screwed his eyes shut, how worry brought his brows close together and his jaw clench, how frustration—aimed at him—caused a smile to breach his lips and his eyes to roll as they partially hardened with resolve.
Castiel is no stranger to lingering touches from men but as his fingers graze gently against Winchesters his heart deems it grand enough to flip in his chest and the heat within him resurfaces, lighting him up from his core. His eyes catch on Winchesters and he holds the stare, allowing the heat of it to consume him for as long as he can before tipping his head back and slowly taking a long draw from the narrow lip of the flask, barely registering the burning that usually stops him from indulging in more than a quick pull. He’s acutely aware that not a minute ago Winchester’s lips were pressed to the same metal his now are. If he savours the moment for longer than her should, it’s really no fault of his own.
“You want to stand arms out in front of yourself, one to steady your aim and one to pull the trigger, all you do to aim is look down the barrel. Don’t be embarrassed if it doesn’t hit its mark. That’s about all you’ll need to know to shoot the thing so, I’ll show you the stance and fire off a few shots before you try your hand. And we should both be glad I decided to buy some extra ammo a few days ago.”
Now laying flat on his back Cas reaches up and lightly grips Dean’s left wrist, looking up again he says, “This is gonna hurt Dean.” before he moves it up to his opposite shoulder.
I'm not overly fond of this chapter's ending but it's also not the actual ending of this fix it so I have decided to just let that go and post it anyways
“Fuck Dean, no one should look that sinful handling a gun so competently, so assuredly,” Cas bites out as he traces his tongue around the vein in Dean’s neck. The cooling track it leaves makes him shiver, as do Cas’ words. “So beautiful, flawless. I should have known, everything about you is incredible.”
“Would you like a name?” Cas asks peering down at him.
“Dean, Cas died human, we knew his grace was waning, we knew it could happen, he went to heaven just like Sam did. And I went after them, asked them if they wanted to come back. But it was different with you. Chuck was really pissed with you though, he didn't properly kill you, I mean you were dead absolutely but your soul was trapped; it wasn’t in heaven like it should have been, it wasn't even in hell, it was like he was hiding you from getting saved. Billie and Amara helped me find you, Dean he sent you to purgatory but he hadn’t let your soul go, it's like he was just waiting until your soul snapped before dropping you there.” He said and it was all too easy to picture Chuck holding his soul until he went mad, until he became the same as all the monsters he’d killed since he was old enough to hold a weapon.
He’s lived a long enough life that he understands the difference in feelings that come with meeting certain people, people that he can only assume are meant to be something special to him. He understands the feelings as best he’s able, reasonably sure that there is an inherent part of him that is incapable of producing reciprocal feelings, he surely had never met someone for which he shared the intense interest, men or women alike. But with Cas, he may be starting to understand what the fuss is all about.
His reasoning’s sound, once Ibby is done, or near enough to it, he’ll be expected to work on Ringer at least in part. And without knowing how long he will be on the farm—despite his hesitation at staying too long—since there was no way to know how long Charles would be away, he figures that getting some time in with the boy is only going to benefit him in the ‘long term’.
Though Dean's assumption was that saying that would have been enough, Cas waits for him to actually speak to his acceptance.
It was dark, that was the first thing he could tell, the darkness was cloying, it gripped his skin and refused to let go, he coughed, panic rising when the echo of it did not move very far. Flashbacks of his resurrection and his nightmares of the Ma’lak box filled his mind; he reached his arms out surprised when they were able to fully extend.
“Have you thought of seeing Sam again?”
Cas stumbles backwards, blood blooming a dangerous red against the fabric of his shirt, his face is drawn with pain, with shock. It takes only a split second of deafening terror for Dean to act. Ignoring the pain the wound on his arm is making as he moves (of course the bastards hit his shooting arm) he raises his gun and with absolutely no hesitation, he fires until the men fall, collapsing upon themselves as their blood mixes into the dirt.
He’s sitting in his room, blank sheets of paper in front of him after talking with Dean. Jody’s back tomorrow, Dean’s departure is inching closer and the conversation they just shared had gone so differently from what Castiel had wanted—but even still it had given him an idea.
Confused, he asks, “What do you mean?”
The sight is too much for him, he’s wound so tightly, is so desperate for Cas to fuck him that seeing him fuck up against his crack when it could be sliding into him instead snaps what little resolve he held.
He doesn’t know how they end up so close together, too lost in the deep green of Dean’s eyes to care.
Dean stills, “I mean he’s my brother and I miss him but I don’t want to cause any problems for him.”
When Death comes back—thankfully interrupting the nonsense going on around him—it's far sooner than Dean would have thought but he’s not about to complain, quick study or not they have answers now.
His father is so quick to write off someone so hard working and kind, someone who has a way with animals he could never hope to have. Who, despite the horrors he’s suffered, still manages to be selfless and giving while shielding his heart so carefully so as to not be hurt again. And why? Because of preconceived notions of the type of person Dean must be because when they met, he was nameless?
Red seeps into his vision, but he makes himself stay calm.
“Loud and clear Dean.”
He can feel his mother's eyes searching for him, in the rippling sensation that makes its home on the back of his neck and causes a shiver to descend his back despite the heat. He wants to turn around, to shoo her away and leave them to spend this time alone properly but that would raise too much suspicion on what they are doing, on his motives behind this time alone with a man that captured and monopolized his empty hours and filled them with pretenses of a timeline in which circumstance were not what they are, one where he could be open with him and the thoughts that have consumed him since he first saw him, could live and flourish within a sanctity that’s impossible for them to ever have.
“I want you, Cas. I don’t want to pretend,” he says around the thickness in his throat. Fear strikes him as the confession leaves his lips; so often the truth hurts more than lies ever can. He waits as his stomach sinks into the floor for Cas to respond, to laugh at him, to be disgusted. Why he expects it he doesn’t know. Cas was the one to broach this topic, Cas seems to want the answer Dean has been dying to give for weeks now. Still, he waits because a part of him will never believe he may get to have something good.
like Cas’ old protection
The rest of his siblings arrive and file through the door, all except for Lucifer, but no one’s truly that shocked about that. He’d had little contact with the family and Castiel isn’t sure if his brother even knew that the family was gathering.
They continue through breakfast with menial chatter before Cas heads back into the house promising to meet him in the barn later on.
Rolling his eyes, exasperated he states, “Thank you, I only hope the buyer sees the same as you do.”
“Yes Sir.”
His hips thrust forward, rutting their cocks together as he licks his way into Cas’ mouth, he lets their tongues tangle lazily basking in the joy of not having to rush.
Dean crouches as quietly as he can, something in his chest pulls at the actions of the unknown person, like he’s heard those same steps in a similar pattern before. He tries to think quickly about who he could be about to face, which man he crossed who had a step pattern like that but comes up blank.
He’s had enough of this confusion, has had enough of this treatment without explanation. His brother gives him a look that shows his understanding yet again as he takes the toy from his hands, and for the first time in years, Castiel is glad to be on the receiving end of that look.
“We had supper a few hours ago at most, how could you possibly be that hungry again?”
“That’s fine, family is the most important thing,” Dean says quickly, tensely. Castiel can see the stance of his shoulders is just as tight as it was the day before and realizes that Dean has not smiled properly at him at all yet. Though he rarely smiled much at all, Castiel had been the recipient of a fair number of them since they became tentative friends and far more when they became more confident in their newly made friendship.
It’s not long before Charles comes out of the house again, but this morning he’s followed by Cas. He can’t help the fluttering in his stomach or the way he feels his body heat up at the glint in the man's eyes. Nervous energy runs through him at what Cas’ presence could mean, his mind briefly flashes to Cas having outed him to his father and that this was a quick conversation at best and a ruining one at worst.
“Dean?” The question is whispered as though Cas is afraid to break through his senses.
Cas takes him back to the machine shed and they run through them all again, with Charles in town with Hannah, a great deal of the normal work of the farm is on hold, awaiting his return, so for the time being Cas makes sure he is ready for Charles’ when that does happen.
“He would do that, wouldn’t he?”
“Still, she shouldn't have asked, she’s old enough to know better, though she did seem to enjoy your response. You’re quite charming.”
Michael and Raphael hug him longer than he would have thought they would, but it's nice. Hester takes the time to talk with him almost one on one—Alfie spends their conversation clinging to his waist since Anael had made an exit at some point. It’s nice to know that his siblings do miss him even though they’ve grown up and started their own lives, mostly without him in them.
Before he can duck in again and lock their lips together Cas takes a half step back. His eyes roam over the expanse of Dean’s chest. He fights the urge to cover himself, he can’t remember the last time someone looked so intensely at his torso and as such he’s not used to the feeling of the eyes on him. Cas looks from scar to scar, from freckle to freckle, and from each piece of his anatomy to the next.
He figures the day will be reasonably uneventful, Charles didn’t return the previous night so work on a large scale is paused until he is able—until Hannah is able—to come home, or perhaps until she isn’t.
“Shit you feel so good, so fucking good. Not gonna last when it's my cock, so tight. God Dean, you surpass everything even my wildest of dreams could have made up. Can’t wait to show you how incredible you are,” Cas babbles mindlessly.
Dean stands and looks around the barn. The saddle hook where Cas had caught him. The only stall that ever held an animal stands empty now, but he can remember so vividly how Remy had come to his aid in times of stress. The stray straw that Cas kicked up when he was nervous. The spot where he’d laid his head as he finally began to feel as though he could be safe.
As they pass the house Cas looks at it and Dean can only imagine what plays through his head as he does. The laughter of his siblings, the odd fights he had with Gabriel, the voice of his parents, the smell of the kitchen, the way the dust would swirl as it was caught in the yellow beams of sunlight that would stream through his bedroom windows. He doesn't ask and Cas doesn’t share.
And he knows that to some degree, while he will always blame himself for what happened to Cas, Cas will just as completely blame
“I understand that I have no seniority here but if you are worried about the safety of your family there is no way I’d allow for anything to happen to them if I could stop it. I am reasonably well versed in dealing with that sort of thing and I'm not one to shy away from an altercation if it means that I'm protecting someone."
A broken shout makes its way from Cas’ chest as he bites down on the juncture of Dean’s neck and shoulder. The pain ignites his every sense and it’s all he can do to hold back for even a few more seconds. His back arches off the ground, his hips roll as best they can up into the channel of their joined fists.
He was lost as Cas did so, both in his presence and in terms of the care of his injury so he sat back as Cas worked. Cas’d said that he was lucky the wound stayed clean or he’d have had to have had an unpleasant chat with his ma about the infection—in which she likely would have reprimanded him like he’d never experienced, which he believed, a parents anger was much different from a stranger though no less frightening—and he’d been grateful that for once the forces of the universe had been on his side.
Hauling the thing up to shoulder height with all the weight that it carried and with only one arm resulted in him losing his balance. As Dean tried to get a foot underneath him to catch himself, hoping to avoid ending up sprawled on the floor again, he tipped, the weight of the saddle causing him to fall faster than what was normal and it seemed to do more to carry him down to the ground than his own wobbling had.
Cas looks back up at him, shifting ever so slightly but doesn't move his finger save to rest his palm against Dean’s chest so very close to his widely beating heart.
“A double if you have it please,” Cas requests with a sharp look at him. He doesn't even try to fight the booking.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asks.
“Ah yes, I’m sure the post workers are tired of sorting mail for me as this was the fifth letter this week but this one is from Inias. Well really it’s from Anael and is sent by Gabriel, but Inias asked for the letter to be written.” The whole chain of ownership to get a letter from the farm out here makes his head hurt with its layers but it’s more than worth it to see that dopey smile on Cas’ face whenever one comes in. “It’s a drawing this time, which Anael says is apparently me, Dean, and Inias from that day on the farm where she came over and then we eventually went and spent some time with everyone. And if I'm not mistaken, that right there is Ringer.” Cas turns the pictures around and Dean can see the shapes of people and just behind them an odd blob with four legs and a tail that is clearly meant to be their old horse.
Though, hadn’t Cas said often enough how little he wants that life for himself? Or was Dean conflating his words to better fit what he had wanted to hear from the man instead?
When Charles returned to the farm, and Dean’s body had still been healing, the work Cas had been given increased; but regardless, he still spent the majority of his day with Dean. Cas had been right, talking to each other had made their time together go by faster and had also made the work easier.
He brings the fingers up to his mouth and licks their mixed come from them; it's odd but not wholly unappealing and he finds himself sighing at the taste. Cas lets out a ragged groan beside him and Dean peers down at him to see Cas fixated on his mouth.
After a quick look at Ringer and a few final questions, Jody pulls a folded stack of papers and a small box from the pockets of her dress. She wasn’t nearly as formally dressed four days ago, but Castiel assumes that she dressed for the finalization of their transaction. When she opens the box, Castiel can see a pen, a wax seal, and a small candle. Though he can’t see it, he also assumes that the box contains a fire steel and splint.
He’d talked down about Dean, implied that his interest in the man was born from something other than pure
The man beside him grins, his teeth disgusting colours of yellow and brown. He makes to get the bag again, willing to use force if necessary but he’s shoved back. Before he can get himself righted again and into a position to strike, pain blooms along his cheek.
The pack of them head around to the back of the house using the shade from the trees to stave off some of the heat of the day. He wants to go over to see Cas but knows better than to do so, the only sibling who knows about them is Gabriel and it’s not his call if Cas wants there to be an introduction.
“Cas please, I’m ready, I’m so damn ready,” Dean pleas, pumping his closed fist over Cas’ cock.
Cas grips into the hem of his shirt and begins to slowly lift it, his hands trail against the bumps of the scars on his back, playing against the muscle and leaving a burning trail in their wake.
“I understand that this isn’t as big an announcement as some of you may have been expecting, but nonetheless I didn’t think it right to not share the updates of your home,” his pa finishes. Some of his siblings raise questions but none raise issue with it.
He doesn't notice Cas coming up to him until his shoes step into his line of vision. His hands sway, wanting to reach out for Dean but not knowing if he’s allowed.
He lifts the flask to his mouth, all too aware that Cas is watching him the whole time and takes a long swig, the whiskey burning its way down his throat and settling not unpleasantly in his stomach. His eyes catch Cas flicking his gaze to his throat as it works another swallow of the liquor down and his heart quickens when Cas leans his head against the door frame. Almost like it's too much of a chore to keep supported and a different heat pools in his stomach, he’s saved from making any rash decisions, from giving in and following that heat as he has in the past, by a discordant call from who he assumes is Cas’ ma, Cas leans back at his waist to peak at the house grabbing the door frame for stability and he can’t help as his eyes trail down Cas’ form, and his mouth runs a bit dry at the power he can tell Cas’ legs hold, at the solid strength of his middle, and the sharp angle of his jaw. He takes another quick sip from the flask, hoping, but failing, to do so before Cas turns back, and he can’t tell for the distance but he thinks he sees a smirk on the man's face.
A smug smirk finds its way onto his face, what had at one point been an interesting coincidence just became the ticket to getting what he needs.
And to make matters worse, Cas had asked him about it the next morning. Of course,
He knows it’s a paltry comparison, if he was able, if he let himself, he would speak on the colour of his eyes until the entire world knew of their incredulity, their boundless and immeasurable awe, how they give so easily to the warmth a smile creates, how they would allow him to slip into their colour and sink, sink farther than he ever has before.
Cas comes back out of the house with the tin of Vaseline just as his ma grabs a bottle of dark liquid. “Boy this is going to sting, I’m cleaning the cut now so just sit still.”
Dean pauses, but only for a second, to think about how truthful he should be in his answer. “We ran into a bit of trouble with some other travellers but we made it out okay.”
A feeling spreads itself wide in Dean’s chest, stretching itself into every corner, taking up all the space it can until it's the only thing he can feel. Yet he can’t name it. The fact that Cas is prepared to leave this place should make him proud. Hell, it does make him proud because it means that Cas is going to go after what he wants, especially if he chooses to believe that Cas isn’t going to succumb to what his ma wants. Either way he’s prepared to move on, but it hurts beyond comprehension that he doesn’t want to move on with Dean. That he’s content to learn from Dean how to leave behind all he’s ever known but that he in no way wants to do so in order to stay with him.
There's no one around, but the cracks are still loud, and Dean’s not exactly looking to injure his hearing.
And so he fought against his rage, against his want to throw something, hit something, scream until he was hoarse and instead he moved up until his arm encircled Cas waist and his face pressed itself against his stomach.
“That doesn’t mean you couldn't have still gotten injured again.” Cas comes to stand beside him, he doesn't try to stop the mild shiver that makes its way down his spine with Cas so close.
hear Cas’ voice admonishing him for thinking that he didn't have a support system, that he didn't have people who loved him and wanted him to be okay and it strips him raw. Because it’s only been a few weeks, how could he already be forgetting his voice, or which way he tilted his head when he didn’t understand some random human action, which foot he started with when he stood up from a chair, if he liked smooth or crunchy peanut butter better even if it was all molecules to him, what his arms felt like wrapped around him, how he sighed when Dean was being an idiot, what his smiles looked like as he sat at their kitchen table talking with Jack.
seemed to be his friend,
“It's not my fault you had so many siblings to converse with as a child, in all honesty, I’m not sure I've ever had a friend before. Sammy, I suppose, but aside from him? Wasn’t so lucky as to make friends easy, ya see, and I never had the time to spend doin’ so.”
“You think you can goad me Dean? That you can say my name like the most unholy of prayers and I'll bend to your will?” Cas grits putting more pressure behind both of his hands. “Answer me Dean.”
“He did take the name to heart, while my other older siblings went off to marry and establish themselves in new cities, Lucifer fought against the way my parents wanted us to live, instead of marrying, he took off. We aren’t sure if he’s even coming back in a few days like the others, there have been rumours, told to us through my brothers, that he fathered a child. But no one knows if it’s true as we have no idea who the woman is.”
“I don’t blame you fully for this Castiel, but the responsibilities of the farm have been left aside for far too long and I am beginning to worry that your head is not in the right place as of now.”
He watches as the well of tears clears from Jack’s eyes and is forcefully reminded again that his kid really is only three and has already seen horrors that any other person couldn't even dream up. And fuck he wants this fight to be over so that Jack can live a life that is normal, or at least more normal. So he shelves the rest of his anger, tables the questions and the betrayal sitting in his heart and focuses back on task.
After losing Cas to his deal with the empty Dean's grief shows itself in determination (like after Sam's death in s2,
That night at supper Castiel asks his parents to allow him a moment of their time before they retire to their room for the night.
“Cas- I, what are you doing up?” He asked because, ya he had finally figured it out but there was no way he was just going to jump right into the conversation, he needed to psych himself up for this and he wasn’t about to do it with an audience, even if that audience was him, well not
Sam sneaks the song into the playlist for the reception, their guests assume it’s just another popular song with a decent beat but for them, it’s undoubtedly more.
“You’ve done an incredible job with him Dean,” Cas says as Dean stands again, catching his eyes. Dean can see the sincerity in his face.
“It was my own fault you know; he didn’t do it maliciously. Besides you were there near constantly in the first week or so of his training,” Dean reminds him.
Intuition tells him that they are as far from harmless as can be. His hand brushes his reloaded pistol and he weighs his options. Brandish the gun now and hope to scare them off or see what they want. Perhaps it's nothing more than a ration of food or directions—though the prickling on his neck shows that he knows how unlikely that is.
“Ya! I’m in here,” he shouts, silently thankful his breath had come back enough to make that more than a weak wheeze.
Dean releases a short laugh, “Honestly, the morning I left town and ended up on your parent's farm. Before that, I thought I knew who I was, but I was wrong. Not a moment of my life has been the same as it was since I relented to the needs of my body and walked onto your property hoping for hospitality.”
like Cas’ grace
After some time, in which they simply sat with each other, Beam—named for exactly where she’d been perched when they found her in the barn—purring at Dean’s side where she's now curled up enjoying the quiet and company, Dean’s stomach starts to growl. Cas looks at him sideways, an amused smile playing at his lips and Dean shoves him a bit with his shoulder.
Shuffling again, he can’t help the noises of pain that slips unabated through his lips as he frees his trapped arm and uses it to lift himself from the ground. Well, he tries to lift himself from the ground but the movement of his shoulder has him curling upon himself in pain. A groan rips itself from his throat as several more, less intense, waves of pain crash around him, radiating from his shoulder down his arm and into his chest. He gives up quickly on trying to get his arm out from under his body.
Cas breathes out an understanding laugh, “You like that don’t you
“Ya well I didn’t exactly have anything to write down on them back then, did I?” he says in a minorly clipped tone.
“What?” he says making a face. “It’s better to be prepared isn’t it? We have more food than we need just in case, more water for Ringer, I just thought it might be smart to have some extra rounds.”
Their movements are a bit choppy and stilted, unsure of where to lay hands down upon the other, unaware of how far to take their intimacy. As he licks his way into Cas’ mouth, he feels Cas shift. Cas walks forwards on his knees, shuffling them both awkwardly downwards and neither thinks themselves too serious not to at least chuckle at the mishaps they share in their time together.
When he looks up from his hands, his fingers twitching with the memories that refuse to settle, Cas is looking into his face, eyes open when he knows his are guarded, and he wishes, not for the first time, that he was able to reflect that look back at Cas, but fear grips at his chest and keeps its hold deep in his spine. He looks at the ground instead.
Dean blames his ridiculously unstable position he’s in for what happens next.
He keeps his mouth shut as Dean talks to Jody, and later that night while Dean talks to him while they read the information Jody left. Castiel can’t help the feeling that spreads in his chest at seeing Dean able to read the words laid out in front of him, he only wishes it was strong enough to overpower the one of unease that’s taken residence beneath his ribcage.
He can’t seem to make himself speak so he nods instead. Castiel looks at him, in the low light from the lantern he thinks he sees pleading in his eyes, but there's no way to tell for sure.
“I have some ideas, but sharing them would take away half the fun,” Cas says as he leans in, a whisper’s breath away from Dean’s lips. “You’ll just have to wait and see.” He holds his stance for another moment, the tension around them hums against his skin, just as he’s about to lean in to close the minuscule distance Cas pulls back with a self-satisfied smirk on his face. “I’ll see you later, maybe I’ll bring the flask,” he says with a teasing hilt to his voice.
Ellen sizes him up for a moment but concedes.
“Boy, if you’re working here you’ll be earning a keep,” he tosses out gruffly. “I can’t say that it’ll be much, but I ain’t having people here with nothing more than room and board as payment. That said, I’ve got a barn out back by the house. It’s got a cleared stable in it, so for now you’ll sleep there.”
He pays the innkeeper handsomely for his discretion and laughs at how things have changed. Half a decade ago he would have been the one collecting the money for the establishments to look the other way and now he’s the one handing over the money.
Let me know what y'all thought! Comments and Kudos are always appreciated<3
“I don’t think so…” Dean stops for a second, grappling with it all. “I knew who I was before I signed those papers, but there's a part of me that says I should feel new. That this marks the start of my new life, but I don’t feel like it does.”
“Well I know what words we’ll start with today; if you're agreeable of course.” Cas sends him a smile before sitting against the side of the barn, out of the view of the house. It astonishes him again how Cas more or less refuses to treat him as ‘proper manners’ dictates, he's glad for it of course but he wonders why he responds as he does when surely his parents taught him better than that.
Dean smiles at her, a real uninhibited smile. The first one in days. Then he catches Cas’ eye and starts for the stairs.
“Dean used to nickname the guns he’d find and grab up, always based on the maker but still it was ridiculous,” Sam offers traitorously.
“Can’t see a reason not to be, this seems to be a pretty big day for your pa.”
A truly embarrassing noise makes its way from his lungs when he lays his hand and sweeps it across Cas’ uninjured shoulder and down his arm, the hard muscle beneath his skin has fantasies playing out in rapid fire succession in his mind.
When the shot rings out it clears the tree, straying so wide doesn’t lay a scratch on it. Dean schools his expression, no one is a crack shot the second they start shooting, but Cas still manages to be disappointed in himself.
When his ma calls from the door he sighs and leans back to peak at her, stressing the poor joints at the base of his spine to do so. When he turns back Winchester is quickly drinking again from his flask and a zing shoots down his core as a smirk plays upon his lips. He hopes he is reading this correctly and that Winchester may be into his particular brand of blasphemy.
“I’ll believe that when you start shrinking.”
He hears the squeals of excited children not long after the man finishes his instructions and leaves.
He and Winchester rush their chores, making sure that enough gets done that they aren’t piling on work for themselves for the next day. The foal takes some work, they need to walk him out and check his shoes on top of their training. They attempt to get him used to tacking but it’s such slow progress that they vow to dedicate more time to him later on.
“Unfortunately it seems that I haven't learned much from past experiences, I should probably work on that huh?” Dean says in a clipped tone, both from anger and pain.
“We’ll figure it out soon enough,” Dean says before leaning to look into Ringers' eyes. “Won’t we boy?”
Cas mentions something about a baby all the while perking up out of the melancholy he was in before and when an opening can be found Dean cuts in to ask, “Did you get a look at Impala before you joined us?”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that Cas,” he says holding Cas’ gaze and cocking an eyebrow, hoping for some understanding to come simply from that. “You may have done some unspeakable things but I assure you that they couldn’t possibly hold a candle to certain actions of my own.”
His knees protest more but nothing has ever felt this
It’s just past midday as they ride along the main road into Jody’s land. Her property stretches out around them further than Dean can see, the fence line disappears before it turns to define the edges of her farm.
He realizes what a terrible idea this is the second he’s in Cas’ personal space. His hands land on Cas’ hips to twist and tilt them slightly, lining his center over the middle point of his legs. His mind wanders as he grips the warm skin, a slow burn makes its way down his spine, his fingers stretch around the curve of his hip and rest gently on his hip bones.
Dean avoids Cas’ eye as he tosses him his shirt. When Cas comes to stand behind him he knows just how many of his scars the man is able to see. The spider web scars that reach down from his ear from a time when glass shattered frequently over his head. The puck scars along his forearm from the burns of cigarettes that were put out against him for pissing people off too often.
Dean hisses at the emptiness and the feeling of Cas’ come trying to leave him, but never stops kissing Cas back, it’s far too easy to get lost in the slick slide of their lips and tongues to pause for a bit of discomfort. Though he only gets a few more seconds before Cas pulls back with a concerned look draped across his face.
Worry gnaws at him as his time on the farm grows, Charles wouldn’t for a second attempt to shelter him against anyone if his family was threatened even for a moment.
“I wouldn't do that if I were you,” he warns, voice low and far more threatening than he’s had cause to use in months. In his periphery he sees Cas flinch and the dread is back, turning his stomach inside out. “Return the money and walk away now or you’ll live to regret it.” When all he gets in return is a pair of matching smug smiles his hand twitches towards his gun.
The woman approaches the fence line, Dean piles his reins onto the top of Ringer's saddle and strides over to where she is standing.
He grabs some paper and writes another letter to Sam. He swallows his nerves and asks if Sam wants to ride into town to see each other again, he can’t imagine his brother would decline but it’s been almost a year at this point since they’ve seen each other and Dean knows that they’ve both changed, that they aren't the same men that parted ways back then.
Dean is hardly able to stay present throughout the next hour or so, Jody had the forethought to write out most of what she would say so that Dean could read it later and work through whatever words he didn’t immediately understand. He and Cas interchangeably explain the work Dean had been up to in his weeks on the farm and answer whatever questions Jody asked about his knowledge or problem solving, as well as the less common work Dean had done in his life and on the farm.
from it, he was always stuck in his ways and with each move—be it place to place when they’d been run out of wherever they’d been sleeping or the bigger moves where people knew nothing of him—he’d forget bit by bit that he wasn’t always like that. He forgot until there was no part of his mind that could remember.
Anger and frustration bubble up inside him again. What the hell is wrong with Dean? He isolates himself, calls Castiel by a name he knows he hates, turns every interaction cold, and yet he watches him throughout the day, and if Gabriel caught it, Dean would have to have been looking at him for days. None of it made sense, and that only served to upset him more.
Dean’s experienced similar pain before, pouring some drink on any cut or burn to clean it before letting it be, however he learns very quickly that the real stuff hurts a whole lot more than some gin or the like. Since he can’t walk off the pain, he just sits there tapping his foot to the porch and hums tersely through gritted teeth.
He’d always wanted this but he’d never allowed himself to focus on it too intently. But now, with their makeshift tent under the gig, he can’t even imagine leaving to do anything but stoke the fire to keep them warm, and even then, no part of him ever stops touching Cas.
He's crawling into the seat, rooting around in their bags for the flask, knowing that if—
Cas ends up with a child wrapped around his waist, a young boy, possibly the youngest of all of them and he smiles. With the way Cas has talked about his siblings before, he knows how much they mean to him, but watching it is so different from hearing about it.
Dean thinks that the only way to make this opportunity feasible—what with it meaning he’d have to say goodbye to Cas—would be to be close to Sam.
As fate would have it, no one had looted his body so he was able to take from his father's corpse a bit of money, his bag and journal to sell, and his necklace with both his parents rings on it.
Their breathing begins to settle and their come starts to dry on his chest. A small glob of it begins to slip down the curve of his stomach, trekking a cool path towards his back. Without thinking he stops it with his fingers collecting it on the pads and through a mix of burning desire and general curiosity he acts on an impulse he’s had for weeks.
And that's nothing to say about the appearance of him, not even in his dirtiest of fantasies could he have conjured an image of such a man. He’s not overly surprised that his mouth runs dry, images that not even a priest could handle hearing in confession spring to the forefront of his mind and as quickly as they do, he stops them. It wouldn't do to expose himself or his proclivities, especially to a stranger. Not to mention how rude it is to reduce a person to just their physical attributes.
They stop outside of a saloon that also functions as an inn. Large letters spell out 'The Roadhouse' above the door and as they ride up to the front Dean waves over a young man with long brown hair—though oddly enough it’s short in the front—and climbs from the seat.
He hadn’t tried anything the past couple of days, wanting to give Cas time to process and come to terms with what he did by choosing to follow Dean. Guilt and grief are tricky things and Dean hadn’t wanted to derail the process with something as inconsequential as sex.
He shuffles around and presses his back against the trunk of the tree. His ass is uncomfortable as hell what with the roots and the wet cold earth below him but his knees appreciate the switch.
“What’s going to happen when we get to Jody’s?” Cas asks once his head is resting on his shoulder again.
“You uh—you're holding the chalk wrong again, remember it needs to sit on a finger, you can’t ball your fist around it or you’re more likely to break your tools.” He watches as Winchester struggles for a second trying to maneuver the chalk around in his hand without trying to use his other hand to help. It’s not that he has the fine motor skills of a child but rather that the motion is so foreign to him, he finds it difficult to work the instrument correctly.
“Well I’ve got to say you took that much better than the last person who showed interest in one of my younger siblings, I’m quite impressed.”
He and Cas answer at the same time, Cas with “Yes Pa.” and him with an “Of course Sir.” and though he doesn’t turn to confirm it he thinks he sees Cas focus his stare on him for just a moment.
If he’d thought on Dean’s first night that he was in trouble, it was cemented that night, as he talked to the man while checking his bandages, how foolish he was to have thought that based just on Dean's appearance alone. The fact of the matter was that knowing him in any capacity had decimated any hope of walking away from their time together, however short, unscathed. And yet he knows he would welcome whatever damage the universe deemed fit to deal him.
“I’m not, I don’t even feel different after it. I kinda always thought I would, y’know years ago when I let myself dream that it might happen.”
It’s different that night, and the night after, everything feels softer, calmer. Like for once, Dean can bask in the glory of a peaceful night. One spent outdoors no less. He still sleeps with one hand under his pillow, fingers a twitch away from his gun, but his other hand is always against Cas. When Cas curls up behind him their hands rest entwined on his stomach. When he tucks himself into the open space at Cas’ side his hand rests over Cas’ heart. If Cas mirrors that position Dean rests his hand on his hip. Never before has he had such tenderness in any of his past relationships—if you could even call them that—never before had he craved it so much.
“So tell me, why’s it that you had to leave where you lived? Most folks I know are born, live, and die within the same county limits. And if they do leave, they’ve got a plan already in place but I get the feeling that isn't the case for you, is it?”
Dean feels his cheeks go crimson with the implication but doesn’t try to hide it.
Because yes his brother is dead, but also his brother is directly in front of him talking about taking refuge in a church named for him. Because now it’s only Michael in there and he doesn't know how to mourn Adam, but fuck if that kid didn’t deserve so much more than the Winchester curse.
“It wasn't the noise; I just didn’t sleep the best is all,” Dean replies tensely.
“Of course Pa.”
A silence settles heavily around the table and he needs to break it or he may crumble under the unintentional pressure.
“I’m sorry?” he asks back. Cas blanches his eyes become shifty; his breath turns sharp.
“Wh- what happened to Cas and Sam Jack, if the empty is asleep again it has him doesn't it? How are we supposed to get him back if it's offline?” Panic and anger was rising in his blood again.
Normally he would never allow a dog anywhere near the upholstery but this dog, this dog is something else and he can’t keep the smile off his face or control the elation in his chest.
Dean stopped allowing his life to be dictated by those that think less of him on some disgusting principle and Castiel can’t find it anywhere in himself to be anything but proud about that, even if it means saying goodbye to him.
“It doesn't matter either way, right now I’m not exactly able to leave the farm and head off to school, and even with the whole ‘Castiel you need to get married’—” Cas says in a terrible impression of his ma which includes stern hand motions to indicated her speaking, that has Dean laughing quietly and catching his breath as a frighteningly fond feeling spreads throughout his chest again, “—speech that I keep receiving, my help is needed here for another year or two at least."
“When I was a child I had a brother, we were born together but I’m told I came first, but I don’t remember all that much of him—” He starts playing with a loose bit of hay, ripping chunks off and tossing them not gently to the ground, “—we weren't identical, apparently that can happen sometimes, he—we were five when he died, I’m still not sure of what he died from, but he wasn’t allowed to play for a long time before that day. My older brothers say that the death nearly killed my ma along with him. Say that she fell into the word of the Lord, never truly came away from it.” He looks in the direction of the house with a wrinkle along his brow, “When my younger siblings came along together, I was nearing nine and I remember the cold that cloaked the room, Gadreel was on everyone's minds when Balthazar was born.
“Dean,” he says as he tightens the grip in his hair, causing him to jerk back with the force of it, he doesn't have to say anything else, Dean’s eyes haze again as he takes in what Castiel can only imagine is a face that brooks no argument in its heat.
“My brother is riding into town today,” Dean says. “He should be here soon.”
It takes him three days to pick which farm he’s going to choose. In truth that's a lie, the second he’d figured out which was the closest to Sam he’d had his answer but a part of him refused to acknowledge the decision because of what it meant for him.
“You know nothing of the sort of affairs I may partake in,” Cas replies, challengingly, and he feels them slipping closer to the ground they settled on before. But he needs to be sure, he can’t risk getting this wrong. He tries not to focus too keenly on what Cas could mean by ‘affairs’, one way he gets into some trouble here and there, the other he gets into something else entirely.
“I don't know what you're talking about man, Cas and I - it's not like that, I don't feel what you think I feel, it's not like that, you're totally off base there.” Real fucking convincing Winchester he thinks to himself, he always knew he had a terrible case of foot in mouth syndrome but that was bad even for him.
Cas’ arms wrap around him so tightly he’s stunned into stillness. With his head burrowed into Dean's neck, Cas releases shaky breaths. Without pausing to think if it's the right move, Dean winds his arms around Cas’ form, the answering hitch in Cas’ breathing tells him he chose correctly.
He remarks with surprise that this is the first silence in Cas’ presence that he’s felt at ease. The more he thinks he comes to the realization that this might be the only time he’s felt at peace in years; even with the hum of tension and the gnawing in his stomach at being so open and truthful. The practice of anonymity is a hard one to unlearn, and even more so is the feeling of safety involved with it.
They both leave Sam’s room. Sam heads to the library to grab a couple books, all things he’ll need for both research on the spell they already found and manipulated to get Cas back and what he might need to work out how to set the empty straight again.
“He’s not a threat, he can’t even fight back,” the man laughs wickedly. “Ahh I’m not living to regret a thing boy, run along now before I decide to relieve you of the rest of your things as well.”
Cas sweeps his tongue into Dean’s mouth, and Dean lets him take the kiss wherever he chooses. Cas’ growing cock presses against his thigh as Dean submits to him and his insides get a little twisted with pride at that. A devilish flick of his tongue draws a moan from him and as Cas repeats the move, a flip switches.
His shirt is rucked up against Cas’ wrist, the slowly moving fabric adding to the myriad of sensations sprouting from the gentle caress.
He bends forwards, a breathless noise makes its way from both their throats at the press of skin on skin. His fingers skim the line of Cas’ jaw, the swirls catching along his stubble, he draws his thumb along his bottom lip, the softness of it such a contrast to the roughness against the rest of his hands.
First posted April 11th 2021. Can be found
Immediately the kiss is all consuming, their hands grapple at each other's clothes, pulling and pushing without really accomplishing anything. Dean gets his hand up under Cas’ shirt and scores lines into the flesh of his back. The strong muscle beneath the skin ripples with his touch and he grips his hand at the stretch of his waist, his fingers digging into the sinews every time the heat between them goes up a notch.
He studies Cas a moment, trying to imagine him forced into something he so clearly doesn't want simply so he could learn or teach as he’s wanted to for so long. All he can see is a future that seems bleak, a woman who entered the relationship thinking that she would be getting her happy ending, children who may grow to think they were unwanted, Cas unhappy day in and day out because he submitted to what his parents wanted for him instead of seeking out his own path. Maybe Cas would be open to the idea of marriage after his schooling, after he has found his path and isn’t stuck beneath the pressure he clearly feels now.
Everything glows as he opens his eyes once Cas slows his thrusts and his eyes finally stop rolling with the delirious pleasure that courses through him.
Dean turns and looks from his position at Cas' name, the angle is atrocious so he can barely see the etchings.
Handing Cas the flask he ensures his distance from him, not trusting himself to keep his decorum if he gets too close to. It almost seems intentional, though he doesn't know on whose part, that their fingers brush against each other and he has to suppress a shudder at the feeling that hits him. He’s never been struck by lightning but he reckons it must feel a bit like this. He drops his hand once Cas has the flask trying to shake out the lingering feeling of Cas’ skin against his, trying to forget the roughness of his farm worn fingers and the warmth they held against his.
“Do I even want to ask why Ringer was able to throw you around like this, I thought my pa had told you to stay away from him.”
Cas rides the curve of his ass; his purpling cock drips a steady stream of precome down his length as Dean watches them move together.
Dean’s not sure if Cas means listening to him complain or if he’s subtly referencing the fact that Dean never had a mother to pester him. Thinking that hearing about his own mother could bring up old wounds after a while.
His nights are still filled with dreams but they haven’t caused him to wake with sweat clinging to his skin in some weeks. Even as the barn stands quiet, the calm doesn’t stray into eeriness, so he’s not sure why he wakes up in the middle of the night.
The burn is stronger this time, what with Cas’ fingers being thicker than his, but Cas refuses to sink his finger in any faster despite the pleading noises that he keeps making. His mind has a singular focus, everything narrows down to how Cas feels inside him. Everything narrows to Cas underneath him, hard and wanting, lost to their shared pleasure but still refusing to rush the act, refusing to hurt him unintentionally.
Cas pistons his hips laying deep hard thrusts into him spurred on by his pleasure addled response and then switches to grinding them in a circle when he’s balls deep. Dean can’t catch his breath, every moment he thinks he might be able to, it gets knocked from his chest again as Cas worships his body, his free hand roams as best it can, pinching his nipple, rubbing down the length of his bent thigh, coming to rest high on his throat applying the most delicious pressure to the vulnerable skin.
. For the first time in his life, he’s found a place that he doesn't wish to say goodbye to.
Internally Castiel rolls his eyes, forever amused that his pa won’t use ‘Alfie’ when referencing his youngest child.
He pulled back to look at Cas, and he could tell that Cas knew what he had just pieced together.
He manages to get out to see Dean again. The man is looking a bit worse for wear in the early morning light.
“I made sure that Cas wasn’t in the empty before we closed it down. It can't come for him anymore Dean, he’s free of his deal.” Jack finished with a huge smile. He flinched slightly as Dean surged up and gathered him in the tightest hug he could manage.
He wants to watch Dean as much as he doesn’t. If he could force himself, he would stare at the slowly moving panel of sunlight that sneaks its way into the stables. Soon enough that swath of light will be gone, moved along by the sun's trek across the sky. And how apt that he takes notice of it now in the moments of crackling silence as Dean begins the process of leaving as well.
Later on, after the room had quieted as everyone returned to their work or turned in for the night to prepare for an early start the next day, Dean and Cas meander their way back to their house.
“Dean, look at me, please,” Cas says, panic of his own creeping into the request. When Dean turns and their eyes meet it dispels some of the worry. “I can stop calling you that if you want, I just thought maybe it would be best to try to replace the last time you heard that word with something nicer.”
And little by little their fight seems pointless when it had been the thing that drove them for weeks.
“Now that that's done, I’m going to turn over this first page so I know who I’ll be sending this to before we seal it.” Jody is quiet for a moment as she reads before a smile spreads across her cheeks. “Well Dean, I look forward to having you come work on my farm.”
“That's not a half-bad idea kid. Why don't you head off and watch some TV or something and I’ll talk to Sam about it when we get a moment. You need to rest after today I can see that the fight got you a bit sideways. And seeing as we have no real clue what's happening with you, how about we don't push it?”
“I mean you have Castiel, and Sam and Jack, who seems to be the adopted child of all of you. You and Castiel could really have it all so why haven't you. What's stopping you from having what you want?”
He’d been nervous to test his luck the first day they teased each other, knowing how easy it was for someone to take it the wrong way, but even then Castiel had been open to it, welcomed it almost.
He doesn’t stop as dusk falls around him, nor does he pause when the animals, who don’t take too kindly to humans, begin to roam. Maybe they’re in search of food, but he hopes not. He doesn’t think he has it in him to fight. He’s got nothing with him besides a small rucksack shored up on his shoulder; the fabric roped tightly together. It cuts into his skin through his shirt as it swings with his steps. God willing it doesn’t get bad. If it does, he’ll need help somehow, and who knows how he’ll manage that.
He’s stunned for only a moment before he schools his face as best he can and gestures to the ground, when Cas sits he looks up and studies him for a time, the stares prickle against his skin but he doesn’t react, content to allow Cas to fill the space if he desires it.
“Well I ain't ever had a ma tellin’ me to find ‘a nice girl and settle down’ but I can’t think it’s too much fun if you don’t want that life,” he says to keep from looking too far into what that face could mean.
“Good morning sunshine,” Cas mumbles, still sleep logged. A bolt of fear hits him squarely in the chest, memories flood the darkness behind his eyes and his breathing turns ragged.
” and “
“My hands huh? You like thinking of them, pressed up against you, dragging you to the edge, holding you back, worshipping you. What about inside you Dean, do you ever think about that… because I do, all the time,” Cas whispers the rapturous words into his ear and his breath chokes out in short bursts.
taught Dean how to do that, Dean is able to sign this document because Dean allowed Castiel the honour of teaching him. He bites the inside of his cheek harshly when his ribs seem to fall into the cavity of his chest. Dean was the one who put in the work, but there’s something about the way his letters look, a little messier because this pen is shaped differently from the chalk Dean is most used to using, that makes his heart sing as it struggles to beat in his empty chest.
“I don't know Cas, it's different, makes it more interesting. Although being named Lucifer must be something,” Dean comments.
It’s… nice in a way, to be so useful, it makes this family sticking their neck out for him, even though they don't know it, feel less like he’s using them because at least it's mutually beneficial.
The pain blinds him for a second but another shot rings out and a cut off scream filters through the haze of his pain. He had thought for a moment that he had been the one that screamed. When he turns, he wishes it had been him.
Cas pulls back and looks him in the eyes. He searches them for some time trying to find who knows what, stumbling upon far more than Dean should probably allow him to see.
The world's dismissal of Dean is what led him into the path he took, he had no choice. How was an eight year old to know he could fight against what everyone around him was saying he’d end up as? He was a child. His life was already beyond Castiel’s comprehension as a kid who was the same age as Duma.
“Y’know if you were here right now you’d tell me to go inside because humans catch colds so easily and you don’t know how fucking much I need to hear that now Cas.” His heart plummets in his chest again. He feels sick all over again so he clenches his jaw to keep from heading too far down that road.
This almost takes us right to the end of 15x19 but not quite
