Steve says nothing back. He doesn’t belong here with the Wanderers, either.
“Don’t waste my time. Show me your wrist, kid.” Howard, previously uninterested in Tony’s soulmate (uninterested in Tony, period), is wary of Tony’s reaction. He grabs Tony’s left hand, eyes narrowed.
Wanda would say he’s lost his mind. She would be wrong.
“What about on Winterveil, when the Veil falls,” Tony says, trying to sweep over Steve’s words. “Magic is the most volatile then, but it’s also when magic is the strongest.” And when spirits are the strongest. “I can maybe bypass the Aether, go straight to undoing the rune.”
Steve doesn’t answer immediately. Tony carefully keeps his expression neutral. Steve smiles, a small smile. “Bucky only told it to people he trusted,” he says quietly, and Tony is glad that that is all he says about Bucky.
He wonders if Strange lied about the first.
Tony flinches. He runs his hands in water, splashes it on his face. It’s cold. It needs to be colder. “You know me better than to say that, J,” Tony says, and is thankful that JARVIS remains silent at that.
him why.)
(Maybe it’s thanks to Steve Rogers, protecting Tony in some messed up way from his grave. Thanks, Steve.)
“It got me this,” Tony says, shrugs, splitting the fruit with a clean crack. He hands Steve half of the fruit. “Phoenixfruit, firefruit, whatever you want to call it.” Steve watches in astonishment at how the negativity seems to have slipped off him like he’s immune (or has learned how to be used to it). His eyes dance with delight when Steve nearly drops the amber fruit when the fruit rumbles. “You’ll like it! Or hate it. Either way, your reaction will be great.”
Thor’s grin splits his face when Steve and Tony enter the room. Steve moves to receive Thor’s hug and laugh. “Captain, it’s been a long time! How do you fare?” Thor asks.
,” he says, then freezes.
So many reasons, excuses, fade out of existence. It always matters, for them, but sometimes it doesn’t matter what the reason is. “I’m sorry,” Steve says.
“But it doesn’t get you what you want,” Steve says quietly.
“You don’t need to do what you’re doing right now to have me.”
,” he breathes, understanding now. “You’ve been deceiving me this entire time, just so you can live longer, right? Keep your enemies close and all that. Oh, that’s good, Steve. I didn’t expect it from you, you must’ve taken some lessons from Widow. You know—I can’t believe I considered letting you go. I thought you knew me.”
Steve frowns. “Why do you keep trying to make me regret my decision?”
Tony Stark’s lips twitch into a mocking smile and he laughs. “Oh, no. Sure, contracting with a soul trapped from the past, giving them time from your life to lengthen theirs. Blood magic,” he says bluntly, as if it’s not taboo these days. “They don’t call it that, obviously, not when SHIELD uses it. Fury’s all about what looks nice on a brochure. But that’s still what it is.”
They never really do much talking, not outside of what they want from him.
“Sorry,” Steve says, tense. It’s easier to think now that he’s out of the snowstorm. He peers at it. It doesn’t look like it’s going to stop anytime soon. “I know I was acting—”
“Some choice that was. You can't break the contract,” Tony continues, not letting it go, like he’s trying to prove a point, just trying to be right.
This is the first time someone hasn’t recognized Steve. Maybe that’s a good sign, but Steve doesn’t feel very good about it. He’s not in his armor right now, after all, and his shield is safely stored away. It makes sense that Wanda wouldn’t recognize him. He opens his mouth to answer, he’s not sure what exactly, but Tony cuts him off by resting a hand on Steve’s arm, rather suggestively.
Steve cries at that. “You have severely underestimated what I am willing to do,” he says, hand curled around Tony’s neck. “You used Bucky’s memories to profile me, didn’t you? Tony… Bucky doesn’t know what happened after Bucky died.”
Steve refuses to break because of that. This is nothing, this is…
But Tony has never met people’s expectations, he sure as hell won’t start now.
This will hopefully be enough to stop the truth, and he won’t be able to take it back. It’s an excuse Tony knows Steve will let him have, even if he might know this is a lie. Steve cares too much to do otherwise. He’s a good person. He doesn’t deserve Tony. Even if he thinks he wants to choose Tony now—
In the end, time washes everything away. The tides will dilute the red, fading, failing, until they are nothing but seafoam, whispers of their story, their world, forgotten. Only the clear waters remain.
“When have I ever backed down?” Steve asks.
There’s a grumble of annoyance.
“What if they’re all dead,” Tony says. “Talk about a ghost town. Wow. That witch has… some serious power, if she managed to dream everyone back to life.”
“Telling you wouldn’t have stopped the snow. Also, I may have forgotten,” he admits.
“Tony,” Steve says, going for sympathetic.
Tony stares at Steve, unblinking. Silent. There’s only the sound of water filling up the tub, and Steve, breathing. Heart, beating. Just the one heartbeat.
“Tony, I didn’t want you to. To.” His words choke him.
Steve isn’t supposed to be on Tony’s path.
“Yeah.” Tony takes a deep breath. “Did you hear me ask you why?”
Tony comes first, streaks of hot white spilling between them, but he tugs Steve back in with his legs. “Come inside me,” he says, a beg and an order, and magic has never felt so powerful, so deep, so safe.
(So does Tony.)
“That’s impossi—” Tony cuts himself off. “Not impossible. Okay, I see what you’re doing there. Do you think you’re being cute, Steve?”
He never tells anybody what happens in Afghanistan.
Tony feels his legs get heavier, the bones twisting and—
“Good,” Steve says. “How long has it been?”
“You want to undo the rune?” Wanda stares. “That is impossible.”
The red-haired woman—Natasha Romanoff—steps up, holds out a small bit of parchment. She shows it to Steve. Steve examines it, frowning. It looks like a rune. One Steve knows he hasn’t seen before, even though it’s slightly familiar in the way it loops, circles crossing circles. It looks Asgardian, Steve thinks. He should visit Thor. Hopefully Thor is ruling now and not dead from Loki’s ruses.
For them both.
It’s so much. It’s not enough.
Tony smiles indolently, and his smiles are really starting to grate on Steve’s nerves. “If that’s you fishing for what I know, sorry sweetheart. Doesn’t work on me,” he says. “So tell me, please. What do I know?”
Disgust is purple, like a disease that has rusted his outsides and dragged his insides out.
“That’s not what I thought your plan was,” Steve says. “I thought you were going to give me a pitiful sob story about how I was born without magic. Which would be true.”
Steve wonders what it’s like to miss a place. Missing a time is harder. You can never really go back to it.
He touches Tony’s scales, too gently for comfort. Tony doesn’t do comfort. The notion makes him want to dive back into the ocean, to lurk in the deep abysses where he cannot be found. Instead, he’s got a tiny bathtub that barely fits him and a troublesome super soldier who’s on the run, staring at Tony and saying, “You’ve already healed.”
Steve hisses, grabbing Tony’s arm, and there is a heated anger in his eyes. He looks so hurt. Tony recoils, jerking away, tail smacking Steve instinctively. He nicks Steve’s cheek and Steve lets go. They both know that Steve doesn’t have to—in terms of brute strength, the super soldier is stronger.
Tony moves away from them, heading to the portal that will lead them back to where they came from.
“Hey, you okay?” Steve asks, sounding a little breathless. Kneeling by the tub, he looks awkward, almost unsure. If Tony didn’t know Steve better than he should, he’d think it very uncharacteristic of him.
“Sometimes,” Steve says.
“Those are the regional ghost-whisperers,” she says. When she touches the stem, it glows red before it flutters away, too. She laughs. “They are used to speak to the dead.”
“No, it’s—” Steve sighs, softening his tone. “I don’t blame you if you don’t want me. I’m not very good for you, and I know we don’t have the most civil of relationships.”
Tony opens his mouth and takes in his cock, sucking thoroughly, each bob of his head going further. He looks debauched, wanton, making hungry noises. The wet heat makes Steve shake with pleasure. Steve feels another wisp of heady magic flow through him. Tony looks so focused, like he wants only to make Steve feel good, and he does. Pleasure sings through his body and his mind.
Steve doesn’t blame him, but that does not mean he hasn’t done something awful.
He hasn’t
“That’s not what I asked,” Steve says.
“The Aether is messing with whatever rune she crafted,” Steve says.
There’s a reason for the pain in his chest when Tony sees Steve looking at him sometimes, expression laden with disappointment and regret and tension. All Tony can think is
“Well,” Tony says. If he’s flustered at all, he hides it well. “It’s kinda my job.”
It takes all of Tony to bite his tongue hard and not ask desperately,
“Tony…” Steve reaches out to touch the fire. The world explodes with color and warmth.
A captured history. Steve remembers attending those first festivals, with Loki and Thor. He’s surprised to see Loki still remains in their glorified history, what with his betrayal the last time Steve was lent to Asgard.
. Never seen him like this. There was one thing Steve, even after all those years, never gave away. None of the hearts Tony had devoured, none of them had seen this before. Tony prefers the bang. In a bang, Tony can drown everything in screams and shouts. In silence, Tony can hear Steve’s heart crack.
“Art about war, huh,” Tony muses. “War is history, thanks to me. This guy doesn’t seem to get it.”
“I want to fuck you,” Steve says, eyes intense, voice—he sounds wrecked, even to himself.
“This is a graveyard,” Tony says, looking haunted. The whispers louden, telling Tony to look at what he could’ve prevented. He doesn’t hear them at all, just stares at the white flowers bunched up on the floor, by a rock. They seem withered now, bleeding black, cobwebs glistening on them. “And there was a survivor,” Tony says quietly, and the tone makes Steve think Tony hears the spirits’ voices anyway. “The witch…”
Tony doesn’t look embarrassed, but his words rush out in a way that makes Steve feel like he is. “Yeah, no, it’s fine. I forgot,” he says. “You don’t know this stuff.”
“You don’t have to slay hydras like me,” Steve says. “I deal with things that make the world end. You ensure that the world doesn’t stop moving forward.”
“How fast?” asks Steve.
Maybe he doesn’t want to burn Steve, maybe Steve doesn’t want to melt.
not yours,” Tony says with a sneer, then bites his tongue but it’s too late. He never could shut up, he’ll have to learn to shut up when it matters.
“You can’t,” Thanos says. He sounds so sure, as if he knows, in fourteen million timelines, Tony surrendered. Tony can’t imagine why. He doesn’t want to. “You won’t pay the price. Your sorcerer knew it. He is foolish. It is the knowledge the soul stone showed me—in all times, you only chose the path once.” On his face, his sadness is ancient. His regret still looks fresh. “We both know it isn’t worth it.”
“Let your wit and charm take a vacation for once. I can take on one more duty,” Steve says.
Steve moves to deal with the injury. “No,” Tony says quickly. His eyes strain, looking at the plain white ceiling. It’s an old view. “It’s okay. I’ll heal.”
“We survived. We always do.”
“Fight back, then,” Tony tells him. “If you don’t want this. Don’t want me.”
This, too, is a lie.
He wonders if he is made of snow.
“The impossible is made possible,” Steve says, thinking of crimson waves crashing against itself, flowing and dark and alive. “They say the Aether is what wrote the universe.” He looks at Tony. “Do you think you can undo the rune so it stops making the Aether change reality? So it reverses the world to before?”
He says as much, too—he laughs and says derisively, “What are you, Cap, my father?” and Steve just averts his gaze, stricken and guilty, like he doesn’t want to fight, and Tony just… can’t believe that.
“Oh.”
Why won’t he ask the one question that matters?
This isn’t a dream. If it is, it doesn’t feel like his.
When they finally shake off their pursuers, for now, Tony announces, “I can’t keep it up,” and promptly collapses to the floor of the motel room.
Did he fail, again?
“Right,” Tony says.
When a puff of glittery green shows before them, Steve is instantly alert, reaching to his back to grab his shield. He recognizes that particular shade, that signature that feels like ice. It’s always unsettled Steve. There’s so much cold in between his summons.
Steve resists a scowl. Tony isn’t wrong. “I chose to be a Knight,” he says, willing patience to return to him. It’s nothing he hasn’t heard before. When he fought the Hydra cult, there was never a moment when they ceased to point out the hypocrisy of being the Knight summon who didn’t believe in summoning.
They’ve both learned in very different ways how to best deal with wounds. One presses on them, bandages them up and soldiers onwards, stands his ground (he thinks it should hurt less than this). The other lets himself bleed out, makes himself into something else, that way he can’t bleed anymore (he thought it would hurt less than this).
“Until it isn’t?” Steve asks, then shakes his head. “My time is—it’s borrowed. Not mine,” he says, pulling his hand away from Tony’s. “I’m a man out of time. What I have, it’s all stolen. It’s their sacrifice. Fury is doing this because he feels he must. His life is being drained for my soul to be here.”
Tony’s first reaction is to laugh, because
“The truth is lost to time,” Steve says, looking at their hands. He can sense Tony’s magic. He wonders why Tony trusts him to not leech away all his magic right now. If Steve even accidentally loses control, he could seriously injure Tony. “Memory fades. Just like magic.”
“Worth a try,” Tony says. “She’s a good person. The people here have always loved her. If I want to undo the rune, I need to know her original intent so I don’t accidentally make gravity stop existing because someone dreamed about flying.”
Tony laughs a little, breath hot at the hollow of Steve’s neck. He shakes his head. Damn it. The pleading note in Steve’s voice rattles him more than he enjoys it. “Please what? If you don’t want me, then fight back. You’re strong enough, aren’t you.”
Tony blinks. Steve blinks.
He sends Steve a message to meet him on the rooftop. He can’t stop pacing around. Morning has risen, the city bright and awake.
“Don’t say my name like that, Tony,” Steve says.
“Oh, good Captain. It’s nothing bad,” Thor says, sounding pleased. “He shows affection in such a manner. I myself have been stabbed thirty-seven times.”
Worse has happened, after all.
“Not precisely,” Loki says, a hint of something Steve has never heard in his voice, but it makes the entire room’s signature darken. “It is the other way around. Asgardian runes look like this one.”
It’s because Steve doesn’t want to fight, and Tony… has no idea what to do with that (except he does: he keeps antagonizing Steve in hopes Steve will hate him, because hate, hate is a lot easier than love).
“Look at me, Steve,” Tony says, a rasp, his hand coming around the back of Steve’s neck gently, soothingly, and Steve is messing everything up again, he has never been good with things like this, never been good at drawing lines. He doesn’t know what lines Tony wants to draw for him, doesn’t know why Tony wants to waste his time on history when he could be building more connections for the future.
“Steve. You’re late for dinner.”
“It’s wearing you down,” Pepper says. She sounds like she’s practiced these words in front of a mirror countless times. “You’ve roped Rhodey and JARVIS into it too.”
His father doesn’t treat him any better, no matter how well Tony does. Tony thinks it’s just to prove a point. It’s always about proving a point. Behind closed doors, it doesn’t matter what Tony accomplishes. Doesn’t mean shit.
Tony pulls Steve down for a kiss—he needs to know Steve’s secrets, and he finds that he tastes blood on Steve’s lips already. He lets out a whimper—Steve tastes so fucking good, Tony sinks his teeth down, eliciting a surprised, sharp inhale. Tony’s still so hungry, his entire being aches, like he’s being pulled by gravity. He presses his claws against Steve’s chest, lightly enough to only draw red lines. He briefly considers carving his name here, on what is his.
(There is nothing left to say. The only person in the entire universe he wanted to convince is gone.)
He’s always been the best at making weapons.
“Oh gods, Steve. This world is yours, too.” Tony’s eyes soften and he pulls Steve in for a hug, and Steve buries his head into the crook of Tony’s neck, breathing in the familiar scent, feeling the comfortable warmth. “You know, it felt like I did,” Tony says, voice cracking. “I thought you died.”
Tony whimpers around Steve’s cock. He finally pulls off with an obscene, slick pop. Steve’s wet with Tony’s saliva and some kind of smooth, warmth lubricant. “Okay, you gotta get inside me now. Come on, I’m ready for you already. Magic.”
“Yes,” Steve says, then takes a deep breath. “But you know. The Purple Man. He—he forced both our hands.”
“Scans show that you are not currently under the Purple Man’s control, sir,” JARVIS informs him.
“Are you fishing for compliments? I was there.” Steve’s fingers flutter over Tony’s stomach, brushing the T-shirt aside, avoiding the wound carefully. “It’s deep. Why didn’t you say something?”
Steve shrugs. “I wasn’t swimming. Just frozen in ice. Sadly no fish for company.”
“This is an emergency,” Steve says. “I’m sorry about the interruption.”
This is all very messed up. Steve is the one comforting Tony, and not the other way around. Tony’s lips curve up wryly, but he can’t maintain the empty smile for long, not around Steve who looks pained, brows drawn together. Tony has that effect on the people around him. He grimaces and puts a hand to his head.
He follows the petals in the sky, finds the flower girl at the end of the street. “Hi,” he says.
Steve doesn’t seem to want to believe that. “This is the Purple Man talking—”
“Hey, play nice,” Tony says. “Or maybe don’t. I do want to see the Captain’s hair dyed pink.”
This kind of shit doesn’t happen—except apparently it does. Tony’s soulmate is someone long dead.
The future works a lot faster than the past, every single time. There’s something very transient about life, Steve thinks. He sees Howard in Tony Stark, but Howard is long gone, just like all of the other acquaintances Steve has made over the centuries. So much time passes, but he never has the time.
Steve looks at Tony, feeling a twinge of… something. “That’s good,” he says, even though the words make him feel awkward, because they’re true, but not enough to describe what Tony does. He wants Tony to hear them anyway. Tony should hear them. “I didn’t—I didn’t have magic, before. I was null.”
There is no room for this fight, shit. No time for this. Too much of this.
“I am the Scarlet Witch. Not Wanda Maximoff to you.” The young woman glares at Tony. “Tony Stark.” Her voice holds no affection.
“They sure are,” Tony says, and doesn’t bring up the leg.
A loud voice jerks Steve back to the present.
She pats Tony’s back once and moves away, like that much human contact is too uncomfortable. Tony agrees. But it wasn’t so bad.
It’s not that resynchronization isn’t possible. It’s the idea that it is possible that terrifies Tony. He can’t let that happen, because he knows that if he has to choose between the world and Steve, well, it isn’t much of a choice.
“It was mercy.”
“You have the mind stone,” Thanos says, disagreeing. “The mind stone does not ask for any such price. It will let you believe you still have who you lost.”
In the end, Tony’s not sure what convinces himself to not manipulate the world using Captain America.
Tony shrugs. “I’m not saying stop being the fancy knight you are, though I wish you could get rid of the summon part,” he says. “That’s you, you know. You’re both Steve Rogers and the Captain. I’m not separating them. It’s like how the Iron Man and I are one. I can like you without having to choose—” Steve freezes up at those words, and Tony notices, of course he does. He swallows. “Okay, I. Did not mean that.”
That’s just the problem, isn’t it? It’d be easier if Steve could pretend Tony doesn’t, but he knows Tony too well already for him to believe that Tony is uncaring.
Steve beams back and kisses him, maneuvering them so he’s positioned above Tony.
“I’m dying, Steve. Maybe—maybe Hydra is right. If we go surrender, they can change me so I can be human. We can be together.”
Silence.
their existence is. “The stones aren’t supposed to be… harnessed. They’re not found for good reason.”
JARVIS’ voice fizzles out into static, Tony’s mind tuning back into the past.
By the looks of it, it’s not his vacation destination. Tony sounds like he never wants to go there again.
, because he can’t bear the thought of letting Tony know how selfish Steve can be. Steve just wants—he just wants.
When the attacker relents, jumping back into the fog of the snowstorm, the motion is quickly followed by two bursts of red from Tony, pure, raw attacks, his magic lashing out. They chain together loudly, hitting nothing.
Steve looks disappointed, more reserved than before. Is it the smile? They haven’t known each other long enough for Steve to expect certain things out of him, yet he does. “I’m going to go check on some leads, try to convince a few old friends. You’re free to go,” he says. “If you want. I can’t put a leash on you like they did. It’s wrong.”
Steve smiles. “Thanks, Tony.”
“We need to see the Scarlet Witch,” Tony says. “She’s the High Witch of Sokovia, and I’m guessing she’s the one behind this.”
“We needed him,” Natasha says.
splash of blue and red and white. There’s no mistaking it.
“Tell me about it after we save the world,” Tony says.
He says it because he is proud, and… no one has actually ever said that to Tony.
Steve stares at the snow, fresh, clear. If there were footprints, it’s snowing too heavily, they’d be covered already.
He looks over to see Tony smiling at him. Steve shivers, a frisson heating his spine. Steve is not reacting properly to anything right now. It must be the rift. It might be the snow.
“To what?” Tony asks. “To what, Steve?” His words are fierce, and Steve hasn’t felt this kind of anger directed at him before, and it melts him.
Tony doesn’t want to think about what it was or wasn’t.
Tony blinks at him. “Okay, what is this, Tony Stark appreciation day?” he asks. “That’s sometime during the summer, I think. Steve, I didn’t pay you to flatter me, I’m pretty sure there’s not enough gold in the world for that. Did Pepper set you up to this?”
“It’s Dream magic,” Steve says, swallowing. Dreams include nightmares. He thinks of the—spirit that had attacked them. Maybe he should bring it up, but he’s only now gotten Tony to not hate him. He shouldn’t.
“No you’re not,” Tony says. Steve arches an eyebrow at him. Tony frowns. “You’re not,” he repeats.
“Maybe I like a little spice to my vacations, Captain Obvious.” Tony’s eyes dart back down to the shield. “You wouldn’t happen to be willing to let me borrow that, would you? The magic-absorbent vibranium should be helpful.”
Natasha puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony tenses. “At least you got to see him die.” Her eyes are intense. It feels like she’s trying to say something true, say something because she actually means it for once in her life. She really sucks at telling the truth, if that’s the case. “It’s a better fate for them than to be living ghosts.”
“I couldn’t leave you,” Steve murmurs, voice rough, looking like he hates himself. Strange. Tony thought he had a monopoly on that. “They would’ve kept experimenting on you.”
He brushed the boy's bangs to the side and kissed his forehead, bouncing him on his hip while he went to fetch Peter's bear pajamas and new undies.
Peter just rolled his eyes.
"Did Gramma bake lots?" Peter asked curiously, pouting when he was denied the cookie tray.
Tony sniffled and crawled into bed, still crying as he laid down; the tears soon swelled into the roaring panic attack he was
"So good, babe," Tony hummed, pulling off with a 'pop', "Y'so good for me..."
"I'm just playin' with you, Petey," Tony hummed softly, rocking Sammy in his arms, "I didn't mean to scare you, pipsqueak."
"You've already been to college--"
"Oh my god, Steve," Tony whispered, face completely red.
“Thank you guys. It's so appreciated. I will do my best in this situation too to learn the extent of what I can do in my new form and learn to keep in control.”
"That's what's wrong, I don't want Peter to see that, Tony." He said quietly, seeing the sheets. "I'm gonna fix you up then we are changing the sheets before Peter is in here. We will talk about this tomorrow, okay?" Steve hummed, brushing back Tony's hair lovingly.
Steve hummed softly and nodded gently. "As long as that's something you want to do, then I don't mind if we do." He said. "I just need to go to the bathroom real fast."
Tony nodded, shuffling closer to Steve.
"Unlike others," Peter hummed under his breath, giving Steve a pointed glance before settling back in the hammock, wrapping his arms around Sammy.
"No, no, please," he whimpered, "I'm
"Yep, exactly like you," Tony laughed, easing himself back down again.
Peter bounced in excitement all the way home, attempting to get his day clothes off before they were in the door.
"We can worry about that, I'm sure. We can just cart what's need to your house when the time comes." Steve explained, screwing in the other half.
"Food!" Peter shouted, happily letting Bucky carry him over to his booster seat.
like I wake up every morning wanting to have a panic attack?!"
“What about Strange? He’d have info on this, wouldn’t he?” Clint asked, earning an eye roll from Tony.
"If I said not working, would you believe me?" Tony laughed, kissing him back.
"Well, I suppose so, if you feel you need punished." Steve sighed softly, picking up the ruler and lifting it under Tony's chin for a moment. He moved it side to side, examining Tony's face.
have a Frankenstein on our hands."
Tony raised an eyebrow at Bruce.
"Whatcha dwa'hin ova der, Daddy? Wit all da lines?" Peter asked curiously, looking at Tony's schematics.
"I bet it’s been long, baby... But now we have the house. And each other. We can be each other's home, all right. No need to worry anymore."
"You never were alone in this, Tony. I'd never let you feel like that, if I could help it." Steve said worriedly, looking at him carefully. "That's how you been feeling? And you never... You never said anything. Is that what you've been trying to keep hidden from me?"
Steve shook his head no softly.
"Bonding time," Tony replied softly, playing with Sammy's hand, "He laughed, Stevie. Like,
Steve barked a quick laugh at that. "You're terrible." He laughed, leaning with the scrubs. "Absolutely cheeky."
Tony tried to move, but the trickle increased and he sighed.
“Bless you," Tony mumbled, crawling into one of the dining chairs, "I want it black, if you don't mind. As much raw caffeine as possible."
Sammy watched curiously as his brother and Papa colored on the pages, making confused grunts.
(See the end of the chapter for
He help Peter out of his seat and held a finger to his lips in a shush. "Remember. I have to distract Daddy first, okay?"
"Peter, don't be so hard on Daddy. He was just playing." Steve assured, rubbing the boy's back. "He might have took it a little far, but he wasn't trying to be mean, munchkin."
"Steve? Steve's m'soulmate," Tony hummed, managing to smile up at Pepper, "I wanted you guys to meet, but we were so busy with moving--"
Tony sat down on the floor and stared up at the pieces. He felt terrible. Tony felt like a horrible person for what he had done. He wanted to talk to Steve. He wanted to apologize for how he acted, wanted to explain everything that happened, wanted to tell Steve that he--
"Virginia talks about me then? I'm not surprised, she talks about you a lot," He replied evenly.
"Grown-ups can't get kid's sicks," Tony made up, flicking his eyes to Steve, "We're safe from your germs, babe."
Tony pulled over a chair and let Peter stand on it, watching his eyes light up as he reached over to pet the baby, as if he was made of glass.
"And I love you. So very much, Tony. Always will. So never forget that." Steve answered back genuinely, kissing the top of Tony's head sweetly. "Let’s get some rest, all right? We'll talk more about it in the morning."
Tony chuckled at the pet name, easily taking Steve down his throat. He nosed at the golden curls nestled at the top of his lover's groin, hollowing his cheeks before pulling off.
"I can tell you though, you'll
, and Poseidon's favorite creatures are sharks. The deadlier, the better," Tony hummed back, putting plastic wrap over the cookie tray.
“That is not the case, so no, that’s not the announcement.” Steve answered seriously, clearing his throat.
"We still have to go get sheets, dummy," Tony laughed, leaning down to kiss Steve's forehead, "Why don't you set up your art room while I go buy that stuff, hmm?"
He turned to work on the meal again, winding up turning to Tony once more.
"I honestly don't know what'll happen," Tony mumbled, standing to grab the remote. He clicked on the television and turned to CNN, watching the DOW run across the bottom.
"I love you too, Papa," Peter replied seriously, only rolling his eyes when Sammy babbled after him, "I think Sammy says I love you too."
"You're so strong, betcha got super strength," he teased, "But even superheroes need to put on their undies and pajamas."
"Oh fuck, Red Light. Yeah, we're definitely going there," Tony laughed, a huge grin on his face, "I haven't been there in a while, but
The boy sniffled, clinging onto Tony and nodding into his chest.
Tony took it off of him and balled it up with his own, rolling his eyes.
"Peter..." Tony sighed.
"Oh Stevie, look at this. So bright on this fair skin of yours. That'll be there
"Yeah, yeah. I think I do that just because I have a soft spot for you." Steve teased sweetly, kissing Tony back happily as they settled together. "I love you,
"Spoiled," he murmured, smiling fondly as he filled the boy's sock with candy and toys galore.
"Hopefully, it’s all good things." Steve answered for Tony, sitting next to him on the couch. "Ms. Potts recommended you highly. And we trust her judgement highly." He smiled lightly.
Tony went quietly, letting himself curl up onto the couch once he was inside; he didn't deserve Steve, soulmate or no. Tossing a blanket over himself, Tony choked back a sob, insecurity rolling in his gut.
"Oh my god, I will
"Oh really?" Clint grinned, causing Tony to groan.
fault you swing like a first grader."
"We should, but I doubt he's going to listen to me." He sighed quietly, petting Tony's hair. "He thinks I lied to him. And that look on his face... He looked so betrayed..."
As a matter of fact, they had been spending almost all their free time together. They were as thick as thieves, the two of them, and even other people had started to notice. The girl who worked at the café they regularly visited always seemed to give them a look like she thought something was going on. Steve regularly ignored her, just crossing her off as the type to gossip. There was nothing wrong with hanging out with another guy, especially when they had become close friends.
He paused.
what it was. Knowing that Tony was the one there to greet him was that final push, that final assurance that it would be okay.
"Go upstairs. Lemme take care of the kid," Tony murmured, "Art room, grab the gag from the bottom left drawer of the desk, lube if you're feeling lucky, and I want all your clothes
." Steve said in faux realization, grinning and kissing gently at Tony's chin. "What would I have to do to prove that I am yours and only, truly yours?"
"Sit there, Anthony.".
"Ready?"
Tony helped Peter scoot over to Steve could climb in, smiling as the boy tucked himself into Steve's warmth. Pete sniffled softly and whimpered, letting Steve comfort him.
the waves of suspicion coming off Peter.
He rested his head on Steve's shoulder, nuzzling at his neck in the brisk wind.
Steve sent him a smirk back, eyebrow raised up.
"I know I can't. It's such a curse," Tony sighed dramatically, moving Steve's knees up to kiss at his inner thighs, "I feel so bad that you have to put up with it."
"Papa tant be da mom. Papa's a boy, Daddy." The boy clarified with a giggle.
Steve moved closer to Tony, looking at the box again.
"Uh huh," Peter mouthed around his donut, sliding off the chair to pad after Steve and Sammy.
"Fo-toe... what?" The blond asked, completely clueless.
Steve squeezed Tony tighter, in a hug of apology and reassurance. He spoke soft and gentle.
"I'm fine, Jesus," Tony muttered, "It wasn't that bad, and the other guy got hit in the
"Chilly," he accused playfully, nipping at Steve's fingers, "Like ice."
Steve looked around carefully before leaving his cavern, swimming almost all night until he reached the grotto told to belong to the Warlock Johann.
is everything up to snuff with what you wanna do?"
"I know it does, baby, I know the exact feeling," Tony murmured, grabbing the bucket, "Close your eyes, please."
He pushed his feelings through the bond, a genuine smile on his face as the setting sun slipped beneath the horizon. Steve beamed back, feeling every bit that Tony sent to him. He shook his with a soft chuckle, voice a bit wet.
"'Cause I trust you." He stated in a sigh. "You know how to do this all perfectly with me, so I can--
Tony blinked, screwing up his face as he tried to remember.
"You ready to move into your new room?" He asked softly, laughing at the boy's cheers, "I'll take that as a yes."
Sammy whined from his chair at the lack of attention, thumping his hand on the tray of the highchair.
He squeezed Steve's arm, rubbing out the tension in his muscles.
? I gotta see this."
the option I want," Tony announced, dragging Steve along behind him, "Yes. Definitely. Most definitely."
"A rescue mission?" the Agent Carter inquired. "What distressed fishfolk were in trouble today?"
The doorbell rang again, Peter hopping up to go get it again.
"I will put you over my lap in point five seconds unless you tell me what you did that made your Father so upset," Tony frowned, "Now, Peter."
Tony kept his mouth shut for once, letting his running brain take it’s time to collect itself; he tensed at Steve's touches, feeling shame and anger at himself roll over him in waves. Curling in on himself, Tony cursed Howard for making him so vulnerable to showing
"Very. Very good trip." Steve grinned, hugging back then picking Peter back up. "It was very eventful."
Sammy giggled and blew more kisses at Peter before turning to Steve to do the same.
"I ain't takin' naps," Peter proclaimed, puffing out his chest, "Don't need no naps."
Tony spread his legs a little wider to give Steve a better angle, wrapping his arms around his neck and anchoring his legs so he was flush against Steve. He moaned softly, rolling his hips while Steve rocked into him.
As Tony walked down the hallway to the bedroom, he looked at a set of paintings on the wall in passing as he often did. It was a set with four pieces. One yellow, one blue, one red, and one white. Tony always smiled as he passed them. They always reminded him of that one time a certain art major came up to him and asked if he would be the subject matter for his final project.
"That is true," Tony hummed back, "I'll do whatever you wanna do, babe."
"D'candy canes," Peter replied, barely at Steve's hip, even on the step stool.
"Mmm, whatever's good," Tony replied sleepily, "Good mornin' t'you too."
Tony snorted at that, shaking his head. "I don't feel forced,
He dipped down to kiss him, running a hand through his hair. Steve kissed back with a hum, leaning into the touch and wrapping his arms around Tony's neck.
Tony gently put Sammy up against his chest and patted his back, nodding.
more comfortable than expected, lace hitting in all the right places.
"I bet if I asked Stark, he would say the opposite," Bucky hummed, starting on the drawers, "But that's y'own bed life."
Peter rubbed at his eyes and shivered in the cold of the bathroom, whimpering as Steve helped him into the shower.
"Y'know, you seem to be real comfortably open with people. Wish I could do that."
"I know, hon. I'm so excited." Steve grinned, taking Tony's hand in his as they carefully watched the nurse get Sammy and his things ready to go.
Sniffling, Tony nodded, still crying into Steve's shirt. He whimpered, trying to swallow breathes before completely collapsing against Steve. Steve helped keep Tony up for the moment, holding his close and tight.
"Shut it, circus boy, I'll tell him later," Tony interrupted, "That's not a topic for Christmas Eve."
"Mmm. Stop that, you'll make me blush more," Tony tried to scowl, ending up with a childish pout, "Go call them and ask. And catch them up on Mister Shellfish and stuff. I think I'm gonna go work a little bit so I'm completely free for our date night." He smiled softly and gave Steve's cheek a kiss before turning to head off to the workshop, humming under his breath.
"I'll get you some more if you want, Peter." Steve chuckled, getting up to refill Peter's bowl. "No need to steal Daddy's food. Just ask for more, son."
The first piece read "NOT FOR SALE!". Tony thought and assumed that the artists are allowed to sell their projects if they wished. It seemed appropriate. It would give the students a feel of how it is to have a job as an artist. Tony moved his eyes to the piece of paper below the first one, taking good care to read it.
, Steve. I'm pretty sure we should call Guinness World Records for that one."
"Auntie Peppah's comin'?" Peter gasped, wriggling down from Steve's arms, "Daddy, we gots t'hurry up an' get
"Yeah, we'll get you a booster and you can sit with us. Because you aren't quite big enough to sit by yourself at the table. It'd be up past your nose." He chuckled softly, setting the boy's food on the table before heading off to find the seat.
With a laugh, Tony took Steve's hands and gently kissed each knuckle, then moving to his palms and wrists, the crook of his arms and to his neck, whispering praises over his porcelain skin.
"Because," Peter replied, crossing his arms. He tried to huff and play it off, sipping at his empty cup.
He took a heavy puff of his pipe, shifting himself again.
"You know that painting the living room was a bad thing to do, right?" He asked quietly.
"Wow." He panted with a huff of a chuckle. "Just...
"I think it’s prickly..." Peter answered, scrunching his nose.
"Yeah, good idea. I'll make an electronic note and a physical note in case one gets lost," Tony mumbled, quickly making a note in his phone, "You done, love?"
"I don'
Peter kept himself wrapped in the towel as he headed for his pajamas and got dressed.
He put his arms up, going up on his toes. Steve scooped him up happily and carried him to go see all of the funny little birds. A couple of them were waddling around in the exhibit.
"Yeah, we have a meeting, we got matched," Tony breathed, still partially stunned, "Holy shit, Steve, we're gonna have a
"I'm still sorry. For all I said. It stirred you up to come here, I know it. I upset you. And I'm sorry." Steve hummed, kissing Tony's cheek carefully and wrapping arms around him. "I love you and I didn't intend to get you upset." He soothed.
He doesn’t look to his side, doesn’t want to see how long it takes for Steve to walk away.
“How dare you—I can’t. Don’t twist this,” Steve snarls, and there is loathing and anger tangled in his voice, loud in Tony’s ears, and oh, that stings, but that’s good. Steve feels so much for Tony. Steve draws in a steadying breath. His next words grate with worry, sounding almost like a confession, “I don’t hate you, Tony.”
He doesn’t agree.
Tony shrugs. “I don’t know. I wasn’t counting,” he says lightly.
“Okay, fine. I am still Hydra,” he says, pulling Steve down into the tub. “I always will be. This is the future, Steve. You’re the man from the past stuck in the now. You need to accept this, or else—”
Tony spreads his legs for Steve, moaning when Steve slides into him. Steve stifles a cry, he hasn’t felt anything so good before. Tony is tight and wet and perfect, and Steve thinks he might cry. He shudders, remains silent.
“Of course it won’t,” Steve says, swallowing, cursing his thoughts, but he doesn’t have magic. Cursing his thoughts won’t make them really go away, it never did.
Build his way out, right. If there’s no path on the ground, he’ll just fucking
And here they are now.
A man, two women. The dark-haired woman isn’t a magic-user, but seems just as comfortable in this space as the others. They’re in some sort of containment room, dim, with no windows. Sometimes, the summon is shown to the world. This here is a secret.
“No,” Tony says. “Why would I ever need to steal anything? I’d just figure it out myself.”
Howard seethes. He slams the door shut behind him when he leaves.
Tony briefly considers using the mark to garner sympathy and support. The world recognizes Captain America. His soulmate must, then, be in the public’s favor.
Tony frowns, head throbbing. “Steve?”
“She’s not saying we have nothing to do,” Tony says. “She’s saying we have to do nothing. I bet you hate that, don’t you.”
“Not to the witnesses, and I’m pretty sure you don’t forget,” Tony says. “I mean. You, right? You were there. Your fancy ancient dragon armor reminds everyone, don’t worry.”
He didn’t see the futures with a changed past.
“Boom,” Steve says quietly, echoing an explosion that happened a while ago. If he tries, he can see the shadows of what, and who, used to be here. Either the trace of what’s been left is just that strong, or Steve’s senses have heightened to that point. He takes a breath.
Well, there goes that. Tony is more tight-lipped than he seems. “Do you want me to appeal to your sense of heroism?” Steve asks. He looks at what Stark is working on, but the man seems to keep no schematics outside his mind. Steve doesn’t sense any secret-keeping seals, which had been everywhere in SHIELD’s underground quarters.
“Woah, woah,” Tony cuts in, jaw slack in a way that Steve now can identify as hurt, wishes he couldn’t. “What, you think I just adopted a griffin? That’s not how this works. No griffin adoption centers around here. If anything, Giselle adopted me as her human.”
He probably should (he couldn’t).
Steve glances at Tony, surprised that Tony is jumping to defend him. Somewhat. Considering the other man’s demeanor so far, this seems to count as defending him. Steve smiles, just a little. “Asgard’s royal family is more together than I remember,” he says, looking back at Loki.
“That’s right. You’ve seen them used. In the legends,” Bruce says. He sounds interested, curious, though he seems to restrain his curiosity, not asking for what he doesn’t think he should know anymore. “Tony has always—”
“You don’t have to tell me,” Steve says, feeling a pang in his chest. “It’s okay.”
Maybe Tony can delay knowing. He doesn’t ask for forever (not anymore), just a little longer than this. He’s already done so much for the world, after all, and the world can wait for him, just this once.
Tony knows why he only did it once.
“Why, did you save me for something else other than company?” Tony asks, voice low. He could change back—but he doesn’t want to. He thinks they both need this little reminder, it’s better this way. He takes out Steve cock, carefully so his sharp nails don’t cause any damage. That can come later. “Or are you afraid?”
“You don’t think so?”
Steve feels his heart crack. Of course. Tony could just doing this because he knows Steve is lonely, and the thing is, he’d be right. But Steve has been lonely for a long time, this isn’t just that. This is the sense of finally being with someone he wants. This is him wanting a
This is what makes Tony doubt. Is it fear, that makes Tony not want to confirm this theory? Which does he fear more, that this is a game of deceit, of Steve making something that doesn’t exist up, or—
Not really. Steve didn’t want to knock down the entire building, which he probably could do if he wanted. All buildings have weaknesses. “There wasn’t a door,” Steve says.
“We can fix this, Tony. Together.”
Tony shivers. “Oh,” he says shakily. He sees Steve’s face and quickly smiles, “No, it’s fine, it’s just different. People usually… don't touch it. Can’t. It’s too much.”
(What does Steve?)
Steve makes his way back to where the festival is happening. The streets are emptier now, only lanterns floating around in the sky. People are busy spending time with loved ones. Catching up for lost time.
“She has no brother,” Tony says.
“And yet you entered anyway?” Tony asks, exasperated. “What are wards even for?”
) lets his guard down, he makes Tony feel warm and accomplished and like he doesn’t have to fight.
“No, Stark,” Thanos sighs. “Not for me.”
Steve thinks desperately.
“You must lose that which you love most.” Thanos looks to the horizons, where the skies burn. The blood never ceases. This is Thanos’ legacy. This is the legacy Tony never wanted. If Tony gets the stones, he can undo everything. “I respect you because you don’t make the same mistake twice. The one I never stop making.”
Pietro Maximoff shrugs. “It’s alright,” he says to his sister, meeting Steve’s eyes. Pietro grins.
“You could do better,” she tells him. “Did you hear about the part where Stark’s ballistic fire missiles nearly destroyed Sokovia? I’m sure you and your friends had a great laugh about that,” she says, directing the last part at Tony.
“It’s a jail,” Steve says, feeling an angry storm brew inside him as he looks around, taking in what he sees. “A… torture chamber.”
Steve feels disappointed that Tony seems to be just like everyone else, after all, not seeing Steve as trustworthy because he’s magic-immune, as if people always needed to give their Word to keep a promise.
“I didn’t.”
“So you’re saying you’ll give the gauntlet to me if I ask.”
Tony can attack right now. Steve is the last of the Underground, the resistance group. When Tony stops him, his job is finally done.
“She was very brave,” Tony says, looking pensive, interested. There’s a trace of something bright in his eyes. “What was her name? Tell me about her.”
“I said I would take it under consideration,” Tony says. “I never said I’d watch you get attacked by some shade or something.” He rubs at his chest. The touch makes his arc reactor shine brighter. He grimaces with pain, pulling his hand back. Steve feels the pull of Tony’s magic, wonders if this is what made Steve feel so… drunk, and not just the effects of the reality rift.
“Even I can’t fix all the awful stagnation,” Tony says. “And not all change is good. Aren’t you supposed to be able to tell?”
“I just want everyone back,” Tony says. “I want you back. We shouldn’t have—we—“ He shudders. “God, Steve, we lost so much time.”
“Fantastic,” says Loki, then sighs, looking behind Tony and Steve. “Here comes the thunder.”
“Yeah?”
No... He needs to make sure. He doesn’t like looking at his reflection, but he needs to know if he’s in control right now because he doesn’t fucking feel it.
“The illegal trespassing, yes,” Tony says sharply. “I didn’t think they’d actually do it.” His dark eyes are incredibly bright, something the photos in his file couldn’t capture. They flicker over Steve’s armor, resting on his shield. “I mean, SHIELD uses power stupidly all the time, sure, but I didn’t think Fury was this desperate.”
Steve’s eyes widen. He stares, then growls, “The Purple Man,” glaring behind Tony, and he’s not desperate, not yet, just angry, still thinks he has mind control to blame.
None of them did.
“What does that say about you?” Steve asks, amused. “Did you steal a secret?”
“Tony. It wasn’t you. Not… not just you,” Steve says finally. He’s powering through this, hoping Tony will answer, will meet him halfway, but there is no halfway. Not on this path.
“Do people not say that to you?” Tony asks. “Someone should.”
People aren’t very good at that. Steve swallows. “I’ve slept nearly a century,” he says. “That’s more than enough.”
Steve gasps, hands coming onto Tony’s shoulders suddenly as if he’s realizing what’s going on, but not with enough pressure to actually push him away, just enough to make Tony pull back and pause. “No… Tony, I wasn’t asking for this. I can’t. You don’t have to do this. Not as—payment.”
It’s not the best scenario in which Steve rips off his clothes, but, well. It could be worse. He could be in a lab again. God, he hates labs. He especially hates labs that mess with magic. Good thing magic isn’t a thing anymore, not on Earth.
“I didn’t think this would affect you so badly like this. I am not in my right mind right now.
summon Steve, in order to prove a point.
“Aren’t you going to get on?” Steve asks.
“No,” Tony snaps, “no. I want everything done, undone. Just because you failed to save everyone does not mean you stop trying. You definitely don’t go burning down planets.”
“Yes. Hate to admit it,” Tony says, admitting it anyway, Steve notices, “but the Captain brought something useful.”
Steve stiffens, then says, “You tried, I know you did.”
“Tell your lawyers I’m sorry,” Steve says, holding his hands up, smile fading into something much more solemn, serious. “You seemed to keep all your work in your head. When I was in your workshop.”
Tony stares at Steve for a moment, then shoots him a scowl. “Incredible,” he says. “You know what, SHIELD can fix this rift by themselves. They probably made it in the first place.”
Steve doesn’t like the sneer in Tony’s voice. It seems to run in the family, but Steve has never experienced it directed at him. “I’m summoned when I’m needed.”
“Oh, yeah. Cute, but that’s where you’re wrong,” Tony cuts in. It feels good to surprise Captain America. “Of course it’s all me. He gave me a little nudge to start my plans, that’s all. The Purple Man is nowhere near smart enough to orchestrate any of this.” He waves a dismissive hand. “C’mon. You really think anyone else can fix the world in less than a week? The Purple Man has had his magic tricks for how long now? If he could’ve, he would’ve done it without me.”
Steve just looks at Tony, pained, wrecked. And says nothing.
Tony arches an eyebrow. He swipes his hand, bringing up a screen with the artists and their artwork.
“You should’ve told me,” Steve tells him. “We could’ve stopped earlier. How did I not notice?”
This has to be a dream. Apart from Tony, the entire world feels like Steve’s dreamscape, like when he’s asleep, waiting to be summoned.
Alarmed, Steve reaches out to pat out the fire, “Tony—”
Not all of it, though. He’s sure that Steve doesn’t know everything. Steve doesn’t know how Tony became a mermaid, nor why he was there sharing Steve’s cell. He doesn’t know why Tony is here right now.
Tony is silent. Always so stubbornly fighting himself.
“I don’t,” Steve snaps. “I don’t know you. Fuck. Tony. I’d heard it was possible, memory transference, but… oh my God. You ate—you ate my friends,” he chokes, furious. Grief and shock glaze over his eyes. “Is that what you’re after, is that why you’re here? Tell me. What gave Hydra the right to decide things for the rest of the world? Who gave you the right? They took away your choice, so you take away everyone else’s?”
“Does it matter? I thought about it enough that it took me only three days to subjugate the entire world,” Tony says, thinking of all the ideas he had tried to kill in his mind, let them die stillborn, but ideas can’t be killed, they aren’t alive, they’re death. “Three days. And there was a lot more to come, Cap.”
Steve has his suspicions. He really hopes he is wrong.
Tony must feel awful. He’s still smiling. Maybe that’s the point.
“Not just any sorcerer,” Steve says, smiling brightly in agreement. “You.”
“Us.”
“Hi Steve,” Bucky says, and there’s a certain softness to his voice that suggests he doesn’t want to do this, but he stands in front of Steve anyway. “You should’ve left. I warned you.”
Then why isn’t Tony sleeping? Steve wants to ask. Tony probably wouldn’t appreciate that question. If he wants, he must have other people to talk to, like Bruce. Steve isn’t here to make friends.
Steve is amazed that Tony even asks that. Even if he doesn’t know all of it, he should know the importance of Steve’s summon artifact. It’s where his soul is bound. “No. It’s not yours.”
He smiles at Steve and dares him to ask why, and Steve does. He asks every damn time, seems to really want to hear the answer, and Steve won’t give up, no matter how much he should.
Tony doesn’t know how to stop fighting. But apparently Steve doesn’t know how to hate him or give up, damn that idiot, why can’t he take lessons from the rest of the world?
Steve lets out a laugh. He widens his eyes at what they walk upon when they enter the busy streets. They are completely packed with people. Flowers dance through the skies, riding the gentle breeze. Steve smells warm noodles. For the first time in a long time (a lifetime), he registers his hunger.
Tony pushes Steve back onto the bed and straddles him.
“The others are on the way, we’ll figure out a way to fix this. Just let me get to the Purple Man, we can talk after.”
Steve stares up, holding a hand out. He doesn’t flicker, but the world around him does.
Captain America had ruined his childhood enough already, now he has to go and ruin the rest of his life, too.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony says, staring at the man standing before him. Tall, blond, the picture perfect soldier Tony always imagined, except he’s wearing a simple T-shirt and jacket and looks terribly modern with that hairstyle. “Steve Rogers! Unbelievable. Straight outta those retro comic books.”
“You’re not touching me, don’t think I don’t know how you feel,” Tony says. It only stings a bit, the offense lessened by how tight his underarmor is. “But it’s alright. You won’t change what I feel. You could never.”
Shadows drape on him. He’s lost. Where did he come from? Where is he going?
(What is this?)
“Well, we strive to break records every day, Captain. Make the impossible possible,” Fury says. “Make some possibles impossible.”
Steve opens his eyes. “Okay,” he says, sitting up, and brings his hand to Tony’s chest, carefully. He doesn’t want to hurt Tony, he knows his touch can be unpleasant for magic users. Cold, nullifying. He brushes the arc reactor, feels it pulse like a heartbeat.
An adventure with Tony. That would be nice. Seeing Tony getting excited about things, joining him…
Tony makes a strangled sound. “That is sick, that—I didn’t know about this.”
“I—sometimes. Sometimes not.”
“It’s funny of you to tell me that when your job is to fix what’s broken on call based on what other people tell you,” Tony says.
Steve grits his teeth.
Steve and Tony both look up. It’s started to rain.
“Yes. We understand,” Wanda admits, fingers fluttering. “Magic wouldn’t have any limits.” She swallows, guilt heavy on her face, but doesn’t look away from Steve. “I’m sorry. I want to make things right again. I thought it would be enough to wish for the wish to be undone, but is not enough. I—I don’t have the power to nullify the Aether.”
It always feels like a dream. It’d be nice to wake up.
“Sir,” JARVIS begins, sounding concerned.
Tony Stark could’ve gone with keeping a safe pocket realm that no one could enter without permission, but he’s clearly disinterested. He’s capable of it, if SHIELD thinks he’s the best at runes in this era.
"I will be, I swear--" Steve hummed, keeping him hugged close and kissing at the top of his head. "I'll always be here. Cross my heart."
"But they shouldn't. Daddy and I mind. Plus they bet on us, which wasn't nice at all." Steve hummed, rubbing Peter's back gently as they made it to the boy's room.
"Yeah," he muttered, disbelief and shame curling in his stomach, "I know. It's... It's whatever."
"I'll take you out for seafood date nights," He hummed, bringing Steve's hand up to his lips to kiss his knuckles, "You won't go without, honey, but we'll have to keep it away from mister allergic."
Steve happily complied, picking up his speed relentlessly and making sure to find that sweet spot. He nuzzled his way into the crook of Tony's neck, nipping and sucking at the skin and feeling the vibrations of Tony's breaths against his lips.
So enjoy this chapter! More chapters will start to be posted more regularly! :D
"OH WOW!" Peter said excitingly, looking around and checking out the room. He looked up along the walls then immediately running over and onto the bunk bed excitedly.
"Tell us when, we'll help you beat him up," he joked.
Steve could faintly taste himself on Tony's lips in the kiss, whining quietly in want.
Steve nodded softly, leaning in the touch. He reached to cover them up under the blankets, snuggling up again.
"You feel cool right now, too. So I'm very into touch." He stated. "The only other person who touched me in loving ways was my ma. Everything else was getting hit by bullies." Steve said with a dry chuckle.
"That was sneaky..." He breathed out, shutting his eyes for a moment.
"Do you--" he paused, "Well, I'm wondering, could you, maybe--?"
"She had found hers and lived her life. But me? I'm sure I've found mine, and he's standing right in front of me.".
Steve flipped through the folder quickly as they continued, marking a flier for Ms. Lewis' classes to refer back to later.
Peter looked between them, and nodded.
Tony mumbled something back, eyes slipping closed and he whined again, gently petting Steve's hair. "Please," he moaned quietly, shudders running through his body.
"I've bumped into him a couple of times, yeah. Didn't know you were friends with him. Can't believe I hadn't met you until today, though." Steve said, shaking his head and venturing to pet at Tony's hair lightly as it rest in his lap. "And if that is manly and not cute, what do you consider this?" He smirked, and eyebrow raised.
"Okay," Tony grinned, stealing Steve's lips for a kiss before taking his hands off Peter's ears.
"This isn't about that, Tony." Howard said sternly. "Although I was rather upset about that, this is about a different matter.". Tony shot his father a look that told him to explain.
He bust out into laughter again, having to wipe tears off his cheeks.
"Oooh, love your voice," Tony smirked, rocking his hips more, "You like that, baby?"
"I love it, I love it so much, you look so gorgeous," Tony breathed, reaching up to run his fingers over the lace, "God, just-- just
"Mmm, welcome baby." Steve hummed back with a grin. "Always so comfy." the blond enthused as he rested his chin on top of Tony's head. "So, what did you think of your first date?"
"I'll re-sanitize the kitchen when we get home," Tony added, "And we should brush our teeth too, just in case."
Steve placed a finger to Tony's lips, shushing him softly.
"What? Nothing of the sort! W-Why I'd never--" Steve sputtered and scoffed, warmth creeping up his neck as he cleared his throat. "A ridiculous notion..." He murmured.
He winked, giving Clint a hug before walking them out to the truck, hugging them again before waving them off, arm around Steve. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony in return and waved, leaning into Tony softly.
Once was all said and done, clothes were taken up front as Steve changed back into the ones he came in with on, coming out to Tony talking to Raavi, several bags in his hands as he began walking back over to him. The blond offered to take some of the bags himself to carry, saying goodbye and 'thank you' to Raavi and Tatianna as they left the shop.
"It'd probably be a good idea to go now before I start on any painting or anything." Steve answered, mentally hoping they get out before anyone showed up. "It'd be a waste of paint at that point."
Tony didn't reply, opting to pick up Steve's hand to kiss his knuckles, taking comfort in his warm hand.
Steve grinned at that. "I'm sure you'll find something. I know you have quite a bit in your repertoire that you haven't used with me yet--" he purred sleepily, nuzzling Tony's chest.
"C'mere, Petey." Steve said carefully, scooping the boy up carefully and laying him in bed. He tucked the boy in and gave him his teddy.
"Movie? You wanna sit through a
"Yeah. Scientists know to treasure their specimens," Tony teased, grabbing the other half of the bassinet, "And it'll take us two seconds, love."
"You know we'll have to get up and go inside, right?" He whispered, "And put out the candles. Unless you wanna wake up naked in front of the neighbors."
Looking over at Steve, Tony raked his eyes over his husband’s body, flicking his hand to have JARVIS lower the blinds.
"Hey... Whazzamatter?" Steve asked through a sleepy mumble.
"Howard found out about our plans. On my twelfth birthday, he beat me with a whiskey bottle, and when that broke, resorted to his own fisticuffs. He kneed my sternum, snapped it in half, and sent bone shards into my heart. Clint found me almost bleeding out, and got me to the hospital for emergency surgery. I was submitted under an alias, and healed for the next three weeks. Mama never knew."
down, mini monster." Steve grinned, sitting up and scooping Peter up to head to the table. "And that means eating all of your dinner."
"Yessir..." Steve said quietly. He was a little disappointed he didn't get to look at Tony during all of it, but he'd get the chance to later, he figured. The anticipation left him feeling a little anxious, but he trusted Tony. It'd be fine.
Peter rolled over to snuggle into Steve's chest, easily falling back into slumber.
He shifted over to lay down next to Steve, still throbbing with pleasure.
"I don't want to guess, I might get it, and I'd rather a surprise," Tony teased, slipping back into his clothes after drying off, "You might guess mine, but you'd have to do a hell of a lot of research for it."
"He's cute like that, you know."
"Afternoon." Steve hummed with a smile, eyes cracking open. He stroked Tony's cheek sweetly. "How you feelin'?"
"That'd be nice. I know he'd appreciate that since he didn't come with us today." The blond pointed out as they watched the jellyfish. "Look at those ones. They glow in the water."
"Shut up, Bucky, and you won't get any kisses, Pete, if you think they're gross," Tony said over Steve's shoulder, raising an eyebrow at them.
"You said it’s your fault. How?" He asked carefully. "What did you do that it was your fault? What happened, Tony?"
"I don't want Peter to feel left behind or unloved, whatever the case may be." Steve whispered back quietly, curling around Peter and tangling his own legs with Tony's. "I couldn't bear it if either child ever felt like that..."
"Don't let her kick your butt too terribly this time, alright?!".
"Daddy isn't careful," Peter tsked innocently, "It’s 'cause he don't
He arrived in front of the dorm and rapidly knocked on the door. He was a little surprised to see Bruce at the door, and apparently Bruce was surprised to see Steve as well.
"Gonna beard for birthday. Ya' earn that." He chuckled tiredly before drifting to sleep.
Comments are SO appreciated and motivate me to post faster!!! <3
Tony shook his head fondly, sitting down on the floor next to Steve. He leaned over to give him a quick smooch, happy to snuggle up to his chest.
Grinning sheepishly, Peter nodded, happy to lean on Steve's shoulder.
Tony laughed, screwing the headboard in.
"Thanks for telling me, babe." He grinned, moving his hips down harder at the spot and picking up some speed. "And you were saying, we-- ah-- we can what?"
Tony looked back with a hurt smirk and chuckled.
"He's got your eyes," Tony mumbled, keeping Peter close his chest in the slight breeze, "And your color hair."
"Yeah, but uh, who was that voice coming out of your phone?".
something happens...."
"M'kay..." He sighed, shutting his eyes as Tony cleaned him. "And t'morrow, we'll invite your mom over and clean up f'her."
"Yet you still need more convincing?" Steve smiled back gently, moving to kiss at Tony's tattoo. "I'll always be here with you, Tony. For you. Whenever you need me. You're my home, my soulmate, and I sure hope that I'm yours."
"You're so good for me, Steve. So good," Tony praised, crawling up to him, "You may speak."
house."
He grinned, ducking under Steve's arm to miss the cookie thrown at him.
The TV flickered to life and the movie began, nearly startling Peter, but he took a breath and kept watching.
"Yes. Quietly and carefully. We don't want our 'arguing' to wake him up and I'll need to walk tomorrow when I take him to the aquarium." He murmured, tugging Tony towards him.
"Nat, Clint, and I's marks would've matched if I hadn't lost my arm. But I remembered the writing." Bucky answered softly.
"I set this ceremony up, months in advance, to make sure you wouldn't by some off chance miss it. And what do you do?"
"Why did you run into the table, silly boy?" Tony crouched down next to Peter, brushing the tears off his face.
"Hopefully you'll soon learn to like my body," Tony added, grinning sheepishly, "Sorry if I come off as super lovey-dovey, I'm just super psyched that you're
"Daddy? Papa?" Peter knocked on the door, "Can I come in now?"
"C'mon, Petey, it's alright," Tony soothed, brushing the stray tears away, "You knew this would happen, baby, there's no need for big tears."
," he complained, clearly irritated.
"Tooooneeeey." Steve hummed back playfully, following Tony inside. He booped their noses together, lightly smooching Tony's lips.
Before Steve could think about what Bruce meant by that last statement, Tony sped in with a stack of games. Steve thought Tony must be really excited about this marathon. He has been more energetic today then he has ever seen him.
"You always talked about how you wanted to learn to dance, but you never had gone out to learn. And then last week, when you told me about you and Peggy before you crashed... I know its not all the same, never would be, but I wanted to get as close as I possibly could to your date, Steve. I really did.".
Sammy chewed on his teether and made a light noise, kicking his feet against the high chair with a giggle.
The boy nodded enthusiastically, snuggling up on Tony's side.
Peppered eyeballed the screen, observing the face specifically. She gave a sigh, looking at Tony carefully with a protective air about her.
"I'm gonna take you, that's for sure," Tony muttered, digging his fingers into Steve's ass, pulling him closer for a better angle, "You're so perfect, so fucking
"Holy hell, you don't know the half of it, Stevie," Tony groaned, "I don't think I've had as much sex as we've had in the past three days than I've had ever."
He smiled fondly, reaching over sift his fingers through Steve's hair.
Steve shook his head with a chuckle. "Maybe, but there is no way he could've know we were soulmates or anything. How could he of?" He explained.
"Fine. I'll stop. I'm done for now. Promise." Steve answered with a sigh, shutting his eyes again. “No more sore for a little bit, thank you."
"You really just want to get spanked, don't you?" Tony replied in a clipped voice. He spanked Steve again, giving him a good twenty swats with the paddle till his ass reddened, brightly contrasted against his darkening panties. "Are you getting wet, Steve?" he mock gasped, feeling up the slightly damp silk.
Tony blinked, peering up at Steve.
She leaned down to her bag and dug out a folder, passing it over to the couple.
"It'll get better, just try not to jostle around," he mumbled, helping Steve take the pill before kissing his temple, "I assume I did my job, then?"
TW: none
"I'd like that if it helped with that." Steve whispered, looking up at Tony softly. "I don't want you to hurt any more than you may already, love."
what you're wanting."
Tony nodded, grabbing the brush and visioning Steve's mark, taking a second to trace it with his finger before starting to paint. Steve glanced at Tony's tattoo, moving to paint it on. He used the Victorian lettering that Tony had wanted, moving his brush fluidly.
, Tony." He explained. "I'd like to hear first what
. Leave sensitive subjects for days that aren't my birthday." He yawned, turning onto the opposite sidewalk to start heading home.
"Ha, I guess you're right about that. I kind of sound like a Hallmark. But I do mean it completely. And I'll be happy to remind you whenever you need it." Steve said warmly, closing his eyes at the scratches. "I feel like a dog getting scratched behind the ears." He laughed. "It feels great.”
Tony felt his heart flutter at that: he nodded, softly smooching Steve. "Thank you," he mumbled, reaching up to cup Steve's face.
"Patience." He murmured, sneaking a hand around Tony's cock. Steve started to stroke the man as he started up his thrusts, already feeling Tony begin to clench around him.
"Yeah, maybe," Tony chuckled, stealing another kiss, "I've still got my doubts, but I think I'm getting out from under myself."
"'Kay, Daddy." Peter said with a smile, snuggling his penguin happily. "How long we gonna be at da hop'ital for?" He asked curiously.
"Good boy..." Steve whispered softly before starting to move his hips and beginning to thrust gently. He reached up and ran his fingers softly through Tony's hair.
Once back at the mansion, Tony helped Steve settle his new clothes into the room he was staying in, leaving them for now and giving the blond one of his old hoodies to use as a form of pajamas and a pair of socks to keep his feet warm. Steve looked like he was swimming in the garment with how big it was on his thin frame, but it was actually cute and endearing seeing the other that way. The way that Steve occasionally nuzzled into the fabric to feel its softness, however, just about made Tony's brain go into overload of cuteness. Big or small, this man just seemed to warm his heart with how adorable he was.
"C'mere," he muttered dreamily.
“Bruce is bringing breakfast. Eggs, bacon, pancakes; He’s got the works.” The blond alerted, Tony about to ask how he knew when Bruce walked into the lab. The scientist had a dining cart loaded with plates of food, all of which Steve had listed (plus hashbrowns). He was serious, Bruce had the works.
Tony just kissed Steve harder, trying not to laugh at the boy's protests. He only pulled back when he felt his lungs start to beg, and even then, Tony peppered Steve's face with little kisses.
Steve nodded softly, looking up at Tony as he settled into the bed. He made space next to him, patting beside him for Tony to lay down with him. Tony clambered on top of Steve, pressing his face into his neck after tugging the blankets up around them.
He grinned cheekily up at Steve, tugging on his hand lightly.
Tony moaned softly, spreading his legs just a little more to give Steve a better angle. "Y-yes sir," He stammered, going up on his tiptoes to raise his hips more.
"Don't care if I get sick now, you'll be better in a few hours," Tony grumbled, sucking up Steve's warmth.
Slowly, Tony added a third finger in, nearly amazed at how far Steve could stretch.
"Oh my god, you're starting to use my humor," Tony snorted, laughing, "Yes, yes, smartass. Thank you."
been a while since our last workout. Might do me some good." He smirked back, running his hands up Tony's back.
"No jelly?" He asked, grinning over at Steve.
Tony got oddly quiet for a moment, before picking up Steve's right hand, kissing over his palm and ring finger, spinning the tiny silver band.
Tony could barely
"We were supposed to be getting clean," He groaned, feeling Tony's tongue run over the underside of his cock, "Okay, okay. Multitasking. We can do that, too."
"Peter?" Steve said sleepily as he woke up from Peter's scream. "Peter, what's--"
He grinned, happy to skip down to the kitchen to ring the Barton-Barnes household.
Steve lay panting, trying to catch his breath. He turned to Tony carefully after hearing him giggle, sighing gently.
"Well, we'll try to keep it from doing that. Still have to clean it." He answered back carefully, quiet filling the car again for the moment.
Steve's eyes got slightly wider as Tony told the tale, his facial expression turning apologetic. Tony began to quake more in his arms, but unwilling to cry in front of Steve.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony and looked out the window. "It’s a nice view of everything up here. And you can see the sun set from this direction..."
"I think he's scared that he'll get bullied more if either of us goes in," He muttered, "I was that way when I was in high school, but I never-- my parents didn't intervene. I just put up with it. That’s kinda how I knew. About Peter. I remember doing the exact same thing."
"Slow down, you, you're fine," Tony laughed, "Santa'll come, don't worry."
"Okay? Okay, yeah. I can deal with like two hours. I think." Steve sighed gently, sitting back down on the floor. "You gonna be okay with that, Peter?"
Steve's eyes seem to sparkle as he saw the blue light still shining from the man's chest. So it was a part of the man and not the armor? Did all humans have lights? What exactly was it for? So many questions Steve wanted to ask but couldn't, given his biological differences to humans. He wouldn't even be able to get anywhere without army crawling everywhere, and that gets exhausting after a while. So he had to settle with what he had for now. It wasn't much really, but it was more than he had before. Steve clutched onto his "souvenir" and swam back down into the waters, planning to add this new discovery to his collection.
"Yeah. I like it tight," Tony murmured, tugging it again before unclipping it and putting it in the cart. He grabbed a second one--a brilliant red--and added it before moving on down the aisles, dragging Steve to the lingerie section. "Look for ones without the crotch," Tony told him, smooching his cheek, "Sounds weird, yeah, but it means I can fuck you without taking the pretty things off of you. Or me. I don't
I'm sorry, buddy. You're okay and safe, sweet boy. I promise. It’s okay." Steve whispered back, rocking them gently.
"Don't look, Sammy. Daddy and Papa are kissin' an' its gwoss." The boy grumbled, earning a gurgle from the baby.
Peter's lip wobbled as the lady dived in, taking her little crate with her. She swam up to a cluster of the creatures, opening the crate to let the chum float to them.
"Mmm, like a second honeymoon," Tony murmured, smooching Steve's cheek before climbing out of the car, "We can go stargazing. Go skinny dipping in the lake, yeah?"
live with myself if that happened," he whispered.
"I don't know what I would do without mine. She's pretty much all I have.".
"We don't know for sure it was humans." He said softly.
Grinning, Tony turned to curl up to his husband, smooching his nose.
you I'd get a desk, didn't I?"
"Tony? Tony, wake up please. It’s not real, baby. Wake up."
"He's definitely got your curiosity, Tones," Clint hummed, crossing one leg over the other.
," Peter hiccuped, tears streaming down his face, "Unca' C'int wuz talkin' 'bout his doggie an' how he m-misses her, an' I jus' wanted t-t'add her to the fam'ly, buh Unca Buck y-yelled at me f'dwawin'--"
"Go try your stuff on, Ken. I wanna see what Brucey picked for you," Tony drawled, turning his attention to the heavy wood in front of him.
"I gave him a cookie. Didn't think he'd get so wound." Pepper shrugged gently. "How did it go?"
happen!" Steve said quickly, looking over the cut--No. Not a cut. That was a
He gently kissed Steve's cheek, more than happy to lay on him as he soaked in the afterglow.
"There you go baby, shh, it’s over, I love you," Tony murmured, wiping the stray tears off Peter's face, "Papa's gonna come up and bathe you, and cuddle you and stuff, okay?"
"We can get 'im bandaids," he suggested, staring out the window, "It'll help his booboos get bettah, wight?"
"I just find him interesting, how his mind works, y'know." He explained to Natalia in a murmur. "Plus he looks fairly handsome on the off chance you catch him clean shaven and well dressed."
"Trust me, I know you are." Steve laughed, getting a playful smack. "But it doesn't sound hard. Sounds like the stuff I would do normally. I just find it odd being paid by my boyfriend to do things." He hummed in thought.
"What do you mean because of yourself?" Steve said with a serious and concerned waver to his voice. "I'd really prefer for you not to bleed at all, if it could be avoided."
"Alright Socrates, whatever you say," Tony laughed, juggling Peter on his hip, "Let's go wait for your aunts and uncles, 'kay?"
"The door's unlocked, Daddy." He called reluctantly, hearing the knock.
Steve keened slightly as Tony slid down on top of him, hands gripping just a little more on his hips. He moaned softly at the roll of hips, rolling his back when he felt ready to continue.
Sharon laugh quietly, nestling back in her pillows. She went to speak when a knock at the door interrupted them, and a nurse walked in.
"I think you are so gorgeous when you blush, though." He hummed, kissing the nape of Tony's neck I under the blankets. "Plus who else is going to see it right now, anyway?"
"Fuck," he echoed.
"I don't even know what to say to him, Steve," he murmured quietly.
"Wanna make you feel good." He hummed, looking up at Tony. "Want you to feel good, baby. That's all I want."
"You two are so adorable," Pepper hummed, a twinkle in her eye.
"Well Steve- can I call you Steve?- For those being rough sketches, those are pretty good.". He stood up and extended his hand. He was a few inches shorter than Steve was, so he had to look up slightly to meet his eyes.
He sat down at the top and put Peter in his lap again, letting the boy drag him down the slide another ten times.
"Say what?" Tony rounded the corner with Sammy on his hip, diaper bag on his shoulder.
"I love you," Tony replied softly, "I'd do anything for you, Steve."
Tony laughed softly at his lover's cries, slamming their hips together until he felt Steve tighten under him.
He paused to put a spoonful of soup in his mouth, not really tasting it.
"I swear he thinks he's top dog when I'm gone," Tony sighed, lacing their fingers together, "I'll talk to him before dinner, okay?"
Peter glared at Tony from over Steve's shoulder before burying his face in his Papa's neck.
"Daddy!" Peter shouted, lip trembling again.
"We'll go and see all of them, whichever fish you want. And since its winter, I think they have the penguins there now, too." Steve grinned, loving how cute Peter was when he was excited about something. "And we can go to the interactive museum too, if you want."
He moved the boy up to his hip and kissed his nose before trooping back over to his bedroom, not surprised to see Steve laying down with Sammy on his chest. Steve glanced over at the two with a soft smile, carefully lifting a finger to his lips in a shush motion.
go there," Tony half-threatened, pointing his fork at her, "No public embarrassment."
He slipped over to sit on the couch, smiling at the little bear that crawled into his lap. Tony wrapped his arms around the boy, pressing butterfly kisses on his temple.
Peter nodded, subconsciously slipping his thumb into his mouth as he looked up at Steve.
"I love you all open and writhing for me," Tony purred, watching Steve scrabble at the blankets as he slipped in a fourth finger, "You're so beautiful, Steve. The universe was so good in pairing me with one of Heaven's perfect angels."
"Thinking a little far there, sweetie," he teased, "Let's take it day by day, alright?"
"Peter, we would never stop loving you. Even if you had a little brother or sister, sweetie." Steve assured, smooching the boy's cheeks. "We'll always love you the same, kiddo. Never any less. I promise."
He kissed the blond full on the lips, pressing the foreheads together.
"We'll talk more after you're rested," Tony murmured, wincing as he stood with Steve, somehow managing to carry him from the workroom to their bathroom; he laid Steve down in the tub, filling it with hot water. "You okay?" he murmured, brushing Steve's bangs back.
Tony shifted uncomfortably at that, suddenly finding unfathomable interest in the rug.
"You gave a six year old a
Propped up on the bed, a very tired Sharon smiled over at Tony, a glaze in her eye that hadn't been there the last time they met. In her arms, a little bundle squirmed, tiny hands in the air as a baby's cry filled the room.
"Come on, Rogers, we need to finish the crossword," Tony announced, slipping out of the carriage.
The man shrugged, happy to climb over next to Natasha, snuggling up to her.
He kissed Steve's cheek, curling up into his body warmth. Humming, Tony tucked his head into Steve's neck, kissing at his pulse. "I love you."
"Peter, you disobeyed what we told you when you got the computer, so you have to deal with the consequence." He stated. "Curious or no, the internet gets
"It's a bunch of sad gross stuff, really," he laughed, "Most of the real magic is my bots and machines. Everything you see in tabloids? Probably fake."
"You are such a cheeseball," Tony snorted, leaning back to kiss Steve's cheek, "Once we get out of here, clothes and couch snuggles. M'too tired to make the bed." He smiled lazily, tracing shapes on Steve's chest with his finger.
Peter's pile, of course, was marginally bigger than everyone else's, but Tony grinned as he motioned for the others to open theirs first.
"A bowl for you, munchkin," Steve said with a grin, then turning to Tony. "And I'll trade you a bowl for a baby."
"So damn sexy," Tony breathed, almost tripping over himself to get to Steve, "Please, officer, been such a bad boy, got in so much trouble today--"
“How about it, baby, do you think you could do this again?” Tony purred, leaning in to nuzzle Bucky’s cheek, pressing a kiss against him. “Do you think you could take us again later?”
Tony didn’t reply, he only leaned in to press their lips together for a few seconds, breaking it regretfully as he leaned over Bucky. He wanted to do it again, deeper this time, tasting him as he ran his fingers through his short hair. He wanted to wake Bucky up and kiss him just as passionately, pinning him down to the bed. But he knew he’d be a fool to rush this. If things were going to happen, they’d have to happen in their own time.
“You’re both insane…” Bucky mumbled, resting his cheek against his arm as he draped his arm over the bucket. The road was making him feel sick again, but he didn’t think there was any point saying anything, not until another contraction hit. “STOP! Stop stop stop!!
“The past is part of this, James,” Steve took a step closer, carefully, looking for any reaction from Bucky. “I fucked up. I fucked up so big.”
“Yes, Sire,” Pepper shook her head, wondering who she was going to have to recruit to help her with all of this. She still had the spectacle Tony had ordered to deal with. “You could make my day a lot easier and talk to the Wizard yourself. He’s not going to like me asking him to perform magic tricks on a stage. Last time he said that was beneath him.”
“Easy, easy…” Tony led Bucky inside the clinic as Steve, carrying the bag, went to talk to the secretary for a moment before they were directed through the door and down a hallway. Keeping a tight hold on his young husband, they walked to the end of the hall and took a right to a small waiting room. “Have a seat, Buck, I don’t think we’ll be waiting here long.”
“That’s a long time not to kiss each other,” Bucky grumbled, though even he couldn’t keep from laughing again. “Seriously, what a stupid rule. Is that to make sure we do it on the wedding night or something?”
Steve didn’t know how he was going to do this.
“That’s not the point, the point is that you could be bringing anyone into this household,” Stane was angry, and his wine wasn’t coming fast enough. “What you are doing is irresponsible!”
But here they were now. Together. Married. Kings.
“Lift your head, Steve, and lower yours, Bucky,” Tony instructed with a smile, waiting for them to do so before placing the crown on top of Steve’s head, and then Bucky’s. Stepping aside for a moment, he let the priest lay a blessing on them before Tony returned to his spot directly in front of his husbands. “As my husbands, you are entitled and I willingly give to you the positions of Kings of the Iron Kingdom. With those titles, I know going forward that you will both work in the best interest of your people. I know you will be amazing. Rise, King Steven Stark and King James Stark, and greet your people.”
“And this has to be today?” Tony asked with a sigh, putting more dramatic emphasis into that than he needed to.
“Can you walk?” Tony turned around in his seat, looking at Steve as Bucky’s sobs seemed to answer that. “Shit…”
“Don’t go, stay with us,” Bucky said, moving back to Steve’s side and patting the empty spot beside him. “You’re upset, and Steve said people shouldn’t be alone when they’re upset. I think he’s probably right.”
“Thank you…” Bucky took the robes, putting them on, just wanting out of that house and away from Namor’s blank eyes.
“Just leave him alone, Rogers,” Natasha said before Steve could open his mouth, noting the crushed expression on the man’s face. “I’m not trying to start anything with you. None of us want to bring problems into this, we have enough to stress out over without…”
He’d expected to see Bucky scramble for the door, but he didn’t move from Steve’s side, not even peeking to get a look at what was going on. Tony’s eyes moved to Steve’s next, looking for an answer he didn’t think he wanted to hear.
If he had to marry King Anthony, he would do it. But he wasn’t going to like it.
“We can do that, but may I make a request?” Tony asked, feeling a little bold.
“I have a plan,” the corners of Tony’s mouth tugged up into a little but sinister smile, his hands gripping the smalls of Bucky and Steve’s backs as his grin widened. “And I think you’re going to love it.”
Sam wasn’t sure what to say, his jaw hanging open a little as he processed everything Steve had said, shocked to say the least. He didn’t know what he’d expected when he’d asked Steve what was wrong, but it wasn’t anything close to the truth. He was pretty sure that he couldn’t have imagined that.
“Not a problem, you’re having a baby, yell away,” Tony said as he picked up the bag, heading to the SUV with both in hand, wanting to get going as soon as possible. “Got him, Steve?”
“I’ll talk. I can do that much,” Bucky said, his voice small and afraid, though his determination shone through his expression. “What’s going to happen to me though?”
“Okay, my turn now,” Tony clapped his hands again, rubbing them together excitedly as he looked straight at Bucky. “I have a bit of a confession to make, though, and Steve already knows this, but my present isn’t for both of you. It’s just for you, Buck.”
Tony realizes what's happening behind his back, and Steve and Bucky get comfortable in their hiding spot.
“Our hands, Von Doom, don’t get ahead of yourself,” Stane said angrily, not wanting to miss out on his part of the spoils here. He was already a very rich man from the taxes he was embezzling off of their own people, but he always wanted more.
Standing up, he finished his wine, leaving the cup behind him as he headed to his study. He had more potent alcohol there, and behind that door, he could be truly alone to plot. He was a smart man, he didn’t get caught when he poisoned King Roger, and he wasn’t about to be discovered now. Not when he was so close.
“Just a little at the bottom, my lady,” Jarvis bowed slightly to her, reaching out a hand to pick up a beautiful carved brush, holding it out to her. “I can get you one just like this for your own use.”
“See, they’re friends, Bucky’s just being shy,” Howard said with a laugh, glad that Steve had unknowingly made things better for him. “Steve stayed down here to keep Bucky company, but we’ll be giving him a bedroom upstairs.”
“That would make sense,” Steve noted, though he wasn’t very happy about it. “I know it’s going to work, at least. I don’t see me wanting to let go either one of you that entire night.”
“That’s not exactly everything,” Steve interjected, clearing his throat as he tried to ignore his once best friend. “I was very small and sickly, and my mother had heard of a magic man far in the woods who could help me. Bucky came with me, as did my mother, and when we found the man, he said he needed something from us. I swear, I didn’t know it was his arm, but…the man cured me in exchange for Bucky’s arm. He needed it for some spell.”
Tony’s fingers moved deftly as the man pursed his lips, holding in a deep breath he was barely aware of. His work was small and delicate, the tiny cogs and springs had to be placed just so or none of this was going to work. He was glad in that moment that he’d been blessed with steady hands, a gift which would have been more useful for a man that relied on his craft for survival, not for a man of his station. Something he’d been reminded of over the years since the death of his father, something he chose to ignore.
“That’s what I thought…” murmured Bucky, reminded again of how little he’d been when this all began. “I wonder if my kids will need leashes. I don’t know how much I’m going to be involved in the actual raising part, though, I shouldn’t get my hopes up about it.”
“He found the gym,” Bucky said with a chuckle as he moved over to Tony’s side, looking at the robot with a cocked head. “So what does it do?”
“What?” Bucky asked, thoroughly confused as to why Natasha wasn’t turning this fucker inside out. “What’s going on? How do you know this guy?”
“It’s happening again…” Bucky whimpered before he could get in the chair, holding onto Tony tightly as he struggled to breathe through it, holding his bucket up closer to his face in case he had to use it.
“I don’t think that’s the right word for it,” Bucky hugged his bucket close, still not sure if he was going to need it again.
“He’s having another one and it’s bad, I don’t know what to do, it’s not stopping,” Steve said, holding Bucky close, wishing he remembered something out of everything he’d read. “The road is fine here, we’re almost at the road, I’m going to put him back in.”
“Set my friend and his party up with some rooms in the South wing,” Tony figured he was going to have to go all out with the fanciest suite he had for Von Doom. He might as well keep him comfortable for this funeral turned wedding he had planned. It didn’t hurt to have another King watch him get married, and Von Doom seemed alright enough. Maybe the rumours about Latveria were just that.
“But…” Steve opened his mouth, closing it again, feeling like he’d been punched in the stomach.
“And I’m eternally grateful,” Bucky smiled, enjoying the feeling of being close to Steve, though he knew in his heart this picture wasn’t perfect. “I miss Tony.”
“I don’t know yet, I haven’t been a good King for long enough,” Tony sighed, thinking for a moment as he tapped his fingers against the outside of the glass. “I’m thinking whoever has stolen this money must have it still, either in the form of gold or possessions. We’re going to be taking every cent back.”
“Oh excuse me, cut their heads off and light them on fire,” Steve sighed in frustration. “Maybe we should get Sam, he’d be useful.”
“You’re being paranoid,” Natasha said, though she couldn’t exactly say that Bucky was wrong. He might be completely correct, and they were all there to make everyone here laugh, but there was a chance this was legitimate too. They couldn’t throw this away on a suspicion.
“No you can’t say it enough!” Bucky shot back, furious that he had to be trapped in that room with the man he hated more than anything.
“Do you want to tell Tony?” Steve asked, hoping he wasn’t going to have to hide something from his other boyfriend, but he knew he had to respect Bucky’s decision in this.
“They might not care once it doesn’t affect them, though,” Steve frowned, hoping that wasn’t going to be the case. “I hope the winner is someone that really deserves it. Someone like…”
“You can call me Steve, if you want, Sire,” Steve said, holding his hands in front of himself, hoping they could make this a little less formal. He was so nervous, no one had ever taught him anything about the protocol of talking to the King.
“I have Steve…I have Tony…” Dropping his voice down a bit, he licked his lips as he stared up at the painted ceiling above him. It was stupid, but just hearing these things out loud sent a rush through his body, making his cheeks ached as he grinned from ear to ear. “I have them both, and they love me for me, they love me with one arm. They really love me…”
“It doesn’t hurt, it doesn’t, it feels so good…” Bucky mumbled, both hands on Tony’s shoulders, being careful that his metal one didn’t grip him too tightly. Looking up, his eyes locked with Tony’s, silently pleading for him to not hold back, reassuring him that he could take it. “I want to make you so happy.”
“I know you would have, you’re a sweetheart,” Steve smiled weakly, looking down at Bucky as he kept him close, hoping it was making him feel as loved as he was. Relaxing, he looked down at his phone in his free hand, his thumb hovering over it for a second before he typed in ‘early pregnancy symptoms’, looking them over to see what was and wasn’t normal so he knew what to watch Bucky for, for now anyway. He was so wrapped up reading an article that he hadn’t seen Tony approach, the knock on the window nearly scaring the life out of him.
“Namor’s actually right, let’s not worry about it until it comes up,” Natasha went back to her chair, giving Bucky a bit of space. “We could be freaking out over nothing.”
“I don’t think there’s really any way to guess your father is up to something like this,” Steve sighed, wondering if he should go to Bucky’s side, or give him a minute on his own to process his first steps to freedom.
“Namor? No,” Natasha shook her head and laughed grimly. “He’d probably just get us kicked out, so don’t worry about him. He thought this whole plan was stupid anyway, he’d probably just be annoyed with us that it worked.”
“No, I’m doing this,” Bucky gritted his teeth, stabbing into the wood clumsily, and trying to cut away all of that broken piece. He didn’t care what the floor was going to look like after, he was making sure it was clean though.
“It would be his loss,” Steve said frankly, staring back at Bucky into his sky blue eyes, wishing he could lift every worry off him. “I’ve only known you a couple months and I know you’re brilliant, you can pick things up so fast, and you’re kind, which I don’t think many people would be if they’d been through what you have. You’re curious, you ask lots of intelligent questions, and you’re pretty good at answering when I ask you things. You have a good sense of humour, or close to mine anyway, and…you make people want to like you. From the moment I saw you, I liked you.”
“Tony, listen to me,” Pepper’s voice was soft and even as she spoke to him. “If you want to apply yourself, if you want to be a King, you can do it. You can still win them over and be a great leader.”
“See, Tony, he’s-“ Howard began, his hand ready to squeeze Tony’s shoulder.
“Jokes on you, I stopped myself before I did it, I only got a few tugs in,” Bucky looked positively impish in the moonlight, having dodged a question to the best of his abilities. Steve already knew enough about him, he didn’t need him having too much of an advantage. Though, things will get boring if he just plays hard to get. “If you must know, though, I was thinking about both of you at the same time.”
“That’s never a sentence you want to hear,” Tony said as he sat out back his newly remodelled home with his husbands, a beer in one hand and a handful of almonds in the other. “Peter, you’re supposed to hang off those, not climb on top of them. You too, Gwen, that’s a roof.”
“How far along am I? Can you tell what I’m having?” Bucky asked, watching the screen, trying to keep as calm as possible.
Tony didn’t say a word as Von Doom got to his feet, glared at him, and then stormed his way to the doors. All he could do was smile as he disappeared from view and the heavy doors closed again. It had taken him years to find out where the poison in his life was coming from, and in minutes, he’d excised and disposed of it. Now he was truly open and ready to move forward into something much better and healthier.
“I agree to all of that,” Steve got up as well, clapping along with Tony, a big wide smile on his face as his eyes kept tearing up. Walking right up to Bucky, he put his arms around him, pulling him into a tight hug, turning his head to kiss Bucky’s cheek. “Do you have that written down anywhere?”
“No, not Pepper, she’s too intense,” Tony shook his head, eating some eggs and chewing slowly, watching his uncle’s expression as he drove the man insane.
“You think he would really do such a thing?”
“Are you actually going to that?” Bucky raised an eyebrow, looking at Natasha as if she said she was going to get a position as the court jester.
“No, I picked this place because it’s in the middle of nowhere, I don’t think there are many security cameras around, and my father knows how useless I am in the wilderness, so he’d probably start looking in cities and that,” Tony said, turning his head so that he could see Bucky better. “This seemed like the perfect place, it’s just an advantage that it’s quiet and remote for you.”
“Okay, don’t get too carried away, I ca-“ Tony opened his mouth to speak when he saw the fire in Pepper’s eyes, certain that she was about to commit regicide any second now. “You know what? That sounds like a good idea, a few drinks or something, getting to know those men. Good idea.”
“I see you finally decided to grace us with your presence,” Stane said as he finished his last bites of egg and bread, taking a drink of water from his cup. His eyes moved up to meet his nephew’s as the man came wandering in wearing the same clothes from yesterday. “Did you even leave the workshop?”
“You should mention that the crowd needs to keep calm,” Stane whispered to Tony, adjusting the bowl in his hands, wondering just how big this headache was going to be.
“I will say ‘you there, bring me something yellow, round, and sweet’,” Bucky chuckled, laughing harder as he tried to keep a straight face. “I mean, how many things can be yellow, round, and sweet?”
“Oh we will. I’m going to get the Wizard Strange to perform magic the likes of nothing they’ve ever seen,” Tony grinned, ideas pouring into his head.
“Clint and I can get the bodies then, just tell us where to go,” Natasha got to her feet, ready to go get dressed and start this.
“What about your workshop? Surely your workshop must bring you some happiness still,” Stane asked, realizing he hadn’t seen Tony go down there in days. He wasn’t entirely pleased by this change in behavior, not when he was so close to getting what he wanted. He was going to be the richest man in the Iron Kingdom, and he was going to spend the rest of his days eating grapes and surrounded by his gold.
It wasn’t a big piece of paper, though it was a little thicker than the paper Steve was used to drawing on. On the left was the King’s official seal in red ink, the stamp pressed into it was a coat of arms with a helmet on the banner and the Stark name. Written onto the paper was the name ‘Rogers’ and the number on hundred and thirty in neat, flowing script. It wasn’t embossed in gold or decorated with intricate designs like Steve had been picturing, he’d already been wondering how easy it would be to forge them. He didn’t think anyone would go through all the trouble to make one of these for every number in their family’s name.
“Not probable,” Bucky shot back, staring into the fire with a renewed vigor. He wasn’t angry with Natasha, he understood what she did and why she did it, but that didn’t mean he had to be happy about it. She knew he was going to be upset, she knew him too well to think that Bucky would take this lightly. But he could understand her desperation, he faced the same conditions she did, that they were all trapped in. If there was the possibility of ending that, he had to swallow his own emotions and do what needed to be done.
“I mean it this time,” Bucky said as he crossed his arms on top of his stomach.
“Are you trying to turn me on?”
“We’re married…” Bucky said in a whisper, practically going out of his skin with excitement. He couldn’t stop biting his bottom lip, and if he didn’t, he was going to make himself bleed soon.
“Of course, give him all the time in the world, he can live in that room if he wants,” Tony said, watching Bucky breathe slow, even breaths as he slept, his eyelashes fluttering a little as he dreamed, which only made Tony feel worse at the moment. “…what does he dream about, just being in that cell? What else does he know enough to dream about? Or maybe his brain just makes shit up to fill in where all the life experiences were stolen from him.”
“You may be tall, but I’m not,” Sarah replied, finally finding a spot just close enough to the stage to see what was going on, but far enough in case the crowd got rough. “This is good enough, we should be able to hear from here too.”
“I feel like I’m thinking straight…” Tony looked into the glass, avoiding his uncle’s gaze. “Uncle, I feel like…I feel like I’m waking up from a very long sleep, that Steve and Bucky yanked me out of it on their way out. I want to do something good for my people.”
“Which home?” Steve asked, bringing Bucky’s hand up to his face to press a kiss to the back of it.
“Nope.”
“Are you joking?” Pepper said as Tony came waltzing in, thankfully enjoying a closer relationship with the King that allowed her to be casual with him. “Sire, this is insane, how am I supposed to do this in a month much less a week!”
“Bye, Steve,” Bucky replied, looking up from his game again for a moment before turning back to it.
“You certainly did,” smiled the priest, who touched the crown and the rings, saying a small blessing upon both before drawing his hands back. “The three of you, join hands before me, we shall begin.”
“No, well, they usually get interrupted by guns or aliens or something. So not a whole one,” Bucky said with a little shrug, sitting up as well. “I mean, we’re doing it in our bedroom, without a priest, I think we can make it up as we go.”
Bucky had taken that moment to press his lips against Steve’s, silencing him with a tender kiss. As the two men stood together in an embrace, they were both oblivious to Tony walking back into the room. Up until he came to wrap his arms around both of them, giving them a hug.
“We were watching the house, but we were too late to save the man downstairs, and we’re very sorry for that,” Fury said as he accompanied them to the main floor where there were a few dead guards lying on the floor close to Namor, who was staring blankly at the ceiling.
“I’ll squirm even more if you hurry up and fuck me,” Bucky said impatiently as he drew his mouth back from Tony to speak for a moment before slipping his saliva slicked dick back past his lips.
“We can’t be together,” said Bucky with sad finality, looking up at Steve. “One of us is going to be promised to Tony.”
“You’re asking to speak to Bucky,” Natasha said, very much a statement and not a question. “Are you trying to make him angry? I mean, I know we have this truce and all, but you should go through me, not him.”
“I do, I know forty four different types of solitaire,” Bucky said, reaching into his bedside table, taking out a pair of Stark Industries branded playing cards, and holding them out to Steve. “I know a few types of poker, crazy eights, blackjack…lots of others. I have some poker chips too.”
“I’ll be here,” Fury waved, looking back out into the dark past the edges of the torchlight.
Watching Tony leave, Bucky got up and moved over to Steve, wrapping an arm around his waist as he rested his cheek on the other man’s shoulder. Closing his eyes, he let the pressure of the day wash away from him, replacing tension with love. He needed this, things had been busy lately, they hadn’t had much time together. He was glad they were at least going to have this special day together.
“Fuck…” pinching the bridge of his nose, Tony took a few deep breaths, remembering that he was supposed to be mourning on top of this newfound stress. “What have I done?”
“Hello, Uncle,” Tony said with a sigh, not looking up from his magnifying lens as he tweaked a gear. “Were we? I suppose the time slipped away. My greatest regrets.”
“Pepper’s right, your people are expecting you,” Stane said, watching as the last of the lanterns were lit for Tony’s arrival. “Are you ready?”
Bucky looked at Steve worriedly for a moment before he nodded slowly, getting out of the car once he couldn’t see anyone else out on the streets. Taking Tony by the hand, still holding his bucket in the other, he walked inside the clinic, trembling all over as his eyes darted around.
“You mean your heir issue,” Tony corrected him, pouring himself more coffee into his large ‘Sexy Grandma’ mug. “I already said no to the surrogate, I don’t have time to raise a kid, and I don’t want my kid being raised by a nanny. So, as I’ve been saying for years, no. You should have had more kids if you like them that much.”
“Probably not. I wonder how much money they’re wasting away on this,” said Steve as he wondered what was going into this, both in terms of spending and people’s time. “There has to have been an easier way to pick a consort. What if our taxes go up because of this?”
“See, I’ve noticed that,” Tony said, turning to look at Steve, trying to smile and ease his anxiety. “This is your home now, though, I don’t want you to be afraid to ask for anything you need.”
Steve blinked, completely taken by surprise by Peggy’s admission, though he felt like he shouldn’t be. If he knew something was wrong for a long time, she probably knew for longer, she was a lot sharper than he was.
“Hello, boys,” Natasha said as she appeared from the shadows in her light nightgown, wrapping an arm around Ronin’s neck and pointing a blade into it with her other hand. “Want to drop that sword?”
“I guess you did a lot of wishing that you could go back in time and undo it,” Steve frowned, squeezing Bucky tighter as he felt like apologizing over and over again.
“What have you heard?” Tony asked as he leaned in, eyes wide and curious as he studied Pepper’s worried expression. “It’s just me, I’m not going to punish you for speaking. You’ve known me for how long, have I ever done that?”
“It depends who you commit the crime against,” Pepper sighed, not really liking the system, and liking that Tony was asking her about it even less. “Tony, please, you need to rest.”
“Long story involving drinking and shopping online,” Tony answered, dreading what he was going to get into next. “Bucky, how much was my father around you? What did he say to you about me when you were growing up?”
Tony takes Bucky and Steve out for some one-on-one time.
“I’ve got this, then we have to burn these pieces so you can’t see them again,” Bucky cut off the majority of the spot, working on the last of it now, though the pain in his shoulder was starting to get overwhelming. “I don’t want you to have to look at it ever again.”
“And I get to be in the middle,” Bucky said with a smile, his cheeks flushing when he realized how that sounded. Though he couldn’t argue with the sentiment.
“I still don’t think that sounds like a good habit to get into,” Stane said with a little laugh, looking at Von Doom, and promptly bowing to him. “Your Majesty, may I present myself, you may not remember me. My name is Obidiah Stane, I’m King Anthony’s Uncle.”
“Don’t be nervous, Bucky, you’re doing great,” Tony hoped that wouldn’t make Bucky feel embarrassed or put on the spot, he truly did just want the other man to relax. “I know this is new for you, this is new for me too. I wish I could automatically make this easier.”
“Yes, Tony, of course,” Pepper looked over at Von Doom, who didn’t appear to be drinking his whiskey as fast as Tony was. “Your Majesty, if you’d like to come with me, I’ll bring you to your room so you can rest.”
“You’re right, we need food,” said Tony as he let go of his husbands and walked back into the sitting room. Picking up a mostly empty bottle of whiskey, he poured three glasses and set them down around everyone’s usual spots before sitting down himself. “Come on, whiskey time, then I think we can do our presents.”
“Wonderful,” stated Stane from the corner of the tent, starting to wonder if these two idiots would take each other out so that he could go ahead with his own plans. Maybe this dual winner nonsense would work for him, he wasn’t about to complain about the two men not getting along. Hopefully they’d fight soon and Tony would throw them both out.
“Precisely,” Tony grinned back, not sure if it was the stress of the day or his own exhaustion, but he was starting to get a bit silly. Maybe it was his brain’s way of protecting himself from the reality of what had happened. “Don’t worry, we’ll sort out everything with Bucky, I’ve got my lawyers working on everything.”
“Nothing, actually, they said they’d give me a company car, I asked for a company motorcycle,” Steve said with a grin, holding open the door of the cafe. “I haven’t even spent much of my raise yet, they let me put everything on my company card.”
“You promise?” asked Bucky as he stared into the light of the lantern.
“Good man, thank you,” Tony raised a glass to him before reaching behind him to get the bottle from the table behind him. Looking at it for a moment, he shrugged a bit and put it back, deciding to wait on the wine instead.
“Long live the Starks,” Tony echoed, wrapping his arms around his husbands, holding them close.
“James Buchanan Barnes,” it was Bucky’s turn for the priest’s attention, the old man laying his hand on his armless shoulder. “Do you accept these two men into your heart? Do you pledge to give them the best of yourself every single day? Do you swear your loyalty to them through troubles or triumphs?”
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve said as he leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes and getting comfortable. “Don’t let me sleep too long.”
“Yeah, I know what I’m going to do,” Tony nodded, taking a drink of the rich coffee they’d brought him. “You’re right, it would be stupid of me to lose the throne over something like this, so…I’m going to get married.”
“Rogers, Steven Grant,” Steve said as the small red light on the card scanner illuminated and subsequently disappeared. He watched as Ms. Carr removed the card, attaching it to a metal chain, before holding it out to him.
“I never would have let him do that to you…” Tony said, reaching out to touch Bucky, looking at Steve for a moment to okay it with him, waiting for his little nod to put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Bucky, I’m going to do the most I can to give you a wonderful life. I’m…I’m so, so sorry…”
“I have things to do in my workshop. Tell them to send more coffee to me in an hour, I’ll be busy until then,” Tony said, turning to wander out, though he paused at the door to turn back. “I want this lottery, everything about it, to bring joy. I don’t even want the people who lose to be sad. This is about hope, this is about bringing me closer to them and vice versa.”
“No, you don’t have to,” Steve shook his head, wondering just what he was going to tell Bucky, hoping he didn’t pull our a king or something. There weren’t that many interesting facts about him, and he didn’t want to get weirdly personal yet.
“Maybe whoever wins the lottery can talk to King Anthony and possibly get the taxes lowered,” Steve’s mouth watered as he waited to dig into his food, knowing he’d burn himself if he wasn’t patient.
“I don’t want to be too crass, though, I want to…I don’t want to embarrass you,” Bucky stumbled on his words, cursing Natasha for challenging him to drink as much as he did. It didn’t really make conversation easier.
“I’m sorry it took me so long to get here. The police said I have to stay in this province, but they let me go for now,” Tony said, holding Steve close, his eyes over at Bucky lying pale in his bed. “The doctor and the guard, they actually told the truth, and my father going after Bucky all the way up here and attacking him makes him look even guiltier. He’s dead, though…so he can’t afford a lawyer to challenge me on it.”
“I don’t want to die,” Bucky whispered, his chest feeling tight as he spoke. “But if something happens and it comes down to me or the baby, I want you to help the baby first. My life was a mess until just recently, and I’m still plagued by everything they did to me. I think it’s better to save a new life than to save that.”
“And how bad is that?” Rhodey asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I want you to put your left thumb on that pad, and you need to look into this camera without blinking,” Ms. Carr watched as Steve’s thumbprint and retina scan finished. “Now I want you to say your full name, surname first, when the red light appears. Be very clear.”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Natasha replied, leaning against a post at the end of Bucky’s bed. “I’m Bucky’s best friend, though, so I kind of live here now. Don’t think my views on the upper class have changed just because I’m a part of it now. I’m working from within.”
“Aww, not letting everyone play?” cocking his head, Tony watched Pepper intently.
“Is that you in the back, Uncle?” Tony asked from his throne, seeing the bald man trying to get through to him. Gesturing for the people to step from his way, Tony looked down at him as he managed to come up the empty middle. “Sorry about that, I didn’t realize we were having company, I would have called you earlier.”
“I would imagine a lot of people,” Steve shrugged, watching as Bucky put the water down before taking it for himself. “You’re a really good looking man, your body is likely still as stunning as I remember it being.”
“This is a room you’re really going to like,” Tony said as he let go of Steve’s arm, opening the door and gesturing for him to come in. “I hope so, anyway.”
As Steve and Bucky turned, they were shocked to see everyone in the chapel rising to their feet. Standing on the stage with Tony between them, the two poor boys who had pledged marriage between them years ago were now standing with crowns on their heads, and rings on their hands promising themselves to each other as well as Tony. They’d said way back then they’d be rich one day, that they’d live in comfort with each other into their old age, but it had just been a dream then. And after so many years apart, that had long fallen into nothing.
“It fuels my hatred,” Bucky laughed, trying to make an angry face and failing. “At least it makes me not want to punch that stupid asshole in this perfect face for a few minutes.”
“Oh gods no! Of course not, no!” Steve rushed forward, though he stopped within arms distance to Bucky, not knowing if he should close that space. “You’re not gross or ugly at all, you’re incredibly gorgeous. Moreso than you were back then, you’ve grown into your looks like…gods, I can’t stop looking at you.”
Taking the glass of whiskey in his hand, Bucky sniffed at it carefully before he lifted the glass and downed the liquid. Blinking back tears, he felt like the inside of his chest was burning in an oddly pleasant way, the sweet taste of alcohol on his lips. This was so much better than the ale from the pubs, he could get used to this, even though he knew he shouldn’t. It did, however, amuse him when the amber drink caused Steve to cough. At least he could handle his alcohol.
“It’s in Yukon Territories, Canada, and near there is the only property I own that I know my father doesn’t know about,” Tony said with a shaky sigh. “I bought it a few weeks after I met you both, I wanted to insure Bucky’s safety if this happened.”
“I’m okay, really,” Tony said after a minute, ignoring the voice in his head that insisted he clearly wasn’t even close to okay.
“Yeah, it’s frozen pineapple, pineapple juice, vanilla protein powder, and vanilla Greek yogourt. You said you didn’t like mango, I thought pineapple was safe,” Steve said, sitting across from him, leaning forward on the back of the chair as he ignored the comment about Bucky wrecking his life, not wanting to get into an argument about it. “I can make you a strawberry banana one if you want.”
The first thing that Steve noticed about this elevator was that there were no buttons, and that it opened on both sides. There was what he recognized as a barcode reader, next to a round pad that glowed red, and underneath what he guessed was a camera of sorts. Opening his mouth to ask how they were supposed to get anywhere, he looked up to see another camera pointing down at them. That was definitely a security camera.
“No, no one’s seen him in months,” Von Doom grunted, pursing his lips. “I would say he’s our man if that wasn’t the case, though.”
“Of course, my lady,” Jarvis said, setting the box down on the table and opening it to show off an array of scissors and combs.
“It’s a lot of work and not a lot of time. If I’m doing this, I have to decide to do it now so I can start everything. I don’t have time to hesitate.”
“Morning, Buck,” Steve said, walking in with two smoothies in hand, setting Bucky’s into the scanner as the nurse finished up with his blood pressure. “Morning, Christine, everything okay today?”
“Steve, we won! You won! Oh my god!” Sarah gushed excitedly, bursting into happy tears as she held up the ticket, waving it excitedly as her son stared forward in shocked silence. “Steve, come on, get up there!”
Nodding, Steve went around to the other side, getting into the car after admiring how Tony plastic wrapped the back seat. “You know his water’s not going to break, right?”
“Yes, holy shit,” Bucky laughed suddenly, petting Steve’s arm around his own chest. “I thought my life was going to be mostly lonely. I mean, I have Natasha, but she might find someone and move on, and I wouldn’t have blamed her at all. I didn’t think any man would have me, though, especially you and Tony. I think you were at the bottom of my list of people that might want me.”
“And here we are…oh!” Steve pulled up a driveway past a grove of trees to spot a beautiful wood shingled house with a green roof and a wrap around porch. The yard was a decent size around it, surrounded by thick white spruces, with a few here and there to break the space up. It was hardly Stark mansion, but it was the perfect size for the three of them, and it was somewhere safe.
“We did, a long time ago,” Bucky’s voice was soft and quiet, embarrassed at being caught glaring at Steve by the King. That can’t be a good first impression.
“I think it’ll look good,” Natasha said in a way that also carried the message for Bucky to shut up and let the man do his job.
“I-thank you,” Steve said, stammering for a moment as his eyes looked over his file. “I just try to bring a good attitude and my best effort  into everything I do.”
“You’re right,” Tony turned towards the house, walking up the short path to the porch, adjusting the heavy bag. “I hope I brought everything we’d need. I don’t know how long it takes something to be shipped up here. I think we have to go to the end of the crappy road for our mailbox.”
“What is that thing?” Steve asked, not remembering if he’d ever seen anything like it before. It looked like a food storage receptacle, but there was a screen above it.
“We’ve worked jobs together,” Natasha said with a shrug, acting as casual as she could in her light pink nightdress with a dagger in her hand. “He’s a good guy, very trustworthy.”
“You can have all the time you want. Speaking of time though,” Tony leaned down to give Bucky a quick kiss before backing off a bit. “You don’t have to be with me right now if you don’t want to. I get that this is your first time, Steve alone might have been intense enough, I’m just giving you the all clear to pass for now, maybe pick it up in a few hours. Or tomorrow. Whenever.”
“What if you shut them?” Bucky asked, pulling his blanket over so he could pull it around his shoulders.
“That wouldn’t stop us from having a ceremony or something. You’d be married to us in the only way that matters, and we’ll do that, okay?” Tony said, looking at Steve for a moment as he wondered if that meant the two of them would be getting hitched as well. Not that he would mind, he loved Steve more than any boyfriend he’d had before, marrying him would be an honour. “That good with you, Steve? We…we should do it on paper, though, you and me. So if I die, the company will go to you, and you can look after Bucky and the…the baby.” He didn’t think he was ever going to get used to saying that.
“Natasha, Jarvis will be able to do your hair as well, is there a style you’d like?” Pepper asked the pretty redhead, wondering what would suit her best. “He’s very good at women’s hair too.”
“Uncle, something’s going on,” Tony sat upright, looking into Stane’s eyes as he kept his voice stern and serious. “I didn’t want to get into this until after the wedding, but someone is stealing from the crown, from the people. Taxes are through the roof for the peasants, but I’ve asked about the state of our own coffers and we don’t have much. We definitely don’t have the money we should considering what people have been paying.”
“I would have liked your cabin,” Bucky said as he passed Steve’s phone back to him, closing his eyes and snuggling against him so he could try to forget where he was.
“I was approached by a man from a group called the Ten Rings,” Clint tented his fingers and leaned forward, planting his elbows into his knees. “I don’t know the man’s name, he just kept saying he was just representing the Ten Rings.”
Bucky nodded, slowly sitting up to pick up his smoothie, taking a small sip.
“I’m sure it’s going to be dead silent when they read out that number,” Steve looked up at the stage, wondering if King Anthony himself was going to be there for the draw. He’d made an appearance at the beginning of the festivities from his balcony, and he’d watched most of the performances, but he’d disappeared after the wizard.
“I could have done both,” Tony felt sick, the tears misting his eyes now were completely genuine. He’d failed his people, there was no other way to put it. “How much did we take from Wakanda?”
“Over here, follow me,” Tony led them over to the furniture in the corner of the tent, sitting down on his red plush chair and leaving the couch for them.
“I have to ask, was it an easy decision?” Bucky looked down at the amber liquid, feeling no desire to drink it at the moment. He was too afraid it would come back up.
“I’m not judging you,” Steve promised him, feeling worse that Bucky was pushed to such extremes. He had never dreamed things were so bad for him.
“That doesn’t help,” Tony said dryly, his shoulders wilting as he pressed his brow into his palm. “I want them to say yes to this because they really like me and they think this can work.”
“Can you? Can you really?” Steve teased, laughing as Tony took a swing at his arm with a thin stick.
“Thank you, thank you so much, we really appreciate this,” Tony put the wand back in it’s holder, taking a handful of tissues to clean up Bucky’s stomach before tossing them over by the wood stove. “We’ll email you tomorrow and be in touch.”
“Yeah, Bucky’s friend is guarding them, they’re fine. No one’s going to find them there,” Tony grinned widely, able to finally tell his uncle the truth. “So I don’t have to marry Von Doom, or Pepper. I can marry the men I love, and then together, we’re going to fix my history of stupid mistakes.”
“My mother bought the ticket, I can get her to clear up who sold it to her,” Steve offered, figuring that would be the easiest way to clear things up. He wished he could just give this to Bucky, he would if it wasn’t for his mother.
“I don’t want you to doubt me…” Bucky said weakly, turning his head to cautiously look into Tony’s eyes.
“Bucky, I’m sorry!” Steve pleaded, just wanting this to be over. His hopes had climbed as his mother spoke to his former friend, but they’d come crashing down with Bucky’s reply. “I am so, so sorry, I can’t say it enough. I will never stop saying it.”
“I’ll get you something for your stomach,” Steve ducked into the kitchen to make a peppermint tea for Bucky, along with a few plain crackers on a plate.
“He’ll have to fight me for you,” Steve let out a playful growl, nipping Bucky’s collar before pressing little kisses against it.
“I can’t imagine teenage boys find books on pregnancy to be very entertaining. I don’t think anyone that age would,” Tony pressed a kiss against Bucky’s temple, nuzzling it softy. “I know what you mean, baby, you don’t have to explain yourself to me.”
Tony meets both of his potential spouses just in time to find out why there was two of them.
“Alright,” Steve agreed after a moment of thought as he tried to ignore his headache from lack of sleep. He was no help in the current state he was in, he needed to rest up a bit so he could look after Bucky and their babies. “You wake me the second he’s awake, right? Do you need a coffee or anything?”
After the last fork was dropped and the final plate pushed away, Tony stood from his beautifully carved chair, turning to look at his left towards Steve, and then his right at Bucky. This was it, he couldn’t keep thinking of reasons to avoid them, he was going to have to do his kingly duty and get to know these two subjects. Luckily, alcohol was going to be involved.
“I have all the measurements I need now, you can clean that gel off Bucky’s stomach now,” Dr. Marner said as she took her hand off her mouse, looking at the last image with a little smile. “I’ve saved these images, and I will keep them in the same folder as your emails.”
“I’m telling you now, I think you two are going to look fabulous,” Pepper said, almost excited at the thought of black outfits with the King’s colours on them.
“I agree,” Pepper nodded, putting her hand over Tony’s on the arm of the throne. “But those things are a matter for another day, for after the funeral.”
“Uncle…”
“You bought the ticket, and chance made us winners, we didn’t earn this spot at all,” Bucky reminded her.
“That’s only part of the present, the rest is where we’re going tonight,” Tony was pleased with himself. He didn’t know much about art, but he’d been asking around a lot since he found out that Steve was into it. “Are you ready?”
“Right here,” Steve said as he took it out of his pocket where it lay next to his own phone. He half wanted to ask why they called it Bucky’s habitat, it made him sound like a zoo animal. Though Steve didn’t know what the kid was like, there was every possibility that he could be completely wild. “I meant to ask, should I continue wearing business casual? Is this job going to be physical at all?”
“Good morning, Steve, Sarah,” Pepper said cheerfully, giving them both warm smiles to hopefully put them at ease. “How was your breakfast?”
Steve and Bucky find themselves in a dangerous situation, and Tony faces the truth.
“I am, lead the way,” Steve put the brush back into the box, setting it on a small table beside the doorway, figuring he didn’t need to take it with him. Taking the arm Tony had offered him, Steve mentally ordered himself not to sweat or trip or do anything equally embarrassing.
“Good luck, but you don’t need it,” Pepper smiled back at him, hoping to instill some confidence in him, but as he walked past her, it didn’t look like it worked. “Good luck, sir.”
Pausing as the people began to cheer and sing again, the corners of his mouth tugging up in a smile as he heard his name. This was a real start, this was good, he really was going to start taking his position more seriously. Hopefully whoever was chosen would be supportive of Tony spending his time between being both a King and an inventor.
“Then hide them somewhere, declare them dead,” Clint said in a loud whisper, though he was sure the guards outside wouldn’t hear him if he was shouting in their ears. He had to admit, his own hearing was slipping, he didn’t know how much longer he could work like this.
“Do we?”
“WHAT??” Steve and Tony yelled in unison, both turning their attention towards Clint as if they were ready to tear him apart.
“He’s well, he’s fine,” Tony said with a nod, looking at Fury’s eyepatch, wondering just how that happened. He doubted he’d get an answer out of the man though. “I wanted to speak with you myself. I don’t know how much you know of my plans to marry.”
He hummed as he worked, looping the hammock around the hook.
"We know this movie by heart, sweetie," Tony chuckled, pulling Peter into his lap so he could cuddle up to Steve, "We didn't miss anything."
He hoisted Peter into his lap, cuddling him close.
"He needs cuddles and things that make him happy. I hate seeing him all sad like that." He murmured.
When he came back to the room with the coffee and sandwiches, Steve shook his head fondly, seeing Tony asleep again. He set the things on the nightstand and climbed onto the bed with Tony.
"Chronic? Or torture, depending," Tony hummed, blowing smoke up into the air, "I should add, Rogers, despite a medical degree, you do flush easily at intimate conversation."
"That's right. Top secret stuff. Steve chuckled, following the boy. "I'm going to go get ready, then we can set stuff up for when everyone shows up."
"Be good for your aunt and uncles," He told them, smooching Peter's cheek, "And no shrimps for you, young man."
"As far as I know, that's his only problem. Being sticky." Steve hummed, starting to scrub Peter up carefully. "Are you okay other than that, Petey?"
Tony prostrated himself at Steve's feet, gently pushing the panties to the side to kiss at Steve's cock, easily taking the head into his mouth the suckle lightly. Steve made a soft whine in reply as Tony suckled, trying to not look in the mirror.
Peter only looked up and sighed, placing his book aside so he could climb into Steve's lap, snuggling into his chest.
That's when Tony's eye dropped. He swallowed nervously before speaking.
"Pete--?" Tony's eyes shot open at the sobs, sitting up, confused.
"I'm only yours, soulmate, no matter how much I tease you," he murmured, "Okay? There's no need to be upset, love. I was just playin' with you. I'm sorry."
"Otay," Peter mumbled, "Y'scawed me, though, ’cause I can hea'h you's guyses yellin' each other's names all night."
Christmas!
"Oh my god, save the singing for pipsqueak, I'll fall asleep," Tony laughed, careful to keep his voice down, "You're such a sap, Stark-Rogers."
He headed into the living room, scooping the boy up and onto his lap as the others started to congregate in the room as well.
"You could ask
Tony laughed and kissed Steve's hip before standing, pinching his butt lightly.
"So, sap, whatcha wanna do? Unpack a little?" He murmured, "We've got forever and a day together, so we can do whatever you want."
Clint wore a light smile.
"I wish you could have had a better soulmate, Steve. You deserve so much better than my issues," he whispered, tracing the words on Steve's pec.
Tony rolled his eyes and picked Peter up, setting him down in the water.
Steve sighed happily against Tony's skin, feeling the brunet's moan vibrate in his throat against his lips.
He laid back against Steve with Peter curled on his chest, already snoozing away.
"S'good," Peter hummed, licking sauce off his spoon.
"I don't care I'm starving," Tony groaned, grinning at Steve, "Babe, any place you pick, I
while you're gone." He grinned, snuggling into Steve's chest.
," he whined again, "You can make me feel
"Y'all are a bunch of pansies," Clint said around his cookie, almost choking when Bucky thumped him on the back.
"You can't be happy and unemotional. Happiness is an emotion." He laughed, running a thumb across Tony's cheek. "Well, at least I know you were thinking about it before and it wasn't an after sex, spur of the moment thing. How long have you had it? And how'd you get it past me?"
"Been a while, babe?" Tony breathed, smirking.
"Thanks Doc, I appreciate it," he said quietly, shaking the man's hand before pulling out his checkbook.
Steve barged in the workshop and went straight to Tony, kneeling down beside him and pressing light kisses on his neck. He said no words, just tried to comfort, running small circles on Tony's back.
Steve couldn't help but snort a laugh at what Tony was saying, an amused smirk directed towards him from the brunet as they walked. He didn't know what this place held yet, but he knew that with his loved ones with him-- with his Tony beside him through it all--, it all would be okay. He was finally home.
"You fill me up so good, Steve--"
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, sitting back so he could tug his shirt off, trying not to frown at the scars. He pulled on Steve's shirt, very close to tearing it off before tossing it aside, leaning down to take a nipple into his mouth.
He barely lasted a few minutes, having to bite his lip to keep from crying out as he came. Steve tilted his head back as he gasped, feeling Tony come undone around him. He let out a quietened moan when he finally came, hands digging gently into skin.
He stood and let the blond pull him over his lap, arousal stirring deep in his abdomen.
He smooched the blond's forehead, wrapping his arms around him.
Bruce watched as Steve disappeared down the corridor and sighed.
"Please, Mister Wilson, Riley, sit-- Rogers, go have Miss Carter make us some tea while we discuss matters," Stark asked, flicking his eyes over his new clients.
"M'sorry Papa," he whimpered, clutching at his shirt.
"We could say we are trying a new way of painting if he happens to ask." Steve hummed playfully, drawing shapes on Tony's back.
"I know we have to get married first. I'm just excited for it." Steve grinned back at him happily. "I never thought that I would get the chance to do all of this until I met you, so yeah. I'm very excited."
"Hey!" Peter complained, Tony's hands going over his ears.
"Eye-opening," Clint interjected, raising his eyebrows, "Very, very eye-opening."
He got up from the table to grab the boy a cup of regular juice--apple-- and set in by the boy.
As Tony started wrapping, Steve had Peter in the tub, letting the boy play with a couple of toys while he washed his hair.
, Tony. Any way you can find to make you feel at least a little better, alive, and well. Then everything can be better. Once you can have yourself feel better, everything will work out." Steve murmured, kissing at Tony's face tenderly then at the top of Peter's head.
"Well, that'll be a problem. As of right now, you're everything I want!" He said with his signature Stark smirk.
Peter nodded and stayed settled, not asking any further. He was already in trouble today. No need to get into more.
"I know buddy, we're wanting to spend time with you, trust me." Steve sighed, kissing the boy's temple. "Maybe when Daddy is done with his work and we can find a day, we can see if someone'll babysit Sammy. Then you, Daddy, and I can spend the day together, doing fun stuff. Does that sound good?"
," Tony sighed, scooping up the half-nude child, "We were going to eat first,
Tony dissolved into moans and groans, head thrown back as he pounded up into Steve.
good."
Steve kissed back with a smile, wrapping an arm around Tony's waist.
"Shut up," Tony muttered, patting Steve's hands away, "Talk later."
Tony smiled at the flickering candles and incense, carefully stepping around the small trail of rose petals.
"I'm too old for this," Tony complained, "Way too old."
Steve hummed, looking back at Tony again. "'m not gonna lie... He does. He loves it a lot."
"'Feel better'? Did Sammy get sick?" Peter asked worriedly, looking at his Daddy.
"There have been rumors floating around, that have floated to me." Howard stated. "Rumors about you and another male student. I simply asked you here to confirm or deny any claims that have been passed around.".
"Daddy?" He started curiously, innocently. "Why's you 'n Papa gonna go to a cabin?"
He started up the water and crouched down to help Peter out of his clothes, gently placing him in the warm water.
"After New Year’s we'll call around." Steve whispered to Tony sweetly, leaning in to kiss him happily then snuggling Peter gently. "We'll interview some potentials and work from there." He hummed.
"So... No blowjob?" Tony called, laughing at Steve's growl.
Peter nodded softly against Tony's chest, nuzzling in reply.
"Steve--" he moaned softly.
"Well, he's a baby. Babies are real little." She explained gently.
have some sort of psychological connection; at least, that’s what Tony explained, showing Steve the various algorithms that he thought went into the universe’s decisions. Tony had been showing him
“I didn’t know you were one to believe what other people said so easily. What do you think?” Steve asks.
Steve grits his teeth, thrusting into Tony’s hand despite the visible effort to not do so. When he spills, he holds Tony close and lets Tony rub against him, and he looks like Tony has stabbed him when Tony takes his hand and licks it clean and comes without being touched.
“Nothing pitiful about you, Steve,” Tony says with a dismissive wave of the hand. “Anyway, I’m sorry I made you uncomfortable,” he adds, like it’s nothing. Maybe it is, to him. Maybe it’s just a funny idea he thought of. Tony’s eyes dart over to see his reaction.
“So you’re the spy circle,” Steve says, mildly surprised by the name, considering his own shield. He doesn’t show it, keeps an inexpressive face.
“The war is over, Steve. Hydra won a long time ago, long before they took down your friends. Long before you went into hiding.” The memories of some of them sting a little. All of them remembered Steve so fondly, it’s unfair that Tony can’t shake that connection he feels. “Wake up. The war ended a long time ago, you’re the only one still fighting the one war inside you. I’m tired, Steve.” Tony splashes at the water gently, a depressing flop of his tail. “You even said you might be wrong, too.”
“No, no,” Tony says quickly as the fire dies down. “This is actually supposed to happen. It makes it more flavorful.” He holds out a whole gold piece to the vendor. “Thank you.”
“After this is all sorted, I’ll find you a dragon, Tony,” Steve says, even as the words weigh on his chest heavily, and he feels the energy Tony leaves long after Tony withdraws his hand.
“You don’t seem to be very curious about it. You ask about everything else.”
. He imagines Steve finally losing patience and dropping the good guy act, imagines being violently pushed against a wall, and then Tony can forget this desire to impress. Maybe then, he can lose the happiness that comes with making Steve smile.
“Stark,” Thanos says, eyes narrowed. “Thief. You should not be here.”
Yeah, Tony doesn’t trust people, it’s not like he’s trying to be subtle about it.
“Help us stop it,” Tony is saying. He’s in his mode of persuasion, earnest and bright and full of rapidfire reasoning. It’s something to behold, and Steve is almost surprised by the affection that surges inside him.
An opening like the one Steve gave him? An opening means vulnerability, means still having faith, or being blinded by love. Tony always considered openings weaknesses, always dove down to rip them apart.
Tony narrows his eyes, a familiar fight in his eyes. “I think you don’t like talking about yourself,” he says. “I think you haven’t answered a single question I’ve asked that’s about you. I think,
“Tony,” Steve says softly, raising a tentative hand. He lets it fall to the side, though, not wanting the touch to accidentally set Tony’s magic off. “You don’t need to do that.”
Dragon blood runs in his veins. He’s all the antimagic of a great dragon, amplified by magic that shouldn’t be, and he has none of a dragon’s weakness.
He’s never been better than this.
“It wasn’t SHIELD,” Steve says. Tony looks very doubtful. “Not this time, at least. I can assure you that.”
“That’s sad, Steve. Mourning someone while they’re still alive,” Tony says. “Knowing the inevitable. Having to accept it.”
Tony wears his lack of soulmark with pride. He shows the entire world a sliver of his brilliance (they couldn’t handle more), lets them see how brightly he shines despite having no markings on his wrists. He dares others to question his abilities, and laughs at the world when he proves it wrong, every single time. He mocks them for their belief that only people with marks are ever good enough to succeed.
Something in Steve falters for a moment, but the hope and friendliness in his expression do not seem artificial. “Mr. Stark. Can I call you Tony?”
you do anything,” Steve tells him. “I hoped you wouldn’t, but you did. You surrendered. You didn’t have to do any of this.”
Steve tries to remember why he chose to join the Knights. He wanted to save people, even though he knew even if he bled out, there wouldn’t have been a drop of mana in him. He wanted to prove something, anything.
“Yes, ser,” comes a polite voice.
Tony sighs. He looks at Steve, as earnest as he can ever remember himself pretending to be. “I’m not trying to die, Steve. I didn’t say that. I’m trying to not kill.” The sad smile is probably overkill, but it works on Steve every single time.
Steve tenses. His heartbeat quickens. He doesn’t withdraw his hand. “Tony,” he says hoarsely. “We can’t.”
Then Tony smiles, an aggressive smile, fake. “I didn’t think your little witch could get anything helpful done,” he says, voice mocking and ugly. Steve hates it.
, even as the other half dies inside when Steve says, later, “Take away that suit of armor, what are you?”
Tony shakes his head. “I need to say it, anyway. It was removed because my dad was afraid I would use it and ruin your legacy. I don’t think I would have,” he adds with a sudden fierceness, a sudden vulnerability, eyes bright. “I wouldn’t ever use this connection against you. Or anything against you.”
Tony falters. He has heard Steve scream, heard him curse, always out of anger and pain and determination. He’s never heard him
They have done this before. They will do this again.
“You could’ve
“I’ll frame it in gold,” Tony says. “Or even vibranium, that’s a thought.” He grins. “Wanna lend me your shield?”
“Nah, why you apologizing? It’s cool,” Pietro says, shrugging with one shoulder. “I’ve died once, it’s not so bad.” He smiles at Steve and winks.
“It’ll take some time. Everything I did, I’ll fix,” Tony begins, and is incredibly aware that this is what he’s been trying to do for a long time. “But it’ll never be enough,” he adds, quiet. Never.
“What. Were you really here to fight me?” Disappointment drips from his voice. “That explains the shield.”
“Tony. Of course you won’t,” he says simply, tightening his grip on Tony. Steve’s heart hurts as he thinks of everything Tony’s been through. God. “Stop being so damn selfless for once. You don’t owe the world a thing. You don’t owe me anything, it’s not about debt. I trust you. I—I value you, you are very important to me. I really do love you. So you can drop the masks and stop trying to make me hate you. We don’t have to do that. You don’t need to prove a point.” He presses his lips on Tony’s wrist softly.
Steve looks at Tony, who’s the complete picture of relaxation. Posturing or not, Steve wants his company. Steve wouldn’t have to be lonely to want to be with Tony, Tony just makes Steve more aware of his own solitude because Tony is just so… much.
Natasha’s lips curve up, and Tony thinks they’re painted as red as the Aether. “I wouldn’t say long.”
The rest of them do. Half of the universe is dead, like it never existed.
Giselle flaps her wings in agreement.
Tony twitches. “Alright, fine. Well, I’m headed to Asgard to find out what they know there. You can stay put somewhere. Don’t get lost, Dorothy.”
“I’m not your Knight, you can’t order me,” Tony says. “Steve, you can’t order me to let you do this alone.”
Time seems to be something Steve can’t argue with. He looks stricken, and there is a flare of anger, maybe out of the fact that Tony hadn’t shared all his ideas with mind controlled Steve. Or maybe he’s angry at himself for trusting Tony so much.
Well, as far as he can tell from the contract that’s burned into his soul, Fury truly believes summoning Steve is the best option they have for the entire world. Steve can accept that. The few times he’s been in the wrong hands and not wanted to accept the contracts’ terms… they have not been easy. Thankfully, he’s always able to maneuver between loopholes. Not all summons have had that option.
“I’m not a relic of the past, if that’s what you think,” Steve says quietly. “I understand. I feel like it.”
“You order the universe to pay you back? What I did, it was salvation. It was mercy.”
He can’t remember how exactly they got Tony to wake up. It might involve Clint and an arrow. He supposes it doesn’t matter.
Steve wonders if it’s because one of them wished for honesty.
“Magic always was dangerous,” Steve says.
Really, Tony just wants Steve to hit him.
The tension in the room is palpable. He can practically hear them wondering if they should’ve set up more counter wards for the Captain, in case the summon backfires and the contract isn’t as unbreakable and reliable as they think it is.
Tony doesn’t like the idea of Steve liking him on first impressions. He’d rather Steve be here as a recon mission, sent by SHIELD. He can definitely imagine Fury sending him. Good soldiers follow orders.
Steve’s already gathered that Tony and SHIELD have history. They’ll just have to put aside whatever it is for the sake of their mission, of the future. “Let’s talk about the recent occurrences,” he says, stepping in.
That’s alarming. If it’s true that no spells are cast but wrathful monsters are appearing, something is happening. “Where is the origin? Are the other realms affected?”
“The Aether bends reality. It is nigh unstoppable when imbued in runes. It is said to make them capable of breaking the laws of magic,” Loki says.
(Would it have mattered if Steve would’ve shattered it now anyway?)
Tony always says something flippant as the world crumbles around them. He’s used to dancing on the brink of death. Thor asks if he is courting destruction and teasing Death, and Tony just laughs.
“Yeah. Just—give me a sec,” Tony breathes, feeling sick with the aftertaste of gunpowder in his mouth. Even though he wasn’t the one to pull the trigger, he’s the one who’d made all the fucking guns, and now his memory is recollecting the bullets one by one.
“I’m usually summoned a lot more often.” There’s a question in his voice. Does Tony know why Steve hasn’t been summoned more? SHIELD wasn’t very clear on their history with Tony Stark, just that he’s an uncooperative asset, and that they’re hoping the Captain can make Tony more cooperative.
“I don’t have a single reason to trust you,” Steve hisses.
The shield melts away, revealing a single orange stone.
orders,” he amends, then laughs faintly. This isn’t the time for comfort. “You were really good at following my orders, Cap.”
Tony lets his suit slide off him, metal peeling off to reveal his sleek black underarmor. He sends the armor to protect the Purple Man. He smiles, putting his hand on Steve’s chest, murmurs, “I want you. What do you want?” and pinpoints the exact moment when the words crush Steve, because Steve inhales painfully as if he’s got a punctured lung.
“What sort of anomalies?
“You have got to be joking,” Tony says, jaw dropping. “Tell me this is some new brand of joking. They haven’t appeared in a thousand years. They aren’t supposed to exist.”
Steve had been warned, but he still expected something better from Tony Stark. Howard had been very different from this. Howard didn’t think the contract was much of a problem. “As long as I’m needed,” Steve says, “I see no reason to.”
“Well,” he says. “This is worse than I thought.”
Steve laughs at that. Not as loud as Tony imagined, not as cheerful. It’s just the laugh any person might have, except he actually sounds happy without Tony throwing money at him, would you look at that. He deserves a raise. Is SHIELD paying him? Does SHIELD own him?
(Tony could’ve died, could’ve stayed evil. Steve couldn’t risk that, not when there was still more he could’ve done.)
“Good advice, I’ll take it into consideration,” Tony says. “I’ve got a shining armor and
Tony’s eyes widen. He laughs painfully. “
“You’re only in it for the money, then,” Steve says flatly. He’s known people like Tony.
“I bring her enchanted fruits, she helps me out when I need a favor or two. I’m firmly against mystical being trading,” Tony says, bristling, like he’s been asked this question before, and Steve suddenly remembers that even though Tony doesn’t say much about himself, other people say a lot about Tony Stark.
In the edge of his vision, he can still see his own reflection, still hear his laughter mixing with Steve’s moans.
Maybe it’s because he’s still sentimental, after all, and can’t bear to do something like that to the one he, despite all reason and logic, loves. Not that he has anybody to confide that in, and Steve will never know.
No. That won’t do. He doesn’t deserve the cross—the wood is better used towards building his next project, something that will help find the gauntlet. He needs to wake up and then figure out his next plan.
The magic tries to devour him, hissing and growling. He grabs at it with his bare hand, and the Aether jerks away with a haunting scream.
“It’s good that you’re here to stop me, right?” Tony asks. “You know, I appreciate it. You, pretending it didn’t happen when it did.”
That’s about all Tony says. “What does that mean?” Steve asks. He has always specialized in counter-magic, but magic has changed over the years. It’s gotten a lot more volatile, he thinks. Dangerous. Iron Man hasn’t done anything dangerous in particular to serve as a real threat, not in the grand scheme of things, but…
“I don’t need to sleep,” Steve says, and he’s already told Tony this. He doesn’t know why Tony is insisting on hearing it again, or why his voice comes out hoarse.
“JARVIS is loyal. He’s helping you out because you’d have far more injuries if he didn’t.”
“It’s supposed to be fine. The arc reactor is supposed to—“ Tony takes a shuddery breath. “Fix it. It’s supposed to fix it.”
“It’s not good to chase ghosts, Steve,” Tony tells him, kissing Steve. He tastes like loneliness and desperation and, on the bad days, he tastes like hope. When he takes him, Tony can (almost) forget about those dreams, because they never happened, not really.
Steve wonders if Tony’s suit provides enough warmth.
“What happened in Sokovia?” Steve asks.
“Tony Stark,” the vendor says, recognizing Tony. It occurs to Steve that Tony could wear a different mask and armor, could take off everything that makes him Iron Man. Maybe he thinks everything that he should be
It’ll be better. He should learn now. He learns fast.
Pepper’s lips are curved down and her brows are furrowed, and Tony feels sick because she’s been proud of everything else, why not of Iron Man?
“I don’t think that!” Tony blinks at Steve. There’s a pause. “Okay, well, I used to? Just a little. I didn’t think the shield or any of the Knight summons was necessary. I just mean… you’re always pulled into the future. Every single time. It’s your time too. It
“Mr. Rogers,” Stepping out of the door was a tall woman in her fifties, her hair and clothing impeccable and screaming business. In her hands was a Stark tablet, her hand dancing over the surface for a moment before closing it, offering Steve her hand and a smile. “My name is Rebecca Carr, head of human resources here at Stark Industries.”
“It’s fine, it can be cleaned, just sit down,” Tony insisted, gesturing to the servant again to bring some more whiskey for the men. “Sit, please, don’t hesitate in the least. I can see what you’re wearing, and I’m still telling you to go ahead, right?”
“Bucky, baby, you have to listen to me,” Tony said as he leaned over the couch, looking down at him for a moment before kissing his forehead softly. “Steve and I are right here, we’re not going to let go of you, and we’re not going to let go of our babies and…just come back to me, okay? Open your eyes and tell me that I’m fussing on you too much, Bucky, please…”
“I hope so, I hop-ohhh!” Steve gasped loudly as Tony pushed the head of his cock inside him, his nails digging into Bucky’s flesh as he felt him inching inside him. He was completely trapped between his two husbands, Tony pressed up flush against him behind with his body tight against Bucky. “Oh gods above, I can’t even think…”
“We can do that…” Tony said, his voice relaxing a bit as he looked at the two men standing before him. They were both certainly handsome and strong looking, he wasn’t going to have an ugly spouse, that was for sure. He noticed the one seemed to be missing an arm, though he was more curious as to how that happened than bothered by it.
