“What is “this,” exactly?” Sherlock asked. He voice sounded constructed.
"she deserved better than these clandestine meetings"
"a flash of lightning illuminated the house"
and turned his body to a sit position. He ducked his head between his knees as it throbbed mercilessly. The soft flannel of his pants felt good against his ears.
“Thanks, Holmes. I appreciate it.” John was about to veer to the left when he felt a hand around his wrist. He glanced up, grinning like an idiot.
John’s face lit up. “Do you know what a compliment that is? To have evaded the great mind of Sherlock Holmes for one evening?”
He stepped out, feeling Callum’s eyes on his back, and trotted down the stairs. John passed through the glass doors and out into the night, taking a few deep breaths. The shocking cold stifled the heat in his lungs.
Watson winked and dropped to his knees on the sidewalk. For a moment, Sherlock was certain he had forgotten what breathing was. Breathing is boring. His heart flinched deeply in his ribcage. Sherlock watched as he stretched out parallel to the ground and began a series of pushups.
xx hamishh
“Thanks for deciding to return my call.” She was angry. A tiny voice in the back of Jane’s mind reminded her that Sam’s death had nothing at all to do with B. She told the voice to fuck off.
!” Molly exclaimed. She hopped up, opening her Macbook, and pulled up a playlist.
“Hmmm?”
The man in the kitchen was quiet and John defiantly cocked an eyebrow. “I’m fucking waiting.”
The song ended, and Molly was wrapped tightly in Callum’s arms. John was certain there was no better place for her to be.
. That’s how bad it is.” John laughed, big and loud. He studied her face, and found clues that pointed him in the right direction: the crow’s feet hiding behind red and swollen eyes, the rawness of her buttoned nose, and the tiredness that took her body in a moment of honesty, when she thought no one else could see.
"I killed her, Sherlock. I fucking killed her," he blurted into Sherlock's chest, hands now clinging desperately to the thin layer of cotton. "She's gone because of me," he whispered. Sherlock ran a hand through John's hair and kissed his forehead, making note of the ache thudding away mercilessly in his own chest.
John nodded slowly. “It’s one of my favorites. Beautiful, that book. Molly and Callum gifted it to me for Christmas a few years ago. I’ve read it nearly four times since.”
, kiss he could onto Sherlock’s lips. John ran his tongue across the plush bottom lip; John smirked at the salty taste of popcorn. He kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, his cheek, trailing a sodium ridden line of affection to his ear.
3. vehement; fierce:
“You haven’t written anything smaller? Goodness, I retract my previous statement about your humility.”
“Mols, you know I just got out of that relationship with Ian. I don’t want a damn thing to do with dating anytime soon.”
“Dull. And neutral. In colors, I mean. When do you leave?”
Sherlock fell to one knee and encompassed one of John’s hands in both of his. John’s eyes grew huge on his face, a perfectly typical expression of absolute shock claiming his features. Sherlock smirked.
it seems I can also take you away
-first text set is an exchange between Molly and Jane, if you couldn't tell.
Sherlock unfolded himself from the couch and leaned forward, left hand extended. “I didn’t say no, so yes, obviously it’s yes.” John allowed his own tears to escape as he slid the slender, silver band on Sherlock’s finger. It fit famously, and the sight of it made John’s heart explode into starlight in his chest. Sherlock held it out to examine it and wiped away the tears with his other hand. He leaned forward, touching his forehead to John’s.
And obviously, gratitude was also absent on the trait list. Right.
He laughed and pulled off his coat. As he settled into his seat, she sprinted to the back to grab their sandwiches.
“That’s one hell of a name. And four cups, likely another four to six this evening.”
“So gorgeous.” Molly whispered. The breeze gusted through the room, teasing her flyaways.
I'm latching onto you...
Welcome to the next chapter. This one is a bit longer than the others... sorry [not sorry] for getting a bit carried away.
Sherlock woke to the sound of a text alert, coming from somewhere in the hall. He scrubbed a hand over his face in an attempt to shake off his disorientation. It was very early morning, still dark out, and he could hear John breathing. He relaxed momentarily, carefully turning over onto his side. He could barely make out John’s silhouette even against the moonlit window. Sherlock didn’t have to see John to know the man was probably stunning as ever, even when he slept. He slowly rolled out of bed and padded to the bathroom.
"Did you get these after he passed?"
The game is on!
“No, not particularly. Just a reaction, I suppose. Feels nice. It gets so stuffy in there.” Sherlock was surprised at the ease of the conversation. This was only his third “chat” with Doctor Watson, though he had seen him nearly every day since the first time they met. Most days, he tended to Sherlock’s wounds, checked his vitals, made sure he was comfortable. Most days, they did not speak.
“The admissions office is in that building, room 307,” Sherlock pointed with his cigarette.
B felt his eyebrows jump in surprise. “Well. That’s a first. I was told by What’s Her Face that my heart beat too slowly. Or maybe that I didn’t have one.”
She felt her eyebrows pull together on instinct and forced them to relax.
“Hm?”
“Thought you might need an audience.” He finally spoke aloud to the dark haired gentleman.
John wrapped a napkin around his fresh drink and turned to observe the dance floor. Violet, precious with her seven month belly, was dancing with her back against Egan’s chest. John watched as his teammate kissed her shoulder and nestled his chin into her neck. Jasper was chatting Jess up. He had played at the Duke and Duchess during their week break, and apparently had taken quite a liking to her. Violet was pleased; if anyone had to date her sister, she would prefer Jasper. It was Rhys she had to keep an eye on. B was dancing with two younger children: one perched on his hip, the other with their hand clasped in his.
“He reminds me a great deal of you. You have better eyes. Did you know you’re the same height?”
Sherlock’s voice rose, quick and near bellowing: “You are risking your life for Queen and Country. If you are recruited, you will surely serve a tour in Afghanistan. Of course, your squadron will benefit greatly from your presence there, but you will rot. Of all the things you could choose to do, I cannot understand how this is what you think you want. You are worthy of so much more. They will not appreciate you, they will not take care of you, and if you die, all we will get is an indifferent letter, possibly your dog tags, and maybe a limb or two. I’m sorry it upsets you, but I cannot support that.”
Playlist:
“I can always rely on the captain to point out the painfully obvious.” Holmes shot daggers into Watson’s back as he followed him into the white walled facility. It seemed as though it might be a lovely building, but he was desperately trying not to focus on the excess saliva gathering around his tongue. The glands at the back of his throat began to tingle, his warning sign.
She grabbed him again, kissing his shoulder. "Don't apologize." She released him and laced her arm through his. "Hungry?" Jane asked with a grin.
Sherlock looked up at her, eyes calm and serene. He smiled; a gentle, tender thing that shook Irene to her bones. How human. She reached out to touch his cheek, brushing the backs of her knuckles against his skin. He leaned slightly into the touch, eyes closing. “There you are,” she whispered. “It has been too long.”
am I enough?
John chuckled and raised his eyebrows high on his forehead, feigning impatience. “Answer the damn question, Holmes.”
John pulled his shirt up and over his head, then he started.
“Cap, you wanna beverage? I can grab you an Imperial from the fridge.” B waved the bottle tauntingly in the air, eyebrow cocked and a devious grin owning his mouth. John smiled and nodded.
John had grown so terribly fond of Sherlock’s way with stringed instruments. It was calming for him, to hear his best friend, a well-known asshole, concocting beautiful, intricate, moving music. John paused as he searched through his bag, quickly realizing he did, in fact, believe this brunette to be his best friend. They'd only known each other barely a month; sure, it wasn't normal to deem someone a "bestie" when you hardly know a damn thing about them... especially when you're in your late twenties. But something was unspoken between the two of them. The chemist was mellow, bearable, occasionally considerate around John. The more time he witnessed Sherlock with other people, the sooner John realized his treatment was far more generous than what others received.  Sherlock never rehearsed in front of anyone apart from John. Watson felt like he held a grand secret about the great Sherlock Holmes: he knew of the little soul he possessed. A Spock in a world full of James T. Kirks, slowly revealing the sweetest bits of his humanity. And they were precious, indeed.
What had happened there? Sherlock was supposed to be the one to make people dance. Which was why Jim Moriarty practically wanted to eat him alive, why Lestrade had called him in for years, why Mycroft was constantly asking him to perform the legwork he refused to do. Sherlock got shit done, and he was a man of confidence, undeniable intellect, and although he was not a people person, he
John raised a challenging eyebrow, but Sherlock caught the
to unravel Captain John Watson.
“Bye, baby. I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah? Have a wonderful afternoon.”
Sherlock dipped the teabag in and out of the hot water, encouraging his drink to steep faster. He had hardly slept, his usual four hours barely sufficing today. He felt tired and worn; not at all what he had wanted.
” know, “
Molly stood in front of a floor length mirror, fiddling with her ever present flyaways. Without recognizing he had already started, a sob escaped his chest and he felt the warm tears break free from his lids. Molly turned to look at him and grinned. Molly had a gorgeous smile, always, but today it was radiant, and she was an ethereal creature, glowing right out of her skin. Her dress was simple: a floor length empire waist in white silk. The straps were thin and accentuated her shoulders and her now fantastic posture. Molly’s hair was falling in curls down her back, only the sides woven up into intricate braids. She reminded John of an Elfish princess. It was perfect. She was perfect. He glanced at Jane, who already had tears streaming steadily down her face.
Molly joined her on the sofa, a beautiful heather grey scarf in the works between her knitting needles. She squished her feet up next to Jane’s wool socks, squeezing her toes under Jane’s arches, and wiggled them. “Love you more.”
“Did you detect my nakedness or was that just a coincidence?”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “I ordered two Imperial Stouts. That is one of your preferences, is it not?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Callum!” Molly tapped her fingers on the countertop impatiently.
John considered as he peeled off his socks. He licked his lips as he reached for a new towel. “Alright. Yeah.” Callum pumped a fist into the air, and as John headed towards the showers in nothing but his pants, Everett popped a sweat drenched towel across John’s left ass cheek. With a hiss and a middle finger, John turned the corner. “You ungrateful prick!”
When he fell back into consciousness, he was on his knees, hot metal pushing into his back. He screamed out, and a weight came hard and fast at the back of his neck: the side of his face, protected only by a layer of black fabric, crashed to the ground. The pressure on his neck grew stronger, and he realized he was under someone’s boot.
Sherlock watched John’s face carefully, looking for a clue. He wasn’t sure what he meant by the question. How are the wounds physically? How are you emotionally? Should I worry? Do you need medication? When is the last time we wrapped them? Do you think it wise to have a coat on over them? Am I doing my job well enough for you?
“Love you, mate.”
- Company of Thieves
“I… I’m sorry, John. I truly apologize.” He was completely bewildered.
“This is our life.” John stated matter of factly. “There is nothing safe about it. I’m a retired solider, you’re a genius who solves murder cases. Tell me why it’s fair for us to expect an ordinary, peaceful life.”
The amount of fidgeting one man could do amazed John. You would think he was being electrocuted.
The brunette’s eyes grew wide, his mouth popping open in fear. John cackled aloud before responding. “Yes, alright, alright. Leave me alone to it, fine.” He kissed the man on the forehead before disappearing into the bedroom.
“Surely not, John. It’s only me here with you. Have you even heard from Harriet?”
The Duke and Duchess is a real gastropub located in the heart of London, not five miles from St. Bart's.
“Everett, you scared the piss out of me. You ought to know better by now.” John’s eyes were a little clearer today, his spirit finding its way back. Callum always feared foggy eyes. It had been nearly two years since he had last seen them, and had no intention of allowing their return.
“Goddamn, Holmes. You are a dangerous thing. You’re going to get me into a world of trouble.”
“Really, Sherlock, all you have to do is say no, I totally—“
Sherlock took another drag of his cigarette and turned to John, raising an eyebrow. “I wrote it.”
“Only you can decide that, Jane. You told me you were dubbed the serial monogamist. B is a good man, but he’s also a smart man. Maybe you should chat with him about it?”
John stood glued to the spot, digging his toes into the hardwood floors as if they would help keep him rooted. He listened as he heard caps click and water fall in various amounts, finding himself curious as to what portion of Sherlock’s body was being catered to. Nervously, he stepped up to the door and grabbed the knob. He stood there for what felt like ages, debating. Finally, he talked himself into it and opened the door.
“The dancing was incredible. He’s so fucking talented, Jane. I can’t get past it. I cried for two hours straight.”
Jane laughed. “Callum said you’d flip. It’s nothing. I’m not going to date that guy. He’s a punkass. Hot as
“You don’t have to explain why you ask the things you ask. You can ask whatever you like. If you want a serious response, I’ll offer one. I live alone because I prefer it that way. As primary school as it sounds, rugby is the love of my life – when I’m off season I’m training, and during our season we’re training and practicing and traveling to matches. And… there aren’t many women like Molly, or Violet, my buddy Egan’s wife, who are comfortable with that lifestyle. Most women want to date me because I show up in the newspapers and telly sometimes, I have a bit of money, and I’m fun.”
“Am I?” Jane asked, looking directly at John. She seemed confused and certainly convinced that she was not the first person who had considered John in a serious relationship as a perfectly viable option. John only shrugged, completely unsure of where this conversation was headed.
“When’s the last time you spoke to John?”
Sherlock unfolded himself from the couch and led John by the hand to his room. The door shut and they were shimmying under the covers together. Watson felt warm all over, like sitting by a fire after a cold walk from the tube. He felt Sherlock fold himself around him. His hand fell cautiously across John’s hip. The doctor smiled, knowing Sherlock had remembered the six inch slice he had earned rested on that side of his ribs. He never forgot anything.
“Oh, Sherlock. God,” John whispered. His voice was crackly and soft like it sounded in the morning. Sherlock ran his tongue up John’s length. He gasped.
“This is your home?” John asked, breathless.
John chuckled in response, and leaned around to give Jane a thumbs up behind Callum’s back. She smiled, and turned her attention toward the cabin doors. Callum only saw a glimpse of white through the now-standing bodies. His heart lurched in his chest as Molly and her father broke free of the people impairing his vision. The violin matched the stammer of his heart and reminded him to breathe. How had Sherlock anticipated his feelings at this very moment?
He shook his head in disbelief. How the fuck had he gotten to St. Bart’s?
John opened his eyes, and then his heart was in his ears, rattling against the ribs in his chest. “Let me OUT” is what it would say, if it could speak. Sherlock was up on one elbow, hovering over John, his eyes moving over every square inch of him. John was being memorized, recorded, saved into the hard drive of this brilliant, beautiful, mad man. John barely shook his head in awe before deciding. Fuck it.
That's what people do, isn't it?
“And that’s for everything?”
John’s eyes were open, but glossy and unresponsive. His breath left his nose in small puffs and his lips were cool in color. He didn’t even twitch when Sherlock softly called his name. He could smell the alcohol on John’s skin. Sherlock stood and plucked the glass from John’s hands. That earned him a tiny stir, a minute shift of his eyes, but nothing more. He returned to the kitchen where he found an array of empty bottles scattered about the counter, and one broken in large shards on the floor. He pulled a clean glass from the cabinet and filled it with water at room temperature before returning it to John’s hand. Sherlock snagged the large, knitted blanket from the sofa and draped it over John’s lap before he headed to the bedroom. He turned his attention to the chest of drawers, shuffling through the socks and underwear to find him clean garments, then a pair of flannel pajamas and a long sleeved, crew neck shirt. He tucked the items under his arm and made for the bathroom at the end of the hall. As he ran the water and pulled back the shower curtain, he thought of John sitting in his lap on the loo, running his fingers through Sherlock’s tangled hair. A towel was located under the sink, and Sherlock left everything on the porcelain lid of the toilet. The door was shut in hopes of warming the tiny space up.
John tugged another tie out of his drawer and laced it under the collar of his pale blue button-up. He sighed in frustration. Katherine had called him twenty minutes earlier. Conveniently enough, she had fallen ill in the last two hours. John wasn’t surprised; he never kept a woman too long. His career path wasn’t a traditional one. Women liked a man who is, or wanted soon to be, settled, well off, and easily accessible; John really only qualified in category two. Sometimes the lifestyle is enough to keep a girl for a few months, especially if he was off season, but overall he had become accustomed to short and sweet pairings. He preferred a life of travel, rowdy nights and his friends. So much more of the world had been seen that way. There were few things better than traveling through the night by bus, teammates passed out in various awkward positions, good music leaking through headphones as the lights of different cities whirred past in neon lines. Or the first time he stepped onto a new field, feeling his boots dig into the well-kept grass, the rush of adrenaline that swept through every muscle of his body. John was yet to meet someone that had even remotely convinced him a settled life in London would be better.
Enjoy. Other goodies below.
“I agree, Troy. Wholeheartedly.” Sherlock watched as John shook both their hands.
“Molly told me you compose all the music. Is that true?” Sherlock nodded, now too far invested in the silence to shift out of it now.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s mouth went crooked in a smirk. “I would have gone without the reading.”
“No.”
It was John’s turn to blush, and Sherlock documented the pink as it kissed his neck and the outer edges of his cheeks.
“Let’s fucking
“Who would have ever thought?”
"Yeah. I did the right arm first. Didn't really plan it out or try to make it cohesive. Just happened. I wanted these to interlace more, I guess. I dunno." Sherlock peered into John's face with knit brows. After a few moments of a tense stare, Sherlock turned his eyes back to the ink.
The lights dimmed and the curtain moved back to reveal a stage colored in burgundy light. John peered into his binoculars and found the orchestra. He was curious what Mr. Holmes looked like. After a few moments, a black haired woman, thin and curved, raven hair pinned up and red paint on her lips, took the stand at the front of the orchestra. She wore a suit, but it was a sinful fit: double breasted buttons down to her slender waist, silver embroidery down the front, and two elegant coattails falling behind. She was stunning in a very traditional way.
Irene chuckled aloud at that, nodding her head in quiet agreement. “Indeed,” she whispered over the table, red-laquered nails tapping. “Have you already ordered something to drink?”
He woke to a firm and callused hand around his upper arm. “Just me, Sherlock, you can continue resting.” Sherlock groaned and stretched, careful to keep the arm in Watson’s hand still.
“I do, too.” John offered, trying to make this conversation easier. Callum chuckled at that. “I’m sorry. It’s a bit difficult for me, this stuff. I know this isn’t what you were expecting, as your friend or your captain. I hope I haven’t disappointed you or let you down. But he’s… I like him. Holy hell, I like him. I was the last person to suspect any of this, and I've a lot of shit to sort. And a lot of explaining to do to plenty of people. But this is what I want. He’s what I want. Does that… I know it doesn’t make sense…” John scratched the back of his neck, finding himself talking in circles. “He makes me want to stay. To settle and adventure at the same time. To curl up in bed and try sky diving. There’s this weird dichotomy between us. He’s quiet, I’m loud. He’s polite, I’m crude. He’s sophisticated, I’m… well, I’m not. He grounds me and I’d like to think I am capable of lifting him up. I feel right, Callum. I just feel right.”
And Sherlock gave the briefest of nods. John’s breathing went shallow, and he made a vain attempt to bring himself back down as he casually crossed the room in Sherlock’s direction. He ran a hand through his hair, and kept his eyes on Sherlock. Soon he found himself between the two boys, listening in on the chatter.
“It’s been a hell of a month, boys, and a rough two weeks since our last match.” The men continued to watch him, making no remarks or snide looks. John knew he had the best team in the league, no matter who the other teams traded around, what other countries competed, or how young some of his players were. They were solid men; strong, confident and kind, and he knew they loved one another as if they were blood. He knew there had been a time and place in his life he never would have made it through if not for these twenty-two men; a constant comfort in his life; a soft place to land whenever he fell unexpectedly, supplying the love and support he never received elsewhere. Tears pricked his eyes, and he pressed on.
This chapter is, well... *blushes* QUITE explicit.
“Know that you and Callum are my family. My brother and sister; the blood I believe to carry in my veins." A solitary tear ran down John's right cheek. "I would do anything and everything for the pair of you, and know you would do the same, because you already have. I love you both, so very much, and there isn’t another couple on the face of this planet that could outshine you.” John looked out across the room and watched their guests sniffling and wiping their eyes with their napkins. Callum’s mother blew him a discreet kiss. “Please raise your glass in honor of the two best individuals we have ever encountered. To Molly and Callum, and to the eternity that awaits you. I love you.”
"Vivian's good. Very good."
John pulled the image up on his phone again, grinning. He felt Sherlock peering over his shoulder. His cheekbone rested against his hair.
” have to remember, “
from the shelf. It had not yet been read; the spine was far too stiff. It had been a favorite of Sherlock’s. He made a mental note to encourage John to read it. John would surely be attracted to Lisbeth the same ways he had been.
“Yes.” He did not apologize for taking his time or for his comments. Why would he? John Watson would not let words escape his lips if he had not intended them to. He pulled a fresh cotton swab out and soaked it, dragging it lightly across the stitched up skin. The breathing, as the doctor called it, seemed to have helped. The thread almost laid flush against the rest of his arm. Sherlock thought briefly of John Watson unraveling him, literally and figuratively. He felt vulnerable; it was a most foreign concept.
You're wonderful! Now go, read, be merry!
"These are obviously the lunar phases. My astrological sign is Cancer, and my ruling planet is the moon." John paused for a moment, and Sherlock watched as his mouth curled into a shrewd smile. "My sister was huge into astrology. She always said I was so true to my sign. She and I each got something related to our ruling planet when she turned eighteen." John barely skipped a beat before he moved onto the next one: "I know you recognize this," he taunted. "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few -"
John attached the picture to the text, and pressed send. Within a minute, his mobile chimed.
“Yeah, the girls were telling us ‘bout you. Said you’re a menace, fantastic, and apparently very hot on Shezza.”
“Aaina.” Her voice was nearly gone.
environment, familiar with where everything was, watching him slice the basil and make his measurements without a single proper unit of measurement. Ambient jazz was playing from the den and John felt completely at ease.
He uncrossed and crossed his legs again in an attempt to recover the lack of blood flow in his left; he had begun to feel the pinpricks in his foot. He sighed aloud into the empty room.
"How is it that your job title is grocer, when in fact, you do nothing? Instead, you force us to endure the humiliation of an automated voice if it doesn't want to properly eat our card, and demand we sort through produce selections and typing in deli codes. Isn't that
Sherlock’s mouth enveloped his: kind, gentle, curious, loaded with tenderness. They kissed in earnest: quiet, desperate, earnest. John felt himself being pushed back into the soft sheets, into the mattress, and then Sherlock’s tongue was running along his bottom lip, seeking permission. His arms were around Sherlock’s neck, hands tangled in those wild curls, breathless and spinning and floating; Sherlock’s large hands were grasping at the thin skin around John’s ribs, hungry and insatiable. John’s neck was covered in perfect, tiny kisses, and Sherlock settled there, his face in John’s neck. His hot breath echoed in his ears.
three-quarters and fullback are positions of players, two of the seven "backs" positions on the team.
“Established. Successful. Not in any more debt than I already am.”
Molly leaned in and kissed Callum on the cheek. “Please be safe, my love.” She nuzzled her cold, red nose into his neck and wrapped her arms around his neck. He gave her a tight squeeze, lifting her slippered feet off the ground, and kissed her fully on the mouth. Callum gave her a wink, stroked the side of her face with his fingers, and headed toward the bus. “Love you, Mols. See you soon.”
John chuckled a bit at that, pulling on taller socks. His cheeks were flushed, sweat lining his brow and dampening his hair.
Sherlock’s eyes glittered a bit. “Oh, did Jane bring some over?”
John stared through him. Dark marks haunted the undersides of his eyes, and they were completely unresponsive. Sherlock reached out to trace the line of John’s jaw tenderly. John blinked once, twice, and his eyes shifted from dull back to their usual attentiveness. Sherlock’s eyebrows pitched up in confusion.
He knew something had unfolded inside him that could not be cleanly put away again. There had been a time in his life when he would have walked away from someone with so much baggage, and without a second thought. He had a life of his own: a company to direct; music to compose; dancers to train; a foundation to build. Sherlock had never imagined he would be sitting on the sill of some man's window eagerly awaiting the next time he would be washed with John's voice or gifted the sound of his laughter.
“Yes, that’s my B. Did you guys see a film last night?”
He opened it at one page.
“I also know you
Sherlock winked, and waved a hand in the air.
She felt the tears blossom before she could have any say so. She stood there awkwardly, unsure of her voice and knowing if she spoke, she would only cry more. Dr. Phillips pulled her into his chest and held her as she shook. He patted her hair and squeezed her tight to him. “It’s going to be okay, Jane. I know.” Her arms were folded up between their chests.
“And are we together?”
“No, you’re fine. John Watson is perfectly fine.”
“I would be offended if you
The metal traveled across his chest, then to his back. Captain Watson’s hands told Sherlock a great deal about the character of the man: they were strong hands, tanned and freckled, his blonde hair shining like gold from the unforgiving light of the desert sun. They were callused across the insides of his fingers, and where his digits connected to the palms. A sure sign of manual labor and legwork, possibly hints at a past involving instruments, but mostly they spoke to Watson doing what he must to earn his keep. Though he was a soldier, he was delicate and gentle in his movements: conscientious, attentive, and kind. Could be worse. Sherlock has had doctors in the past who were ready to kill him themselves and take the death number on their record, believing they would be doing the world a massive favor. Watson knew nothing of the path of destruction that was Sherlock Holmes. At least… not just yet.
It had consumed him, the darkness. It made him mad: he was anxious and exhausted and fuck, so strung out. And then the indifference leaked in. It didn’t matter if he ate, if he showed up for work, if he got his suit pressed before going in, if he had a license to carry that weapon or not, if it was unwise to hunt the criminal down himself. He became reckless. Ruthless, and terribly reckless. He had been coming down from a particularly nasty high, something had gone awry there, and all Sherlock remembered was bleeding out in that repulsive, Iraqi hotel tub, suit and all. He had ruined that plum satin shirt. Damn. He hadn’t even thought of that until just now. It had been his favorite.
“Okay, sweethearts, three minutes until the bell. Make sure you submit your work into the third period box before you leave. Don’t leave a mess on my table or you
An unexpected sound left his throat at the realization.
John had suddenly gone from being by his side to standing, frozen, in the middle of the ring of people. There were easily a hundred watching in, waiting for him to move. Everyone stared, voices gone, whispers subsiding, phones out recording, and John stood, looking like a deer pinned by the headlights of a Volvo SUV – certain of imminent doom. Sherlock panicked.
John stared blankly at the dirt floor. He sat on his cot, his head between his knees. He felt nothing, heard nothing, saw nothing. The dirt shifted, then settled. He felt hollow, like someone had taken a teaspoon and scooped out his insides as if they were pumpkin seeds on Halloween.
Sherlock scoffed. “Please. That’s
| Composer, Dancer, and poet. Founder of Marylebone Dance Company. Bee-keeper,
Sherlock cocked his head to the side in curiosity. “Is Callum any good?”
John blanched and began to shake his head. “No, Jane,
“I get you for Christmas?”
“Molly, anytime. You know that. Please, come in out of the cold.”
He waved his hand dismissively, agreeing they were all healthy, and likely attractive to most people, but Sherlock had long since forgotten how to cater to desire or sexual attraction. Transport. He was just about to turn away when he made eye contact through the window. He was blonde, a bit on the shorter side, with fierce, blue eyes. He was laughing, clapping his friend on his shoulder, when their eyes met. His face fell instantaneously. Sherlock recognized the blonde’s friend; it was Callum, Molly’s fiancé. The gears shifted and clicked: they were a rugby team. And judging by their state, they just won a match. The blue eyes held his, switching back and forth, dropping to Sherlock’s mouth and back up again. Sherlock felt a shiver pass through his spine. Was this how people felt when he observed them? It had been years since he had felt this sort of vulnerable. He could see Irene watching them, knowing she was as fascinated as he was with this man’s attentiveness. Eventually, the blonde dropped his eyes, licked his lips, and turned his attention back to Callum.
“Would you mind…”
“Each other senseless, yes.”
John froze where he stood, eyes on the table. Jane went to grab the lighter from his hand and noticed his stillness.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Together?”
“Yes, but our photographer posted some photos!”
“I’m not sure I’ll ever get used to the way you speak. I must sound so unimpressive in comparison.” John trailed his lips across Sherlock’s cheek and jaw until he found the soft flesh near his ear. Sherlock huffed as John teased him lightly.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to sound like a prat. You could rightly tell me to sod off. I just. I don’t know, I wasn’t insulting you by asking why you lived alone. You just seem like a great guy, and I was surprised. You know. That you don’t have someone. And then Callum made a crack at you, which… I know you guys are best mates… Mols and I do it, too. I just didn’t want you to think that I was… I don’t know. I don’t know what I’m trying to say.”
"That's an understatement," John chuckled as he spoke. "Shall I finish up?"
John’s face was hot, and he knew he was blushing furiously. “I… I just had a bad dream, and came down for a cup of tea, and then…”
“I just… I mean, you don’t really date, and marriage is a very solid and ongoing idea, concept, whatever. A big commitment. Not saying you aren’t committed, I’m just saying you might get… bored. With me. Or whomever else.”
“May I read them sometime?” Sherlock looked hesitant, doubtful.
“JAWNNNN.” Watson glanced up to see Sherlock stumbling over to the bar, grinning stupidly. John sniggered at his own cleverness. He had dumped two extra shots into Sherlock’s drink, and had every intention of doing it again before the night was over. He knew it was likely he’d never witness his best friend this intoxicated again, and was not even a bit remorseful he was taking full advantage of the situation.
The next tune came on, and the dance floor flooded. Jane yanked Molly’s hand with enthusiasm.
“Doubtful.”
“I missed you. It’s only been two days. I had to ask Jane what to wear. What do you make of that?” John murmured through a smile pressing against Sherlock’s mouth. He planted another small kiss on the lush cupid’s bow. Sherlock chuckled; it was a deep, warm sound in his chest.
“That’s what he does. He makes deductions and solves the dead-end cases. The show represents his process on a case. He gets a little manic, actually. Like he exists entirely inside himself. Doesn’t eat, doesn’t sleep. He’s completely consumed by the case until he solves it. He’s described it another way, but. Well…”
“John, a minute, before you go?”
“What?”
John packed the last sixer in the fridge when the bell rang to the front door. He let out an exhale, gave a stern, reassuring nod to himself, and made his way to the foyer. His teammates were piled up on the stairs, grinning and toting drinks of all kinds under their coated arms and mitted hands.
Dari* surrounded him. John could see nothing through his open eyes. He blinked. Had they taken his sight? A stabbing sensation overtook both his arms; he was hanging from his wrists, his toes barely touching the ground. A searing pain ran the length of his ribs. He desperately tried to focus on the sense of his skin to decide if he was still clothed, but he could not tell. Panic consumed him. There was an agonizing drone in his ears; he was certain he could feel his brain trembling in his skull. John shook his head, and felt a white, hot heat strike across his legs. He knew instantly he was no longer protected by his uniform. Three more came across: first his shins, then his knees, lastly the top of his foot. Yet again, darkness swallowed him whole.
They sat together on the sofa, but there was no sharing of blankets, rubbing of feet or raking of hair. Initially, it put John off. Didn’t Sherlock miss him? He wanted to press himself as close as he could to his demi-god and feed off his warmth. John realized later, though, that he wasn’t exactly in a position to be cuddled or snuggled with, given his physical condition. And Sherlock was cautious. Rightfully so... a lot had happened in a year and a half.
əˈfem(ə)rəl
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock…”
John moved into a jog and pushed open a door at the end of the hall. Sherlock doubled the length of his steps. His eyes began to water. Fucking shit, this was misery. He hit his knees in one of the stalls, hands clutching the toilet for support. The light from above the mirrors disappeared and he heard the hinges of the door creak. He knew Watson stood less than a meter away, blocking him from humiliation and anyone else that may walk in. He was about sick and fucking tired of –
Soon, long, pale legs straddled John’s hips. He gripped Sherlock’s ass between both his hands and pulled him down and in, finally catching friction between them. Sherlock balanced himself atop John with one hand resting on the captain’s shoulder and the other dug firm in his hair. Sherlock traced the shell of John’s ear with his nose, warm breath causing the hair on John’s arms to rise. “Does this, ahh, does this provide you pleasure, John? Is this satisfying?”
“I don’t feel that way.”
Molly’s mouth fell open and pink kissed each of her cheeks. Sherlock tilted his head in confusion. “If that would embarrass you, I don’t want you to—”
Sherlock felt John’s eyes on him as he faced the telly and drank his tea.
John could have kissed him.
“If you’re John, I’m Sherlock. Please.”
The next letter was different. Sherlock’s handwriting wasn’t as easy to read, though it never really was, and he had given no regard to the lines on the page. He also signed his name…
John grinned ear to ear, turning to show the window the blush of his cheeks. “Good.”
How the fuck could he ever go back to that hell hole? How does anyone return after leave? They may have to hunt him down.
Molly walked up to the entrance of the theater only to find Irene there, tapping her feet impatiently, furiously typing on her mobile.
“I have the captain. I don’t need anyone else.” John giggled in delight and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. His hand trailed through the brown curls as they parted.
“I love you so much, Molly. I’m so happy for you.” Jane managed through the sound of the music and other people singing.
“Anything you say, John.” Sherlock was beaming.
John stumbled into the room, dropping the hotel key on the desk. Callum was passed out in the bed closest to the window. John clumsily rummaged through his bag to pull out his sleep clothes. His head was spinning with that ever-maddening man, sitting in a booth alone, dressed so casually in track pants and a comfortable sweatshirt, head barely twitching to the beat of his own damn compositions. Who looks that good in a fucking
“I wrote you.”
John nodded. “It’s fantastic, really. Wishing now I’d come out ages ago.” He could feel Sherlock’s smirk next to him and John laughed at the fantastic double meaning. Chachi raised a questioning eyebrow and John waved a hand through the air, dismissing it.
John laughed aloud. It was a pleasant and genuine sound. “You are a not a tent-living kind of man, are you, Mr. Holmes?”
John watched as Callum grinned like an idiot into the phone. Molly was recapping her day, and apparently her maid of honor was back to help with more wedding plans. John knew Callum was grateful; he had been feeling guilty lately for being so absent. Their wedding was in January, and October had just made its appearance. To the boys, it would pass like nothing. Their season would end just before the midwinter ceremony.
“Good morning.” John turned away and made for the sugar. As he stirred in two spoonfuls, he looked back to Sherlock and smiled. “Would you like a cuppa?”
whiskey and coffee
“One day at a time.”
“He’s damn good.”
“You’re outta your, you’re outta your, you’re outta your
John’s knees felt like they might collapse. He reached out and steadied himself on the arm of his chair. “You... you rescued me?”
“I insist that you sleep in my room, John. It would be cruel to make you use an extra set of stairs every time you need to retrieve something from this part of the flat.”
John hummed deep in his chest as he began to understand Sherlock’s request. “Turn round then, and allow me to see the front of you.” In response, the Bernini-esque creature turned slowly to reveal an abdomen John could scrub his pants on, if he lathered them up a bit. Sherlock leaned comfortably against the counter, ankles crossed as John studied him.
I love you, darlings! Thoughts? Ideas? Comments? GIVE IT ALL TO ME.
"Has she done all your ink?" He glanced back at the right sleeve in a newfound admiration. He had thought they had been an assortment of artists, each tattoo requiring a different skill set.
the way every wave makes
“You’re intelligent, and far from lacking in the ego category, but you seem less informed about social situations and proper interactions, and mildly heartless, so I would steer away from humanities. You seem honest and concise, not lending yourself to more extravagant majors, such as literature. I might say history, but I don’t know. I don’t pin you as as someone who cares about what others are or are not doing.”
“Yes, detective, what is it? Studying me, then?” Sherlock gave another daring grind of his hips and John tilted his head farther back into the sofa cushions with a groan. He couldn’t resist pushing up and into Sherlock’s frame, taut and strong and warm. Sherlock chuckled, then ran his palm from the hollow of John’s neck, down over the buttons of his shirt and rested on a metal belt buckle.
She bit at his throat, her hand tracing down the front of his t-shirt. “Mmm. God, yes, John. I’ve missed you.”
John leaned heavily on Sherlock as they made their way up the stairs in 221b. He was trying to stave off a crying fit – being back in this place was a dream, and was even better than before now that it contrasted so sharply against the hellish ordeal that had consumed the last two months of his life. The stairs squeaked and he watched their feet move in unison up the steps. They were quiet; John could only hear his own labored breathing. The door opened, and the dancing, dusty wisps billowed up from the floor and into the light of the window. Everything was exactly as it had been when he left. Finally, he was home.
he song began again. Sherlock had put it on repeat.
“Well. Pack your things then.”
"Your sister."
“I’d greatly appreciate it if you didn’t drop my dishes, thank you. I bought these myself.”
| Right Wing, computer programmer and hacker, Cambridge graduate, 5"10,
“So. The soldier’s real. Interesting.” John pursed his lips and furrowed his brow.
John paused and Sherlock’s eyes widened.
“My foster mother was a terrible cook, so I had a lot of practice.”
Molly sat cross legged on the edge of the stage, hands folded in her lap, as Sherlock began.
“John, I…”
“I will not leave you, Sherlock. Don’t even try to convince me otherwise. I don't care how miserable you try to make me. One more day of a life with you is worth a million days of a life I would lead alone. I’d never trade it.” He planted a small kiss on Sherlock’s pursed lips. “I choose you. Over and over, I do.” He kissed him again, and felt Sherlock slacken under the touch. John lifted his arms to cradle the face of his precious detective. Pale arms wrapped around John’s neck and pulled him downward.
Of course I am. SH
“Is that what you’re doing now?” Sherlock nodded again.
Everything Sherlock made was delicious, but John thoroughly enjoyed observing him in
Sherlock felt like he had been hit with an anvil. "Harry for short."
Sherlock looked at John, his eyes swimming. “Yes. It certainly is.”
John sipped again as he waited for a response. He glanced up at the telly to see Amy clutching a dissolving baby wrapped in a white cloth. Rory stood gaping next to her.
“Because, you silly girl, you’re a perfectionist and you need a metal ruler as a guide.”
John’s eyes flittered open, pupils darker and wider. “You, Sherlock. God, I want you.” Sherlock leaned over him, pressing his chest against John’s, and kissed him. Only their lips moved at first. Soft, tender; Sherlock was in a teasing mood. He pulled away and smirked, wrapping those lithe fingers around John and giving him a gentle pull. John sank into the chair and relaxed into Sherlock’s touch. “Jesus, yes. Just like that. How do you already know how to touch me?” Sherlock preened at John’s praise and settled down comfortably on his knees. He gave his wrist a tiny twist and John pushed up into his fist. Sherlock let a quiet sound escape his mouth at that, and his other hand fell between his own legs, rubbing firmly at his own hard on.
John zoomed in a bit. Sherlock looked perfect: flushed and his hair slightly damp, his bright teeth even whiter from the flash of the camera, and John secretly loved the way he fit perfectly into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder.
“First and foremost, let’s have a look at those arms of yours.” He stood next to the chair, one knee barely between Sherlock’s legs. The proximity was torture. Sherlock loved every second of it. This is what it was like. To feel like something was just out of your reach. How miserable and enticing. Watson methodically unwrapped the gauze and inspected. “Glad to have you indoors. These will be able to heal much faster now.” He wiped them clean and reapplied the clear gel. Slowly, he wrapped the clean, white mesh around Sherlock’s arms. “How are you feeling?” There was only a hint of taunt to John’s words. The detective knew the doctor wasn’t speaking of the rock hard cock between his legs, nor the ache settling in. “You ought to be drinking more water. Withdrawal symptoms are a nightmare, but staying hydrated takes the edge off a bit.”
The taxi ride back to 221b was a blur. John only vividly remembered Sherlock sliding his hand from John’s knee to the inside of his thigh, and then the detective’s mouth was on John’s neck, breathless, frantic and hungry. Watson was torn between utter humiliation, that poor cabbie, and dangerous arousal. He decided on the latter.
silent?
“No, I’m sorry. You’re quite right. It isn’t funny at all,” John muttered. Sherlock had wedged his hips in the corner of the counter, both hands wrapped defensively around his cup. John stood and made his way back to the bedroom. Sherlock did not follow him.
“Gorgeous, indeed,” Sherlock murmured. He combed his fingers through John’s mussed hair and gave him a gentle push towards the loo. “You’re filth, John Watson. That mouth of yours will be the death of me.”
The doorbell rang. Sherlock glanced up at the sound from the sofa, temporarily abandoning Ten and Rose exploring New Earth. “I’ve got it.” John leapt up from his chair and bounded down the stairs. He fished his wallet out of his back pocket as he opened the door.
friend.”
“Yeah. Yeah, alright.”
“Yes. Stop hunting for compliments. It’s childish.”
but I believe in nothing
Watson uncrossed his arms and set his duffel bag on the ground. He placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. “I’m sorry, Sherlock.” He was met with silence. “This is what I have to do. I’ve committed to it; it’s the most sensible route to a final destination for me.”
“Mhm,” Molly nodded, lips around the mouth of the beer bottle.
He felt a new pain bloom in his chest, sharp and rigid against his sternum.In an attempt to see if anything had been written recently, he turned the page. The date was only a week prior. It was the first thing John had written in nearly two years.
“Jawn. How many drinks have you had?” John’s insides grew even warmer at the way Sherlock had begun to say his name. John, with an “awwww” in the middle, rather than the normal, stiff, perfect “oh.”
The bag hit the metal in the bed of the Humvee. He went to grab the door when he realized it was already open. John stood there; face as emotionless as he could muster. A smile was quivering at the corner of his lips, begging to be seen. “I’m not a fucking child, Doctor Watson. Afraid I’ll rip up all your hard work opening a goddamn door?”
[1] Do you want images of actors/actresses that I feel identify or look similar to my characters that are not of BBC origin?
reckless fucker, murderer
“I am hoping, quite desperately, in fact, the feeling is mutual,” he whispered into Sherlock’s ear. John burrowed his nose into Sherlock’s curls, breathing him in.
Sherlock smirked. “Yes, apparently I do, if this is how I get rewarded for my brilliance.” He looked smug as hell, and John Watson adored it.
! I love you because I want to, you miserable, self-pitying prick! You ship off overseas because
“I think you’ll find it comfortable.” Sherlock smiled and opened the door. “Up the stairs, John.” His boots felt heavy on the creaking staircase, the wood worn light in the center of each step.
to be, but because she loved company. B was a great guy, there was no denying. But how long would she continue to see people without knowing what she wanted from them? What she deserved from them? Should she feel so flattered that someone would pour her a glass of wine and cook her dinner? Shouldn't anyone want to do that for her? She was kind. She was intelligent, gentle, encouraging, moderately attractive. A little high-strung sure, and she had entire conversations with herself, but that doesn't take anything away from her, or the fact that she deserved a good love. A big love. She shouldn't feel the need to grovel at their feet; Jane didn't need to say she was sorry, didn't need to make excuses for the quirky habits she had, didn't need to justify that she was worth keeping, didn't need to say thank you to someone for doing what any decent human being who gave a shit would do. It was time to stop settling and start exploring what it was she loved, who she wanted to be, and what she wanted in a partner. She knew she couldn’t fool herself any longer. It was time to become reacquainted with a woman she’d grown up hardly knowing: herself.
“Damn right, it wasn’t,” she retorted. A sad, tiny smile hit the right corner of her lips. “You’re forgiven. I think you should come with me,” she trailed as she slung her bag over her shoulder and headed for the alleyway exit.
“Callum, that’s ugly. And he’s
John grinned. “Be careful what you wish for.”
“Well, that’s a debatable decision. John is lacking several admirable qualities…” John swatted Sherlock’s shoulder and shot him a look. Jane clapped a hand over her mouth to hush herself.
There was no address, no date, it only had his name. Carefully, he pulled out the letter, yellowed with age. Air left John’s chest as he came to the realization that this tiny sheet could be nearly five years old. He unfolded a single sheet to expose his favorite tall, loopy, practically illegible script:
“Quite right, too. Getting much too long. It’s such a pain during my morning PT.”
“Oh, come off it, it’s isn’t that funny, you prat!” John joked.
“Nothing better, Everett. Nothing better on this earth.”
“’Course I have. You’re one of my best friends.” Something warm melted in her gut. She could kiss them both. She could kiss everyone in this room.
Sherlock swept his Belstaff around his shoulders and tied his blue scarf snug against his gorgeous neck. John stood by the door, feeling a bit anxious. He had heard plenty about Scotland Yard, but was yet to meet any of them. He wasn’t fond of the idea that Sherlock proposed – John had seen enough dead bodies and tended to more than a lifetime’s worth of fatal wounds. Somewhere, though, in the back of his chest, resting close to his spine, was a mad rush of adrenaline waiting to surface. Watson felt a bit sick, knowing he was secretly thrilled that Sherlock wanted him at the crime scene. The tight strings inside him combined with the tight fit of Sherlock’s shirt were enough to make him mad. John savored the tall, dark angel in front of him, those pale eyes and marble skin causing him to itch with want. Something would have to be done about this lack of physical activity, and soon. A man could only resist so much.
Thank you for following this little story o'mine the whole way through. This was my second experience writing fanfiction, and my steady readers carried my momentum. I could not have done it without you.
John blinked, tilted his head, good god, that looks dangerous, and gave a tiny, sad smile.
. That was enough, wasn’t it?
“I’m guessing you like it black or with two sugars. Are either correct or am I completely off point?”
Or am I drowning?
Sherlock chuckled. “Again, with the self-deprecation. I don’t say things I do not mean, John. I figured you would understand that much by now.”
Sherlock spun and glared death daggers. John laughed aloud, covering his mouth with his hand. His eyes were twinkling with amusement. "How was the market?" He breathed out, trying to stifle the giggles bubbling deep in his chest, begging to wiggle out.
John’s eyes found his at that. They were pale. Grey or blue or green, John certainly could not decide. Perhaps all three. Perhaps he didn’t care. The man was staggering in his tailored gray suit; it clung to his shoulders and narrow waist and had John’s head reeling. Sherlock raised a defiant eyebrow and John watched as his mouth turned up into a knowing smirk. John chuckled.
“Is that so?” He was quickly beginning to remember why he kept Katherine around.
“What a fantastic welcoming committee,” John called out into the dingy apartment. He made his way into the living room and found Sherlock hovering over the stove top in the kitchen. He was dressed in gray plaid pyjama bottoms, his blue dressing robe thrown lazily over his shoulders. Why did he insist on dressing as though he were sixty?
Irene gently shook her head back and forth, befuddlement still written across her eyes and furrowed brow. “No. That isn’t it. I just… how can I help? What can I do?”
“Shall we go plan a wedding?”
“Been a rough month, Jess.” Callum responded, trying desperately to make a discreet head tilt towards John, and failing. John laughed aloud, the sound feeling foreign. He missed it.
the inference of particular instances by reference to a general law or principle.
John woke in a fit of tears, his heart thudding recklessly in his chest. He panicked, unfamiliar with his surroundings. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to control his breathing. Opening them again, he realized he was in 221b, wrapped up in his own flannel sheets. They felt too luxurious against his skin… too soft, too kind, compared to the rough canvas of his cot back… home? No, that wasn’t home. He felt a stab of sickness at the fact that he had even rolled the word over his tongue. He shed the covers and lightly stepped onto the hardwood, deciding on making a cuppa until he could settle himself again.
Jane turned and floated into the living room. She stood in front of the shelves of DVDs; something B noticed she did a lot. “Your collection is so different than mine. And larger, too.”
: cello
Sherlock stared, dumbfounded, and then made his way to the top step. He didn’t step inside the door; any closer proximity and he’d devour John alive. The rugby captain was dressed in his university best: Sherlock’s mouth parched at the sight of black denim clinging to John’s gorgeous thighs and skimming down to fit snugly about his ankles. His feet were covered in a pair of worn, ratty, and faded pair of orange Chuck Taylors. John wore a faded, gray, years-old Incubus t-shirt, highlighting the taut muscle of his chest and biceps, and over the t-shirt was a long sleeved, pine green and black flannel, sleeves gloriously cuffed to reveal the blue and red of his Union Jack. His hair was mussed, sticking this way and that in perfect dishevelment. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to thread his hands through those blonde strands and give a firm tug. John’s blue eyes were just as analytical, and Sherlock bit his tongue to keep from grinning as he watched John’s own eyes dilate.
It took every ounce of conscious effort to not suck in air at the sight of John, face damp and eyes swollen and red. He gave his best effort to provide a smirk, and barely managed.
John woke to his skull pounding. His hands immediately went to his temples.
“I compose.”
John took the glasses into the kitchen to refill them, and plucked two fortune cookies from the bag. He grinned at the mini desserts in his palm. He handed Sherlock a cookie and watched as he absent mindedly unwrapped it.
"I don't need your fucking help. You don't know what I've been through."
“Sherlock?” John winced at the weakness of his voice. “Where am I? What are you doing here?”
“Tell me about you,” John quietly asked.
“Retract that. Not a question. You are coming inside.”
“And you’re John Watson. I have heard so much about you. Thanks so much for having us.”
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand from his hip and planted a firm kiss on the middle knuckle.
John smirked and then chuckled as Graham gave him a gentle shove towards Sherlock. John would not dance, not yet, but he sure as hell wouldn’t deny placing himself in Sherlock’s personal space. Not like this. Sherlock was on, and John loved every fucking second of it.
John felt a his stomach churn. These were not what he had hoped for. Reluctantly, he continued:
“John Hamish Watson…” John flinched. Really? This was how he was going to begin? A full name was for scolding, not for public humiliation. He glared at Sherlock, giving his one and only warning. Sherlock’s face turned smug.
with the keys. She was just a dancer.
“Obviously not, John.”
. John looked up into a frightfully attractive face. His predator was tall, a little over six feet at least, with alabaster skin and fierce, gray blue eyes. They rested above absurdly defined cheekbones and were accompanied by a mouth that could only be described, in pure honesty, as full, pouting and delicious. Oh,
“A clean cut doctor isn’t such a terrible thing, John.” There was a roughness in his voice that hadn’t been there before. He could feel Sherlock’s lips behind his ears. “Neither is Soldier John,” he whispered. “I’ll admit, I was nervous at first. Afghanistan has made you colder, and it has taken some time to recover your humor and gentleness. You’re still under there, just a bit more stoic, a bit bossier, a bit sexier… which I had previously believed to be impossible.”
John was straightening the cream linens on the table. Jane was laughing as she unrolled the burlap décor, placing candles elegantly next to succulents and pine needles. He glanced at her as she busied herself with the centerpiece, and felt warmth in his chest at discovering her. She had come so far since they first met.
“Perhaps I do, Jane. Would that offend you?” John turned to glance at her over his shoulder and winked. He absentmindedly stirred the sauce on the stove as he toed open the refrigerator.
dəˈdəkSH(ə)n/
“Oh, hush and let us in.” John stepped into the door and grabbed Jane in a tight hug. She wrapped her arms around his neck and squeezed, kissing his temple in the process. He pulled away and she smiled brightly at him.
“Anything you want.” John whispered, voice rough. Sherlock shivered.
discover (something hidden, lost, or kept secret) by investigation or searching.
He removed himself and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s chest, trying to regain control of his breathing. “You have to take more cases.”
John stirred, his body sedated from a solid sleep. He breathed heavy through his nose and stretched his legs out on the sofa, taking time to feel the cotton around his toes and the flannel rubbing against his ankles. John opened his eyes and sat motionless as the gears of his head began clicking forward in slow motion. A tall glass of water was waiting for him on the coffee table. He grabbed it and downed two thirds in one go. Pushing the blanket from his bare chest, John sat upright on the sofa, resting his elbows on his knees as he combed through his now clean hair. He dug the heels of his hands into his eyes as he shook his head.
“Because I refuse to be at your beck and call does not remotely translate to denying myself –“
“Yes. Quite unfortunate indeed.”
“Of course. You shouldn’t thank me for being attentive.”
“I… I’m sorry, John, but when you left, I went through your room. I shouldn’t have, but I missed you, and I slept there for a while...” John felt excess saliva building in his mouth. He was going to be sick. “And I found a ring.”
“How did you get them?”
“Molly, Jane, would you like a beverage? I have both adult and non-adult.”
Sherlock leaned against the door frame to his own room. “Morning” he drawled. John stared up at Sherlock from the bed he was lying in. “How did I… Why am I…” A look of true confusion overtook John’s kind features. Sherlock smiled.
John saw the sun sneaking up to the horizon. It was finally dawn. He lifted his fingers to wipe away the wetness from his eyes. Emotions at night were one thing: others couldn’t see you. But Soldier John had to come back with the sunrise. It was part of the job description.
“Oy, Shezza. What’d you think, then?” The words came from the blonde’s mouth, and her
“You too, Kirsten. Have a nice day.”
I want to be clean.
“I don’t want you to feel like you can’t work because I’m here.”
Sherlock gave a minute nod.
“I love you. From your debauched hair to your curling toes.” And he kissed him, deep, sweet and slow, before sweeping him off the bed and carrying him to the shower.
Sherlock shakily sat up on the bed and crossed his legs as Watson headed for the door.
John shook his had. He'd said yes.
“Tell me more.” John whispered. It was not a request; it was a demand. He gave Sherlock a gentle push to the door. Once inside, he pinned Sherlock to the nearest wall.
1. having, expressive of, or characterized by intense feeling; passionate; fervent:
The cab ride was silent. John was overwhelmed; he had been practically dead three weeks ago, his father died only days before, and now he was sitting next to the only man that gave two fucks about him, heading to a flat he’d never visited in a city that felt foreign. How could home feel foreign? Had it already been an entire year? Kind faces passed through the windows, young children in scarves and silly hats, clouds of smoke rising from chimneys.
Their chatter filled the showers, the boys yelling excitedly. They had finished the match with a victory, 35-7. John felt pride swell deep in his chest as he toweled off and walked back into the locker rooms. The boys hushed as he entered, grinning up at him like mad.
Playlist:
John scrubbed his hand over his face and sighed. His eyes had taken on a steely grey. "Yeah. Yes. Harriet."
“Sherlock…”
the formal announcement of the beginning of a state or condition.
“You’re gorgeous, John.” John felt like a fish out of water. Sherlock had complimented him before, and obviously felt a certain way about him or could at least be turned on by him. But for some reason, this was different. They were out of the madness of the warehouse, away from strangers and friends alike, and out of the context of hot dancing and indeed, feeling twenty-two again, the comment was tender. Geniune. Lovely.
“What he means to say is that we love you both. I love you both,” Jane offered from the bottom stair. B laced his fingers between hers and she waved with her free hand. Sherlock draped his arm around John’s shoulder and returned the gesture before they headed inside.
John laughed. Jane jerked her head to look at him again, signs of relief readily available on her face.
Sherlock sighed and scrubbed his hands over his face, which, now that Molly was paying closer attention, seemed gaunt and a bit discolored. His eyes were a dull, stormy gray. “I apologize, Molly,” he started quietly, “I’m not familiar with such frustration and confusion. It was not just of me to expel those things on you.”
He stiffly replaced his violin and as he turned his back, all he said was, “no reason.”
"No," John said quietly.
He dug his hands into his pockets, more out of habit than nerves, and casually strolled down the walkway, as if he were headed for the lift in Scotland Yard. When he arrived at the front of the aisle, Lestrade and Mycroft were standing on opposite sides. Watson stepped up to elder Holmes and wrapped his arms around him. Mycroft stiffened, his face twisted in shock, and a few attendees chuckled. John took his place next to the man that made his life make sense, and Sherlock finished the last notes. A sweeping memory overtook John, Sherlock standing on a stage, informing John that he only ever played for his family. Yet here he was, playing for whoever happened to hear: a confession of his love for John Watson. John’s guts warmed up; how had he earned the ability to be the exception to every single one of Sherlock Holmes’ rules?
The detective felt his eyes go wide at such a bluntly sentimental comment.
"Don't touch me." John muttered under his breath, his words bitter and cold. Sherlock squared his shoulders.
John’s boots crunched onto the sand of the Afghanistan tarmac. A heat wave welcomed him, hovering feet above the cement, distorting the landscape. Or maybe not. Maybe nothing had to make sense anymore. Maybe the hard substance could dissolve and erode away under enough heat. John hoped he would.
“How was your day? Fourth period any better, or are they still crawling under your skin?” B flipped the chicken breasts in the pan and dug through the cabinets for rosemary. He heard Jane sigh and raised his eyebrows. “That rough, huh?”
“Could you not be a man of extraordinary character? Just for, say, three minutes?”
“If this is the only good thing about this god-forsaken place, I can’t say it’s worth it.”
They had chosen to write their own vows, much to John’s reluctance. While Sherlock could charm his pants right to the floor, Watson knew what he was capable of in a crowd. Regardless, they were here, and John hadn’t the faintest idea what was about to come out of the brunette’s mouth.
John was being pushed away, then turned. He felt both hands grip the concave parts of his hips and pull. There was hot breath in Watson’s ear; he began to feel faint. “Sherlock.” The voice was deep, dark and glorious. John shivered. Jesus Christ. John wrapped an arm up and around Sherlock’s neck and gripped the other hand on his hip. He watched as his knuckles grew white. Teeth were biting at the curve of his ear. John reached into the head of curls and tugged. He felt a fantastic hardness twitch underneath him in unison.
John helped Sherlock into the cab. He shimmied in next to him, using his shoulder to prop the detective up. The door closed and they were gone from the curb. Minutes passed in silence. Sherlock hiccuped.
Quickly, he took off his shirt and wrapped it around his hand. John set to work untwisting the light bulb nearest to him from the wall, feeling its heat quickly seep through to his hand. This was not a cup of tea. It was painful, but bearable. He scurried to the next one and did the same. It was the last light before the entrance to the compound, and most everything fell to darkness.
“Alright, John?”
John stood on the top step, nearly shivering, and ran his thumb along the wax seal of the envelope he held for Molly. Callum was a wreck, fit to be tied. Not in a bad way, you see, but in the best way.
Sorry, so not sorry, for this nearly 9,000 word chapter.
without him, breathe without him, make an inane and pointless decision without him. He had floated so far away before John waltzed in with his clever mouth and kind, blue eyes. John had run with wolves and never wavered. The detective was finally grounded, steady, safe, and happy.
Watson lifted a salute to his forehead as Major Scholto approached. He was tired, his uniform was soaked in sweat and his mouth felt like it had been stuffed with cotton rounds.
lost and pathetic drunkard
John’s eyes weren’t accusing. They didn’t judge or assume or blame. They just waited, filled with patience and curiosity and an odd, misplaced sadness.
Major Scholto knelt next to his officer. “John? Are you alright?” He was whispering.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock finally murmured. John watched his face relax before his eyes.
, he said through his huge eyes,
“For us?” John inquired.
Of course, the only good thing about this sandbox was John Watson. It had been nearly a week since their…whatever it was. Encounter? Watson had continued on as if nothing happened, which as much as Sherlock hated to admit, he was eternally grateful for. Part of Sherlock was highly aware that John knew him far too well. Knew when to tune up and when to bow out. He knew Sherlock would flounder if the incident was mentioned. He had sidestepped it altogether, and given Sherlock comfort in knowing he had no intentions of making another move. Which was good. Very good. Right? Sherlock swished the black tea around his teeth in thought. He had been trying to pitch this to himself every day since the doctor had been poised over Sherlock’s body, urging him on with his captain’s voice. He still wasn’t buying it. He wished he could open his skull and pluck out the emotion bit, like Data from Next Gen. Just choose to turn it on and off. Unfortunately, it wasn’t that easy. And he wasn’t an android, as desperately as he wished he was on occasion.
John looked up at Sherlock, waiting for the end of the trailing sentence. “Yeah?”
“She doesn’t deserve this, John. She should be fucking happy. She’s fucking seventeen years old. Seventeen.” She huffed a broken exhale into the space between them.
by Destiny's Child
“Don’t fret, John. It works. And you look… Incredible.” Sherlock opened the door and clutched John’s wrist, pulling him out of the flat and snatching his coat en route. John locked up and turned to face the street, wordless.
Sherlock laughed. “He is the best Scotland Yard has, but he acknowledges my skill set and is wise enough to remember he needs me. More often than not, he is accommodating.”
“Oh God, yes.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms, turning to fume toward the window.
for weeks
“John,” Sherlock prompted, his voice rougher even to his own ears, “tell me what you want.”
won't my skin quit crawling
- Years and Years [John and Sherlock]
She let a dry, humorless laugh fall from her mouth. Only one, not a string like usual. “Bad habits. Trying to figure out what to do with those as well.”
“How are things going with Jane? Are you two behaving?”
“Dr. Phillips. Hi.” Jane allowed the door to swing open and invited him in. “Would you like a cuppa? I just made one with my new Kuerig. Clever little thing, it is.”
“Hi,” she breathed as she stepped into the doorway. She rocked up on her toes and placed a gentle kiss on B’s mouth.
John gave Sherlock a watery smile, and closed his eyes, leaning into Sherlock’s touch as he gently swiped away John’s tears.
tonight!”
“Quickly, Watson.” His voice was torn between a growl and a panicked cry.
Jane peered back around the door and beckoned him inside.
She tucked a blonde-tipped strand of hair behind her ear, the end of it falling right at her collarbone. “Okay. Listen. I think you should do something neutral with an accent.”
“Do you have to word it in a way that makes me feel like an absolute imbecile? And easy, I’m not bothersome every week. Just… most weeks.”
“I can feel your eyes, John. What is it?”
So why did this man turn John’s blood into magma? He was a sexual man. He acknowledged and tended to his needs. He credited himself to being a fierce lover, a generous one, too, and got off on getting others off. All John could think of was being between Sherlock’s thighs… being the cause of that heaving chest, that perfectly arched back on his mattress back at the flat, the sweat on his hot flesh. Ah, fuck. Twenty-eight years and finally indulging in the male form? Nearly fifteen of them had been infused with strong, attractive and talented men. Why now? Why Sherlock Holmes?
I'm severely invested in this chunk of text. I hope it warms your heart as it does mine.
"She was the only one I wanted, of the three. I thought I had saved us. That we could finally be normal," John whispered. "I walked away with a broken wrist and a gash along my leg."
262 days.
“Sherlock. What the
Sherlock lingered on his lips. No woman compared.
Sherlock glanced again at the leather jacket left in the auditorium seating. He grinned.
“Indeed, I am. Hot on Shezza, I mean. The rest is up for debate, absolutely.” Sherlock felt dizzy, then childish for the light-headedness. He felt John’s hand on the small of his back, a warm radiation of comfort.
“Mycroft pinpointed three locations he determined you could be. We found you last, and nearly too late. It’s very fortunate he is able to take the helicopter whenever it’s needed. We brought a doctor with us, prepared for the worst. They stabilized you as best as they could on the helicopter and we life-flighted you back to St. Bart’s. Oh, and Mycroft blew up the hell hole you escaped from. Thought you’d want to know.”
John stood and stared at his phone. He grinned. He felt her next to him before even looking up.
“They’ve got freestyle going. Care to watch?” Sherlock looked to John, who nodded.
“Tell me about them?” he asked, his voice laced with curiosity. He tugged at the cuff of the cotton crew shirt.
The second was from dinner, and was a bit out of focus, likely due to Sherlock taking the photo in such close proximity. It was a side profile of John’s face, staring up into darkness. He looked so calm, mouth resting in a small, contemplative smile. Watson considered the stress of training, Surrey and his first year of internship and was astounded by how young and
John was only meters from the exit. It was dark outside, but the pathetic, makeshift hallway was dimly lit with 40 watt bulbs, planted in the sides of the walls. He heard voices in front of him, likely the guards, and tried to figure out how he was going to make it past them.
“How I take my eggs.”
“After?”
Sherlock studied John’s face, attempting to decipher what those words actually meant. He waited, aware that John knew better than to leave vague statements for Sherlock’s interpretation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Anything and everything you want to tell me.”
“Shower. Now,” he growled into her ear. She needn’t be told twice. He gave her arse a hard spank as she made her way to the bathroom, peeling her clothes off layer by layer and dropping them to the floor. They lay forgotten as steam filled the room.
Sherlock arrived back at his hotel as the sun was rising. He slipped into his hotel room and ran a shower as he slipped out of his running shorts and trainers. It had been months since he had resorted to running in order to clear his head, but he didn’t have a stage of his own to work out his frustrations on, so the seven mile run would just have to do. He glanced at his watch. Two hours until auditions. Perfect. He put on a pot of coffee, having picked up something better than the god awful hotel blend, and slipped into the steaming bathroom.
“I recommend you don’t drink more than 443mL per bar, or every hour, whichever comes first. I’ve calculated your body weight and estimated your alcohol processing.”
“God knows I’m trying.”
It was impossibly unhurried. John’s heart was steady and strong in his chest. Everything was perfectly in focus and simultaneously blurred around the edges. The cream fabric hit the floor and Sherlock was moving away from him, looking over his shoulder, beckoning John to follow. Sherlock toed out of his trainers in the sitting room on the way to the hall, the sleeveless shirt flung carelessly in an open bedroom, and as he arrived at the bathroom door, he held John’s eyes as his hands addressed the button and zip of his denim. Sherlock tugged his feet from the tight jeans, his whole body standing and filling the frame of the doorway.
“All of them,” Sherlock responded. Then, carefully, “Would you prefer one of those?”
- Justin Timberlake [Sherlock dancing for John]
“Me? Never. I’m the predictable one.” John reached backwards and clawed at Sherlock’s thigh.
"'Fraid that one is pretty obvious," he chuckled, "I love England." Sherlock nodded curtly, his lips drawn in a mildly disapproving sneer. "What's that face, then?" John huffed.
“Good. We’ll see you boys then.”
Sherlock’s skin prickled as he pushed through the exit door, releasing the hot breath he had held still in his lungs.
“Agreed. So much better the later it is, too.”
John turned to face him, knowing he would be incapable of disguising or keeping anything from Callum. They were open books for one another. Callum’s eyes widened. John felt the heat cross his cheeks and he dropped his chin; he pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.
“I’ll let you unpack your things and get comfortable. There are pyjamas and warmer socks in the top drawer. I thought you might need some. I’ll be in the kitchen.” Sherlock was out the door and trotting down the stairs. John sat on the bed, his bed, and began to unlace his boots.
“I can’t believe this; fifth try in the first half, Rhys Rex is on
“You’re in my bed.”
“Do you mind if we stop by my flat? I’d like to at least shower and change, if possible.”
Inspiration for Molly and Callum's dance:
“Morning Callum, John,” Rhys’ blue eyes twinkled mischievously. “Shall we go kick some ass?”
“A week after you left, Mycroft came to 221. You know he never does this, and therefore I believed it to be a conversation of importance: a new case, something to do with our parents, you know. Something dull, but unfortunately significant.” John pushed farther back into Sherlock’s chest. A large hand raked through his hair. A content sigh escaped the doctor’s lips. “He sat on the sofa, I wouldn’t allow him to sit in your chair, and he told me he was concerned.”
“But not because they’re particularly bad students.”
he was in these photos. They had eaten out on the patio that night, much to Sherlock’s (possibly feigned) dismay. John had ordered a lager and fish and chips. Sherlock, of course, ate nothing.
John straightened a bit at that, a new emotion owning his features. Protective. Sherlock felt his heart spin loose in his chest.
“Clever. This proposal. I never would have expected it.”
“Should’ve fuckin’ written me back, you prick.” John squeezed the beautiful hand, and fell back asleep.
Sherlock laughed, sound drowning into a dubstep beat, and nodded encouragingly. John was beaming as he lifted the first paper cup to his mouth, tossing it back in one swift motion. Sherlock felt unnecessary saliva gather in his throat at John’s neck elongated, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed. The second one went down just as quickly, and John wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. He walked straight to Sherlock and carded his hands through Sherlock’s damp, chocolate strands. He pulled him down into a fierce kiss, laced with whiskey and want. Sherlock ran his thumb across John’s brow lovingly, and smiled down at him. Sherlock, out of habit, analyzed the rapid increase of his heartbeat, sweat on his palms and the movement of blood in his body.
A weird sound came from Sherlock’s mouth and John thought it might have been a chuckle. A small smile took John’s face.
Molly nodded enthusiastically and laughed. “Let’s see then.”
John turned, quickly and efficiently, and delivered the most tender, delicate,
, and then you complain about the decision, let it dictate your life and use it as something to blame when shit gets hard. Your mother's death, Harriet's drug abuse, your father's absolute disinterest in you. A fucking scapegoat. I stood by and watched you choose this; I told you, John! Goddamnit, I told you that you would rot. But no, what does Sherlock know. He’s just a beautiful and fascinating creature to fill my time. It's nothing to do with the fact that he loves me and wanted to prove that he could be the one to hold John Watson together. And then you have the nerve to confess your love for me through letters, as if it were still a secret. You are the only one that doesn't see it, John. You are the only one that doesn't openly accept this "thing that is unfolding." Even so, I would wait another ten years hoping you'd come to your fucking senses. And that’s my decision. I fucking choose who I love and who I miss and who I care for. So don’t you dare stand here and try to tell me I’m an idiot for loving the man who has brought the goodness I didn’t know I possessed to the surface. I
“I wasn’t expecting you so early. I thought you were rehearsing.” Pink spread across Sherlock’s cheeks, the color giving away his embarrassment. John soaked in the vision, becoming more and more rare the better they got to know one another.
“This is the best Christmas Eve I’ve had in all my life.”
“I do.”
He unlaced his boots and kicked them off, a shower of sand falling with them. His socks were stained around the ankles from daily sweat and accumulation of the landscape. He found his iPod (his only guilty technological pleasure) and snaked the ear buds in as the rest of his regiment filed in from mess hall. He tapped the screen and succumbed:
Sherlock grinned and ran his fingertips across the thick gothic text:
John ran his fingertips along the curve of the seat, the quilted stitches silky against his callouses. The wind swept in through the windows, and John watched as it picked up Sherlock’s curls and sent them dancing wildly about his face. The man was a vision in any scenario. “Are you going to tell me where we’re going?” he asked quietly, relishing the look of excitement on his boyfriend’s face.
“Rhys, Egan, switch to three-quarters and fullback so Jasper can work on his tackles,” John commanded from across the field. He walked briskly, hands resting on his hips, panting from running drill after drill. Sweat was pouring from every one of the boys’ brows. Rhys and Egan obeyed, quickly trotting across the damp grass.
John’s face creased in confusion. His eyes shifted back and forth, trying to sort out Sherlock’s words. Sherlock smiled as he saw the light appear in John’s eyes. “Are we… are you on a case?”
“You would be the first.”
“I’m just… observing. And collecting data.”
As Sherlock turned with a small smile on his face, his eyes alight with comfort, glee, and something else, something twinkling and absolutely perfect, John knew. He leaned forward into Sherlock’s space, one hand touching those feathersoft curls and the other resting gently on Sherlock’s cheek, and he kissed him.
John was back to his feet, about half a meter from Sherlock, when he knelt to one knee and extended his hand to Sky. She grabbed it, kissed it, and stepped into the circle, combat boots already moving in a swift rhythm. John stalked up to Sherlock, breathless, pink and winded, and grinned.
lasting for a very short time.
Sherlock squeezed the place where John’s neck met his shoulder, and the doctor placed his hand over the larger, pale one resting there. Silence nestled in comfortably between them.
Well, modesty was no trait of Sherlock’s, that’s been confirmed. He did seem surprised at the compliment, though. “I only played sax for a few years, so I can’t comment on much. Only that it was wonderful to listen to. I wanted to learn piano, but I don't have the hands for it.” John flexed and wiggled his short, callused fingers.
“Yes, we very well do, don’t we?” John murmured against Sherlock’s mouth. He felt the full lips shift into a smile against his, and they kissed again before opening a bottle of wine.
I'll just swallow until I've drowned
He crooked his neck to glance at the clock on the wall.
His lungs drained. “Right, of course. Well yeah, I just saw him through a window. No big deal. He was with Irene.”
“No sir, the order says John Holmes.”
"Card not accepted. Please select another method of payment."
“Was it alright?” He implored, eyes wide but not quite worrisome. Molly’s brow furrowed in response. What could he possibly mean? The ceremony? The venue? The honeymoon? The sex? She smirked at that thought, biting her lip in an attempt to keep from being clever. It seemed like a solemn moment for Callum, a genuine question heavy on his mind.
“You are risking your life for queen and country.”
“How are you feeling about this? About… us.”
“Good, thought I’d never get rid of you.”
She turned to him, smiling, and nodded.
He smiled as he retrieved his Supras. His sleeveless shirt was waiting somewhere in John’s room, but he couldn’t bring himself to wake him. He stood inside the bedroom, waiting for his eyes to adjust even a miniscule amount so he could make out a mound of fabric lurking on the floor.
Sherlock rolled this thought around in his head and could not, no matter where he tried, find a place to make it fit. It didn’t make sense. He rested his hand on the top of the chair as he crouched down to face John.
“YOU GET TO DANCE WITH JOHN!”
. The man slid his black-denim covered leg between John’s, and Watson felt his breath exit in one frantic rush. The song leaking from the DJ’s speakers was a huge hit in America… a slow, pulsing beat. Latch. That’s what it was.
2%? Whole? Skim? That looked repulsive, like water mixed with papier mâché. Soy? Almond? Why? Why were there so many choices? Couldn't there be just one milk? Sherlock debated between whole and 2% for a solid seven minutes before opting for the 2%.
“You are relieved, Captain.”
Sherlock glanced up from the pages when he heard the canvas flip back. The doctor entered without words, and sat in the chair next to the cot. Holmes continued to feign interest in the chapter of his book, though truthfully, it was quite dull. Murder mysteries were the equivalent of romantic comedies. Honestly. Someone should do a bit more research and try to make things more interesting. Was this really a mystery to anyone else? He felt John’s eyes on him, and a smile twisted on Sherlock’s lips. He had made it an unspoken goal to gain one foul word from the good doctor’s mouth, by whatever means necessary. It wasn’t as if he had anything else to pass the time. He licked his thumb and flipped the page as if Watson were not there at all.
an instance of one moving object or person striking violently against another.
with somebody.”
“Yes, I realized that, actually. How did you…?”
“Callum, why the hell would I want to attend a ballet?”
John pinched the bridge of his nose and gave a long, breathy exhale. “Sherlock, I proposed, I asked you. That’s how this works!”
XoX, hamishh
The musician turned and faced John, taking his violin from his shoulder and setting it on its stand. He strolled up to John (God, wasn’t he a sight in motion? Like darkness itself...) and extended a hand. John unfolded his arms from his chest and met him with a firm grip. His handshake was strong: a pleasant surprise.
“Don’t lose your bravado now, Watson.” Sherlock grinned. “What is it? You need light, so it must be quite important.”
“Sherlock…” His gruff voice served as a warning.
“I’m only going to be in Surrey, Sherlock.”
John’s stomach dipped as a smile stole his mouth. He put the letter and envelope between his teeth as he fished out his mobile and pushed open the front door.
Sherlock placed a tender kiss to her forehead. “I hope so.”
John dropped the bags to the floor and pressed Sherlock against the counter. A look of surprise stole Sherlock’s mouth and his harder, grey eyes. John kissed him, pinned him to the cabinetry, and Sherlock let his fingers curl into the thick fabric of John’s denims.
season as well. Wesley went to visit his mother and younger siblings, and B was working with the local boys’ homes teaching them the rules of rugby.
Sam loved you. And appreciated you. You were the one person in his life that loved him back. You saw everything in him no one else would ever dare to look for.
Read at your own risk.
The match was on the telly. About a third of the team sat in various places in John’s living room. “Alright, boys. I’ve got Imperial Stout, Guinness, Jameson, and the means to make hot toddies. Pick your poison.”
“I had
Sherlock lingered by the door, casual conversation still passing between them. John allowed his eyes to rest on Sherlock’s eyes, cheekbones, full lips, expressive brows, laughter lines as he failed miserably at saying goodbye. The man was beautiful. John had never seen a human like him; moderately alien and untouchable in appearance, features exaggerated and sharp, with a demeanor so utterly opposite. He was gentle, kind, timid even. Painfully polite and generous, easily intelligent. John, in most situations, would feel intimidated by a man like Sherlock, a man who was everything good, whole and wonderful, but all he could process was the fact that he wanted to be the source of his laughter. He wanted to pull every expression from Sherlock’s face – shock, fury, confusion, bewilderment, amazement, ecstasy. Oh… Well, that was new.
“You aren’t the one shipping off tomorrow, you sod.”
The accessory found the floor with a thud. Sherlock turned to face the large mirror hanging in the bathroom, french doors opened wide granting visual access to the vanities and cold tile floor. He found John’s eyes once again through the mirror’s reflection, and returned his attention to the buttons of his grey shirt. John could feel his heart accelerating as Sherlock hit the last pearlescent fastening, his eyes never leaving John’s. As he shrugged out of his clothes, John watched the muscles of Sherlock’s back flex and relax, like finely tuned gears shifting in and out of place. His mouth watered as he pictured sinking his teeth into the strong deltoid leading up to that gorgeous, alabaster neck. After an infinitesimal amount of time, the shirt hit the marble floor.  John allowed himself the pleasure of feeding on Sherlock’s structure; the delicate musculature of his shoulders, and how that anatomy flowed seamlessly into the whipcord flesh of his back. John traced the strong outline of Sherlock’s ribs, down to the waistline of his pants. He released his eyes from Sherlock’s gorgeous arse back to the mirror, where Sherlock stood staring, worrying his bottom lip in a way that made John want to do it for him. Sherlock smiled deviously. “You’re being quite polite. That was rather the opposite of my goal.”
“You can thank yourself for making me so desirable.” He winked at Jane and planted a quick kiss to her cheek. “What about you? Met anyone nice?”
Playlist:
Sherlock chuckled and reached for the doorknob. “John, uni suits you so well. Did you say these things to everyone you brought into your bed?”
"Or the one," Sherlock finished.
“No wonder he doesn’t have any friends.”
"Your sister died, John. You shouldn't blame yourself for that."
“John. Holding out on me, were we?” Sherlock whispered. John suddenly felt hotter.
“John, don’t pay me such an empty and useless compliment. You know perfection is an ideal created by the absurd and unfair expec—“
“Of course. Which one?”
“Unzip them as well.” John watched as Sherlock pulled the tiny metal clasp, revealing silk pants glimmering between the two pieces of fabric in the dim light of the room. “Cheers,” John whispered, his throat going dry, though his mouth hardly suffered the same fate. The pants were glistening where they were pulled tight across the head of Sherlock’s cock. He reached forward, fingers outstretched, and gently ran them along the lines of the zippers, refusing to touch the hot, firm flesh resting between them.
“Stay High. A Tove Lo remix of Dex’s,” Sky offered.
“You make me want to stay. You are bad news, indeed.”
“Oh for fuck’s sake, Sherlock. I know one good load off loosened you up. Quit pretending to be an insensitive prick.” His voice hardly shifted. He was on twenty-two, Sherlock realized. He blushed at the fact that he was keeping count. He couldn’t help it. The deltoid, traps and triceps that belonged to John Watson were things worthy of individual praise. His back was gorgeous. All tanned muscle with freckle kissed shoulders. Thirty-nine. Fifty-three. Eighty-four. Sherlock stared. Moments later, he saw his hand extending towards John’s body, without even asking permission. He quickly recoiled. What the hell was he doing?
Done. What time should I meet you?
- Nine Inch Nails [John and Sherlock]
“So, Sherlock? Isn’t he the one that owns this venue?”
He laid each folder out on the table, feeling the nervous twitch crawl through his leg as he began to tap his foot against the carpeted floor. He couldn’t help but notice how much nicer Marylebone was in comparison to this small theater. He was about to deduce the history of the building when the first candidate took the stage. Sherlock rolled up his sleeves and opened the first folder: Mary Morstan.
“Captain Watson?”
Sherlock sat in his chair in his flat’s sitting room, light from the morning pouring in through the vast amounts of glass serving as one of the walls. He held a steaming cuppa in his right hand, left perched under his chin in thought.
, John smiled. Egan Scott would crash head on into something with the utmost devotion without needing to know all the details.
Tito counted down, and John felt Sherlock lace his arm around John’s shoulders and relax. The flash went off, and Tito looked down at the phone, grinning.
“You’ve talked about me?”
“Oh.” Yeah, definitely a mind reader. “I thought it felt a bit… unused for you. Why haven’t you broken it in?” John pulled the disc from the case and set it into the player.
Molly and Jane liked that artist. John thought she sounded familiar.
They sat that way, John’s spine pressing into Sherlock’s ribcage, for a while. The silence was heavier than usual, but Sherlock knew conversation would be pointless, fruitless, forgotten. He heaved a sigh and then ran his damp fingers through John’s greasy hair. “Has it actually been twelve days since you last bathed?” John’s chest did a funny movement and a tiny chuckle danced out of his mouth. A small smirk pulled at the edge of Sherlock’s lips. “I guess this is a test run for parenting. Lean your head back.” Sherlock doused a thick body sponge in water and attempted to soak John’s hair with it. After two or three full sponges worth, it was finally wet enough to wash. As he swirled his fingers in circles around John’s scalp, he watched as John’s toes wiggled against the metal faucet. John spread them wide apart, curled them under, and then wide apart again.
John beamed, impressed as always. “How
“So, tomorrow. How are you feeling, Cap?” Callum’s fingers tapped in a rhythm to Shine as he stared out at the growing night.
John found the remote and clicked the mute button. “I said, thank you for the letters.”
John strolled into the pub to find Sherlock in a corner booth. The window seat funneled in all the night lights, glowing rose and gold on his elegant, sharp face. He shrugged off his lab coat and slid in across from Holmes.
“How’d I know what?” he asked, coffee cup hesitant near his lips.
Jane nodded idly and found his eyes. “Did she like that you cooked?”
“Don’t apologize for caring about me, Sherlock. I’m sorry I twisted that up and made it seem nasty. It isn’t. It wasn’t.” John’s hand was now out and around Sherlock’s shoulder, carding through his hair. Quiet found them; it didn’t press this time. It was gentle and welcome. Sherlock let his fingers trail along John’s elbow, the pale light falling in stripes across his shirtsleeve.
“We’ll call it even, John Watson.
John had big spoon duty that night. Sherlock was borderline inconsolable.
The boys pushed their way close to the edge of the quickly expanding ring. Someone was in now, moving quickly to the pulsing bass lines and techno lined choruses. Sherlock wrapped his arm loosely about John’s waist, and turned his attention to the people taking turns. He observed the choreography, collecting data on what was trending, what looked best when properly executed, and how often people actually kept time with their music. Not many, he found.
Sherlock carded both hands through his curls, allowing his head to sink between his arms where his elbows held him steady on the table. He couldn’t get rid of John. Every time he closed his eyes, there he was, charming and undeniable on the back of his lids. It was positively maddening.
“Thank… you.”
John rolled his eyes and popped the cookie into his mouth. “Your go.” John muted the telly and stuffed his hands into his pyjama pockets as Sherlock opened his fortune cookie. The tiny paper was unfolded in his fingers and the detective froze.
The handkerchief was out of his pocket and at his eyes. He let out a wet, choked laugh. So he had watched Donna’s season. He stared at the letters, heat consuming every inch of his body. Elation flooded him. There was one envelope left. It was crisp and cream in color, with his name written on the front, in gold metallic pen. John Hamish Watson Holmes.
"Harry Potter. He's a wizard and attends a school called Hogwarts and he and his two best mates are Gryffindors. Christ, Sherlock, our very own J.K. Rowling wrote it. Voldemort, 'Malfoy, Draco Malfoy, you don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort', vanishing cabinets, wingardium leviosa? No? No bells?"
“Spock.”
The violin. Oh god, that beautiful instrument. Sherlock and strings were a combination that could birth an entirely new galaxy. John laced his hands behind his head and leaned back into his pillow, wallowing in the sound and waves of nostalgia.
Sherlock wrapped John's hand around his neck and then traced his fingers over John's scar. "Not this one, then."
“Is that what you say to everyone you bring into your bed?” John turned to face him, smug grin on his face. Sherlock feigned offense. John turned to face Tito, fishing his mobile out.
She gave Sherlock a nervous grin and her eyes darted to the right, where the doors to the theater had just swung shut. “Of course. ”
“Please, god, let me live.” John was sobbing. A long slice, half the length of his forearm, began to blossom blood from his ribs. “I don’t know. I don’t know what you want.” He felt the tip of the knife press under his chin. The tears felt hot and ran through a coat of dirt and filth on his face. He wished he could drown.
John couldn’t help it: “You get off on it.”
I should have been a doctor.
“Watson.” Callum stood front and center, face set and strong, eyes warm and welcoming.
“And how are you feeling?” Holmes was impressed. Watson did not skirt around issues, nor was he afraid to ask the questions others feared response to.
“All of them.”
John’s skin crawled at the sound. How could he be alive? How could he be hearing this man speak? He hated his mind, hated whatever sick game this was. Wake up, John. Please, god, wake up. This can’t be real. He isn’t here. You are dead in the fucking desert, you moronic twat.
?” John thought surely the “d” should have been an “s,” but hey. What did he know? He was a rugby forward, not a hot, writhing, mass of gorgeous muscle.
“You’ve hardly had to do any of it. And I’m not blaming you or being resentful of that, but honestly. If anyone hates doing it, it’s me. So stop complaining.” John and Jane glanced at each other, trying to feel out what the best move would be.
Molly responded with a small, pleading look.
“Well?” John asked.
“John Watson. Yes. I know.”
John stared at the man like he could have kissed him. Jane wished he would. She had an odd, flighty feeling in her stomach. She was so thrilled to see John glowing as if he and Sherlock had been the ones on holiday.
The detective turned at the waist. He cocked an impatient eyebrow. John laughed.
“Molly, that isn’t fair. You can
“Captain Watson.”
He had imagined the look on John’s face if the doctor had walked in on Sherlock lazily stroking his cock, legs spread on the pale comforter, eyes dark and deviant. He considered locking the door once the captain entered, pinning John to a wall while he made love to that gorgeous, snarky, clever mouth. He’d even pictured himself falling to his knees, whimpering, begging, to take the doctor’s surely divine prick all the way to the back of his throat. Pining was a fucking understatement. It was unbearable. He ran his thumb across the zipper of his trousers, nerves vibrating at the sensation.
“Well, now you do.” Callum offered with a smile.
“Are you impressed?”
*The London Broncos and Bradford Bulls are teams associated with the RFL (Rugby Football League).
the tiny furrow that had made a home between his brows at the mention of his father, and the slight haze in his eyes.
“Well, yeah. You know this, Sherlock. Why do you ask?”
John rolled over at three in the morning to hear his mobile ringing. “Hrrrrhgg,” he growled in his zombie like state. He pushed a button to shut it up, and rolled back over.
“Sherlock Holmes? Do you honestly think I know another Sherlock?”
“Don’t avoid the conversation. I’m not a fool. I do notice, in fact, when your behavior changes, and every time this comes up, you become a cold, guarded prat. So, on with it, then. Spit it out,
She swallowed the food and smiled. “Oh my god! That would be so amazing! Yes, let’s go!” She took a sip of her drink. “This sandwich is superb, by the way. You made it just the way I like it.”
And welcome to chapter 9! Today is my birthday, and since I have been spending so much time on this chapter, I finally feel like it's worthy of your eyes! I know not all of my readers/A03 readers celebrate Thanksgiving, but here in the States, it's Thursday for us! Do you know how grateful I am for you? I can't imagine you possibly do, but god, you are. I started reading fanfiction in June and writing in July. I'm hardly decent, but I can see growth from my first works until now, and I have you all to thank. I would have written it anyway; my love of John and Sherlock is something I turn to daily, and something I know all of you share with me, but your kindness, love, and incredible ideas have helped me evolve, not only as a story-teller, but also as a human.
“Joseph!”
“Just our regular would be great, Jess, thanks,” John responded, pulled out a chair from their high top by the street window.
Sherlock’s head was spinning thousands of kilometers an hour. His erection was insistent and throbbing, missing the heat of John’s uniform clad hip, and desperately wanting to rut against it. He dropped his hand to cup himself, attempting to take some of the edge off. But he found all he wanted was the roughness of Watson’s hands, on his cock, on his chest, on his neck. He was royally fucked.
Sherlock opened the curtain wide enough to reveal an arm, shoulder, bits of an abdomen and one delicious half of the v that rested between the insides of his hip bones. Sweet god.
“Both arms are still attached; I’m led to believe you won’t -”
He saw naked men all the time. There were twenty-two of them on his damned rugby team, and they were not ones to shy away from physical touch – they could all give and take a good spank, shared shampoo in the showers, and never withheld commentary when one of them was looking particularly spot on. They were completely comfortable. John had seen as much of Callum as Molly had, even if it hadn’t been in the same context.
“Sherlock, we can reschedule.”
“Certainly, Ms. Jesep. That would be lovely.” She watched as her administrator took a seat at the end of one of her student tables, his height looming even in a sitting position. She walked back into the supply room and found another clean mug. Jane stood over the Kuerig, idly picking at the hem of her shirt. She heard a small rustling of feet near her. Startled, she gave a small yelp and turned to see Dr. Phillips, waiting hesitantly by the door. His eyes were wide and kind, concern evident on his slightly aged face. He was a handsome man, so gentle in demeanor. “Alright there, Jane?” he asked in a quiet question.
John’s eyes were wide and solid black. His lips were parted and his tongue ran slowly along his bottom lip. Sherlock shivered. He could find no words. He only obeyed Captain Watson’s every command, every bequest. He felt unearthly and divine under that intense stare.
Jasper, B, and Wesley yanked up another table and joined the boys, while the rest of the team filed in and made themselves a seat. John grinned as he finished his third bowl of Fruit Loops.
“Callum is your closest friend. I feel comfortable trusting that information with him. If you would like to bring him, you may.”
“You’re sure?”
“You think so? I dunno, Mols says it’s a little reckless, driving a motorbike. Is that suiting?” He was hardly looking for an honest answer; John was merely playing to rile Sherlock up. It was working. Sherlock took a step closer, his voice dropping to a whisper.
He may have interrupted the story - may have cut Sherlock off mid-sentence, and yes, in most circumstances that would be very poor manners at best but it doesn’t matter because Sherlock is a work of art. John will look at him every day and find something new to admire, something new to be moved by, something new to surprise him, frighten him, engulf him, absolutely consume him.
John slid inside and quickly thumbed out a text.
John kissed Sherlock’s calves as he filled the detective up. Seated, he pulled the ankles from his shoulder and Sherlock folded his legs at the knees, heels dug into the edge of the bed. John traced the insides of Sherlock’s thighs with his fingers, as he began to slowly rock into him.
“God help me, Sherlock.” John’s breath ghosted across Sherlock’s lips, his left hand now wound tightly in the shirt under Sherlock’s jacket. “You were perfect.” He dropped a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “You are perfect.”
“No thanks, I think this will do it for now.” John replied with a devilish smile. The waitress blushed and headed back towards the bar.
“To Molly and Callum,” the room whispered in unison. And they tipped their drinks. John took his seat once again and Jane leaned into his ear, making a small request. He passed her the microphone and she stood next to him, fidgeting with the folds of her dress.
Go, read, be merry.
John tilted his chin up in thought. "No, I don't believe so. Like you've said before, I use them more to document the various places I have been in my life. I guess that could be considered a theme?" Sherlock nodded. They moved to the other arm.
kənˈvərj/
“John,” Sherlock murmured against his ear. John hummed a contented sound.
“John! Thank you so much for having us.”
John brought the last image to the front of the stack and a small hum left his throat. John was standing on the platform, likely on the last day of one of Sherlock’s visits. His back was facing the camera, his face turned to the right, eyes hunting through the crowd. In the background, a train had come whirring into the station, blurring defiantly when asked to sit still for a photograph. John’s eyebrows were knit together up high on his forehead in a look of worry and dismay.
Sherlock grinned and took a large step up onto the stage. “Will you push that button? Yes, that one, just there. Thank you.”
John was standing by the counter staring at the kettle as it heated.
Sherlock smirked and removed the dark cherry violin from the crook between his chin and shoulder. “Yes. Most weeks. Five out of the seven we have known each other,” he offered casually.
The water hit John’s skin, the repelling beads of liquid spraying Sherlock’s chest. John ran his fingers through the droplets on his dewy skin, drawing the words he didn’t have to speak. Sherlock clutched John’s hand to his chest, and delivered a more fervent kiss, the first appearance of tongue arriving between John’s parted lips. John’s hands began to behave of their own accord, recording every ripple in Sherlock’s flesh, every flex of each muscle, the rotation of the joints in Sherlock’s shoulders and neck, the places that gathered water and the places that had not yet seen it. Sherlock ran his hands through John’s hair as he ducked under the spray of water. Those hands followed the droplets trailing down John’s neck and chest. Sherlock pressed a chaste and silent kiss to the scar on John’s left shoulder, unassuming, asking nothing, expecting nothing, his thumbs caressing the rise and fall of John’s biceps lovingly. Their hands were then covered in foam, moving carefully, meticulously, over every part of the others body. Their upper arms, the smalls of their backs, the cleft of their backsides, the smooth, strong curves of their arses, the backs of their knees, behind their ears. John gathered Sherlock under the falling water, brushing the long hair back and away from Sherlock’s eyes, thumbing away the stray wetness from his brows.
Jane defaulted to her trademark eyebrow. “Who?”
The doorknob gave and Sherlock nearly stumbled into the foyer.
Irene clicked the lock, obeying, and trailed Molly into the theater.
“Wouldn’t mind it either.”
The door stood ajar, but the building was empty.
Katherine’s mouth dropped open in shock. Her eyes quickly flooded with fury, though, and she intended to share it with the class. John didn’t give a damn.
“Let me finish this time, yeah?” Sherlock silenced himself immediately.
“I…” Sherlock looked lost for words. John was dumbfounded. The brunette turned on him and his eyes were nearly painful to look at.
“Did you consider for a moment perhaps there was reason for that?” John’s voice was darker, and thick. Self-loathing was curling hot inside his muscles.
“Hello, John,” Molly grinned. “So glad you could make it tonight.”
[2] Any interest in posting songs that correlate to particular chapters?
John nodded and flicked the machine back on.
“Hey, that isn’t a long time. Enough fun, we need to focus…” The girls stared at each other, and erupted into laughter. “Another beer?”
John was sitting at the bar, downing his fifth pint. A comfortable buzz had settled into his bones. It was Friday night, and the pub was packed with dancing bodies. The lights were low, and he could feel a little bass deep in his chest.
“Razorblade just seems so… mundane and ordinary for you. Figured you would have done something a bit more extravagant.”
“Yes, put yourself to good use. Dishes are in the far right cabinet, above the counter.” The stool whined as John pushed it back and made to set their dishes. After, he joined Sherlock at the stove, wrapping his arms around his waist and nestling his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John knew then, with Sherlock sleeping soundly next to him, that he had to make a decision.
“What the
“Well, say something, please, before I quickly become the humiliated one.”
am I enough?
John and Sherlock stepped into the car. The city was dead and eerie; no one ever saw this side of four o’clock. The driver followed a series of backstreets, to where, John had no idea. He clenched his jaw as he glared out of the myriad of droplets on the window, distorting the buildings as they passed. This was one time too many he’d had to rescue her. He was so grateful for Mycroft (a true first), but he had a sick feeling inside him. Something was terribly wrong. They stopped outside an abandoned warehouse.
“I’ll determine how I feel about orange soda.”
“Did you just see that tackle? B Collins is holding nothing back tonight. St Helens, in the lead, 30-7.”
The song was transitioning into the next, and on the last beat of the bass, Sherlock halted in front of John, nose to nose, hot breath gusting from his mouth. John fisted Sherlock’s hair and brought him down, hard and fast on his mouth. The kiss was a contradiction: filth laced with complete and total admiration. Sherlock clutched the fabric of John’s flannel, pulling him close by the collar.
“Fine. When can you have the sheet music to me?”
synonyms: resolve, settle, solve, fix, work out, straighten out, deal with, put right, set right, rectify
“Well, be careful, the last time you said that we didn’t speak for over a—“
“Watson!” Mike Stamford was waving outside the Duke and Duchess, cheeks rosy.
“She’s great, John. Thanks for asking. Went to the doctor yesterday. Apparently at our next visit, we’ll be able to figure out whether it’s a boy or a girl. Violet and I are trying to decide if we want it to be a surprise.”
John flicked Callum off and he and Sherlock kissed their goodbyes to the girls.
John could feel the eagerness nestling in his bones, waiting for Sherlock to step out again. Finally, in pure white light, Sherlock came back to the stage. He was dressed in black and white, his feet bare. John could see each muscle strain and relax under his tight clad legs, his brown, cropped hair still for now. The lighting played games on John’s eyes: Sherlock’s jaw was strong and smooth, his cheekbones high and sharp under a set of pale eyes. They closed as he rested on his knees and folded his chest down, extending his arms straight out in front of him, palms down on the floor.
“I didn’t,” she replied honestly. She had far more on her mind than dinner at the orphanage. The line went quiet for a few minutes.
He decided on a navy tie, assuming it was safe with his cool gray suit. Formal attire wasn’t his greatest strength. He was running a wax-covered palm through his hair when his doorbell rang.
“I refuse to walk down an aisle as though I were five years of age, John. It’s absurd and insulting.”
“Now John, you have to meet my parents first.”
Won’t crash now, I’ve found some encouragement.
Sherlock was on his fourth drink, and the warm relaxation of a solid buzz was creeping slowly through his bloodstream. Irene was smiling lazily across the table, holding her lipstick stained glass in her right hand. She winked at him, coy as always. “See? Isn’t that lovely? You really ought to relax more often. You’re so structured, Sherlock. Every second of your day is plotted out from the first inhale you take in the morning.”
“You did a good job in your selection, Sherlock. I’m grateful. Thank you.”
John’s eyebrows skyrocketed on his face, mouth open in a sweet oh. A devilish grin quickly replaced it.
Welcome to Chapter Five. I hope it leaves you satisfied.
“Yes, well…”
“Well, you weren’t in any photos with me tonight, and I know you want to keep yourself tucked away as much as possible. But I want one. For me. Promise I won’t post it up on any social media.”
with a tag?
"But I did find the seedless one..."
She nodded in a contemplative way, as if she were considering whether or not his response was acceptable.
“Another try scored by hooker John Watson!”
"The Timelords, yeah."
“Sherlock?” John waited, hoping Sherlock was lingering outside the door, listening for his response. “I love you, you insufferable git.”
John just stared. He struggled for words.
“Of course, darling. Another?”
This is the last chapter in my story, at least for now. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. : *
“What?” he growled.
John’s heart thudded deep in his chest. Okay… No snide commentary from Sherlock about the ring. Is it possible he could have missed it?
“There are two types of genes inside a conjugative plasmid. Tell me what they are.”
“I’d say that’s, ahh… a firm yes.”
“May I go ahead and stuff the chicken?” Sherlock called from the kitchen. He hated having to yell over the obnoxious whirring of the vacuum. John shut the power off.
“So, John, what is it you are struggling with this week?”
Molly pulled out her mobile and stood from the couch. Jane and John stood side by side, both holding up a half-full glass of whiskey on the rocks, and grinned for a photo.
“Starved.” And with that, Sherlock pulled John’s chin down to his, enveloping those clever lips with his own.
Callum stole a careful glance in his direction, debating whether or not he needed to run an interference. John grinned, feeling safe in his skin again.
Sherlock turned, placing his gorgeous arse in John’s face. “Fuck, Sherlock. You fucking perfect, gorgeous, tight-” John felt Sherlock’s hand on the back of his skull, fisting his hair and bringing his face forward with authority that surprised him. He hardly argued as he buried his face against the silk, biting at the musculature of his ass, appreciating the warmth of the skin underneath the cool of the fabric. John’s hands broke free, sliding up Sherlock’s thighs and cupping the underside of each cheek, gripping until Sherlock whined and pushed back hard against the mouth and chin responsible for dampening his garments. John lifted his left palm up, squeezing whatever bit of backside he could get, and then gave Sherlock a short, sharp spank.
“But for what it’s worth, she cares about you a great deal. More than she is comfortable with. She is unsure, too.” John paused. B stayed still, ears attentive. “Maybe you should talk with her.”
John ran two fingers across Sherlock’s clavicles, dominant and exposed on his chest. Sherlock shuddered at the contact. Watson clawed up one of Sherlock’s thighs. “You are everything I imagined you to be and so much more,” he whispered into the detective’s neck. He kissed the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “You are stunning.” He kissed the skin just along his jawline. “I can’t wait to watch you come for me, Sherlock.” His voice filled every hollow place in the detective’s body. Then he bit, chasing the sting with the gentlest trace of tongue. A string of indecipherable obscenities left Sherlock’s lips as he came across the comforter and tile floor. John wrapped a hand gently around the left side of Sherlock’s neck and licked and nipped the other as he found his breath again. Sherlock collapsed onto the bed, chest heaving, eyes lidded.
“Hell yeah, she is,” Rhys chimed in. Egan punched him squarely in the shoulder. Rhys’ toast fell out of his mouth. He rubbed his shoulder as he laughed. “Ow! You bastard!”
Sherlock rose to his feet and stood in front of John. The doctor looked up at him, wiping away the wet spots from his face, grinning a nine million watt smile. The smile went crooked and John tilted his head in curiosity. He was glowing.
"Favorite Incubus album. Angry enough, sad enough, pressing enough. Listened to it for months after Harry died. That tattoo documents my life at its most pathetic."
// 2.
“Perhaps I’ll modify my experiments to encompass more variables once we get home…” John whispered. His expression was heated, and Sherlock had grown very partial to that look on John Watson’s face. His lips were red, cherry nearly, and parted, now shifting between shining with saliva or being chapped. Sherlock was tempted to offer his own tongue across John’s thin, flushed lips. The smirk was devious, but nothing Sherlock couldn’t handle. The eyes, however, were an entirely different story. They were charged, full of so many things, even Sherlock was faced with a challenge of sorting them out. Want had been the most prominent of the evening, hot and heavy and absolutely fearless in the navy blue and black, fondness a close second. Admiration and pride were present also, and these two hit Sherlock harder than he would have originally believed they would. The furrowing of his eyebrows lent itself to impatience rather than worry.
John realized they were not whispering. Lestrade fidgeted and looked around the room, trying, and failing miserably, to disguise a smirk.
“Sherlock. May we go home now?” Sherlock looked torn, and John smiled.
Holmes turned on his heels to face his friend. He was beautiful on a stage; his height and dark features were a lovely contrast to the openness of the auditorium that surrounded him. His chin rested in the navy holster that joined with his violin. There was something so calming, so submissive about this stance for Sherlock. The expanse of his neck was left vulnerable and unprotected. It was so different from his normal body language. His eyebrows were bowed in curiosity.
“Family dinner? Late meeting at work?” He was most certainly angry now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We should be able to make that.”
Sherlock now felt an overwhelming need to violate the doctor’s space, just to see the reaction. He refrained from brushing against him. At least, until they reached the room at the end of the hall. Watson opened the door and Sherlock grazed his free arm across the captain’s hip as he entered the room. He dropped his bag to the floor and turned to face John. Ten percent eye dilation. He stepped close and spoke quietly to him. “Thank you, John. Sorry for my sour mood today, although, you are quite clever enough to have already deduced its cause.” He carefully tucked a strand of lengthening blonde hair behind Watson’s right ear. The doctor shivered. Self-control easily noticeable – knuckles are white from gripping, muscles of the thighs tensed, face fixed. Eyes now dilated fifty-two percent. “Might be time for another haircut, don’t you think?”
XoX, hamishh
“Sorry, John Watson.” Irene giggled, and then looked a bit ill. John could have socked her in her gorgeous, red mouth. Damn her.
Hey, darlings
John sat at the table with his hands in his hair. How had he thought, in his slightly inebriated state, that Sherlock Holmes was reachable? The man was nearly an intangible idea, too beautiful and too much to be touched, coaxed, or summoned. John stared down at the contact information on his phone. He had no idea where to start or what to say. What if Sherlock had just been kind and offered John his number so as to not hurt his feelings? John shook his head. Sherlock wouldn’t do something if he didn’t want to. At least, he didn’t seem the type to do what others wanted simply because
He slowly rose to his feet, black dots prickling softly at the edges of his vision. As John made his way into the kitchen to top off his glass, he heard movement from the bedroom. He hoped Sherlock was still here, still in this godforsaken, lonely as fuck flat. All John wanted was to see his face, to apologize for being such an insecure imbecile,
Sherlock spun, caught off guard by the voice. It was nearly three in the morning, gauging at the star alignment and depth of darkness. Doctor Watson stood by the tent in parade rest, fully dressed in his uniform. His hands were clasped in front of his hips, the chin strap of his helmet left undone. He had a curious look in his eyes, chased with the tiniest hint of surprise and amusement. Holmes turned his back to him once again and looked up.
- Cheap Trick
“Wait! Guess mine first.” John unwrapped his cookie and cracked it open. He held the tiny strip in his hand and glanced up eagerly at Sherlock. Sherlock sighed as though he were bored.
to decipher.
Sherlock set his file to the side. He nodded as the next dancer took the stage.
“Shall we grab a drink?”
“Oh, John. Shit.
what they were. “You alright?”
His mind was whirring through a meters long to-do list. The next show was beginning, and the indefinite future was filled with composing, auditions, choreography, and rehearsal after rehearsal. It was the best and worst time of year – too busy to think, and too busy to think. He watched the sunlight reflecting off the wet rock, tiny starbursts against the earth tones, and witnessed a red leaf drift down until it met the water. The river was kind – it would carry it gently it for a while before submerging it into absolute chaos.
“Employee perk.”
John yanked off the jumper in defeat. He hadn’t the faintest of what he ought to wear. John was certain he had not fretted this much over his first date, or
, it said.
John nodded and gave Jane a small smile. “Are you comparing B to Ian in more ways than their movie manners?”
“We’re going to destroy them.” John winked and Jess showed up at their table.
“I’ve already brought all your belongings down. Really, I do insist.”
“Pint?” Callum looked at him, both reassuring and encouraging. John knew that they hadn’t done their weekly evening out in what felt like ages, and he also knew Callum had been patiently waiting for all this to pass. The captain was hardly in a position to feel otherwise; he had grown quite exhausted of feeling irritable, frustrated, and dealing with this feeling of floundering and/or drowning. He couldn’t decide if he still had his nose above water, or if he even cared.
“Yes, right, so, we have to remember that plasmids are non-chromosomal and therefore…”
“I’ve only kissed you, John. Honestly. If I’m brilliant now…” John shivered at the thought of Sherlock, post-brilliant. Post-shower. Post-snog. Post-fantastic-blow-job; even if John had never given one, he could make miracles happen if he was determined. Post-earth-rocking-orgasm.
Sherlock stared incredulously at John.
“Oh, has he now? All good things, I hope. The pleasure is mine.”
“That is what I said, do keep up.”
John and Callum play for St Helens.
Jameson is a delicious Irish whiskey I have been recently introduced to. I drink it neat, but even knowing my pacing, it can knock me on my ass sometimes. I imagine Watson wanting something to get the job done quickly when he is in a dark place.
“I was curious as to when you would offer up words,” the other replied, without turning to face his visitor.
However, I feel as though I would react very strongly to you in black, fitted denim. SH
He sat in a trembling pile on the floor. Sherlock found the clock, ticking menacingly on the wall. It was four AM.
Hi… Drinking an orange soda. Thinking of you.
The brunette chuckled and threw John’s uniform on the bed. “No sweat, not until two.”
“What do you mean? You live here, don’t you?” He grabbed a few kernels of popcorn.
Sherlock was following Jim’s every move across the stage. His technical abilities were damn near perfect, as much as he hated to admit it. But he was cold on the stage, and Sherlock could not move past it. He was sterile, feeling nothing, all form and no passion. While the skills were remarkable, he couldn’t picture Moriarty working with Molly, or anyone for that matter. He was a one-man show, and that was not what Sherlock was looking for. He closed the file towards the end of Jim’s dance and, reluctantly, let it sit next to Bill and Soo Lin’s. He would mull over it tonight in his hotel room, with an adult beverage and sweatpants.
There was a soft knock on John’s door. He had insisted Sherlock just keep the spare, but being the gentleman he was, Sherlock had politely refused. John’s breath caught in his chest as Sherlock stepped inside the foyer. His mouth pulled into a small smile. John was still waiting for the day his heart would get used to the elegant sod standing in front of him.
“Come look.”
“That makes me special, then. Doesn’t it, Mr. Holmes?” John put the smallest amount of distance between the two of them. He ran his thumb along the smooth edges of Sherlock’s jaw and stood up on the balls of his feet to place a tender kiss on his forehead.
"Starved."
“Most of my programming has been done for non-profit purposes. I’m not really looking to make money from my technological abilities.”
“Alright. Which one first?”
Sherlock’s eyes ran mercilessly over John’s form, absorbing the slight rock back and forth between his feet, his thumb rubbing gentle circles on the top of his left hand, the way he leant his chin up when he fought with tears, attempting to drown them back in his eyes and make them stay. Sherlock felt his heart throbbing loudly in his ears and cursed the body’s natural reaction.
“Do you always use jokes to deflect serious topics?”
The book collection was surprising. Sherlock smiled as he plucked
“Hello,” Sherlock said.
to be expected. The guy was an absolute creep and Sherlock was having none of it. Jim’s voicemail was just a number and series of pips. Sherlock had left a message on the machine, thanking him for his time, but
John pointed to a tiny cursive word falling in next to the outer rim of the Gallifreyan. "Obliviate. It's a spell," John whispered. "It can erase one's existence from someone's memory entirely." Sherlock thumbed the tiny, hidden word lovingly.
don’t get this shit. Fucking River Song, you’re impossible.” John absentmindedly grabbed his phone. “Literally, impossible. How the
John slumped against the door of his flat. He hadn’t expected to be so tired after a fairly uneventful day.
“Not for food, no. You?” Sherlock grinned at John’s devious expression. He let his neck fall back into the sofa as he felt John’s hand slide cautiously underneath the layer of cotton separating them. Sherlock studied John’s face as his hands traced the lines of his abdomen, his fingers light and teasing on the warm skin. The expression held there left Sherlock breathless.
“Who’s this?” A tall, female sergeant shifted her dark eyes over to John, cocking an eyebrow in suspicion. She was mildly attractive, but looked tired and perpetually grumpy.
“For four months.”
John couldn’t lie. Sherlock pressed this close to him made certain things inevitable. His breathing had gone completely haywire; he felt like his flesh was melting where Sherlock’s arms wrapped around his middle, shamelessly, he might add; Sherlock’s entire front was flush with all of John’s back and it was painfully distracting.
synonyms:	assert, declare, state, maintain, swear, affirm, vow
Jane stood in the middle of the kitchen and stared at him. He blinked and she was lacing her hand around his neck and pressing the other to his chest. B leaned forward and kissed her gently on her mouth, then another on her forehead. “Thank you for noticing,” she said softly.
“Jane, are you alright?”
| Fullback, boxer, songwriter, orphan, owner of two Labrador retrievers (Dex and Dez),
“How. Are. You. So fucking delicious?” John asked between each steady motion of his hips. He barely recognized his own lust-ridden voice. What a foreign and empowering sound it was.
“Mols, put that away. We’re on our honeymoon, for chrissake!”
John sat for a moment, chewing on the snack, as he tried to push that together. Sherlock had more than one living space. He grinned at the thought that he and Sherlock both had such a huge thing in common: an off-season. They didn’t exactly match up – Sherlock seemed to be functioning full-genius right as John was finishing his season, but it meant something to John nonetheless. Sherlock could identify with a lifestyle so many others could not. Being completely submerged into a passion is one thing people do not often have in common. John’s heart did a small dance in his chest.
John felt his head spiral.
He rolled flat onto his back and stared at the darkness where his ceiling should be. He wiped the sleep from his eyes with his ring finger and let his hand slap back to the mattress. His eyes fluttered closed again as he mulled over the tights-and-lights infused dreams he had been having over the course of the week. John allowed the gears of his head to slowly crank themselves into motion. He listened to the occasional cab whirring past outside his window, knowing that few others were awake this early in the birth of the day. He peered back at his clock. 4:32 am. With a huff of breath, he kicked the covers off and rolled out of bed, padding into the bathroom, where cold, ceramic tile greeted him.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively.
“Sherlock?”
“We?”
John only nodded, tying the double knot of his second boot. Callum left it at that, knowing the morning workout had done little for John. The doors burst open and the boys’ voices bellowed cheerfully, carrying through the locker room. Rhys Rex gave Callum a strong clap on the shoulder.
“Thank you for the letters,” John whispered.
“You haven’t taken a single case since I’ve been here.”
. John would be able to touch him all over, rinse the suds out of his hair, scrub him thoroughly before sucking him off in the porcelain tub.
As Sherlock turned with a small smile on his face, his eyes alight with comfort, John knew. This was no ordinary emotion, no soon-to-fade infatuation. He leaned forward into Sherlock’s space, one hand touching those feathersoft curls and the other resting gently on Sherlock’s cheek, and he kissed him.
“It’s fine, really. We don’t have to talk.” John hesitated, debating whether or not his next statement would be wise. “You look like shit, Holmes. I didn’t expect to be right.”
Sherlock was torn between kissing John senseless and pressing him forward. He was flooded with the need to show John how loved he is now, that his life at present could be beautiful if he would allow it. He bit back the pungent desire to ask him what Harry had been like and decided to move on. Instead, he tapped gently at a collection of blue shapes on his left forearm. They reminded him of abstracted waves. Within them was orange text: make yourself.
John, clutching Sherlock by the shoulders, transferred a hand to the back of the dancer’s neck, drawing him closer. “Sherlock, this is all well and wonderful, but I’d bite your arm off to get a taste of you.” He traced Sherlock’s clavicle with his tongue, ghosted the smallest kisses across his neck, nibbled at the base of his throat. Sherlock pressed his palm to John’s chest, pushing him back into the billowing duvet of the bed. Hips still aligned, he gathered the hooker’s hands up above his head, pinning them to the sheets. With that, he licked the inside of John’s mouth, breathed warm exaltations in his ear, caressed John’s nipples, already raised and tight, between his surprisingly warm fingers, bit at the skin of his ribcage, and dragged his hips down John’s solid thighs, extracting a wicked sound from John’s throat. Then Sherlock followed the curvature of John’s biceps with his tongue, bit at the skin of his right shoulder until John bucked his hips, and traveled across his chest to the firework on his left, scar tissue splayed out in tendrils, shiny, silky, and pink. He kissed the point of entry tenderly, caressing John’s side with light, delicate fingers. John’s fingers tangled into the brunette mop of hair hovering above his chest.
He pulled on the blue sweater over a tan checked button down, adjusting the collar so it rested properly above the crew neck. He pulled on the nicest pair of gray slacks he had, and laced up his Doc Martens. He assessed himself in the mirror, tightening and loosening his watch band, running a hand through his hair to muss it just a bit. He stepped back, titled his head, and smirked. This was as good as it was going to get.
Had someone called his name? He felt like he was wrapped up in bubble and everything, every sound was distorted. They must be mistaken. There was no Captain here. He was just a boy.
Sherlock laughed, and nodded. “Love some.”
Slowly, John’s eyebrows eased apart and his eyes grew into small, blue moons at full phase on his face. His lips parted in surprise. Gaping at Sherlock, one small word fell from his mouth, barely audible, as if it were hardly worth mentioning: “me.”
John rubbed his thumb affectionately across the lion that covered the entirety of his bicep and shoulder. A small smile claimed his mouth. "First one. Was scared shitless, honestly. I got it as a reminder to be brave. We were enduring a lot, my family and me. And, well..." he trailed.
call a battle scar. Choose your words carefully, especially among those that risk their lives every day for the things you so obviously take for granted.” And he was at the mouth of the tent, unrolling his uniform sleeves. “Leave the wounds open for four hours. Stay in bed so as to not provoke any further agitation. I will be back to wrap them.” Then he was gone.
"We were headed home from a concert," John said slowly, unsure of even the ground below his feet. He had spoken of this to no one, and the words felt heavy and tart in his mouth. "I bought us tickets to see Death Cab. They were for her birthday." He throat clenched; he breathed through his nose, determined to do this. "She had just turned twenty-four."
“Yes, that’s where your room is located.” John’s heart skipped. His room. He opened the door, feeling Sherlock close behind him. The walls were a mossy green. The bed had been made; a gray duvet with green, flannel sheets. There wasn’t much in the way of furniture: a dresser, a side table. But it was perfect. Sherlock stepped in next to him and set his duffel on the bed.
“I didn’t believe it was possible, but you are more dull now than when you left.”
Glasses clinked together, the quiet slosh of liquid filling the room.
“But you just need to know.”
Hello, my dearest darlings.
“Fancy seeing you here. I really ought not ever hand out a key copy.”
A few moments passed and John’s face fell serious once more. “Boys. Thank you. You’re my blood. I feel as though I have to be fair. If and when this comes out to the public, it’s likely St Helens will get a lot of heat for having a… damn, a gay captain, bisexual captain, whatever. We’ll be under scrutiny, and you’ll be getting shit for my personal life. If any of you want to resign, or trade, I understand completely, I just feel as though—”
The doctor turned to look at him. Sherlock noticed a buzzing rise in his ears. John’s expression was hard to read. “What?” he asked blatantly.
“And you believe I am not?”
through a jumble of sticky words
Watson nervously laughed and idly thumbed the cotton gauze under the left shoulder of his shirt. “Ah, so it’s only gross because it’s me. Makes more sense.”
“Mmm, yes. Quite recently. Three weeks ago.”
“Hey,” she whispered. Callum looked up at her through sad eyes, a small smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. “You are an amazing man, Callum, and an amazing friend. He
this? He must have him. Now.
was he here in Ireland?
“Hardly, when your hands are rough as sandpaper.”
John’s heart rate steadily rose. Sherlock’s lips had just made contact with his skin. Christ. “I’m not.” He admired Sherlock’s sleepy eyes and tousled, debauched hair. His voice was rougher in the morning, husky and deep from sleep. It was lovely. Sherlock propped up on an elbow and wrapped his arm around John’s chest, gently kissed his shoulder through his white t-shirt, and nestled his chin there. “Comfortable?” John quipped.
John sighed. It was a forgiving sound, as though he disagreed but could maybe, possibly, see why you felt that way. Sherlock sensed that this was Captain Watson’s home. He never seemed distraught or homesick, never spoke much of his family or wishing for his next leave, and every single day he was on. Completely focused, wholly involved and attentive, kind and gentle but never someone who would be easily swayed or manipulated. He threw himself into his work. He was solid as steel. A shiver went through Sherlock’s body.
Read, weep, gasp, be merry.
Jane raised a curious eyebrow and John felt elation bubble up in his chest. This was going to be a good night.
Inside the envelope were three Polaroid snapshots. John thumbed them lovingly, in complete awe at the raw, sentimental punch these gave him. Sherlock had taken photos… just to remember something that had happened. Not only that, but all three were photos of John, and they were stunning. Not in reference to looks or appeal, of course, but in the way Watson had been captured.
-EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU SHOULD READ THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO. Holy shit, Lisbeth Salander is my spirit animal.
was potato bread?
“Don’t be an idiot, Duke. They probably just look alike.”
Here's the Everett's fridge. On it, you will find tiny bits and pieces of the lives of our characters, tiny accumulations occurring after significant events take place. Keep an eye out for an updated fridge, and please, share any thoughts you may have on what else we could pin up.
Sherlock felt himself being pulled backwards into the small space between the two larger buildings, and a twist of excitement jolted his bones. John pinned him against the cold brick, hands already in Sherlock’s hair, before he crushed a nearly rabid kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock gripped John at his ribs and yanked him closer. John’s fingers were combing through Sherlock’s curls in a far gentler manner. Sherlock yipped in surprise as John bit his bottom lip.
“Hmm?” John didn’t know if he meant the movie or the living space. He was beginning to acknowledge that somehow, Sherlock had the ability to read minds.
Egan spread cream cheese over his pitifully toasted bagel and smiled. “How’s Violet?” John implored. Egan was married, had been for nearly six years now. Violet was a fantastic woman, a badass and a hell of a character to have a man like Egan by her side. They were wild – outdoors all the time, hiking, kayaking, white water rafting. Last summer, they backpacked across Europe, just the two of them. John envied them, in a way. How amazing it would be, to have someone who shared so much in common with you. He felt he had never experienced that. Just a bunch of ditzy women looking for money and great sex. Anyway, Violet was four months pregnant. Most men would see the birth of a child as the end of world as they knew it, but of course Egan had wept tears of joy when Violet told him. Fucking incredible man.
“What?” Jane’s brows furrowed and a wrinkle developed at the bridge of her nose.
Goddamnit. “Okay… do you know of any places you’re close to? A land marker, restaurant, anything?”
“And you’re one of mine, of course.”
"May I have this dance?" Sherlock asked before turning to face him. "Since I couldn't take you up on your offer before." He extended an elegant hand and John placed his rough palm inside Sherlock's. Sherlock's other hand found its place on the small of John's back, warm against his flesh. Their chests aligned, Sherlock tall and lean and smooth and John stocky, strong, and masculine. John rested his forehead against Sherlock's collarbone, eyes facing outward at the bedroom. It was dark, and it looked cold outside his window. Sherlock was singing softly in his ear.
Adore you, my darlings. I hope this does our men justice.
“No. I took time from your day. We will do this. I will make this work.” His voice was strung tight like guitar strings that hadn’t had enough time to stretch before being played.
“How’re you holding up, mate?” he whispered into Callum’s ear. Callum laughed and tilted his chin towards John, never taking his eyes off the walkway.
Go, read, be merry!
John was a fairly average looking man. He had perpetually disheveled blonde hair that paired nicely with blue eyes, varying from shallow ocean to midnight, depending on his mood. They were kind eyes, tinted with the ferocity of a man who has seen and survived a life that had left much wanting. His nose was sharp and symmetrical and just below, a mouth framed in laughter lines. He was amenable, charming and too sharp tongued for his own good most days. Women adored him, men befriended him, and he knew no strangers.
John was stirred from his vacant state by a hand on his back. He blinked several times. Everyone else had disappeared. He was standing in the same place he had been for nearly three hours. It began to rain. Sherlock pulled John into his shoulder and held him.
The episode played on: John laughed at Cassandra’s words coming from Rose’s mouth and Sherlock murmured at Tennant’s ferocity. The plates were cleared and set on the floor, only small grains of rice and soy sauce left, the glasses in process of being drained. It was a night just like any other for them. Take away and some telly to wind down. The habit was a beautiful thing; some people are habitual about things that don’t matter: putting their socks back in the same place they pulled them from, organizing the refrigerator, washing their hands. This was a routine event that John loved. Feeling Sherlock's gorgeous, baritone laughter behind him, wrapped up warmly in his favorite pyjamas, and knowing that they would crawl into bed together, wake up together, and start the process all over again was the best habit John had ever had.
. You are brilliant, and clever, and sharp, too sharp for me. When I was dying, you were the one thought that possessed my head. I could not shake you away, nor did I want to. I love the way you laugh, your backhanded compliments, the way you saunter when you walk. I love that you dress like you are sixty years old when you are barely half that, I love that we have a lab in our kitchen, and I love that you fall asleep with the telly on mute. I love the way you look at me when you believe I can’t see you, I love that you’re so much mouthier in your letters than you are in my arms, and that you wear a suit
Irene stared at him, mouth slightly parted. “You composed, played and recorded all of this music in two days?”
“True.”
John tilted his head, and then took a small sip of his coffee.
“Like what? I’m not being anything different than what I ordinarily am.” He raised an eyebrow, one that hinted a good bit at irritation, waiting for the next comment to leave her lips. She said nothing.
He glanced to Jane, standing next to him at the edge of the floor and she had her hand clapped over her mouth.
- bus ride through Ireland
“Hello, Prim. I’m here to pick up a take-away order.” The lady behind the counter smiled at him and disappeared into the kitchen. The door hinge bell jingled again, a blast of cold billowing in as the wind whistled through the closing door.
2. intensely devoted, eager, or enthusiastic; zealous:
John didn’t understand. “Okay. So what does that have to do with the show?”
Callum raised a defiant eyebrow. “Seriously? I mean, Molly loves you. Why the hell wouldn’t she talk about you? You’re my best mate. Idiot.”
“Captain.”
He took a step forward, locking onto John’s eyes.
fucking [after] life
John settled in at the dining room table and Sherlock sat across from him, legs folded up in the chair. John took the first bite of his eggs, typically a bit hesitant about having them fried. He hated a particularly runny yolk, but still liked the texture to be there. They were perfect.
After about an hour’s drive, Sherlock flipped his blinker and pulled into a long drive. The pavement was lined with large, blossoming trees, the lawn well-kept and freshly mowed. It reminded John of a golfing green. Soon, a stately house rose at the top of the hill. It was mostly brick, regal but understated with large leaf ivy crawling up the corners. The front door was solid black, and the windows stood out against the old pale pink of the estate. John could see light curtains hanging on the inside of each pane. “What is this place?” John murmured, taken aback by its Pride and Prejudice feel.
The foyer was flooded with light, tiny prisms reflecting on the walls through an older crystal chandelier hanging from highly vaulted ceilings. A study was to the left, filled with dark cherry wood and lined with shelves of books, hundreds of them, maybe thousands. From leather bound anthologies to
Take me to the ocean
Sherlock stared at John, words vanishing from his mouth. John hardly seemed put out at the fact that his first official outing with Sherlock was a case, not an actual date. Tonight wasn’t
“I do, in fact. It was a big step, you know, being twenty-eight and all, but I have a nightlight, so it’s been okay.”
“Don’t want me to go just yet?” John teased lightly. Had he just flirted with another man? Sherlock’s eyes widened a bit and John felt his wrist go free.
“Oh, piss off, John. Don’t make me feel guilty because I didn’t want to watch a bunch of queers in—“
John grinned like an idiot as he shoveled another palm full of popcorn into his mouth.
” His knees were hardly serving any purpose anymore. “I know you’re pining for me, Mr. Holmes. Know you’ve thought about the way I look at you, the things I notice, the way I touch you.”
| Flanker, ceramicist, kayaker. Described by his teammates as solid, level-headed, and reliable.
“Alright, Mr. Holmes, you seem to be doing just fine. A delayed reaction time, but that’s to be expected with the morphine.” Sherlock chuckled. He knew Doctor Watson had looked over his record. What a precious man, to feign naivety at his last ten hospital visits scrawled in nearly illegible handwriting on the dust covered folder. Even when you worked for the government, for SAS, for your literal big brother, damn Mycroft, that indulgent prick, some things never change. “Is there anything I can get you?”
“I rarely spend time here.”
John smiled at the sound of Jane’s laugh. It was a cross between a giggle and guffaw, and was oddly endearing. “What exactly qualifies as a non-adult beverage? Do you have juice pouches in that fridge?”
“Yeah.” John replied plainly. He felt a smile take his face.
Questions, comments or suggestions, as always are a wonderful thing.
Bitterness was a paralytic. Love was a much more vicious motivator.
“Right then, I’ll be out soon.” The hallway door closed and John was left to his own thoughts and the soft sound of water hitting the porcelain tub.
The song shifted, and she kissed his cheek and winked, heading to the bar. John assumed she was getting another round. He lingered awkwardly among the hot bodies. Just as he was about to walk away, cold fingers wrapped around his wrist.
Molly blushed and dropped eye contact with John. He immediately regretted his comment. Of course Molly didn’t dance that way, at least not on a stage. She had immeasurable class and was a very reserved woman. While he knew of how
John toweled off and slipped into his pants. He heard a throat clearing just as he stretched his t-shirt over his head. He glanced to the source of the noise, already knowing the owner it belonged to.
“Damnit!” he blustered as he bit the stage for the ninth time. His hip and thigh would be black for a week. He sat in a tangle of limbs as his chest heaved.
be a first for me to witness.”
(of a number of things) gradually change so as to become similar or develop something in common.
“Well damn, Watson, guess we’re a threesome tonight. You know Molly. Wild one.”
"How blind are
There was a knock at the door. Jane turned her head, sighing, but the sound halted immediately when she saw Kirsten crying through the window. “John, I’m sorry… do you mind if I…?”
to lose?
“I owe every one of you an apology. I’ve been a fucking prick these last two weeks, and you’ve done nothing to deserve it. You have busted your arses day in and day out, giving me tens of hours extra of practice time while never once complaining, listened to me bitch and moan and be absolutely foul, offered up solutions when my own head was too clouded to offer them...” He looked to them for a response, and felt a warmth bloom in his chest at the sign of Rhys’ smiling eyes and Callum’s silent chuckle, pressing him to continue on. “I was a right arsehole. You were fantastic. You will win this match today, and it will not have a damn thing to do with me. Just wanted you to know I’m fully aware.” He waited for the crash of emotion to pass, and finished. “As always, boys, you save me, each and every day. Now. Let’s get the fuck out on that pitch and get this shit over with. I’m looking forward to the green of Ireland.” His teammates clapped and whistled, rising to their feet, slapping each other on the back and grinning like fools. A tear leaked from John’s eye as his brothers traveled through the entryway out onto the green of the field, under the bright lights and screaming fans. He wiped it away brusquely, knowing despite the way his life had unfolded, nothing,
The skin of his brow was burning. Burning like wildfire.
“The day you disappeared, Mycroft informed me. It was locating you that proved to be nearly impossible. Fortunately, the city of Kandahar has a series of security cameras, and one was inside your compound. We were able to hack them and watch them move through the city. I wish I had discovered the cameras sooner. Seeing you would have made all the time you were away from me so much more bearable.”
it. Wanted to savor it and hold it and keep it forever.
“Hush.”
“I know, that’s –” She blinked in confusion. “What?”
John couldn’t wipe the stupid blush from his face. It was nearly two in the afternoon and he was still in his pyjamas. He could smell Sherlock in his shirt.
“About being a prat when I wake up…”
“I would say you are a man who cares very little about what others think, and that yes, at times your craving of adrenaline could be interpreted as reckless. Of course, this conclusion is surmised on six interactions, only three of which contained conversing. However, one is able to deduce a great deal about you, John Watson, without ever needing to speak.”
“Yes, I know. I figured it’d be fun to make people think we were together. Sick game I like to play. Easy to believe. We are frightfully attractive.”
So she let the phone ring, turned the volume on the telly up, and watched the Doctor and Rose save the world, every single time.
Damn him. He always knew. John squeezed a bit of toothpaste onto the bristles of his brush and began to scrub, trying to keep his eyes on the mirror. There was a small window inside the shower, and it allowed sunlight to pour through it. John was gifted a rather explicit silhouette of Sherlock running a bar of soap over his shoulders.
Molly nodded, stepped to the curb, and with a sassy wink, shrugged her bare shoulder out of her silk shawl. A cabbie screamed to a halt and Callum rolled his eyes.
“Well I want to know when you do. And tell me when the tickets for his next performance go up. I don’t want to miss that for anything.”
John and Sherlock turned and stared at her in unison, eyebrows furrowed.
"Sir? May I assist you?"
“Yeah, that’s tough. I know they don’t gel. Have you thought of speaking with them one on one?”
Poetry. He flipped to the next page, unable to help himself.
“See? There. Never.”
Sherlock smiled. “Hello.”
“Am I allowed to see? I wanted to reassure her and give her a little something.”
The tears fell, hot and wet against his cold face. And then, there was cold and wet. As his bride walked up the aisle, snow fell. He watched as Molly laughed and stuck her hand out to catch the flakes as they kissed her warm, radiant skin. She was heaven on earth: a slice of hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream; the first day of summer, warm and flushed and in full bloom; she was the feeling of victory on the rich green of the pitch, his favorite smell of damp earth and clover; she was the healing kiss of ointment, the drowning of tension in a hot shower, she was pure relief; she was the perfect pair of jeans, snug and comfortable and no matter how often you wore them, they only got better; she was steam rising from a hot cup of tea, swirling, aimless and light through whatever the air held next for her; Molly was the sunrise and the sunset, the laughter from his lungs, the earth and the sun and the meteor belt: the perfect balance orbiting. She was the core of his well-being, the source of his joy, the marrow of his bones. And she was his. For as long as they lived.
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“No, no. It wasn’t meant to be an insult. I’m just amused by you sitting here, pretending it’s a silly pastime when you’ve written two books. And done nothing with them. You’re too humble for your own good, John. Honestly.”
Next Homecoming, Collective Soul
“It wasn’t my intention…” Sherlock weakly began.
John took a sip of the steaming beverage. He felt the heat slide down his throat and break up the frozen knots in his stomach. He sighed quietly, leaned his head back and closed his eyes.
The one I got with my best mate.
John looked up from his plate, a bit taken aback. Firstly, why would Sherlock want to borrow any of his books? Surely he’d read every one in existence by now. Secondly, that would mean the book would be returned, which also meant that Sherlock intended to see him again
“Chachi, this is John.”
“Piss off would have been fine.”
“Same,” John replied, the smile evident in his voice. “My dad loved it, too.”
pinpoint. He sighed as he pulled out his own headphones, turning his iPod up to half volume, and put on an Incubus album. Within minutes, he was dozing.
“Hey, Sherlock…”
John laughed as Callum picked Molly up and slung her around his hip and through his legs. He dipped her forward, slow and steady, her legs sinking between his, and he planted a tender kiss on her chest. A laugh rippled through her ribcage and escaped from her tilted neck, dancing out of her mouth and into the room as one of the most joyous sounds John had ever heard. The two moved flawlessly, Callum tall and strong and Molly agile and certain. Her dress was a streak of white and matched the permanent grin on Callum's face.
John put the kettle on and willed his heart to
John woke to fire in his lungs. The room was covered in ash. He slowly pulled himself to his feet, feeling warm liquid running from somewhere near his left temple. He hacked, covered his mouth with the inside of his shirt, and hastily searched the storage in the hall for a gas mask. After five huge gasps, he felt the fire in his chest turn to embers. He flicked on his maglight and began his search for bodies.
John raised his hand and grinned. “Really. I said I’d come, I want to come, so if you don’t mind a third wheel, I believe I’m seeing a ballet for the first time tonight.”
1. (transitive) to construct, pave, or inlay with a mosaic of small tiles
“God, yes.” Callum was at the edge of the stage, weaving through the orchestra pit, until he stood in front of his fiancée. “C’mere.” Molly stood and walked to where Callum was waiting, her feet red and raw from working on pointe for nearly five hours. His hands ran up her pink legs, gripping her thighs where they met the tight line of her leotard. She let a ragged exhale escape from her lips and Callum grinned. “Going my way?”
Sherlock hung his head and squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Christ, John. I’m not being a prat.” John sat seething. Sherlock’s icy eyes found John’s deep ocean blues. John was taken aback by the expression on Sherlock’s face: it was one of pity, and fear, and god forbid, affection? Compassion? No. It could not be. “You are a fine man, John. Bright, kind, clever occasionally. You have put yourself through medical school, which is an accomplishment to take great pride in…”
John stared at the beautiful, tousled, man lying on the bed and felt the now-perfectly-normal prick of tears. Had those words actually left his mouth? Here he was, consulting detective, boy genius, self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath, asking for nothing more than someone, for John, to tell him he loved him. Sherlock Holmes had the best heart of anyone he knew, and he could not think of anyone better suited for sentiment. He never would have guessed...
“What in the actual fuck. This is my third fucking time watching this season and I
There wasn’t a sound. He stood in the living room, trying to record every dust particle, every scrap of paper, every tile on the wall.
“Well you’re here now, so I don’t have to fool with Herr Holmes.” Irene smiled and Molly chuckled, her posture becoming less tense. She opened the door, and Irene filed in behind her.
Callum was practically trembling at the top of the aisle. He was chomping at the bit, rabid to lay eyes on his stunning bride. He was even more eager to slip that tiny symbol of eternity over her gorgeous ring finger, peppered with the tiniest scars.
Molly nodded. “He has several hobbies.”
They stood in silence for a few moments. It wasn’t uncomfortable, at least not for John. He admitted he enjoyed the presence of this multi-talented, oddly attractive chemist, and furthermore, enjoyed knowing Sherlock was just as curious about him.
“Your CV is printed and stored in a clear pocket, which happens to be visible in your bag. You’ve recently run water, I would assume cold, across your face and through your hair, revealing that you might be struggling with a bout of nervousness. One would assume the conversation you were planning to have is an important one. Thus, graduation, future employment, so on and so on. Why else would anyone visit the admissions office?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Jane. You look-”
John blushed, and before the red could sweep his cheeks, Sherlock was standing over him, kissing him. John wrapped his free arm around Sherlock’s back and rocked up onto his toes, making Sherlock a bit easier to reach. He felt the cupids bow curve into a grin against his mouth. “I slept famously, thank you,” he murmured. “Hungry?”
I have three weeks of work left before summer vacation. I will make a valiant effort to disappoint you less after that time. Until then, here are tiny tidbits as I push through the 14th chapter of Satin. Writing is so much like exercise; the longer you go without doing it, the harder it is to start again.
life pass without telling you this… I love you. And to love you has been the most incredible gift I have ever received. I cannot remember my life before you were in it, nor do I wish to picture my future without you there. I was so alone and I owe you so much. You have saved me in hundreds of ways. While I know I am not worthy of your love, please consider giving me the honor of proving my affection for you every day of the rest of our lives. We can die any day, last night was evidence of that, and I want you to know, whenever that happens, that I love you more than myself, more than anything else this earth could ever muster up to offer. Sherlock Holmes, will you marry me?”
John's mouth dropped in disbelief. "A Gryffindor? You know, the Gryffindor House, the home of the brave and courageous? Lions and heroes and Hogwarts, oh my?" Sherlock tilted his head and gave a small shake. "Huh. Okay, well. Finally something I can educate you on."
“Sherlock? Bloody – I’m far more drunk than I thought.” Sherlock chuckled at that, and stood from the sofa. He had been reading the paper. “What time is it?” John asked quietly.
“Tell me everything, John Watson. I even want the dirty details, if there are any.”
“That was John Watson.” He shifted uncomfortably in his seat, trying to target the cause of the heat rising to his cheeks.
“Lestrade, this is Doctor John Watson.”
forget.” Callum offered.
John sat atop the compound, focusing his night vision. The scorching heat had disappeared and now the cold of night was sweeping in, sneaking through his uniform. There were suspicions that an attack may take place on base sometime this week. Political shifts had once again stirred the population in Afghanistan. John had not been able to keep any kind of sustenance down for three days. He was exhausted, weak and well past anxious. The captain leaned back against the mud bricks of the rooftop and watched for heat readings. This was his fourth night shift. Everything was running together.
ˈärdnt/
John’s fingers quietly caressed the line of Sherlock’s jaw, his brow, the outer rim of his ear. He tried to reign in the overwhelming amount of sentiment that flooded him. As he kissed Sherlock, lips smooth and soft and warm above his, he found himself discovering that Sherlock would quench any thirst, emotional, mental, or physical, that John could possibly need. He felt raw and exposed, like Sherlock had found a way to crawl into his body and merge their existence together: their bloodstreams rushing and expanding, their cerebral communications doubling, the gorgeous zapping and flickering of neurons, twice the stability in their bones, twice the strength. Calm snatched John in an unrelenting grasp, his focus present only to discern the smallest, most insignificant details of Sherlock’s body.
