Music floats from the tinny old piano at the side of the stage, gradually building as the scene progresses.  Dean wants to let himself get lost in it, but even without the distracting sound of limbs and chairs being dragged across the floor, he’s gotta keep counting bars like a motherfucker.
He’d dithered over this one a bit.  Not because of the zombie apocalypse thing -- that bit’s true -- but this is the first one where there’s…  well, the first one with a heart or anything like that on it.  That wasn’t why he’d got it, of course.  Yeah, it had been in the Valentine’s section of the website, but
“It won’t be nearly as bad as you think, and it’s only for the duration of this run.  Naomi has a cousin who has kindly agreed to help you by providing individual coaching outside of your rehearsals at Averno.”
Dean steps out of the main doors and breathes in the cool, damp air.  Classes and rehearsals have finished for the day, and he’s aching down to his bones.  Pamela might like him more than Naomi does, but she’s still a slave driver and a sadist.  He just wants to climb into his bed, though it won’t even be dark for at least another couple of hours.  Last night’s late return home thankfully didn’t involve a Sam interrogation, but given the hour he finally got into his own bed and the subsequent hours of swirling thoughts, sleep was...suboptimal, to say the leasts.
Dean waves her off.  “No blowing.  No!  I mean, no steam.  Whatever.  I’m fine.  I’m not interested.”
It’s slightly less daunting this time round.  He knows that Cas liked the last one, so there’s less of a chance he’ll hate it.  Theoretically.  Anyway, he’s gonna do it.  It’s just a card, it doesn’t need to become a thing.
Dean looked up at him, trying hard to hold his edge. “What else was there to lose? What you did to Earth… to humanity… You know, Cas fell to save us. He was cast from Heaven for choosing humankind over the angels. What did
“Quit talking shit,” Dean dismissed him and hid his smile behind his fist with his elbow rested against the car door.
Dean hadn’t wanted to leave. It would have been so easy for him to stay there with their legs tangled together under the covers, the curves of his body moulding perfectly with Castiel’s. And they could have laid there all day, the broken television quiet at the foot of the bed, with the sun rising and setting without interruption. Dean could have rested in the comfortable silence without issue, and he was sure Castiel could too.
friends. Sometimes the complexity of it all was tiring, yet Dean had never found himself wanting it any other way. He never wanted Cas to change. Though maybe he had wanted
Castiel’s eyes slowly drifted up to Dean, peering at him through his lashes with what was either curiosity or contempt—it was difficult to tell which.
Cas sifted through the books and papers on the table and found the newspaper Dean had brought back with the groceries a few hours before. He folded it in half and then in half again, and held it firmly against his leg, attempting to conceal it with his arm. Both Sam and Dean had been keeping him from any outside news. They never verbally barred him from it, but it hadn’t escaped his notice that they always changed the channel from the news whenever he entered the room and tore up the newspapers immediately after reading them. Without a computer he could use, there weren’t any other outlets he could resort to. He understood that the brothers didn’t want him to get involved with the angels. After all, his involvement had been the cause of the literal downfall in the first place. But this obvious dismissal very quickly became frustrating.
“I have an idea,” Dean said, grinning like a mischievous child. He took Cas’ hand and guided him to the kitchen where he knelt down and dug through the various drawers. Finally, he sat back with the roll of Saran wrap and displayed it to Cas in triumph.
“I’m glad he did what he did, Dean,” Sam sighed, “of course I am. But that’s exactly why we should put the cuffs back on.
“You’ve got to stop doing that,” Dean laughed and started the car, “maybe next time I’ll remind you. Or I’ll stick a big bright warning label on it. Waddya say?”
He was still fretting over it when his still moving feet—seemingly magnetised to the kitchen—finally stopped in the doorway. Dean had his back to him, wearing only boxers and an apron around his front, with the handle of a pan held in one hand and a spatula in the other. The hunter moved effortlessly, swaying from one foot to the other, using the end of the spatula as a makeshift microphone. He continued to sing, unaware of Castiel’s presence. Cas’ smile grew, the apples of his cheeks tinted pink with a sensation he could describe but not name. It was a tempest swelling inside his chest—his heart thrumming like the beat had been caught by the inescapable wind. It was the electric surge of lightning coursing from his toes, up his spine, to the back of his neck; the kind that left his skin flush and knees weak. And it was the dark thunderous sky that crept into the depths of his eyes and made his pupils dilate.
Dean lifted his own mug to his lips and took a long drink. When he set it down, he moved it nervously from hand to hand, drawing his index finger around and around the brim. His eyes followed the motion, avoiding Castiel’s heavy gaze.
For once, Castiel refused to look at him, instead glaring at the wall as if wishing to beat through it with his own two fists.
“I didn’t even have to touch you,” Dean said, sounding extremely pleased with himself. He kissed Castiel’s stunned lips. “You better believe I’m gonna make you come like that again.”
“We won’t be gone long,” Dean reassured him, his hand slowly lowering back to his side. “Sam thinks there’s a vamp nest in Marshall County, South Dakota. Should only take a couple days, tops.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel admitted, “you stopped the apocalypse. What use would he be to you? What use am I?”
“That you better,” Cas grumbled, placing his hands over Dean’s and silently insisting on another kiss. Which Dean obliged him without complaint before pulling away and gathering his clothes to change into after a quick shower.
“I found an underlined passage. Corinthians 13: 1-7. And I just thought…” Castiel hesitated. Dean’s body visibly tensed. “I thought you should read it,” he finished finally.
“I’m well aware of your extensive history of having sexual relations with various women…. That’s why I’m simply baffled that you couldn’t seduce a waitress in a quiet bar with no current contenders for her affection. Does my presence distract you?”
Dean’s heart sank, but the need to kiss Castiel didn’t fade. Instead the desperation became less that of a heated desire and more that of sadness. Now he wanted to hold onto the collar of Castiel’s trench coat and never let go. He wanted to bury his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck and close his eyes, hoping the angel wouldn’t suddenly disappear beneath his hands. He wanted his lips to linger tenderly on Castiel’s, a kiss that silently begged;
Dean hesitated. He couldn’t run from this forever. Sam was bound to ask every day for the rest of time until Dean answered. And the longer he delayed, the worse this tension between him and Sam would become—to the point of being utterly unbearable. Each day he refused to deny his feelings for Castiel, the more space Sam would force between him and the angel.
As he toured the bunker, he found himself overlooking all the staple items that had resided there for many years. Instead, he looked at all the small things that Sam and Dean had added. He understood they didn’t have much. The two of them had spent much of their lives in the Impala with only two duffel bags worth of clothes and toiletries, and the numerous weapons stored in the trunk. Since their tragic childhoods, neither of them had had much opportunity to live what one would consider a ‘normal’ life: to live with a permanent roof over their heads; to buy their own furniture and spend many exhaustive hours arguing with a partner over which colour to paint the bedroom walls. In the brief moments they had spent in the white picket fence life, Cas suspected that very little, if anything, had actually been theirs. So how strange it must have been to suddenly find themselves in a home that was as expansive and confounding as them.
“Shit,” Dean muttered under his breath and swiftly walked back, looking behind him to make sure no employees were watching. He quickly took the jar and lid from Castiel and nudged his arm. “What the hell are you doing? You can’t just go around opening everything.”
“That’s… not possible. I mean, you said it yourself. You made it out and he didn’t, right?” Sam pointed out reasonably, trying to remain gentle with his obviously disconsolate brother. But he knew there was no point in being optimistic; Dean would respond best to hearing it from a realist.
Castiel thought that, maybe, just maybe, Dean had finally taken it upon himself to ask what Cas wanted, and had found that it wasn’t more than what he could give.
Castiel reached up and helped undo them, Dean’s hands flustered and clumsy with the top few as he pulled Cas in closer to kiss him. Cas heatedly kissed him back, swiftly finishing the bottom set of buttons and moving down to the zipper of his jeans.
Over the next few days, they abandoned the hotel early in search for another that had hot water. Cas, despite all his other adaptabilities, could not come to terms with a freezing shower every morning and night and took to sleeping in past midday—much to Dean’s displeasure. Trapped in the routine of four hour rests, Dean complained often of having to resist the temptation to wake Cas early despite all his warnings not to. He criticized the utter laziness of it all, and often reminded him of the hours wasted and meals missed; but Cas knew that Dean just missed him.
Castiel was silent. Unmoving. And finally, Dean withdrew completely, and, feeling lost, picked up his overturned chair and sunk back down into it.
“I think I’m gonna go for a drive,” Dean said and picked up the keys from where Sam had set them down.
Castiel carefully mounted the bike and tested the feel of the handles in his hands. Dean settled down behind him, undeniably with some difficulty. The bike was not in fact designed to fit two, but Dean wouldn’t dare give Castiel the satisfaction of admitting it aloud. He was determined to make it work. Scooting in as close as possible, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist and leaned in close so he could hear his instructions.
He kept trying, minutes trickling by without any hope or success. Eventually, time lost all meaning. He suspected he may have been crouched there for an hour. At least that’s what the cramping in his legs suggested. But he refused to adjust. He blamed himself, sure now that this failure was entirely his doing. He gave up for air too quickly, he unclenched his jaw too frequently; he eased his pain when he ought to suffer.
“Right, so they corner me in the quad and decide to throw down with me. Now, obviously that was stupid of them, and what’s a guy to do except defend himself? I bet you’ve never seen so many teenagers on the ground with bloody noses and black eyes. Seriously, I think you’d be impressed. I was on my game. I must have looked like such a badass… but of course I ended up getting expelled. Like it mattered. We never stayed in one place long… Cas?”
His grace would change everything. He knew it and he wasn’t so foolish as to hope against the odds. He wasn’t about to beg Dean to love something he couldn’t. Because what they had would cease the moment that blue light of heaven passed Castiel’s lips, tethering him to a vastness Dean was rightfully averse to. Heaven hadn’t done Dean any favours, the angels had proven themselves deceitful and impervious to empathy, so what affection could be spared for Cas after that?
Dean blinked. Castiel’s point was admittedly valid, even if he had ten arguments to overthrow it: one being that Cas had been the first to throw a punch. “Don’t take it personally… think of it as a precaution,” Dean replied. He dragged a chair from the corner of the room and placed it directly across from Castiel, with a reasonable distance between them. He sat down and waited.
Cas could practically hear the smile that was playing at Dean’s lips. And he could feel Dean’s eyes on him, searching for any sign of acknowledgement; maybe the hint of a smile or a faint nod of his head. Apparently, Castiel’s approval meant a lot to Dean, so he gave an enthusiastic thumbs up.
The wolf swallowed hard and felt the sharp tip of the knife on his skin. As he tilted his head up, the blade followed. There wasn’t a chance of him getting out of this alive. The hunter knew all the tricks in the book, knew what risks lied in trusting a werewolf. “Three days' journey. Follow the stream… There's a clearing. You'll find your angel there.”
“I didn’t want to disturb you,” Cas told him, “you and Sam were busy. I had no right nor reason to interfere.”
“That’s exactly why you don’t want to hear about him. You don’t want to listen to me rambling about him when he’s gone and you’re here,”
A father was supposed to make his children feel safe in such an unsafe world, but John had done the opposite. He had made the boys cautious of people and terrified of monsters. They didn’t have a friend in the world except for Bobby—it was a gift whenever they got the chance to spend a week or two at a time at the old salvage yard. Bobby also had a taste for the drink, but he made efforts to hide it from the boys until they were old enough to understand. And he never drank to an excess where he couldn’t walk or talk, sit or stand.
“Unfortunately, no. They seem to be, uh, keeping it pretty close to the chest, as you say,” Cas said, “it’s not far from here. We should check it out.”
Cas covered his mouth with his hand, at a loss as to how dire the situation was. “I’m sorry?” Castiel offered uncertainly, clearly hoping it was the right response to give.
Cas dared to try again, and this time he traced Dean’s leg from his knee to his hip and then slowly back again. Dean’s hand tightened on his shoulder. Both of them seemed to melt into one another without question, and soon their legs were tangled together, though Cas couldn’t think of when it happened. His hand moved across Dean’s leg to his inner thigh with more certainty and Dean’s breath suddenly hitched.
“Of course you are,” Dean sighed and ran his hand over his face, “you really shouldn’t be. I wish you weren’t.”
They hadn’t spoken much over the last few days. Or rather, they had spoken, but they had never expressed what was actually on their minds. They had both tiptoed around the issue, neither wanting to be the first to mention what had happened that day out on the road. Dean hadn’t enquired further about it and Cas hadn’t divulged anything more. It seemed easier to ignore the concerns they had: that Cas would leave, and that maybe he should.
Dean averted his gaze, afraid of giving away the truth through his eyes—unwilling to admit it to himself that he was the real reason Cas was dead. There was only so long he could blame Lucifer before the truth would catch up with him.
“This is it,” Dean confirmed and got out of the car. He paused before closing the door behind him, his back to Cas as he appraised the cabin one last time. Cas watched on and gnawed on his bottom lip, scooting over to Dean’s open window.
“You knew exactly what you signed up for,” Dean said stiffly, “the angel comes with us or we don’t go at all. If you have a problem with that, feel free to leave. I certainly won’t try and stop you.”
Lest Dean ever give Castiel enough information that would allow him to follow. Suddenly livid, Cas said through gritted teeth, “It was too warm though. Uncomfortable. Like I was being suffocated.”
“Turn over,” Castiel ordered, lifting himself up onto his knees either side of Dean and releasing his wrists so he could move.
When he refused to meet Dean’s piercing gaze, and his mouth didn’t open to speak, Dean pressed the blade down harder against his skin.
Cas was too distraught to stop him. There wasn’t an easy way to describe what had happened to him, and no way to explain that there was nothing that they or anyone else could do to help him.
Dean frowned but made no argument and carefully slid a cup of coffee across the table to him. Cas thanked him with an acknowledging nod of his head and he reached up to grasp the warm cup in his cold hand. As he lifted it to his lips, his hand trembled and his grip of the handle felt loose. He swiftly set the cup down without taking a sip and moved his numb hands into his lap. He couldn’t trust himself to hold anything.
Dean seemed satisfied with that as he resumed kissing and licking at Cas’ skin, right below his ear. As he drew nearer, he put his hands over Castiel’s wrists and held them there, his hips thrusting forward and grinding against Cas’ ass. A soft gasp escaped Dean’s lips and the fine hairs on Castiel’s neck stood on end. His already weak knees buckled for a second. He could simply fall into Dean. The hunter made it that easy.
A hand clasped around his throat and squeezed tight. Cas fought for air. His hands pulled against the cuffs, rattling the chains. The sound echoed throughout the room, encasing them in it. His body was fighting of its own accord, his lungs contracting and mouth opening. His legs kicked and his feet scuffed the floor. But, inside, he had already given up. There was no real fight left in him. He didn’t expect to get out of this alive. And maybe he didn’t really want to.
Sam set the jug of holy oil aside and stood upright. Dean fished a lighter from his own pocket and held it up for Castiel to see, waving it back and forth slowly. “We light this? You’ll never get out of here,” Dean warned him. He flicked the lighter open and poised his thumb in preparation to use it if need be.
“Uh… no,” Cas said sheepishly. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly and scooted even further to the edge of the bed until he had to put one foot on the floor to balance himself. “What are you doing back? Where’s Sam?”
“That would be my foot, Dean,” Cas sighed and wiped hopelessly at his face with his arm but it was too late; the wind was bitter against his lips, nose and cheeks as it blew lazily against his wet face.
“What for?” Dean asked tonelessly. He kept his words sheathed, lest the pain in his voice carved something irrevocable. His hand felt blindly for Castiel’s unfinished beer and seized it with ease as if his suffering was an irrefutable lure for alcohol. But, try as he might, the dregs couldn’t begin to mask the tension, let alone quench it.
“I’ll grab you something to drink,” Dean said, “I don’t know if it’ll help you much… you know, angelic super taste-buds and all that. But it’s the best I’ve got to offer.”
Castiel felt the tightening in his stomach and testicles; the glorious sensations ridding him now of all thought and reason. He laid back on the bed, pumping furiously at his cock, his wrist moving almost disjointedly as he lost the ability to truly control his limbs. His lips parted with a final cry of ecstasy, his eyes closing as he came. Warmth slipped between his fingers, and his movements slowed, stroking himself gently through his high. His chest heaved, his breath hot and heavy against his dry lips, and he sat up uneasily. Weakness robbed his legs of use, the tremors in his knees keeping him sat there at the edge of Dean’s bed. Without even realising it, he had knocked the stack of tapes over and the blankets beneath him were knotted at his lower back. He stared at the blank ceiling for a few moments. Where it once felt like an ever-shrinking tomb, it now felt expansive—endless.
“I want you to come, Dean,” Cas said huskily. He gripped the material of Dean’s boxers and pulled to free Dean’s slick erection. He slid his thumb through the slit, massaged the head, and then resumed stroking the entire length of it. He gently bit Dean’s bottom lip and pulled it between his teeth.
“They don’t know the difference between right and wrong,” Dean said, “they don’t know the sacrifices you have made to do the right thing.”
And to be honest, Dean felt a lot of the bad was his fault. Looking back on the whole life he had lived so far, he always dwelled on all that he felt he should have prevented or should have fixed:  always thinking he should have said this or should have done that. Always: should’ve, would’ve, could’ve.
“This car is so much slower than flying,” he mumbled before opening the door. He ignored the sun as it continued to set at his back: the beacon slowly fading until it was no longer there to call him home.
“I’m really fucking this up, aren’t I?” Dean sighed. “What I mean is, you’ve been a part of our lives for years, Cas. A real big, important part. It feels like there’s a lot here to lose if it goes wrong. And I am man enough to admit that with me, it
. And after everything that had happened over the past few years, he was becoming well acquainted with guilt and regret and sorrow and loss. More than Dean really expected, but as he came to see it more in the angel, he could relate.
secret from Sam, but what if that secret, in the few hours between falling asleep and waking, had vanished?
“Hey, always so dramatic, Cas,” Dean tried to tease, but there was an evident edge to his voice that implied he himself found reason to worry. “Look, nothing is wrong. Really. I just don’t want you getting the wrong idea and making it into something it isn’t.”
Cas readjusted his grip on the newspaper and turned back the way he had come, fleeing down the hallway as quickly as possible before Sam or Dean could see him. He was prepared to run if need be; no matter how suspicious it would look to do so. Were he to be caught, they were sure to confiscate the paper from him whilst muttering some ridiculous explanation for doing so. There was also the matter of returning the newspaper once he was done with it. He still had no idea how he would do this but decided it was a matter to concern himself with at a later time. Right now reading it was far more important, no matter what possible consequences were to follow for doing so.
Another impossible gasp was ripped from Castiel’s throat and he sought to kiss Dean as he continued to press into him. His hips now seemed to move on their own accord, as he too succumbed to the edge of the world and leapt away from it.
Dean shook his head and forced back tears he never wished to shed. He forced back his anger and his fear and his early onset of mourning. He knew something would go wrong. Something always did.
Someone or something had brought Cas back, and Dean doubted it was out of the kindness of their or its heart. No favour was given without expecting something in return, something that seemed a bigger sacrifice than what the favour was worth. So while Dean wished he could just enjoy Castiel’s return and be done with it, he just couldn’t. He couldn’t hold the man in his arms and run off into the sunset, because there would be something sinister waiting for them there.
“Do you remember telling me that I’ve got you? That you’d stick around?” Dean asked finally. “You know, that night when you patched up my wound?”
This wasn’t Castiel’s Earth. He and his fellow angels had allowed their Earth to fall into chaos, the perils of war destroying all that was good. Castiel had been left with nothing but ash and blood, the landscape nothing more than a battlefield on which everyone died. For years he had seen nothing more than a blinding hatred and the disrepair of all that they had done.
“Washed the sheets,” Cas muttered. He sat up properly and turned his back to Dean, feigning the need to stretch. He was terrified of meeting Dean’s eyes; to see the knowledge lurking there in the depths of his pupils; the shadowy threat of blame lingering in wait to grab him were he to look. What Castiel had done emitted more than a sense of embarrassment and fault. He felt unholy. Like the worst filth he could even imagine. Yet, at the time, he hadn’t any reservations and felt no guilt for the glorious pleasure. A part of him believed that he would do it again without more than a brief moment’s hesitance.
Dean stepped into the bar and was immediately hit in the face with the strong scent of alcohol. It was everywhere: bottled, tapped, poured, and spilled into every crevice of the place. It had become part of the building itself over the years. Were it ever to close and sit abandoned for decades, the scent would diminish but never fade entirely. Much like his sharp edges.
He had known never to outright ask it of him, but Dean had always wanted Cas to let go of Heaven. To say aloud that he never wished to go back and no longer cared what his fellow angels said or did.
“Hey, don’t ask me. I don’t follow any of that weird pop music crap,” Dean replied, looking amused as he tossed Cas a packet of chips.
After so long, it was a relief to finally find the time to clean her up and treat her right. Dean knelt down and took extra care with the hubcaps, washing out the thick layer of dried mud. He had already refilled the bucket of soapy water twice, emptying out the murky remains down the drain. It was a time-consuming task, but one he rather enjoyed. Sure, it gave his mind room to wander, but it seemed that today it wasn’t eager to drift too far.
Dean shuffled his feet awkwardly and shoved his hands into his pockets, becoming shy all of a sudden. He leaned in closer to Castiel’s ear and murmured, “I have bath salts.”
He didn’t offer much of a response, just mumbling something incoherent as he climbed quickly under the covers of his bed. Dean smiled a little as he went into the bathroom to also clean up before going to bed. Once the bathroom door clicked shut, Cas breathed out a sigh and closed his eyes, trying to ease himself into a gentle slumber.
“No… I… I’m sorry,” Castiel seemed confused by the prospect. Confused by how the word could be both heavy and meaningless at the same time.
He recalled their conversation the night before about how fiery was not his type, and he had to wonder what Dean’s was. Cas knew of some of the women in the hunter’s past and had occasionally seen him flirting more successfully with barmaids and hotel receptionists amongst many others; but none of them ever really stuck. Dean’s relationships were short lived; usually just existing for a few hours in what Sam referred to as a one night stand, after which they would go their separate ways.
“Ow, that was my hand you just sat on,” Cas sniffed, frowning sleepily at the state of his bed as he scooted further to one side. Briefly, he felt relief that his sheets, for once, weren’t damp with his nightmare induced sweat. He remembered his sleep being perturbed by horrific nightmares, but couldn’t recall what exactly they pertained. By now the memory had all but escaped him, though the twisted mess of sheets implied it wasn’t a memory he would wish to retain anyway.
“Can we forget about it? I’d rather not have my failures hanging over my head like a guillotine,” Dean cleared his throat and then drank half of his water in three large swigs. Dean’s foot moved away from Castiel’s leg.
Castiel shrugged weakly. It was his turn to pace now as he stepped from the door to the back of the cabin and to the door again. But there was no resentment driving him like there had been for Dean—he was just restless and conflicted. This could very well be the last time he would ever see Dean. If he was lucky then he’d get at least a few hours with him, but there was always the chance of the storm clearing even sooner, and then Dean would be lost to him forever.
As he trudged through the rain between the cover over his car and the safety of the gas station, every part of him cried to turn back. He could feel it in the weakness of his legs and the hollowness of his stomach and the weight in his chest and the burning behind his eyes. But he kept going. He kept going all the way up to the cashier and fumbled with his money to pay.
“He understandably thinks very little of us right now,” Cas agreed, melting into the curve of Dean’s body easily, his back and shoulders supported by Dean’s arm.
Dean glared at him across the table and clutched at his cup of coffee, his grip tightening on the handle. He hated how Sam was always right. He hated Sam’s practicality; how he always seemed to perfectly walk that line between optimism and realism. Somehow Dean always felt suffocated by pessimism, and sometimes Sam even told him as much:
Eventually, knowing he couldn’t hide away forever, Cas got out of bed and went to find Dean. He discovered the empty kitchen and checked the war room next, but it was also empty. It felt wrong. These big, open rooms were dense with abandonment. He felt the familiar sense of solitude and rejected it immediately. Cas went to the bathroom next and felt immediate relief when he could hear the spray of the shower through the door.
Dean’s grip tightened on his wrists as he pressed into him. Castiel was struck by the sensation. It was so completing. Dean filled him so entirely. He gasped and then his breath stuttered as Dean withdrew slightly from him before pressing in again. His hands nearly slipped from their position on the wall, but he suddenly needed them there not just because Dean commanded it, but also for stability. Dean’s hands slid around him with his palms pressed to Cas’ stomach, his skin calloused and warm and protective.
. They were both thinking it. Though at the time of the ‘agreement’, Sam had never specified the reasoning behind his request—he hadn’t needed to.
Castiel knew all too well what the angels would do to him; maybe not today, but soon. There had never been any other future for him in choosing to return to the angels, they were never going to forgive him or accept his return to their ranks. They were never going to call him brother, again. The angels didn’t understand the meaning of family, they only understood the cold brutality of slaying one another when one dared to love. Cas had only ever wanted to love humankind. He had fallen for Dean Winchester, in every way imaginable. There was no coming back from that; there never had been.
As Dean tightened around him, Cas felt that tightness in his lower stomach and testicles, and the shaking tension in his legs, and the shivers up the length of his spine. And with Dean’s hand still clasped in his, warm and solid against his naked chest, Cas came with him. Their moans melded together harmoniously. Dean’s seed was warm where it landed on his stomach. Cas lingered inside Dean, not yet daring to part from him.
When the pity reached Sam’s eyes, Castiel knew he understood that fine meant the exact opposite. Cas was far from fine; maybe even the furthest he had ever been. After the chaos and destruction he had caused in Heaven a few years before, Cas hadn’t believed there existed the possibility he could do worse. That there was any more damage to be done. But he had been wrong. The angels had fallen, their wings stripped bare, their entire lives torn apart. Where before he had killed thousands, he may have killed hundreds more and devastated a million others. There was no ‘fine’ after that. Graceless, he had no hope of rectifying what he had done. And he had no strength left in him to try.
For a moment Dean didn’t expect Castiel to speak, considering he had hardly said ten words since they had met. But then Cas tried to lean forward in his chair and the chain pulled tighter around his torso. Were he human, he undoubtedly wouldn’t be able to breathe. “For someone who claims not to be my enemy, you sure made a point of stripping me of my power and taking me prisoner,” he said, his voice low and menacing.
Dean caught Castiel staring at him and smiled awkwardly, his green eyes searching Cas’ blue ones for the reason behind his intrigue, but it was impossible to tell. Even Cas wasn’t entirely sure why. It had been so long since he had seen him last, and he supposed he was looking to see if anything had changed. But no. There remained the familiar stubble on Dean’s chin and the faint freckles across his nose and the pale flecks of gold around the dark pupils of his eyes; even his hair was just as dishevelled as ever, if not more so since he hadn’t yet showered since coming home.
come to it, eventually. Maybe sooner rather than later. Not that time would make it any easier. He wouldn’t be any better off losing him in decades rather than losing him today. Dean felt it was important Castiel knew that—heard the words pass his lips and saw the sincerity in his eyes as he said it. It would be no good to do it over the phone. So, Dean had bitten his tongue. Each phone call was without the honest to god fear of losing one another. It was a conversation they both sidestepped around, choosing to instead talk about everything else, even succumbing to entirely dull remarks about the weather.
Dean hadn’t been able to make Castiel better. He hadn’t been able to cure him. But, god, if he didn’t make living seem bearable; actually even worth it sometimes.
His words had painted a picture in Castiel’s mind of a place that held little appeal to most people, and no appeal at all to him. Since discovering his own taste in soft, melodic music and the comfort of loose pyjamas and the fascination of HBO, Cas was able to determine what experiences he would or would not enjoy without having to actually try them first. And a bar like this was, he figured, one on the not-enjoy-list.
“Find anything interesting?” Dean asked, standing just beyond his shoulder. Cas jumped, startled, still not used to being unable to sense someone approaching. This loss of vital senses left him on edge and easy to frighten.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean said quietly, his breath hot against the skin of Castiel’s cheek as he leaned in closer. “You have to come home.”
And his dreams, having denied himself the right to have them, were too blissful to deny: he and Dean side by side, hands clasped tightly together, the taste of Dean’s kisses still on his lips.
“The TV’s plugged in if you want to use it,” Sam said, gesturing to the television propped up on the dresser in the corner of the room—perhaps the one thing Cas had actually used.
Dean looked back to his screen and took another bite of his toast. “Doubt it. It’ll taste like molecules,” he said as he chewed.
They were different together with the privacy of four walls, with all curious eyes unable to penetrate through layers of brick. Dean had no hesitation in sitting close and touching his skin, his hands occasionally adventuring away from his back to graze his ribcage or his thighs. Dean was always touching him in some capacity, only withdrawing to change sides on whichever tape that was playing. Cas wondered what changed. Why did it matter if someone was there to witness them? It all seemed perfectly innocent—sometimes even disappointingly so. There was so much more he wished to do, and so many ways he would love to be touched. But, alas, these daydreams never came to pass.
“You sure? You could, I don’t know, get some pancakes? Put some maple syrup on there, a little bacon on the side… crispy but with a little fat on it—”
At least it seemed a grateful effort to make use of what Sam and Dean had gifted him, so he carefully shaved, only cutting himself once. He rinsed away the remainder of the shaving cream and delicately pressed a small dot of toilet paper over the cut, the tissue quickly sticking with a fine, red spot in the middle. In the mirror, what almost resembled his old self looked back at him. He sighed. Perhaps he was imagining it, but he swore he already looked older. Maybe it was because he certainly felt like it. Like his bones were turning to stone. Each joint ached upon sitting down and standing up. Looking closer, he touched the pale bags under his eyes and wondered if all humans were this aware of their bodies slowly but surely wasting away. What a curse that must be, were his assumptions right. He again felt a newfound sympathy for people, and a hatred for his father who so clearly created humanity this way: so impermanent and fragile.
Dean snapped a cassette into the stereo and automatically turned up the volume, effectively driving any and all thoughts from Castiel’s mind, replacing them with a more intense hammering inside his head. He winced and sat the coffee down between his knees so he could rub his temples firmly. It seemed a dangerous idea to try and climb into the front seat, not just because the car was travelling at what was surely close to 80mph; if not faster, but also because he couldn’t possibly get closer to those speakers without throwing up. He leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes for a few moments, almost wishing he hadn’t woken up at all this morning. But there was no way he could get back to sleep now; not with Dean’s music playing loud enough to vibrate through his chest, and so he decided to make the best of it and quietly drank his coffee.
Dean remained focused on the road, his jaw still all sharp edges and his lips hard-pressed in a thin line. Cas tried to appreciate the scenery as it flew past his window, the canopy of trees blurring into one another. He didn’t have to look at the gauge to know what Dean was speeding, but he offered no comment on the matter, aware that Dean most likely sped more often than not. He trusted that the hunter knew what he was doing.
Cas immediately stepped around the corner and placed the beers down onto the table, and then sat down opposite them. He crossed his ankles and sipped timidly at his beer, acutely aware of the uncomfortable silence. Looking up, he realised he was under their scrutiny. Sam and Dean threw purposeful glances between each other and Cas, Dean clearly nagging Sam with his eyes to say something. Cas furrowed his brow in confusion.
“You’ll need something to keep yourself occupied in the morning,” he explained and stood upright, “that’s when you found time, isn’t it?” He realised that that was the only time period in which he and Dean weren’t together—when Dean was up and about and he wasn’t. He smiled smugly at having deduced as much so quickly.
“Uh, I thought you were Sam,” Dean said, a pale pink appearing at the apples of his cheeks. Slowly, he tugged the hem of his shirt down, somehow trying to make it into a dress of sorts. By doing so, the shallow V-cut deepened, revealing the anti-possession tattoo on his chest.
Another horrible silence followed. Castiel was becoming all too acquainted with them and he settled into it with weary acceptance. It could consume him if that’s what it desired. He would stay still and quiet for as long as it took to finish him.
It seemed such a small feat; a meagre speck of time in contrast to the years spent with the scent of alcohol on his breath. But it meant a lot to him. And staying dry for many more weeks or months or years to come didn’t seem like such a ridiculous notion anymore. It felt possible—
“This whole angel-to-human stuff still bothers you. I know that and I get it. But I don’t get why you won’t just talk about it,” Dean continued once Castiel was settled against his side.
He watched as Sam set a steady pace sterilizing, snipping, and pulling the stitches from the wounds. He made it look like easy work, his fingers focused but his mind free to drift from the task at hand to things perhaps more trivial. Cas could see the distraction behind his eyes and thought it comforting that Sam didn’t consider this particularly demanding. There was nothing to fear here; Castiel was healing. The danger had passed. There was reassurance in this long and contented silence.
“Oh come on, I might know what it is,” Dean implored teasingly, “I’m sure you have a lovely singing voice.”
Eventually the pink in his cheeks faded. He opened one of the magazines Dean had given him and found that he did in fact like it more than the one he had purchased the previous day. The articles here were longer and more informative and didn’t rely on rumours but rather on studies and facts. It was logic he could understand, some of which he already retained more knowledge on since he had been there to witness the process of how things evolved and the intricacies of the universe.
“Woah, easy there,” Dean had retorted as he had quickly tried to regain his balance and saved himself from falling off the edge of the bed. “I know you hate mornings, but Jesus…”
“No, you’ve always got a choice,” Dean corrected him, “and I think maybe you just made the choice you really wanted to.”
“Cas?” Dean was hesitant. Suddenly he wasn’t so sure anymore that he’d find what he was looking for. “Do you know where you are?”
“Before the apocalypse, I hadn’t been on Earth since the Middle Ages when food was hard to preserve and transport, and frequently difficult to buy,” Castiel explained, “how was I to know a supermarket would be this extensive?”
Dean blinked in surprise and quickly suppressed a smile. “If you want,” he agreed and half turned away to retrieve a second sponge. He slowed and watched as Castiel refilled the bucket with water and soap. Dean could see his hesitation and uncertainty. Never had Castiel bothered to do such a mundane activity. But Dean suspected he may actually enjoy it. There was something so freeing about these brief moments in which he could slow down and be normal. Sometimes normality seemed like such a distant idea that Dean almost forgot what it felt like and what it entailed. And it sometimes felt like it was too much to ask for. Almost as if this were a hole he had dug himself into and had to claw is way out of without the world gifting him the ease of a ladder. He never took it for granted; whatever chance he had to work on the car, buy groceries, or do a load or two of laundry.
He felt a desire for Dean, a true and most passionate yearning to be with him. He felt a want so strong that he oftentimes couldn’t help but to selfishly take; never having left Dean before now without some lingering and uncontrollable intention to return.
Castiel and Dean waited—Dean ready to follow after him if he sensed trouble. They both watched the steadily shrinking portal and Castiel reached out his hands to touch it. Dean caught his wrist.
, Cas. The angel had come into his life and there was just no taking him out of it. There was just so much good that couldn’t be undone. Castiel’s constant readiness to bleed for the Winchesters couldn’t be overlooked—could never be tainted.
Castiel took a moment to half deconstruct his burger; inspecting each element in turn from the meat patty to the onions and the tomato and lettuce and pickles and cheese. It stopped there when Dean, with his mouth full, suggested he try eating it rather than looking at it. Castiel nodded and pieced it back together, mimicking Dean’s way of eating with fervour after squashing it down and taking a brave bite.
Suddenly, a hand appeared by his head with a glass of water held out in offering. He wordlessly took it and investigated the contents of the glass, wondering why something so pure was making him feel all the more sick. He wrinkled his nose in mild disgust and went to set the glass down beside him on the floor.
But Castiel realised that these desires could not be granted by just anyone. It didn’t matter if someone was there to listen and touch and just
“You think I’ve forgotten?” Dean grumbled, “You don’t need to keep telling me every ten god damn minutes.”
“Humour me, Cas. If you had the chance to be an angel again, would you take it?” Dean pleaded and finally looked at him.
The nightmares had turned savage over the past few nights and he had begun waking from them again numerous times throughout the night. Sometimes he swore he had seen Dean awake and watching him, but, at closer inspection, the hunter always appeared to be undisturbed; his lips slightly parted in an effortless slumber. Castiel still had no intention of mentioning these restless nights to Dean; assuming that he had enough to worry about without him burdening him further. But Cas was often tempted to say something; pushed by the horrors that flashed behind his eyelids each time he closed them, and the self-loathing that followed him upon waking to the reflection he saw in the mirror. Dean had a way of making him feel better without needing to try, but Cas felt it would be selfish to ask anything of him while the two of them were barely speaking. He now hoped that perhaps in future they could have what once was and then the nightmares would settle back into an unfortunate part of his rest rather than a complete disruption of his life.
Castiel knew Sam must have just woken up to find Dean’s bed empty. Cas imagined how disconcerting a sight that would be, considering the lives that they lived.
“For someone that hates to remind me, you were hardly hesitant to remind me,” Cas pointed out, “but if you must know, I don’t have any reservations about illegally obtaining a vehicle.”
“A hunter spotted you in a diner and called me straight away. He kept an eye on you as long as he could, but he lost you some ways off from that rundown old shack. We had to drive down every dirt road and dead end until we found it and even then, we weren’t so sure.” Sam said.
“There’s a lot to miss, Dean. My home. My family…” Cas wrung his hands in his lap. He’d promised himself he wouldn’t talk about this—especially not with Dean of all people. But the hunter had a way of dragging it out of him, and his hand was now more purposeful on his leg; more present.
him. In his peripheral vision, Cas saw Dean sidle in closer, one hand reaching out for his side. Cas moved out of reach.
“I get it, Cas. I do,” Dean said, “all this stuff with the angels and Heaven… yeah, it’s a lot. But you can’t blame yourself forever. No matter what you believe, this
“It isn’t appetizing,” he said honestly. He seemed to consider it for a moment before elaborating further. “But the molecular structure is… passable,” he decided finally.
“I’d prefer it if you didn’t bring God into this,” Castiel urged gently, “I haven’t high hopes that this in any way plays into His plans. Though, that’s assuming he’s even still around with plans to have.”
Sophia hesitated. Castiel could see her shoulders soften. Her arms fell away from her chest and hung limply at her sides. She had called to him, lost and confused and frightened. A part of her had to believe that he could help her. A part of her had to know that he would want to. She wouldn’t have called otherwise… unless… unless help was never on her mind. Unless only revenge was.
Dean nodded once and looked back to the road with a smile still lingering on his lips. Though now there was something uncertain and sad about it. Something almost lost and out of place; like he were smiling only to conceal whatever burden was behind it.
Castiel felt empty and incapable of standing on his own two feet. He leaned back into Dean, fading away with his hard kisses and the soft sighs of his breath at his back. Dean’s hands were shaking again and his thumb nervously caressed Cas’ hipbone, tracing back and forth along it soothingly. Dean gently turned Cas around in his arms, and Cas was struck by the fury burning in his green eyes. His pupils darted right and left, searching Cas through and through for something he had failed to capture before. Something that escaped his understanding—whatever it was that made Cas so fleeting and vague.
“That was a bonehead move back there. You could have gotten yourself killed. Why didn’t you wait for me?” Dean slammed the trunk of the Impala shut, struggling to contain himself, though he managed to censor out any and all swearwords he wanted to use.
Dean had started to feel that energy again, and he tried so hard to ignore it. It felt heavy in his chest. It weighed down on him, because he thought it was just him longing for Castiel. Then, as it gradually grew stronger, he thought it was false hope; which was so much worse.
“Cas? What is that? What are you watching?” Dean asked, almost shouting over the noise of Breaking Bad. “Who’s talking? ... Is that Walter White?”
“It’s part of the job,” she said plainly, holding her pen poised to paper in wait for their order. She gave Dean a once over but her expression remained blank, the smile instantly fading into a near scowl. Evidently she was used to being hit on by her patrons, probably even hearing much cruder comments that focused less on her face and more on her body. She wasn’t having any of it.
The man had appeared at his front windows in an indecently clingy UCSD shirt, and running shorts that seemed to accentuate his legs even more than the now-infamous comedy boxers. What he’d said to Sam wasn’t completely inaccurate; he was in the middle of disinfecting the pastry display cases, and had no intention of socialising whilst in an apron, hairnet, and rubber gloves up to his elbows. The dude’s face had been flushed, sweaty hair falling into his face, and honestly, it was just outrageous. Seeing the clip on Sam’s computer had been one thing. Seeing the man in the
Dean just grumbles, and picks at his napkin.  The plate of pie remains untouched between them, which Charlie seems to take as a more serious indicator of his mood than anything he’s said so far.  She leans across the table.
Dean scowls.  “Charlie, it’s not about that.  I just want to make him happy.  He fucking hates being stuck here all the time.”
Before Dean can reply, Cas rushes over to the bar and asks a server to put it back to the beginning.
If I get one more message asking me to do something anatomically improbable, I can’t promise I won’t commit homicide.
“No, don’t leave it there, Adam’ll trip over it when he comes up, and then there’ll be paperwork, and then Rowena will kill all of us.”
know that Bela is a demon from hell, but that doesn’t change the fact that she’s hot, and currently wrapped around him as they emulate some pretty acrobatic sex, which is hardly an unfamiliar situation for them.  He counts furiously, trying to draw all his concentration to dancing at his best, and ignoring the body writhing against his.  He seriously needs to get laid if he’s this flustered from work.
The dancers perform the familiar synchronized movements almost automatically, the mirrors reflecting pale fabric and gracefully extended limbs.
He brushed one dry finger lightly over his hole, filling in the sensation in his mind.  Did Jimmy have a beard?  Would he be rubbing the skin of Dean’s thighs raw as he ate him out?  His cock jerked and dripped onto the covers.
Cas positions their hands, ready to start, and indicates to his new friend that the music can start.  Dean smooths a hand down Cas’s flank, the feel of his body heat through the crisp cotton of his dress shirt irresistible.  This close, he can smell Cas’s shampoo from his shower, and a hint of smoky aftershave underneath.  It’s a scent he could get easily addicted to.
With that, Cas stops waiting for Dean to get with the programme, and grabs his hand.  He pulls Dean to the centre of the floor, and Dean looks around surreptitiously at the peering diners.  It’s a Thursday, so the restaurant’s pretty empty at least.  Not too many people there to judge or mock.  Maybe this will be okay.
Cas makes a noise of frustration and tears at his hair, turning his back to Dean.  When he spins back, he’s angrier than Dean’s ever seen him.
She huffed at him.  “Well, can you blame me for worrying?  My roomie’s having smell-hallucinations.  Smellucinations.  Whatever.”  Dean snorted.  “Have you asked Jo?”
As he wallows in his entirely self-induced misery, there’s a soft knock on his bedroom door, and an envelope slides under it.  Dean scowls.  What?  Is Cas gonna yell at him via snail mail?  Is this just to tell him he’s moving out to live with someone more functional and well-adjusted?
“I’m sorry that I was a nightmare to work with.  I’m sorry that I let my own internal bullshit get in the way of things.  I’m sorry…”  Dean takes a gulp of too-hot coffee.  “I’m sorry that I hurt you.”
Cas arches an eyebrow.  “You seemed far less inhibited that time we were here during club hours, and without further information I can only assume that was down to alcohol, the different style of music, or both.  Consider this testing a hypothesis.”
“The movement needs to be more exaggerated, but also very smooth.  You need— actually, step a bit closer, it’ll be easier to show you how it combines with the steps this way.”
Cas smiled devastatingly at him, then took his coffee, pastry, and face away from the café.  When Dean gathered his wits enough to turn back around, Charlie was smirking at him.  Oh no.
Cas smiles.  “I should have known.  How did you end up in San Francisco?  I thought Texas had its own professional company?”
, ‘both our languages’, which implies a certain familiarity and proficiency in both, and–” The chat pinged again, this time several times in a row, and he turned back to the screen frowning.  “if you have questions, you’re welcome to unmute yourselves to ask.”
Dean lifts the front of his tank to wipe at the sweat on his face.  It’s pretty sodden itself, so it doesn’t help even a little.  He shuffles with the rest of the dancers to huddle around Rowena for notes.
Dean bites back the answer he wants to give; he likes Eileen, and she’s not nearly as meddlesome as Sam.  “Nope, just out to dinner with a friend.  See you both later.”
The sound of deep, over-controlled breathing permeates the room as the dancers hold their positions, a light coating of sweat the only indicator of exertion as they maintain the illusion of weightless effortlessness.
“Obviously I’m going to choose door number two, Monty.  Don’t avoid the question.  You’re emoting like a real boy.  Why?”
Dean attempts to connect this statement with anything that would make it make sense in the context of their lessons.  Then it dawns on him.
“Dean, you’re a dancer.  I understand that this is difficult for you, but you can’t afford personal space.”
Dean tugged the stupid ears from his head and threw them to one side, paying no attention to where they landed.  He sat heavily back on his bed, leaning back onto his pillows ready for what he thought - what he really hoped - was coming next.
It was already a weird time to be starting a new job.  Castiel knew that.  Taking on a teaching position halfway through the academic year?
” she said, punctuating the last words with a prod to his chest.  “All you’re doing is asking him about your mystery smell.  What could go wrong?”
, there would be an element of momentum involved, but it must be tightly controlled.  Although I will be generating some lift myself, the majority of the effort will be through your core strength.  It’ll be a direct over-head lift, straight arms.  One arm, if you can manage it.”
“Got an external webcam for this re-zoom-ion thing.”  Fuck, Charlie’s worn him down.  “Just plugging it in so I can watch everyone’s poxy faces on the TV instead of cricking my neck over the laptop.”
The music recommences, and Dean guides Michael a few steps towards the centre.  Teaching Angelo how to fight comes so easily.  Perhaps he’s finally loosening up, and Rowena was onto something when she set him up with extra coaching.  But then again, getting up in someone’s space for fighting reasons has never bothered him.  This is basically just like when he taught Sammy to throw a punch without breaking his fingers.  He’s been fighting as long as he’s been dancing — correlation and also a little bit of causality.  If there’s one thing his dad taught him, it was the importance of protecting yourself when people are gonna assume things about you.
Meandering back from another Cas-mandated tequila trip, Dean pulls up the front of his shirt to wipe his face, flapping it a bit to try and generate a breeze against his stomach and chest.
“I know it’s a bit pathetic to get your own birthday cake, or pie I suppose, but I only just recently moved here, just before lockdown, and this is my first birthday by myself.  My brother lives a few hours away, but I don’t know anyone else in the area, and–”
Cas still looks less-than-ecstatic, for some reason; like being told you’re hot is some kind of terrible burden to bear.  But at least any confusion has been cleared up.
“A regular flat white please, a ‘six feet, motherfucker’ croissant to have in…and a Pie of the Day with a ‘happy birthday’ flag in a to-go bag.”
Cas sucks in a breath and pulls Dean in, in through the gate, in through the apartment door.  The transition is missing some details, Dean unable to take his eyes or his hands off Cas.  The front door closes with a click, and Dean’s already-minimal bravado leaves him all at once.  He lets go of Cas’s hand, and shoves his hands in his pockets, suddenly feeling out of place.
Dean backs towards his room, trying not to drop any of the various tech devices.  “Hey, thanks for joining me bud, but you know what, I’m actually getting a bit of a headache, so I’m gonna call it a night.  So, night!”
“Yes, thank you for stopping by.”  Rowena leans back in her chair, considering him.  Dean tries not to fidget.  “This is the situation.  We’re taking something of a gamble on you, my boy.  You’re a good dancer, but you could be great if you got out of your own head once in a while.”
Charlie gets cut off as Dean swipes to end the call.  He’s not particularly bothered by what she’s said about Dean’s new habit.  It makes him happy, and more importantly, it seems to be working to make Cas happy.  He grabs his laptop, and opens up the tab showing the card that’s due to arrive tomorrow.
But on his return, it really did seem like he’d have to do something soon, otherwise he was going to completely lose the will to live.  Grindr would, at least, weed out a large proportion of his students from the demographic.  And it wasn’t like he was shy about his sexuality; he’d spent long enough in the closet and wasn’t about to climb back in again in his thirties.
been there.  He’s stood outside the peeling doors twice a week, every week, and not once has the club been open.  Maybe he shouldn’t have kept bothering after the first time, but he couldn’t help but hope that, at some point, Cas would turn up.  Plus, he can’t go back home too early on Tuesdays and Thursdays any more, or Sam would catch on that he’s no longer having the classes and play Sherlock until he got to the bottom of things.  No, it’s better like this.
On the other hand, the most attractive person on the planet, with thighs like tree trunks and a face that would make an ancient greek sculptor cry, had apparently decided that P&V was The Place To Be almost every day of the week.  But Dean had never heard him talk about anything other than his coffee order, and even Dean liked to know a bit of substance about his potential date-mates before making any rash decisions.
saying that.  Dean drops his kit bag and flounders while Cas, apparently unruffled, turns to the bar and plugs his phone into an aux cable.
“Eileen, obviously.”  Charlie deposits herself down on the side of his bed and prods him sharply in the ribs.  “I haven’t seen you in like two weeks.”
His brain pings a familiarity alarm, and Dean frowns.  When he realizes what it is, he waves a fork at Cas.
The typing bubble appeared and disappeared a few times before a new message came through.  Perhaps he wasn’t the only one erring on the side of caution.
Dean feels deeply suspicious.  He knows this is Cas...unless the guy has a secret twin, maybe.  But he’s practical unrecognisable since the guy’s fucking
.  He grabbed a pressed shirt and suit jacket from the half-empty wardrobe, hangers clattering to the floor, and pulled a tie from a drawer almost as an afterthought before dashing up the stairs to his computer.  His hair was undoubtedly a mess, but besides that, at least his visible half looked somewhat presentable.
Dean’s pulled from his recollections by Charlie’s sceptical face on his phone.  That’s not the reaction he’d expected.
“I don’t think Queens get called Your Grace, do they?  I kind of like it though.  Anyway, stop distracting me.  Did you get the Zoom deets for the re-zoom-ion?”
“Michael, great thinking with the positioning on your front.  We’d like to keep that.  Now, Dean, if you could be lower down in the car, that would be just fantastic.”
Dean pounds up the stairs, Bela wrapped around him like a bony koala.  His thighs burn as he reaches the top, and her long nails rake through his hair.  As he releases her, she pushes away from him and begins disrobing, pulling the straps of her dress down her arms and exposing her bra.  She shoots him a flirtatious smile as she backs through the door, and Dean follows her.  He pulls his shirt over his head, throwing it carelessly to the floor, and stalks towards Bela as she slips out of her dress.
There’s a natural lull in the conversation as they both digest the new information, and adjust their mental images of each other.
They’re both saved by the arrival of Eileen, who’s squinting suspiciously at them as she comes in.  Dean hurriedly removes his leg from the countertop and plasters on a winning smile.
“Apologies, I got carried away.  Especially since this is just meant to be about modifying your ballet style, not about making you a Latin & ballroom champion.”  Cas looks slightly abashed, and there’s something about this tiny sliver of vulnerability, a peek behind the concrete curtain, that draws Dean in.
“But hey, if you’re looking for entertainment, you could always join me?  If you want to, I mean.  No pressure.  There’s a reason I haven’t spoken to these morons since high school.”
After much rummaging, he finally found his running shoes in a box under the kitchen sink, covered in an inordinate number of candy wrappers.
“Wait, that came out wrong.”  Dean bit his lip and reached for Cas’s hand.  “I think you’re gorgeous.  The hottest thing since hot pockets.  You’re also just…”  He cast around for the right words.  “...just,
Dean tries to muster the energy to protest, but he can only nod weakly.  He knows he hasn’t been on top form in rehearsals, and wouldn’t blame them for calling in an understudy.  Rowena’s stance softens slightly.
Cas hums thoughtfully, and squints at the paper on the coffee table.  “Well, we’ve ticked off ‘pyramid scheme’, ‘obsessed parents’, and ‘guy you don’t have any recollection of at all’ from the main bingo card.”
Dean blinks.  Talk about information overload.  Not what he’d expected from the guy who was such a dick to him only an hour before.
“I dunno, I don’t want to bore him with a bunch of sucky people he doesn’t even know.  But it’s not like he has other plans, thanks ‘rona.  Depends if he’s pissed with me, I guess?  He’s been a bit funny today since the mail came.”
Dean turns, brain still firmly occupied in the other direction, but it’s not Charlie who’s trying to get his attention.  He clears his suddenly-dry throat and tries not to look petrified.
Dean still can’t find his voice, but nods.  Charlie lets go of his face only to hug him tightly, then shoves him in the direction of Rowena’s office.  He pauses to gather his wits, and feels the first thrill of the news truly sinking in.  He’s going to be a principal dancer in the next Averno production.  This is it.  This is what he’s working towards for the last— god, he doesn’t even know how many years.  Holy shit.
The track switches over into familiar territory, and they both fall into their practised routine without any discussion.  Everything flows so much better and makes so much more sense when they’re close like this, when they can barely take their eyes off each other and they’re breathing the same air.
Dean sighs.  Charlie means well, but Dean knows he’s right about this, no matter how many times they have the same argument.  It’s no point trying to rehash it now, because she just never lets it go.
He woke up with a feeling of dread that he couldn’t place until he looked over at his phone.  Bracing himself, he turned it on, and set it to one side so that it could blow up while he made himself coffee.  Predictably, there were roughly eleventy bajillion notifications from Grindr.  Why hadn’t he just deleted the app last night?
Dean lets himself be drawn into Cas’s space.  It feels natural at this point to wrap his arms around Cas; one firm around the small of his back, and the other hand at his neck.  His judgement and coordination are slightly off, and Dean
Dean breathed in, calming himself and getting another slight whiff of the scent he’d been chasing all week.  “You’re right.  I’ll ask him.  It’ll be fine.”
Dean flushes as Cas reaches his hips, bypassing the little bit of tummy he’s never quite been able to shift.  This is a far cry from Pam sneaking up behind him and pulling his abs up and in to improve his posture, and he feels self-conscious.  Somehow, this feels even more exposing than having fake-sex with a coworker in front of a dozen other people.  He takes a deliberate, steady breath.
,” is the only response from Cas’s side of the bed.  Dean should’ve guessed he’d be even more of a grumpy fuck when he’s tired.  For some reason, the thought makes him smile.
or whatever bullshit imagery Cas had most recently tried, but he can tell from Cas’s expression he’s still not getting it right.  On top of that, he feels fucking ridiculous.
Cas pauses where he’d started crawling up the bed towards Dean and drops his head to Dean’s sternum.  “Can we
It wasn’t that Dean had completely ruled out the option of asking Cas out.  He was happy to test the waters in his own way and his own time.  His own way generally involved turning up the flirting to eleven and leaving subtlety at the door.  But, bewilderingly, it seemed to have absolutely no effect.  And that made him feel...fine, actually.
With that, Charlie logs off and leaves the break-out room otherwise empty.  Dean springs up from the couch and snaps the laptop shut.
Cas nods, and they walk in tense silence to the Starbucks on the corner.  Dean insists on buying the drinks — he still owes Cas from last time — and thankfully Cas doesn’t take too much convincing.  Once the coffee is poured and he can’t put it off any longer, Dean makes the dreaded journey to where Cas has found a table and is steadily shredding a paper napkin, eyes fixed into the middle distance.
“No, please, Dean.  I’ve been extremely unprofessional, and I shouldn’t have let personal feelings get in the way of my work.”
“Right, because you’ve been so chatty and relaxed and not at all a total uptight weirdo during rehearsals.  What’s your major malfunction?”
Rowena looks at her watch.  “Given that we don’t have much time left today, and also don’t have the upper half of the set delivered yet, we’ll skip over the end of this piece and move on to the next part.  Luca, Angelo: get comfortable would you, boys?”
They walk in silent companionship, occasionally exchanging smiles.  Dean feels like he’s walking on air.  When’s the last time he had dinner with a friend?  When did he last feel this comfortable with someone other than Sam?  Cas starts to rummage for his keys as they approach his building.  He swipes a fob against a keypad on the wall and the outer gate clicks open.  Cas pushes open the gate and wraps a hand round the lock to stop it closing, as he turns back to Dean.  His eyes take a little longer to make the journey, and when they finally reach Dean’s, they’re filled with both heat and uncertainty.
A glimpse of red hair to rival Charlie’s gives away the Director’s presence at the centre of the gaggle.
Next problem: his usual online handles were out of the question.  ‘Castiel’ wasn’t exactly a common name, and even his initials could be a giveaway.  He’d used AngelofThursday in the past, but even that would be too revealing with a quick Google.  In the end he went with a diminutive of his middle name, and added his birth year in the hope of fending off anyone significantly younger or older.  Listen, nobody had ever accused Castiel of being imaginative.
Dean ran to his room with the offending item, and locked the door just in time for Sam to throw himself ineffectually at it.
Dean leans forward to grab the Fire stick thingy and clicks on OK to join the new room.  “I’m really not sure I’m into this Speed Dating-style format.  Who d’you reckon we’ve got this time?”
.  Ten whole friggin’ months -- and counting -- of hand sanitiser and masks and basically not leaving the apartment except for increasingly twitchy grocery runs.
He hears the low murmur of concerned voices in the hall, Eileen clearly trying to peer pressure Sam into bothering Dean more.  Thankfully he doesn’t cave in, and Dean is left to wallow in peace.
.  The coaches don’t halt the rehearsal.  The sky doesn’t fall in.  He ignores the jeers, and dances on to the end of the scene.
Realisation doesn’t hit Dean all at once.  It dawns on him slowly, like when you’re hungover and you think you’re gonna get away without throwing up, but it creeps up on you.
“Y’know, thighs like hams. He’s been by a couple of times, actually.” Dean said, with what was definitely an excellent impression of nonchalance that would convince everybody.
But they both knew it was more than that. They both knew what was happening, and they both knew why. And maybe they both knew what this meant for them—because Castiel certainly did. Yet, despite all his guilt, Cas decided to delay the inevitable for as long as he could. He was going to take Dean’s love for as long he could get it.
The image drifted out onto the street, casting over its location once before his mind was returned to him.
Castiel leaned against the table and lowered his ear closer to the speakers. And then he smiled. It was the slightest upturn at the corners of his lips, but Dean saw it, and his own heart fluttered. Actually, it pounded hard a few times in his chest, and he heard the beat in his ears. He gestured to the other tapes, silently inviting Castiel to look through them as he pleased, though of course, he wouldn’t recognise any of the bands. It didn’t seem to matter as Castiel looked through them anyway, reading the names with interest, even going so far as to set aside some he must be interested in listening to.
open.” Castiel raised his hand out towards the portal and tested a step closer to it. “It’s simultaneously pulling everything in and pushing everything out.”
Sophia hesitated but ultimately stepped over the cobblestone to an empty pail in the corner. She turned on the tap at the wall and stood waiting for the bucket to fill. She looked back at Castiel, her lips taut in a thin line, her eyes riddled with second thoughts she wasn’t quite daring enough to voice. Once the bucket was full, she carried it over. The second angel pushed Castiel’s knees down and parted his legs, giving her room to set the bucket down between his thighs. His arms suddenly fell slack as the cuffs were freed from the chains in the wall, and he was eased forward until his face hovered at the water’s edge.
Castiel shuddered with genuine disgust and wrinkled his nose at the horrendous memory of sitting hunched over the toilet with the entire contents of his stomach emptied into the bowl. He could practically taste the bitter tang of bile just from the thought alone. Shaking his head, he quickly rejected the trauma and swallowed hard.
“At a gas station in Sioux Falls,” Dean explained, “after the vamp nest in Marshall County we went to a suspected poltergeist case in Huron, which turned out to be a big, fat dead end. Then Sam insisted we check out an odd death in Baltic which turned out to be a genuine haunting. Now we’re stopping by Sioux Falls.”
There were some illegible murmurings which Cas couldn’t understand, though he got the sense that Dean agreed. They had already decided that Cas couldn’t be trusted to rectify the mess he had made. He dipped his head in shame, the internal guilt intensifying. His mistakes had become their burden, and he wished only to take it from them. He never expected or wanted them to suffer the consequences of his actions.
“I’ll be the judge of that,” Castiel retorted and grabbed Dean’s arm and wrapped it around the back of his neck and slid his own arm around Dean’s waist to help him stand. Dean grunted in protest but didn’t push Cas away now and instead leant into him; the blood loss making all the colour drain from his face.
to leave. Dean had once asked him to stay, and Cas had once promised that he would. This broken promise was a betrayal of trust. Cas was a falsehood; he was a lie encased in a warm body that Dean could only love and hold so long as it wasn’t abandoning him while he slept. Of course, Dean was angry. Cas couldn’t push him further; he couldn’t ask forgiveness for what he’d done, just to ask again for what he was about to do. It was too much too soon, and Cas was biting away the words his needs urged him to say.
Dean thought idly that perhaps he had been spoiled in that whenever Cas disappeared, he always came back. Hell, he’d watched Castiel explode at the snap of Lucifer’s fingers and still come back all in one piece. Cas was the only reassurance he had that God was still around, or that he even really existed in the first place.
Everything was a complete disaster. It was probably an abysmal plan to begin with, but he never expected for it to fall apart quite so tremendously. Cas was up to his elbows in flour—which was a place he had never once found himself in before and hoped never to be again. The apple mixture on the stove appeared to be fast bubbling over; he didn’t think it was supposed to
“Dean? Are you okay?” He asked, his hand itching to reach over and shake Dean’s shoulder or to settle on his knee or thigh. He just needed to touch Dean and feel the lingering warmth of his skin or even just the shallow movements of his body as his chest rose and fell with heavy breaths. He needed any reassurance he could get that Dean was safe.
Now that he was stuck inside—totally at one with—a human body, perhaps Castiel’s sharp edges were beginning to soften too. But, that wasn’t
“Here’s your key. If you have any problems, feel free to contact me here at the desk,” the receptionist said politely and Dean took the key from her outstretched hand, and gestured for Cas to follow him.
Thanks for reading, guys! Please leave any comments you might have as they well and truly motivate me and make my day! I'll hopefully have the next chapter up in a week or so! Keep an eye out for more!
Dean blinked in surprise. Castiel had been so severe from the very beginning about the dangers of Nephilim, and yet he so swiftly softened to the idea of letting one live. The very prospect of killing Dean had struck something so human and emotive within him that his once unwavering stance collapsed into a state of disrepair. Dean could see complete surrender in his eyes and in the guilt-ridden dip in his posture. He knew that Castiel wouldn’t dare strike a blow to Jack without Sam’s permission.
“Fucked a guy?” Dean supplied for him. He seemed to think about it for a second before correcting himself. “Or been fucked by a guy?”
But Castiel had never had that before. His normality was nothing but war and chaos, bodies at his feet with the scorched wings of his brothers and sisters turning to dust beneath his shoes. It didn’t seem stupid to think he may like to try a hand at a human’s idea of normal. He may even be good at it were he to give it a chance.
The three of them were simultaneously struck with a sudden power that swept them off their feet. Dean’s grasp on Castiel’s cuffs slipped entirely and the two of them were quickly separated. The pain at the base of his spine from his hard landing left Dean momentarily paralysed, but he tried, hopelessly, to sit up and search for his brother and his angel. Groaning, he clawed himself into an awkward half sitting position and scanned his surroundings. Before he could make sense of their location or where the others were, he was hit with a knee to the face. His vision blurred at the impact, his nose immediately dripping blood, and he recoiled at the crack of the bone breaking.
“Alright, let’s hit the road then,” Dean cleared his throat and stood up, digging some money from the pocket of his jeans and he tossed the cash down on the middle of the table.
“Like one of your pathetic, little pets,” Purah taunted, “I slept like a little baby, Castiel. When I eventually awoke, I really believed my grace was gone. I had never felt so…” She paused and considered her words carefully. “Empty,” she decided.
Cas took it and held it there. With his heart beating so hard and so fast, he was sure Dean could feel it. He didn’t close his eyes, despite the glorious pleasures rocking him to his core, and every urge that pushed him to arch his back, close his eyes, and lose himself. He wanted to watch Dean. To see him unravel above him.
Dean seemed to recognise something shifting inside Cas. Something cold and desolate that threatened to rob him of his freedom once more. Dean sidled in closer and straddled Castiel’s lap, took his face into his hands, and leaned in for a delicate kiss.
Cas had been weak, and swiftly losing more and more strength as the time passed, and he had said nothing.
Dean slowed down as the neared the glowing light of the open portal. He pulled up to a stop a safe distance away and got out, peering at the burning crack in time and space over the roof of the car. Even from here he could tell it was already closing. By now he recognised the way the light dimmed and the tear thinned at the ends, steadily shrinking in on itself. He knew they didn’t have much time to investigate. If it was apocalypseland, they may not have adequate time to find Mary. But they would be left with no other choice than to free Castiel—knowing the chance might never present itself again.
It wasn’t the same to touch without the threat of breaking it, he thought. These days, his purposeful, delicate touch meant nothing. His efforts accomplished nothing. The caution was unwarranted, because there was nothing he could do to anything or anyone, and the acceptance was tainted by having to change to earn it.
“I thought so. But I’ve been wrong before.” Dean reached across the table and took Cas’ bottle from his weak fingers. “I think this time I was looking too hard. I just saw what I wanted to.”
“They didn’t, exactly,” Dean started, “as far as we know, Jack—the Nephilim—wasn’t aware of the portal at first. We aren’t even sure if he’s purposely creating them now. And Lucifer… well, he ambushed us that night, looking for his son, and we trapped him in the alternate world. But, as Sam said, he dragged our mother in with him.”
“I know that too,” Castiel whispered, “I am not asking for forgiveness… just the chance to right as many wrongs as I can.”
“Uh… we patch up most wounds using dental floss and a splash of whiskey, so… no, no I don’t have any bandages.”
Somehow, someway, Dean was always there. They had been through a lot together, Cas realised. And somehow all the good moments stood out from the bad, like a glowing beacon to show him what really mattered. In times of turmoil, Dean could turn to Cas, and Cas to Dean, and that was the true miracle. And having the hunter looking at him like he was the sun rising at the edges of the pitch black night made Castiel open his mouth and sing along with him.
“Oh yeah, that’s all,” Dean scoffed, “give me a real challenge. Like… blow up the moon or hook up with Scarlett Johansson.”
He’d started to feel heavy, burdened by what he thought must be mortality. From what Sam had told him, humans don’t really
“You know Dean. Even if he doesn’t acknowledge it right away, he always recognises effort. Just show him you mean it, whatever
He saw the shadow of Dean sit upright in front of him and the faint outline of his arm moving across his face, followed by the feeling of a t-shirt wiping over his flaccid groin. The hunter clumsily cleaned him up in the dark before nudging Cas to move over to the edge of the seat. Castiel suddenly felt much drunker than before and actually heavy headed as the exhilaration alleviated, so he said nothing as he shuffled to the side as much as he could without falling. His arms automatically wrapped around Dean’s waist as he nestled tightly into his side. The seat wasn’t big enough to fit them both like this, but they tried anyway, shifting awkwardly until Dean’s head rested on Castiel’s chest, one arm dangling over him and the other squished between their bodies. Cas had an arm trapped beneath Dean’s body that was surely going a bit numb, but there was simply no other place to put it, and he didn’t dare try to rearrange them. They were both uncomfortable, but neither of them would have it any other way—not if it meant being apart.
“So you do resent it,” Cas said, mindlessly tracing the brim of his glass of water using his pinkie finger.
Castiel set the full bucket down and retrieved a sponge, soaking it through and setting it down dripping on the trunk of the car. He stared at it curiously before looking to Dean for guidance. Dean chuckled light-heartedly and dunked his own sponge into the bucket before leading by example. He carefully washed the windows and gestured for the angel to copy his motions. Castiel took to it quite easily from there, losing himself in the task and rinsing his sponge out periodically in silence. Dean slowed and mostly allowed him to continue on his own. It was better to watch the easy smile that played at Castiel’s lips and the rare softness to his posture.
Dean had always been striking, but there with his expression comfortably lost, he truly took Castiel’s breath away. His green eyes glistened in the sunlight and Cas was better able to see the full length of his pale lashes. Faint freckles dusted Dean’s cheeks and nose—more than Cas actually remembered ever noticing before. It stunned him to think there was anything about Dean that his attentive eye had managed to miss. He wondered if his humanity had clouded his retrospection, or if he had been so blind as to overlook flawed perfection when it was right in front of him.
Castiel needed this. He needed to help where he could though he knew that it wasn’t where his help was needed most. This was something that he and Dean could do. This was fixable. Which was more than what could be said about the state of Heaven and the angels. And Cas hoped that a case would be distraction enough for Dean. Perhaps with his concerns focused elsewhere, Dean would be able to look past the tension between them.
“I am well aware of the difference, and I know pity when I see it. You pity him. And that makes you soft.”
The cashier grabbed out a pen and quickly drew across the map which roads Cas needed to take. “Still have a while to go yet. And the roads are still quite slick…”
He went to his car and clumsily got in, slamming the door shut and jamming the keys in the ignition. He turned the stereo on, still playing the same cassette from the other day, and he leaned his head back against the seat. There he remained for a few hours, knowing he really shouldn’t even attempt to drive though he wanted nothing more than to be out on the road with the wind blowing in through his open window. But there was too good a chance that he wouldn’t make it back alive.
Still, to this day, Dean cherished the fond memories of a tired and worn thing. He could have replaced it, and maybe he should have, but Cas knew that he never would.
Garth vacates the car, and Dean takes his place.  Michael looks up at him and waggles his eyebrows.  Dean splutters a laugh, some of the awkward tension leaving him.  It’s fine, he can do this.  Michael is watching Garth walk out of earshot as Dean gets situated.
Dean makes his most innocent ‘who, me?’ gesture, but makes his exit sharpish so he doesn’t have to hear the kitchen cleanliness lecture again.  Or worse, watch Sam’s prissy smug face as he witnesses it.
Cas gestures over his shoulder for Dean to stand behind him, and once again reaches to place Dean’s hands on his hips.
Garth bounces over — where the fuck does he get his energy from, seriously — and demonstrates the movement that Dean had fumbled, narrating the steps as he goes.  It’s not really sinking in, but Dean nods anyway.  It wasn’t actually the dancing that had him in knots.  It’ll be fine.  He’ll be fine.
Finally Cas looks at him, eyes wide and unhappy.  “I pushed you.  I knew you were uncomfortable, and I disregarded that.  I pursued you when it was clear you were not ready.”
“Hey, no judgement, you already know I think she’s the spawn of satan, but your recreational activities are your own.”
card design that had made him feel all gooey, that had been undeniably and unapologetically a statement of romantic intention, and that he’d absolutely completely chickened out of at the last minute.  It’s the first Saturday all year that Cas won’t be getting an anonymous card to cheer him up.  Because Dean is an emotionally-constipated wimp.
Castiel scrunched his eyes closed, burying his face further into his pillow to block out the light streaming in through the thin curtains.  He really would have to do something about that.  Sometime.  Maybe.  It really was relentlessly bright for first thing in the morning, but moving to California was always going to take some adjusting to.  He reached blindly for his phone to check just how disgustingly early it was, grudgingly cracking open one eye.
Dean wants to run and hide, wants to hear it over and over again, can’t do anything about either of those things and just moans brokenly, gripping Cas’s shoulder so tightly he feels the seams of his shirt begin to give.  Cas bites and sucks a mark into Dean’s inner thigh, massaging his cock, the combined pleasure and pain overwhelming Dean beyond coherence.  Cas licks a stripe up his shaft and swallows him down again, lips and tongue so hot and wet and so fucking
“You can get ‘I love you’, ‘have a great day!’, ‘happy birthday’, leave me alone’, ‘eat me’, or Dean’s personal favorite, ‘six feet, motherfucker’.”
The music changes again as Bela’s solo begins, Lana trying to draw Luca’s attention.  Someone in the corps wolf-whistles, and the directors laugh.  Dean leans back against the car’s hood, watching her dance.  He’s gotta admit, it’s kind of hot having this many people vying for his attention, even if it’s just acting.  It’s even better when he gets to act totally unaffected by Bela’s efforts, Lana’s face falling as she reconsiders her plans to seduce Luca.  On the other hand, watching her
Cas still seems to have nothing to say, but when Dean risks a glance at his face, he lets out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding.  That’s definitely a good expression.  A hint of a smile, even.  This little project can go solidly in the Moderate Success column.  He passes the card back to Cas, who runs his thumb over the raised design.
Castiel wrapped himself in his comforter and trudged into the living room to get a fresh coffee and set up the movie on his TV.  He swallowed a couple of Tylenol, then arranged himself in a kind of nest on the couch.  He frowned slightly at his unexpectedly silent phone, and then was smacked in the face with embarrassment.
“No problem.”  Dean tried to clear the lump from his throat, and turned to grab a mug.  “Whose birthday is it?”
Dean chugs some water and tries to slow his racing heart.  Nobody seemed to object to their performance.  Nobody yelled at them for being two men, dancing together.  This...simply doesn’t line up with Dean’s expectations, and he’s not sure what to feel.
“I know, I know, but--” Dean flops back onto his bed, uncaring of the highly unflattering up-nose, double-chin shot Charlie now has on her screen as a result.  Whatever, she’s seen worse from him.  “You didn’t see him at Christmas.
At that moment, Cas emerges from a door behind the bar, clutching a bottle of tequila and a bag of limes.  Yeesh, Dean didn’t realize his dancing was so bad it was driving people to drink.
“You know,” said Dean between kisses, “you really don’t need any stupid perfume to get my attention.”
The first one arrives on January 2nd.  It’s a Saturday, so usually Cas would be out at some do-gooder volunteer gig or other.  Yes, even though it’s pouring rain and colder than a witch’s tit.  But it’s lockdown, so they’re...at home.  Flicking through TV channels looking for something they can yell at that they haven’t already watched five times since March.
Sam gasped, trying to catch his breath at the same time as mopping up the second-hand coffee he’d just redistributed all over their shared keyboard.
” and steps round an empty beer bottle abandoned on the sidewalk outside the door.  The faded red paint and fake rock walls of the exterior make it look like it hasn’t been a going concern for at least a decade.  Shit, no wonder the guy’s letting the place out for dance coaching — probably barely covers his overheads from nightlife alone.  The storm doors are open, and Dean pushes through the inner doors to the main part of the club.
“You certainly have the technical ability to perform the role, there’s no doubting that.  Anything else can be dealt with by coaching and rehearsing.  It may just take more work than you’re used to.”
What’s more, he knew it would soothe and heal over time. Which was more than what could be said for his far more profound wounds.
“Right. Okay. We can do all that,” Dean eagerly interjected. He paused and laughed hollowly, “Well, except for the bees. TV, books, hot showers, coffee, and clean sheets. Easy. Isn’t there anything else, Cas? Stuff you haven’t tried? Music you haven’t listened to or foods you haven’t eaten?”
Getting Castiel back could only end in grief, but Dean still couldn’t help getting reattached—after all, this was what he had wanted for all these weeks.
Cas eagerly took a swig and smiled at the flavour that was gentler on his tastebuds. It had a strong punch to it that he really started to feel not long after his second sip. But the cranberry gave it a tart taste that eased him into an accelerated pace of drinking until he emptied his glass before Dean had gotten even halfway through his.
“I guess so,” Cas shrugged, trying to remember the melody of the music. He wasn’t sure whether he had made an assessment of it at the time, but he supposed it hadn’t been awful, though it was nothing like what was playing now.
“I can take care of you, Cas,” Dean purred. He caressed Castiel’s cock in his hand. His lips traced the lines of Cas’ hip bones, causing his words to muffle against his skin. “I can make you feel so good. So fucking good.”
Cas fast-forwarded through the opening credits and tossed the remote down somewhere on the bed. He rubbed at his eyes and then brushed his knuckles across his chin, feeling the ever-growing facial hair. Cas knew, were he to look in a mirror, that he would resemble another person entirely; someone he didn’t even recognise. He had lost any and all motivation to maintain his appearance, just as he had done a month before. It was another of those meaningless chores that he no longer desired to do.
Castiel sat in his chair, leaning forward with his elbows digging into his thighs, his head held in his hands. The cuffs slid slightly down his wrists. “You’re right,” he whispered.
He had armed himself with an angel blade, readying himself for what he expected would be a fight. Dean followed suit and slipped his own blade free, clasping it tight in anticipation. He knew there was no chance of getting out of this unscathed.
“So we can face the torture of cold water together?” Cas wrinkled his nose at the memory of the awfully cold shower he’d had the night before.
It was an unfortunate and familiar routine that Dean never wished to replicate. It wasn’t something he wished to put Sam through. It wasn’t something he wanted his own kids to endure were he ever to have any—a prospect that became more and more distant every year.
Once Dean’s used to the music, the unstructured movement, and the paint-stripper burn of tequila, the thing that surprises him the most is how hot they get.  Dancing’s always a sweaty business, but it seems the addition of alcohol has turned up the heat by 20 degrees.
Cas also pulls his own t-shirt off over his head, mussing his hair even more than usual and also revealing an outrageous figure that makes Dean’s jaw drop.  Thankfully, he then bends to roll the legs of his sweats up to his knees, which makes Dean snort a laugh.  What a fucking nerd.
The door thuds behind Cas as he dashes to his next job.  Gabriel continues silently watching Dean as he has a go at cleaning up some of the tequila mess, packs his bag, and also leaves.  Damn, he’s creepy for such a weird little dude.
The usual sight of Cas’s bright blue eyes and perpetually messy dark hair was enough to short-circuit him on a normal day, but now it was accompanied by an overwhelming, all-consuming wave of that delicious fucking smell.
“Castiel Krushnic.  Dude, how fucking exotic is that?  Shame she writes like she’s got an entire tree up her ass though.”  Dean stretches his hams in a kind of upright-pigeon pose at the kitchen island as Sam rummages in the fridge for something — anything — green.
Michael brings in a fake punch, knuckles brushing over Dean’s stomach, the touch warm through the thin fabric of his tank.  Dean sinks back into Luca’s character and lets a predatory smile cross his face.  He ‘hits’ Michael back, chuckling as the other man doubles over.  They move in unison across the stage, flying from step to step and grinning as they go.  Dean is exhilarated, having fun while dancing in a way that has gotten so rare since he became a pro.  It’s not that he doesn’t enjoy his job, he loves dance more than anything else in the world, but it’s not usually this...
“The shirt — it might not do much good, but if you’re overheating it’s fine if you want to take it off.”
Cas doesn’t respond, still panting, dark eyes on Dean, the outline of his erection not-at-all hidden by his sweats.
.”  He stood, reaching for a board pen from his desk, and wrote the term at the top of the whiteboard.  “The Roman empire was vast, and most people would not have spoken Greek or Latin as a first language.  We’re talking Etruscan, Phoenician, Punic, Venetic…”  He trailed off as he heard the Zoom chat function ping with a new notification on his computer, distracting him from his train of thought.  He shook his head slightly, trying to get back on track.  “Roman authors referred to Latin and Greek as
“You can keep your right knee where it was, on the bench, and your left foot against the floor,” Garth demonstrates as he talks, ducking into the car.  “But then, we’d like you to try being lower down, like this.”  Garth bends fully over, practically lying on Michael’s back.  Dean’s reassured to see that Michael looks a little freaked, too.  Garth’s a great guy, and a fantastic repetiteur, but he can be…a lot.
“Dean.  Those cards were the highlight of my week.  I know I haven’t been particularly good company over the last few months, so it made sense to me that you might choose a medium of communication that didn’t involve too much actual interaction.”
This time, he doesn’t get to pursue his options any further though; as soon as class is over, he’s barely got outside shoes and a hoodie on before Charlie drags him out of the room by his bag strap on a quest for food.
Every time he walked through the front door, Dean could feel his blood pressure drop a couple of notches. It wasn’t just the relief of walking into a cool, dark space when the sun was beating down outside. The entire ceiling was plastered with a vast array of his favourite album covers, from Zepp to Metallica, Lynyrd Skynyrd to the Stones, in contrast to the bare brick walls. Suspended from the ceiling was a mismatched collection of repurposed light fittings and hanging plants, providing a unique combination of zen atmosphere and heart-stopping head injury opportunities. Dean had balked at the idea of having brand new cookie-cutter furniture in amongst such a carefully curated design - categorically not a vibe - so he and Charlie had been to what felt like every thrift store in southern California picking up abandoned couches, benches, armchairs, and tables. And some more plant pots, because apparently
Dean doesn’t like it.  Shit, what if he went too far this time?  The last thing he wants to do is make Cas uncomfortable.  He sneaks a glance at Cas over the top of his laptop, who is frowning a little at the card.  Is that confusion or is he pissed?
Dean felt as if he’d forgotten how to breathe.  He looked back at Cas, who was awkwardly wringing his hands together and looking at the floor following his sudden vent.
, his teacher.  His teacher who can barely stand being around him, even when he’s getting paid to do it.  And right now Dean’s practically grinding on him in a club in front of his
“All you’ve done is been a dick to me since I walked in the door.  Can we quit with the crappy assumptions and move on to some dancing, or what?”
Dean hums, and leers.  “I dunno though, I do kinda like ‘em scary.  Even Naomi, if she would just loosen up a little—”
He doesn’t make it out of bed on Saturday, either.  Not even when Sam knocks on his door mid-afternoon.
“Shut up, I know what you look like hungover.  And you absolutely reek, too.”  She pulls a face.  “How much did you put away to still be sweating it out twelve hours later?”
No, fuck, don’t think about it.  Dance belts are designed to smooth out any, er, details, but they do fuck all to hide an inappropriate hard on.  He can already feel the heat rushing between his legs, the heightened sensation of the seam pressing against the flesh of his dick.  This can’t happen.  What if Michael sees?  What if anyone else sees?
“Hey there, welcome to Pie & Vinyl!” said the woman, beaming at him.  There was a muffled and inexplicable “
,” taunts Dean.  “I’m supposed to be the sexiest stanky old man you’ve ever met in your life.  Says so right there in the synopsis.”
Dean cut him off.  He didn’t know where Cas was going with that sentence, but it sounded like it wouldn’t be anywhere good.  Or accurate.
They reset to the point where Dean climbs down from the table, and once again he backs Anna up to the table-pretending-to-be-a-car where Michael is waiting for them.  Stepping around Anna, Dean tentatively and quickly kisses Michael, mostly missing his mouth completely.  He hears tuts from the background.  Garth is already giving notes as he approaches.  Goddammit.
He becomes more aware of the chatter around him, equal parts delighted and devastated.  Nothing out of the ordinary for casting day.  A couple of hands clap him on the back.  He looks around for Charlie and finds her dithering a short way behind him; his face must show some of his shock because she pulls him from the crowd and grabs his face in both hands.
, where you need to keep your hips level.  They need to be able to move much more than that, or you’ll have no fluidity in your dance.”
Dean turns back to Cas, whose gaze is still locked on his coffee, knuckles white where he’s clutching his mug.  Dean cautiously takes his seat again.
She glides away in that weird way she has that makes her look like she’s on castors.  Christ, he’s already a jumpy mess, and now he’s got to do
“No need to look so worried!  We just wanna make a couple of little changes to the blocking of this part right here.”
to know that.  They were the best of friends, and Dean wouldn’t ever risk losing that.  Cas was the only person he needed around him when things were tough.  Obviously that wasn’t the same for Cas, though.  Which is fine.  His listlessness and general irritability had only increased over the last few weeks, and Dean knew he just needed something Not-Dean to take his mind off things.  Not to blow his own trumpet, but Dean’s definitely an ideas guy.  He’s pretty creative when he wants to be, but it still took him longer than he’d care to admit to come up with a plan that would put a smile back on Cas’s face, and remind him there were other people out there than his crappy roommate.
Dean covertly wished he’d had more time to have Castiel to himself; time to say everything that had been eating at him since escaping Purgatory. He wanted Cas to know that it had never been his intention to leave him behind. He wanted to ask why Cas couldn’t fight just that little bit harder when he needed to. Dean needed to know that Cas didn’t resent him for everything that had happened.
That’s what the angels had never understood. It was what they had overlooked; gazing down at Earth with a clouded eye.
His eyelids blinked shades of white and yellow and red as they overcame the extents of Castiel’s powers. Slowly, he allowed his arm to lower from his face, but he didn’t turn his body back—it was too torturous to do so.
“I don’t understand,” Cas frowned, “and this, to me, seems like a serious discussion. Which you said we weren’t having today. Is it not serious?”
As he tried to accept who he was and what he had done, and the impossible future he could never have because of it.
“You’re sitting in a possible splash zone,” Dean warned, half-jokingly. Sam scooted his chair further to the side so he wasn’t sitting directly across from him, just to be safe.
Dean appraised Cas quickly, looking down the entire length of his 6 foot frame to see whether he was still all in one piece. It was hard to tell under that oversized coat and the loose mental hospital clothes, but from what Dean could see, Cas was completely unharmed. The leviathan hadn’t managed to take a bite out of him, so that was something at least. Dean could work with that.
was the problem. When the books inevitably failed him, he had turned to Dean’s computer but found it all too confusing to navigate. It was a tool he’d had little reason to utilise in the past and always had assistance with whenever the need had arisen. But this time he couldn’t simply ask for help. This was too complicated, too contentious. It didn’t seem fair nor wise to address it verbally before he knew whether anything could be done about it. His grace, if it existed, would not be an easy thing to find. He thought it was for the best—maybe—that Dean didn’t know that he was looking for it. At least not yet.
Dean had never asked, but he suspected Sam was awake too. Even when Sam was too young to know about hunting, he was smart enough to suspect something was amiss—that something poisonous lingered in the air. Dean just somehow knew that Sam waited for John with just as much disdain, breath bated and chest tight until they heard that familiar heavy tread outside their door and the fumble of the key in the lock.
Castiel looked forward to it; happy that it made Dean happy, and it meant there would be more moments like this to come.
“Alright, alright. We’ll compromise. You can come with me as long as you stay in the car,” Dean negotiated. The hunter finally stepped away from Cas and ran his hand through his own hair, clearly exasperated. Cas broadened his shoulders and offered a smug smile before retrieving his bag and edging his way toward the door.
Dean remembered carving Cas’ legacy that day. He remembered his hand being coated with ash and littered with blisters.  The knife was blunt from carving through branch after branch. His hands had been worn—weathered by the all too familiar task of building a pyre. The blisters and cuts to his skin had made it painful to hold the knife and to apply the pressure needed to carve into the wood. But he had endured, forcing the blunt edge down to etch the memory of Cas there on the table, splitting the sores on his skin and bleeding onto the handle. When he had set the knife down, there remained an imprint of his blood and Cas’ ash.
Cas sat up just long enough to remove his still somewhat damp coat and then draped it over himself. Despite wearing it for the day, and despite it traversing through the rain, the material still smelt like Dean. Cas pulled it up under his chin and nestled into it, just breathing in the scent. It wasn’t Dean, but it was just enough of him to lure Cas to sleep.
Dean traced lines back and forth over Castiel’s skin with his fingertips, gently eager to still touch and explore him in even the most delicate and understated of ways. This was a new first for them; to be held in each other’s arms quite like this.
A young woman stood with him, leaning more to one side with her hand rested on her hip, the hem of her tank top riding up over her fingers to show just the right amount of skin. As Dean watched, she ran her other hand through her strawberry-blonde locks, tussling it into a naturally attractive mess. She smiled brightly, eyeing an awkward Castiel with unmistakable interest.
Dean couldn’t bear to be that person again; someone able to look into the eyes of someone he loved—even if they weren’t who they used to be—and to kill them.
By the time he returned—after having spent a ridiculous amount of time debating over which drink to get, despite knowing they would all likely taste as ghastly as each other—Castiel wasn’t alone.
Thanks for reading, guys! A relatively short chapter this time, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless! Please let me know what you thought in the comments, as I always love reading your feedback :D
“Castiel, with all due respect, but you have no say in this,” Sam retaliated. Dean actually flinched at the venom in his voice. Castiel, however, didn’t even blink.
He tried to be gentler in his next approach and barely touched Dean as he saw to his injuries. His posture visibly slackened and his jaw hardened as he pressed his lips into a firm line. He knew he had become useless to the Winchesters since losing his grace. There was nothing he could give while he had no choice but to take. He couldn’t protect them or fight for them the way he used to and he had no place as a hunter—something he had already tried with very little to contribute. They didn’t need him anymore; or at the very least they only needed him as he was before.
When he arrived at the quiet bunker, he walked purposely to Castiel’s room and knocked twice. Like before, Castiel answered the door and allowed him inside. But, unlike before, there was no kiss in greeting. There was no embrace. There was not so much as a smile.
“Well, I’m not sure what’s worse, Dean. The nauseating headache that won’t go away or your refusal to acknowledge what we did last night,” Cas replied earnestly. His head nearly hit the dash when Dean suddenly hit the brakes.
“Just… leave me. Please,” Castiel insisted, turning his gaze out to the horizon, but his attention was restless. He was forcing himself to turn away from Dean, knowing it was best for the hunter to continue on without him, but it would hurt him to watch Dean go all the same.
Castiel trailed his hands across the hoods of the old cars, mindlessly peering into their windows. He was taking his time. Dean didn’t realise at first. He assumed the angel was curious, just as he was with Dean’s collection of music and the mass number of books in the library. But his expression was not that of intrigue. He was troubled. Something played at the corners of his mind, taunting him with a question he didn’t know how to ask. Castiel tried delaying the inevitable, eventually circling the entire room. By the time he came back to Dean’s side, the hunter had finished polishing and stood leaning against the car door.
“Cas, I can’t—” Dean shook his head and tried again. “I don’t ask you to ‘serve my cause’, whatever that means. I get I’ve asked it of you in the past, even demanded it sometimes… but it’s different now. Times have changed. That’s not what you mean to me.”
“Sexually involved?” Cas offered, he himself struggling to find the correct term for whatever it was they were doing.
“I told you I couldn’t even watch you eat a well done steak,” Dean reminded him, holding his hands up as a display of innocence.
“Not soon enough,” Dean conceded. He didn’t seem pleased by the uncertainty either. Nor did he sound prepared to say goodbye. “I’ll call tomorrow,” he promised.
Cas turned to face him. “Hey, everything isn’t your responsibility. Getting me out of Purgatory wasn’t your responsibility.”
Once or twice Cas had seen Dean’s eyes flicker to the magazines sitting on the kitchen counter, and he had known exactly what the hunter was thinking about. He blushed again at the thought of it and had set out to try and keep Dean’s mind occupied elsewhere. The one time Dean had used the bathroom, Castiel had held his breath and waited to see if he would take the magazine with him, but he had walked right past it and emerged from the restroom only a minute or two later, and only then did Cas exhale.
He had always dreaded the inevitable day when he would have to leave. The dismay had never been more specific than that: all the details as to who, what, when, where and why unknown; having yet to come into existence. But the sensation had remained all the same, and, eventually, had proven true—for here he was in a rundown, desolate cabin, destined to journey as far as his tired legs could carry him.
“You know I tried to do that and it didn’t work for me. It’s just… it’s a good idea in theory but it’s far more complicated in practice.”
—Cas hadn’t understood many things, and probably hadn’t felt everything there was to feel, but Dean just knew that Cas had felt
Castiel dragged himself to the car the next morning with his head dipped low and his duffel bag held precariously close to the ground. Once again Dean had given him a rude awakening at what felt like a truly ungodly hour. What made it worse was that they had no deadline or schedule of any kind—in a way it seemed as if Dean insisted on these early starts purely to get on Castiel’s nerves. Deep down Cas knew this wasn’t the case, but at 5am, he wasn’t about to be reasonable. Sometimes the hunter made himself so easy to dislike, and yet Cas would have given in to him with very little persuasion: and he had done just that. When Dean had shaken him awake less than fifteen minutes earlier, he and Cas had once again wrestled with the blankets, but this time Dean cheated. He had effortlessly climbed on top of Cas with his knees on the bed either side of Cas’ hips; using his weight to hold the former angel down. Then his hands had pulled the blanket free from Castiel’s grip and then pinned Cas’ hands back behind his head.
The hunter collapsed onto the bed stomach first before turning to his side and gazing at Castiel. Cas met his eyes, his own blue orbs most certainly littered with feelings that were without words. He felt unsteady—his legs bound to cripple beneath him were he to stand and his elbows sure to bend were he to lean on them. Instead of attempting either one, he crawled in a daze further up the bed and laid down beside Dean. His lips were dry, his own heavy and heated breaths stripping them of moisture—his tongue, too, suddenly felt thick and dry inside his mouth. He wanted to say something. Anything. Yet he said nothing at all. Dean smiled sheepishly at him, his cheeks suddenly flushing pink as he reached up and draped his arm over Castiel.
Suddenly, he felt cheated by the bike ride. That one moment of glorious freedom and peace he suspected he may never have again.
Dean closed the lighter and replaced it in his pocket, his hand still hovering there just in case. His heart sunk. For just a moment, it was as if hope was there before him, beckoning him home. And, as per usual, it was ripped from his grasp and extinguished. Inside, he was suddenly cast into darkness.
The hunter had mostly opened his mind to the idea of an actual relationship with Castiel—though the former angel hadn’t pushed for a label of any kind. Behind closed doors Dean melted into Cas as if there had never been any question about it. As if there had never been anything unusual or new about it at all. But then, out in front of prying eyes, Dean succumbed to an inconceivable pressure and reduced his affection to soulful looks, and flirtatious and playful kicks to Cas’ legs under tables.
Eating seemed like an exhausting effort to Cas. He hadn’t expected the pangs of hunger to find him so frequently, or the satisfaction that came from eating to be so short-lived. He hadn’t understood just how extensive the variety of options were—and they were all at his disposal. The choices had overwhelmed him right from the beginning. Honestly, he was rather bothered by the whole ordeal. And the bathroom requirements that followed were even more frustrating and tedious. He still didn't know how humans withstood all these daily needs. It left him feeling vulnerable. And vulnerability, whilst nothing new, still didn’t come easily to him.
There was a war waiting for them on both sides of the portal, and it was with trepidation that Dean stepped back into the portal with a hand latching onto Sam and Castiel to draw them back with him. He had to favour their chances here and hope Castiel’s angels weren’t quite so thirsty for blood as the angels Cas had left behind.
“I know you’re trying to tease me, but those aren’t awful ideas,” Castiel granted and tried to ignore the pain in his tongue. It wouldn’t matter now if he didn’t like black coffee because he wouldn’t be able to taste it anyway.
Eventually, Castiel slowed and pulled the bike down to the side of the road. He kicked the stand down and waited for Dean to dismount the bike before getting off himself. Dean removed his helmet and ran a hand through what he knew was a bad case of helmet hair. Castiel, meanwhile, looked incredible—all rocker with the leather jacket and windswept hair. Dean grinned and took the collar of Castiel’s unbuttoned and untucked shirt, pulling him in for a quick heated kiss. He couldn’t help himself. He couldn’t go without kissing and touching him, just happy to be there and with him and to have said the words he never thought he would ever be ready to say.
Thanks for reading, guys! I hope you are enjoying the story so far. Chapters might start taking longer to upload from now on, but I promise they'll keep coming :)
“I’ll proceed with caution then,” Castiel replied earnestly, turning to the next page and slowly eating his chips. “You watch Dr Sexy MD, don’t you, Dean?” He asked after a few minutes.
“We don’t need to think about apologies right now, Cas. I’m sorry, you’re sorry… we’re all so god damn sorry. We could all say it until we’re blue in the face and it wouldn’t change a damn thing. Because I don’t blame you, and I don’t think you blame me, and we could try and blame the world but what good would that do?”
“Then what would you say?” Sam blinked in surprise. Both that Cas disagreed, but also at hearing him utter more than three words at a time.
“Fifteen minutes,” Dean agreed, though it was obvious that his mind was occupied elsewhere. For him, fifteen minutes was bound to feel like an eternity.
On the mornings he was late something was usually a little different. A little off. At first, Cas couldn’t quite put his finger on it, though he certainly tried. He often found himself spending hours contemplating and theorising and brooding over every insignificant detail, searching for answers in anything he may have missed.
Dean had said once, much to Castiel’s confusion. He recalled shaking his head and looking back over his shoulder, unable to see her amidst the crowd of people.
“I don’t think that’s true.” Cas turned back to the window. Were he to look at Dean, he knew he was bound to say something he shouldn’t, and he knew that the hunter needed space to gather his thoughts—whatever those thoughts may be.
Castiel swallowed firmly and picked up more books, moving even slower than before and losing focus multiple times during his task. He sometimes found himself knelt down with the same book in his hand after a minute or more had passed, the letters of the title boring into his mind but the meaning of the words not quite sinking in.
Dean rubs his forehead with his free hand.  Nothing is making any sense.  “Why are you giving me this?”
scene?  Between fighting down a boner five minutes ago and the brutal smackdown of Rowena’s notes, he’s not sure if this is even real any more, or if it’s just going to turn out to be a hyper-realistic anxiety dream.  And now he’s got to fuck a dude.  On stage.  At work.
Dean can’t hide his relief when the cue comes for them to stop and exit the car.  He trembles slightly as he strides round the car, and he can’t pretend he doesn’t overstep when Luca kisses Angelo.  He’s right up against Michael and a lot of his frustration must pour out into the kiss.  He expects to hear hollering but nobody says anything, which for some reason doesn’t reassure him.  He doesn’t look at Michael as he practically runs from the stage.
Dean draws a deep breath, then reaches out and takes hold of Cas’s hand over the coffee table, despite anyone being able to see that he’s holding hands with a man.  The sky doesn’t fall in.  The world fails to end.  Time ticks on.
.  You are a dancer, not a rhinoceros, and if you land like that in performance you will break through the stage and land on a cello.”  Bela scowls, but nods, mentally tucking the feedback away for the next run.  “Michael, when the majority of movement is in your arms, kindly remember that you do still have feet.  They should also be dancing, not twitching on the floor like hooked fish.”
Cas squints at him, clearly trying to suppress a smile.  “Go away.  The longer we argue about it the more time I have to wait for food.”
This was too much for Dean.  He dropped his phone and fisted his dick and his fingers continued to trace over his hole.  Within moments, he had come with a shout all over his bed, every muscle tensed and heartbeat racing in his ears.
Dean grudgingly left his comfortable spot on the couch. “If it’s tentacle porn again, I will end you”
, you didn’t see his face when he got the first one.  It’s not the same for him as it is for me, he needs someone else to talk to other than me.”
Sam’s eyebrows are dangerously close to being swallowed by his stupid hair.  “Because...you’re dressed up and going out?”
Dean shrugs.  “Followed my brother.  We’re pretty close.  He came out here for law school, so it just made sense for me to find work here too.”
Dean blinks, mindlessly staring at the innocuous lid of the cup.  “I thought teachers were the ones who needed bribery to write a good report card.  You worried I’ll leave a bad Yelp review or something?”
Cas looked like he was about to pass out, his voice barely audible, but Dean ploughed on.  He had to know for sure.
What they’re doing now can barely be described as the choreographed moves, though it’s still technically a significant improvement on how Dean has been dancing up to this point.  Their bodies are so close, their steps so in sync, it’s like they’re a single unit, and it’s a rush like Dean has never experienced.  Cas stops them in their tracks as they pass the bar, taking a long swig from the bottle, and passing it to Dean with a raised eyebrow, intention obvious.  Dean takes the bottle in a trembling hand, bringing it to his lips.  Some of the tequila escapes his mouth as he drinks, trickling down his neck.
On one hand, he was talking daily to a guy he’d never met, but who was funny, intelligent, kind, and who’d given him the best orgasm of his life, bar none.  However, it had been a full month since that particular
Cas is three sheets to the fucking wind, swaying ever so slightly — Dean can’t tell if that’s the drink or if it’s just very bad dancing.  He’s determinedly not thinking of this whole grown-ass man as adorable.
“I mean, you’re basically putting anonymous love notes in your crush’s locker between classes.  It’s cute...for a fourteen-year-old.  Couldn’t you just, I dunno, break the habit of a lifetime and use your words?”
Dean stands numbly as Cas walks away, rubbing at his bruised knuckles and staring at the coffee trickling down the sidewalk.
Dean’s packing up all his crap at the end of the rehearsal, when Michael walks casually up to him.  A little too casually.
“Hello there, Stanislavski.  Is that a prop wrench in your pocket or are you just that excited to be working with me?”
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.  But...” his hand slides down Dean’s chest as he takes a breath.  “I would like it very much.”
Once on stage, he can’t see jack shit any further out than the orchestra pit — the stage lights burn off his retinas (and also roast his absolute nuts off) — but he knows Cas is there watching tonight, just like he was on opening night.  The audience roars as he reaches center stage, taking a dramatic bow before joining the rest of the principals.  He likes to think he can hear one voice in particular, but really he knows it’s just wishful thinking.  No matter; Cas will show him later just how much he appreciated his performance.
“Talk to me, Cas.  You look like someone’s just died.”  Bravado wasn’t doing a great job of holding up under the pressure of spiralling introspection and panic.  What if Cas didn’t find him attractive?  What if ‘Jimmy’ had never wanted something real, and this was fucking it all up?  He tried to focus.  “This is a good thing, right?”
This card is definitely much less friend-y and much more...more.  There’s something simultaneously exhilarating and totally fucking terrifying about sending this card, but as long as Cas never finds out who’s sending them, it’s not gonna be a problem.  Dean’s a mess all through Thursday and Friday, to the point that it takes him three hours on Friday evening to discover he’d put his cell in the fridge and left a pack of chicken thighs in his sock drawer.  What the fuck.
It only takes a couple of days for Dean to start thinking that maybe he could send another card.  It had made one hell of an impact on Cas’s mood for the whole weekend, but even without a commute, the Monday blues are pretty hard to shake.  Come meeting-heavy Wednesday, Cas is thoroughly back in plague- and isolation-induced misery, and Dean can’t bear to see it.  He’s not great at being unable to fix something, and since his usual solution of panic-baking just serves to remind them both that they can’t share the results with friends and neighbours right now… yeah.  Mail it is.
She listens patiently and without interruption as Dean explains the whole sorry story.  He tells her about Cas, about their dinner, about that night.  About the next day.  He can’t look her in the eyes as he recounts his exchange with the douchebags outside Averno.  The hurt, disappointment, and judgement are radiating off her; he doesn’t need to see them in her expression too.  Fuck, how could he have been so stupid?  He finishes his explanation, and waits anxiously for repercussions.
“Sounds pretty sketch, are you sure this is really Naomi’s cousin and that you’re not gonna end up on a Netflix true crime special in a couple of months?”
.  Frustration prickles under his skin and bubbles up in his throat.  Why had he made such a thing out of a stage kiss, of all things?  If he’d just done it, nobody would have thought twice about it.  But now he’s drawn attention to himself and people are gonna… somebody might…
As Cas stands up to greet Dean, he shucks his hoodie to reveal a tight t-shirt underneath.  Goddammit, Dean’s still prickling with confused arousal and crossed wires from earlier, and this...this
Hardly any time at all, and yet in that time he’d made a public spectacle of himself, been confined to a small and unfamiliar space, and found himself feeling more lonely than ever before in his life.
Dean sees Cas first, on the other side of the street.  His stomach clenches and his feet stick to the ground.  He wants to go over, wants to talk to him, but he can’t move.  He’ll just fuck it up again, just hurt Cas even more.  He can’t do it.
” Castiel grimaced. The bitter Chicago winter had provided a convenient excuse to get out of the habit of daily running, but that excuse was certainly not going to fly in San Diego. He almost wanted to ignore the advice on the principle that nobody that chirpy could ever have sensible things to say, but he had to grudgingly admit that, if he had to spend every day in front of his computer for the foreseeable future, he was going to seriously need some kind of exercise to keep him sane. Besides, it would be a good way to get to know the area beyond his immediate neighbors, and check out the campus he’d not even set foot on.
Cas looked understandably confused, and for a moment Dean was lightheaded with a combination of disappointment and relief.
, he’s upset Cas and lost his teacher, and now he’s lost his best friend too.  It’s what he deserves, really, but it doesn’t make it hurt any less.  A dry sob escapes his throat and he buries his face back in the comforter.
Jimmy hadn’t given any real indication that he was interested in anything beyond friendship.  Sure, they’d met on a hookup app, but he was clearly just some weird, dorky little guy with limited social skills.  He wasn’t some dick cruising for a quick fuck.  And to be honest, nor was Dean these days.
That doesn’t stop Dean from agonizing over what to wear for way longer than he’ll ever admit.  Hell, he even shaves, and tries to do something with his hair.  But it’s definitely not a date.  He’s allowed to want to look good just for himself.  Which is what he is doing right now.  It has nothing to do with Cas.
Cas lines up four shot glasses, and carefully pours tequila into each, before pushing two towards Dean.
“Then what’s up?  Please, Dean.  I’m worried about you.”  Charlie lies down on his bed, and he turns over to face her.
She immediately latches on to his shoulder and neck with hands and mouth, legs gripping tight to his hips.  Dean allows his hands to roam to stage-appropriate areas along her flank and back, listening out for the music cue to indicate Lana’s husband returning home early.  God, how long has it been since he was this close to someone for reasons other than work?  Clutching Bela’s tiny waist, he thinks instead of a larger, broader body wrapped around him.  Fuck, he already knows he can lift Cas from their classes.  His mind fills in the feeling of broad hands grasping at him, those ridiculous thighs wrapped around Dean’s hips, growling demands in his ear.  He moans under his breath, and gasps as he feels Bela’s nails dig into his back in response.  Fuck, dial it back.  This is gonna get out of hand really quickly if he can’t keep his imagination in order and separate work from porn.
“What, he’s hot. I can’t decide which he’s gonna reach first: the front page of Buzzfeed or PornHub.”
Ok, so it would be disingenuous to say he’s surprised.  He fucked up.  He knows he did.  But he just thought — no,
He stops short as he spots Cas standing outside the Averno building as if waiting for someone, two takeout coffee cups in his hands.  Dean’s exhausted, and not in a position to defend himself right now, but he knows he can’t avoid Cas forever.  He steels himself for confrontation, and approaches him cautiously.
Cas, ever the professional, persists, but there’s no disguising his irritation by the end of the lesson, and it only builds on Dean’s own self-loathing and frustration.  He’s never going to get this.
Dean slips quietly out of the bed and gathers his clothes, careful not to wake Cas where he’s snoring softly, and leaves the apartment.
.  All that’s changed is that now Dean doesn’t have to resist the urge to kiss Cas when he’s on one of his rants, or squeeze his hand after a frustrating meeting.  And holy crap, it’s awesome.
Dean turns his head slightly, barely resisting the urge to kiss the bare skin of Cas’s neck and shoulder.  Shit, he really must be drunk.  He shakes his head slightly and looks up, and sees Sam smirking at him from the bar.  Reality hits Dean square between the eyes.  Shit, this is
“Dean.  I love you, but you’ve got to chill out bout Cas.  Besides,” she grinned.  “You’re not exactly subtle with your little crush, so if he hasn’t run away screaming already, I highly doubt he’s going to.”
.”  Cas interrupts before Dean can spiral any further, clinging to his coffee mug with both hands now like it’s a lifeline.  “I understand that you’re sorry, and I do appreciate the apology, but please, I need to get this out.”
“CHARLIE,” bellowed Dean, making Cas jump.  Charlie didn’t even pretend not to have been watching their interaction.  She stepped quickly from the kitchen area to take over the till and queue of rubberneckers, as Dean whipped his apron over his head and strode through the open hatch.  He herded a mute Cas into the back of the café, away from the heat of the sun and the stares of the other customers.  He gestured to Cas to sit down on a worn upholstered bench in an alcove, then joined him, brushing the fronds of a hanging adiantum out of his face.
Dean just about manages to unstick his tongue from the roof of his suddenly-dry mouth.  “I’m not a ballerina,” he mutters, scowling.
Dean joins the rest of the mechanics over by the garage setup of weird half-cars, and gets out a greasy rag.  He spent so many years as a teenager paying for his ballet gear by fixing cars, and now he’s doing a ballet… in which he’s fixing cars…  He smiles and shakes his head, bending over the fake engine.
Dean kicks him under the table.  “Don’t be a dick.  There’s not an ounce of fat on you.  I just mean where the hell do you put it all?  You could give some of the ballet guys a run for their money.”
Dean chucks back the cheap tequila with a wince, watching the movement of Cas’s throat as he does the same.  Abandoning the glasses for a moment, Cas plugs in his phone as usual, but the music that booms from the club’s speakers is a million miles away from their normal rehearsal tracks.
Sam holds his hands up and his brow creases.  “I’m not saying you can’t.  Who’s the lucky lady you’re not going on a date with?”
...Except, ok, it has totally turned into a thing now.  Maybe it had gotten a little addictive watching Cas’s stupid pretty face light up on a Saturday, hearing the little
Michael looks up from where he’s futzing with the fit of his shoes.  “No, I think you’re a schemer and a ho.”
The man beamed at them, and Dean was captivated by the gummy grin and scrunched nose.  Holy shit, he was turning into a teenage girl.  He was jolted back to reality by Charlie standing on his foot again.
— what’s French for five? — with some of the guys reminds him just a little too much of why they’d never have been a long term thing.
But then there was a blinding light. A catastrophic white light that burned for a moment and then faded, leaving spots beneath Castiel’s eyelids that refused to pass even as he dared open them. He could hardly make out his surroundings but saw the two looming figures standing over two fiery corpses. He watched as they moved toward him, and then he saw Dean’s face, his expression consumed by fear.
“Hey, it’s not like a switch,” Dean said. He knew Cas well enough to discern exactly what he was thinking. “You can’t just turn happiness on and off, and I would never expect you to.”
He had never imagined being part of humanity in such a literal way. Thinking back, he realised that his musings had never involved his sacrifice. Castiel had always imagined himself whole, walking the Earth and being accepted for who he was by those that weren’t quite like him. Castiel wasn’t complete. He was nothing more than a shadow of what he once was, and he felt that the absence of his grace had taken so much else with it too.
Thanks for reading, guys! Well... it went there haha. Did you think this was a long time coming? :P I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Let me know what you thought in the comments! Are you eager for the next chapter?!
Dean squared his shoulders and tensed his jaw, the dimness of his eyes bursting again with light. If he had to go down, he’d go down swinging. Like with most things, Dean pushed it all down; the inner turmoil he felt, the guilt, the anxiety. He suppressed it all and threw himself into the fight, actually seeking out something to kill rather than waiting for it to find him. And it helped. He didn’t have to have any restraint here, he could just
Dean laughed miserably and dipped his head again, burying tighter within himself as he tried to retain his pride. It became evident to Castiel that Dean didn’t wish to beg again, but he was already becoming desperate enough to do so. Cas was unintentionally humiliating Dean all over again, though he never asked Dean to fight for him. He never asked, but he knew he didn’t need to. Because Dean was going to do it anyway—which made it Castiel’s fault.
“I didn’t want to be found, Dean. I thought it best that you didn’t follow. I didn’t think—I didn’t want—I couldn’t have that risk fall on you or Sam and I just…” Cas tried to explain but the words came out jumbled and wrong. It was more than that. So much more. Tentatively, he put his hand out for Dean’s arm but Dean subtly withdrew with a timid flinch, keeping him just out of reach. With his fist still pressed to his lips, his eyes darted despairingly towards Sam and back to Cas.
Dean’s eyes brimmed with unshed tears, his mind reeling from what he had just seen. Or rather what he just saw for the second time. He wished Castiel hadn’t shown him the truth, because the idea of failing to save the angel was less painful to him than the idea that Cas didn’t want to be saved. This meant he could still lose Castiel. They weren’t out of the woods yet.
“Are you going to do as I say?” Dean asked. He purposely pulled away so their bodies were no longer touching.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Dean got up and went to the fridge for a beer though they were bound to still be a little warm. “I don’t read that stuff.”
“Hey, everything okay?” Sam asked, approaching them both warily. He saw too late that he had interrupted something.
“I don’t think that’s an option…” Cas said, surprised. Dean had gotten quiet and hesitant and purposely averted his gaze to the window or the floor: anywhere except looking at him. His hand had slowed and then stopped on Castiel’s knee.
Cas distinctly felt ridiculous standing there naked and shivering despite the definite heat radiating all over his skin. There wasn’t any way he could look any worse, and he knew his breath smelled of alcohol and bile, and his face—as he saw himself in the mirror—was both red and blotchy and covered in sweat and tears.
“We’ve missed the last three portals,” Sam reminded him for what felt like the millionth time, “and those were the ones we even knew about.”
Already, Dean had distanced himself from them and the situation, not wishing to face the guilt that was personified in the man wearing the trench coat. He thought that perhaps he had mistaken that look in the mirror for heavy burden when it was actually controlled rage.
He finally pushed himself away from the table and opened the door, peering out onto the street before daring to step outside. The street was empty again aside from the one or two cars that passed him as he walked further up the road. The man was gone. Cas looked down every side street and alleyway without a sign of him. He was comforted some. He could almost believe that nothing was actually amiss and that it was happenstance that he saw this rough-looking man armed with a concealed handgun. Who had looked at him as if he
There were only a few things Cas knew for sure. He knew he loved Dean. And he knew that Dean probably loved him too… but he also knew Dean shouldn’t.
“No. You were right, it’s probably just me. All the sleep deprivation and the mass amount of burgers I eat that one stomach really shouldn’t allow, it’s got me all messed up. Even now I sense something radiating off you too… but it’s less of an energy and more an annoying, droning noise.”
Castiel squirmed indignantly and the chains rattled, “He was…‘occupied elsewhere’,” he muttered, “according to Michael at least.”
Their kisses hushed their passionate moans, the sounds of each other’s names on their lips, heated curses, and declarations of commitment and unconditional love. They moved together, one rocking seamlessly into the other, finding solace in one another. And it was different not because of where they were like Cas had intended, instead, it was different because they had crossed that line between sex and making love. They’d said the words and made it so.
Castiel knew he should have questioned Dean when he had insisted they check into a hotel a couple hours outside of where they needed to be. It hadn’t made sense at the time why they wouldn’t set up a temporary residence in town where they could easily go back and forth for the duration of the case—for however long that may be. It was what Sam and Dean had done for years, so Castiel wondered why the routine had changed when it was just Dean and himself. He had wanted to ask but bit his tongue—still wary of initiating any kind of argument that could blacklist him the same way Sam had been. But it wasn’t long before the reason became clear.
“It isn’t your fault, Dean. I just…,” Cas sighed, his expression knitting into a grimace, “I’m sorry I walked out like that. I didn’t let you finish your steak.”
“We are our Father’s creations—all of us. Even after all the horrendous things I have done… things I can never atone for… I haven’t forgotten that.”
Castiel tilted his head in contemplation, his lips slightly puckered in confusion and he squinted at the television as he tried to see if there was a message he wasn’t receiving or a point he wasn’t getting. But still, after five different commercials played with no breasts or burgers in sight, he didn’t understand—though so far it was the only ad he remembered. His mind was blank of another he could compare it to.
