Tony doesn’t comment on that. This wasn’t his. This was a different Tony. He never went to the zoo with Nat. Bucky and Clint never planned a birthday party for him. They didn’t like him that much. They barely tolerated him.
“ Tony, Strange won’t be able to make it today. He said he’s at some conference with Christine.” Bruce said
“ Yeah you’re right. It’s my middle name and I had no idea what my parents were thinking in naming me that. It’s so old fashioned. Almost obsolete. “
“ Clint is right,” Sam piped up as he took an ice pack from Bruce and placed it over his eye. “ Maybe Tony Just needs to sleep with them.”
Steve nodded and swam closer to where he could pull himself up onto the beach. Howard ruffled his hair and laughed when Bucky nudged him out of the way so that he could be petted instead.
Tony continued to walk until he climbed the steps and had entered the enclosure. He didn’t see anyone until. Tony heard a happy squeal and looked at the rock island in the middle and saw Wingheads tail as it disappeared into the water. And before he knew it he was pulling himself onto the beach. He was chirping happily and quickly made his way over to Tony. He butted his head against his good leg and rubbed his body against him. This close, Tony wasted his reddened eyes. If he wasn’t wet, he was sure he would have seen tear tracks as well.
The team you and the asshole version of myself” Steve huffed at the jab,” lead together. Steve here went to the army for the allies and was given the serum. On the other hand, I was recruited to Hydra with Bucky. But we were never really in combat and when the Axis powers lost the war, it was decided we were to go under cyro until we were needed. We both woke up several times, we weren’t brainwashed as much as like your version of the Winter Soldier. We were placed on full active duty when the Taskforce came about-“
Tony heard voices up ahead and saw a large wooden door open as he and the rest of the group were ushered in.
Thor chuckled . “ How about you two are coming back from a war and Tony is your wife missing her two warriors?”
Harry looked at him stupefied. “ No baby, no. It’s not that. You have a boyfriend remember?”He cooed as he rubbed his exposed hip.
“ Well whatever it is, I’m fine as long as they stop fucking bitching. “ Tony said as he directed his attention to the TV. What could go wrong with them getting along?
“ Maria is a genuine concern of mine. He is not safe to be around Tony. The man landed on that Maserati that bought for his birthday.”
Steve gently placed Tony On his feet and strides over to a cabinet where he grabbed a wine bottle and sat in a fluffy arm chair. He took a swig from the bottle before sighing.
Steve hummed as he continued to stir the Mac and cheese, the glare not affecting him one bit. He was finally glad he had him, his one and only true love.
Wade looked at him alarmed as Peter began to cry. “ S-Sorry. I-I-I...” Peter shook his head and put his face in his hands.
Stephan smiled, “ I missed you too. I’m sorry Christine had to cancel our little get together but the hospital called her in last minute. I’m here because apparently SHIELD has acquired a few more sirens.”
Steve came back up to kiss his lips. Tony kissed back and felt steve drag him across the threshold and close the door. He was so consumed by the kiss that he didn’t notice how far they had gone into Steve’s suite until Tony felt himself tumbling on the bed.
He gulped. “ I... I wanted to start a real relationship with him. I was tired of just the brief kisses and the flirting. I wanted to love him and court him properly like he deserved. I asked him to meet me. I was going to tell him I was leaving Hydra for good. I went to his Tower and...” the Commander fell to his knees and began sobbing, covering his face. “ He shot him! My best friend killed the love of my life! He called him a distraction and killed him!”
“ I understand that. And Tony I need you to understand that this behavior upsets them. So I need you to try and Tone it down a bit. Grant, Steve you cant just beat up someone just because they were having a friendly banter with Tony and especially when you don’t know all the details. You broke Bucky’s nose and leg.”
“ Well he can be happier with friends. A happy little human can do miracles in bed when they are happy.”
He broke the surface seconds later. He coughed out water and get a hand slap him on the back, helping him dispel it. He felt himself being adjusted and laid on his stomach. He looked down as was face to face with Winghead. He was casually gliding the surface of the water, rubbing comforting circles on Tony’s back. He was whimpering and looked up at him apologetically.
Hi here is the next chapter. Hope you like it:) please leave your comments. Also please give ideas for additional stories:)
“I might have worked for them, but I never hurt Tony you prick.” He snarled as he struggled against his bindings. Shit Tony really didn’t want to explain This to Fury right now.
Tony held on to Bucky’s head as he felt his hips move on instinct. Steve pulled Tony’s head away form his mouth and began to assault his throat with kisses and bites. There would probably be love marks in the Morning but at this point he did not care.
The elevator stoped and gave a soft ding. The elevators slowly opened. Tony gasped at the sight in front of him.
Hi sorry for the delay. I hope everyone likes the new chapter. Please leave your comments and happy holidays:).
“ Well i don’t care if the other girls are wearing fucking string bikinis to school, you will not dress like a street walker. And when the hell did you start wearing thongs?” Steve was shouting at this point. Pietro was sitting next to Tony eating a bowl of cereal and ignoring him. Did they not know when to respect their guests. He wasn’t asking for like a sonnet of his greatness but a simple “ Good morning” would do.
“ You know Aunt Wanda has some weird mind reading power right? She could tell my parents and it will be a shit show.” Morgan moaned as another thrust rubbed against his prostate.
“ Fuck that shit, I’m going to where Nat has to where a bikini and where I can drink alcohol before noon.”
Tony felt himself being flipped until his back hit the soft mattress. He gave a loud moan when steve readjusted and thrusted into him.
The red head rolled her eyes, “ Yeah, like he is going to hold you accountable. We run you on a conservative platform Steve. This is not that platform.” She said, motioning between Steve and Tony.
He said he didn’t get to thank me personally the day before and had wanted to take me to dinner but I had taken off.  I told him that I was needed here and didn’t want to leave them a man down too long.
“ Well I like the name Winghead, so I’ll keep calling  him that. You can call him whatever you want. I may just start calling him stubborn bastard instead.”
Tony groaned and relaxed when he get steve speeding up. Tony panted and clawed at the table at he felt his body being shaking form each hard thrust.
He placed his hand in a gauntlet and took the elevator down to where he saw the stones being held from the security feed. There were only two Hydra guards. He could do this.
Peter just wished that he could be with Wade like that. He wanted to show him how much he loved him. He wanted to be serious with Wade. He knew omegas Wades age wouldn’t have this problem. Why should he?
“ This has got to stop. I don’t care if it makes you sad if I leave, I will pick my friends over you. They are important to me.”
At some point he found himself with the littlest member of the group thrusted into his arms. The infant was happy to rub its hands over his mustache  and blow raspberries at him.
“I wish you would have told me earlier you knew about them so I could have avoided being in the same room as Harry Potter,” Tony mumbled.
“ I’m coming,” And Steve came with a yell second later. Steve pulled out and flopped beside Tony as Grant undid his cuffs and readjusted his body to were he was spooned by Grants larger body.
Steve sighed and dragged a hand down his face. He was not in the mood for this. “ Ok, fine. Take your time,” he grumbled.
Peter laughed as he lightly pushed on Morgan’s shoulder. “ Stop being vulgar. And no I didn’t. We are just classmates.”
Steve seemed to preen at that. Tony needed to make sure he stayed charming to keep in this guys good graces. Maybe he could acquire so things to get back home if he did so.
“ Hey buddy, it’s okay. Im not going to hurt you.” Tony held out the whole fish in front of him, his other hand up, his palm facing outward. He was crouched down and crawled forward.
“ Mr. Stark, you need to take care of them. Steve is obviously the leader of this group and he seems to be neglecting them because he is too busy  trying to find you.  He waits by the door every morning and he will sometimes break out and wait in the common area were the Avengers usually hang out. He misses you Tony.”
“ Yeah...yeah they are. Bucky, the Winter Solider, he...he lynched black people... burned down a church once that was predominately African American. He kidnapped me. I’ve been here for three years now. He has some strange notion or fantasy that we are in a relationship. And I have a feeling Steve thinks the same. That’s Commander Hydra.”
Somehow in that little cyborg Brain of his, it translated to that he needed to somehow help with this mission and he invited himself along. It was pretty annoying. It was supposed to be a week long recon mission with just a small group but it became a giant pin in the ass. The whole mission he wouldn’t shut up and he kept trying to impress me I guess with the Strategies he came up with and all the freaking war stories he had. The asshole even went as far as leaving his damn post one night to buy me flowers and like a breakfast wrap for the Morning and we had almost missed our target moved. It was a nightmare.
Morgan smiled up at him. He thinks he is in love. They’ve been seeing each other for about six months and his infatuation for him is still strong. He just hopes that when he tells him he is actually in high school and not a college student that he won’t get mad with him.
Tony huffed angrily as he threw his pillow across his room. He was promised a week. But no Strange said it would take longer. He would have accused him of just trying to delay his departure if he hadn’t been so rudely transported to Strange’s lair. The man looked as if someone had beaten the shit out of him and dragged him through a pile of flaming hot coals. Tony has also noticed that his hair was emitting smoke as if he had just put a fire out. Yeah it looked like Strange wasn’t kidding when he said that it was going to be a lot tougher than he had originally thought. He said he can get the infinity stones so Tony didn’t have to worry about them but he would need more time to create a portal and with that he had sent him back to his room before he could ask any questions.
“ Yes. Coulson even tried playing some of the games you play with Winghead but he prefers you instead. He got out again today and went to the kitchen to try and steal that chocolate cake you like.”
“Sir, the Commander’s heart rate is dangerously high. I don’t think he’s comfortable to answer that question.”
He just nodded. He followed the rest of the group to the elevator that was to take them down to the training area.
“ Exactly. I know I’m the cool parent. It will teach you not to go out with alphas like Wade, especially older ones.”
He glared at Quentin over his shoulder, “ Mark my words Beck, hurt my son and I will end you. “ he growled.
Tony spit out his coffee as he stared at the screen in utter surprise. That was defiantly Schmidt and he did not look happy at all. And then of course it had to be Christine Everhart. doing the interview
Clint chuckled. “ Black Widow 1, Winter Soldier 0. Don’t worry Buck, I’ll reset the scoreboard at midnight tonight.”
“ Well you did and you broke his wrist. He’s part of the team Steve. We need Iron Man and we need Tony Stark. And more importantly he is our friend.”
Tony must have been really deep in thought as he didn’t know notice how much closer Barnes got. The werewolf poked his stomach gently with his nose Tony tried to back up but tripped.  Bucky moved closed again and nuzzled his neck. He moved to his face and began licking it. He gave a little whine as he continued to lick his face. Tony didn’t know what he was whining for. What did he want? For him to jump in the oven and cook himself until he was medium rare or something?
“ Just saying i am an expert of non-communal relationships and all of mine never included snuggling on the couch and watching some stupid lifetime movie.”
Tony heard the impact  of her landing. The creature lowered his body, as if he were defending Tony and turned his head back to hiss at Natasha. An arm was wrapped around Tony’s body and he felt himself become flushed with a very muscular torso. The creature growl and snarled.
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
He smiled cheerfully as he cut a piece of chicken and offered it to Tony. Tony glared at him as he ate it grudgingly. It wild toe the Avengers a bit to realize that Tony is missing but at least he could spend some time with his precious little one.
“ Harry why don’t you seat next to Peter. There is an open seat at his table right there. Mr. Parker can you please raise your hand? See right there.”
“ It’s just a joke Steve. We all know that you are the real pet and this human has you by the balls.”
“ But seriously though Tones,” Rhodey said, “ if they make you uncomfortable you don’t have to see them. I mean... it must be weird to see your parents and your own may be better than-“
Steve and Grant just nodded and contemplated how they were going to handle Tony well they were until Bucky decided to interrupt their thoughts.
“ He  did! You should have seen it! I was there. He got so pissed when the slaver  told him that he wasn’t really meant to be sold to him.” Clint chirped.
Tony came with a loud cry and felt himself go limp. He lied there as Steve continued to fuck into him. It felt like hours later when Steve made a choked sound and Tony felt something hot and slick squirt into him.
Tony looked around the room and noticed the red, white and blue banners hanging from the ceiling with the black wolf tearing up in his hind legs in the middle. The furniture seemed a bit antique, but well preserved. The fire place was already lit in the hearth to his left. Other than that, it was minimally decorated.He walked forward to a door on the opposite side.
“ I’m fine,” Tony called out as the creature continued to alternate between nuzzling and licking. The creature started to purr above him, obviously happy about something.
“ Ok Tony. We can keep Bruce here if that  makes you feel comfortable.” Bruce rolled his eyes, resigning himself into one of Tony’s therapy sessions, “As you pointed out, it is important to solve any tension within the team, especially among team leaders, so that we can have a stronger and more cohesive team.”
A sharp cry from the hologram got there attention. The creature was curled up into a ball, his face in his hands and his shoulders shook from high pitches wails.
“ Always such a greedy little creature. Can you bring the rest over here? The rest of your pod? I would like to meet them. And I promise not to hurt them. “ Bucky nodded and moved himself from Tony’s lap to headed toward the water.
“ No. No. come here.” Harry motioned Peter to lay down on him. Peter reluctantly  complied and snuggled under his chin. Harry wrapped his free arm around him and stroke his back. “ You are the kindest and most beautiful person I know Pete. You’re so smart and kind.”
Now, Tony wasn’t so sure. He wanted to do nothing more than to kick both Grant and Steve out of the tower through the balcony window and see if they can survive the drop. The two had been arguing non-stop since this morning. And it was a stupid argument. It wasn’t even if Bucky can stay at the Tower instead of the upstate facility. No, it was why they had caught each other sleeping outside of Tony’s room.  At this point Steve was accusing Grant of being a creepy stalker while he was accusing Steve of being control freak who wants to monopolize Tony.
The vampire groaned and flashed his teeth. He large hands were currently massaging the globes of Tony’s ass. He leaned forward and nipped at the exposed collar bone in front of him, making Tony winced slightly. And that was one of the reasons why he was a bigger nuisance to deal with than usual. He had been more nippy than usually, leaving bite marks and bruises littered  all over his body. “ Watch the teeth there, Dracula,”
“ Well I’m his fucking whore aren’t I? Pretty hard to do that if you can’t touch.” Tony interrupted before he went on on some speech about respecting the king.
Tony climbed on top of Cap and squirmed around, pushing down on CAps head at one point, until he got a glimpse of...,
“ Man what is that delicious smell?” Sam said as he walked in.  He stopped shower when he saw Maria and Howard.
Tony looked up to see a brunette with shoulder length hair and a string jaw followed by a beautiful African American woman dressed a shimmery red dress that went mid thigh.
Tony heard a pained howl. He turned to see Bucky knocking Steve into the kitchen island. Steve slumped down and didn’t move.
Tony sighed. “ Next time, don’t panic like that and please explain yourself.” Grant kissed his cheek and murmured in agreement.
On the ground was a blonde man covered in flour and ketchup as well as the blueberry sauce of the pie he was currently eating. He looked a lot like-
“No he isn’t. That whole scene was my idea. I wanted him to tie me up and I wanted him to film it so that we can have something to look at while I’m away with you guys on vacation He didn’t want to do it. The only reason why we did it was because I wanted to do it. He is not taking advantage of me. And if you can’t accept our relationship then I guess you can’t accept me.”
“ What do you mean ‘ok’? Tony he worked for Hydra. He could still be working for Hyrda. He could hurt you. Let’s not do anything until the rest of the team gets back.”
“ I’m saying that I’ll walk away from my family to be with Quentin. It will hurt me to do so,” Peter sniffled. He god he was beginning to cry, “ But I will because I love Quentin. He means so Much to me. And yes he did some things in his past that he is not proud of, but we gave all done that we weren’t proud of and he has done better for himself and I love him.” Peter was sobbing at this point.
“ Yeah. You told me every night before I went to bed. Is there a reason for you telling me this? Those were just stories. “
What surprised Tony the most was when Loki started crying and accusing Thor of not loving him. Thor then approached the distressed Loki cautiously and explained again that he had indeed been very busy. That didn’t seem to placate Loki at all and had instead caused him to start to sob and cry out that Thor didn’t have time for him and no lo be loved him.  Dumbfounded,  Thor invited Loki to come back to the Tower.
“Before the whole Iron Man thing… it was bad. And I honestly think there was no one able to help him, even if Rogers had been freed from the ice earlier, even if they had gotten along from the beginning on. He was… a lot more messed up.”
“Nah, he still has the kid around. He’ll be fine in time,” a third voice argues and carefully Peter leans forward. Nothing. Where the heck are they?!
He knows it makes sense. During weekdays he stays at the tower, close to the school and his friends, on weekends he drives out to the facility to see his family. He doesn’t have a problem with that, he really doesn’t, but after the drama around this Sokovia mess started –
He means both of his fathers, but only one is able to face his anger, and the simple reminder of what he has lost, of what is no more in their future, makes him give in to the fear bubbling right under his skin. He tries to hold the tears appearing in his eyes back, but with every word they become more and more audible in his shaking voice, which grows quieter and quieter.
For several seconds he keeps quiet though. Watching his father work, lost to the world and in one barely anyone can truly follow… Tony Stark is a marvel and mystery all the same. It’s not the first time Peter watches him silently, it’s not the first time Peter is eager to join him in his projects and throw in some suggestions from time to time…
It is obvious what he wants to talk about, so Peter doesn’t give him the chance to do so, when he only just pushed his doubts and fears aside to motivate himself for what lies ahead of him. Quickly he unbuckles the seatbelt and jumps out of the car with a cheerful “Don’t worry, Happy, this’ll be fixed sooner than the stupid fridge.”
He might know where pops and the others are. This is better than- It’s his chance. The only one to seriously get something done.
A memory pops up, from Nate’s chat with his colleagues, and suddenly the anger that began to bubble up at the man sticking his nose in other people’s business (even though it is his too ever since Peter decided to kidnap him) evaporates into more doubts upon doubts.
Also he has no clue what to make of that guy. Not at all, despite their hour-long car ride here. Travelling into a foreign country, or even state, with him possibly isn’t his brightest idea, he briefly considers, while they cross the mowed down field towards a tiny plane.
With a shake of his head Nate refuses to answer straight away and chooses a free parking spot in front of a run-down diner. When the engine dies down and Peter is still staring at him in irritating stubbornness (he perfected it somewhere between overprotective parents and being invisible to the outside world), Nate finally returns his look with one he is unable to decipher.
“Just outside the garage,” he says with a breathless voice and then adds on a whim, “He was trying to show me some stupid invention, I told him it wouldn’t be safe to use, but-“
Things surrounding this SuperfamilyAU will be explained during the story, if you have specific questions though let me know and I'll make sure to include them.
Even though he tries to be as nonchalant as possible and no one is in the living quarters of the Avengers anyway at the moment, Peter sneaks quick glances over his shoulder and around corners to avoid anyone he doesn’t want to meet (basically everyone except for Rhodey; Tony is on top of that list by far).
And even though he clearly heard him, even though Tony knows how wrong this is between them, he still refuses to look Peter in the eyes and seems to genuinely be at a loss of what to do with him.
especially…) is to not let it show on his face. Something not easily achievable, if his wide opened eyes and the paleness of his cheeks is anything to go by.
“He won’t notice shit,” Peter mumbles bitterly and crosses his arms in front of his chest. Nate’s eyes seem to bore into the back of his head.
not a proper explanation, but he can’t bring himself to tell an employee of all people about the dirty details. Even if Nate seems to be the only chance he has at the moment to get his dad back. Both of them, actually.
The other, stronger part of him approves and stares at his father’s back with a cold stare. This is his dad, for God’s sake. He shouldn’t be like this, not towards him, never fucking ever. And maybe he is able to get him back this way, maybe even both of them, if he only can make him understand…
“I can’t bail out just like that or Mary is going to kill me, so you’ll have to wait for your little trip to your ‘relatives’,” he says with proper air quotes and Peter rates his companion for not moving a muscle at the ridiculous sight. “But have a proper look at her, while I’ll fill the tank and then tell Mary that we will have guests. You should still know your way around her, just don’t touch anything important.”
It sounds like one of those ‘I’ll-run-to-my-daddy’-cards that make him cringe, but for the moment it seems to work. Nate blanches a few shades and wearily agrees, before he lets Peter pull him onwards.
You guys are absolutely amazing and I seriously can't thank you enough for the overwhelming support you showed this lil piece of work. =)  You keep the motivation high - even though there is more than enough atm. I saw the new Spiderman movie finally on Friday last week, since it only came out on the 13th here in Germany. Finally found a friend who likes English as much as I do, so we went to see the original version together. It's amazing. I can't even- It was wonderful. Saw it again in German on Sunday, tomorrow again for my lil sis' birthday! ^-^
The inaudible sigh of relief is still easily detectable in his friend’s and mentor’s voice, as Peter roams through the filled fridge, one hand on the handle, the other on a package of cheese. True, he has been feeling like death warmed over after the end of the school trip to Oscorp, but at the end it was a simple cold that came and went just as quickly. No need to worry.
Peter blinks. At the end of the corridor they appear, still outside of the cubicle area. Are they genuinely deaf or something to yell so loudly? Even if it’s a Sunday, even if they appear to be the only ones around…
The guilty feeling in his chest makes Peter reconsider for precious seconds, as they storm out of the door onto the large parking lot. Can he really leave his dad behind, just like pops did? Is it worth in the end, or will Peter involuntarily cut all still-existing ties between his parents with his actions?
And hey, if not even Peter can keep his dad sane and away from the bottle, if even his employees doubt his sanity regarding the situation…
“Where are you guys from? Haven’t seen you about and usually we rarely have new faces around here,” she quietly asks and glances up at him for a moment, before her eyes return to her task.
“Nothing,” he blurts out in a too high voice that obviously gives him away and would leave aunt Nat cringing, so he quickly adds as Happy silently lifts one eyebrow, “I forgot to clean my room. Again. But I really want to get to dad and pops, so can we just-“
The door is off its hinges, barely hanging on and revealing the broken fridge and its flickering light inside. Peter broke it. The fridge.
“Sure,” he answers the mechanic voice (it’s not real, no matter how hard his dad tries) and finally stands up to stretch his aching muscles. Maybe he should have gone to bed the evening before, maybe he shouldn’t have stayed on the couch glaring at the muted news in his miserable state, but…
to be, like a tease from his subconsciousness that wants him to realize how hopeless this whole situation really is…
Happy teases back with a tone in his voice that sounds only half as sarcastic as usual. Peter lets it go for once and is about to close the fridge door again to get ready…
“I think he has been ever since they got back to the compound. So… we argued, things escalated and… now we’re here.”
He is still there. It’s tough, more so than ever, but he is still his father below the rough attitude and that’s everything Peter needs to keep on hoping.
I'm terribly sorry for the delay. I started my new apprenticeship and I literally typed about 200 words this week, because I was gone all day every day. Not sure I can crush out the next chapter this weekend, since I still need to pre-write/note it down in detail. Bear with me guys, at least the chapter is about 4k words long. Also - thank you for the continuing support. I love every kudo, every comment, every bookmark, every sub and hit. <3
“Of course it is,” Peter whispers in a quieter voice than he would have liked to, but the fear and hurt in his veins render him useless. “You’re my parents.” It sounds like an accusation more than anything else.
Friday’s confirmation is followed by a voice that unwinds his tense frame for a moment, until Peter realizes that it is his voicemail. But seeing as his uncle is god knows were doing god knows what, it’s probably the best he will get at the moment, so he frantically thinks of how to begin, while getting ready at the same time (because Happy can’t get into the kitchen and see the damage, otherwise Tony will know
“We need to go,” he presses out breathlessly and turns to Nate’s pale and worried face. The grin and former amusement have disappeared completely.
“I am so sorry,” the young waitress blabbers, as she kneels down at Peter’s side to wipe up the rest of his coke. For an awkward moment her shoulder-length hair gets in the way and blond strands land in his face, which results in him nearly hitting her in the face, before both of them break out laughing.
“Here we are,” the unexpected voice from the front seat pulls him out of his thoughts and with surprise Peter looks out of the window over the large compound. They have already arrived?
“We are going for your car,” he casually answers and refuses to elaborate on the second part, while he lets his eyes roam over the scattered cars on the mostly empty parking lot. With a resigned sigh Nate takes over again and steers them left to an old Jeep that looks more like a rust bucket than the fancy cars they just walked past in the garage.
The equipment will undoubtedly find them one way or another  - the only thing Peter doesn’t have is the time though. It’ll take ages, there for sure will be cameras all over the place with the amount of expensive projects and prototypes, and any unauthorized access to the database will set off alarms in an instant.
When he trusts himself enough to not look panicky at the prospect of basically kidnapping someone and to be calm enough to get his point across, he glances up into the surprisingly composed and slightly worried face of the otherwise unknown man in front of him.
“By the time we reach one of the major airports in New York City, Stark will be all over the place with his AI. We have not the slightest chance to get away unseen if there is even one security camera he can hack into.”
Yes, Tony did hold it against him at first and was ready to throw the book at him. He was willing and did go to war with Rogers, but that's the past, and Tony wants to keep it there. Those days were bloody, painful times that will haunt Tony's dreams for years. For a while, he had thought the only way to end the war was for one of them to die, and towards the end, Tony had thought it would be him. He was ready in fact as he was the one that the world needed less.
Smiling at a young boy, Steve put his finger to his lips to indicate for the kid to keep quiet. "That little boy."
"As for the tracker. In one of your better moment, you decided that a tracker would be unethical. I was quite proud of you in that moment and pleased that I did not have to report you to the authority for stalking."
Two unknown, elderly men were nestled on a couch next to Steve, and just like Steve and Bruce, these two men were quiet, watching the room. One of the old men was eyeing Steve, while the other scanned the room. The man with a worn cane smiled at her when he noticed her in the doorway.
"Don't worry about," Bruce waved off. He didn't need a pissed off Captain America, because they had other things to worry about. "I'm not an expert in portals. I think we'll need help with this one."
However, the tone annoyed Toni like no other, because this woman was not allowed to feel sorry for her, especially after what she had done. "You two can take whatever you're selling and shove it, and if you try to stab me with that, I'm going to go all ninja on your white ass. Won't even need the suit." She replied. "Cool kids don't do drugs."
Tony chuckles, really chuckles. He doesn't know what he would do without his bots. "Oh, what have you done to our least favorite Super Solders?" Sure, it hurts to think of them, but FRIDAY has his attention now, and he needs this. He needs something to laugh at, because if he doesn't, his angst takes over, and all he can think about is pain. So he listens as FRIDAY lists what she has done to the Soldiers, who are trying their hardest to get into the lab.
Jones let out a sigh as he wobbled to his grandson. Each step looked painful to the old man, but he never showed it on his face. He was all smiles. "And we can't have that," he said, rubbing Trip's bold head. "Why don't you have hair?" he teased. "This would be better if you had hair."
"Okay, we can stop that," she stated. "I may be a woman, but I'm not going break." She narrowed her eyes. "I will pound you if you don't stop." She waved her fist at him. "Trust me. I will!"
Steve opened his mouth, but before he could speak, JARVIS interrupted, "Captain Rogers, Dr. Banner as returned."
"I'm starting to think you don't want me to leave," she replied as she fought her urge to sleep. She hoped he couldn't see how exhausted she was as she didn't want
Again, Rogers stared at her. "No," he stated a little bit too strongly. "He's my roommate. His name is James Barnes, but I call him Bucky," he said quickly.
The rebel in Toni stood there for a few seconds. She hated this following orders without question. She liked to question; she was a scientist. She didn't take anything at face value, which was another rule she lived by.
She glanced back at the huge metal lab door before she walked away. She didn't make it far, running into Jones and Dugan, who smiled at the sight of her. "So what are you two up to?" She asked, eyeing them. "And should I be scared?"
She goes straight for the kill shot, doesn't she? Natasha will never hold back no matter what, but Tony wishes she would just this once. "Why did you move me to my room?" he asks, changing the subject. "Not that I mind. So love my bed. Had so many fun times in this thing."
"Oh, that," she said, putting on an innocent smile. "Well, don't take my stuff." Yes, she regretted it, but she wasn't going to tell him that. That one of the lessons that her father taught her: never admit when you're wrong.
"They might, but I need to look at them." Bruce eyed the alcohol in Steve's hand. "So how are you functioning?" He asked again. "Is it wise for you to go on these assignments?"
He glanced up from his desk and stared at her for a few seconds before he answered. "Sark," he said, still using that fake last name of hers while officers walked in and out to talk to Phillips. "What are you doing here?" he asked, eyeing her.
"Yup, that's what I thought you would say," Barton replied as he got to his feet. He stretched for a few short seconds before following after the Captain. "Okay, let's go. But Natasha will hunt you down when she finds out, which won't take long."
Toni knew how that was, as she was the same way. She didn't care easily. "And your point?" she asked as she started to step down the hall.
Barnes hasn't spoken another word or moved, and Tony doesn't know which reaction is worse. Steve's voice hits him right in the heart, while Bucky's silence finishes the job. This hurts more than he expects to, hurts more than anything he has ever felt before. It hurts more than the two of them beating him into a bloody mess. "No, Cap. It's over," he utters as he puts on one of his many masks, which will be the only way he can make it through this. And before Steve can say another word, Tony limps out the door. "You two have fun without me, though I have no doubt that you will."
There was no real reason for Toni to ask as she already knew Sassy's feelings for Steve, and she knew Steve was love sick for Peggy. Their puppy love made her pukey, but it was kind of cute. Steve was adorable when he was in love. "I can play Cupid!" She jumped to her feet.
Just like the 1940's, she was truly alone with no one to help her. Now, that was a kick to the head. No suit, no phone, no technology, and working on very little sleep. She didn't know how she was standing, but she did know that she was totally screwed. Was she going to die here? And where the hell was she?
"And none of you know how to cook?" Tony asks, looking at the frozen chicken that Wilson had pulled out. "And you people think I'm spoiled."
The Genius let herself relax as she strengthened her legs. "So what were my father's instructions?" she asked. The Howling commandos gave each other a look, which Toni did not like. She was not a child, who needed protection. She would take care of herself.
Toni felt his hand leave her body, and she feared that she would not feel a comfort of a friend again. Yes, she considered the Copsicle a friend, even if it didn't look like it. She tried to turn her head and see where he had gone, but she couldn't keep her eyes open. "S-Steve," she called out. It wasn't louder than a whisper and there was no way he could have heard him call out.
"I have to find her," he spoke quickly as he crossed to his coat that she left on the couch. "What was she thinking?" He paused as he felt himself get angry. "She wasn't." He was getting angrier at her with each passing second. "Didn't she think we would worry about her?"
Bruce must've said something as Steve pulled her into his arms and stood. Like he wasn't even holding her—held down by her weight-, he got to his feet in mere seconds and grace. Keeping her warm, he held her close as Bruce laid the blanket over her. Just before she passed out, she could feel someone squeeze her shoulder, and she couldn't stop the warm flooding though her body.
ran over by a bus, Toni crawled to the top of the bed. Feeling like she was dragging a dead body behind her, she wriggled under the covers. She wanted nothing more than to hit the 'hay' even if the idea of dreaming was scaring the crap out of her. Why did she leave her sleeping pills at the tower? She wanted to sleep; she really did, but Barnes' chilling expression came rushing back, haunting her. With a deep snivel, she curled under the blanket and pulled it tight about her. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to rid herself of Barnes' angry face.
"You will thank me in the morning," he said, as he slid the shirt down and passed her head. He helped her put her arms in the sleeves as he pulled it down, grazing her chest. Toni groaned in respond as Steve continued to lower the shirt over her stomach. "Oh, you will," he said, turning his attention to her pants, still wet. He leaned forward, reaching for the top of her pants.
Toni smiled ear to ear. "If you didn't, I would say there was something wrong with you." For today, she felt better, felt better about Mr. Wilson here. Maybe, she could track this man down later when she was alone. She wasn't sure why she was so nervous now.
Toni was wearing a thin black shirt under the hoodie, and it too was soaked. Steve hesitated for a second before he reached for the bottom of the shirt. He gave Toni a look before he pulled the shirt up. It stuck to her skin as he pulled it off, almost like it was glued, and it took more effort than he expected. He flung the wet shirt aside, not paying any attention to where it landed. His focus were on Toni, and only Toni. She was still shivering, still cold despite the temperature in the room. He could see every bumps and mark on her skin, which did nothing for his nerves.
Her mind wandered to Peggy, and Toni wondered if the agent had noticed that Toni hadn't been sleeping. Yes, she had gone to bed each night with the intention of sleeping, but she just couldn't. She couldn't get her mind to stop, and it would only allow her to rest for few hours before she found herself staring up at the tent. At some point of the nights, she would watch Peggy sleep, wishing she could rest like her. Yes, it was fucken creepy, but she couldn't force herself to look away.
Toni's eyes widened at the sound of that, and her heartbeat begun to race at the mention of her father. Did her warning worked? Did he hear her? Was he live? If so, where was he? She wanted to see him. She needed to see him.
Steve smiled. "Bucky's family was better off than Ma and I were," he said, his accent breaking through. "Growing up, he was the popular kid, getting everything. All the girls. All the friends. He had a future, and I'm ashamed to say I was jealous of him, as he was getting everything that I thought I could never get. It was stupid. I knew it, but I couldn't help it." He smiled softly as he took a deep breath. "Buck was a good friend through it all, and I was jealous of him."
With pain rushing through her mind, what that female commander had said came flooding back. Skully wanted her for something, which was alarming. Why would he want her? Did he know something? "No," she replied, still wondering what he meant by her rabbit was gone.
"Sorry," he replied, eyeing her. "I'm Harvey Spector, name partner at Spector Ross, formally Pearson Litt. Your father, Miss Stark, was a client of ours when we were Pearson Litt."
Before Toni could respond, Rhodes ripped her out of Pepper's embrace into his own. "Rhodes, can't breathe," she muttered in his chest. His grip on was tighter and stronger than Pepper, and there was no way she could break from it.
"Yea, what's that?" Toni asked, eye brow raised. Peggy was up to something and it couldn't be good. She folded her arms across her chest and eyed Peggy. Maybe, her glare could get it out of her.
As she turned to leave, she noticed her stalker again, and this time he was smiling and waving at her. How dare he smile at her like that!? "He's a horrible tail," she muttered as she started to walk after him. Maybe, she could get him in a trap. "Though the question is why he's so horrible?" she asked herself. Tails weren't supposed to be noticed, and if Colonel Salty had ordered someone to follow her, why would they want her to know? Was it an attempted to fool her? Maybe, he wasn't the real tail. Then what was he?
It came rushing back to him in the shower after he had rinsed the soap off his body, and it had almost knocked him flat on his ass. With his hands pressed firmly against the cold tile of the bathrooms and his head down, he held himself up as the water pounded his back. He remained like that for what seemed like hours, and it was surprising that there was still hot water. If this was his apartment, the water would have turned ice cold a while ago, but he supposed Toni would have the best water heater there was in her buildings.
"Oh, Toni," Killian teased, stepping all too close to the brunette for her likening. There was a playful tone in his voice as he spoke. "I wanted to repay you with the same gift that you so graciously imparted to me all of those years ago." He reached one hand forward as if to move the hair out of Toni's face, while the other reached int his pocket for something that the Genius couldn't see. "I must say I'm curious what this will do to you and…the child." He said with a strange look in his eyes. "But think about it. How will it turn out?" he added as he waved the needle in front of her.
Toni jumped as that voice didn't belong to J.A.R.V.I.S. Shifting her weight, she turned toward the French style glass doors leading into the house to see who it was, and to her shock, it was James Barnes. For a second, she wondered how the hell he was at her house, but that only lasted a second as her annoyance at the lack of alcohol was growing. "I want to know why there isn't any alcohol in my drink," she shouted, holding her glass toward Barnes. "Maybe, you could add some?" she asked, putting on a smile.
JARVIS. He couldn't forget about JARVIS. Toni teased him regarding JARVIS, but the AI was a life savior, a sense of balance. Like Toni, Steve relied on JARVIS, though differently. For Steve, it was about the fact that he could ask for help without feeling like a stupid child. There was no judgement. He could ask him for anything and the AI answered. For a Super soldier out of time, that was everything.
"Rogers didn't have to do that," she said looking at the clothes. He really didn't have to do it, because now, she owed him.
So damn it, she was alive, which was what Steve and Pepper were holding on to. Which was why Pepper was rushing back, even when Steve told her she didn't have to, that she was safer at a distance. He told her that he was going to track Toni down, even if it killed him, but he understood Pepper's worry. He understood her drive. If it was him, he would drop—well, he did drop everything without a second thought.
Sam broke out laughing, bending over in a fit of painful, wild laugher. "She's setting up a play date between us. Oh, god." He let out another snicker, almost falling to the ground this time. "This is golden."
He also didn't need the team to know that he was in love- yup, he still got faint of heart whenever he thought of her- with Toni. He wouldn't know how to explain this feelings either. How would he without telling them everything? Also, he had other things to worry about, and that was Loki's obsession with Toni. Why he so focused on Toni? Steve didn't know, but he would let that man anywhere near her.
"You have a broken arm and leg," Steve states, plainly, his eyes falling to the boot on his foot and the cast on his arm. He's glaring at them as if they're the devil.
Toni glanced at Barnes for a second before turning away. "Nope." He was giving her a look, but she just smiled at him.
Though no matter the outcome, she wasn't any closer to getting home, because she needed more than one minute worth of power, and she had no idea of how to get that. Her father and the Colonel had supplied her with a power source, but it wasn't enough. She needed more. She was unsure of where to get that power.
"Oh, look it's the Stars and Stripes," she said, finally after a few long seconds of silent. "Are you all spangled today?"
Toni had almost forgotten about Rogers joining them, and she was not looking forward for that. She couldn't even last a minute with him without an insult or a lecture. "He better hurry. I'm hungry," she chuckled.
Natasha lets out a harsh sigh, clearly irritated. "If you want me to keep Barnes and Rogers out, you need to give me something more than that," she says, waving lazily at him.
Before anyone could respond, Fury and Hill walked through the room. Their eyes went straight to Toni, and stayed on her. "I see you're in one piece, Stark."
"You can't tell me that our late nights meant nothing. You can't tell me that the nickname game meant nothing. You can't tell me our kiss meant nothing. It-"
And She didn't need Steve…even if he did protect her from a fire ball. Okay, maybe that was a plus. Because! Hello, fireball. Like what the hell?! A fireball, seriously?!
"My voice-" Loki started but was unable to finish as the door to the lab opened silencing him. Out of habit, Toni's heartbeat raced as she glanced up, expecting Madame Hydra to walk through the door. Yes, she knew it was highly unlikely and it couldn't be her, but she couldn't help it. Her stalker was also still out there and there was no doubt that they were still after her to give her to Loki, who was right there. This could all be a trick to get her where he wanted.
Toni glared at him. "That means nothing. And here I thought we were getting somewhere," she stated as she turned from him and walked out. He didn't say anything else as he watched her walk away. As she exited, she wondered why the hell he would think that.
"If you aren't talking to Rogers, then talk to me," he replied, unable to mask the bitterness in his tone when he said Steve's name. "Lean on me."
"Are you okay, Agent Carter?" the Colonel asked as he glanced back at Peggy. Toni did feel bad for Peggy's state, because she looked like shit. Her hair was out of place and her clothes were disheveled.
There was no doubt, however, that Toni still had some sense as she was the one who caused this accident and had taken off into the woods to escape her capturers. "That's my girl," he uttered as he got to his feet. Granted, Clint didn't have the best feeling, because if there was one thing Toni was not, she was not a country/wilds type of girl. She and the woods did
"Steve, calm down," Barnes stated. He was standing on the other side of a table, staring between Toni and Steve. "I think Toni is going to kill you if you don't."
Steve smiled, trying to mask the pain of seeing him like this. Would it be this hard with all of his friends? "It's a long story. I came to see how you're doing."
in the middle of the crowded office, front and central for everyone to see. She didn't need that in the media, as the media would have a field day with it. Sure, she didn't expect her employees to sell her out, but having one of
"Well… you know… Rabbits are..." She drifted off with a red face. It was awkward to mention sex to Steve even if it related to a rabbit. "They… breed like crazy. You k-" Steve broke out into a roaring laugh. "Hey! It makes sense!" She stated, trying to talk over his laugher. "You know how he is with the ladies."
Rumlow looked back and gave him a calculated, narrowed look. "Fury wants us back in DC as soon as possible, Cap."
This time these words were hers. The Asset was sure about that, but he had no idea where these words came from. Why did these come back to him? Did he want to trap her? Or was it so he could keep her close to protect her? He wasn't sure, but his urges were coming back. He wanted—no, needed. He needed to protect her for some odd reason. It was probably why he listened to Rumlow when he told him to return or else.
With the gun and a journal tucked in her belt, Toni headed deep into the woods to the point that she couldn't see or hear the camp. Having been to this area a few time, she had set up a mini camp for herself where she could work in peace. She wasn't able to bring her device as the locked suitcase was with the Colonel; he didn't want her to go too far with it. However, she was able to scan the Arc Reactor, without being watched. Taking it partly out, she was able to connect the scanner to it, and though it gave her an idea of what was wrong with it, it confirmed that the reactor could not be fixed in this time. Most of the technology that she would need was not invented yet.
Toni had no idea of how she was able to crawl away because her body felt like it was on fire. Maybe, it was on fire? Every time she moved, pain shot through her, but she kept going. If she didn't, Schmidt would catch her and she would be tortured again. She couldn't last another round.
However, as he thought of Loki, he couldn't get that look Loki gave Toni out of his mind. He kept seeing it as it reminded him as a lion hunting for its next meal. It was a clear sign that Loki wanted something from the brunette, and that comment about a magazine was proof enough. However, whatever it was, Steve wouldn't allow him to hurt his Toni… Wait, his? When did he start referring to Toni as his?
"Agreed," the entire room replies in a heartbeat. Tony laughs as he buries himself into Steve's side.
There was hesitation in her step as he turned down an alleyway; however, she was never one to turn away scared. Walking toward the alley, she tried to ignore her rapidly beating heart, but she was failing; however, she didn't stop, because she didn't play chicken. As she entered the alleyway, she wished her smart phone was working so she could use it as a light, but instead, she just played with it in her pocket. As she walked, the noises of the city begin to die down. It made her wonder if someone would be able to hear her screams if she were to scream. "Relax, Stark," she muttered to herself. "Stop thinking like that. Nothing's going to happen."
It was a torture to look upon his face. Before Steve, the idea of love scared her. Love was a concept she didn't really understand or believed in. Even with the two timelines mixing in her head, she never really experienced it in either life. Between watching her father crumble under the death of her mother and her many failed 'relationship' – if they could be called that—, she had learned love was not real. Yes, she cared deeply for Jim and Pepper and some might call it love, but that was different. There were things that she kept from them, things she was too ashamed to tell. Too scared that they would leave. With true love, there was no secrets. Nothing to be hidden. She had that with Steve before she even realized it.
"Toni, you'll have to tell us. Director Fury won't be easy as me and will want answers. Everyone, including Steve, will want to know."
Steve found his roommate siting at the small table with a deep worried expression on his face. "What do you think she had been through to have dreams like that?" Steve asked as he took a set across from Bucky.
Though her angle made it difficult, Toni watched as the nurse left, and for a few seconds, Toni watched the door as if she expected someone to walk in. When no one did, she felt her heart flop, though she had no idea of why. It wasn't as if she liked the nurse or needed someone at her bed side… No, rather, she wanted someone at her bedside. A certain someone at her bedside.
"I don't-" Toni was unable to finish as Clint yanked her into his arms. "If you ever do that again, I'll put an arrow in you," he said.
Toni could feel his voice cut through the tension in the room, as everyone shifted their attention to Steve. It was only a second later before they noticed Toni standing behind him. Her shoulders stiffened with every eyes on her. "Hey, guys. You miss me?" she asked with a smile.
However, he knew better than to jump head first into the Ocean after the egoist Brunette, who didn't know how to shut up. Sure, the Asset wanted and would find her, but jumping head first into the sea without any rescue gear wouldn't help. If she was still down there at the bottom of the ocean, she would be dead, and there would be no saving her, which also didn't sit well with the Asset. The idea of her dead at the bottom of the ocean felt like someone had stabbed him in the gut repeatedly, and he would do anything to stop that feeling.
Rogers stared at her confused. She had him going around in circles, which wasn't too hard to do. "Again, I don't mean to disrespect you," he stated, unsure of what to say anymore.
At the word family, Toni spun and stare. "F-family?" she asked, tripping over the word. Did he just say family? Why in the hell would he call her family?
The genius hears only a few words here and there, and he doesn't know what either of the men are trying to say. However, even if he is able to make out full sentences, he doubt he'll be able to comprehend what they are saying.
"I think, but I need a drink first," Bruce said, as he walked to the bar and poured himself a whiskey, but it didn't last. The whiskey burned as he downed it in one slip.
"Can you tell me where Toni is? Is she's sleeping?" he asked, hoping that she was asleep even if at the time he didn't.
Steve smiled softly at her as he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her back to him. She didn't fight him again and allowed herself to pull into his arms. "If we're playing the blame game, I beat you. You were unconscious, laying in a hospital bed. How could you do anything?" he asked. "I was the one that was there, that could've stop it. I was the one he was trying to protect."
Ignoring his stupid comment, Toni eyed the book. "How are you able to touch that?" she asked as she just realized he was touching something on her plane. "And you should be!" She started to push up her sleeves.
After telling him she was keeping the ring, she told him the truth. She told him her inter-struggle. She told him she couldn't say yes, but she refused to say no. She didn't want to say no. Just like that, Steve's look softened and he smiled weakly. Without saying a word, she knew he understood, and Toni hated herself even more. She wanted to give him an answer. She wanted to be the person he deserved.
"I don't know if I feel comfortable letting that cube out of my sight," Phillips said, eyeing Toni. It was clear that she was fighting to stay steady on her feet, even with Howard helping to support her.
The Senator got to his foot, still tremoring. "It would have drawn too much attention if I did. There are already whispering along the halls. They don't know it's Hydra, but they suspect someone is in my pocket."
Tony doesn't know what to do with all of this knowledge, but he doesn't like the fact that everyone thinks he belongs with the Brooklyn Twins. He doesn't like the feeling in his gut, telling him that he likes that idea. "Not dating."
However, she didn't even take a step before Phillips grabbed her arm, stopping her. She yanked her arm, trying to break his grasp. "Let go," she demanded loudly, drawing the attention of Howard and Peggy.
Phillips turned back to her, and Toni could see the shock in his face. He wasn't expecting that. "Was that how you got that thing in your chest?" he asked, poking to her chest.
committed. "Sure, I am awesome and there're a lot of things why you should be worshiping the ground I walk on, but what did I do this time?"
Steve let out a sigh. "Toni," he uttered, sounding almost disappointed, as he placed a kiss to the top of her head. "Steve Rogers." He said, stepping away from Toni as to often Sam a hand.
As he rounded the corner the cornered, he noticed a woman, who she wasn't wearing a jacket. "Is she insane?" Steve asked himself. Just to make sure she was okay, he approached her, and to his shock and surprise, it was that lady. "Hey!" He picked up pace.
Trig let out a howling laugh as he stepped back and turned to Gabe and Dum Dum. "I wasn't aware you knew Toni Stark personally, Grandpa. Geez, who else do you know? Do you know the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders? If so, you should totally introduce me to me."
"Doing what?" Barnes asked, still eyeing her. There was a question look in his eyes as he studied her. It was clear that his roommate didn't bring random women home with him.
Again, Rumlow didn't and would never like this plan, but he would go along with it—Oh, Stark was so close to snapping-, because if it is succeeded, they would have everything. The world would be theirs, and there would be no one stopping them. On the other hand, controlling Stark would probably be a pain in the ass, and that was the thought that kept him in check. "Worth the risk?" After the last 'treatment,' the Winter Soldier had been good, listening to every commend without hesitation, but it was still a risk.
Bruce stepped toward Steve, giving him a look. "Same here," he said, putting a hand on Steve's shoulder. "Don't hurt her, Steve. People might fear Natasha, when she's angry- which is always, but when the Hulk is angry, you better run. Granted, you can't hide from the Other Guy for long, because he
The weird words and voices were echoing in his head again as turned from the window. His blade cut into his hand as he could hear nothing else, but it was of no concern to the assassin. The pain barely registered with him as the knife dug deep into his hand. He could barely feel the blood as it trickled down his fingers, dropping to the ground. Both the Senator and Rumlow turned to him, each giving him a wild look, as Rumlow's hand dropped to the gun on his hip.
Maybe, I can slip my hand out of if I dislocate my thump, she thought, but she disregarded that thought. If she did that, she would have two worthless hands, and she needed at least one working hand. Maybe, I should just stay still and wait to see what will happen. She knew if she tried to escape it would make her look guilty, and that wouldn't help her. If she wanted to get out of here and back to her device, she would need them to let her go.
Leaning over Rogers, Natasha gave her look as she reached and snatched Toni's arm. Not giving Toni a chance to escape or fight, the super spy yanked her, almost pulling the genius into the car. With gently and firm grasp, Natasha twisted Toni's wrist as she pushed Toni's sleeve up to reveal the bruise. She didn't say a word, as her eyes studied the nasty, dark purple mark on her arm. She ran her thump over it, testing how sensitive it was—which it was.
He stepped to her, his eyes on her tensed shoulders. "I care about you… deeply care," he said, afraid to use the word love. "I hated how we left things in both times. I shouldn't have pushed about your father in the labs, and I shouldn't have..." He drifted off when he thought about how he rejected Toni for Peggy. He hated himself for that. "You're s-"
Toni didn't have time to think or catch her breath; she had to strike now. She reached for the other gun and drew it before the Commander could pull the blade out. She took aim at the woman, but the other Hydra Soldier came flying at her. Turning to him, she fired and hitting him in the shoulder. He stumbled back, but it didn't stop him, and he continued his attack. Toni fired again, and this time he went down, but before she could do anything else, the Commander was up and on her again.
"Finally," he muttered as he entered the dark lobby, freeing himself from the noise of the party upstairs (if he could call it a party). "I wonder how long Steve's going to be." He crossed to one of the navy blue chairs to sit, when he noticed Toni sitting on the dirty white floor in the corner of the room. She was staring out the window at the heavy snow. "Toni," he called as he walked to her.
He exhaled slowly and crawled into his bed, not even bothering to change out of his dirty uniform. Laying on his back, he stared up at the ceiling, thinking about how Toni disliked him, and he couldn't blame her. With the way he treated her, he would hate himself too. One second, he treated her like a spoiled rich girl, who couldn't do anything; and then next, he treated her as something fragile, something that he had to protect. Though he didn't mean to, he made her feel like a child, which was the last thing he wanted. He wanted her to feel safe not trapped.
Toni reached in her pocket and pulled out her broken smart phone, which wasn't totally beyond repair, but again, she didn't have the materials she need. She might be able to rework the parts. "I can do that when I get back to the apartment," she stated, hoping that Barnes and Rogers hadn't kill each other. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she stood up. She had so much planning that she needed to do. "Maybe, I should try and randomly get caught." Though she would have to tell them the truth (and risk the possibility of being put in a nut house), it might be the only way she could get her device back.
She smiled an evil laugh. "I can go louder!" she squeaked. Though he was the most annoying person on the planet, she had to give it to him: he wasn't all that bad, but she still hated him and he was still an idiot.
Toni did have a slight hangover but it wasn't anything that she hadn't deal with before. Seeing that man yesterday had scared her sober, but it gave her nightmares that kept her up for hours even with the alcohol. She knew she couldn't keep doing this as it would go crazy. It could also hurt the mission… Maybe, she shouldn't go, but she promised Salty that she would. He had done a lot for her, so she would do the same for him, even if it risked the future. I wonder how much of the future I have already messed up, she thought as she took a deep breath.
"Miss, may I remind you that you've been awake for nearly seventy-two hours." JARVIS said, snapping Toni back to reality.
The End for now! I hoped you enjoyed this chapter. Sorry No Rogers this time, but he shall be back in the next.
With a long deep breath, Toni wiped the still lingering tears from her face. If Sharon noticed the action, she didn't comment on it. "More like a Spock fan. I can't lie. He was
Peggy's hand dropped from Toni's shoulder as she took a seat next to her. "Howard's the only one who calls me that."
The nurse smiled. "If you want to talk about hideous, you should've seen the clothes they brought you in or wait you did." She marked down something on her chart and walked out of the room.
Toni glanced toward her father, who had just finished connecting the cube and was typing away. She eyed him for a second before turning to Peggy and Phillips, who were a safe distance away. Peggy's eyes were drilling into her as Phillips nodded at her. Even if she couldn't read his mind, she knew what he was saying.
He knew? Was that why he was so cold to her? Howard Stark was a subject that Toni rarely approached, and she never really brought it up with him. Never. It was only ever in passing, and she would run-though she wouldn't use that word- when he brought it up. "Toni."
Why was the room spinning? Why couldn't she catch her breath? "I wouldn't do that." Toni briefly eyed the card that Wilson gave her, remember what he had said. She just needed to let it out. Just needed to talk about it. Would he pick up? Would he ever want to? She was a killer. "I just want this to stop."
Steve let out a loud sigh, interrupting her, as he got to his feet. "Toni," he uttered, giving her a look before turning to Romanoff. "What's the mission? Is it the Mandarin?"
"JARVIS, is it possible that the device could've sent Toni back in time?" It could be possible, if the right portal was created, and maybe that device did that.
Toni felt the air leave her lungs. "W-what?" she asked, shocked. Her brain couldn't wrap itself around what he had just said.
Hesitating, Steve leaned over and placed a supportive hand on her back. "Talk to me. Tell me what's going on."
Steve fought the anger that was rushing though him, as he couldn't believe she was doing this. No, wait. He could believe it, as this was her pattern. She ran whenever her emotions came into play, and her insults were used to hide what she was feeling. At first, he didn't notice, but as he spent more time with her, he saw it. "Toni, just stop. Stop."
"What are you talking about?" she asked. Her brain went into overdrive as she tried to remember everything from the day that she was transported back to this time. "Why am I asking you? You're no help." She shook her head as she thought about everything that Loki and Thor had ever told her. She finally realize what she needed and what she needed was the Tesseract, which would have unlimited power. It could open portals.
"Rumlow's correct. Easy," Alexander Pierce stated, as he stepped into the room. When he had entered, the entire room had turned to him giving him their full attention. There was no doubt that he was the boss just by his stance; however, he was also put together from head to toes, wearing an expensive suit that cost more than all of their salary combined. "And we need Stark."
He turned back. After a few seconds of silence, he spoke again, "Seems harmless enough. Hard to see what all the fuss is about." He poked at the core again, but this time, it poked back. The core sent out a pulse that shattered everything in its path. The glass could not withstand the wave and it splintered, sending glass everywhere. The pulse also threw the techs and Howard several feet.
Bucky hums into Tony's hair as he calms down almost completely. He seems to relax with the genius in his arms. "So much more," he repeats, softly.
Barnes straightened himself up and walked to her. "Toni," he called when he was a few feet from her. He reached out to her, but she turned away. "He did this, didn't he?"
As if she was nothing—not that she could fire at full strength-, the man deflected the shot with is metal had. "Ты не сделаешь мне больно." He hissed, sounding like he was yelling at her, but his voice didn't rise at all. "И я не сделаю тебе больно"
Without looking up, Barton caught the bulb with no issue. With a smirk, Barton pushed himself up onto his feet as he played with it in his hand. "Good throw, Stark. Nat's training is helping your skinny ass."
She didn't think that would work. She took her head as she exhaled slowly. "Mistake of the tongue. Not sure what I meant," she smiled. She tried to hide it with a laugh
"He also asked us to give this to you," the lawyer said, pulling out another yellow envelope out of his suit case.
"I don't know if I would say top notch if a petite woman got in." Toni let out a chuckle, because she liked how annoyed he was by it. "What did Colonel Salty tell you about me?" she asked, wondering what lie he told them.
Toni's eyes twitched as the sound of his voice. It was sickly sweet. "Who is this Nancy? And do I need to save her from you?" she asked.
Colonel Phillips wasn't a fan of war, but there were parts that he enjoyed more than others. What he was working on was not one of them. He was writing letters to the loves one of the soldiers who were MIA or killed, and it was a draining experience to say the least. Though he knew they couldn't win them all, it cut at him to write these letters. These men were someone's sons. How could he tell someone that their son was dead? What could he possibly say to make it better? There was nothing. Nothing at all. To him, they were an insult…but they had to be done.
With that, Toni felt sick. "You don't need to worry about me. I'll be gone soon," she replied, thinking back to what her father had said by using the Tesseract. He might've been on to something, as the Tesseract could open portals, which was what time travel was. "Besides, I'm not the only one in pain. How are you, Peggy?"
"Long enough to see why Clint needs some bleach," Bruce chuckled with a smile. "You two are sickening cute."
"What? I need bleach for my eyes!" Barton yelled, covering his eyes with his arm. "I thought I said no sex in the living room! What the hell!"
"I…" There was a pause. "But how? I… don't understand," he spoke, looking down at his hands. "I was playing around–"
How the hell did they get here? Steve wasn't sure. At first, he wanted to hold her and never wanted to let go, but now, he just wanted to turn and walk away. "Me? You're the one with a chip on her shoulder." Maybe, she really didn't care about him. Maybe, it was all an act. Would Bucky get a kick out of this? He said it from the beginning that she would hurt him, but Steve never thought it would happen.
Loki stepped to her left, getting within inches from her. "You have nothing to fear. Agree and I can save you from this hellhole," he replied.
Leaning back the best she could, Toni wiggled in her chair. Maybe, she could sing something, because that would surely send them running. Her singing sucked ass so bad that it could shatter glass, though she would defend it if someone else tried to insult it. "I'm on the highway to hell-" she started but she cut herself off after a few seconds. She couldn't sing that song or any song as they didn't exist yet and she couldn't sing a song that didn't exist yet. Closing her eyes and shaking her head, she went through her memory banks. She couldn't think of any song from the 1940's and that annoyed her. How can Toni annoy them if she couldn't sing a song?
him to trust her, to believe in her. She needed him to be on her side no matter the situation, even if she was wrong. She needed him. "Stop," she said, strongly. "I don't need this right now."
"I knew it! I knew you were the government type," Toni said with a first pump. She was glad that she wasn't lost her touch, after all this time. "You have that vibe to you."
With a sigh, Toni took a deep breath as she picked up her head and rested it on her hands. She stared at the wall, trying to will herself to think of something else – something positive, or as positive as it got when the world was at war and Toni being suffocated with guilt over what she could have, should have done. Staring, her eyes had started to drift, but she was startled back awake as she heard someone behind her. She flinched stiffly, when she felt a hand on her shoulder, almost falling out of her chair. "Shit," she curse, trying to regain her balance.
Howard looked at Phillips and wondered what he was up to, but it wasn't his place as he was just the weapon expert. Peggy wanted to say something, but she knew it was best not to fight the colonel.
Clint and Natasha both turned to him and were glaring. "I think he doubts our assassin skills, Nat."
Toni let out a tiny chuckle, because it would have been hilarious, well not to the Private who would have shit his pants. "You don't need to protect my honor, Barnes."
Toni narrowed her eyes at the man, trying to give him a meaningful glare in her exhaustion. No, she didn't want to talk about her nightmares, and she also didn't like how this random stranger could tell within seconds. "You got to pump some alcohol—whiskey's my thing- in me before I spill my beans to a stranger. Ever heard of Stranger Danger?"
She fought the man for a second before allowing him to push her down. "Stark," she uttered as she stared at her father, who was looking intently at her. "W-where am I?" she choked out.
Toni let out a sigh as she sat back in her seat. "Geez, Romanoff, did anyone teach you how you shouldn't interrupt a make out session?" she asked, putting on a goofy smile. She didn't want to think about the 'party' that awaited her upstairs, knowing it wasn't going to be any kind of fun. Plus, she wasn't emotionally ready for that conversion. She was still struggling with her guilt. "Kill each other?"
"Ha ha, so funny," he replied, mockingly. "I'm going to make it up to you. I'm going to be there for you, for all of your milestones." His tone changed, turning soft.
In the time it took for her to turn her back for her 'weapon,' Barnes was gone like he was never there. He vanished into thin air…like a…ghost…Oh, god. She was going crazy. She was completely and totally insane, and that petrified her. Granted, she couldn't really think with her heart beating like a race horse on drugs. With the pounding in her ear, she couldn't make head or tails out of anything. Trying—
Toni eyed the card for a second as she started to shrug off his suit jacket. It had provide warmth, but she didn't need it. She wouldn't take help from anyone. "Here's your coat," she said just as she got it off one the left shoulder.
"Ouch," he replied, placing his hand on his chest. "So much love in this room. I would ask you to pinch me to show you something, but I think you would do more than just pinch." He was flirting with her again.
Why was it so important to know where the good Captain was? "Rhodey! You have to give me the good stuff? What is going on? Tell me!" she said loudly… surprising loudly as she was tired as all hell.
Peggy got off Toni slowly and backed away with her arms in the air. "You don't want to do that," Peggy pleased, looking straight into Toni's eyes as if she was ting to read her.
"Don't make me kick your ass," she said, stomping back to him. "You know I can!" She may have glaring at him, but it was fading, as she stared down Steve's smile. Her left eye was twitching as she ogled his prefect smile with his prefect teeth. "Goddamn it," she cursed. "That smile should be illegal!"
Toni snorted, because she hated the easy way. She liked making things difficult. "If you knew me, you would understand. I won't tell you anything and your male chauvinist ways won't help you, asshole." She didn't know what he was looking for, but she knew she wasn't going to give him anything.
The flooding memories took hold of him and he couldn't rid himself of them. They were a haunting experience that he couldn't shake even when he turned up the water temperature. In a sense, they had glued themselves to him.
He stopped as Pepper had entered the room looking for something. "Have you seen my phone?" she asked looking around to the three avengers. "I need it. I'm waiting for an important phone call."
"Stark, don't you dare," Clint yelled, pointing at her. "I object to this relationship. I liked it better when they fought."
That startled Bruce. "She connected it to the reactor in her chest?" he asked. He didn't think she would take a stupid risk like that.
While the car was no longer there, Clint knew what a car accident looked like. They may clean it up—or attempted to clean it up: the car, the debris, the witness, etc., but there was no cleaning up the aftermath, the mark that was left to the surrounding area. To the normal eye, no one would notice, thinking nothing happened here; but Barton knew better. He noticed the dented tree a mile away. He noticed the snapped branches and the dishevel dirt compared to the rest of the ground. It was were overturned, revealing dirt that had not seen the sun in months. There was also the fact that the highway railing that lined the road was brand new; the cleanup crew may have tried to murk it up, but it had yet to see the years in the sun like the rest of the railing. Lastly, there were too many footprints for nothing to have happened. "Rookies," he muttered. He was following a bunch of idiots.
FRIDAY doesn't waste a second in replying. "It will be my pleasure, Colonel." Tony can't help but snort at this.
With that, Toni was out the door. She could hear yelling the second she reached the stairs and she was glad she wasn't there. Though she yelled and fought a lot, she hated it. Growing up that was all she heard from her parents.
Tony laughs. "Why don't you go bug Barnes if he's such a good cook. He'll probably do it if you keep giving him that face."
It was odd to say the least to see Rhodes fly off in the Iron Man Suit. It was even weirder for him to remain behind, but they were all correct: he needed to rest. He was burning out at both ends and that wasn't good for anyone. If Toni could see him now, she would probably laugh. Toni would probably love to see him like this, because she saw him as Mr. Perfect, a guy who could do nothing wrong. He knew he was part of the reason why she though that, considering how hard he had been on her. He didn't mean to; he just didn't know how to handle her risky behavior.
"This isn't the time for this," Rogers interrupted, glancing between Toni and Howard. He had affectedly silenced the craft with his harsh, cold tone and glare. "We have a mission ahead of us to prepare for."
Toni shook her head, as she tried to clear her mind. After a few deep breaths, she turned to Rogers, who seem to be glaring at something and it wasn't her. What was he glaring at? It couldn't be Barnes, could it? Was he glaring at the hand of the knee? Was he confused by the hand on the knee as well?
Banner let out a sigh as he stepped to the other sigh of the table. "'A warm light for all mankind to share', Loki's jab at Fury about the cube."
With a wandering mind, he kept stealing looks at Natasha, trying to get a read on her. He couldn't tell if she was calm, forgiving, or boiling beneath the skin. She had been uneasily quiet since picking him up, and he wasn't sure what that meant. What was going on in her head? He was half expecting her to pull a knife and gut him like fish, not that he didn't deserve it. He did, and he kind of wished that she would, because he was sickened by that mark on Toni. Sickened. Even now, he couldn't understand why he acted like that. No craze fan could hurt him, even if they tried. He or she could've done nothing to him, unless they were enhanced. He knew this. He knew he overacted, and though he may have a reason, there was no excuse. There was no forgiving that mark.
Did he even think about Peter, or was he unimportant in the face of bitter threats and stupid arguments the second his son drove back to New York City?
There are countless rumors, more than Peter has listened to in the past week and less than what could help him make sense of it all. Maybe he should have actually paid attention to the gleeful newscaster or his classmates’ whispered words. Maybe he should have addressed the topic way sooner and not turned a blind eye towards it all, hoping they would solve it themselves as they usually do.
“An hour ago you were eager to get as far away from your dad as possible – already changed your mind?” Nate asks absentmindedly, while he seems to look for a free parking lot. Contrary to before he appears to be half serious though and belatedly Peter realizes that he probably would like nothing more than to drive him back as fast as possible.
“Exactly,” Nate confirms happily and flips another switch, until the lights turn on. With a nervous glance through the window in front of them Peter checks whether Henry is already on his way back.
And then, when Nate doesn’t lift a finger to follow his request, the panic sets in and the tingling increases to a point that leaves him looking out of the window in open terror. Nothing else is able to form a coherent thought in his mind – something is going on, something really,
“Dammit,” he mutters quietly and puts his hands in his unruly hair to blow off some of the frustration in his pumping veins. Here he is in one of the best equipped facilities in the world with computers and technologies Apple can only dream of, but no way to-
He can feel Pops being caught unaware for a moment, unsure of what to say. Maybe he even contemplates to stay for the fraction of a second. Then he catches himself, heaves a deep breath. His subconsciousness pushes him on, it’s alright, it’s the right decision, he
In front of the passenger door they stop and this time Nate is able to rip his arm out of Peter’s grasp. He tries to not be too obvious in his relief and quickly takes a step back, before his hands can cause any more trouble than he can deal with at the moment.
In the back of his mind he knows pops won’t take it, that he won’t be reachable via his number anymore, but he can’t stop, if Peter stops there is no way for him to fix this mess of a life. And if he can’t fix it, if there is no way-
The endearing nickname, so old and familiar, makes his tense muscles unwind in a heartbeat and with his free hand Peter grabs the dirty shirt tightly, while he buries his head in the crook of his dad’s neck. It’s hard to not let the tears fall – out of relief this time.
To get rid of the tight squeeze in his chest, Peter tries to focus on his other, more emotionally distanced problem.
His room is too secluded. It’s his place, his alone, without the loving memories he connects with their living room – all the evenings shared together on the too small couch, cuddled together and eating unhealthy ice cream, all the times things were too close to not being okay and tears were dried with loving words and dangerous promises.
Because if they have jumped through time itself, if they have managed the impossible and compromised the memories of their past selves already, a little bit more won’t hurt. Not more than it already does.
people. It unravels something tight in his chest, something he tries to pull back but doesn’t have the strength for anymore. “No,” he replies with resent that isn’t aimed at his uncle. He knows – of course he does, of all the people still here he has to know best, but it doesn’t make it any better, quite the contrary. His calm “I understand.” makes it all worse and for a moment Peter wants to yell at him how he doesn’t understand
Now though they seem to need a little bit more, all politics aside for the moment. Who better for the job than their own son? Because at the end of the day they are still family, right?
The A.I. complies and ignores his little sound of discomfort, because she is not Jarvis and there is no Tony to right her behavior, ever since they moved out to the Avengers’ facility just on the outskirts of New York City. Peter can fix it on his own easily, a snarky little voice in the back of his mind says, but he ignores it together with the knowledge that he is genuinely sulking.
So he stays quiet, despite all the unanswered questions and fears slowly bubbling up in his stomach and instead does something that Uncle Bruce might have approved in this kind of situation.
this, the flight, the running away, the thinking about it, the fucking truth for once from someone who gains nothing from lying to him – he exclaims with a trembling voice,
If they have fought, no matter how bad the outcome, pops would be training to let off some steam. He always does to prevent himself from screaming at people and letting his frustration go in a way that could hurt people emotionally and physically.
“I love you,” Peter mumbles and pulls back before Steve can think up encouraging words. With crossed arms he takes a few steps back, nods decidedly and for the first time since the funeral returns the look in his father’s eyes. With the fake security his son gifts him with, Steve heaves another breath, nods to himself and then his companions, before he steps onto the platform. Peter tenses up. Sam takes a step forward to place a hand onto his shoulder, interpreting the signs the wrong way like Peter anticipated him to.
A kiss onto his scalp. His father tightens his embrace, when Peter stays silent and motionless. No tears escape his eyes. Maybe he is still in a state of shock? How long has it been anyway, since-
And with a single word the ugly wound inside of his chest comes undone once more and forces bitter sobs out of his sore throat, while messy tears stream down his face onto the pale pillow.
He chokes on a breath, but the sob threatening his half-aware existence never makes it out. It’ll go away, just keep breathing, in and out, in and out, in-
Then maybe only pops can. Despite their fight, despite the obvious hate Tony has for his missing spouse.
Second – and this is a fear he shoved deep, deep down in his mind, but it needs addressing at some point – pops left. All accords and political threats aside, he left. Wouldn’t have the though of Peter influenced his decision
For a second Tony stills as if he is about to turn around. Instead he keeps standing behind the desk, unmoving and edgy, with an accusation on his lips that nonetheless gives way to the hidden worry and confusion in his voice.
For a thoughtless moment Peter thinks about knocking the poor guy out the way aunt Nat taught him after a particularly eventful way home (when they all still lived in the tower and things were
With renewed resolve that he desperately tries not to show, he barely nods and then grabs Nate’s hand to pull him with him in the opposite direction. They need to get out unseen – impossible with the amount of cameras in the facility – but some places...
“Yes,” Rhodey replies simply and ignores the dripping sarcasm in Tony’s voice. It works. With barely hidden surprise Tony finally gives up his position to turn around and face Rhodey, a deep frown and troubled expression gracing his face that haven’t been there before, when Rhodey left for New York City this morning.
“Then figure it out. But do so with Peter together. I know Steve and you hurt each other massively and it’s not that I easily forget this whole mess to go back to the way before, but… Dammit, Tony, you have a son to think about. Both of you.”
With a whirl his father finally faces him again, but the way he raises his finger, the way he looks at him with a fiery gleam in his eyes that holds nothing friendly in it, makes Peter want to back up a step or two.
“New York City,” he quickly mutters to stop himself from embarrassing himself not only mentally, but also physically in the not too distant future, when another voice ends the beginning of their little conversation.
His message from the evening before is still left unanswered, even though they probably should have thrown a fit by now. Happy has been adamant to tell them honestly about Peter’s condition and usually there would have been at least one or two worried calls and several excessive texts (they’ve done it before during missions).
The fading shouts behind of him put a fine grin onto his face, while he waves at the guard of the back entrance of the facility and enters the familiar and blank hallways. It doesn’t lead directly to the private area of the Avengers, instead Peter finds himself standing in between countless laboratories. The research department.
I'm sure I wanted to mention some chapter-related stuff, but I'm dead tired and have to get up again soon, so have and enjoy it! Sorry for the day delay, busy time behind and ahead, but I'll give my best to keep them coming in time. Let me know what you think and maybe head over to my Twitter account @milumaus, if you want to know stuff about the story and the chapters in advance.
The gym is empty as well. The weight in his stomach intensifies and nearly renders him immobile, but in his panic he clings to another fleeting thought. Dad’s private lab! They are probably already making up, because that is where dad has to be, where he always flees to from problems he doesn’t want to face and where eventually his husband shows up to set things right in the world again, so Peter rushes in a mad dash through the silent hallways –
An idea enters his mind, short-lived when he thinks about it for a second, because if someone online would even have a hint of their true whereabouts, Peter would be able to visit his dad in a high-security prison right about now.
The noises surrounding him grow louder to a point, at which the distant shouts fade away. Henry is running out of the farm with surprising speed, a furious expression embedded on his face. The plane slowly rolls forward, then faster, Henry is nearly there, ready to yank open the door and pull him out by force –
A simple idea, something he never actively thought about in the past, but one that brings some flicker of hope back that he grabs tightly with both hands. Quickly Peter gets another cup, a larger one, and fills it with the hot, dark liquid, before he prepares it the way his dad loves and pops always disapproves of. Then he rushes off towards the labs, absolutely sure of his whereabouts this time, and forgets his own cup on the counter beside the note.
Before Rhodey is able to limp his way forward to Tony’s side and check whether he drank himself into a coma or not, he begins to notice multiple things though, as the pain finally ebbs away for some precious seconds.
The sarcastic tone doesn’t want to fit to the memory playing inside of his head and pulls him back into the harsh reality rather painfully. For several seconds he stares at the unfamiliar buildings in front of him, before it all comes back and he turns to Nate with a frown on his face.
All dad said to him was to get some rest. It made Peter want to scream and shout, but not a single word left his lips, when Tony escaped as soon as the bitter sobs stopped. Not a single question answered, not a single explanation or excuse why Peter’s world is shattered into irreparable pieces.
Something flickers in Happy’s eyes, too shortly for Peter to identify, but it leaves him with a bitter taste in his mouth, when the older man gives in way too quickly (of course he knows Peter is lying, how can he not?).
It’s all gone, everything, they took it all with whatever bullshit they initiated, his throat starts to close up, pops is gone, really gone with no hope of ever seeing him again and fuck he can’t
Even though Peter is able to smell the alcohol all the way to the door, his father slurs not one bit, which honestly scares him even more than the traumatic stupor he put himself into probably since he left Peter and Rhodey in the exam room.
Peter doesn’t jet around the world in first class seats and airplanes with his family, since they successfully managed to somehow keep him out of the press with sneaky entrances and a lot of bribery on dad’s part, but Peter genuinely doubts they’ll fit in there with Henry’s broader statue, who seems oblivious of their upcoming doom.
Will this be the new thing now between them? Instead of greeting his son the second he comes close to the labs, even if his target has been another, and pulling him in to tinker and quirk and test until Steve comes to get and chide them without really meaning it… this? A future with his broken father, who locks himself away for hours with no end and forgets there was a family to fight for once before stupid arguments and thick-headed minds.
Should Peter have returned home sooner? Should he have paid more attention to the rumors? Because no matter how crazy, a germ of truth is always hidden beneath the mockery of shallow people, who rip lives apart in live shows for money and power.
He feels worn out from the fight with his dad and all he really wants to do is lie down and sleep, but if he does he’ll never get his family back together. Dad will hold him back, someone will get wind of his plans, his resolve will be blown away by doubts like it always does and for once he can’t have that.
The fear is solely mobilizing him. Pushing himself up he has to lean against the wall in his back for a moment to let the blood rush into his head. Sam hovers beside him, worried and with a hand outstretched in case he crumbles again like he did during the funeral. He doesn’t and instead pushes past his uncle, eyes still on the ground and hood pulled deep over his face to hide from the world. At least a little bit, if he is being forced to face it.
All at once Nate’s tone takes a total turn and the bland coldness in his voice leaves Peter shivering.
And now they have moved out to a place that feels too sterile and empty to really be home. Not that he is going to tell his dads any of it.
Peter physically flinches at the near slip up. His following rushed words, so unprofessional from what Peter expects, not make it any better. “He’ll be back literally five seconds later, but he really wants to see you first. He waits out-“
Then he turns around to flee back to wherever Tony doesn’t follow, but not even two steps out on the hallway the shattering of the cup disrupts the silence. He flinches again, this time out of sight, and angry tears fill his eyes as a memory flashes through his mind, fond and so out of place with the emotions swirling around inside of his pumping veins.
A short and shrill laugh escapes his throat, but it does nothing to erase the lingering feeling in his stomach, nor does it ease the tension in his shoulders.
After another few seconds of silence he adds at last with a determination he surely got from Steve somewhere along the line, “I’ll do it with or without you.”
He doesn’t want to think about it. His dad won’t return to… whatever it was before, this sick and obsessed state of mind no one had been really fond of in their retellings (warnings?).
“I really need to talk to you – privately! No dad, no pops, no anyone from the team involved. It’s- It’s about radioactive animals. I think I have-“
“Of course I know what this is about, did you already forget? No thanks to you, you were too busy bitching about our family, instead of taking care of your own son!”
His dad’s lab is not an option; the internet would take too long and is too unreliable, as well as the news are.
“Fucking asshole,” Nate mumbles from above Peter, while he kneels on the ground and picks up the pieces of his broken glass. He can feel the glare his companion sends at the back of the guy’s head (who is way too tall to call him an asshole, when he is still in hearing distance), before the bell above the door jingles upon him leaving.
And that he didn’t realize it up until now (he always did, he always knew when to put Peter to bed and tell him goodnight) is another punch to the gut he isn’t sure he can take as well right now.
He is ripped out of his thoughts by the familiar voice that involuntarily brings a smile onto his face, even though the trusted family member can’t see him right now (Peter has never been really fond of video calls).
His eyes glance at the sky, searching for a single cloud to bring the desired rain, but not a single one heeds his call. Rain. Heavy drops pelting against the windows and shattering the silence, the cracks of thunder meeting the cracks of his heart and making it bleed, as the world drowns in his sorrow befitting the melancholy taking ahold of him.
- Gwen wasn't supposed to appear in this story at all - she was going to have a bigger role in the sequel. Still has, but well, here goes her first appearance.
question what just went on, and involuntarily links the events to something that could only make sense in his kind of crazy life, the frantic words stop.
With a deeper sigh his posture changes; he can’t sit still, lifts his head and shoulders to stand up and walk around the center table. Still with his back to Rhodey, still not looking in his direction. Because of the shards.
At first in his hands, barely visible tremors that refuse to keep his hands still. He takes a deep breath, tries to and fails half way, before he pulls his hands down to shove them in between his legs pressed to his upper body. It’ll
Have a lovely evening, if you wanna chat with me about this story or other stuff, hit me up on my Twitter account @Milumaus! <3
Even five seconds can stretch infinitely long; his father might get injured, get sick and they wouldn’t even know, no help from outside, he would literally be all alone and if something worse would occur, if he would follow dad’s lead –
He doesn’t even comment the broken fridge door, as they bypass the kitchen on their way to the elevator.
The short moment of silence increases Peter’s nausea, as the other two obviously give their companion a silent, long stare. He is not. His dad would never-
Slowly the fear rushing through his veins fades away upon seeing the usual busyness of the place and with a deeper breath he tries to relax his clenched muscles and strides forward. People recognize and greet him almost instantly, waves are thrown his way and he already expects the cheerful quirks and new projects they love to show him, whenever he shows up and which make him appreciate the place a little bit more…
His body reacts before his mind can stop him and with quite real panic in his eyes (what the heck is he doing?!) his feet lead him in a quick run towards the surprised Nate. So much for inconspicuous.
He should contact them. Make sure they are alright and not bleeding to death somewhere far off from any help.
With a grunt the guy falls silent beside Nate, ignores him for a minute until they arrive on a strung-out field on the outskirts of the small town, before he turns a skeptic eye back on Nate. “Of what kind?”
Something cold settles in his stomach, desperately Peter tries to hold onto the light mood from just a few moments before-
- Time-Line wise I'll just stretch the whole part before this story. Like... every Avengers movie etc., since I finally decided that Stony got Peter really early in this AU. How and why will be focused on in more detail in the sequel at the latest. Marvel loves to play and mess with timelines, so do I.
He doesn’t understand how that last hug haunts him, how he wakes up crying and screaming because he can’t remember the position of their arms, how close his father pulled him, how shaky his voice sounded, how there might have been a subdued
And then it turns, shifts and he is left with a weird tingling in his neck that puts him more on edge than seeing his parents fight a seemingly indestructible opponent named Ultron on national TV.
The familiarity of that simple gesture pushes the fear in his heart away for a moment (it’s okay, it’s not gonna come that far) so he can take a deep breath. It eases the tension in his shoulders and forces his clenched muscles to relax. His right hand remains balled into a fist, safely tucked in between their chests. It’s not gonna end like that.
The doubts fade away and make way for sweet hope which he welcomes back with open arms, as his eyes roam over the expensive stations. He can do this, hours of looking over his dad’s shoulder and programming stuff his parents really shouldn’t know about with Ned give him the confidence to scramble to the closest desk.
“He deserves an explanation from you. How things did a 180 for the kid, which political troubles you kept away from him, because you two thought you would protect him and what will happen now.”
“Sure I do,” farmer-guy mumbles sarcastically, but instead of calling them out like Peter expects him to do like everyone else always does, he simply shrugs with a heavy sigh and reluctantly gives in. “I’m not flying you over the fucking country, just so you know. After last time I’m so done with you guys, tell that your dear mother.”
He can hear Sam moving somewhere to his left, building himself up the way he always does when he wants to intervene but doesn’t know how to. Steve takes none of it. His son (only his now, no one else’s), his child to take care of.
in front of your clueless son, whom you left behind with no explanation whatsoever after his break-down.”
– increases the nausea due to the excitement pumping through his veins. If he had eaten any breakfast, it would’ve long been gone via the upper way.
When his quiet protests and unanswered questions finally give way to heart-breaking sobs, Peter breaks down in his father’s arms, who says absolutely nothing, not a single comforting word to lighten his nightmares.
Nate doesn’t seem to care at all about his impolite behavior and nonchalantly shrugs, before he falls in step beside the guy who distantly reminds Peter of a farmer. “An old favor. Nothing much.”
A sarcastic snort pulls him out of his observation and back to their talk, when the one with the familiar laugh lets his name drop in a way that pulls at his stomach uncomfortably.
Just a little bit of comfort and normality, a sign that they are still who they are, a family, no matter how broken apart they appear to be. Yesterday was just a hiccup, his dad was overwhelmed, clearly he has planned to let Peter know differently, not like this.
When they separate again, Tony carefully grabs the lukewarm cup of coffee into his hand – the other ruffles his hair in a familiar gesture, but Peter doesn’t mind – and takes a sip. They smile at each other, for once words are not needed, then his dad looks as if he wants to ask Peter to come work with him for a bit like they always do…
He only realizes he rambled out loud, when a hand in his neck and a calm and assuring “Okay” stop him and leave him light-headed. Slowly stuff begins to come back – the tingling stays though.
“Everyone is bitching about him,” the older man weakly defends and crosses his arms over his chest, but below he seems to silently agree with Peter’s point of view.
He was sick with flu-like symptoms out of nowhere in the middle of summer – and then perfectly fine mere hours later.
Even though being able to glimpse behind the stoic mask of the chauffeur and bodyguard every once in a while is a treat he appreciates and that amuses him all the same.
He’ll probably notice something is up the second Peter asks about their whereabouts, but then again he seemed to mentally be far away yesterday and absolutely determined not to say a word to him. And since Tony is being Tony, it would only make sense for Peter to look for some answers elsewhere, wouldn’t it? With everyone gone, the only logical way is to go to Rhodey for some unbiased answers...
When he turns around to teeter back to the farm house, Nate is climbing faster into the small cockpit than Peter can think about his strange encounter.
“What the-“, Peter mumbles with a frown on his face and puts the bought sandwich aside on the counter to take a closer look at the spot between his palm and the door. Nothing sticky, no spilled juice, no super-glue due to one of the teams’ pranks, since he is still alone as one can be in a city filled with millions of uncaring people.
Both whirl around in time to see another man close to his pension exit the building from the other side of where they stand behind the car and waving at him. Apparently he hasn’t seen Peter. Yet. Before he has a chance to panic again and hide somewhere, Nate grabs his arm and shoves him into his unlocked car.
He doesn’t understand how he smashes all the mirrors in disgust at his own sight – if only he’d been faster, quicker, more able to get the fucking stones to Scott and his partner in time, then –
Two hands forcefully grab his face and a second later he comes face to face with his dad. His brows are furrowed and the worried lines on his face fit to the dark circles under his eyes, but every ounce of him seems to be focused solely on Peter at the moment.
He can fully understand him, more than anyone else out of the Avengers, since he was there from the beginning on and saw every cruel, dirty detail, but Tony needs to realize what he does with lashing out at his loved-ones, once he lets himself drop into one of his moods they tried to get rid of years ago; once Pepper decided he wasn’t worth the pain and worry.
Another stab to add to his funny little collection, he thinks bitterly, and Tony’s reaction is probably the reason why he isn’t able to hold the question lingering on the tip of his tongue back anymore.
“Maybe someone should get him away for some time. Back to New York, ya know? If I remember half the shit Stark pulled back then…,” first guy throws in again, while their voices grow even louder. How in the-
He doesn’t understand how the look in his dad’s eyes, already lost and so far away, rips him apart, not really there anymore, not even really listening to their heart-felt goodbyes.
The look disappears behind a cloudy mist in Tony’s eyes, his face closes off to an unreadable mask with a tight smile on his lips that resembles more a grimace than anything else. His hand pats Peter’s head awkwardly, before he turns around to return to his project.
The darkness feels calming, cradles his solitude and pulls him further into the semi-awake state he is caught in. Not that he wants to escape it. A slight scratching noise fills the silence in the room for a moment, when he pushes himself further into the corner. Not much space, a secluded tiny room, dark, empty, just like himself. It’s
He wants to mourn with him together. Shed tears, sob and scream until his throat is bleeding raw emotions onto the wooden floor of the little hut dad built for them. He wants to hold Pops close when he breaks down, be the strong one for once and feel better for being what Pops was for Dad every once in a while, when bitterness threatened to consume him.
Another thought enters his mind, fleeting and nearly gone, before Peter perks up and goes with it despite knowing that it isn’t the best of ideas. Not at the moment. But if there is even the chance of radioactivity being involved, if there is a chance for his uncle to help him…
So while stopping in his sprint to get away Peter whirls around and lets some of the fear and insecurity of the past hours bleed into his eyes. It’s easier than expected.
He has to be careful – one wrong move and Tony shies away again like he always tends to do when faced with things he can’t solve. Not on his own anyway. So he stays silent for a moment. Regards the tense form of his best friend and tries to ignore the flaring pain in his leg.
His heartbeat jumps and in a bout of panic he breaks eye contact with his dad. Come on, please, something to divert his attention-
…the thought isn’t so far-fetched, is it? Especially regarding a soldier whom a whole life has been stolen from by circumstances he could have evaded one way or another.
At the end of the corridor he currently wanders through is the entrance to the IT-department. One whose employees should be safe and sound back home. With a short look over his shoulder he begins to run in barely concealed excitement towards the open doors. They don’t have to be locked somewhere as safe as here, right?
“Family friend. He knows my mother from when I was little. I think I was responsible for most of his grey hair he rocks now,” Nate tells him with a smug face and begins to flip some switches without acknowledging Peter’s objections.
The A.I. doesn’t dignify his rushed words with a response, while Peter begins to tuck at his hand. Nothing. His eyes flicker to the hallway and back to the fridge, before he stems his foot on the cupboard to the right to get some leverage and asks towards the ceiling: “Friday, why am I stuck to the stupid fridge?!”
Because the media is going crazy, accusations and worst case scenarios are thrown out from exclusive morning shows to dubious tweets. He knows most of them are bullshit, his fathers are probably laughing about the insanity of it all together at the facility right now, waiting for him to come home, but if they are not, if things are really, really bad between them (worse than the whole Ultron fiasco)…
It has to have something to do with the spider bite, right? Because as stupid as it sounds, they weren’t holding them there for mere experiments behind layers upon layers of security, if they weren’t worth a lot more than a simple house spider.
“Deep breaths, you’re just being silly,” Peter mumbles to himself and stems his hands into his hips. Okay. Right. No need to panic. They are usually there for him at the weekends, unless – Right, unless there is a mission. But then again they would have let him know first, they would have made sure he is alright, not sick with the flu (or some supernatural spider bite), they would have at least called despite their disagreement and whatever went down between them in the past days…
I made myself a ton of notes for the story, began to plan the first chapters thoroughly, so I had enough time to pre-write some chapters...
They are supposed to be a family, together through thick and thin, but then this is exactly it, one little word that reflects how screwed they really are;
It’s a weak attempt to get some information out of the older man beside him, but he stayed resilient for the whole car ride and of course doesn’t start to waver now. He probably assumes that Peter will run off the moment he knows where his father is supposed to be - and if Peter is being completely honest to himself, he might not be far off with that theory.
Nearly as much as he misses spending time with his dads and the rest of the team back in the Avengers tower, when it wasn’t overshadowed by crazy maniacs and crucial doubts he isn’t able to erase from his dad’s eyes.
A little note is stuck to the fridge and eager for the distraction of his troublesome thoughts, Peter steps closer to take a look. It’s from Rhodey. Nothing unusual, he has to go into town for an appointment, but that he felt the necessity to let him know makes him feel raw and unreasonably angry at him (another part is glad, so glad; not another person that abandoned him yet again).
“I don’t mind,” Pops continues, not really understanding. Of course he doesn’t, Peter muses, since it has to be a subconscious thing. Getting as far away from the situation at hand to deal with it any other way than what awaits him. Under the pretence of bringing the stones back he flees as far as he possibly can, back in time, to maybe throw a glance or two at his late husband and grieve quietly for himself. It is not the first time for him to do so – after Bucky’s death, after everything was over, there just was a more morbid way out, a plane and a reason to escape the pain gnawing away at his heart.
And then, after they drove past the oblivious guard with Peter hiding at the bottom of the dashboard, he belatedly realizes that he left his bag in his room.
“My nephew. Tom. We wanted to visit a family friend, but getting a flight on short notice is a nightmare, you know how it is,” he keeps on blabbing, while all of them know it’s utter bullshit.
“I’m fifteen,” Peter replies but can’t keep the big grin off of his face, while Nate jumps into the driver’s seat beside of him and starts the stuttering car.
“Ready?” Bruce’s voice chimes in from Peter’s left and for the first time since arriving at the site, he notices his presence amongst them. Really it is the first time since the funeral that he sees his father’s partner in crime, Peter’s honorary uncle. It stings, but in between the pain and ache already settling in his chest, it doesn’t make that much of a difference. Another disappointment, another irrelevant detail he might solve with some participation of his own part, but it doesn’t matter anyway. Not anymore in a few seconds.
With quick steps he rushes off to his room, oblivious of his father’s call and on a whim that quickly takes over his mind.
The look in his father’s eyes changes, with one move he seems to grow in front of him to an intimidating figure he doesn’t recognize. The genuine anger in his voice and the fury in his eyes scare Peter to death. But before Tony realizes, before Peter can take a literal step back to defuse the situation-
And it’s disgusting how true he feels it is, even though it couldn’t sound more selfish, so he adds quietly, “I wanna fix my family.”
“Ever seen one up close, kid?” he suddenly addresses Peter and comes to a stop beside one of the wings to pat it caringly.
Because I low-key am already planning two sequels for this story... My mind ran away again. Woops. xD
His tight voice and the barely audible whisper make Rhodey close his eyes. Of course he feels the pain. How can he not?
), but the chances of heaving the guy through the place unseen and getting him to cooperate afterwards are more than slim.
Rolling his shoulders to get rid of the setting ache Peter pushes himself off of the wall and strolls towards the closest door on the left. It is left ajar, so he quietly opens it further, until he is able to see Rhodey in one of the seats and his dad in front of him with his back towards Peter. They haven’t noticed him yet.
The rooms are empty; each door he tears open, each time he glances inside with whatever is left inside of him to hope. Nothing. No one.
Not that Peter minds – it’s his best way to escape right now and he was taught to never look a gift horse in the mouth. Not even if it seems to fall apart every second.
The TV remote lies on the pillow beside his head, mocking him for being too afraid to turn on the news and find out everything they have to say (because apparently they tell more truths than his own fucking father).
The suspicion in his voice is unmistakable, even before he turns around to face Peter with a look not unlike Tony’s back in the lab. He knows he is busted. Before he can lie though to get them going again, Nate tries to break free from Peter’s hold on his arm.
What really gets to Peter though are not the missed birthday cards or silent quirks every once in a while that have everyone bending over laughing, but the time he nowadays spends alone in the lab. Whenever things were too much for Bruce, whenever topics were too embarrassing for Peter to go to his dads…
“Friday, what time is it?” he mumbles groggily and tries to sit up, when the ache in his neck from sleeping on the couch – no matter how expensive – adds a quiet groan to the teenager’s words.
“Not if I’ll tell your dad to ground your sorry ass into the next century,” Nate finally answers, but with a lot less bite Peter has expected. Nonetheless he needs to defend his line of sight, if he really wants to get pops back. Because without Nate, without someone who knows where they are and who is actually capable to drive, his wild-goose chase is practically over.
A short wave over his shoulder is all he manages to say goodbye to the confused girl, then he is being led away and down the shabby road towards a plump looking man with grayish hair and a grim look on his face – until Nate calls out to him and his face seems to darken even further, once he recognizes the grinning SI-employee.
And he wouldn’t be his fathers’ son, if he wouldn’t put it together in the only logical way available.
His father nods positively in Bruce’s direction, before his eyes roam back to his son. Internally he curses. If he sees it coming from a mile away, he will stop him before Peter takes so much as a step onto the platform. Look away, come on, just one glance…
He doesn’t stop to check the adjacent rooms and instead turns around leaving the door open to run down the hall towards the gym.
This time however he is faced with utter silence, which feels so strange and alien to him, that he considers asking Happy. Multiple times his eyes flicker to his driver, while they finally leave New York City behind to enter its much quieter outskirts on their way to the facility, but something with him is obviously off.
“We need to get pop- he needs Steve back. Even if he wants to rip his head off right about now. And if I’m honest I need him, too.”
“No, of course not!” he exclaims with all the surprise Nate’s question leaves him with, while he finally turns around to glance at his older companion. “He never would.”
