But steve just starts shrinking as he cries. Tony gets in his suit preparing to catch the  continually shrinking super soldier.
At first, he was sort of wary about Steve because who the hell avoids him like the plague but also keeps hanging out with him?
“I’m also fine, thanks for asking, dear brother” he teased his brother, “also,” he smacked Tony upside the head which earned him a loud ‘Ow!’ before glaring half-heartedly at the two. “That’s for not telling your big brother that you want to get into his best friend’s pants”
The police chief, an Officer Fury, was explaining to the grief-stricken parents that their little boy seemingly vanished into thin air.
“But... Rhodey, I really like Steve” he said with a small voice so unlike the usual confidence the younger man spoke with. He could see the trembling lips and the wet eyes when he turned to face Tony. He reached up to cup Tony’s face and rubbed his thumb across his cheek and smiled sadly at him. He gave him a kiss on the forehead as he let the brunet silently cry on his shoulder.
Tony was shocked to see the Captain up already and in a panic, it seemed. He went to support the man who's legs seemed to fail him. "Easy there, big guy" he said as the other man's entire being seemed to shake. Blue eyes scanning for any immediate threats and his breathing labored.
That put a stop to whatever they were doing. Tony still felt the simmering heat of arousal but it was diminishing. How could he expect Steve to feel the same way if just because of his kind, he was already losing interest in him? "
And the time to come home soon comes. There is an unfamiliar silence that washes over them as Tony directs the ship towards Earth. Like a countdown has started in his heart, of the time he has to let go of Steve.
They walked back to the mansion to get tackled by a flustered and worried Tony who immediately checked on Steve for any lasting damages to his ‘beautiful being’.
"I got you!" Tony shouts as he catches Steve who's still just openly weeping.And Steve lets go of any fear he has left and kisses tony
"In the mirror, silly!" The boy giggled. "Then we can play forever and ever" Tony immediately got excited.
As the song came to an end, their son, a young Anthony Stark—lovingly called Tony—turned around and let out a yelp in surprise to see the both of them just behind him. “Mother, Father?” he calls out as an adorable blush rose to his cheeks.
But it had been years , way before he was born, since his father's company had produced one of these. He grabbed the pod as he instructed JARVIS to pull him back.
“Master James is simply angered by the fact that your little Captain failed to address his intentions—”
Tony let his eyes wander around his older lover’s home. Steve’s apartment was very different from his large but always empty home. Knick-knacks, art supplies, pictures and books adorned every nook and cranny of the apartment. He stood up limping from last night’s rigorous activities. He limped towards the photos that lined up the bedside dresser. Pictures of Steve, Steve’s mom, Bucky, and a couple of other friends decorated the old wooden dresser. He picked up one of the frames which had him and Bucky with Steve at one of his family’s galas. They were all dressed for the occasion. Bucky and Tony quite used to their family’s old stuck up parties. They wore suits and ties and Bucky still had short hair at the time since this was the time he and Steve had been honorably discharged for their services in the army. Steve was not as comfortable in the outfit but he cleaned up pretty well.
“Just want ya to be happy, Tones.” He said with a small smile. And Tony, defying all odds, smiled even brighter.
He decided to steer the ship closer and hopped into a space suit to retreive the pod. As he got nearer, he could now clearly see a familiar logo on the side of the pod. "STARK INDUSTRIES" was plastered on it.
“I love you and I’m happy for you, Tones. But I gotta gut your new boyfriend.” He pressed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “And I support you and him. He’s my best friend but first and foremost you’re my brother. I gotta give him a good scare, ya know?” he gave a smirk when the younger brunet giggled.
"That is what my scanners are telling me, sir. If it helps in identifying our mystery space man, perhaps reading his name plate would be a start."
“Yes, my dear, so you must understand.” She sidled beside her husband and patted his chest, tears shining her eyes.
Sometimes he goes "whats wrong boys? What's got you all standing up? Please sit down we have a conference to attend"
He asked the house staff, to anyone who would entertain him. But all of them shook their heads and told him to let it go.
“I honestly have no excuse so I’m just gonna say sorry. Sorry, Buck” Steve shrugged unapologetically.
“I said I was sorry for not telling you but I’m not sorry for sleeping with Tony!” he managed to say before he was let go, gasping for air. Bucky had sat on the ground and ran a frustrated hand through his hair.
“He’s never gonna want someone like me…” he repeated. Rhodey put a had around the younger man’s shoulders and rested his head on the brown locks.
He was going to have to kill Steve. Wait. He could wait and see if and when Steve decided to tell him about it. About this.
Tags: A/B/O Dynamics, Alpha Steve Rogers, Omega Tony Stark, Howard Stark is a good dad, Exasperated Maria Stark, Serenading
Now, his parents may not always agree with his choices but for some reason, his wanting to become an astronaut had always been a sore topic.
“Chased him through New York in my jammies.” He said with faux-boredom. Causing a bunch of stifled giggles from some of the others and a confused look from the darker skinned man.
"Explain? What the fuck do you mean explain?! What is there to explain!" He was getting too emotional he knew but fuck it.
One sleepless night, as he waited for his coffee to be done, he hummed the lullaby thinking no one else was up.
"Coffee, Cap?" Tony raised his mug. At Steve's shake of the head, he gestured for the blond to sit down on one of the counter barstools.
“Steve would probably think wanting to date his best friend’s beloved younger brother as his main issue. Age gap aside. And probably the fact that you are underage”
"They're still here" Tony replied softly but Steve only got a confused look, still searching his chest. Tony decided, eh fuck it, and lifted his shirt up to expose his chest. The Captain America pasties still hiding his hard nipples.
New york is in a state of calamity. He has to confess and he needs to recieve an answer from his beloved.
“Relax, Tony. It’s you and me, together” he said with finality. Trying to relax himself with his own words.
They sleep on just one pod, huddled together, a hand on the other's hair, another at their chests, feeling each other's warmth and heart beat.
Next chapter will either be on the joint perspectives of their other friends or Jarvis's.  Which one do you think should I do? Comment and Kudos help me out a lot!
So he whispers his confession (he can't talk too loud or else he'll shatter every glass within a few miles).
The next day, Tony was feeling better and had started to feel cramped in his room which he had relayed to the ecstatic Maria and was allowed back to the lab. During this time, Steve and Bucky had come home for the weekend to spend time with Tony (and of course, Bucky’s parents). Though there was a bit of tension in the air from the recent developments regarding Tony, the three had been able to get together and bond. Though Jarvis did pay closer attention to the blond sneaking glances at his young charge.
He had yet to find one but aliens were a thing past astronauts had trouble dealing with. And he didn't know if the laws between them and other worlds still held through since the lack of trips his people made in recent times.
Picture being in that tower minding your own bussiness and suddenly you look out of the window and see a giant dick that is rubbing against it. (This might be added by fan or neb, I don't even remember anymore lol)
“I know, my dear.” They both looked at the young man perched on the windowsill, sighing down adoringly.
Exciting because look! Someone who wasn't as sex-obsessed as other people and won't trigger his monster side from showing. Painful because Steve immediately started avoiding him once he learned he was some kind of demon.
The rest of the night was spent teasing the new couple as well as a few more shovel talks for Steve. They ate dinner and eventually had to go home. Rhodey was standing by the door, waiting for Tony to finish trying (and failing) to persuade Steve to stay the night. Steve just hugged his boyfriend and gave him a small peck on the lips even when Tony asked (demanded) more. Bucky kept glaring at Steve before ruffling his hair and saying goodbye. Steve eventually pried himself off of Tony to kiss him one last time.
"As a kid, pretty much everything scared the hell out of me. And there were nights I would wake up crying." He looked at Steve whose eyes seemed to soften at him. "And I think even earlier, I had some really really bad days where I just was either inconsolable or so lonely I didn't know what to do with myself. "But somehow, Ana always knew what to do with me. Her and Jarvis always did." He smiled at the memory and Steve smiled as well. "Well, she used to sing me this one lullaby. And she'd sing it to me every happy day and every sad day. And she'd sung it to me one last time before succumbing to her cancer." He felt a hand grasp his over the counter and smiled at Steve before squeezing it. "And then the song just became a comfort thing. Something to sing when I was happy or sad or lonely. I never did know why I've never heard it on record before. Tried to search for it everywhere!" Steve was still looking at him with such fondness.
They became each other’s confidant, telling each other their deepest and darkest and most embarrassing secrets.
But even he had to admit that he had a massively soft spot for the young brunet. He surmised that it was probably due to Tony being younger than him by a few years when they met at MIT (he was already 21 while Tony was just turning 15). He knew he let the younger man get away with most things and even get dragged into the most ridiculous shit but he couldn’t fault himself for being soft on the guy. He couldn’t help but feel protective of the kid, like a big brother would (or a momma bear, Tony would say). They graduated at the same time with Tony only taking two years to finish his engineering degree and in those two years, the two had grown very close.
“You sound like we’ve been doing this for months or something. We only did it last night, naughty boy” Tony teased but even he could feel the worry and anxiety in his voice.
One day, he finally sees on some advert his maybe saving grace– pasties. And so he buys and wears a pair as soon as he could. It just so happened that the first pair he took out had Cap's shield on it.
“Our boy is growing up, Howard.” The man crinkled his eyes and put his hand on top of the one on his chest.
Edwin Jarvis retired from the British Royal Air Force at quite a young age after nearly tearing off a leg during his last tour. He suffered from PTSD and had a newfound dislike for authority which led to him knowing that no one in their right mind would want to hire someone like him. He should’ve expected the opposite would apply to the American engineer Howard Stark when the man decided that he was to be their personal butler.
Tony was raised by the Jarvises growing up. And Ana Jarvis always sang this one Irish lullaby to him.
At the age of eighteen, Tony earns his first doctorate degree and Howard and Maria threw a gala partially to honor the youngest Stark’s newest accomplishment, but it seemed as if it wasn’t even on his mind. Like getting a doctorate degree in Physics was something everyone else could just achieve. Jarvis had started to observe those around his young master; his friends were also invited to the event and they had all been preoccupied discussing several subjects in science and as such they were not aware of their surroundings. Perhaps if Tony had even paused for just a moment to look across from him, then he may have seen the longing glances thrown his way by his favorite blond. And just as Steve decided to mingle with the crowd around him, Tony decides to look across, pause, and send his own longing glances.
When he finished putting on a pair of sweatpants and a shirt, he crouched down beside the bed, gently rousing Tony from his sleep.
He tried to reassure the brunet as much as he could and when the call ended, he was actually feeling exhausted so he slept some more. He was going to confront the two idiots about it at a more reasonable time, he decided.
And the others have been teasing him about it for a long time. Except Steve who always seems so quiet whenever they all bantered about his nips.
“Rhodey Bear, you made it!” he stood up with a smile and hugged the older man. Rhodey glanced at the other occupants of the room, eyes landing on Bucky who winked at him and pointed at Steve with mischievous eyes. His eyes darted to Steve and narrowed them at the blond, causing the man to stiffen his posture in discomfort.
When Maria and Howard married, things were a bit tense as it took quite a while for them to have a child and when they did, it was all worth it. Anthony Edward Stark was born on the 29
“Oh, quit your posturing, Howard. Honestly, like you were not that bad” she chastised, Howard only huffed.
“Because he loves you. And he loves Steve too. And if you being together is what makes you both happy, then he’ll be there to support you. Besides, he’ll be angry at Steve not you.”
“Yep. Shit” They sat up together, and Steve moved to sit beside Tony. The younger man’s mind was reeling with panic and worry for Steve.
Which was how he caught on when his best friend and little brother started to feel something for each other. Even when both were oblivious to the other’s affections, Bucky knew.
Who was he kidding? There was no fucking way anyone would want a sex demon. Sex demons usually settled with one of their kind or any other demon since no one wanted them, but Tony wasn't interested in sex demons. Or anyone else. He was interested in the man in front of him who had just rejected him.
When their equivalent of night comes, at first they slept on different pods. But as time passes them by, any and all boundaries they set have drifted away.
“We’ll be here if you need us, sweetheart” she added and the gorgeous bright smile that graced their son’s lips had them smile as well as the young Omega raced downstairs to meet his suitor. The couple looked at each other and smiled, still holding to one another before moving to the vacated windowsill.
“Tony, I want you to listen to me. Alright?” he said and felt the genius nod and let out a shaky breath.
When Howard brought home Ms. Maria Carbonell for the first time, he was astounded as to how the man could attract such a smart and fierce woman. She was a young and beautiful Italian from a rather affluent background but didn’t exactly fall under the stereotype, leading to several episodes of the woman screaming at Howard for something or other. Safe to say, he liked Maria enough to try and actually serve Howard with more, let’s say, gusto.
Looking back, it was Steve. His eyes had gone red, pupils elongated into slits. His fangs had descended and face turned into a menacing scowl.
“Buck, listen—ack!” he grunted when Bucky moved to put him on a chokehold. “Bucky, stop it” he tried to pry himself away from the brunet’s hold which was impressively strong considering he only had one arm.
Iron Man’s mechanical voice laughed. Then Bruce showed up and the two men spent some time talking about technical things Steve didn’t understand. He got the sudden impression that Tony would fit right into their little group.
Steve nodded. This whole evening seemed surreal, like another dream. He was going to wake up any minute now, and he'll stare at the white of the ceiling, and he'll be longing for red, without knowing why.
“I’m an early riser,” Steve responded, finally taking a sip of coffee. He couldn’t help but making a surprised sound at how good it was.
As long as they were alive they could do anything. As long as Tony was alive, Steve was going to be okay.
“Because he doesn't think he's good enough for you to love, yes,” she finished and Steve's heart broke. Also, the way she said the word love, so simple, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, eased something in his chest.
The fight mostly consisted of Avengers killing doombots (more robots, what a surprise, at least Tony didn't get to name those, for which Clint was very grateful) and trying to get to Doom on time to stop whatever evil plan he was trying to unleash on New York (and if Tony complained about how the guy was supposed to be Fantastic Four's problem, nobody said anything but he knew they agreed. Fantastic Four just happened to be unavailable at this moment. Tony was so going to hold this over Reed's head for the rest of his life).
Steve shrugged. He didn’t want to risk saying anything wrong. It was bad enough Tony knew her. “So, do you talk to Janet often?” Steve asked, having to know.
It didn’t make much sense. Steve should have already forgotten all about it, but for some reason, Stark’s smile lingered at the edges of Steve’s mind every time he found himself alone and with only his thoughts for company.
And then Tony found the control room. It was big, and one entire wall was covered with monitor screens. Two guards were seated in front of them. Tony slammed one of them with his gauntlet, while Steve slammed the other with the back of his gun. Tony sat down and started typing.
Stark shook his head. “We don’t take money from the hospital. All the equipment is donated. Most of it is just prototypes anyway.” Before Steve could respond, Stark continued, “Of course, I wouldn’t give them anything that I wasn’t one hundred percent certain it was working. It’s just a way to get away with donating the equipment, since my board of directors are not exactly happy about it,” he gave a little rueful smile, and a what-can-you-do gesture.
“No way! Remember what happened the last time I didn't have my suit?” Tony asked, pacing up and down in a SHIELD conference room.
Tony swallowed. “Not nuclear. Not exactly. But very damn close,” he turned back to look at the bomb. 3 minutes. “Must be Doom's own technology.”
Steve didn’t know what to say. He wanted to repeat that they would bring everyone back, but truthfully, he wasn’t so sure. It was a risk, what they were doing, and no one knew for sure how it was going to end.
“Only if you sleep with me,” Tony responded with a cheeky grin. Steve rolled his eyes (but it was fond, Tony knew it) but complied, coming to lay next to Tony under the sheet. Tony immediately wrapped himself around the warm super soldier and the pressure on his chest eased a little.
“Tony?” he recognized the voice but couldn't place it. He blinked and tried to focus on a person standing in front of him, trying to get his attention.
Tony looked relaxed, elegant. It was easy to see him as a billionaire businessman here in this place. And yet, that didn’t mean he wasn’t also kind and generous and witty and outrageously clever.
“It’s not your fault,” Steve said, looking at the way she was trying to unlock the door on the other side of the room as quickly as possible. Her hands were steady. “We all would have trusted SHIELD’s information.”
Steve stared at him. He tried to imagine it, Stark Industries not making weapons. He didn’t think he was the only person who would have a hard time picturing it. “Why not just shut it down immediately?” he asked, because he thought that Tony as the CEO would be able to do something like that if he wanted to.
Disposing of the guards was only so complicated in a way that they had to do it inconspicuously. But they were not expected and the stun guns were set to silent. Steve was always suspicious of a plan going too well, especially at the beginning, but he wasn’t going to overthink it. The base wasn’t the main location of the Mandarin’s operations anyway, so heavy guard wasn’t as necessary.
rich boy security,” the guy mocked, “is no match for the Mandarin. What the Mandarin wants, the Mandarin gets. And he wanted Tony Stark.”
Tony rolled his eyes. Steve noticed he didn’t do well with compliments. “Still, I’d like to hear you too. Come on, tell me more about your life. Were you always an artist?”
He felt something, or rather someone, sliding up next to him. Natasha signaled the bartender and then turned so that she was facing him. “Enjoying the party?”
Dammit. JARVIS was smart enough to read the situation and lie to Steve, if he felt like Tony needed him to, which meant his smartass AI purposely led Steve to Tony’s door.
Steve had to look away from him. Instead he watched the monitors, screens bright and uncomprehending, but still less confusing than the man beside him.
It was big and wonderful and futuristic, and everything beyond Steve’s imagination. Tony looked so comfortable in this space, and it was easy to see him spending all his free time here, building and creating.
He was really starting to feel pathetic, watching once again as Tony flirted shamelessly with a group of young, obviously charmed, people. Steve's mind couldn't help but wonder which one of them Tony would bring home with him tonight.
“Right. Well, I was just wondering,” and Stark – Tony – got that look in his eyes again, contemplating, curious. “What was a small-time artist from Brooklyn doing at a charity gala that makes rich, powerful people give away all their money?” despite the words, Tony didn’t actually look like he was suspicious. Just wondering, believing that Steve will have some innocent answer ready.
It wasn't even that heated, really just a press of the lips, more chaste than any kiss Tony received since probably college. But it was perfect, it was just right. It was everything he wanted but didn't know he did.
Natasha’s mouth pulled at one side, as if she was restraining a grin. “Still, Johnson couldn’t tell me the exact coordinates or time of the exchange… You know what that means right?” she turned toward Steve.
“Yeah,” Steve said, because it was the truth. They did mess up. They messed up so badly they lost seven years. They lost so much.
trust Iron Man at the end of the day, maybe even respected him, relied on him during battle, but at times like this it was obvious that Iron Man didn’t feel the same.
Then a few days later he showed up, bringing some equipment to Bruce. It was just Steve’s luck he was in the hangar at that time, working on the Quinjet.
drawn Tony, a couple of times, when he was alone in his apartment and couldn’t stop thinking about him.
He concentrated on his breathing, his stance. He was out of the suit, it lying next to him in a heap of broken pieces. He longed for its comfort but there was nothing he could do with it now.
“He’s a fairly new player around US, though he has quite the reputation in the east. This guy is not messing around.”
The thing was… Steve met a lot of people like Stark. It was in his job description after all (the illegal one, of course). Rich and powerful, raised in the wealth. They always looked at other people like they were beneath them. It was one of the reasons Steve disliked them so much. They all seemed so alike. Money was the only thing they cared about.
It made Steve's throat close up and his heart skip a beat but he managed to say. “Can I talk to you for a second,” then looked at the other guy meaningfully, “alone?”
“No, but fortunately for me you weren't doing anything...” he glanced in the direction the other guy went before looking back at Tony. “...interesting.”
When no one said anything, Steve bent down and tore one of the boxes open. What he found inside didn’t surprise him.
So Steve talked about Bucky, and all the childhood shenanigans they used to get up to. He told him about Nat and Clint and Bruce, how they helped him cope and how he didn’t know where he would be without them. About Thor, loud and friendly and always someone you could count on. About Sam, who was probably Steve’s best friend next to Bucky. How they all helped him grow as a person and move on from nightmares of the battlefield.
It was full of people, which wasn’t a surprise. With its location and modern style, it was bound to appeal to young people and elite society who had nothing better to do with their days.
Steve could admit they were far from the good guys, but that didn’t mean they were bad people. They did what they did because it was right, because it was necessary and no one else had the guts to do it. Even the police was helpless when it came to the rich and the powerful.
Steve hoped the admission would get a reaction out of Tony, but he was still staring at him, not moving, not saying anything.
It was a strange dream, as dreams so often tended to be. In one moment he was standing on a rooftop, ready to jump. He knew - the way you knew these things in dreams - that he would not meet the pavement if he let go. Instead a pair of strong, metallic, red arms would wrap around his waist and hold him aloft. They would keep him safe.
He was just getting worried, opening his mouth to say something, when Tony kissed him. Steve gasped into the kiss, putting his arm around Tony’s waist to bring him closer. They both kissed like they were starving for it, like after today they didn’t think they would get to do this again. It was messy and fast, but by now they knew each other well enough to make it somewhat coordinated. Steve pushed Tony behind until he reached one of the many tables, then grabbed him by the thighs and lifted him up. Tony spread his legs so that Steve could fit between them, and they were still kissing, barely stopping to breathe. Steve started kissing down Tony’s neck, enjoying Tony’s silent gasps, when a voice suddenly interrupted them.
There were some ways in which Tony could have taken that speech the wrong way. Mostly how the team only needed him for what he was (rich, smart...) and not who he was. But he knew Cap didn't mean it that way. He meant that Tony was valuable and not just for his genius or his money. For some reason... for some reason, Tony Stark was valuable to the team for who he was. He was valuable to
“You know, you really need a name for that,” Tony said to Steve over his shoulder. “Show me the messages, J.”
He had a serious case of bedhead, and his sweatpants hung low on his hips. He was rubbing his eyes. Steve faltered and tried to remember how to breathe.
They were like that for long minute, just breathing each other in, until Tony said, “Thank you for telling me.”
“Yes,” Steve lied. He felt bad about it as soon as her knowing smirk made an appearance. He really should know better than to lie to her.
“Just be careful, Steve,” she said. She left it at that, but he knew that she meant so much more. It was a dangerous thing, getting involved with someone like Stark, even a little bit. Even just for a cup of coffee. Steve already risked a lot by giving away Janet’s name. Who knew how long before someone as brilliant as Stark figures it out. Steve was going to have to be very careful indeed.
“I'm not moping,” he said but signed when she just raised an eyebrow at him. “Fine. But what do you want me to do about it?”
But in that moment he didn't care about appearing weak. As long as Steve stayed with him, holding him, Tony didn't care about anything else.
Steve shrugged. “You were one of the only people at that time to treat me normally. Everyone else seemed to walk on eggshells around me.”
So Natasha and Clint were inside, doing their magic, more secure than on any other SHIELD missions before, knowing that their team was having their backs.
His team was small, but they were the most ruthless and efficient people Steve had ever met. And they trusted him enough to lead them.
When he walked through the briefing room doors, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Thor and Sam were already there, and they turned to look at him expectedly.
Tony shook his head. Unlikely, they would just put a stop to him, they knew how to deal with him best. Maybe that was the point. They were gone and he saw the opportunity to... do what?
After the last incident, Tony was careful never to leave his armor behind. He could even call it to himself from distance and he added all kinds of new gadgets and weapons (a lot of them non-lethal for when they didn't fight homicidal robots).
“And what advantage do you have from appearing like an asshole?” Steve widened his eyes and went to apologize, “I… I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean…” but Stark waived him off, laughing.
The guy didn't even wait for Tony to confirm, just walked away from them, as if afraid he would get punched by Captain America if he stayed.
Steve didn't want to think about what they were doing back at Tony's penthouse, but it didn't take a genius to figure it out. Especially when Tony came down to breakfast the next morning all ruffled and with a loopy smile.
Until Steve said he wanted him and then it finally made sense. He understood what was really going on.
Steve shook his head. He knew Tony had secrets. He told Steve he didn’t want to tell him yet, and Steve was fine with that. But Steve knew already. Because he was the Captain and he found out about Tony’s weapons before Tony got a chance to tell him himself. “That’s different.”
She knew everything about it, of course. It was dangerous, what with her working at SHIELD, but it gave them an advantage, one that saved them many times before. He knew she was risking a lot just knowing about it, and he was grateful to her every day for helping them regardless.
Tony raised the gun. He had a slight advantage, being in a corner, mostly hidden from view, but the gas was clearing from the room and once the visibility was back, there wouldn't be a lot of places to hide. Tony aimed the gun at one of the gunman, then lowered it slightly and fired. Despite the bad view he was still able to see the guy go down, clutching at his injured leg.
Second thing he noticed was that there was something warm and heavy in his hand. When he brought his other hand to rub at his eyes he peeked around the room and was grateful to not find it fully lit. There was only a soft glow but it still took Tony a while to fully open his eyes.
“Trust me, if that was my only problem, I’d be happy,” he shook his head. The sun was high in the sky, but his mood didn’t let him enjoy it.
Eventually, she nodded. “I’ll see what I can do. It shouldn’t be that hard considering he’s one of the most powerful people in the country. No one actually wants to go against him.”
Steve stepped closer. The kiss transformed, gentle and slow, exploration in its finest form. Fingers gripped his arm, the back of his neck, strong and red. His own fingers were on a waist, cold and smooth. He wanted to tear it apart, wanted to get to Tony, get him out of the red.
Tony finally looked up and it was like something inside him broke. He looked so vulnerable and there was so much pain and self-loathing in his eyes that Steve had to fight the urge to look away. Because there was something else in his eyes. Something Steve was ready to fight for.
“It’s clear,” Clint’s voice echoed in his ear and Steve caught Natasha’s eye across the room. He watched her walk pass Johnson and, in a way that looked completely accidental, spill her drink all over his expensive suit.
“Perhaps,” Tony admitted. “But I am the best.” Tony had, after all, been making business deals since he came of age and took over SI. Even before, Howard had dragged him all the time to all kinds of meetings in the hopes of preparing him for taking over the company. But Fury already knew that. That's why he choose him for this assignment. “You know I'm the one most likely to get you that deal.”
But he could admit it was nice. Having that recognition from the city they were trying to protect. Even the police respected them, even when they had to try and arrest them.
“Because you’re only going to slow me down. You can’t cover enough ground on foot and if you get caught, it’s over, we’re back at zero.”
Tony narrowed his eyes but said nothing else. Steve took the glass of wine and reminded himself not to down it in one go.
Steve took a breath. “Natasha… she, um… disconnected the arc reactor from the bomb while Bruce came inside. He was a bit… well, you know what he’s like after the Hulk, confused and disoriented, but as soon as he saw you there… well, thank God, he knew what to do once Natasha gave him the arc reactor. You still weren’t responding and he said you went too long without it, but he gave you a CPR and… well, it worked.”
Iron Man scoffed. “I just told you the plan. We don’t need to discuss anything. I give you the coordinates, we arrange the time, and we’ll meet there.”
It hurt to think about it. It hurt so much, the knowledge that if Steve had just talked to Tony, told him everything, that it would have changed everything. Steve wouldn’t have lost Tony. They would have still been friends. Maybe they would have been something more. Maybe, if Steve weren’t such a coward, he would have taken that chance, the only chance he got, to tell Tony how he felt. Because Tony was single for the first time since they met, and Steve was too busy denying his feelings and fighting with Tony, to grab that chance.
. “I thought you knew and that you... didn't care. Or were trying to tell me to back off... I don't know what I thought. I was too jealous to think properly.”
Steve was having a lousy day. It was a day after the gala and tonight was the night they would meet with Iron Man to discuss strategy and possible plan of attack on Hammer.
But Steve didn’t have time to decipher what Tony meant. The minions could come back any second now and Steve had a lot he had to say.
Tony opened his mouth to say something but Steve didn't want to listen to more excuses, didn't want to listen to Tony telling himself he's not worth it, worth
“What are you talking about?” Clint asked. They were all looking at him worriedly and even though Steve let go of him before, he now reached out to take his hand in his (the gloves Steve wore prevented Tony from feeling his skin but it was still better than when Tony wore the armor).
Steve thought about Thanos, and the risk they all faced tomorrow. He thought about how he could do anything if only he had Tony by his side.
Steve blushed. He hadn’t actually seen Tony completely naked. The thing was that Tony never took his shirt off. At first Steve thought that Tony just forgot about it in the heat of the moment but when he realized later that it was on purpose, he asked Tony about it. Tony confessed that he had scars on his chest from an accident, and that one day he would tell Steve the whole story, but until then the shirt stayed on. Steve insisted he didn’t mind the scars, having some himself, but he didn’t push. He knew that it took time to open up to someone and show them all your most vulnerable sides, and he was willing to wait until Tony was comfortable enough around him to do so.
Tony wasn't aware of much, gas clouding his vision, ears buzzing from all the shouting and screaming but his attention was pulled away from the scene when Steve shook his shoulders. “Stay here,” the voice was firm and Steve's face (the only thing in focus, as everything in the background blurred) was tense but clearly conveying the same message. He seemed to hesitate, and Tony could imagine what else he wanted to say. Something along the lines of ‘
A few days later, Steve was at his apartment, on his old laptop, staring at his art website, completely in shock. Most of the art works he had up were sold, and whoever bought them paid much more than the original price was.
“We could help, send a team down, expand the searching area,” Steve said, already thinking about who to send. He might go himself, he was itching for some action lately.
But not everything was done yet, as the ones not yet subdued put up quite a fight, not willing to go down that easily.
Steve was not feeling the excitement. The last time he worked with Iron Man everything almost blew up in their faces because they were distracted with fighting each other instead of the enemy.
“Well, Tony seems to be having fun,” she said, looking at him intently. He tried not to let any emotion show on his face.
“This is…” Steve started, and Tony looked up, his face natural but his eyes vulnerable. “Beautiful.”
“Clint and Natasha both have extensive training Tony. They are more attuned to their surroundings then any of us and nobody could sneak up on them easily. Also, I'm pretty sure Natasha would kick your ass for insinuating something like that could bring her down,” there was a small smile at that but Steve quickly sobered up. “You're different, Tony. You're...”
The cave smelled like the one in Afghanistan. It wasn't really a scent as more of a feeling, being trapped, the walls damp, air suffocating.
As for Tony, since it was supposed to be their date night, Steve had to form a quick lie to explain his absence. In the end, Natasha thought of one for him, saying Clint had just broken up with his girlfriend and needed a guy’s night out. Steve knew that if that were really the case, he would have invited Tony to come along, but since he didn’t yet meet Steve’s friends, it didn’t seem so unrealistic that Steve would want to go alone to comfort his friend. Steve hated having to lie to him, but it couldn’t be avoided.
The elevator they went in had no buttons, but it started moving as soon as Steve and Tony came inside. Steve didn’t think an elevator could look sleek and modern, yet somehow this one managed.
Steve could almost feel his cheeks starting to burn, despite the fact that he hadn’t blushed since he was in middle school. How was Tony Stark managing to make him feel like a damn teenager again?
“I think so,” Steve smiled. “You know, I never got it. I never understood why you got under my skin so much as Iron Man. I think nobody could understand it. I was always so collected, so detached. A picture of professionalism.”
“Tony? What are you doing?” he heard Natasha ask, but it was distant. Calculation were already turning in his head, possibilities and failures. It was too much. 90 seconds.
“Because... Tony, without your suit you're only human. You don't even have any military training or anything. I know you don't want to hear it again but... Without your suit you
Tony forced himself to feel relief when disappointment overwhelmed him. Of course Steve won’t spend his precious time trying to get Tony to talk to him, no matter how stubborn he was.
"It doesn't matter," Tony said, then corrected himself. "Well, I guess it does. Maybe I'll tell you someday. But that's not the point."
“Do we have to?” he asked. He knew he sounded petulant, and that, as the leader, he had to consider the benefits for the group and not his own personal feelings, but it was hard to do that when Iron Man was involved.
But before he could ask if they could see each other again, or ask him for a phone number at least, Tony was saying “Bye, Steve,” and was gone, as quickly as he came, leaving nothing behind but a sense of wonder and confusion.
He came to a stop in front of them. Natasha and Clint stayed at Steve’s side while Sam and Bruce hanged back.
Tony shook his head. He knew what Steve meant. Of course the gauntlet was dangerous, it was an Iron Man weapon after all. But it wasn’t dangerous in a way that would stop Tony from letting Steve into the workshop.
Tony looked at him with his big, brown eyes. He was worried, looking at Steve like he expected him to bolt any time soon. Steve wondered what his expression was like if it got Tony to look at him like that.
It made Tony smile, affection and warmth and fondness replacing any other feeling Tony might have had.
But Tony nodded, determined. “I do. There’s just… There’s so much crap happening in my life lately. It feels like it will never end. Like I can’t catch a break.”
“Wait, where do you guys think he’s been?” this time it was Sam who interrupted, directing his question at Natasha and Clint.
“Okay, I think that’s our cue to go,” Steve turned to his teammates. “Take a day off. We took down most of Mandarin’s operations today, and I don’t think he’ll recover from it for quite some time. So you deserve a break.”
Steve wanted to know what he thought about it all. Their whole situation. He wanted to shake him and ask him how he felt about it. Was he as confused as Steve was? Did he not care? Did he still like Steve?
“I'm in Central Park. He, um... he seemed to have brought some of the statues to life and is now scaring the civilians,” Tony tried to explain but it was a really bizarre sight that you just had to see for yourself to believe.
So Tony was still holding his grudge and if Steve thought he was going to get in his good graces by siding with Tony now, he was dead wrong.
But Steve was not paying attention to Clint’s excited chatter. He was still staring at Natasha and her worried expression. She was never worried, unless someone on the team was injured.
But it didn’t matter. He’ll try to keep it peaceful tonight (and if he said that every time and still haven’t managed to uphold it, well… there’s a first time for everything).
Despite Sam looking like he desperately wanted to hear the story now, they seemed to give up, Clint even raising his hands in mock surrender.
Tony giggled and hugged back even tighter. “Everyone keeps saying that. Why does everyone keep saying that?”
“No, Tony,” he placed his hands on the younger’s shoulders. “I didn’t tell him anything.” He added slowly. “He’s gonna kill me for not telling him that I wanted to date you”
“No son,” she pointedly turned to Howard, “or husband of mine is working on New Year’s Eve!” she glared at both of them before letting go of Tony’s ear. He covered his pained ear and pouted before saying “yes, mom” along with Howard’s “yes, dear”. They looked at each other before turning away and in Tony’s case, walking away to avoid any more awkward moments with their father.
Tony came closer to Rhodey just then and hugged him with such force that he nearly toppled over. He hugged back and couldn’t help but smile.
Hulk thinks he has a new buddy but Steve just keeps growing and now Hulk's a bit miffed someone is bigger than him
“No, Rhodey. I slept with Steve and now I’m freaking out” He paced around the room again, biting his nails. Every step made pain and a muffle sort of pleasure to flare up from his ass. But he kept that to himself.
“You do not have any more work, Antonio! You have done everything the first week you shut yourself in” his mother had ranted. Jarvis kept to the side, not interfering.
On the night before the ship was to enter the Milky Way, they huddle together in their pod. Their hands seemingly having a mind of their own, carressing each other as if memorizing invisible patterns on their skin. Their foreheads touch and like magnets, their lips are drawn together.
They laughed as Steve sighed and relaxed when Tony reentered the room holding a tray of varied drinks. He looked confused and actually tilted his head and turned to Steve with a silent question in his eyes. Steve’s face relaxed into a smile and shrugged at the brunet. He laid the tray on the coffee table and handed Rhodey his drink before getting two more and handing one to Steve. He tried to sit beside his boyfriend but Bucky was adamant at playing human barrier between the two. Rhodey sipped at his drink and watched Tony who was now pouting at the older brunet and then Steve who tried to assure Tony that it was fine.
That gained a huff of laughter from him. Of course, Tony would tell Rhodes. He was probably freaking out and called the man for help. He opened the one from Bucky and sighed again before reading the messages.
“Come on,” he lent a hand at the brunet and helped him out, the small moan he quite tried to ignore but boy was that a sound he won’t ever tire from hearing. “You gotta shower and get dressed.”
to tell you… And I was, you know, confused for a long time before I even decided on what my feelings were for Tony that I forgot to think of when and how I was going to tell you, Buck.” The blond was lying on the pavement with the palms of his hands over his eyes. “I just” he paused to sigh and then looked to the side where Bucky was. “I really really like him, Buck. I’ve liked him for a really long time” his voice cracked at the end.
“I want you to listen well, Anthony. No matter what you are or who you wish to be—know that you will always be loved and supported. By your mother, father, brother, and me.” Tony made an attempt to refute the Brit but was tutted to silence. “Tony, it does not and should not matter who you wish to be with. Gender isn’t what you love about someone. And whoever is loved by you—I can guarantee—is truly blessed.” Tony hugged the butler tightly and cried on the man’s suit. Jarvis remembered comforting the young master for the next few minutes before they both fell asleep on the bed, Tony curled around him as he had when he was a young boy.
“I know. But I really do plan on asking him out, taking him out to dinner and all. You know, the works.” He shrugged and stood up, offering a hand to the brunet.
At fourteen years old, Tony graduated high school which Howard and Maria and himself had attended. To Tony’s surprise, Steve and Bucky had also attended the ceremonies and had earned themselves a tackling hug from the young brunet. Tony had cried when he saw Bucky having only one arm which the older brunet had dismissed with a joke. Over the celebration dinner, Steve and Bucky had informed them that they had been honorably discharged with both of them earning their purple hearts. Both had earned pats on their backs by Howard and a few tears from Maria. Tony himself had announced that he had been accepted on a full ride to MIT which he tried to convince the headmaster to let them pay for his tuition as money was not an issue. Howard had offered a rare smile and congratulated the young sir which had him speechless and blushing. Howard offered a toast to the success the three had which got him a glare and a flick in the ear from Maria.
And while he doesn't get insecure or self-conscious about it, he does get annoyed with the constant teasing.
“Why don’t you go and greet that young Alpha downstairs, son?” he suggested and Maria gave him an approving squeeze.
“What do I do, Rhodey? I can’t—I can’t like him, can I?” The genius told him the night he finally decided to lay it all out. “He’s literally a decade older than me and I know he just thinks of me as this—this kid! And he’s so far out there and I’m just—just… me.” He sagged against the darker skinned man as they sat in their dim lit dorm room.
Tony was sent to his room with the constant monitoring of Jarvis himself. The young master just lied on his bed or glanced out the window. Concern was a near-permanent emotion Jarvis had at that point. He made sure the young man ate and slept and bathe but Tony was still in such a morose state (though sometimes he just had the urge to tinker with something—which were the more better days). It got to the point that Jarvis knew he had to get his young charge to talk to him about whatever was on the young man’s mind. And so, during one of the more better days, as Tony was tinkering with an old radio that Jarvis had given him to do, the butler cleared his throat to grab the attention of the young sir.
“Come on, the show’s about to start” he urged the blond to stand up and put his arm around the beefy body to walk towards the many chairs and sofas that decorated the balcony.
His dad's a werewolf and his mom's a Catholic. She always said to beware of demons and Steve's a good boy, so he listened to his mom.
They spent the rest of that night in each other's company, the lullaby humming through every breath.
What stunning craftsmanship! The wooden frame was decorated in ornaments and gold. The mirror itself was free of any stains or cracks.
When Tony was six years old, Steven was scarcely at the mansion. Jarvis could remember the times he found the young sir waiting at the front door, hoping that “Steve” would come and play with him. And how it broke his heart to see the child with tears in his eyes fall asleep in by the front door. Bucky would try and coax the younger child to come back to bed at hours too late for a child to be up and about. When Steve came back a few weeks later, he had come back with several gifts for Tony who had at first shunned the blond and ignored him. It took just a few minutes for the child to completely cling to the teenager and with a laughing Bucky at the background, it was one of the best memories the old butler had.
“Crap!” Tony said a moment later as he straightened up. “I can’t tell Bucky about this! He’ll kill me… And—and he doesn’t even know about…” Tony looked at him with scared eyes. Rhodey remembered that he’s probably the only person in the world that knows about Tony’s sexuality but he doubts that it’ll be a problem with any of their friends or even his family for that matter (maybe his dad would object at first but a good scolding from Mrs. Stark ought to do the trick). Tony’s insecurities were mostly created by the genius himself and so Rhodey made it his mission to make sure Tony thinks otherwise.
“It just happened, Jay” Tony’s face was a shade of scarlet from the fact that Jarvis had figured it out the moment he had seen him and Steve when they had arrived.
Maria chuckled as Howard once again huffed, earning a light swat to the arm from his wife. He seemed to struggle between the need to be protective and the want of being a good father before he gave in and sighed once more.
He got the chance the evening of the same day when Tony invited him over for dinner at the Stark Mansion. He arrived at a confusing scene—in the living room, Steve and Tony were seated on the same couch separated by Bucky who sat in the middle and a few of their friends on the opposite chairs laughing and cooing as they were in conversation. Tony noticed him entering the doorway first before the others could.
When Tony had called at ass o’clock in the morning, he had half a mind to just end the call then and there (he really didn’t want to hear about someone he counted as his brother, and sex in the same conversation. It was just wrong. And weird. Emphasis on weird.). Then Tony started freaking out and he swore he was going to castrate Steve and then Bucky came up in the conversation.
Steve thinks Tony is a demon and so he tries to avoid the other man. But he can't help but be drawn to Tony's scent and ends up sleeping with Tony where he learns what Tony really is.
Which led to him chasing his blond ass in the middle of New York, yelling obscenities and profanities at him.
“Yu-uh. But,” he shifted to face the brunet “if you really like him, and you really really want him,” he stretched out his words as he said them slowly “you could check back with him if he’d feel the same way.”
They talk about everything. Tony talks of the lives Steve's crewmates have made for themselves. How Sargeant Barnes refused to settle down and demanded to keep searching the stars for Steve. How it was because of Barnes that Tony even got a chance to be in the program and reach this high.
“I’m gay” silence blanketed over them for the briefest of moments before Tony felt the butler shift nearer to him. A hand was placed on his hair and guided his head to the older man’s shoulder. The man gave him a few pats on the head before releasing a silent sigh.
"I'm 31 years old. Well, the Voyage orbitted Earth twice, so I suppose I'm 33" he said with a small smile which disappeared when he saw the pained look on Tony's face.
That’s how Steve finds him. His hair was wet from the shower and he only had a towel on his person. He couldn’t help but smile at the sight of Tony on his bed draped in soiled covers. Tanned skin partially hidden by the white sheets, it made him look even more ravishing. The shower helped eased his problem as he didn’t want to hurt Tony by overexerting themselves. It was Tony’s first time, well, first time with a man. And Steve had been ecstatic when he’d told him that the younger man had been saving himself up for him.
“You both are lucky I love the two of ya too much.” He hugged the two before walking away. “Next time, just tell me!” he shouted without turning to look at the couple.
And he was a trained military man. Having served a few years in the army and being good enough to rise through the ranks and becoming a sergeant, he was a skilled marksman and had a good eye for things.
looking at Tony, a faraway look in his eyes before he sighed and went back to conversing with Sam. Bucky squinted his eyes at the behavior then turned to look at Tony who was
“You ass” he pointed at Steve who was gonna make a run for it until the brunet tackled him. “I can’t believe you slept with my brother and didn’t even have the nerve to tell me—”
And he was so happy that no one was teasing him anymore. No comments from Barton about elevator buttons or surprise nipple boops from Natasha. It was so peaceful, he smiled giddily.
"The last thing? The last... I remember, we were across L61-6B Liberty Belt when Hydra pirates- there was a fight. My ship..." he struggled to talk. Tony was about to tell him to calm himself. "My crew, there was a fire that started in the east wing. I was instructing them to warp back to our galaxy but the fire had spread where I was at. I managed to get inside a pod and then... I guess, I woke up to you."
He wanted to test it out, to see if his observation skills weren’t rusty from disuse. It was just a few months since he’d been discharged from serving in the army after losing an arm in the field. So he went and manhandled Steve to sit down beside Tony while he sat on Tony’s other side. He felt the blond stiffen before letting loose a sigh when he sat down and began talking with Tony.
He puts the photo down and paces around the bed, the very memorable bed, frustrated with himself for overthinking things again. He glanced at his phone on the bedside table, beside the bottle of lube and opened box of condoms (“It was a gag gift from Bucky” Steve explained and Tony only snorted “Sure, Cap”) and he blushed again. He picked up the phone and scrolled through his contacts, finding the name and dialing it. He waited for the call to be picked up. A muffled groan and sleepy voice went through the phone.
“You had everyone worried when you shut yourself away from us.” Tony stopped tinkering and looked down. “I am not scolding you, young sir, simply expressing my concern.” Jarvis sat down beside Tony on his bed and laid a hand on his mop of hair.
It was overwhelming, being here, in this moment. Steve felt every motion of Tony’s body, and even after closing his eyes he was hyperaware of every part of his body that touched Tony’s.
Couple of days later, Fury was happy because the deal managed to come through even after everything (let it not be said Tony Stark doesn't know how to do business, even after terrorist attacks) and Steve Rogers was for once not trying to talk to Tony at all.
’ and Steve had smiled, thinking that maybe, with Tony by his side, everything can be okay again. They can fix the world, and they can fix them.
They were in Tokyo for two days until the actual meeting. They got special quarters and were shown around the facility but were not advised (it's not like they could keep them by force) to go outside.
Tony stared at them. He was calculating, trying to decide whether to trust them or not. But he didn’t have much of a choice. He did get here by himself and he must have known that they weren’t just going to let him walk away if he didn’t tell them anything.
If there was one thing Tony realized throughout his life, it was that whenever something good happened in his life, something bad always followed it.
Because they could have been, right? Steve could see it now, in Tony’s eyes. They both felt so much, too much, that the only options were happiness or destruction. And without knowing it, they chose destruction.
Steve nodded. “Yes. He managed to get out eventually. But he was never the same again. He’s still out there, now, fighting against the guys who did that to him. But now at least I get a phone call every now and then,” Steve tried to smile. It didn’t quite work.
“I know,” Steve said, keeping his voice in check. He could fall apart later. He had to show Tony now that it was okay. That Steve understood.
“The details of the mission are classified but let’s just say that there was this organization we were supposed to stop, right? It was supposed to be pretty straightforward, we had intel on their location, and we had to go in and out, gather more information and report to the base.”
He was dizzy. The impact caused ringing in his head but he vaguely heard Cap yelling something. Was he talking to him?
“No, Tony, you are not,” and there is was, that worried face. The face Tony started to hate seeing being directed at him more than the disapproving one.
Tony pushed Steve back against the couch, affectively straddling him, and Steve could do nothing but grip his waist and try and keep up with the pace.
Steve remembered thinking, torturing himself really, imagining what Tony was doing up here with his various guests. And now he knew. He knew exactly how it felt like, to be the person Tony Stark puts all his attention to, and it was exhilarating. It was like a drug and Steve needed his next fix, desperately.
“Just get the job done,” Steve said, turning around. He knew he let that go too easily, but in the end, it was not worth it. He just wanted to be done with this conversation.
When Tony showed up at the compound, time travel solved, Steve’s shield in his trunk, Steve felt hope for the first time. That maybe, just maybe, they can be friends again. That the past can be forgiven. And then Tony had said, ‘
They were closer now, so close that they were sharing air, and Steve thought he was going to pass out from the way his heart was beating in his chest. They were only millimeters apart.
Admittedly, not very recently, but still, he had been to quite a few restaurants in his life, and not all of them had been shabby and cheap.
“Takes one to know one,” she replied, giving him a big hug. “Steve, it’s been a while. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Unfortunately not, Johnson has been very clear that Hammer destroyed any evidence pointing to his relations with the Mandarin.”
He lost count of how many men showed up in the end. His focus was shifting from one guy to the next, until one of them managed to get behind him.
Natasha must have sensed that because she just sighed and said, “We were right, Hammer has been dealing under the table, specifically selling to a terrorist from China. Johnson didn’t know any specific names, but the man in charge apparently calls himself ‘the Mandarin’.”
Which was exactly what he had to do now, sitting at a meeting, about to suggest they invite Tony Stark inside their base to prove he didn’t illegally sell his weapons to a known terrorist.
But Steve’s reflexes were as fast as ever and he caught the glass easily before it shattered on the floor. The bourbon spilled on his fingers however, so Steve put the glass back on the table and looked to see if there were any tissues in the near vicinity. There weren’t, so Steve, unwilling to move away from Tony, licked his fingers clean. The bourbon was sharp on his tongue, and Steve relished the taste even though he knew he couldn’t get drunk on it.
The elevator doors opened before Steve even realized they stopped moving. And then they were in the penthouse.
He hoped that one day, when Tony finds out the truth, he will understand why Steve had to lie to him.
Thor soon took over Cap to try and reason with his brother once again (and the whole team learned better than to try to tell him it was pointless) while the others (minus Bruce, because the situation didn't seem to be critical enough for the Hulk) dealt with the living statues.
Lost in thought, he didn’t even realize he wandered off toward the Stark Tower. The building was hard to miss, looming over everything. It was modern in a way that showed you exactly what future was going to look like.
Bruce smiled. He was more subtle about it but he seemed as excited as Tony to have someone else to talk science with. “Of course.”
But Tony, as clouded as his mind was, didn't think about any of that. What he was thinking about was the need to prove himself, to show Steve that he was not useless without the suit, to erase all the times his dad told him he was not good enough, that he
“That’s not the worse part. They had weapons. Our weapons. They were in league with this big corporation that we thought was on our side. We were way outnumbered and outgunned. Barely got out of it alive. Only reason we managed was…”
Tony blinked. He was staring at his hand in Steve’s. “I love you.” He might not believe yet that Steve really loved him back but he still wanted to confess. He didn’t know why.
He hesitated before hitting send. It seemed bold, somehow, having this casual, almost flirty, conversation with Tony Stark.
“No, no, I get it.” And then Tony got serious. “It actually makes more sense than I’m willing to admit, if only because I should have known,” the last part was said in a whisper, as if Tony was speaking to himself.
Tony raised his brows. "Not exactly. But maybe I antagonized you more than I should have. I figured out pretty quickly what your buttons were, and I pushed them. And I know I shouldn't have."
He knew that if he kept fighting it would only get worse. It was only a matter of time before someone put a knife in his side. He knew they needed to keep him alive. But not whole.
Fury looked like he already knew he won, the bastard. “You think the Japanese haven't seen what your suit can do? Be real Stark. If you're such a good negotiator, you would have seen that this is a Bad Idea.” And that was totally capitalized, nobody could convince Tony otherwise.
Steve needed to change the topic, make Tony, as well as himself, forget about the impossibility of tomorrow, if only for just a moment.
“That’s nice,” Stark said. He took a sip of the coffee Steve didn’t even realize he had in his hand, then continued, “I meant what I said, you’ve got some real talent. I’m not really an art person but even I can tell. I’ll recommend you to Pepper, she’ll appreciate it more.” The casual stream of words seemed so out of place coming from someone like Stark that Steve had to take a second to convince himself he wasn’t imagining things.
Steve nodded, “Let’s meet here to discuss it further. We should have enough time to make a plan for tonight.”
Iron Man looked to the side. His faceplate looked stoic, cold, but his tense stance and jerked movements indicated that the man inside was anything but. “You do that then. I’m too busy to plan something as straightforward as this. If you want to waste your time then by all means…”
“Always,” Iron Man replied. It sounded like an inner joke. He saluted Steve before he went up in the sky, and through the open roof.
Meanwhile, in the base, things haven’t been going as smoothly. The minions they captured in Hell’s Kitchen refused to talk, though Natasha claimed she would have them crack any day now. The problem was they feared their master too much. She was going to make them fear her more.
It was just so typical of Iron Man, to hack into their lives and then pretend that it was friendship. Steve understood the fear of secrets, but they worked together many times by now, so even if they didn’t like each other all that much, trust was something he thought they had, at least a little. Steve knew that he
It was still weird, seeing it displayed like this. In a place crowded with people, where everyone can just stare at it. Sort of like he was doing right now.
“I wanted to go back inside, get him out. I would have. But there was an explosion. It knocked me out and by the time I woke up it was too late,” Steve closed his eyes. “That’s when I got out. I couldn’t do it without him. I spend the next couple of months searching for him with the help of my friends.”
Tony didn’t, but that wasn’t the point. Every person who said that to him ended up leaving, so Tony didn’t put much value in the words to begin with.
Before Steve could figure out an answer to that, Tony was already moving, pointing to a row of elevators, “How about I give you the rest of the tour?”
Tony sighed, looked around and when he saw that there was no one there, he turned towards Steve fully and kissed him.
He didn’t need to turn his head to look, knowing it was Tony, so he continued drawing the little flock of birds surrounding the low branches.
“It will,” Steve said, but Tony didn’t seem to hear him. He was lost in thought, looking over Steve’s shoulder.
“Well, we’re going to leave you two alone. I’m sure you have a lot to talk about,” the guy was saying, faking disinterest. Steve didn’t trust him for a minute.
Doom was just stepping out of a building when Tony zeroed in on him. He didn't waste time chit chatting with the crazy supervillain as he slammed into him. They crashed into the building but Doom didn't let himself be taken of guard.
At least their identities were secure. No amount of hacking and prying would reveal their names, because they all took precautions, and they didn’t trust anyone easily, and so their names were hidden absolutely nowhere, only said through words. It was a small comfort, but a comfort all the same.
Natasha woke Clint up, who had been dozing on his palm for the last half an hour. He groaned when she told him the briefing was pushed back. Steve understood the feeling. As much as nobody wanted to be there right now, they were less happy about having to go back tomorrow.
Tomorrow they would go and try to save the universe, and Steve knew that if he didn’t speak up now he would forever regret it. Because there were no certainties, and anything could happen, and this was an opportunity Steve wasn’t going to let go.
“We called them after we found your weapons,” Natasha said. “They were the ones who confiscated it.”
Steve frowned. “He must, I don't think I'm exactly subtle.” In the beginning, when they were still learning how to be friends, Tony would even flirt with him. Flirt in a way he did with everyone, but once Steve started reciprocating, Tony would go all weird and awkward and would turn everything into some lame joke. And Tony was always talking about them being friends, and how great it was, and yes, Steve could get a hint, friend zones were a thing even in the 1940s.
The guy was flipping through the pages as he walked back to them. He laughed once he found what he was looking for.
“It doesn't matter,” Tony said sharply and Steve turned back to look at him. “It doesn't matter if you make it on time or not because I'm still going to do the right thing and you know it.”
It didn't take him long to locate the genius, who was pacing up and down in front of what looked like a museum but was probably someone's house (the gala was in a very wealthy neighborhood). Steve slowly approached and was grateful that Tony didn't notice him yet because this way he could just watch Tony, unguarded and himself. He seemed tense and he was trying to calm himself down, muttering equations under his breath like he was trying to think about anything but what had just happened. Before Steve decided what he wanted to do next, Tony turned and saw him. His eyes winded, his breath stuttered and in that moment, just one moment, before Tony collected himself back, he looked so beautiful. Just Tony, no mask, and he was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen.
Steve halted their steps before they managed to walk inside. “You sure you don't want to stay outside? We don’t know what’s in there.”
Steve wasn’t. He raised an eyebrow and Iron Man sighed. Is sounded like static from his voice modulator.
“We’re going to get him back. Tony,” he said and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder to get his attention. Tony snapped his head to look at him. “We’re going to get everyone back.”
Steve smiled. The light from the living room TV turned brighter and Tony's armor gleamed red. Red. Steve saw arms around his waist, saw a brush on a canvas, moving in a pattern he was pretty sure he knew the shape of. All red, this red, bright red, gold red. Tony red.
“Why didn’t you fire it?” he asked, abruptly. When Tony looked back at him, he gestured toward the gauntlet.
“You’re making this awfully easy for me,” Steve said. But he didn’t believe it would be easy in the slightest. He could recognize a good fighter when he saw one.
He was finally getting immersed in his drawing, tuning out everything around him, including his thoughts, when he felt someone sit down next to him.
Natasha’s expression told him he really wouldn't like the answer. And boy, was that an understatement. “Because of you.”
Steve preferred it that way. He didn’t like to talk about it, didn’t like to think about it. His team only knew because it was the reason they all started the organization in the first place. And Peggy only knew because Steve got drunk one day and couldn’t keep it in.
Steve had never seen Tony look so furious. He was always so calm and collected. It was a part of him almost, how he could stare down any situation with an almost bored look on his face. But not this time. He was angry, and he was scared. Scared for Steve.
Steve stole one of the henchman’s guns, and it was a quick work after that. Tony’s gauntlet gave him an edge, even when he wasn’t firing from it, and Steve was itching for a fight, which made him more ruthless than usual.
Steve choked on his drink. “You move fast, don’t you?” he said with a laugh, leaving his half-full glass on the table, next to Tony’s.
She raised an eyebrow, “I’m sure you can keep a secret until you’re comfortable enough to tell him.”
“So, what, you’ve intentionally set yourself up as a target to the Mandarin? Why would you do that?” Steve was so angry in that moment. All he wanted to do was protect Tony, and the stupid man kept getting himself in trouble.
“Iron Man, the robots are moving south toward civilians,” came Steve's stern Captain America voice through the coms and Tony knew immediately what he had to do.
“Okay,” Tony said slowly, with a frown. He seemed to realize this was more serious than he originally thought and didn’t seem to know how to deal with that. “Well… You can tell me whenever you want. I’m not going anywhere.”
They were on the one side of the door, desk pushed in front of it, waiting for the horde of Mandarin’s henchmen to break in.
Tony didn’t understand it. He was so sure Steve would come and tell him that is was just a one-time thing and that it won’t affect the team dynamics or something.
Natasha interrupted him. “You would need an awful lot of power to do that Tony. And we only have...” she cursed. “40 seconds.”
The guy clutched his hand (and Tony distantly noticed it bleeding more than it should, but that was what vibranium would do to you after all) and Tony looked down at his burning arm. Steve managed to divert the gun but the bullet still grazed Tony's bicep and Tony winced. He covered the injury with his hand but wasn't too bothered by it (after all, he experienced pain much worse than that and besides, he almost died so grazed arm was nothing).
It was a gas bomb, small but unmistakable and everyone was surprised for just long enough for it to activate without them reacting.
And while Steve was uncomfortable in big, social events, he let Tony drag him to a few, just so he could watch him be in his element. Tony could charm a crowd like no one else Steve met. When Steve asked him about it he just shrugged and said that he went to those kind of events since he was a kid so he learned all the tricks from the young age. Steve was more than a little impressed.
He turned to look at Tony, who went up to the bar, preparing them drinks. “What do you want to drink?” he asked. “Whiskey? Champagne?”
It was Morgan. She was trying to feed an alpaca, somewhat successfully. The alpaca seemed unimpressed with all the food she was trying to give him, but he ate some anyway, almost as if he just wanted to make her smile. And smile she did, that big, bright, brilliant smile Steve knew all too well.
Steve opened his mouth to answer (though what he would have told them, he had no idea) but Clint intercepted him, “He was flirting with Stark.”
“Copy. Also, don't call them robots, they're undeserving of the title. Honestly, I did better robots in college while drunk,” Tony replied.
"You would think Fury would let us finish early since we've won," Tony said, sitting next to Steve at a big (grey) conference table.
“How did you find out about it?” asked Tony. He was highly suspicious and Steve couldn’t blame him. For all he knew, they wanted to lock him up for something he didn’t do.
Tony shifted on the couch, turning his attention to Steve fully, ignoring the TV. “What do you think would have happened?” he asked. “If we were together when Thanos attacked? Do you think it would have gone differently? Would we have won?”
Tony breathed deeply. Since the gas was disappearing he let go of Steve’s jacket and took the gun in both hands. He fired a couple of more shots, all well below the waist because the risk of hitting something critical in the legs was almost non-existent.
Stark smiled at him, and Steve’s whole world felt like it’s been turned upside down. “Oh, so you’ve been there?”
Tony swallowed. And then he looked at the tattoo guy with rage. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? He has nothing to do with this.” When the guy just smiled, Tony hissed, “If you touch a hair on his head, I will skin you alive.”
. So he didn't. In a couple of strides he was in front of him, as close as he was earlier, and before Tony even managed the say, “Steve,” he was pulling him by the neck and kissing him like it was last thing he would ever be able to do.
“I am,” Steve spoke for the first time. “And I’ll tell you everything you want to know. Would you like to sit down first?”
It was a given though, since he was sort of in charge, even if not officially. The organization wasn’t exactly legal, but over the years they made up a system, and it worked for them. Steve would trust his team with his life. They were all like him. Beaten and broken and betrayed and now they wanted justice and Steve was the only one willing to do what needed to be done for that justice to be served.
Then he remembered something. It was risky, but he didn’t have much choice. “I… I was actually a plus one to my friends. She didn’t want to go alone so she asked me if I’ll go with her. It’s not usually my scene but I didn’t want her to go alone, so…” Steve trailed off. He took a sip from his own coffee to hide his nerves. It was cold and Steve wondered how long he had been sitting there when Tony found him.
Tony signed. He really should have seen that coming. “I can make it weaponless?” he asked in a one last attempt to get his way.
They discussed this, of course. Whether Tony was going to reveal to the team who he was. And though Steve had told him that they didn’t have to rush, Tony had wanted to do it as soon as possible. “Like ripping off a bandaid,” he had said.
“Hello, darling,” he drawled. Not much could be seen behind him, apart from what appeared to be some heavy machinery and gadgets that made no sense to Steve. It was probably the man’s workshop and Steve was surprised he was letting them see even this much. Iron Man was very guarded when it came to his identity or anything revolving his personal life, and it was the one thing that he and Steve could agree on.
Clint was maybe trying to ignore the elephant in the room, but Natasha wasn’t. As soon as Steve stood back up, she grabbed his arm. “Steve.”
It made Tony frown. He wanted to reassure Steve, to talk to him even but... He felt uneasy. Everything he learned so far has taught him to hide his weaknesses, create walls to protect himself.
And Steve couldn’t help but agree. He was distracted, and he shouldn’t be. He had to put Tony out of his mind, at least for now.
Tony still might've tried to argue but judging by the tense lines of Steve's back as he fought, he didn't think it would've ended well for him.
Luckily, Bruce came to his rescue, telling Steve he should check on Tony to see if he had any injuries (Tony would have protested, because he was
She smiled. It was a rare thing, Natasha’s smile. He wondered what he did to deserve it. “You seem distracted, Steve. What’s going on in that head of yours?” she asked it playfully, giving him an opportunity to do the same if he so wished, but he could hear concern behind those words and didn’t want to dismiss it.
And Tony did. He moved closer to Steve, burying his head in Steve’s neck. Steve hugged Tony close to him, thankful for the silent support.
There weren’t a lot of people inside, but there weren’t a lot of tables either, especially for such a huge space. They had complete privacy, with the best spot in the restaurant. The candle on the table was reflected on the window beside them, along with the huge chandeliers overtop.
Steve knew that this thing between them would only get more serious after today. There was no going back. He didn’t want to go back. Tony made him feel alive in a way he hadn’t felt in so long. And, yes, things would only get more complicated, and Steve’s identity was bound to catch up to him and who knows how Tony would react. But Steve would try. He would take Peggy’s advice. For once, he thought it was worth the risk.
“Morning,” Steve replied with a fond smile and reached for the glass of water. He helped Tony sit up and offered him a straw. While Tony drank, Steve added, “Well, it’s not really morning. I’m pretty sure it’s still night but… yeah.”
“Here we go again,” Natasha signed ordering them more drinks even though they hadn't finished what they already had. “Listen, those one night stands mean nothing to Tony. Why do you think no one ever stays for more than one night? They're meaningless to him.”
“My best friend. Bucky,” Steve started again. Tony nodded to indicate he remembered who Steve was talking about. “He got us out. But he never managed to get out himself.”
He turned around when he heard Tony chuckle. He was a mess, lips red, hair disheveled, eyes bright with humor. He was gorgeous.
The lead was way too good to wait on. And the longer they waited, the higher the chances of the bad guys relocating. So the very next day, they all geared up for ambush and set for the base. It was on the outskirts of New York, which was lucky because it attracted less attention, which was probably why the Mandarin had chosen it.
It was only three of them, the face tattoo guy in the front, two guys behind him, dragging someone with a bag on his head.
He had to move from his position, but he made sure to stay near the walls. He wasn't sure how much time had passed and he wasn't sure how much shots he fired but soon the room cleared and he saw that besides Steve and Natasha (and a pair of guards who also managed to cover their mouths on time) they were joined by a back-up and were on a great path in securing all the terrorists.
Steve brought up a hand to cover his smile. Tony looked indignant but amused, so Steve didn't feel too bad about it.
“No!” Tony and Steve yelled in unison which made Tony smile a little behind his helmet (where nobody could see it but JARVIS, and his programming forbade him from saying anything.)
Still, the team was getting sick of them standing on eggshells around each other. Natasha even threaten to break some of his fingers if he didn't get his act together and talked to Steve (Tony didn't really believe she would, but you never know with her).
“I don't think there's much time for that Captain,” Natasha said. Tony though she sounded way too calm for someone who was about to die in under two minutes.
Summer was near, and heat was bearing down on Steve as he sat on a bench in Central Park, waiting for Tony. He was early, but he took that time to draw a few sketches in his notebook. He rarely found the time to draw lately, what with spending his time either with Tony or at the base.
Tony broke the kiss first but only to say, “Let's go back to the Tower.” If Steve thought Tony's voice sounded odd or his phrasing unusual, it was a fleeting thought, and gone with the first touch of lips Tony initiated. They kissed until they couldn't just kiss anymore, until they needed more. They were still in the middle of the street, though, so Tony started to drag him back toward his car. Everything went by in a daze, the walk to the car, the drive to the Tower. It all lost focus until they were in Tony's penthouse and then all he could focus on was Tony, Tony's mouth on his, Tony's hands under his shirt.
When he got to the Tower, he was unsure on what to do. The one elevator he knew would take him to Tony was the one that didn’t have a button. But before he could call Tony and ask him, the elevators opened on its own, right in front of him.
Stark seemed unsurprised to be stopped, though his expression didn’t give anything away but mild interest. “Yes?” he asked, his voice confident yet surprisingly soft.
Steve turned around. He was annoyed at the expressionless mask of the Iron Man helmet. He knew the man inside was amused.
But it was just an illusion, a way to mess with Steve’s head, because just before he left, the face tattoo guy turned one last time, as if remembering. “Oh, and by the way, Captain, your team has been looking for you. Don’t worry, we sent them on quite a wild goose chase. They won’t find you here.” With that he winked and walked out of the room.
“Come on, Steve. Tell me you’re not mad. You just found out your boyfriend is actually the guy you hate.”
“Well I’d love to see some of your bigger pieces then,” Stark said without missing a beat. “So, I’ve got to ask. What brings
“Come on, Darling.” she said, voice an octave deeper, “By some miracle if you haven't knocked me up yet, make this last one count.”
Steve just leveled her with an unamused glare before he let out a chuckle. “You’re so amazing, you know that?”
“Don't even joke about that.” Steve said, pushing himself off the bed, “Come on, Darling.” he looped an arm under her legs and another around her shoulders, lifting her off the bed bridal style, before he carried her to the guest bedroom. He plopped her down on the soft mattress gently before he lied down beside her, pulling the covers up.
“So?” he got more toilet paper and cleaned up the mess, “You never care about the meetings, don't start now.” he dumped away the mess and walked out of the bathroom stalls, “Just tell them your husbands dying.”
Now, Natasha was a brash woman and wasn't above dirty talking and flirting. Especially since she knew how much it riled Steve up. He had quite a potty mouth himself, and was more efficient in using it.
His cock throbbed and he started to jerk off again. For whatever reason, the sound of her voice was doing something to him.
“Let me fuck you,” he begged, ripping open her shirt, not caring of the buttons that flew off, “Let me fuck a baby into you.”
“What- ah, fuck- What’s gotten into you?” she looked at her husband. His cheeks were flushed, his pupils blown open, clearly horny. And if that wasn't enough, he was practically naked, wearing only his underwear, where it was clear how rock hard his cock was.
Well, lets just say after one night together, waking up with a red ass, a raspy throat and a fucked out pussy was enough to change her mind.
“Baby, I know you.” he said, thrusting harder, and faster, “Give it a few days and you’ll be back on your knees begging to be fucked, my lovely little slut.”
Quickly, Steve started to moan out, “Close- i’m close.” but she could tell he was a bit frustrated. His eyebrows were furrowed as he continued to fuck her, but his thrusts weren't as powerful as they were before. Guess that with the spell breaking, it also brought back the fatigue of having rough sex for hours continuously.
Not two minutes had passed before Natasha was fast asleep, her adorable little snores music to his ears. And Steve quickly followed behind.
“You think you can go without sex? Without me eating out your sweet pussy? Fucking you in the shower? No lazy morning sex? Don’t want me to stuff your pussy with a vibrator and send you off to work? Don't want me to bend you over your lab desk and fuck you till you cry? Think you can handle it?”
Natasha’s back arched as he hit that wonderful spot. Steve could work his dick so deliciously, she never got tired of it. He was always so...big and filled her up so good.
He placed a hand over her stomach again, hoping this time, they managed to conceive. He wanted a baby, and he wanted to raise them alongside his wonderful, amazing wife.
He slowly pulled out of her, mindful of her sensitivity. His cock twitched and somehow got even harder when he finally stopped to look at Natasha’s state.
The smile Steve gave her was all worth it. He kissed her sweetly, before he moaned into her mouth, his hips moving of their own accord again.
Whoever thought it was a brilliant idea to douse the already ‘I can go eight rounds of sex without going limp’ stamina of Steve’s with an enhanced sex spell clearly had no consideration for the hips of his wife.
They stopped at that, Natasha turning over to lie on her side, which was Steve’s cue to spoon her from the back. He always loved the feeling of his broad shoulders enveloping her smaller frame. Felt like he could protect her like this, keep her safe.
Natasha let out an irritated groan, rolling her eyes. Steve had an annoying habit of making sure she got the right amount of ‘sleep’ and ‘food’ so she doesn't ‘die’. The number of times he's managed to get past the labs security system and literally carry her out of the lab was impressive and annoying.
She loved him and she loved being intimate with him. Tonight, he fucked her every-which-way. He fucked her multiple times against the wall, over the kitchen counter, on the couch, up against the giant window, in the hallway leading to the bedroom and countess times on their bed. And she let him, enjoying the ride.
Natasha bit her thumb nervously, her feet tapping as her elevator took her up to their suite. Steve’s call kept her on edge. She knew he wasn't in any danger and wasn't actually dying, but his behavior was out of the ordinary.
“Yes. Yes. Yes! Ah, fuck, Tasha. I want a baby. I want babies. Want to be a dad. Want to make you a mom. Fuck, fuck!” the pleasure he was feeling skyrocketed from Natasha’s words, he was close, so very very close.
One of their kinkiest nights was when they watched Natasha’s leaked sex tapes (filmed with her previous lovers) and Steve fucked her as he forced her to watch it, reminding her that no one could fuck her as well as he could, and no one would ever get the chance to.
He racked his brain as he cleaned the stall, wondering who he could contact to get answers, of if he should just let it go away naturally (which it hopefully will).
“Ok, ok.” Natasha said, stopping his babbling. With all the feelings attacking him at once, he was bound to be over sensitive and finish quickly, “Just...hurry up.”
Steve nodded, pushing himself up with his elbows. Natasha’s mouth watered at the scene. His hair was so messy and covered in sweat, his face flushed as he breathed heavily.
She groaned as she used all her muscle strength to turn onto her back and Steve immediately regretting pulling out. Just looking at her was enough to drive him to another orgasm.
“My body’s gonna be so fucked in the morning.” she complained, running a tired hand through his hair.
They were ecstatic, of course, but Steve did have to spend some time convincing Natasha that they were more than capable of taking care of twins.
“Picture it, Captain.” she whispered into his ear, knowing how horny that title got him when it came from her “Me, carrying your baby.” she used her other hand to grab onto his and moved it over her belly, “I’ll be all big and round.” she pulled his hand up towards her chest and made him cup one of her boobs, “My tits are going to grow bigger and be full of milk. I might even let you have a taste.”
He held her tighter, his cheek placed lovingly on the top of her head, “I love you. And I can't wait to start a family with you.”
Steve groaned, rolling his eyes, “God, I'll have to take care of two immature babies when our kid is born.”
The doors finally opened, and she walked out, her heels clicking onto the marbled floor. She hadn't even taken two steps before:
“Natasha!” Steve cried out as he continued to pound her from behind, “How- ugh, ugh- how are you holding up?”
She tweaked his nipple in retaliation (cherishing the squeal he let out) and he gave her ass a hard spank.
Suddenly, something in Steve's body seemed to snap and he collapsed on top of Natasha, his hands giving out, moaning loudly.
“You know, and I can't believe I'm saying this,” Natasha said, glancing at Steve’s pelvis, “I’m actually glad to see you flaccid.”
Well, not exactly. The man wasn't above sexting her when she was at work, but never when she was in a meeting.
She was on her knees, ass in the air, giving him a clear view of her fucked out pussy, filled with cum. Her pussy lips were red and swollen and his mouth watered at the image of him eating her out, cum and all, as she begged him to stop. Her thighs were also coated in white, the remaining cum that dripped out of her pussy soaking the sheets beneath her.
He pulled away enough to groan out an explanation: “Villain...Magic guy hit me with something...Have to fuck you, I need to fuck you.”
But she knew that once her body healed from the soreness that will definitely hit her like a bitch, she’d want to have sex with him again.
“I cant...after this.” she shivered, feeling numb. All she could process was the sticky, messy sensation of Steve's cock breaching her filled up pussy over and over again, shooting out more cum that she could handle. They lost count of how many times he came, each orgasm not too far from the next, but always giving enough to flood her insides each time. Every time he shot another load inside her, it would just push the remaining cum out, accumulating in a dirty mess, “I’m close…” Steve said, punctuating his point by thrusting his hips faster. “Fuck- Cumming, i’m cumming!” with that warning, Steve climaxed again, pushing his hips flush against Natasha’s ass, as his cock spurted out more spunk, shooting it into her womb. Natasha keened, overwhelmed by the feeling of his hot jizz getting pushed inside her. Even though Steve had filled her up (fifteen? Twenty times? Possibly more?) she still loved the feeling of him releasing inside of her.
The first time they had sex, she was a bit worried that his massive member would fit, but her fears were for nothing. Steve was so gentle and patient, making sure she was comfortable before he pushed in, inch by inch. It hurt, of course, but not in a bad way. It was a pleasurable stretch, an addictive burn and before she knew it, she was hooked.
And that was enough to push him over the edge. Biting his lip to not scream, he ejaculated again, only this time it felt actually satisfying.
Steve explained, “Before this, I-I could feel the pleasure but it also felt like I was a bit...numb. Like there was something keeping me from feeling you completely. I think it was so that I don't get too sensitive to the point where I cant fuck anymore. But now-”
Steve let out a sigh of content, after sex cuddling never got old. “I was in a sex crazed mania and you were there for me. I promise I'll treat you extra specially over the next few days while your body heals.”
Clearly he was hit with some weird...sex spell that always kept him needy. But getting release wasn't the answer then what was?
He simply grabbed that hand and placed loving kisses on all her fingers, “You knew that when you married me.”
He smiled, leaning down to place a kiss to her shoulder. “You go ahead and sleep, sweetheart. I’ll just jerk off.” he added, a bit unhappily. He knew that it wouldn't help, but Natasha had already done enough for him. That painful itch was gone, and a softer version of it was still there. He could feel it in his gut that it was almost gone. Just one or two more orgasms and the spell would wear off.
They went at it ruthlessly for two minutes before finally, it hit them. Natasha screamed, toes curling as she came again, the intensity of it making her eyes roll back into her head.
The desperation, the love they felt for each other was suffocating, as they kissed after deadly missions. They would go back to their home and take off each others suits, before falling into bed and having sweet, intimate sex. It was slow, it was personal, it was filled with love.
“Me. Somethings happened. I need help.” he was sure she could hear the squelching sound over the phone.
She was panting, face and chest flushed. Her hair matted onto her forehead, her lips were puffy and red. Her neck was covered with hickeys and it trailed all the way down to her hip, where Steve had bitten her particularly hard. Her nipples were rock hard, and also held the imprint of Steve’s teeth. Her pupils were blown wide open, the beautiful brown of her eyes practically covered, and no doubt Steve looked the same.
It took her a second to regain her senses before she asked, “Are you done?”, knowing full well the answer to her question, as his cock remained rock hard inside of her.
Natasha groaned, hands coming up to scratch at his back, nails digging into his skin, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, Steve! You’re right- I- I’m such a slut for you. Fuck me, fill me up even more. I’ll be leaking this cum out for weeks, I’ll smell like you no matter how much I shower. And if- ah, ah- when I get pregnant, everyone will know exactly who knocked me up.”
“Yeah- ah” his hips twitched forward, “Hnnng- It’s so hot...and wet. Fuck it feels so good inside you.” he kept thrusting, again and again, “One more time-please-Natasha-I need-can you?”
Steve pushed her up against a wall harshly, mouth over hers as he desperately made out with her, his hands fumbling on the buttons of her suit.
He won by a long shot, what with the extra stamina, but he made her cum so hard that she didn't care that she lost for once. Until of course, her body couldn't take it anymore and she begged him to not touch her, just ‘fuck and use her and pump all his seed deep inside her’. And, for whatever reason, viewing Natasha as a cum dump, as a hole to be fucked and bred, was something that made both of them tremendously turned on. That’s a kink she’d want to explore again.
And enjoy she did. Steve gave as good as he got. Even when he was under a sex spell and had the right to be a little bit selfish with his release, he made sure Natasha also got pleasure out of it, making her cum over and over again, to the point where they were close to being tied for number of orgasms.
Closing his eyes, he wasn't surprised that he came in minutes, his semen coating his hands and the toilet.
Steve put an end to it, knocking the man unconscious, but not before he was hit with a blast of red energy that did nothing at the time so he just brushed it off.
“Please-” she gasped out, “After this, you’ll be lucky if I- ah- if I let you fuck me again anytime soon.”
She kissed his neck, “I love you too. And I can't wait to exploit this impregnation kink you have going on,
Steve stumbled into the bathroom of a random hotel, fingers trembling as he undid his pants. He pushed them down, along with his underwear and his hard, leaking cock sprung out at full attention. He cursed silently as he took his dick in his hand and started jacking off furiously.
Steve's thrusting got faster and faster, Natasha's cries bouncing deliciously as he fucked her, hard.
He had surprised Natasha with how kinky he could be, his wife (then girlfriend) also believing that he was a goody-two shoes who couldn't be anything but vanilla.
She caressed his face, leaning up to mouth at the spot beneath his ear before she whispered, “Then fuck your babies into me, daddy.”
“T-Two more.” he stammered out, his hips automatically thrusting again, but just small ones that simply nudged his cock back and forth. He didn't want to hurt Natasha, no matter how badly he wanted to keep fucking.
“Steve!” Natasha exclaimed, breaking off the kiss with a lot of effort, but then moaning loudly as he simply attached himself to her neck, sucking a massive bruise on her.
It’s that Alpha Rogers boy again!” Howard exclaimed to his amused wife, Maria. The serenading continued on and Maria taking no pity on her fuming husband chuckled quietly.
He laughed to himself as he returned to his room to text Nat and Sam about the most recent developments in his life.
"I shifted?" Steve asked, still not moving from his position on top of Tony. "I've never done that before. And I-" he blushed once more as if he just recalled what had transpired recently.
"Steve" Tony started. The pained look still on his face. "The Nomad Voyage successfully landed on Earth despite the ship near being a wreck. All the crew was accounted for. All except their Captain." He took a steadying breath before looking at Steve in the eye. " That was 30 years ago."
When Anthony was about three years old, James brought a friend over at the mansion who he introduced as Steven Rogers. Steven and James were apparently inseparable as they had been since they were eight. They had done anything and everything together. With Steven’s sickly stature, frail limbs and pale complexion, Jarvis had an urge to protect this child as well. When Steven had been introduced to little Anthony, he had smiled widely and cooed at the toddler. Anthony took an immediate liking to the blond child as they played and played. A few days later, James became Bucky and Anthony became Tony.
Drifting through space, calculating the distance between each star and each celestial body he came upon. He was recording a nearby galaxy when the JARVIS alerted him of a foreign object obstructing the ship's path. Thinking it was just another satellite wreck, he went to the cockpit and planned on obliterating it when he cocked his head in confusion. It looked like a sleeping pod. He asked Jarvis to scan for any signs of life but the pod was too thick and made of some sort of material that JARVIS could not get past.
“Of course.” Steve said with a stiff nod. “But if I ever do hurt him, feel free to do what you want to me. Hurting Tony is the last thing I wanna do.” Rhodey glanced at Bucky who leaned back in his seat with his arm draping over the space where Tony had sat.
With the pod inside, Tony started to try and figure out how to open the damn thing. He was inputting passwords and trying to just wrech it open when it suddenly gave a hiss and unlocked on its own.
One night, it was storming. Tony woke up frightened. He decided to run to the attic. Perhaps his friend would keep him company until the storm subsided.
“So,” he started, “heard you and Tones, huh?” Steve didn’t look surprised that he knew. He just nodded.
No matter how much smarter and bigger his younger brother’s brain was compared to his, he wasn’t an idiot. And despite the stories Steve and his family told and will tell about him, despite his impulsive tendencies, James Buchanan Barnes-Stark was far from being considered an idiot.
"I didn't think anyone else knew or remembered that song existed. It was only ever passed through Irish families." Steve continued.
He had worked his way up and trained his ass off to able to be one and despite protests from his parents, he was never deterred.
“That’s different. That was me. But this is about—” he paused and gave a defeated sigh. Maria seemed to understand and just nodded. She took his hand and held it between hers as she sighed.
That night, he vowed that whatever happens, he’ll protect Tony from being harmed by anything and anyone. Even if it’s by a certain Steve Rogers.
When Tony had told him about his realizing that he had a thing, a huge thing, for his older brother’s best friend, Rhodey heard the devastation in his voice.
"Yes, you were captain of the Nomad. But let's ease down for a moment" Steve gave him a look of confusion, his brows scrunching down. "Now, how old are you?"
At first, he had become angry at the American for trying to make him off as some Alfred Pennyworth-type just because he was a Brit. He knew he wasn’t the typical servant as he was sardonic, sarcastic and didn’t do well with following his “master’s” orders. This went on for several months until he found himself slightly but genuinely caring for the man.
“Children! The show’s about to start” his stepmother, Maria, exclaimed as she entered the balcony dragging a less than enthusiastic Howard with her. Bucky strained to hear what his father was saying but the gist of it was “I could be working and making progress right now” which earned him a smack upside the head from the headstrong Italian woman. Tony hid a smile behind the tablet before Maria went and took him by the ear.
Bucky turned away from the exchange and looked at Steve who was hiding a small smile behind his drink. He caught Nat’s look who nodded to Steve’s direction and then to Tony’s. Sam let out an amused huff before patting Nat’s arm to move to another location.
. Tony thought. He remembered this night quite vividly as this was the night Tony had realized that he really was into Steve so much so that he spent the night soiling his sheets with only the blond on his mind.
Of course, he knew. Steve and Tony weren’t exactly the most discrete nor subtle people on the planet. Obtuse and oblivious, he thought, were better words to describe the two.
The mystery of the serum! For some reason, Steve starts to grow as he gets filled with his love for Tony.
There's a lot to talk about when there's only two of you in an enclosed space Steve likes JARVIS and thinks his pretty nifty. Tony's heart swells up in his chest.
At the age of twenty, as a now known professional in his (multiple) fields, Tony was now a person of his own. But Jarvis still had to remind him of basic things from time to time. His young master still lived at the Mansion with his parents, but he earns more than enough to support himself. Last night, the two young masters went out with Steve to a bar but only Bucky came home. Jarvis thought to perhaps call Tony to check on him but a small part of him whispered that it may not be the right thing to do and that he might have spent the night at Steve’s house.
Steve's being filled with too much love for Tony and now his body cant contain it. One day he starts noticing that he feels too huge for the sofa. And then he gets too huge for the doors and has to duck or squish his way through. He just keeps growing bigger and bigger that he seems like he's the size of the Hulk.
“So long as you’re happy.” He said with looking at Rogers with a calculating gaze which earned him another look of discomfort from the ex-army man. He hid a smile into Tony’s hair as he continued to watch the blond nearly trip over his own foot.
He had shifted to his half-wolf form. Steve had never said he could shift! Instead of getting angry at the hipocrisy, Tony felt arousal bloom inside of him. "You're mine!" Steved growled out. "No one else gets to have you but me" he said as he licked at Tony's cheek.
“He’s a good man, Tony.” He said taking a glance at Steve who was getting a last-minute scolding from Bucky. He looked back to Tony and hugged him tighter. “But he’s a dead man if he so much as hurts a hair on you.”
The soothing voice crooned and flowed into the Stark Household. Irritated footsteps padded across the wooden floor.
Rhodey sighed and smiled at his best friend’s antics. It was nice to see him so happy and himself for once. And after years of pining, got himself his man. He knew things weren’t going to be any easier but he was really glad that Steve was there for the young man.
Steve's eyes slightly slitted once more and a frown made its appearance on the blond's face. Blush and frown still on his face, Steve huffed up. "Well wolf me is right. I don't know why you're suddenly leaving-" "Steve, you rejected me!"
“Alcohol. Lots and lots of alcohol.” He took the bagels and proceeded to stuff his face with one. He gulped it down and gestured for both of them to sit down.
“It’s like murder but not because I want my brother to be happy and I still need a best friend” getting a mumbled ‘
They arrived at the Stark Mansion in a cab and made their way to Bucky’s room. They met the butler Jarvis on their way up and Steve couldn’t help but notice when Jarvis put a fist up and for Tony to blush and bump his on it. They arrive at Bucky’s door, looking at each other first and taking deep breaths.
And when he and Steve got some alone time in the lab, Tony doing science things and Steve doing art things, he enjoyed the quietness. But then he saw Steve looking lost like a puppy. Fidgeting as if he couldnt sit still. He asked what was wrong and Steve just turned red but still had that lost and longing look on his face.
“Tony” he called when the younger man just moaned and turned his head to press down the pillow, still asleep.
Bucky and Steve came and went, spending only a few weeks in the mansion and then immediately get flown back to wherever they were sent to. At this point, Jarvis started noticing the lingering looks and the blush Tony gets when the blond was around.
“I think there’s something wrong with me…” Jarvis only waited for the teenager to continue, “I mean, I’ve talked to Rhodey about this and he doesn’t think there’s anything wrong with it but… not everyone is Rhodey” he could feel the young man shaking and could only run his fingers through the chocolate locks.
“You’re an idiot, Stevie” he said before he started chuckling. “Oh my fucking God” he let out a long sigh, “I can’t believe my best friend and baby brother are banging each other. How the fuck is this my life?!” Steve only chuckled.
"Take it off for me?" Steve said with a tiny smirk on his face and Tony never moved so fast in his life looking for oil.
“And it is not yours either. Just let your brother have his moment.” Tony was about to retort when Steve came tumbling down the stairs. He looked up at Tony and shuffled closer in haste as he pressed a kiss on Tony’s lips. “Sorry but I gotta run” he said with a smile and immediately ran out the door. Bucky ran down the stairs to follow suit but stopped for a moment to give Tony a small peck on the forehead.
