He snorts with disbelief. "So? What do you get from me potentially telling you I hate you for it?"
"If... If that's what you want, but, um, no, that's not what I was asking, exactly." God, why is this hard? He used to be the ultimate playboy, for God's sake.
"I love you and while being with me makes you happy, being with both of us would be even better. So I wanna give you that." He ducks his head. "As long as I know you're mine, I can handle anything."
"Don't let him hear that." He chuckles softly and shrugs, still leaning against Steve. "I want more, is what I feel. More time with you, more intimacy..."
Swallowing, he finally does look back at Steve. "Well, as practice for a romantic date, not a, um," he sighs heavily at himself. "I'm sorry. I'm an idiot. I’m not normally this awkward.” Even asking Pepper out with the only food she's allergic to felt more smooth than this. He rubs his forehead and tries again. "Not to totally hone in on Turner's territory," he jokes, "but could I take you to dinner sometime soon? As something more than friends but with no pressure for a follow up?"
He scoffs and looks away for a second, trying to clear away pain so he can keep talking about this. "Yeah, see, that's the thing. He doesn't actually need anything from me. He only needs you. I... I need him, and I don't need him to need me, I've made my peace with that. But you, you just, you get in the way of everything. You've taken all the best things in my life from me and... God, I know none of it is your fault, you didn't choose to be the Winter Soldier, you didn't choose to kill my parents, you didn't mean to be the catalyst for the Avengers falling apart and me leaving my entire life behind. You didn't choose to be the guy Steve keeps referring to as his soul mate. But it still always comes down to you and I hate you for it." But his voice is only a fraction anger, it's mostly just hurt and defeat.
“I do trust you, Steve. You were nothing but honest with me since we met and now you’re here and not…” He sighed. “I really hate him Steve. I’m trying not to, I can’t right now, but I’m happy you’re with me.”
“Yes.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Anyways, Sam did a training with Rhodey once. They’re friends now. Rhodey told him, the more the merrier… So that’s how I found your stray dog on my party… And frankly, he didn’t look so good back then…”
“It’s worse than you told us… I mean we knew, Tones… Because that’s just the way it is with you… but this… Did you hear what he said? Your birthday is in six months.” Pepper raised her voice first.
In front of Tony’s door were lots of people. Two security guys, a guy that must be his age, also in military clothing and a woman with red hair. She must be Pepper; the friend Natasha had told him on their evening yesterday. They looked concerned. That wasn’t a good sign then…
Tony snorted and Steve grinned into his cup of coffee. “Yeah, how dare I missed them…”
In the meantime, he had already met Tony, only then nobody had told Steve about the chance of a prosthetic arm, probably because if they had told him about it, he wouldn’t have gone to the next mission.
Steve embraced his friend again. “I’m so happy for you, so much.” He whispered.
Tony stared up to him and nodded once. “That’s the whole point of this story, right? I wanna live.” Dr. Yinsen nodded and left the room.
“And now? Are you going to visit me every night?” Bucky asked.
“What do you mean?” He asked directly. Tony was definitely more of a straightforward kind of guy, so was Steve. That prevented miscommunication.
“Bucky. HYDRA Bucky, killed Tony’s parents.” Steve explained while watching his boyfriend with concern. He was waiting for Tony to freak out and realize what he just did. Letting not only Bucky into his home, his safe place, but also taking of the shackles, even if he was sitting in Hulks room.
Pepper gasped at him. “I hate him. I do… But no, I mean… No. He’s known Tony since he was born, he wouldn’t.”
The four remaining men were just having lunch when Tony reached a video call from Rhodey. Tony answered it. “Hi Rhodeybear, what’s up? Your face seems cracked? Did you destroy my multi-million-dollar suit?”
“Hi pretty genius.” Steve answered and put away his draft, to turn properly into Tony’s direction.
Would tease me through the night.
Tony sighed and leaned back so his head lied on the couch headrest. “How could I wish for someone to die, so I could live another ten, if I’m lucky 15 years? They will need a young heart… The mere thought makes me sick. And even if I get one, I need a new one again and again, but I won’t get one at a point. It’s like as if we were delaying my death only by pure luck.”
He always questioned his sexuality. He always thought that guys were way more attractive than girls, but he couldn’t ever connect with them. Everything was ever only physical, and he just needed more. Steve wanted love. And then he had laid eyes on Tony. There was this major attractiveness point but so much more… Yes, he fell fast and hard but he was eager to make it worth.
“That’s why it took you so long!” Tony whined and switched on the TV. “I love that car, I have another one down in the garage, I wouldn’t have killed you, if you would have driven a little faster.
Even after the Avengers had finished their breakfast and Steve had cleared the kitchen, Tony was still sleeping. And honestly Steve wanted to let him sleep, he needed it and he was surprised he was still sleeping. Then again in the last 48h, if he calculated correctly, it still was only about 11h of sleep, at best. But Steve knew that Tony would want him to wake him up.
“You’re okay?” Steve asked because the sad expression was not leaving Tony’s face, in fact he believed Tony was on the verge of tears. “I just thought about my funeral.” Tony admitted without taking the look away from the yellow roses that looked half death. Steve swallowed. He would not talk with a twenty-year-old about death, would he?
“Giving me fashion tips?” Tony grinned up into the next camera. He hadn’t bothered about his looks that day. He was wearing an old pair of sweatpants and Steve had gifted him one of his SHIELD sweaters. It was huge but to comfy and yes it was still August and he could turn on the heating but nothing comforted as much as this.
“I’m killing that son of a bitch.” Clint declared.
“No, as much as I love your couch, I still rather sleep in your bed.” He picked up Tony in bridal style, to carry him into the bedroom.
“You flatter me.”
Another sigh and Steve heard this tiredness again and he hated that sound. When this showed up on the genius face and was heard in his voice, that’s when he seemed really old to Steve, similar to Howard Stark. As if anything they do, would never end to be something good, and everything was useless anyway.
“Yeah, eight days I think, I’m not really keeping track on time at the moment. Why?”
Falling asleep near Steve, with Sam and Bruce talking about physics had been easy. He liked the sounds, anything to not let his thoughts be the loudest in his head. And now, Steve’s presence seemed to calm him down in a way, he hadn’t been since the Chitauri attack maybe even since he got kidnapped. But even the hot blond guy next to him, couldn’t calm him enough to fall asleep again.
Felt a tug at your heart didn't know why
Bye and enjoy.
Bucky grinned wide at him, before his eyes dropped to the yellow roses that Steve had put in a glass of water. “I thought we talked about not bringing flowers to a guy.” Steve’s cheeks flushed within seconds.
Dreaming about the things that we could be
Bucky smiled a moment. “Steve always loved books. When you got me the books, I remembered how in the war he would always read when he wasn’t about to die, that or drawing. He loved that too.”
“I’m already on it, Sir.” The AI answered directly.
Steve whispered things into his ear, but Tony didn’t understand one word. He was captured in his mind, and he just wanted to break free of it, leave his mind and never have to think again, never have to remember again. He wondered if it was humanly possible to never stop crying and if not, he would certainly be breaking the world record with the longest and ugliest crying session.
“I cannot talk to him. We are too related. And I’m surely cannot let Tony to him, we don’t need any panic attacks or murder, from any side.”
Traduction:
“I think I haven’t been so happy in a long time, Steve… Thank you. I feel so much better, only because you’re here…” He still looked so tired, and Steve had to stop himself from pulling Tony into an embrace and never let him go. He had a strong urge to protect Tony and no idea from what exactly. He just looked like a young and lost boy.
“He showed the newspaper of your parents, the car crash… Tony, there’s something off…” Tony looked up to him and Steve never saw the eyes of the man as stone cold as now. His emotions had turned in the matter of seconds, he was just smiling, and then… He actually reminded him of the Winter Soldier, himself.
“Butler?” Steve frowned. “Those still exist?”
He tried to calm his breath down, but the harm was already down. He felt sweat on his forehead and how his hands slightly started to shiver. It was a little dark in her, wasn’t it? And then, there was already a nurse walking into the room.
You're Somebody Else - Flora Cash
Now it was Bruce that stopped in his track. “Wait, no… Tony that’s a trap! Bucky, you mean Cap’s best friend Bucky?! He’s dead, like… No! He fell off that train… That’s like, impossible. However, that is, it’s not Barnes.”
“Rhodes?” he wondered.
“I’m yours anyway.” And with that Tony fast fell asleep without saying another word, Steve on the other hand couldn’t sleep. That was a first for him since he was with Tony, but suddenly he just couldn’t stop thinking about the possibility of Bucky seeing the death penalty.
“What about you? Tony asked.
“They only know him as the bastard he is in the business, but you have to.”
Steve frowned. “Wait a damn minute, what did you just say?”
“Believe me, I’m still an egoistic bastard, I can just hide it better.”
Steve closed his eyes for a moment. God, Tony reminded him of himself when his mom died. And his heart was breaking. Tony lost his parents, both on one day without warning. And everybody had expectations a twenty-one-year-old could never fulfill, even not a genius. No time for grieving.
“What happened?” Cap asked.
Tony heard Steve’s swallow when Bucky didn’t react in any way on the trigger words. He maybe flinched at the beginning but that was only out of fear of what might could happen. Everybody in the room smiled, and Natasha and Sam celebrated with a secret hand shake. Clint looked rather proud of himself, since it was him finding the book he clearly was the hero of the story.
“And that’s my personal paradise.” He ended the room tour down in the garage. Steve had been blown away by the fact that his bedroom was probably five times as big as the one he had in Brooklyn and that he had his own bathroom, but this… This was so much more, and he felt as if Tony had just given him the keys to his heart.
“I don’t want you to go into a panic attack, Sir but my screening indicates the man in Mr. Wilson’s company is no other than Sargent James Barnes.” Tony’s heart sunk and he swallowed. “He is wearing handcuffs. I’m not certain, he’s with Mr. Wilson out of free will.” JARVIS clarified.
It took Steve four hours to arrive back in New York at the Stark Tower. At first, he wanted to call, but then he decided he had to take things in his own hands. Calling would not tell him, what Tony felt, how he was doing. He could not see if Tony tried hiding something from him.
Tony laughed once, and his whole face lifted up with it. “It was a big party… It was probably because of Sam… I’m the assistant of one of his profs, and I gave a lesson on his class one day, the day of the party and I invited the whole bunch. Sam wasn’t sure he could bring him along without asking, but he knew Rhodey, you met him, right? Outside, the other military guy, Air Force.”
Bucky hadn’t neither refused nor accepted the offer yet. He wanted to think about it, which honestly was fair and gave Tony a little more time to get over the fact that this face killed his parents. But Bucky also needed a perspective because naturally at first, he wouldn’t find a job, and he wasn’t allowed outside the US and even 13 states had restricted him from entering. Life wouldn’t be easy like that.
“As you wish, Sir.” JARVIS answered. Out of the wall, well a hole opened in the wall, but for Steve it was still coming out of nowhere, something flew into their direction. Seconds later, Bucky had shackles around his ankles and wrists. They were thick and Steve could see, there wouldn’t be a way to escape them. Even with Bucky’s metal arm.
“You bet we are!” Clint laughed. “And since Mom and Dad are out on a date, how about we order some pizza and do a video game night?”
“How come? I thought you tried to hide it in the army.”
The doctor put the stethoscope back around his neck. “I planned on telling the nurses to give you an extra pudding for dessert, but I just changed my mind.”
“It’s an exception, only for our first date. And I will make sure you eat enough of the fruits.” And just to tease Steve, Tony took some pieces of bread and meat instead of the fruits.
“Well, I thought you liked it yesterday.” Steve answered cheekily. Tony bit his lips, while watching all of Steve’s movements.
“That, right here. You cry so silently, as if you need to hide it. You barely show your honest emotions. It's the first time, I see them. I'm sure, I'm not the only one you tried to keep at distance. You push people away before they get to close. I’m just wondering if you’re having another trauma…”
“Absolutely not!” Tony declared with a firm voice, when Steve broke the idea to him on going to the football match. “When I let you choose the place for our first date, I expected a little more, Rogers.” The genius wasn’t directly angry but definitely distraught, Steve saw his fast breathing and his restless eyes.
“Secretary Pierce, he killed Fury.”
“So, I have two years, a little time to wait for dad to wake up.” Tony played up and crossed his arms to prove his point, but made him only look more like a kid.
It was unsurprisingly Tony losing his temper. “Shut your fucking mouth, Obadiah. I will throw you out personally if you don’t back off, and believe me I’m strong and angry enough!” He screamed and after a few seconds Stane actually made a few steps backwards without taking his eyes off Steve, neither did he.
“My strategy is working out just fine, thanks for your input. And yes, this time, I bought red flowers.” He proudly showed them right into Bucky’s sight, who only rolled his eyes.
Steve threw his hoodie on the bag. “I have an apartment in Brooklyn. I’m here because of you, okay? I would have stayed here anyways, okay? Your couch is shit, and I’ve no interest in listening to your sex life with Natasha. I heard it once, I’m still not over that trauma, okay?”
And Steve read about Tony’s ... activities. Steve would be back in service in two months. Why was he even thinking about it being possible? That was not the life he was meant to have… Maybe, he should just try to love girls. Peggy was great, and she knew army life…
“You choose, I pay.”
“Tony.” Steve tried to get him to understand without spelling the problem. But Tony just stared back to him like a five-year-old trying to understand how babies were made. “You sure you’re a genius? Cause right now, I’m doubting it. Seriously, you don’t see a problem with that?”
Tony smiled at him. “Will you pray for my soul when I die?” He asked, and a part of Steve had wished for Tony to say it with a cheeky tone in his voice, a naughty smile on his face. But he was dead-serious, literally. Steve really wanted to cry.
He knew already now that Tony’s death would break his heart, but nothing could bring him to the point of not spending time with the genius. He was alive now, right? Nobody lived forever, all of his friends could die soon. People had car crashes all the time. People were even murdered, or they could get sick. Why should he dwell on that when they were all there, in the present?
“So, you two are together now?” Sam asked, trying to cool down everybody’s emotions.
“That wasn’t the usual procedure.” Bucky mumbled but his face definitely changed the color dramatically fast, and he couldn’t even look into Steve’s eyes, which happened only rarely.
It killed him not to ask, not to explain how he himself felt. How it was crazy to think that his best friend, his brother, was still alive, after believing he was dead. But Tony must feel miserable. He believed for over twenty years, that his parents died dramatically in a car crash and now… chances were high they were killed by the Winter Soldier, probably brutally and without mercy. Steve refused to call the assassin Bucky, because it was not him. The man he was, did not know who he was. Bucky would never kill innocent people and surely not Howard.
“Is it going to kill you?” She wanted to know, only calming a little more down.
When she opened it, Steve rolled his eyes. He could not believe that of all people, Natasha called Tony fucking Stark. “Miss Rushman, it’s nice to see you.” The man said and took off his sunglasses.
“There you are!” Pepper said only seconds after.
“Tony won’t die, not when I’m there.” He looked away from her to find Tony’s brown eyes. He was calming down again. His hands were still shaking, though. “Tony asked you to leave, twice in fact, so Ms. Potts, it would be appreciated if you’d follow his wish, if not, I may have to force you.”
He shivered only by the thought of it. Absently, he could hear and feel how his heartrate was rising and his blood pressure with it. He wouldn’t have a panic attack right now and right here? Next to this utterly beautiful human being. No, that was not going to happen.
Sam raised his hand to threat Tony with a slap across his face. “He’s joking.” Steve said and he was really relieved that he could honestly say that Tony joked. “Tony is actually happy to have another tech guy on the team. You are an Avenger now, if you want.”
Steve raised an eyebrow at him and grinned. “So, you hit on Pepper and Clint. I feel like I have to keep an eye on them.”
“Bruce?”
Now for the first time in their conversation Tony looked up to his friend. He had tears in his eyes, but he was still withholding them. He didn’t want to cry, his parents where long gone and his father was… Their relationship was difficult, but neither his mother nor his father had deserved to die the way they did and Tony just could not erase the pictures out of his mind.
Instead of answering, Steve walked back to Tony and held out his hand. Tony looked up, hesitancy glooming in his eyes. “Wanna see my surprise?” Steve whispered. “If you don’t want me to break your heart because you trust me, then give me a chance to prove it’s safe with me.” Tony still seemed indecisive for a few moments before he took Steve’s hand and followed him back upstairs.
“No, it obviously couldn’t! And you know why? Because I’m gonna break that guy’s head and after I’m giving Steve a shovel talk he’s never heard in his entire life, and after it I’m gonna slap him across the face because that killer machine is in your home!”
“Absolutely! I mean after I find something for my eyes.”
“Why did you do that?” Steve asked, and he wouldn’t let it go. He didn’t ask last night but he needed to be prepared, to learn when Tony was about to do something stupid. “You lied to me, not that I’m angry about that, only because it was nothing major, but… We talked about that, if you want be to help, you must open up a little, so I can be a good boyfriend.”
“Dude, she called him a piece of shit, what do you think?” Clint answered lamely.
“Well, I told her I would give up Iron Man and now I’m here.”
“Why is you saying that only more pressuring?” Steve murmured. “You want me to start?” He wondered when Tony turned the board around, white now in front of him.
“If I don’t get to him first.” Natasha added.
“So that’s it.” Tony told Bucky, when the prosthetics clipped on his stump. “You have the SI app, right? Like that you can give direct feedback, and there’s a phone number you can call if there are any problems coming up.”
I hope you enjoy the reading as much as I enjoyed the writing!
“Hey Dumbass!” Somebody shouted at him and Steve was back in reality. Bucky was looking at him with a raised eyebrow. “Man, this daydreaming has to stop before your back with the army.” Steve rolled his eyes
“I can’t eat, Rogers. I throw everything out.” Tony answered honestly. Steve knew he was telling the truth, because Tony looked away from him. He was ashamed. “I’ve got some ulcers. It hurts like hell when I eat. And it does not take long for it to come the wrong way up again.”
Steve bites his lip. "D-don't stop. For my sake, I mean."
"It is over. I'm with you, 100%, I promise." He closes the distance between them, slips his hand onto Bucky's shoulder. "I'm yours, Buck. I won't cover it up anymore."
who I'm avoiding."
Tony smiles. "I wanna do what ever'll make you happy, Steve." And he means it.
When Bucky lowers enough for Tony to see over his shoulder he goes tense at the sight of Steve, guilt hitting him hard, but at the same time the other man's lips make him shudder pleasantly and his hips push forward to fill the space his hand vacated. "Steve, oh God, I'm sorry. Fuck, get off of me, Bucky, I'm not- this was a terrible idea."
He puts on a small, sort of defeated, smile and sits down beside Steve. "Because if he isn't, I don't get why you're here."
"Deal." Beaming, Steve leans in for another deep kiss, just enjoying to feel his connection to Tony again.
Grinning darkly and knowing that Steve can hear them, Bucky chuckles. "Well, if I run out of cum to breed you with, I can always fist you. Don't think I haven't seen the way you look at my arm, Iron Bitch."
"He called me his boyfriend when we fought. I wasn't even aware... that he loved me like that. He had never said anything."
The moan he gives is nearly imperceptible as he gets Bucky's flesh in his hand, but it's certainly there. Tony gives into the kiss, opening up and letting Bucky claim him as he reorients his hand and strokes over the massive length. A moment later, though, he forces the kiss to break. "Wait, wait, stop. This isn't right. We're both with Steve but that doesn't... we can't... this is cheating."
Steve is caught a little off guard by that and he can't deny the pleasure spark that runs through his body at that touch. It's been a long time since he's been this close to anyone. Shyly, he pushes back, moving his foot in the same way as Tony, even if he's less subtle and graceful about it.
"I'd be gentle, actually. Take you out of your head with pleasure you've never felt before. Absolute overload. Some pain, too, of course. Your nipples, your cock and balls... but not as the main focus. The main focus would be breaking you down with need and desperation so much you beg me to fist you with my metal arm. I've seen the way you look at it."
Steve sighs. "Buck, let him go. I messed up, Tony has every right..."
Tony lets that question sit with him for a minute. If he's honest with himself, he absolutely wants to have sex with Steve as soon as humanly possible. He'd do it right this second if that were an option. It takes a moment for him to pull himself into reasonable wants and expectations. "I'm looking to spend a nice night together, and show my... my physical interest in whatever way feels good for you."
She shrugs. "I think Tony's got it bad enough that you've got some time, probably. As long as you make things right with him soon. Not that I'm saying you're the only one who screwed up. It's Tony and a relationship, I'm sure he did way more that his share of fucking it up."
"Clearly you're not too familiar with the Maria Stark foundation," he smiles a little smugly. "I do a lot of things like that. For example, last month the entire student body of MIT had all of their projects fully funded."
"... Yes?"
"No, everything is working fine. Thank you." Steve swallows and steps closer. "Tony, will you please turn around and talk to me?"
The close quarters haven't bothered most of the team, but Tony and Steve have barely spoken since the 2-on-1 standoff in Siberia. The change was a shock to his system, so used to having Steve at his side all the time, used to goodnight kisses and good morning text messages. But with Bucky back... Well, Tony had gotten the impression long ago that he was the 'soulmate' Steve always mentioned having missed his chance with. He didn't bother with a conversation to end things between them, it was given. Tony was someone Steve could make due with, but Bucky was the real deal.
He ducks his head and pulls away, obviously very ashamed. "Yes? I mean... uhm, I'm sorry?"
"More than fine with it." He finishes whatever he's doing, whether he's actually done or not, and turns to face Steve again, crossing his arms over his chest. "Thought about taking advantage of some of it, actually, but I've never found Mr. Right and I know I'm not stable enough for kids unless I want them raised by a nanny like I was."
"Long story short, I told him I was interested," he says with a nervous laugh. "He's got some pretty… unconventional interests." Tony treads lightly, even less sure if Bucky would be upset with Tony just spilling everything. "Hearing about them is what got me all... Well, like what you walked in on."
Still leading, "But like, in this really fucked up way where everything you wanna do with me is so far outside the realm of normal you're not sure anyone else could recognize it as you being into me?"
His grin keeps widening and he gets up, walking past Tony and leaning to whisper in his ear. "See, and that's why if I did hate you and wanted to get rid of you, I could and you know it."
"What do you want me to do, Tony?!" Steve doesn't let it go that easily. "Do you want me to still be with you after everything that happened? Do you want me to lie to you and myself and everyone else around? Do you want to punish me for the way I feel?"
Tony doesn't flinch. Part of him might've been wanting it, and his tone turns condescending. "Oh, hit a little too close to home there did I, big guy? If you're gonna be fucking a mass murderer, you might wanna grow a thicker skin when people call him out on it."
"Don't worry, you're Steve's and I'm not going to mess with your guys's relationship in any way."
Christ, even Steve wants to see it, and that's really what gets him to stuff down his pride enough to go through with it. It sounds forced and it definitely is. Even though the sentiment behind it is true, this really isn't his thing. But there's nothing he wouldn't do to make Steve feel good.
Steve lets out another sigh but this time it's a happy one. "I love you, too, Tony. Now come here so I can kiss you some more."
loves him, then go right on ahead and get rid of me."
“There are gonna be cameras. And I don't mean the kind that are always watching. Are you okay with that?"
"You know, you don't have to cook," he closes any distance between them, leaving less than a foot of space. "I was supposed to take you out, be the gentleman. I, um, I screwed that up pretty hard but I'd like to keep trying. Maybe I could order something, delivered from any restaurant you want?"
"If you're bigger than Steve, I don't think that'd take long, using my face until I can't take it anymore," he comments with a teasing smile. "I'm pretty new to the whole cock sucking thing, truth be told."
"I have you guys," Steve says, not really sure what Tony is getting at. "My friends."
with you, Steve, and I thought... I dunno, I thought you were, too. I thought it was just too scary for either of us to say, to actually admit out loud like that. But I don't see what difference it makes now."
Steve's smile turns a little wicked and he looks away for a second, almost shy and definitely embarrassed of his debauched thoughts. "Yes, God yes Tony, so so much. Want him to wreck you, to take you apart, wanna hear you pant his name and mine together. You're so beautiful when you... when you break."
"What? No. Stay out of it." No longer in the mood to eat, he heads towards his work room.
It's kind of breathtaking, the way Bucky spells it out, the images it conjures of how Steve is with him when they're alone, the perspective he puts it all in. A lot of his anger is fading out. It takes a second before he registers that Bucky said
That catches him off guard and he stares for a long moment, cranks turning in his head as he processes that. His voice is lower, leading, more sure when he speaks again. "No. What do you mean, I look good when I break?"
Bucky is busy sipping on his coffee, pretending not to care.
Tony glances down at the adjustment and suddenly it's really warm in here. He adjusts his thigh a bit. "Uh, technically, about a month. Publicly? A few months. Publicly with another man?" He clears his throat. "Never."
Tony glances towards the balcony for a second, then looks back at Steve. "This whole... what you walked in on, it started with Barnes wanting
Tony is in equally good spirits. He feels secure with Steve, certain enough now that what they have works, and it's real, and it's here to stay. It's taken some time and a lot of effort to learn to be okay with Steve's, em,
Bucky snorts. "You guys are both total idiots." He looks at Steve. "I'm not going anywhere, I'll be at your side to the end of the line. Why are you not together with him?"
"Have you seen you?" Bucky scoffs. "The way he looks at you and the way you look at him? And just because I would love to kiss Steve like that or fuck him through the wall while you watch doesn't mean I can or
"I said I'm broken, that's it," he retorts gruffly and sits down, staring at his coffee.
"... You're serious? That would drive me insane, Buck, I can't understand how you could be fine with that."
Steve sucks on his lip a second as he chooses his words. "Brutal. Not in that context, I mean. With the way Tony was reacting, I'm glad you were, but it was just... really different."
"And when you haven't 'just found him again'? When he's been around for months? When he accidentally sees us kissing for the first time and realizes he's jealous? How's that gonna go, Steve? Because I was fine with you settling for me, but if we're just doing this until he decides he wants you, I'd like to know. I'd like to be ready for it." It’s so genuine, it would scare him if he were really paying attention to his own feelings right now. He’s good to just enjoy things while they last, he’s good with getting second place, just so long as he knows that’s where he stands.
There's no way he can't smile when Steve is looking at him like that. "Well, now you know why I never had a girlfriend for more than a month."
Bucky's arm was truly archaic and the upgrades took almost a day, but finally Bucky is back in the shop and Tony is reconnecting it, running a quick diagnostic to make sure it integrates properly with the hardware in his shoulder. When the test looks good and Bucky's shown he's got full articulation and range of motion, Tony's work is done. Which means Tony's bad mood is back, and with Bucky right there as the perfect outlet,
Steve turns around and takes a deep breath or two. "It's our
Steve just breathes, trying to get his thoughts in order. "We saw each other for a while. I don't know what it was, we didn't put words to it until after it was over. The Accords and everything that came after that put a wedge between us. He, I don't know, assumed it was over? Decided it was over? Though I had? I don't know. And now he's... and I'm..." he sighs again.
“He’s dying Steve.” Bucky whispered.
Steve sat down again. “Listen, Stark. I’m happy you wanna help but, you are too…”
“Activate protocol Loki for Barnes, JARVIS.” Tony ordered. His voice was hoarse, that was the first thing Steve realized, but Tony hadn’t screamed. At the same time, he seemed calm, there was no shakiness in his words. Only after he had analyzed that, he wondered what protocol Loki was.
Steve rode shotgun while Tony took the seat behind him. The first minutes of the ride where silent, but Natasha kept on watching Tony in the rear mirror. “How’s Pepper, Tony?” She asked. They looked eyes in the mirror for only a second, and she knew.
“I’m just thirsty, I will come back in a minute. Go back to sleep. You need it.” Steve sighed into his pillow and closed his eyes again. That was then his first lie in the relationship, but it was for a good cause, right? Tony wanted to make it work with Steve and for that it would clearly help to get closer to his buddy.
Tony straightened up in front of him and Steve even got a little smile. “Thank you, Steve.” He looked down at the streets for a moment, he was thinking, Rogers recognized this face. “I was not totally honest with you guys.” Tony admitted and looked back up to Steve. “Pepper left me. I’m alone. She moved out. It’s final.”
“So, what do you think about it?” Tony asked then.
“Would you like to go out with me?” Steve couldn’t stop himself asking when Tony had finished his conclusion. In his mind, Steve had just given himself a slap across the face. This was the worst moment he could have come up with that.
“God, Tony! I thought he only had 20%!”
“Yeah, you’re right, but I have that amazing boyfriend helping me to be a bit less patriotic, self-righteous and self-blaming.”
He knew that it was completely irrational to be afraid of the operation. Dr. Yinsen was the best cardiologist one could have, and Tony trusted him, usually. But giving his life into the hands of someone else wasn’t something he liked since Afghanistan.
“Bucky?” Steve asked.
Then he met Clint. He was best friends with Natasha since they were kids. Apparently, he was pretty sportive, he got into college with a scholarship. He played the Quarterback, and everybody predicted he would go into the NFL, but Clint only uses it to get a degree and he chose Boston to be around Natasha. He was a nice guy, down to earth, funny too. Steve could get used to him.
“Killing people is just false. I won’t do that all my life. Don’t get me wrong I’m proud of a lot of my work. I saved people, soldiers, civilians, a lot of kids… but I’m not proud to be the one to make the call if we have to attack.”
“So, what do we have?” Tony ignored him and turned back to Cap.
In the morning, Natasha had pushed a paper in his hand before leaving for class. ‘General Hospital, floor 6, room 34.’ She was so fast out of the apartment that he couldn’t even say thank you.
Tony did not show up. Although Steve had hoped until the last hour of his two days stay in the hospital. There was nothing on the news about him, so there probably was no other crisis keeping Tony occupied. To be fair, he had told him he would call after everything was over, but being in the hospital must be a good excuse to not call, right?
“Thank you, for being there for him. He needed people, but at that time… I was the wrong person.”
“No, he doesn’t. But hey, I like it, it sounds so much cooler.” Steve laughed and pulled a blanket over Tony and himself.
“Why is Tony helping him?” Clint wondered.
Stane shook his head a few times before breaking into laughter. “Okay, I will explain it differently, the only CEO that this company is having right now, is me. I am the boss, Anthony. The board approved of my plan.” He shrugged. “There’s nothing you can do apart from staying at your father’s side, so keep your fingers away.” He shot a last meaningful glance at Steve before leaving the room.
Wenn wir uns lieben
“No.” The smaller man said himself. “Sam is right, we cannot bring him away. This is the safest place, for him, for us and the world… For now. I have a Hulk proved floor. We bring him there and JARVIS can take of the shackles.”
Steve squatted down in front of the couch, touching Tony’s face only with one finger, caressing his cheek up to his hairline and back down to his lips. It must be the hundred time for the last week that Steve thought how handsome this man was.
“Don’t you think the first important thing is that he will live? And not Bucky?” Sam’s laugh disappeared.
In that moment a thought of Bucky came into his mind and Steve remembered that even with his best friend, it never was just Steve and Bucky. Ever since he became Captain America, something had changed in their relationship. They were still like brothers, Bucky was still making fun of him, but the look in his eyes was different. Bucky had looked up to him, but Steve had preferred, when it had been him that needed to look up to his best friend.
“You don’t have a car?” Tony wondered.
Tony shook his head. “I wanted to hit on Nat, but she’s scary.” He touched Steve’s leg unremarked by the people around them. “But you believe I changed, right?” He whispered, so only Steve could hear him, maybe Bucky, since it was so loud around of them. “And even if I haven’t till now, I’m ready to do it for you.”
“Nooooo, I wanna hear it, pleeeasssse, Steve!” Steve changed his face into his best version of ‘Angry Captain America’ and he mixed it with a little ‘Are you actually serious?’ with a little pinch of guilt-tripping. The perfect Cap face.
Steve had wished for him not to say it out loud so that just for a moment he could have pretended it wasn’t true, that she was still alive, and they could have another day or two, even another hour would have been something he could have worked with.
He was joking of course, Tony laughed silently, shaking his head, but Steve still thought it was a little morbid, maybe because Tony had in fact nearly died a couple of times.
“Why did you accept the promotion than?” Tony wondered honestly. “You could have just stayed down in the rank. You wouldn’t have to decide.”
“He went to see Barnes? That’s brave.” Sam declared.
“You are Steve. You are a good boyfriend.” Tony rubbed over his eyes. “I don’t know, last night, it sounded like a good idea, well in my head. I want it to stop Steve, okay? I need to face the demons that are haunting me so that we can move on. I want to move on with you. I want a future with you. Bucky will be a part of it and before that happens I need to stop having panic attacks when I see him.”
His anticipation faded quickly when his eye caught the sight of a young man with brown hair that seemed to struggle to walk. His first thought was that he was drunk or drugged, but he talked to someone on the phone, no slurring in his voice. He had the back to Steve, so he couldn’t see any other indications for his assumption.
“Just that I love him, okay?” He whispered and was definitely close to fall back asleep.
“So, he saved me? What was he doing there?”
“You retired.” Steve claimed.
“I was in a compromised position, I mean… for my condition and for…” He sighed. “Damn it, a guy was sucking me off, okay? Whyever you are afraid to let people know you are into guys, it’s not a problem for me, alright? And I won’t tell a soul.”
On his next visit, he and Nat were already dating, and he saw how Bucky finally found his smile back. Not all the time, but he was still there. He would never be the same, but maybe he could go back to enjoying and really living his life.
“Liked that, Rogers?” Tony asked when they broke apart.
“What?!” There was the shock then. “Wait, wait, wait! No, Tony!” She stopped a second. “Nooo!”
“Very well, young Sir. Welcome. Do you want a drink? Maybe a glass of water to hydrate after your run?”
“Really?” Bucky exclaimed. “That’s a joke, right?”
“Dizzy, drugged, but not with good stuff, stupid.” She laughed once and held his hand tighter. “You wanna kill me with your hand?” He asked.
“You should call him, you know?” Natasha told him at Fury’s gravestone, when she gave him everything she knew about the Winter Soldier.
“So, any news for now?” Pepper asked, purposely to not let anybody have the chance to comment further on Steve’s outburst.
Tony swallowed and after a couple of seconds he was back to normal. “Thanks for telling me, maybe we will find some evidence.” Steve nodded again. He did not know what to say, Tony would not bring the murderer of his parents to a court, if he had enough proof, the killer was dead, probably without any evidence to prove Tony’s crime. The only thing Steve didn’t know, was if he would stop or support his friend.
Tony closed his eyes again, sinking deeper into the couch. “Everything said then.”
“He totally swings both ways, by the way.” Natasha kept up his hope. Steve could actually try it. If it was right what they were saying. If Tony actually liked guys… He called Steve handsome, so there was that too, and Steve knew that he was not so bad these days. He was not stupid, not at all. He was a fucking Captain in the army at age 26 that didn’t sound so bad.
“PTSD.” The other man answered.
“We had a long night. He couldn’t sleep, after we went to bed. He left to go to see Bucky, and that information was forced out of JARVIS. He came back and was a mess. He only fell asleep after watching three episodes of New Girl. At first, I believed he passed out.”
“On it, Boss. It may take a minute.”
“Thanks.” He only answered. And the moment she had left the room, his stomach started growling, he should probably get something to eat before Tony would wake up. At least than he wouldn’t wake up alone and Steve could maybe talk to him about the operation.
“I thought, I could just call you.” Bucky laughed.
“Yes and no.” Steve answered the same way Pepper had. “From what I’ve seen, he is pretty mature, more than some of the kids I met in the army, just sometimes he wants to be a kid so bad that he tends to forget all of his responsibilities. I think it’s understandable if you have a look at his history.”
“Get up, I make breakfast, with the medication you should be able to eat more or less normal again.”
“Natasha, we don’t want people to know where we are, and you call Stark?” Steve asked bewildered.
Tony could be his future, there was no doubt about that. Steve had to take a chance on love, and his chance was the man in his arms. He was not certain, he would get another chance on him, if Bucky would show up again. So maybe it was about choosing his future or deciding to get back a part of his past.
Steve went forward and tapped his shoulder. “Hey, boy, you’re alright?” Brown hairs turned around.
“Bucky remembers a red book. Well, he freaked out a moment when I bought him some of Natasha’s Russian books, one was red and he threw it away, then he remembered.”
“Can you play chess?” Tony asked. He had seen what harm he had done to the soldier. Talking about your death with a hot foreigner. Stupid. Before his heart stopped yet again, he had been better in his flirting game. “My Dad brought it along, and well, you’re the only person here right now.”
“We did not fight. And it’s not Cap in the room.” Tony scratched his head and started walking again. “The problem, you and I need to solve, is the person in the room.” Bruce waited patiently for Tony to continue, but he was still wondering. “It’s Bucky Barnes, ever heard of him?”
After he had finished the dishes and cleaned the table, he looked around in the penthouse and asked himself what he should do now. He probably should just leave. Tony had just been nice, he didn’t really want him to stay.
“Barnes and…” He sighed. “I hate my dad. I don’t want to, I thought I wouldn’t anymore but… It came back.”
Dr. Yinsen sighed. “I know I can’t force you, but if we don’t get you a pacemaker now… I’m not sure you’re going to see your 21st birthday. Also, that would give us time to cure you completely, or at least to make sure you can live with that thing till you’re a hundred years old. I really don’t want to transplant you… I don’t wanna hope for the death of another person so you can live.”
“That’s a great decision. I have to inform you about the risks…”
Until now, it hasn’t even seemed like Bucky would fight, even if he was attacked himself, but Steve meant what he had said. He would kill him if he ever attacked Tony. That was it. It would kill him inside, but he would rather live with that than visiting Tony’s grave.
Pepper laughed a short moment. “You’re really a good soldier.”
“So, young man.” Dr. Yinsen entered the room after a knock. Steve and Tony just both had finished their breakfast, and Steve hadn’t yet been able to talk to him about anything. “I heard you didn’t sleep so well last night.”
Steve shot him a glance. “Yeah, maybe they are.” He reasoned. “But the rest of them, except Thor, is usually considered as normal human beings and it works the same with them.”
“Right?” Bucky laughed. “It’s fantastic, isn’t it? I mean it’s not hand warm, but it isn’t ice-cold either, I thought so since it’s a lot of metal, but it’s great isn’t it? I mean it has some bugs, but it’s still better than no arm at all, what do you think? I look great, fantastic, if Nat didn’t love me before, she certainly does now.”
“Wow.” Was in fact the only word leaving his mouth. The garage downstairs was… It was huge, he couldn’t even compare it to anything. It wasn’t clean at all but… it seemed oddly comfortable for a place that was mostly made out of metal.
“Hey, everything’s fine. We were fine back at Tony’s place, no worries, big guy. You were right, Tony deserves his friends. I’m just concerned because of you. You see why, right?” Bucky pushed him a little away only to take his face in his hands.
They had played three rounds, Tony winning all of them, although he really had tried to let Steve win the last round. However, he underestimated the soldier. He recognized Tony’s tricking within three plays and shot him a glance. “No need for pity. Give me your best.” He had told the genius, so Tony won the last round too.
“Bucky killed his parents.” Steve simply explained. There was no need to explain again that it was actually HYDRA. Everybody knew why they were here.
Second of all, let me explain. I worked the whole summer full-time and I had to repass a few exams on top of that, I only had a single week of holiday which I spent abroad with friends so I hadn't even my laptop with me.
Bruce opened the doors to their lab. “Where’s your proof?” Tony looked up, confused. “You were there, Tony. SHIELD went down, people we trusted that turned out to be HYDRA. It seems as if HYDRA saved his life… Maybe, he changed the side… He wouldn’t be the first.”
Lady Gaga - Born this way
Tony’s sleep schedule was extremely odd. Yes, he had been tired like hell, more exhausted than anything else and he still was, no doubt there. But yet, in the last fifteen minutes he had been staring at the ceiling. It felt like hours to him, but the time just didn’t want to pass.
He remembered being pushed out of the door when her heart had just stopped beating. They tried to bring her back, while he was just walking up and down the floor. He could still hear their seemingly useless tries. Five times, he had heard the defibrillator five times. This had been another stage of heartbreak he never wished to feel again, he did, though.
"You were loved.
"I've never seen you like that," he opens with.
Part of him hopes Steve will always be this
"Yeah, I know." Bucky grins. "Don't worry, that's for you and you alone."
Bucky rolls his eyes. "Yeah well, ever thought about the part he doesn't tell you? About that tiny detail of how you and I are not the same person and that he loves us for different reasons and needs different things from us?"
what Bucky had expected and he stiffens slightly. But so does his cock. "Your turn?"
broke the Accords. So please, get off of your high horse of self-righteousness." Quietly, and a bit self-deprecatingly, he adds. "That's mine."
"Why wouldn't I be? You're quite the catch," Steve says with a soft smile.
Tony is eating it right up. "I'm a Stark. I deal with assholes like you
?" His voice is low and dangerous, and it's clear he knows he's all but literally asking for this.
Steve shakes his head. "Why are you so sure he'll ever return my feelings and become a problem?"
"Brothers in arms, yeah, save it. I don't need to hear it."
Steve is unable to look at her but he shakes his head. "Bucky is... I mean, we're not but... I can't..." He can't bring himself to say it.
Bucky is quiet, the night still lingering on his mind. But he's making coffee and the air around him doesn't seem to be as dark and heavy.
Steve squints. "Of course I will, and of course he's not, but I think I still don't get it. What do you mean by 'be with him'?"
Steve sighs deeply and turns his attention back to Bucky, having watched Tony leave. "I'm so lost," he says, looking a little helpless.
"Another widespread cultural effect of Stark Industries, no doubt," he comments, subtly both disappointed and relieved by Cap's answer. He turns back to his work. "So, you're fine with all of it? The parades, marriage, gays in the military, public displays of affection, same sex parents and adoption, all that?"
"Oh, no, I'm definitely as badass as everyone thinks I am," he grins as he watches Steve put the coffee together.
Bucky snarls angrily and Steve can't help but flinch a little, knowing exactly what's going to happen.
His brain seems to short circuit a little as he first latches onto Steve, but then Bucky joins so he latches onto Bucky, but then notices Steve again. When he has that helpless, confused look on his face, Steve pushes up tight behind him and holds him, making it so Tony doesn't have to make a choice. They’ve both got him.
Tony stares like he's trying to make sure he actually heard what he thought he heard and finally answers, "Yeah. Yeah, it is." But still he won't let himself believe that's where Steve is going with this.
"Well Tony liked it just as much as you did, so if that's what makes someone broken, then he must be, right?" Steve is definitely leading to proving a point.
" He winces, nearly growls, and grits his teeth. Being spread that much, dry, is almost too much.
Steve blushes ever so slightly. "It's not like I even know how to do that. I don't exactly have a lot of experience when it comes to those things." Quickly, he adds. "Plus, I really haven't met anyone I wanted to have a date with."
"Jesus..." Steve shakes his head. "I'm... I'm sorry you got dragged into this like that, I..." He stares at his book for a second and then looks back at Nat before he closes it and gets up. "You're right. Where is he?"
Steve feels like someone set his skin on fire. In a good way. And it shows in the roughness of his voice. "Yeah, it's fine. And dancing sounds nice. Some day." The idea of swing brings back memories of Bucky once more.
an answer to until he accidentally came up with it, and not knowing if Steve shares his bed with another man is starting to get under his skin to a level that surprises him. He follows into the kitchen. "Sure, yeah, coffee would be great. But, um, seriously though. How's your room? Have everything you need?"
"Hey." Tony turns to face him right away, and it's the calmest he's sounded towards Steve since before this whole mess started. "What's up?"
is all that crosses his mind.
An even longer pause.
"I'm not exactly relationship material, to be honest. But yeah, it's true. You're the only one I've always wanted. You're the only memory they couldn't ruin. They buried it, but they never managed to break it. You're my anchor, Steve. My everything." Bucky brushes a strand of hair from Steve's forehead.
"Who?" Steve looks up, almost hopeful.
are the reason we had to run. And don't even get me started on the fact that we
. "Wait... What? I get how you could want what I have, why you would want to be everything for him, because that's exactly how I feel. But why would you envy Steve?"
Nodding, Steve swallows once more and clears his throat. "You're... incredibly sexy. Both of you. And together..."
He sighs, trying to get ahold of himself, but not displaying any annoyance. He pulls away and takes a step or two back.
"Yeah, so what?" Bucky shrugs and rolls his eyes. "Is that really that surprising?"
," it's a lot more genuine this time, his eyes fixed on Steve as he speaks.
"Shut you up." Bucky's metal hand comes around Tony's throat and he chokes him while also holding him up and against the wall. "I still don't know what your fucking problem is, but slowly, I don't give a fuck anymore."
"Worried? Mmm, maybe," he says with a grin and a lick of his lips.
Steve's face twists into an ugly snarl and he finally sinks low enough to do something he's never done before. Playing dirty. Leaning in close enough Tony can feel his hot breath on his neck, Steve whispers. "Oh, I think you misunderstood something along the way. If anything, Bucky is going to
"Everything?" That's hard to believe. "So when I told you to hold him down while he was struggling to breathe around my cock..."
love Pepper?" He's a little confused.
"Oh." Steve blinks, trying to process that. "So if she wanted you back and I did..."
Shuddering, Steve lets out a quiet, low moan. "Tony..."
"... And I've been the only thing standing in the way since your reunion. Fuck, that's some mixed emotions right there..."
He clears his throat, even though Tony can't hear him. Yet.
"Does that mean you want me to stop?" He moves to the other side, giving the same attention again.
Steve chuckles softly. "Tony, male affection was completely normal and natural back then. Just like it is between women now."
"Can you love more than one person? Because what I'm feeling for you is definitely more than friendship. It's just not what I feel for Bucky, either."
That catches him entirely off guard and his voice softens too. "What do you mean
He stares and blinks a few times. "F-... fantasizing?
, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God," he repeats, voice barely present as he takes Bucky's entire length. Instinctively, he pulls against Steve's grip, who continues to hold him down tight.
"Even if I'm also with Bucky?" It's not like everybody doesn't know that's been happening but he has to make sure.
Tony still looks at Bucky like he's won, even as his hands come up to grip the hand wrapped around his throat.
His legs are shaky, his brain is still elsewhere--nowhere, really--and before they even get out of the work room, Steve picks his smaller boyfriend up to take him to his room. Tony has the nicest room in the building, naturally, so they end up in there. When Tony is set down he relaxes into the mattress and simply looks up at the other men, thoughts not totally forming again yet.
"Yeah. And I didn't go out with Peggy because she's female but because she was herself. Just as I'm not going out with you because you're male. "
Buck swallows, a question immediately invading his mind and before he can stop his mouth, he's asking. "So... you've never been fucked?"
He gives a thoughtful little hum of a noise and leans back against the counter, propping his elbows on it. "Huh." He shrugs, "Yeah, I know that feeling."
But even if he fools himself, it doesn't take long for Steve to find him. Because yes, Bucky is back, things have changed and are still changing but his relationship with Tony is way too special to just... dissolve into nothing.
Those tears. Even though they're not flowing, Steve can see and feel them and they're breaking his heart. His own throat is going tight and his voice goes weak. "I didn't even know you loved me and that we were a couple until you screamed it at me."
He smirks. "Yeah, you could. And by all means, if you wanna prove that I'm the only one here who
"Oh good lord," Tony says with a sigh and a roll of his eyes, although not-so-deep-down he's definitely liking the view. "Get up. You're embarrassing both of us."
His breath becomes unsteady for half a second, Steve's skin against his own sending sparks through him. With a crooked smile he glances to the other man, then pushes a button to start the car, and they're off.
"You can't figure it out if you never do it," he says plainly.
Tony feels just the slightest inclined to argue with Bucky to
Tony just looks extremely smug, beyond proud, and even though he feels like he's won, he can't help but kick Bucky when he's down. "Oh, so you have caught onto that? Well, that's a relief, you're not as stupid as I thought you were. I'd been pegging your intellect somewhere around 'gifted gorilla' level but I think you may have just graduated to dolphin. Bravo."
Steve laughs at that and moves closer. "I feel like I've proven myself not to be
The beauty, love and affection in those words take Steve's breath away for a moment but he manages to focus again. "How can you feel that way about me but somehow doubt you'd be just as capable of giving and receiving love?"
"With him? No. I just found him again, I'm just glad he's part of my life. I'm not going to bother him with my intimate wishes." Plus, there's no way that would work, right?
Steve whines, wrapping his arms around Tony and clinging to him. He's starting to feel too overwhelmed but in all the right ways.
"I'm not comfortable with this," Steve states quietly. "I wanna remember this as a nice date and not as the day when I was an accessory to you outing yourself. Please drive back."
It still feels good to get under Tony's skin and he bites back a grin. Somewhat. "About you not going anywhere."
But while Steve has always been a truly good man and Bucky a lot more of a bad boy, he can't help but be the voice of reason for his brother. "Steve, that's incredibly sweet but what if he realizes he can't?"
"Wh-what is an appropriate level of affection?" Steve asks, not sure if he should be expecting a trap with Tony's sense of humor or not.
"What?!" Bucky barks aggressively. "What did I do now, Stark?"
He smiles and shrugs. "Loving someone means taking care of the people they care about, and since you're both wanted men, you both need a safe house."
It's been several months since... they broke up. Because that's what they did, right? Steve still isn't sure. He feels like they had never talked about their relationship status enough for him to be sure they had even officially had one. Although he feels like it, because that would explain the pain in his chest every time he even thinks about Tony.
"Buck," he grins bashfully. "You're gonna think it's weird." But he's still leaning up to brush his lips over his best friend's.
Bucky is already leaving the hidden building, getting outside to breathe some evening air. His blood is boiling and he knows only part of that is anger at what's going on. Most of it is just his inability to deal with emotions these days.
"What? No, that's not what I meant. I meant because I got his genes." He didn’t, but he likes the joke. "I don't resent that anymore, I hope you know that."
He laughs and grins and shrugs. "It's not me! I swear, we're programmed for it these days or something. I can guarantee that's exactly what Nat would think of, too."
"Did you have fun? I mean, it sure as hell looked and sounded like it but..." Bucky closes his eyes.
His face closes off immediately. "I tried. And I failed, big time."
"Really together? Because for all I know, Tony could walk in here tomorrow and say he can't handle it."
like that's coming from a place of altruism, but deep down, it's definitely a survival reflex. Bucky is Steve's favorite, so keeping Steve happy and loving him means keeping Bucky happy.
Rolling his eyes, Steve shakes his head. "I'm not in a relationship with anyone. Sexual or otherwise. And I was referring to your general information gathering. It's disturbing but apparently something everyone in this century seems to have accepted as natural."
"Well, I'm not." Trying to shake the blush from his cheeks, Steve quickly moves his head and focuses back on cooking.
"I love you, too. Now can we go to our room, now? I wanna do things that aren't appropriate for right here no matter who's around."
"I- I started this? No, no, no, I was
"She said she's fine. You tried to sleep with her," Steve says as non-judgemental as he can.
Tony smiles in kind. "Yeah... yeah, I suppose you would." A small pause. "I'm really glad we can be here together, tonight. I'm grateful I had the chance to meet you like this."
"No," Steve shakes his head. "This is my life, my relationships, my partner, my problem. I'm taking care of him."
"Yes, God yes, every second. It was amazing, Buck. You were so gorgeous."
"Thank you." He blushes ever so slightly but then beams at the flowers. "Oh my God, they're beautiful!"
at giving it to him hard, like he's apparently such a slut for."
"You haven't lost me." Steve reaches out, desperate for Tony to understand. "I'm still right here. We're still more than friends. After everything we've been through..."
"All or nothing, basically. I don't think giving me a taste and then telling me I can never have it again will go very well." Especially because he's been craving that general kind of closeness for decades now.
for him," Tony insists sharply, walls coming back up. "We were just...
He feels guilty. Guilty in regards to Tony but also because they lost so much time. Time they could have spent together. Without another word, Bucky gets up and scoops up Steve into his arms, carrying him to his bedroom. "My Captain."
," he says as he storms out. And sure, it's not the most clever or cutting thing to say, but it's all he's got right now.
Steve can't help but chuckle at Tony's inability to shut up. Bucky does the same but for some reason it's a much more unnerving sound, coming from him.
"I don't mind taking care of people, and God would I be in a way worse place if I minded when people tried to fuck me, so don't worry about me. He's sleeping, in his bed, and he'll probably be harder to wake than the dead until the alcohol's worked through him. You should figure out what you're going to say, or do, or both."
That... does not answer the question he didn't know he
That's surprising and Steve turns his head. "Never? Then... I mean, why me?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I definitely am," he looks back to Steve briefly. "I'm sorry if that's weird for you."
, not me."
man you love," Bucky chuffs out dryly. "Fair enough. I still don't understand what I'm supposed to say or do here."
Once again, Bucky arches an eyebrow. "You really wanna know that?"
there. I've got Clint, but he’s got his family and I still want... the other pieces. If Bucky doesn't want to give you the things Tony does, then you can have both.  And if that's something you want, you gotta let Tony decide what's fair to him, that part of it isn't really your call."
"I'm starting to understand but it feels like it's too late now," Steve says with a frustrated huff. "I'm going to look after him and then... I don't know, I'll probably see."
The closeness is nice, as much as it makes him nervous. "N-no, I only watched others dance."
"Yeah, let’s. Should I keep my hands to myself while we're in public, or is an appropriate level of affection alright?"
"That's more like it." Bucky grins fully now. This is the Tony he can handle, the one he's used to, the one he knows how to deal with. "Don't worry, everything that's left is all me. Just the way I've always been. Kinda makes you wonder what he has to think of you if he still picked me over his boyfriend."
The heartbreak, the want, the need for love and affection is threatening to tear him apart, but he's a master of convincing himself that he's impervious to anything he simply doesn't think about. It's been a week and Tony's barely slept 24 hours. He's pouring himself into some project that doesn't need doing, upgrading some room no one even intends to use, and most importantly, making sure he's out of the way enough that no one drops by on him.
"Sounds like you missed me almost as much as I missed you," he says with a grin, and then slowly he starts trailing kisses downward again. He withdraws his hand and takes Steve's waistband in both hands to tug down his jeans and boxers as he moves south.
Sergeant," Bucky reassures them both. "I'll follow you to the end of the line for the rest of our lives."
Tony's attention darts over to the movement on one of his monitors and he rolls his eyes.
"Hey."
Spitting onto Tony's exposed hole and his human fingers, Bucky keeps him pinned with his metal hand and then roughly shoves two digits into him at once. His eyes are locked onto Steve though.
. Crookedly, he smiles at Steve and mouths 'take care' before he leaves. And really, he means take care of both of them.
"Did you see how hard he was?" Steve asks excitedly. "I've never seen that much precome before. It was incredible."
The natural order they'd found with each other so many months ago reasserts itself like it's only been a day. Tony surrenders to Steve's care, lets the other man love him enough for the both of them, and when he finally pulls back he feels like an entirely different person. "I really hate you sometimes," he says, breathless, full of affection, and with a small laugh.
"If you already know, don't make me say it," he looks away, shy.
Steve doesn't step back but he doesn't reach out to touch Tony either. "So you don't wanna try my amazing carbonara sauce?" he teases softly.
With the way his face closes off, it seems like that hurt him pretty deep. "So you can just drop it that easily, huh? Just go back to how everything was a week later, like it never even happened. That's... that's good to know, Steve. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm burning daylight here and I should get back to it."
There's actually a hint of a blush on Bucky's cheeks and he pulls away quickly, turning around to get to his empty coffee mug again. "You look really fucking good when you break okay? Forget that I said anything."
"I love you, too, Cap. I really just wanna stay right here and kiss you everywhere," he leans in, trailing a few kisses over Steve's neck as he speaks, "Especially the places that drive you crazy. But I should really wait. You want me to bring Barnes in, or talk to him on my own?"
Growling warmly, Bucky just unzips his fly with his free hand and pulls out his cock. He then forces one of Tony's hands around it. The second he knows Iron Man can't shit talk his dick size anymore, he kisses him. Aggressively.
Steve flinches slightly. "What... what did you say?"
"Steve," he whispers between kisses, grip becoming tighter. His hips push against the other man's without thought as Tony falls deeper into the intimacy.
But there's no way Bucky or Steve would let him leave like that. They both reach out immediately, Buck being a little faster because he's closer. "Don't."
Grinning, Bucky flashes his dark eyes back at the captain and then at Tony. "Oh, so you're a little painslut, huh?"
Bucky doesn't bother replying, he just leans in and connects his lips with Tony's. It's a completely different kiss from what had happened between Steve and Tony earlier. This one is claiming and much more raw but in no way less passionate or heavy with emotion.
Steve turns over and wraps around Bucky. "He said he's fine. And, yeah, that might change but for now..."
"If not, we'll just have to try and find some again," Steve says with a boyish grin.
face the fact that it's over or you don't. But then you have some fucking work to do, man. If it's not over, then you have to talk to
He just scoffs and nods. "It's my pleasure." Steve turns around and leaves, slamming the door behind himself.
He narrows his eyes. "We'll see about
Steve steps closer and places his hand on Bucky's shoulder. "Let him go. This is not the way to solve this."
"You're two seconds away from fucking the guy who killed my parents, how the hell would we still be boyfriends?" Tony snaps.
"Never said I didn't," Steve mutters quietly and grabs his book to see after Tony.
He damn-near screams as teeth sink into his neck and he's completely lost, unthinking, giving in entirely and barely standing under his own strength. With the attention to his nipples, it's overwhelming, and he drops deep into subspace only moments before he cries out and tenses and spills all over his work table, entirely untouched.
Seeing Bucky, his eyes fix on him and Tony can feel the hatred beginning to boil underneath. It's not subtle to anyone paying any attention. He keeps watching Bucky as he addresses Steve. "Think we can talk, Cap?
He nods and turns his head only for a moment. "That's nice."
"I'm pretty good with a grill. We should have a barbecue some time," Steve suggests and cuts up the prosciutto. "I bet everyone on the team would enjoy some old fashioned American meat."
A sad smile crosses Steve's features. "Trust me, I know that feeling."
That's probably as much honesty as he's ever going to get from Tony fucking Stark and it tightens Bucky's throat to hear it like that. "He needs you. He needs you for all the things I can't give him." Absently, he adjusts Tony's t-shirt and collar.
Tony coughs and tries to breathe, the wind knocked out of him, but he's nowhere near ready to surrender. "Yeah, that's it, Barnes. Why don't you keep showing me how he likes it so I can take care of him properly next time you go all Winter Soldier."
about it?"
Steve grins crookedly at the camera.
"You'll probably find you have a bit more strength and finer control over just how much of it you use, plus a small upgrade in fine motor skills. Guess you'll be even
"It's none of my business who people love, Tony. It's nobody's business what other people do. Of course I'm okay with it, what kind of despicable hypocrite would I be if I was fighting for freedom but unable to respect other people's?" Steve explains softly but firmly. "What irritates me pretty much constantly is the fact that you seem to think any sort of personal information is your business."
Steve opens his mouth to tell Tony that he's actually waited too long and that his soul mate is far gone. But he doesn't want to kill the mood so he just shrugs. "What do you mean? Live my life?"
a little nervous about today, about the first time the three of them will be spending time together, but that doesn't dampen how good it feels to see his boyfriend.
Bucky leans in close, whispering into Steve's ear. "Even if that means you'll have to watch him being miserable again?"
"Forget it, I'm not going to give you something else to feed your delusion that you're better than me. I'm sure you already get enough of that from Steve when he's on his knees."
Tony breathes a small sigh of relief and nods. "Thank you."
Bucky, on the other hand, is just getting started. "Hurt you more?" He growls and bites down on Tony's neck once more, definitely bruising this time. "Oh you have no idea how much I wanna hurt you, Stark."
He smiles again and breathes deep. "You're supposed to think about how you would feel if someone talked about me the way you talk about you. And stop making how much I love you conflict with how much I wanna deck the guy who says mean things about you."
"I know that," Steve says with a scolding frown. "But I would like to kiss first before moving to grinding and licking and biting other parts of my body than my mouth. I wanna be able to kiss the way I want to kiss before I move on to the next... level?"
Tony smiles back, definitely flattered, and leads Steve out. He waits for the other man to lock his door, because he'd insisted on having mechanical locks installed for some reason, and then escorts him downstairs. He opens the passenger side door of his car and closes it once Steve is safely inside, then goes around to get in the driver's seat.
"That seems like the perfect way to bring it up," he says honestly. He clears his throat and tugs at his pant leg a little. "I guess... I guess he might not be so into the fucked up stuff. Admittedly, my efforts have maybe been too subtle for him to notice, but I'm starting to doubt he's got it in him."
Bucky arches an eyebrow, almost surprised at Tony giving it to him. But yeah, he sounds nothing like Steve and he files begging away as something that doesn't work with everyone.
"If it were the only way you'd go down for me..." Bucky shrugs.
Buck arches an eyebrow and looks back over his shoulder. "What happened to wanting me dead because I killed your parents and ruined everything?"
The silence definitely makes Steve nervous but he keeps telling himself that being honest is always the right way to handle things.
"Oh, right." Steve laughs nervously and rubs the back of his neck. "Sorry, I don't really know anything about dating."
"I mean it's my default, old habits, shit I've been trying really hard to break but I guess I'm not there yet. My life was a wreck, Steve. I lived with constant guilt about what my company produced, never showed an ounce of it, of course. I never grieved my parents, I had more money than anyone should ever have when they're that young... and dealing with it, keeping it all down, meant a lot of alcohol and a different woman every night."
Arching an eyebrow, Steve wonders what's going on but answers truthfully. "I don't know. Why are you asking?"
, Barnes."
He takes a deep breath, another moment to consider, and then he nods slowly. "If you're sure, I mean completely, absolutely sure... then I'll talk to him about it."
. There's only so much cynicism it will take before you turn that tragedy into nothing but an emotional weapon for your disgusting jokes. There's only so many times you can use it."
"Are we?" Steve grins and almost challengingly raises an eyebrow.
Tony breathes deep and lets it out slowly. "Yeah. Friends are good. Never realized I needed 'em til' I had 'em." And it's one of the more sincere things Steve's ever heard him say. "But you don't feel the need for a romantic or physical connection with someone? I've never heard of you having a date."
"Every right to break your heart? I'm not stupid Steve, I'm also not blind. You guys love each other."
ever..." His eyes are dark.
Bucky slowly, almost reluctantly, lets go of Tony. "No, I don't mean to intrude. He's still
"Huh? Why?" Of course, Steve doesn't get it.
"I don't know, do you want to be with me where everyone can see you?" Bucky snaps back and just shakes his head as he leaves the room.
"Oh, yeah,
Steve sucks his lip and shakes his head. "Never."
"I feel like an absolute... asshole," Steve admits quietly. "I'm so sorry."
want to hurt me, I'll let you. Everyone else can go fuck themselves."
Steve blushes fiercely but shakes his head. "I... I didn't know how to ask but I've been fantasising about you and him together quite a bit."
That gives him a flicker of hope that he stamps out as soon as it comes. "But that's what you want, that's who you want, not me. And, you know, I knew it before, and I was okay with it. I knew you were settling for me because that's all you had left, settling for someone, but now you've got more and what we had isn't enough. It's never gonna be enough, even if you and Bucky never... you'll just be thinking of him. You won't be able to settle for me again."
"You said for practice." Steve steps closer, hoping Tony will look at him properly. "What were you asking?"
Bucky chuckles. "Mhm, you keep telling yourself that, that I was on the top of my game when you smacked me down." His thumbs stroke over Tony's hip bones. "But let's entertain the thought, shall we? That maybe, just maybe, I win. Do you want to know what I would do, Stark?"
Their talk had all been friendly, sometimes a bit personal in a good way, but the more he’s indulging himself the more he wants, so he changes the subject slightly. "So, what is it that makes you not sure if you're bi?"
"I don't want to be in the way, and I won't be, if I can help it. Steve deserves everything we can both give him. So... come back inside with me and help me get over myself?"
Tony is twelve, apparently, because he can't help but snicker. "Yeah, you should, uh, you should say exactly that when you propose it to the team."
"Jesus Tony, and you're telling me that now?" Steve tenses slightly. "We haven't even started dating." Instinctively, he pulls his hand away.
Bucky is definitely surprised but then he notices Steve's reflection in the metal wall paneling Tony is standing against. "I'm not small at all, Stark. I mean, you've seen Steve, right? I'm even bigger."
"What if you're wrong? What if he's straight. Or only loves me like a brother?" He shakes his head. "Me wanting something is not worth risking what I already have with him."
Gently but determinedly, Bucky fists his hand into the hair at the back of Steve's neck and pulls him around. When their lips meet, it feels like the world just stops turning and everything makes so much sense now. "Fuck," he curses, the taste of his soulmate making him forget anyone else he's ever kissed. "I love you, Steve. I've loved you all my life."
date."
It takes a little bit longer to climax for Bucky but after slamming into Tony two dozen more times, he grunts and roars out his orgasm as well.
"I will. No matter what happens, I will."
, so he tries to think of something else, but now that's all he can think of so after a moment he just comes out with it. "I wanna immobilize you with Vibranium. Ankles, wrists, mouth. And I want to let every still-living innocent person that you've hurt do anything and everything they want to you while you're bound and helpless and have no choice but to just take it. I wanna watch you go from hating it to giving in and letting it cleanse you of all the guilt you must be harboring deep down. And when everyone else is finished, that's when I get my turn."
"I know. It's weird. Well... maybe not when you put it in the context of magic powers and aliens invading from outer space... but still, it's weird to be in love with more than one person, I know it's just not something that happens, but..." Steve trails off and shrugs.
"Take me or leave me," Steve just shoots back with a smug grin.
"Please," it sounds almost like he's begging. "For like, the rest of the morning. I don't want to do anything but kiss you."
"The fact that you're my friend is the reason I answered. I trust you to respect my privacy. Most of the time." Steve smirks a little, thinking about all the cameras he found in his apartment and how he threw them in Tony's face. "But if you're offering, are you fine with all of it?"
Nat sighs deeply and nods. "If it were me, I'd sleep with him one last time. But for you? I'm kinda at a loss."
"No, no, I know. I know we haven't. But you're a good guy. I like you a lot, even without this context, and you're not... you're never." He rubs his face and sighs. "You're someone I can be proud to be seen with. I'm not great at picking those, historically speaking."
"I'm sorry he wasted so much precious time with you to look for me," Steve says quietly.
"Yeah, sure." Last time Steve was in this room, it was empty, but it's now furnished with a few chairs, a table, and it looks like a half-finished desk over by the work bench. Tony takes a seat and gestures for Steve to as well.
Steve frowns softly, not dropping his own smile though. "Are you okay? Did anything happen?"
That makes him grin, and he goes for it again, more firmly this time. "That's not a complaint, is it?"
His breath catches in his throat at the feeling, and fuck, he wonders if anyone who isn't a super soldier can take that. He's still not getting what he really wants, though, so he just scoffs. "Are you really so insecure you just keep a cucumber stuffed in there at all times? Jesus, Bucky, I think you need therapy as bad as I do."
"No, not really," Bucky says with a snort. "But I'll handle it."
He focuses on Steve's face again and he can hardly believe any of this is happening. "Tell me you want it, Steve, please. Tell me you want him to do this to me."
He lets out a moan like a wounded animal and grits his teeth. "Hell yes."
Once again, Steve knocks against the door frame and then clears his throat. "Hey. It's me."
He draws his hands back over Steve's shoulders, pressing them to his chest, one over his heart. His gaze turns soft, equally loving. "Self-deprecation isn't a good look on you, Rogers. Plus, that's sorta my thing. Just... just shut up and love me, okay?"
Once they're inside he closes the door and gestures for Steve to get in bed first. His expression is cocky and there's definitely a plan brewing behind his eyes.
Steve is currently playing chess with Bucky, one of their favorite pass-time activities. When Tony enters the room, they both look up and while Steve's face lights up, Bucky's eyes darken.
? I mean mission fucking accomplished, but what is your
"Hey," he says with warmth, looking Steve over and not hiding it for once. "You look great."
The oil can't possibly be good for him, but it's hitting one of his most hidden kinks really hard and he's swiftly losing his ability to care about anything beyond this moment and the ones very soon to come. He looks up to Steve, eyes loving but also starting to kind of glaze over as he gets lost in what's being done to him. His voice is quiet, a little distant, but
I watched and helped you do to Tony. Guess I might already be ruined, if you really think I can be."
"That's a pretty good start," Steve says with a smile and bites into his first macaron. The taste explodes on his tongue and he moans, eyes fluttering shut.
Steve praises Tony though, smiling softly. "That's it."
He gasps as Bucky shoves back into him so abruptly and he pulls against Steve again. "Fuck me! Fuck me, fucking
"I guess I didn't expect everything between us to just... vanish. Because we're not lovers anymore we also can't be friends?" Steve's helpless puppy dog eyes search Tony's face.
Steve moans, blushing even more at the arousal he can feel pulsing through his body from what they're doing. "F-feels good."
"So I'm not
"He's pretty excited." Tony steps closer as he speaks. "About what he walked in on. About what I want. I mean I didn't go into details, I guess I don't have details to go into, but... that I want to see how it goes, all three of us touching each other like that."
“You said tonight, but the night is nearly over, so… I wanna hear you say it, just this once…“
“I’m serious Tony, can you please explain it? This is no joke... I want to understand, so I can help.”
Late at night, they all said their good-byes. Rhodey was the last to go, and he held Tony for a while in an embrace. He had to leave tomorrow, back to Iran and it seemed to break both friends. Rhodey had Steve promise to look after his brother and he would, as best as he could. Still, Rhodey would probably prefer to stay himself, and Tony surely would feel a lot safer with him around.
“We’ll come back to that. Why did you enroll?”
“Yep. Rhodey told his general who let Rhodey pick out the guys he wanted for that mission. They were thirty or something. The soldiers that got away from the attack on the convoy were sworn to silence. But that’s why Rhodey is so pissed at me. He saved me, and I’m throwing his gift away.”
“Yeah, that’s another way in calling at.”
“Yes and no. He doesn’t want to show weakness, especially not if Stane is around but at the same time, he needs his dad, more than he wants to. And Howard needs Tony. It’s good he’s here, for both of them.” Pepper reasoned.
Steve pulled Tony against his chest. “I know you’re trying, you’re doing enough, honey. Don’t worry. Everything will turn out just fine, and if not it’s not at all your fault. It’s HYDRAs and only theirs.”
“Thanks. I don’t need any more details. Anyways, it’s for free.” He closed his now finished bag and looked back to his friend. “But most importantly, I like Tony. I really do. He needs a friend, and although he’s got some great ones, they don’t have time right now. He’s afraid, I try to support him, no one should be alone for this.”
OneRepublic - Counting Stars
Steve nodded before he realized that the other man couldn’t see it. “Yeah, no, I won’t say anything. See you soon, Rhodes.” He ended the call and took a long deep breath, now he needed to talk to that stubborn kid in the other room.
Bucky grabbed Tony’s shoulder. “Thank you, buddy. But I’m sure I won’t ever need that guy. You’re my man. And I can wait if you need some time after the operation. Nobody will touch it, expect you.”
“Although we’re better to you Tony, we bought burgers.” Nat claimed.
“Why do you care?” He asked. He really only wanted her to go and leave him alone. Tony was exhausted by his lack of sleep and her presence. “You’re my friend. You will always be my friend.”
Tony cracked a smile. “Why did you come?”
“I know it's weird, sometimes I don’t even realize I’m crying. I usually cry while sleeping, I wake up to a wet pillow and hurting eyes... I understand if that freaks you out.” Steve shook his head, but Tony couldn’t see it.
He had cried even more when they told him, he was going to survive. It was relief, mostly, but honestly Steve hadn’t believed for a second, he would make it. He had pictured himself on Bucky’s funeral, trying to stay strong for his mom and siblings.
“We…” Steve started but had no idea what he wanted to say. Finally, he turned to look at Tony. Surprisingly, the billionaire did look back at him, forcing a smile on his face, while tears ran down his cheeks.
But in the end it doesn't even matter'
“Ouch, I’m happy you can’t take your angry monologue out on me right now.”
Now it was Tony that sighed. “I get your point, stop it. The Tower is my baby. I’m not giving it up any time soon.”
But you're somebody else
“Take my bag there, there are keys on it. It’s in the first parking spot there is, I think you walked past it when you were there, it’s an Audi, can’t miss it.”
“Sunday, Tony is out of the hospital by then, right?” Clint asked him and Steve nodded. “It’s our last game of the season. Tony usually doesn’t miss a single game, except for when he’s in life treating condition or kidnapped… he missed a few this year, so you should show up with him.”
“Do you think, I should come back later?”
After the first talk with the ONU, Wakanda had been generous enough to help out with technology, South Korea sent two doctors and Tony himself built a security system. That had been the deal. They would test if Bucky was actually back in his own mind and after that he wouldn’t try him as long as he wore an ankle tag. He wasn’t allowed in any political related building, not near schools or companies that hadn’t allowed his entrance beforehand and a few other restrictions.
Plus, Tony totally did not keep up with anything that was against his will. He was Tony Stark, why should he care what people thought, why give a fuck about what they talked and mostly he didn’t give a damn about what Captain America said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“On your left.” He whispered before closing his eyes again. Tony would surely be there when he wakes up again.
“I did. Because of you. He’s your friend and he saved you. So, there still is some of your Bucky in him, I couldn’t kill him. I wanted, desperately. Honestly, it would have been so easy, he didn't even try to escape, which made it only more difficult to pull the trigger. But mostly, it was you. I heard you take a breath and I let him go. You’re more important than revenge… For now, I’m happy to do that, but I need time to get over it. I hope you're not angry.”
“If he usually shows up at every game why wouldn’t he this time? Even if I would consider it as a little too soon, but well. I’m a mother hen, right?”
“I mean, that must have been a shook finding out that Captain America stole your boyfriend.” Sam laughed.
“I said out.” Now he was talking with a silent but firm voice. Steve had backed down the last time he saw Stane, for Tony but also to not make a wrong impression on Howard Stark. The father was unconscious at the moment, and the son needed his protection, so Steve stood up and easily ranked over the man.
Steve nodded once. “I’m sure Natasha and Clint will find something and, in the meantime, Sam can try to get everything out of Bucky he can possibly remember.”
He just finished the outlines of Ty’s face, when he saw movement on his left side. He turned around to see Tony slowly opening his eyes, bewilderedly looking around the room.
“I hate him.” He said. Steve didn’t ask who he meant. “I hate them.” He corrected himself.
“Suits you better than me…” Tony whispered with a little grin on his lips.
“Which didn’t surprise you, since you gave her the instruction to give me the infusion.” The doctor only smiled down to him, without further comment.
“Now.” When he heard that word, Tony turned around in an instant.
Steve stared at her for a moment. “People are making bets on his death?” He asked disgusted by the society in general.
Someone is up there lookin' out for you.
Tony let his head wander for a while, maybe he would fall asleep while writing an update for the new StarkPhone in his head. Time passed from 2:28 to 3:16 and he couldn’t bear it anymore.
Pepper gasped. “Eeeh.” Tony smiled a little into Steve’s direction, that was clearly the first time the billionaire saw Pepper without words. “Since when?” Was the only thing that came out of her mouth, after she had calmed down a little, well enough to find her voice that was trembling.
“Sir likes New Yorker pizza. But I think it would be more beneficial to order fruits, vegetables… I’m sure he would be pleased by a smoothie.”
“They’re fantastic together, I mean, I mostly know her through video calls. When I last departed, they were still only in the dating phase but coming back and knowing someone’s having his back is soothing.”
Christina Perri - Human
“Yes.” He whispered. He was still crying, Steve could again feel the wetness on his shirt and he was still not a fan. He would never be, but it was good that the tears dropped on him and not into a lonely bed.
“Idiot.” Tony whispered, smiling a little more.
“What are you planning to do, Tony?” Steve asked concerned and grabbed his boyfriend’s arm. Since Tony invited Sam and Bucky into his penthouse, he got paler with every second. He ran around the kitchen, nervously looking for something that was clearly not there. “Honey, please… Wait a second and take a deep breath, then tell me what the hell you want to do.”
“You are really invested in Football.” Steve wondered, he really hadn’t taught it was such a big thing for the Stark, more like a little hobby to get his mind off of engineering from time to time.
Steve lips curled up a little, especially because Tony had decided to look back at him and the look in his eyes. He had seen it before, in Bucky… When a guy in a bar had made homophobic insults and even tried to attack him… His best friend had switched into killer mode within seconds and Tony’s eyes where just telling the same story.
Tony nodded to himself and got out of bed, let’s go and face his demon. “Tony?” Steve murmured into his pillow. “U good?”
Natasha chuckled. “Please, Steve.”
Tony’s eyes were still flickering. His beard was a disaster, as where his hair. He was shaking, sitting in fetal position, knees to his chest and the head on them. He hugged his legs. Steve had actually never seen any person in this state, and he had been in the war. It was disgusting and heartbreaking at the same time. He couldn’t believe that was actually Tony Stark.
Steve woke up, when he felt something laying on his shoulder. Like the good soldier he was, it took him barely a second to be fully awake. Through the city light, he could make out Tony standing in front of him. The light shined into the man’s face and Steve could see his wet cheeks and the general sad expression Tony wore. He looked like a child in that moment. A child that needed protection because earth was a bad place for such a soft soul.
Tony cleared his throat. “As fun as it is to fight with you… I’m not really alone right now.”
“I’m sorry Steve, but I can’t right now.” Bucky told him when he was saying his goodbyes to the team the next day. He had his bag with clothes in it, that Tony bought him, over his shoulder and was ready to go. “I appreciate what all of you did for me and when the right time comes I’m ready to pay off my debts, but for now… I need space Steve. I’ve been a prisoner all my life, let me enjoy it a little… And I need time to come to terms with what I did, okay?”
“Okay, why don’t you go to sit down on the couch? We could watch a movie or play video games, or chess? I will prep some dinner.”
He could only do better now, could he? He absolutely had to do better.
But Tony was rich and grew into a totally different class. He probably was an asshole like most of the rich people he had met. Plus, he wouldn’t even notice Steve, within a large group of people. He could have so much better.
“Told you, for free. Spend some time with me, don’t let me think too much of the operation. And you’re good.”
“But, I personally want to thank you for your understanding. At first, I was not sure if I should tell you, I thought maybe sparring you was better. But you’re a genius, you would find out eventually. I decided it was better you were told as fast as possible and from a teammate, a friend.” Tony nodded but Steve still did not let go.
Fit it out with crater cracks
“Yeah, he was one of the German scientists at the beginning of SHIELD. No wait, he was Swiss, I think. What about him?” For a moment Steve was confused, how Tony could know that the man was Swiss, when even he did not know that a day ago. Okay, he might have forgotten for a second, that he was talking to a genius. Tony had probably read it years ago in a paper and just didn’t forget it. Why the fuck was he even thinking about it? He should really get to his point.
“Hey Cap, good to see you.”
Tony chewed his gum a while before answering. “After New York, I needed a hobby… Still need it.”
Lastly, I'm still definitely planning on finishing it and it will take another turn in that direction right now.
“Do they understand what you say to them?” Steve asked curiously.
Steve knew that he just landed on Obadiah’s death list, if the man had something like that and frankly, Steve was pretty sure he had. He was probably already on the top ten. He could trust his gut and now it was telling him to not trust that guy and to keep an eye on him.
“Rhodey found him. I mean the whole mission was founded by Howard of course, but he saw James first. He told me the whole story, since Tony wouldn’t dare to.”
“I like this idea. Tony doesn’t like these guys anyway, so I would really appreciate it, although now, I owe you two favors, Captain.” He turned to the two guys and made them a sign to go, they didn’t move though until Obadiah nodded at them. Howard Stark couldn’t see that, which made Steve even more cautious about that guy.
Steve sighed. “Alright, you need medication. And I will make you a smoothie, anything light for your body… But wait you still drank coffee?”
“You can, you just don’t want to.” He gave Steve an up and down look. “Take it as a thank you for saving me, okay?”
Tony had been awfully quiet the rest of the day. He stayed alone in his workshop, but he wasn’t really working, that was at least Steve’s impression, when he brought him lunch down. He just sat in front of his laptop and was watching movies or photos.
Steve smiled again. That sounded good right? And surely operations now were a lot safer than sixteen years ago. Tony would live and when that was over he would ask him out on a date. Yep, he would do that.
Tony raised himself on tiptoes to reach Steve’s cheek and gave a light kiss on it. “I do.” He whispered. “But unfortunately, I know we have to go.”
“No! He’s not allowed!” Steve grabbed the fries and put them out of Tony’s sight. Steve was the sweetest, when their friends said they would come along with fast-food, Steve ordered the same as Tony, salad and a burger bread without anything. Tony hated and loved it at the same time. No, he clearly loved it, more than he would ever admit.
“Will you ever drop that?” She asked and sounded herself already annoyed by the presence of the billionaire.
Also, I finally brought some Tony being protective over Steve into the story.
'Wir werden frei sein
“Make a short version then.” Steve sighed and put his fork down.
The soldier smiled fondly. Tony was relaxed, his hand black as was his forehead and there was also a little grease on his cheek. What a cute human being. And even if he was probably ready to eat Steve up, the anger didn’t seem that convincing. It was only his self-defense showing up.
Tony really was gorgeous, not only for him but probably for half of the population, but it was Steve that saw him like this, sleeping, with swollen eyes, red face and still his perfect jawline with his goatee that had the little silver inside. He was perfect.
“You’re gonna tell me what James told you that made you so depressed?” Tony changed the subject while leading the way back upstairs.
“Might as well get a break, Steve wouldn’t let me work the whole day…” He murmured. “And we have to go back on speaking terms, right? Let her up.”
“Skip the talking Cap.” Tony laughed, well knowing they absolutely had to talk and that Steve wouldn’t change his mind if he had put his head into something. “Okay, I think I slept enough to pull off a conversation. Just not in the bed, and maybe some hot chocolate before?”
“Stupid.” Bruce contradicted. “Tony’s not doing good since Loki. This is another trauma. He shouldn’t have.”
“I was held in a cave… Just a couple of weeks before I had found out about my heart condition and that was probably why my Dad wanted me to come along, so he could keep an eye on me. He’s still blaming himself. But what was funny or rather weird, they didn’t want anything from me… No money, no weapons. It seems as if I was just there for their pleasuring.” He sighed and took a deep breath. “I really thought my Dad was death and that Obie took over the company and he believed I was dead too. Days past, weeks did. I tried to think about a way to come out. I had three plans, all failed… they still didn’t kill me. I knew they would, eventually but they seemed to be waiting for something.”
“You did, I mean we tried but you put that nuke in the hole, and without that we would all have died and Loki and his army would have taken over the world.”
“Man, I totally forgot Sam, I told him I would call him for the mission.” Steve realized. “But you said two visitors? Is Nat with him? I thought she was going to Europe for a while.”
“Are you going to die?” Steve asked right away, withholding his own tears. Why was he nearly crying? He didn’t know Tony. He was acting utterly ridiculously. Tony might think he was weird, saving him was one thing but showing up with gifts in the hospital and asking if he was going to die was another big jump forward.
“Liar.”
He even felt as if the walls came nearer and nearer. He had to get out of here and do what his soul needed. He needed explanation. There was no sleep until he understood the how’s and why’s.
“Nice to meet you, I’m sure there’s no introduction needed.” Sam rolled his eyes.
Bruce blinked a few times, clearly not following what Tony was implying, and surely, he didn’t understand for who the Hulk room was needed. “Did you put Cap into the safe room?!” He asked because that seemed to be the only solution. “Did you guys fight again? You need to get your shit together, so we can work as a team. We were lucky last time, but we won’t be every time.”
“And that is?” Bucky asked laughing.
He made a pause, but Steve had the feeling he should better not be saying anything, for now.
I wanted to say hello to anyone at all
“It was him. I saw footage. He smashed my father’s head. Sat him back on the car. He strangled my mom to death.” He sighed deeply. “There was a camera, he shot it after. I saw his face, clear as ice, Steve… I know Barnes face, it was him…”
“You are a Captain now, but you don’t really believe in what you do?” Tony asked right away. He clearly didn’t want to dig deeper into the story of Steve’s father or Bucky and Steve was grateful for this. On this moment, he couldn’t have said more.
Tony laughed out loud. “It’s just a saying Steve, I don’t think my heart will be caring me for that long. And you didn’t tell me how good I look in my Barton jersey.” He changed the topic.
“You can stay here, if you want.” Tony proposed than out of nowhere, probably to get them to talk about other things. “I mean, I’ve got spare rooms, with actual beds… it’s more comfortable than any couch could be. Stark promise, and for free of course, Bucky will be here a lot of time and well, you can do whatever you want, of course but at least you would have a bed to sleep in…” He rambled.
“I do. He is in his workshop. You know the direction, Captain.”
“Steve, we don’t…”
“What do you think?” Steve presented himself in front of Tony the next afternoon. The younger looked up from his coffee, and was stunned. If he hadn’t seen Steve in his military clothes before this sight, he would have bet that Steve looked best in a simple black suit. “Pepper sent it to me yesterday, and I’m not so sure about it.” The man continued sounding rather shy.
“Steve, you wanna go first?” Pepper asked him. “You waited for him the longest.”
It was still only around 8 o’clock when he was down in the kitchen, searching Tony’s cupboards for something edible. He just knew that Tony wouldn’t be such a great cook, and Steve wasn’t one himself.
“And hetero.” Sam added smiling.
“At least you’ve got great company.” Pepper smiled and nudged Steve in his side, the latter put on a shy smile into Tony’s direction.
Steve had wanted to help, and to be by his side. That’s why he tried to be annoyed, he failed miserably and at least then he should have known why he was always overwhelmed by his emotions when he was confronted with Tony. He didn’t, it took him another proof of the greatness of Tony Stark to realize.
Tony didn’t look up from his lecture. “I’m not.” He said calmly.
“Well, if you put it like that, everybody has a motive.”
“That was four years ago.”
“I’m just too happy, I can finally do everything I wanted to do for months. You know I really appreciate what you did.”
“No, Sam wouldn’t be able to fight against him. He’s here because he wants to, not because he’s forced.” Tony took some deep breaths, calming his body and his brain as much down as he could. “No one found him, ever and now he’s here? Sam didn’t go looking for him, without back-up. He came out of his own will, that shows he remembers at least a little and knows something is wrong.”
“I’m not in the closet.” Tony answered cryptically, since technically it wasn’t a no, but not a yes either.
Natasha shook her head. “No, he wasn’t wet. He told me your friend saved you.”
“I know you don’t want to, but I thought we could go to our date today and then tomorrow isn’t really the first one, and we would just be frie… acquaintances. Especially since Pepper wants me to play your bodyguards.” He grinned for a second.
“I think your weight right now is as much as I was before they made me part of a biological experiment.” That made Tony smile a little. Scrawny Steve had been ridiculously sweet and funny at the same time, He had seen enough photos for proof.
Tony looked up at him. He was curious but he furrowed his brow suspiciously about what Steve would tell him. “I think, I love you Tony, you don’t need to say anything, I just want you to know.” Steve dropped the bomb. “I won’t leave till you feel better and I will never force Bucky on you. I’m by your side Tony for however long you want me to. I won’t let you down.” Steve would face the truth right now, the truth about Tony's feelings for him. He would take whatever it was. Only right now he felt like dying.
