Big Green=Hulk
"Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another...We have a Hulk." Thanos looked to his right just as a green and very angry mass slammed into him. Loki dove for Thor, pulling both of them out of the way as the Tesseract skittered across the floor, and the Hulk charged at Thanos. He pummeled Thanos, forcing him backwards and shoving him into the wall of the ship. Maw stopped Black Dwarf from interfering.
"Look anything like that?" True to Rocket's word, the thingy looked exactly like the Infinity Gauntlet.
taught you to lie. That's why you're so bad at it." declared Thanos. "Where is the Soul Stone?" When Gamora refused to answer, he raised his gauntlet next to Gamora's face. Nebula shook her head, expression terrified, to encourage her sister's silence but when Gamora didn't answer, Thanos clenched the gauntlet again, brow furrowed at his adopted daughter as the Power and Space Stones got reactivated. Gamora grimaced in shared pain at her sister's screams, growing louder as Thanos increased the pressure.
"Get up." Proxima hissed.
So in the days after Lagos, the emergency plan they'd formed in case of another incident rolled into high gear the instant Tony, Maria and Pepper had started making phone calls. They had split into groups and had set up round the clock attendance, trying to keep the truce with the UN intact.
"Okay." Star-Lord agreed. They kissed, then they heard in a distance, "I am Groot!"
"I counted on it. There's something we need to discuss, little one." Thanos replied. Gamora hesitated for a beat, then reached for her broken sword. Thanos grabbed her by the back of the neck and swung her around in front of him.
Star-Lord was surprised. "That was quick."
"I like to think of myself more as a Titan-killing long-term booty call. Let her go." Star-Lord insisted. "Or I'm gonna blow that nut sack of a chin right off your face!"
"Home." Steve said.
November 1st, 2010
"Oops, sorry." said both Tony and Strange as they turned to the director, scratching the back of their heads. Leyenar smirked, and began a frenzied introduction of everybody to everybody.
"All right, Guardians. Don't forget, this might be dangerous, so let's put on our mean faces." said Star-Lord. Groot rolled his eyes as Mantis made a snarl. Groot's handheld Terran-vintage video game beeped. "Groot, put that thing away. Now. I don't wanna tell you again." The game continued beeping. "Groot." said Star-Lord.
Leyenar asked. The woman ignored her and ran away.
Now Pepper was furious. Not only her man was with
"Yes, boss." she replied.
"Everyone in the Galaxy knows you'd sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection." the Titan growled. Star-Lord stopped, and held up a fist meaning 'halt' in the silent language of soldiers. Everybody walked quietly past him. "I know you have the Reality Stone, Tivan. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering." said Thanos, then pressed his heavy boot into the Collector's chest.
"Both dead." Thor replied.
"Oh, I do. Kill away!" said Loki.
"Why the long face, buddy?" he asked. "I could see you frowning all the way across the galaxies." The Sun Soldier just wept, burying his face in the Moon Prince's shoulder. After so many centuries of being alone, he'd finally found someone who loved him for what he was, caring for his flaws and celebrating his triumphs. A friend, something more than a friend. A partner. A love. An equal. His face scrunched, losing his composure and sobbing as the Prince tried desperately to sooth him. "I can't be with you anymore, I promised to marry the Dawn Bringer."
Tony shook himself free of the Dwarf's weapon, now powerless. "Wong, you're invited to my wedding." he said.
Joker:What about you, Palps? What do you bet?
"There's six stones out there." said Thor as he finished rummaging. "Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They're with the Avengers."
"So you woke up, and thought that we were..."
He just didn't know how, not with Lagos still weighing heavily on everyone. And not when he knew in his heart that Steve would never agree to this. Their past conversations had made that very clear.
"Director, you stay out!" Tony snapped.
"How is it you know this place so well?" asked Thanos.
cried Leyenar.
Deadpool:You're gonna have a dead pool without the real Deadpool?! Don't you know how profitable I am?!
"Nat." said Bruce.
"No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony..."
It was
"He is not a dude. You're a dude. This...This is a man. A handsome, muscular man." said Drax, awe in his voice.
"You're saying Vision isn't just the stone?" asked Wanda.
"I get that, but why are we doing it?" asked Rocket.
she murmured to herself.
Tony(Shining Lord), Steve(Fire Star Warrior), Ronan(Moon Prince), Star-Lord(Sun Soldier) and Ultron(Ion, the god of blood, flame and destruction) are the only ones reincarnated into this age, and everything that happened in the Celestial Kingdom are merely coincidences.
"It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel." said Drax.
"So I've been told. Even so. I'd hoped you'd sit on it one day." Thanos replied.
Deadpool:Eh, whatever. (to Thanos as he leaves) I'll see you later, Cable.
"Families can be tough." said Thor. Before my father died, he told me I had a half-sister...that he imprisoned in Hel. Then she returned home, and stabbed me in the eye, so...I had to kill her. It's life, isn't it, I guess. Goes round and round and...I feel your pain."
"Right! That's the point I'm trying to make. Apropos of that, last night, I dreamed, we had a kid. So real. We named him after your eccentric uncle. Uh, what was his name?"
"So there's a 10 AM to Glasgow to give us more time together before you went back." said Wanda.
"We all think that at first." said the figure, revealed to be the Red Skull. He guided the other two to a temple-like structure at the summit.
"You'll never get the chance again." Proxima retaliated. Proxima Midnight and Corvus Glaive departed as they are beamed up. The glaive is snatched from Cap's hand as well.
"Please."
As he grew, Moon learned the ways of the diplomat and the warrior, finding strength and power in both the spoken word and the blade. But his true passion lay with the forge his father had given him. With his magic, arms bared and sweating under the heat, he formed each bright star and set them hanging like jewels in the multiverse. There was one other thing that the Moon Prince was more passionate about than the forge.
"Or not. If I'm overstepping…" said Vision, suddenly sounding very uncertain. Wanda stepped over to get a better view of the TV in the kebab shop at which they had stopped, drawing Vision with her. It showed coverage of the invasion of New York, the alien antagonists, and the disappearance of Tony Stark.
"That's a thing?" asked Bruce.
Joker:We're not in danger! Hehe... (immediately worried) Are we?
One girl came up, eyes wide in awe as she cuddled up to her big brother. "They say that her betrothed is powerful and rich, but we've never seen him."
"I'm not your daughter. Everything I hate about myself you taught me." Gamora told him.
"Where'd that come from?" asked Bruce.
"Hey!" said Gamora. Drax wowed.
In Shuri's lab, Shuri scanned the Stone with her kimoyo beads while Vision lay on the examination table. She flipped her hand over and studied the hologram projected over her palm. "Whoa. The structure is polymorphic." exclaimed the young princess.
Sam had drove Daisy, Rhodey, Bruce, Steve, Natasha, Wanda, and Vision to Wakanda via quinjet. King T'Challa and the Dora Milaje approached to greet the arrivals. "In all honesty, when you said we were going to open Wakanda to the rest of the world... this is not what I imagined." said General Okoye.
"It's not that easy. God, we haven't caught up in a spell, have we?" Tony told him.
"Really, really good. Really good. Do you plan on helping out?"
"The Avengers?" asked Star-Lord. "I heard about them from Director Leyenar, but..."
"Just…trust me. And possibly, kill me."
"Her?" He jerked back, eyes wide in shock. The wedding, the celebration. The Dawn Bringer had been planning the event for a century and was going to marry a powerful Celestial with many mortal worshipers and, and…it was the Sun Soldier?
"I promise, Director, you can have the Time Stone after we finish this." said Dr. Strange. Leyenar gave him another smirk.
"Tell me you're not on that ship." said Pepper.
"Yes."
"Like Kevin Bacon?" Mantis cut in.
"Yeah! It's going to be beautiful, she's been planning it for a hundred years!"
"Who's Scott?" asked Bruce.
Palpatine:Okay, okay. Now that he's finally going to do something with his life, who's up for a little wager?
"I imagine it's like breathing for you." said Thanos.
Captain America and Iron Man were scheduled to get hitched in 2019. It was a much-expected event, and everybody was looking forward to it...'till
"Viz? Is it the stone again?" asked Wanda, noticing Vision in pain.
"Come back here right now! Come back!"
(points at Yellowjacket suit)
. No one." she giggled, and Thanos turned to face her, all teary-eyed. "Really? Tears?" said Gamora, laughing harder.
"It's just...you can't be a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man when there's no neighborhood." After saying that, Peter waited for Tony's reaction. "Okay. That didn't really make any sense, but you know what I'm trying to say."
"Seems like I'm always thanking you for something." said Steve as he shook hands with the Black Panther, while Bruce bowed awkwardly.
"ZIGACKLY!" Thor bellowed. " Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret... they're all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I'm good to go."
"Hmm. Huh? Oh. I would've washed that. The only way I could sneak it off Contraxia was up my..." Rocket was cut short by a beeping sound. "Hey, we're here!" he cried.
"Kid, where'd you come from?"
Loki began losing his cool demeanor almost immediately as Thor suffers, and broke down after only a few moments. "Alright, STOP! We don't have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard." he said.
"Call him." Bruce demanded.
"What's wrong, little one?" asked the warlord.
"She's right." T'Challa agreed. He, Okoye and the guards headed for the door.
"You know you can't eat dumbbells, right?" Rocket told him.
Outside, Sam was looking at the sky with the Soldier. "Hey, Cap, we got a situation here!" he said over the Avengers' comm. The defense shield over the Golden City destroyed one of the alien vessels as it slammed into the field at full attack acceleration.
"Should we bow?" Bruce asked Rhodey.
Pepper shook her head. "No."
"Stormbreaker." said Eitri.
"Cap and I fell out hard. We're not on speaking terms."
Iron Monger:Hawkeye's definitely gonna die, man.
"I just feel you." she said, and they kissed.
"Let us begin." The High Priest cleared his throat, letting a gauntlet-covered hand fall to the marble table before the elders and drawing attention to his impatient form. The Moon Prince, eldest son of the ruler of Heaven, nodded at the others, settling into the chair beside the High King. The Shining Lord leaned forward in his seat, gazing excitedly at the contestants until he sat on the very edge.
"I don't know. We've sort been havin' a thing." Bruce told him.
"That's my backpack." grumbled Star-Lord.
said Leyenar.
"He must be going somewhere." said Mantis.
"Exactly. Bye." said Tony, and flew through Ebony Maw's obstacle course but got cut short by Black Dwarf's hammer, sending him through a building and into the park at high speed, plowing into the ground and fetching up against a tree.
She exhaled softly, and drew the name from her lips.
"If it's so important, shouldn't I?" Star-Lord retaliated.
"Morgan! Morgan." said Tony.
"Shirts?" said Pepper.
Behind them, Proxima and Corvus crashed through the roof and advanced on them, brandishing their weapons. Wanda moved protectively in front of Vision, building power in her hands. An express train passed behind Wanda, and Proxima cocked her head as if aware of another's presence. Confused, Wanda also turned and looked over her left shoulder. As the last train car passes, we see a silhouette on the far side of the platform. Proxima threw her weapon at the shadowy figure, but it is deftly caught just before the figure steps from the shadows. It turned out to be a bearded and furious Captain America. Vision and Wanda looked hopeful and relieved. While all parties are distracted, Falcon swooped in and kicks Proxima across the platform and through the closed cafe's security gate and furniture. Swooping around, he fired on Corvus. At the same time, Captain America threw Proxima's weapon to Black Widow who engaged Corvus, ducking under his swing, stabbing him in the gut and executing a flying kick to knock him backwards. Proxima, who has rushed back to the fight, summonec her weapon back to her hand and attacked Black Widow. Captain America leaped forward, rolled, scooped up Corvus's dropped glaive and held her off. Black Widow joined in with her own escrima sticks. While the three are fighting, Falcon returned and again kicked Proxima backwards; she scuttled over to the prone Corvus. Falcon drew both of his Steyr SPP submachine pistols on the couple.
"Yes!" cheered Peter. "Wait, what are those?!" Spider-Man crouched with his new spider-legs, and made a mighty leap to pull them both back inside. Iron Man quickly sprayed nanites onto the hole to plug it up. Dr. Strange safely, if emphatically, hit the floor. Ebony Maw was left floating in space, quite dead, ice from the escaped atmosphere frosting over his grimace. Spider-Man landed on his new legs, retracts them, and found the Cloak Of Levitation "standing" next to him.
"The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you." said Thor.
A car crashed in on a pole behind Tony, who put on his sunglasses and asked FRIDAY "What am I looking at?"
"Stop it. You did it again." said Thor.
Of course, the One Above All formed the other universes of which many know, such as Asgard of the Nine Realms. These people, however, were favored by the One Above All. And to show His favor, He created one, that stood out in the greatness of his people, a child who the One Above All called His own. The Celestials merely called him their Shining Lord, their Supernova, their Golden Avenger.
Red Skull:Put me down for Drei. I think it's going to be Captain America, Captain America, and Captain America.
"You see it as well?" The head of the Celestial military leaned toward the Moon Prince for privacy. The older nodded, glancing at his friend's charge. They had often spoken of this boy, the Fire Star Warrior, for the Prince had noticed that rare flame in his brother's eyes—the one that often sparked inside the Shining Lord. The boy had the skill of a fine fighter.
"Like suicide." replied the Collector.
"Broke up? Like a band? Like The Beatles?" cried Bruce, surprised.
Vulture:What are you, nuts? Oh yes, he can.
"We'll take his ship." Drax finished.
"It's a distress signal, Rocket. Someone could be dying." said an annoyed Gamora.
"I need to ask a favor."
"Well, then, we have to protect it. " Nat insisted.
The synthezoid took his lover's face gently in both hands. "Only you have the power to pay it." Wanda got distressed, and walked away. The robot continued to talk. "Thanos threatens half the fictional omniverse. One life cannot stand in the way of defeating him."
"Who's your girlfriend?" Steve asked.
"I'm sorry. We just wanted time." Wanda apologized.
"Please don't do this."
"No. No. For Ovette. For Camaria." Drax ranted, only to be put to sleep by Mantis. He fell with a big crash. Thanos looked towards the sound, then picked up the Collector and threw him into a collecting case before walking towards the disturbance. "Okay. Gamora, Mantis, you go right. I'm..." Star-Lord insisted, then Gamora moved towards Thanos. "The other right!" said Star-Lord hurriedly. Gamora leaped on Thanos from a stack of boxes, swinging her sword at him. He snapped the sword-blade in half, and Gamora stabbed him in the throat with the stub, his lower jaw sagging and himself letting out a hoarse groan, then he got stabbed in the chest with the red-jeweled dagger.
Gamora waved her index finger at Star-Lord. "Which isn't the point."
"The price. Soul hold a special place among the Infinity Stones. You might say it has a certain wisdom." replied the Red Skull.
"Tell me his name again." said Tony, focused.
"It's a simple spell but quite unbreakable." said Strange.
"Got it." said Peter.
"Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies." Tony quipped. He fired a rocket from his shoulder which pierced the side of the ship to Maw's right and began to suck everything out with depressurization, especially Maw and his weapons. Dr. Strange got pulled loose of his pinnings, lost the needles, but also heads for the hole, helpless to resist. The Cloak wrapped around his arm and an anchor point, but Dr. Strange's arm slipped loose and he kept going. Spider-Man shot a web strand at Dr. Strange with one hand and held onto a piece of the ship with the other. It broke, sending them both towards space when his Iron Spider suit's metal arms braced him to keep him from being sucked out. Fortunately, Dr. Strange was still surrounded by the ship's atmosphere, making haste to leave. Immediately, Leyenar began roleplaying with herself.
When they finally make it next in line, Tony motions for Pepper to go, “Ladies first.” Pepper calls him out for being chickenshit with a look that Tony reads all too well.
Tony trudges up to the table and feels almost like he’s been sent to the principal’s office. “So, about earlier…” Tony motions with his hand.
“Don’t mention it. That’s not to say there aren’t still some assholes out there, but I’m sure it’s an improved environment to what you’re used to.”
“I don’t know, I think I’m pretty amusing.”
“Alright then, let’s hear your all-knowing-and-enlightening argument for what exactly I missed about these books.” Tony crosses his arms over his chest, attempting a look of seriousness, but he wasn’t entirely sure he managed to hide his amusement.
Steve could feel the tension coming back, not quite sure what to make of this, “is that so?”
“Don’t ever let them make you forget that.” Tony murmurs to him before reaching up and kissing Steve gingerly.  Steve reaches his hand behind Tony’s head, deepening the kiss with a fire he’s surprised at.
“Because you might have made it just a little less broken. And I think that makes all of the difference.”
“Ah, you know forget it, that was probably a bad idea.” Steve brushes a hand through his hair, unable to shake the feeling in his chest that made him feel small and inconsequential.
Tony glances back at the spines lined up on the shelf beside them, “All of them, except for the new one of course. And, despite appearances I don’t make it a habit to wander bookstores and shit on people’s taste in books”
Tony jerks his head up from his phone and immediately finds those same blue eyes he was drowning in not even 20 minutes ago, and they’re staring right back at him.
“Her insistence?” The man asks with a raised eyebrow, like he knows exactly what Tony wasn’t saying out loud.
“I will take that...” Pepper jumps in with a smile, leaning over to read the name tag, which read Rocky, with they/him pronouns underneath that. “Rocky. Thank you so much.” Tony barely glances at Rocky, unable to take his eyes off the book in his hands. Rocky hands it over to Pepper with a thanks to her and pretty much ignoring Tony at this point, takes their leave.
“That. Shit.” Tony sits back in his chair and let’s go of any notion of escape.
“I am happy to help, they really are fantastic books, Tony only thinks he knows everything.” She says with a smirk, the two of them all but ignoring Tony.
“I, okay that’s good to know. Thank you, Tony.”
Tony eventually pulls away, laughing lightly as he presses his forehead to Steve’s, “remind me to tell you how much better you are than other people more often.”
Steve smiles down at the book as he begins signing it. “That I have. And I suppose I should be giving you my thanks for spreading my work around. Lost bets or otherwise.” He glances back up at her.
“You did what?” She barely remembers to whisper the words back at him, still somehow managing to convey plenty of her outraged disbelief.
The shorter man seems to mull this over for a second, “should we stop?” Tony asks lightly, looking back over at the crowd.
Tony smiles again, “Yeah that’s probably fair.”
Steve shook his head lightly, “No, especially not because I’m feeling a little caught up. Come on, it’s for charity.”
Steve feels his pulse pick up, almost sure that Tony can feel the way his heart is ready to beat itself out of his ribcage. But Steve was not a person to back down from a challenge.
Tony puts a hand to his chest in mock outrage, “Sticks and stones, Pep.”
He takes it gingerly, almost like he’s afraid it’ll all slip away from him. Steve wraps his arm around Tony’s waist and pulls him against his chest. He revels in the feel of the smaller man pressed against him.
In a deep and rough voice, Steve asks again, “Tony, will you go on a date with me?”
Steve dragged his gaze away from the outstretched hand up to Tony’s face, he scrutinized it for a moment. He didn’t see any mocking or cruel glints, just Tony. His usual confident and easy charm, nothing lurking in the shadows. He looked back down at the hand.
- Thank you.
- Well, you like to take your eggs in the same basket yourself, he exclaimed
experiment almost cost him the muscle in his left thigh. He was so tensed on one of the scenes, that he really almost tore a piece of it. Even though it was soft, it was absolutely not about BDSM. He had told Sharon that he didn't like this type of film, judging the scenes too daring. She then suggested that he learn to adapt to the 21
As for his eyes ? They shone like amber pearls, deep like jewels. The most beautiful eyes in the world staring at him with so much intensity it capsized him. And his lips, beautiful and thin delicately surrounded by his beard collar looked so soft. Steve had just had the desire to bend over and kiss them.
He was hurt and interpreted the words as he always did. Tony's life had been one of disappointment, betrayal and violence. No one, except maybe Pepper, Rhodes or Happy had really behaved well with him. They had all at some point committed one of these three acts towards him. And Steve had even done the combo of three in a split second. So, it was no wonder that his insecurities spoke before his reflection. There was no procrastinating. Tony needed clear sentences that left no room for doubt.
Steve had to swallow the lump in his throat several times in a row. Unlike Sharon who had sex very badly, with Tony it was delicious. They had tasted ecstasy. The wait before being able to succumb to it again was going to look like tantalum.
Steve had just run several miles with agonizing thoughts. He had cheated on Sharon, that was a fact. However if Tony was unaware of his affair with Agent 13 then he had cheated on Tony as well.
Maybe one day he would be ready to trust a woman who would act like Tony to him. It was all he wanted for his best friend. Staying single might be a desire, but ... there was a but !
The restaurant had actually been a pizzeria lost in the heart of Brooklyn, at the end of a dimly lit alley. Technically, it didn't look good. The place looked vaguely dubious. However, Steve was astonished once the door passed. The interior had been magnificent, in the colors of Italy. The music had been soft and sweet. The smell that reigned there enticing. The tables were all spaced by small benches, leaving the occupants in their privacy.
There was a long silence as Bucky cleaned up his little mess. Steve was frozen in place, stiff as a stick. He knew his friend was aware of his bisexuality. So, it couldn't be a problem to mention the fact that he had slept with a man. Yet his reaction had taken him by surprise.
- We could watch another movie, you know with popcorn ... ? I'm gonna do that, go to the kitchen and ... yeah !
- Maybe I saw a little tall.
He had been suddenly terrified, seeing Tony already pushing him away to run in the shower, disgusted and horrified. Steve could already hear him tell him that he was a fairground freak and that he should go see a specialist to fix his problems.
Since Siberia, things had gone incredibly well between them. They had spent a full year without really speaking except through interposed messages. Then there was the Extremis incident which completely transformed Tony into a complex entity, with cellular regeneration that gave him abilities as yet unknown. A few weeks later, the fugitive Avengers were pardoned and were able to return to the complex. Tony and his lawyers have done most of the work. The UN also did its part with the arrest of Theodore Ross. Bucky was invited to come and stay at the compounds by the master of the place. Tony and Bucky gradually became very good friends. To the amazement of the whole team, Steve was the first.
He had wanted more. He had slid his tongue over Tony's lower lip, asking permission to deepen the kiss. Tony had surrendered completely to Steve by then.
- Yes.
The word hurt really badly and yet it wasn't him who was going to suffer the most.
Steve had been thrilled. The only thing that mattered was satisfying Tony. His pace hadn't been so fast as before but the feelings were still very strong. He had sung praises to Tony as the latter had reached a second orgasm. Steve had followed quickly, screaming once more as he ejaculated hard.
Steve froze. His erection was totally gone. He held Tony by the arms, trying to keep in touch as long as possible before it was all over. The man was crying loudly, struggling like hell begging him to release him. Steve knew, if he let go of Tony, it was over. His genius would take refuge far from the complex to admonish and hate him. Steve didn't know how to express what had just happened.
Steve tried it all out and kissed Tony. He didn't immediately respond to the kiss. Steve was frozen in an unfathomable fear of having ruined everything. However, Steve had never backed down from a fight. He wasn't going to let it all go downhill with a phone call from a woman who didn't deserve his affection. He continued to kiss Tony with chaste, gentle touches. The genie wrapped his arms around his neck and finally returned the kiss. Hesitant at first before letting it melt.
- Always to cover your back Punk.
The genie visibly paled, the expression on his face changing into a mask of fear. Something had cut him off in his train of thought. Steve saw his shoulders tighten and his lips started to quiver.
- Dance with me.
First, he was going to have to tell Tony the truth. To lie to him once more by omission was beyond his strength. He would never be ready to relive a situation similar to that in Siberia.
- Tony ? Steve worried, grabbing his forearms in his hands in a sign of attention.
- In one or two ... months.
The genie staggered to its feet, seeking to flee. Steve jumps up to catch up with him and hug him.
Bucky looked at him blankly as Steve stuck a sweat.
Sharon wouldn't be home for weeks, he had time to fix this problem. Time to find a solution and think about what to do.
- To me ? This is very possessive Captain Rogers ! Tony quipped.
Especially not Tony !
- With all of my favorite food you brought me Steve, I'm sure I can't fit my pants anymore, Tony joked, biting into a cheeseburger.
They watched in silence the story of Moana unfolding before them. Serene and calm in each other's arms, they took advantage of this peaceful moment. At the end of the evening, Steve wisely left Tony's apartment to return to his.
When ordering, Steve was speechless.
The soldier leaned down once more to capture the genie's lips in a gentle kiss and hug him. They stayed in that hug for a while without saying a word. Just enjoy the moment.
- Oh uh yes, of course we can make the final adjustments to it, Tony said hastily, his voice hoarse.
The phone !
- Tony...,
Most of them were team shots. Steve had glanced over at Tony who was making coffee in the kitchen. He didn't want to be curious or disrespectful to his host, however the temptation to look at them had been stronger. He had recognized Howard with his wife Maria, pregnant to the eyes. The photo appeared to be from the 1970s. Another showed Colonel Rhodes in what must have been his early years as an officer. Tony standing next to him making bunny ears. Steve had smiled at this one. She must have been 20, and today's Tony looked younger than the one in the photograph. Steve wondered if it wasn't too hard for Tony to take all these physical changes. After all, he had never confided in how he felt about this incident that Extremis was. He seemed to endure it in many ways.
- I haven't calmed things down either ... it's not as easy as I thought.
- That's good news, he breathed relieved.
Steve knew, however, that he was going to have to strike up a conversation about their night together. He didn't know how Tony was going to take it but whatever happened he would never lie to her again.
Her body was pure beauty, immaculate and hairless. Her skin was shiny with a small film of sweat that harmonized with her complexion. His muscles were protruding, perfectly well proportioned. Her figure, both slender and slender, was soft and delicate. Her body was moving with grace and purity. He looked like a celestial deity as his aura was powerful.
Tony raised his eyebrows as if to signal that it was impossible.
Steve knows what he wants.
- Home, eight hours with cheeseburgers and milkshakes ?
What would you like to read as revenge from Sharon?
Tony was with Pepper when he realized his feelings for the genie. And when Pepper ended their relationship once and for all, Steve never wanted to hope. The fear of suffering being stronger than opening your heart. But Tony had been so beautiful that night.
They had shared a slow dance enjoying each other's company, before settling down comfortably on the sofa. It didn't really matter what movie was playing on the screen. Steve saw the story unfold without any real interest. He just liked to hold Tony in his arms, hugging him with gentle hugs.
He had failed his last conviction miserably. Steve was ashamed. He had often judged adultery, not hesitating to cheer up those who had made mistakes. Bucky had suffered his wrath several times.
Steve had further proof of Tony's love for him. He was going to be strong for him and do whatever was necessary to have his decision upheld.
Steve nodded, lifting Tony slightly in his arms to walk towards the room of the promised carnal pleasures.
At this announcement, Steve had only seen a huge infatuation take him. He had repeated a hundred times the pretty little spiel that was going to hold him in order to break. He was ready. Steve was in such a hurry to end it to formalize his affair with Tony and finally break this abstinence.
There was also this little thing that confused Steve. Bucky and Tony had become very good friends, to put it mildly. He knew from experience that leaving the two together unattended could lead to crazy situations. Like the time they decided to bake cookies at two in the morning. They had ravaged the common kitchen after a battle of flour and eggs. Quickly, little animal words were exchanged between them. Not that Steve was going to mention his jealousy of his best friend. Wasn't Cap or Capsicle so bad ?!
- Are you fine ? You seem to have difficulty breathing.
The soldier sensed the infamous frustration Bucky had mentioned to him. Her heart was beating so fast with the need to satisfy her craving. It was torture at that level. Everything about Tony was currently alluring. Her body, her scent, her allure, her sweet and bewitching voice ... and he couldn't consume anything. He had made a request and Tony stuck to it more than he did.
In addition, his experiences during the war had not always gone well. Actually not at all :
- I didn't want to interfere with your happiness.
Everyone who followed Bucky's photo represented him. Steve had put a hand to his mouth, swallowing too much emotion. The first showed him and Tony smiling at each other. The second was taken during an audition for the Avengers. The third, more recent, showed him shirtless lifting weights. And the fourth was the most iconic. He was wearing his stealth suit, his hard hat in his hand, looking out to the horizon. Steve hadn't known how Tony had captured this moment. It was during the invasion of Doctor Doom. They had fought his killer robots for hours. When the Avengers had everything under control and Doom under arrest, they had been exhausted. Steve had remembered looking at the horizon to watch the sun setting over the ocean. Tony had almost died that day and Steve had never known such terror.
Tony had invited him over to dinner to talk about the final adjustments he had made to his suit. Steve immediately agreed.
Steve was no longer breathing. He was sure of it. Unless Tony was an incubus, he had literally just instilled ultimate desire into her. These words, he had spoken them with so much intensity and emotion, that Steve had the legs in cotton. This mention of possession was like a key that would open the door to his impulses. An infernal desire rose in him with a need to satisfy his lust.
Without his great hearing Steve would have missed it. The next second, Tony was literally hugging her to share a kiss of love. The soldier willingly sank into it, loving the feel of Tony's lips on his. He was never going to be able to go without passing. In truth, he would surely even spend a lot of time kissing her.
- Steve, I feel you so good... she moaned shamelessly.
He’s looking for a way out of this without making it even more awkward probably, Tony thinks to himself and decides to make it easy on the guy.
“If I go now, I can make it before-”
“If you’re into overly optimistic inspiration porn, then that’s great. They’re written well, the guy knows his stuff, it just… It crosses my ‘too unrealistic’ line. What can I say, I’m a realist.”
years…” Tony trailed off hesitantly and wouldn’t meet Steve’s eye.
“Hello everyone.”
“Ah, but you know, to each-” Tony finally really looked at the man beside him, and felt his words catch somewhere in his throat. The first thing he latches onto are the striking blue eyes that remind Tony of one of the many paintings Pepper always fawns over, and he was honestly starting to see the appeal. “Their own…” Tony finishes his sentence like an afterthought, and he knows he should do something to make up for going off the rails there, make an introduction, say something witty and charming, but he can’t help just staring at him. He took in the furrows in his brow and the corner of his mouth twisted up in what seems like dry amusement, and every thought just seemed to disappear from Tony’s mind, which was quite the feat for him.
Steve just nodded and continued swaying, and realized they’d already finished the first song and had continued dancing halfway through another.
What happens if he doesn’t try, and someone gets hurt? Steve takes one last look at the files before making his decisions to get ahold of Fury tomorrow.
“Is there anything you can tell us about the tesseract that we ought to know now?”
“Ah, I knew there was something!”
Tony listened with half an ear and just as they switched gears and started setting up for signatures and people started lining up, Tony felt his heart drop into his stomach and he turned to Pepper, “I think I can make a clean getaway.”
“Yeah, you’re right, maybe I should just make a break for it.” He tries to subtlety glance around, “I’ll just slip out and we’ll forget this ever happened before-”
The blonde looks back down at the book in his hand, turning it over and rubbing a thumb over the cover, “Well, for one, their lives aren’t perfect, unblemished happiness and hope. They’ve all been through things, they’ve all lost things. The Captain has his flaws, he’s made choices and mistakes that have hurt his own team. He lost his own brother, and he feels that mistake daily, it affects so many of his decisions. Their lives aren’t perfect by a long shot.”
Tony’s thoughts feel scattered and disjointed like one of the machines he takes apart to tinker with.
“But you’re buying.” Pepper flashed him a sly smile as she stopped in front of the little indie bookshop and pulled the doors open.
“They had thought my books were too unlike the reality they had come to know. That my story was too optimistic, too hopeful and they couldn’t reconcile that. And maybe it just isn’t the type of story for that particular person, and that’s okay too.
“You know, I asked that very question every step of the way here. Why did you bring me here, Pep?”
“Hey, I was wondering where you’d gotten off to.” Tony steps out onto the balcony, his eyes on Steve as he approaches with a glass of champaign in hand.
Tony freezes, glancing back over to the possibly blushing? Super soldier who feels his heart in his stomach. “You mean, like a date?” Tony asks lightly, but if Steve didn’t know any better, he’d think it was a forced lightness.
“I’m fairly certain dancing isn’t required to support the charity, Tony.” Steve replies dryly.
“You know you’re amazing, right Steve? And I don’t mean in a ‘you save the world, so of course you’re worth something’, but I mean in a ‘Steve Rogers is the best person I know’ kind of way. Even in a charity gala when you feel awkward in a tux and surrounded by rich assholes who know all about society plate settings, you are worth more than all of them.”
Steve doubts that, but he doesn’t say so. Instead, he looks out over the terrace and takes in the view. “you’re really good out there, you know. You can read the room and you know all the right things to say.” Unlike me.
“Or you could save yourself the trouble and not do that.” Tony suggests.
He tries to ignore it all, especially when the host says the words that start a round of applause all around him, “And now, here is the author himself, S. G. Rogers.”
Steve laughed lightly at that. Tony had a way of making Steve’s issues feel lighter, like maybe he was helping lift the burden.
“non bin-” Steve frowns down at Tony, who just chuckles softly at him.
“Tell me why I agreed to this again?”
No, he couldn’t let himself think that way, he’d spend hours driving himself insane if he went down that road. He saved people that day, and that was worth something.
“How many of them have you read?”
He turns on some music before setting his phone on the balcony and reaching a hand out to Steve, who takes it with slight surprise.
They stand in line for much longer than Tony had expected, and the entire time he hears Steve’s voice in his head, “everyone deserves that chance”. He feels caught somewhere between wanting to flee and wanting to be next in line.
“So… Not a fan then?” The man raises one perfect eyebrow, and Jesus Christ Tony is even thinking of his eyebrows as perfect.
“You must be Pepper.” Steve says with a smile.
Tony resists the urge to stick his tongue out at her as she walks past him and sets her book down in front of Steve. “Hello.” Pepper greets him in her best “I’m trying to make up for Tony’s behavior” voice.
“Uh… Pep?” Tony mutters to the woman beside him
“Alright, alright hush now, they’re getting ready for the author to come out and speak.”
“I actually need to be going.” He glances back up at Tony, his whole demeanor suddenly looking more uncertain than he’s seen him this whole time.
A deep voice cuts into Tony’s thoughts, and he can’t help the derisive laugh that escapes him. “Hardly. They're honestly mediocre books, at best. The science and tech they reference get it right about half of the time, I mean, did he even do any research? And sure, not everyone is an expert on these things, and it’s fiction so even I can look past that, but the worst part is how optimistic it all is. It’s all about ‘doing the right thing’, and the belief that humanity is good at heart? Bullshit. People suck, grey areas exist and generally the world is awful.
The smile falters for a second, “Um, well I have this for you.” They move to hand him one of Steve’s books with a signing ticket in it, or at least they try to anyway, but Tony doesn’t move. “Rogers wanted me to give it to you.” They say a bit hesitantly.
Two Years Later
“You mean when you told me you hated my books because they were ‘too happy’?”
Steve rolls his eyes and nudges Tony’s shoulder as they smile at each other like idiots.
“That might not be far off the mark.” Tony can feel an actual smile start creeping back onto his face, “I’m Tony, by the way.” He steps forward and reaches a hand out.
“Sure we can, I’m Tony Stark, they’ll get over it.” He gestures vaguely as if dismissing it.
Steve looks back at Tony before leaning back over the railing, “Hey.”
He lets out a warm laugh and it feels like it went to Tony’s very core. “Well, I am a little surprised you managed to read all of them and miss so much.”
cute guy though.”
“We should probably get back.” Steve whispers into the night air, though he doesn’t mean a word.
They move around the balcony slowly, the rest of the world just fading away until it’s nothing buy Tony and soft music with a vast night sky and small twinkling lights around them.
Pepper eyes him when he finds her in one of the aisles, but he ignores her as they go to leave, and she takes the hint. He only glances back at Steve once and sees him smiling over one of his books at another fan. His own book feels like it’s burning him where it sits in his hands, but Tony refuses to let go.
“Sure, you did.” The man moves forward, reaching an arm out to pick up the book Tony had just put back, his arm barely brushes up against Tony’s shoulder, but it feels like electricity is running through his veins. Tony’s eyes follow that arm of their own volition, the short sleeve shirt seemingly painted on every muscle the guy has.
Tony finds himself sitting next to Pepper a few moments later with almost no recollection of how he got there, he barely remembers the busy walk through the store and he’s almost surprised he made it here without getting trampled.
Tony takes a deep breath and runs a hand through his hair absently, looking down at the ground, “There is that…” The words come out small and Tony hates that, the way they feel like they have to claw their way out of his throat. He looks back up and gives the man an assessing gaze “alright, I will concede that you seem to know what you’re talking about, and you’re not… Entirely wrong.”
“I am S. G. Rogers; you guys can just call me Rogers though.” Steve seems to incline his head slightly towards Tony before looking back out at the rest of the crowd.
“Linda, my lovely, as much as I would love to dance with you, I have actually just promised this one to my dear friend Steve here, but pencil me in for later okay.” Tony stood easily, buttoning his jacket up and picking up his drink and finishing it off.
Tony watches Steve talking behind the podium, not looking at him while he moves his hands expressively and talks about his writing process. “This is the guy.”
“Tony, people are staring…” Steve can feel his body starting to tense and actively works to keep loose and follow the rhythm.
“You should’ve left it in the ocean.”
About a week goes by and that damn book is still sitting untouched on his kitchen counter. He walks past it, giving it a wide berth, and mostly refuses to think about it, beyond glaring at it. He finds solace in his workshop and tries to forget all about hopeful authors and crowded bookstores.
Steve stops and takes a deep breath. Remembering all they fought for, what they were trying to accomplish, and the world they were left with.
Pepper gave him her best serious businesswoman stare, “Oh no you do not.”
“I talked with someone about my books recently.” Steve’s voice rings out over the crowd and catches Tony’s attention, bringing his gaze back to the front and seeing Steve looking back out at him.
“Hmm, maybe in a few.” Tony stretches back up and kisses Steve again.
“Oh, you wound me, Pep.” Tony shakes his head at her with a dramatic pained look on his face, but it only earns him an eyeroll. “Okay well, I will go peruse I suppose.”
Pepper sighs but Tony can tell it’s one of her “I don’t know what I’m going to do with you, but also I’d be lost without you” sighs and he grins back at her.
“The signing starts in about an hour so please make sure you show up on time, I’ll save you a seat.”
Tony pulls Steve out on the floor, leading him towards the middle, never once looking out of place or worried. Steve wishes he could pull that off, but he always feels out of place, not even just at these functions, just in this whole new time.
The man’s grin widens at that, “I see. Regardless, I like my chances.”
Linda began to move away but Tony didn’t give it up, he walked over to Steve and held his hand out, “alright, Cap, lets dance.”
Steve looked at Tony’s hand as if it were a tentacle, “I mean, she left already, do we really have to dance?” Steve felt small, he hated that, like he was back in his old body.
But I know when I started writing this story, it wasn’t because my life was perfect. It wasn’t because grief and loss were strangers to me. It was because I had experienced those that I knew I needed to tell this story. The world isn’t always perfect; people aren’t always good. Those are facts of life. But so is the fact that life can be beautiful, and people can be good.
“Because you are emotionally stunted.”
“Nice try, now go peruse.”
Steve turned in exasperation, finding Tony looking at him with complete seriousness, and Steve knew he meant every word. “We can’t just leave, Tony.”
Tony looks at the book skeptically, “Are we sure there isn’t a bomb in that? Or maybe some kind of poison? Wasn’t there a scene with a-”
The band starts on a slow song and Tony leads Steve through a few steps, his hand just resting on Steve’s waist like it’s nothing.
Instead he pushes himself off the wall and takes a seat, picking up the debriefing and looking through it. He reads about the tesseract, about Loki and his brother Thor. He has to reread some of it, Norse Gods and other realms not quite clicking the first time around.
“Well, you probably can’t say that. I did meet an
He walks out to the edge, resting his hands on the railing. He stays there for a while, just enjoying the view and the distinct lack of people. He wonders why Tony even brings him to these, he can’t do anything good for the guy’s conversations or networking.
Steve gives him a small sarcastic smile and it makes Tony feel like he’s flying, but he’s quickly brought crashing back down to reality. They’ve had one meeting and he already shit on Steve’s entire life work, what does he expect from the man he practically spat at? He wants to squelch those small budding feelings of hope before they take root, and he has to pull them out by force.
“The cute-” She wrenches her gaze away from Steve and turns it on Tony. “That’s the guy?”
He let out a sigh and ran a hand over his face, feeling a weariness in his bones that made him want to just drop. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted the new folder sitting on his secondhand table. He thinks about ignoring it, walking away and just leaving it for someone else this time.
Tony thinks his heart might have stopped beating at some point, maybe when Steve’s gaze searched out his own, or maybe it was the way he seemed to speak to the room in such a commanding way, whatever the reason, Tony felt like he was stuck in place. He glanced over at Pepper beside him and found she had a hand covering her mouth and she blinked away a slight glimmer in her eyes.
Lonely nights and empty bottles of gin flash through his mind, but Tony is nothing if not a pro at coping mechanisms and goes for his tried and true, ignore the thought with jokes and deflection. “Well, when you put it like that it sounds bad.” He can feel his mouth pull into a familiar smile and the other man’s brow loses most of the furrow that was marring it, though he still holds onto a bit of wariness as his gaze sweeps over Tony in an assessing way.
“Hmm. Call it a hunch.” The man says with that same knowing look that makes Tony feel a swoop somewhere around his stomach.
He’s surprised when Tony reaches a hand out and places it against Steve’s chest, stopping him abruptly. “No no no, if you’re going to do, you better do it right, Rogers.” His face is still and serious, but Steve can see the glint in his eyes, almost a challenge as he stares him down.
“Hey, I am right here you know.” Tony says from just behind her.
Steve set the punching bag down, the loud thump seeming to bounce off the walls in the empty space. He leaned against the wall, looking around for a moment. Some days it was hard to wrap his mind around it, this new world, the memory of the one he knew at such odds with his new reality.
“I know you’re from a different time, Cap, but in this day and age, men can dance together. Come on, old timer.” Tony waved at him and his words hit Steve somewhere below the ribs. Without thinking about it anymore, he lifts his hand to rest it in Tony’s.
"This is it..." murmured Tony. He then asked Bruce, "What's our timeline?"
"What happened here?" asked Thor.
Drax, of course, was snoring with his mouth open from his seat in front of Star-Lord. Gamora lip-synched with the song along with Star-Lord. Actually, the "Rubberband Man" song was a distress signal.
"Or a genius." said Thor.
"And the Border Tribe?" he asked her.
Ultron was surprised. "Tell me how these action figures can get hitched."
"I thought we had a deal. Stay close, check in. Don't take any chances." said Nat.
"They're Earth's Mightiest Heroes." said Thor. "Of course, the director can go on for ages bragging about 'em, and..."
"Only if you wanna die." Gamora snapped.
(Feat. Winnie=Winter Soldier)
"He gave me 100 credits. I snuck in later that night and stole his eye." replied Rocket.
"I have chosen the Warrior," the Shining Lord announced without prompting or waiting a moment longer than he deemed fair. A great silence spilled across the great hall, though the High Priest's groan was the last noise to echo. The Moon Prince was tempted to let loose a smile, for the Lord's confidence was all that his heart had been missing before the ruler's arrival. The young boy looked astounded as if he could not believe the High King had called his name. Great discourse followed the decision's announcement and, for a moment, the Moon Prince's breath caught at the horrible flames that stormed in rage across the Shining Lord's face. The King had not lost his temper, not once, but a great urging rose inside him at the disrespect shown to his chosen partner.
"What are you doing?" asked Star-Lord.
"What are you doing?" asked Steve.
Malekith:No they don't!
"Not bad."
"Oh, wait, wait, wait, I think I have 200."
"Moon is in looooooove." They chanted as he finally swatted them away. "Who is it? Moon likes somebody."
In this story, Pepper Potts is a white supremacist and doesn't approve of colored people, and since I'm Asian to top everything else, that makes her hate me even more. For example, the "banana" is one of those slurs directed at Asian people who are only 90% American, like me.
Meanwhile, Leyenar was experimenting with the Time Stone. Suddenly, she opened her eyes with a jolt.
As I look out, surveying all that my sights reach, my fingers curl into my palm, forming fists that have ruled without fail and without mercy since the dawn of my crude crusade. There is immense strength in my hands, but my power is not infinite. Such limited potential had and will never be enough for the hunger that lives within me.
"Why does somebody always have to die in this scenario?" Star-Lord yelled.
she yelled.
"You got some acorns on you, kid." said Star-Lord.
She had forgotten that some people would have a little more time on their hands to do some digging. Things had come full circle and she wouldn't escape the truth this time.
"Dammit." said Bruce.
"Is it weird that I wanna do it even more now?" asked Rocket.
Bruce crawled out from under the branches, desperate and confused. "C'mon, Hulk. What are you doing to me?" He began slapping himself multiple times. "Come out! Come out! Come out!"
"A semi-stable, 100-year-old man." finished the Soldier, cutting in.
"What's this?" asked Thanos.
"Ah, the boyfriend." Thanos sneered.
"It's true. You have gained a little weight…" said Drax, motioning to Star-Lord's chest and belly. Gamora left Star-Lord's side at Thor's right, and circled around the foot of the table.
"I assure you, brother... the sun will shine on us again." said Loki, as he offered the cube to Thanos.
"Where's the fight?" he asked.
Star-Lord glared at Thor's hand on Gamora's shoulder, on the verge of full snarl, and moved around her to push between her and Thor. "And I feel your pain, as well. I mean it's not a competition, but I've been through a lot. My father killed my mother, then I had to kill my father. And that was hard. Probably even harder than having to kill a sister. Plus, I, came out of it with both of my eyes—"
"ZIGACKLY!" yelled Rocket.
"Bruce!" Tony said, surprised. "You OK?"
"You are. You're imitating the god-man. It's weird." said Drax.
"Thor…Why would he go to Knowhere?" asked Gamora.
"Yeah."
"Yes. Why?" asked Thor.
"Let's get you on the jet." Steve replied.
"Ever since you got a little sap, you're a total d-hole. Keep it up, and I'm gonna
"Ultron Stark-Rogers."
"So, you're not with Thanos?" asked Star-Lord.
Voldemort:What does that mean?
"Dollars?"
" replied the Titan, and he took her to an isolated chamber where Nebula was face-on, suspended horizontally in the air in the middle of the room, her breath shuddering in pain. Gamora was shocked and hurt to see her sister in such a vulnerable state. She hurried to Nebula's left side, only to see that she has been partially disassembled, her components stretched apart—a cybernetic version of the medieval torture rack. Truly, it was Hannibal Lecter level of brutality, as it was ranked in the Four-Dimensional World.
"Who cares?" Star-Lord said. "Now, let's continue on our way!"
"Little one, it's a simple calculus. This universe is finite, its resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction."
"Seriously? You don't have any money?" said the doctor.
The conversation with Stark had gone off without a hitch. The details she had given had held up to cursory scrutiny.
"Stay down, clown!" said Star-Lord, and Leyenar heard his voice. The Guardians had arrived! Immediately, she began singing.
"It stays with me, and with
replied Memory Gamora.
"Behold!" The One Above All exclaimed. His great voice boomed across the universes, all His creation. "My son, the Shining Lord. He is given to life, as the High King of the Celestials and father to all whom I have created."
Howard Stark yesterday celebrated both his marriage to Maria Carbonell, and the initial public offering of his company, Stark Industries (SI), on the New York Stock Exchange. SI has quickly built a global reputation for building weaponry for the US military and other defence contractors. The IPO was expected to raise $25 per share. However, at the end of the day shares were trading at closer to $20, indicating investors doubt the long-term durability of SI. In a statement, business partner Obadiah Stane stated that the company needed time to "settle into its full potential." Stark retains the majority of shares and as such full executive power. SI is a major US defence contractor and has so far made a profit every year since its establishment in 1956. Stark, who has long standing ties with the US military since WWII, was seen by our analysts to be in an ideal position to enter the weapons market. It remains to be seen how well he will fare.
Maw looked at Strange. "Stonekeeper...Does this chattering animal speak for you?" he said, referring to Tony.
"No, we have to destroy it." Vision said softly. "I've been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… its molecular integrity could fail."
"Yeah!" "Of course." "Duuuuh." The little girl cheered and the Prince sighed. They'd all be lucky if the Dawn Bringer didn't send an Abilisk to swallow them all up if she ever caught them spying.
"This is my voice!" yelled Star-Lord.
"You don't need that." Pepper said insistently.
Thor squinted and noticed a dagger materialize in Loki's hand. Loki braced himself, thrust upward with lightning speed and attempted to stab Thanos, but got frozen in place by the Space Stone's power before the point could strike home. "Undying." You should choose your words more carefully." said Thanos. He twisted the dagger out of Loki's hand with his right hand, then took hold of Loki's neck with the gauntlet and lifted him to eye level. Loki struggled, kicking, as his throat is squeezed. He made eye contact with Thor before Thanos increased his force on Loki's neck. "You will...never be...a god." said Loki, just before Thanos could snap his neck, killing him.
"Quill. Are you making your voice deeper?" asked Rocket.
"Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you're trespassing in this city and on this planet." said Strange, ready to engage, Wong by his side.
"Look, you know how you're having a dream, and in the dream you gotta pee?" asked Tony, and Pepper replied with a yes.
"Yes, but there are more than two trillion neurons here. One misalignment could cause a cascade of circuit failures." Shuri explained. She then turned to T'Challa and said "It will take time, brother."
"Those that are left." she replied.
"I'm saying that if we take out the stone, there's still a whole lot of Vision left. Perhaps the best parts." Bruce insisted.
"I don't think this rig has a self-park function." said Tony. "Get your hand into this steering gimbal. Close those around it. You understand?"
"Nonsense!" Ultron yelled.
Palpatine:Very well. Next!
Corvus Glaive suddenly arrived, knocking Wanda aside and grabbing Vision into the air. "Viz!" yelled Wanda, and Corvus flied away with Vision, slamming him against several walls. Meanwhile, Proxima engaged Wanda with her staff weapon and they, too, began to fight.
Wanda cast a bolt of magic which threw Corvus back through the wall and down a shaft, then flew the two of them away again. Proxima, who has recovered, shot a bolt from her weapon, causing them to fall from the air and down through the roof of Edinburgh Waverley Train Station. Wanda crawled over to Vision, who cannot muster the strength to stand. "Come on. Come on. Come on, you gotta get up. You gotta get up. Come on. Hey. Hey. We have to go." said Wanda.
- Hello my Love, Sharon whispered.
He heard Friday tell him that she would. However, Steve was too stunned to really care.
He had been more and more embarrassed by this background noise and by the strange sighs that Sharon emitted. She had seemed out of breath.
- I have the impression that you took it for a regiment. I’m wrong ?! he observed, looking at the two big boxes in his hands.
- Let go of me, I forbid you to touch me, he struggled, pushing Steve away with all his strength.
Breakfast continued in lively conversations between team members. Steve didn't notice that none seemed suspicious of him. However, it wasn't going to last long. With Natasha and Bucky in the area, he knew his infidelity would soon come to light.
- He ... he was excited. I really think he liked this hypersensitive side of the serum. We've done it a few times, he chuckled.
Tony gently pushed Steve away, regaining some control.
He also explained to her, without going into details, that his stamina and other little things could be a problem during intimate relations. It hadn't bothered him either, although Steve had noticed a little disgusted look.
- Is there a way for you to talk to someone about this problem ? Give yourself something that would keep you from ejaculating so much. Maybe also do something to make yourself less sensitive. You moan really loud and it's a bit awkward. I mean for my neighbors !
He had gone through them one by one when his heart stopped. He recognized Bucky. His friend was coming out of the pool, a huge smile on his face with Tony behind him attacking him with a squirt gun. The image was beautiful and brought tears to her eyes. Tony had done that, he had brought joy and happiness back to his best friend. Steve would be eternally grateful to him.
- First of all, I would like to properly break up with Sharon. And if you agree, I would really like to start a serious relationship with you.
And of course, Sharon wanted to retry the experience. This time, she hadn't run straight into the shower. No, she had done worse. She had reacted negatively.
So he technically had very little experience. However, he had a lot of theory in store thanks to a Bucky who recounted his conquests in great detail. He had hoped that Peggy Carter lived up to his expectations to have a more or less normal life. Indeed, with the serum that had transformed his body on many levels, he was sometimes a little embarrassed by it.
Surrendering in desire, Steve had slipped his hand under Tony, trying to prepare his entry without causing pain. He gasped as his finger slipped unhindered inside Tony. He had been so wet. More than anything he had known. He had tried with a second finger to make sure the rectal ring was elastic. He had made a few movements that had twisted Tony with pleasure. With a third finger, Tony moaned so loudly that Steve almost came in the second.
Steve hoped it was just the emotion. If he ever made Tony cry, he would never forgive himself. He can put this on his list of bad deeds as well.
He didn't know who made the move first. All he knew was he was kissing Tony. Her lips had been warm against hers, soft and delicate. The contact had been electrifying, making him weak in his knees as emotion had overwhelmed him with the kiss.
The movie had just ended when Steve leaned over to kiss the man in his arms. Tony responded to the kiss with a surprised gasp. It was soft and tender. At least at the beginning. Quickly, the kiss turned to lust. A burning desire leaving them with the urge to touch and stroke.
He was going to have to fix that too. He also didn't want Tony to take everything without compromise. It wouldn't do their relationship any good.
So, when Steve let him down, he hadn't broken. And the communication had not stopped.
Steve had then risen from the stone bench and extended a hand to Tony invitingly.
- I have some convictions Tony. And when I realized I had been unfaithful, I was ashamed of myself, Steve explained with emotion. I didn't think I was capable of adultery. Although I'm starting to realize why I got there.
- I don't have the words.
- I'm going to have to join Sam and Bucky at the simulation room. See you tonight ?
Steve laughed between his sobs.
- Let's go to the bedroom, Tony offered. Do you think you can carry me there without getting out of me ?
- Last night, I was so good and so happy to be with you that I forgot everything else. Including that I was not alone. Tony, I have… a girlfriend.
Steve had finally gotten a reaction and it was explosive. He even spilled his coffee on the table.
Steve stiffened. His body had reacted in the most devious way possible. His erection had stormed his pants. The image of her lying on a bed lost in a hotel deep in Thailand had excited him. He imagined her body covered in sweat pushing a stimulator into her vagina. Hearing her moan her name had been more than he could take. His heart had pounded at a breakneck pace where he had craved more.
So many photos… There was one of Natasha and Clint in training, one of Bruce handling test tubes and another of Thor eating Pop-Tarts. The Hulk was pictured on a longer frame, smashing a car. As amazing as it was, there was even one of Maria Hills and Fury in the middle of a conversation. Coulson had his place too, he looked like he was making a face. At the center of it all, Pepper posing for a stunning portrait. And the young Peter Parker showing his diploma alongside a proud Tony ...
It wasn't Tony's fault. He wasn't even sure the genie knew he was in a relationship with Sharon Carter. Steve hadn't shouted it from the rooftops. Only a handful of people within the Avengers knew about it. Natasha, Sam, Bucky and Maria Hills knew it. On the other hand, Sharon hadn't been asked to mention it to everyone at CIA headquarters. All departments had been informed like wildfire. She was proud to present him as her boyfriend, leaving a photo of the two of them enthroned on her desk. He had thought it was a bit too quick to show off like that. Sharon had assured him that it was so in the 21st century. He hated appearing in public. Holding his hand during the walks was rather painful nevertheless he did it. Kissing on the other hand was a whole different story. Every time she stole a kiss from him, he was uncomfortable. Even in front of friends like Sam or Bucky. And these two, had yet attended his very first kiss with Sharon. At the time, it was really a mistake. He had done it with the feeling that he owed her something. He hadn't been in the best frame of mind either. Not after yelling at Tony about the Sokovia Accords and being seen as a criminal by the US government.
“I… Might have lost a bet.”
“Listen, we can split right now, just say the words and we’re gone.”
Tony puts his elbows on the terrace and leans his shoulder against Steve’s also looking out over the railing. “Hmm, that tends to happen when you grow up at these things. My mom went to charity galas and society balls and, god anything where people dressed up and acted important pretty much.” Tony rubbed his hand over his mouth, seeming to be lost in memories. “They would call it networking, but honestly it’s just schmoozing.”
Then his brain finally catches back up to the conversation, don’t ever let it be said that he can’t multitask. “Okay, yeah I meant what I said, but that’s just my preference.”
He held his hands up in mock surrender, “oh absolutely, I will be seeing you later, count on it!” Tony turned back to Steve, who still hadn’t moved, and Tony gave a light eye roll at him.
Steve makes his way out of the ballroom and tries to find somewhere to step out for a moment when he spots a balcony off to the side. Steve makes his way for it, happy to note there’s practically no one out there. He walks out onto the balcony, the night air swooping in to envelop him and Steve feels like he can breathe easy for the first time in a while.
“Because you skipped the last four board meetings and owe me penance.” Pepper responded casually, but Tony was almost sure he heard a note of fondness under her tone.
Tony feels like his heart is going to climb its way out of his chest and stay here with Steve, but he forces himself to take the book and gives his patented gleaming smile, which he already knows doesn’t reach his eyes. “Nice meeting you… Rogers.” Tony says with a wink before stepping away.
“Literally always, but I’m pretty sure it was Nat’s turn to pick the after-mission food, so I am absolutely throwing you under the bus for that, she is terrifying and I am not standing in her way.”
Steve laughs lightly and remarks, “I’m beginning to think that might be glowing praise coming from you.”
“A bit?” Steve asks with raised eyebrows as he reaches out and plucks the book from Tony’s hands, which he hadn’t even realized he was still holding.
“Oh, Linda!” Tony hurried to set his glass down, his eyes darting around the room quickly in a way that Steve could tell meant he was looking for an escape route. “Where have you been? I was beginning to think you weren’t going to make it!” Steve couldn’t help but let out a small scoffing laugh at that, watching Tony handle people he didn’t want to deal with could be amusing.
Tony gives his best self-deprecating smile, “Am I that obvious?”
“Hmm, that doesn’t sound right, I distinctly remember a mention of bribing.” Tony tapped his pursed lips with his finger and pretended to be deep in thought.
“That’s the cute guy.”
“No!” The word seems to find it’s way out of Steve’s mouth of its own volition, and Tony turns back towards him with a small look of surprise that’s gone in a flash. “I mean… It’s just been a long time since I’ve danced with anyone is all.”
Steve realized his mistake quickly when Tony whipped his gaze over to Steve, his eyes lighting up with a look that meant trouble. Steve gave Tony a hard look that clearly said absolutely not. Tony grinned at him in return.
“Hmm, fine, you’re the boss.” Tony picks up and drowns the rest of his champaign before pulling his phone out of his inside pocket, “But, you owe me a dance, Captain.”
“Or just unlucky enough to end up in my blast zone when I got tired of monologuing in my head.” Tony quips back.
Tony turns to find the original event host standing beside him and wearing a very bright smile. “Unfortunately.” Tony says with a sigh.
“Tony, are you sure this is a good idea?” Steve looks around the floor nervously.
Tony seemed to give Steve a quick glance before responding, “Well they do a whole lot more than just dancing, but yes.”
You can fight the evil in your world, and you can find and build yourself a family when your own isn’t accepting, you can fall in love with someone amazing and surround yourself with the people that make you happy, even amongst the turmoil and chaos of the world around you. And I wanted people to know that everyone deserves a happy ending. Everyone deserves that chance. If you can believe that; you just might find it.”
He has his pick of people, men and women and nonbinary alike, why would he waste time on Steve? I mean, he was old enough to literally have been peers with his own father, the idea alone was probably gross to him.
Tony can already feel his thoughts picking up, screaming at him to offer his number, make a dumb joke about being available if he ever wants to argue about literature, maybe after he’s finished the newest book even? And Tony is just opening his mouth when Steve glances down at his wrist and Tony feels the moment slip between his fingers.
Steve could see the similarities between him and Howard, as well as the differences. It was uncomfortable thinking of Tony being Howard’s son, when it feels like Howard himself should still be here, around Tony’s age. But he wasn’t, he was dead.
Steve sighed to himself. Who was he kidding? He’s been iced and asleep for seventy years, everything feels so fresh. Seventy years and it still feels like it was yesterday. And he thinks he can just jump right back into it? With a whole new team that he doesn’t know, people he doesn’t trust. Bucky is gone, Peggy is gone. Everything he knew in life.
Steve almost feels like it’s too good to be true, but decides to roll with it anyway, and follows after Tony.
Steve made his way back to his little studio in Brooklyn, a meager place that he managed to get ahold of through some difficulty. It wasn’t much, but he didn’t need much these days.
“Yeah, okay or that.”
Steve watches Tony shake hand after hand and after awhile of not being able to keep up with the conversation, he decides he should step away for a minute. Steve excuses himself, most not even paying attention, but Tony pauses to send him a look. Steve just gives a small shake of his head, trying his best to indicate that he’s fine.
Pepper puts her hands to her temples and mutters quietly, “Oh my god.”
“Oh, um no, I actually meant, just you and I, like just the two of us?”
“Tony. It’s a book. Stop speculating and go get in line.” She shoves the book into his arms and practically shoos him off.
Steve hands the book back over to Pepper, his smile a bit broader now, “Here you go, Pepper. It was lovely to meet you.”
Tony’s mind is far away from the books at this point, and he doesn’t bother looking up, until all the clapping quiets down and he hears a voice he recognizes.
“Ah, I believe the word I used was too optimistic, but yeah that.”
Tony thinks to himself, almost giddily.
It’s only one night a few days later, after too many drinks and too many thoughts that he picks up the book and reads the signature over a glass of whiskey. “Call me an optimist.” And beneath the signature that reads Steve Rogers is a phone number.
Tony makes a look of consideration, “You could say that…”
But then, Tony remembers the speech. The words that Steve seemed to pick out and hand deliver straight to him. “Regardless, it’s come to my attention that I may have been a bit harsh on your books.”
Watching Tony flit from person to person, charming them all with a smile and a few perfect words and looking amazing while doing it all. And Steve feels out of place, like a kid trying to wear his dad’s tux.
“Fine, but I am collecting on this dance!” She stuck her finger out and pointed it at Tony.
Steve was surprised to see less looks of disgust or contempt, and more of awe or happiness as the crowd watched them sway over the floor. He also noticed a couple looks of envy, even some from other men.
Tony moves past another group of gawkers, redoubling his efforts to dodge all the people when he lands himself right in the section full of the series he was trying to avoid. Because of course he did, what other kind of luck could he possibly have? Tony lets out a sigh as he trudges over to the books, the glossy red covers beckoning to him. He reaches out and pulls the newest book off the shelf, looking over the cover that has similar artwork as the rest of them. A lone soldier standing on the front line, his team fighting behind him, standing up to some unseen force that threatens everything they know.
“Alright.” Tony gave him a small smile, “duly noted, Cap.”
“TONY.”
“I- yeah, yeah. This is nice, the dancing I mean. I enjoy dancing, with men and women.” Steve worked hard not to cringe at himself.
“What?” She whispers absently, still watching Steve fixedly.
“Your line for ‘too unrealistic’ is ‘happy, hopeful, and in love’?” The man is looking at him with something Tony thinks is almost concern and he swears he feels his chest tighten at the idea.
“Okay I was harsh and I’m sorry about that. But I still stand by the fact that your science definitely needs some refinement, just for the record.”
“Maybe that’s a conversation for another time, baby steps. But what I’m saying is that sort of thing is a thing these days and you’re likely to come across it a few times so.” Tony sort of shrugged as best he could while holding Steve. “There you have it.”
“His brother’s death wasn’t on him, it’s on the bad guys. And besides, that’s my point, even through all that grief and loss and fighting against bad people every day, this team is still a shining beacon of hope? They’re still adamant to be good and fight for what’s right when it’s pretty much pointless. What’s the point in fighting if the result is still a broken world?” Tony fires back rapidly.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s just… A lot in there.”
She squints at him for a second before responding, “Anything in the form of a book?”
“Well, it’s not great.” The man deadpans, and Tony is grateful that he jokes about it, it makes it easier to ignore the heaviness on his heart.
“So, do you wanna go grab a burger?” He keeps his gaze ahead as he says it, unable to chance a look at his friend and teammate.
“Oh, so I’m just special then?” The blonde asks in a dry tone with a gleam in his eye and a slight smile that lets Tony know he’s joking, and Tony thinks he can practically feel a gravitational pull towards him.
Pepper merely rolled her eyes, “There might have been a mention of coffee-”
“I’m glad you could all make it and thank you all for your support and enthusiasm for this little story of mine, it means a lot to me.”
Then he reads about Natasha, Bruce, Clint. He glances through their light files, some basic information Fury probably included so Steve would know the people he’d be working beside. And then his eyes catch on another file, Tony Stark. A picture of him in his iron suit, and another of him in a tux.
“You really aren’t as funny as you think you are, Tony.” She gives him an unamused glare and his mouth tugs up in a smile as he hands over her coffee.
“Don’t mind if I do.” Tony takes up a spot in the café line and feels like he’s practically drooling by the time he makes it to the counter.
“Why don’t you go order us those coffees while I get in line for the signing tickets.” She looks over the milling crowd, searching for the end of the long line probably.
He opened his door to the dark little room, flipped the switch and stains of yellow light flooded the space, the light humming softly with electricity.
Can he really do this? He can barley sleep, what happens if he messes up on the field? What if he gets someone hurt?
“Likewise.” She gives him a nod and moves out of line, giving Tony her best ‘don’t fuck this up’ look as she passes him.
“That would be me.” She says in a friendly tone. “And I heard you’ve already met Tony.”
“Amusing and funny are not the same thing.” She smiles down into her coffee cup.
“I didn’t know he was the author! He doesn’t put pictures in the book! And it’s a pen name!”
Steve starts feeling self-conscious, worry and fears pressing in as he sees Tony just staring at him, his face unreadable and unmoving. Steve almost can’t believe he’d thought this was a good idea, who was he kidding? Tony might be into guys as well, but that doesn’t mean he’s into Steve.
Tony was making the face at Steve, like he had something to say and was deciding if he should really do it, “I don’t know, you may have heard already, but I myself have had quite a few dance partners over the
I guess even when I fuck things up, I don’t do it in half measures.
Steve felt like he was rooted in place, watching Tony move with confidence, after just committing himself to dancing with Steve like it was nothing. Linda looked over at Steve with her sharp gaze and he started to feel even more on display, and he wanted desperately to be anywhere but here.
She glances at him irritably for a moment, “What, Tony?”
“Are you okay?” Steve turns to Tony, his… Well he doesn’t really know what he is.
“That’s because Tony Stark is dancing with Captain America, and doing a fantastic job of it if I might say so.” Tony finally seems to catch Steve’s gaze and see something there. “Hey, you okay there?” Tony peers up at Steve with those warm brown eyes, and something in Steve’s chest seems to loosen.
