“I have problems with my heart,” Iron Man admitted out of the blue, surprising Steve. “I’ve had problems for a while now. Sometimes they are not that bad, but other times, like right now, they’re bad. The only thing that really eases the pain is plugging myself into an electricity source.”
The kittens seemed interested in the new voice and tried to go through the door to take a look. Steve gently pushed them further away with his foot.
. He didn’t know much about the relationship between Tony and Iron Man, but obviously they were at least somewhat close. Iron Man did work as Tony’s personal bodyguard, after all. Naturally Iron Man would tell Tony why Steve had called them both last night.
It was weird, of course. This wasn’t the type of life he imagined for himself years ago, but there was nothing to complain about. He was happy, really. Happier than he had been in a long time. Mostly because of Iron Man. Steve hadn’t even noticed before how happy the man really made him.
“Hi, mom!” she greeted cheerfully.
After everything was sorted out, Peter flopped down onto his bed and pulled out his phone. This was the first time he actually used the thing. It was pretty useful. RAIN (he still thought the name was funny, but hey, he couldn't come up with a better one) could answer any stupid question he had. He downloaded plenty of games and music to entertain him when he was bored or didn't want to be left alone with his thoughts.
The first day of school he said hello to the girl sitting next to him in class. She had long blonde hair and a pretty smile.
“If you didn’t lose it, then who did?”
P.s. feel free to request sneak peek anytime!
Carol smiled Monica. “Yeah, sweetie. I’m actually back.”
“Anyway, here's your room,” Steve said as they stopped in front of a door.
Peter groaned out loud. He never meant to give Wade any hope. He wasn’t even sure if he’d ever be okay with dating after everything he’s been through. He managed to open up to his new family, but even that was a struggle.
“Congratulations, Peter!” they all shouted. Peter gasped and covered his mouth. There was so much love for him and he felt overjoyed.
Peter decided he was done with question and luckily lunch was almost over anyway. He really didn’t want to cause any trouble for his fathers or the rest of the Avengers. He was in enough trouble himself.
Tony smiled. “Actually, I found one that I think you’ll like. It’s called Marvel High. It’s not too far from the tower, it’s a public school like you wanted, and it offers a high quality education.”
“JARVIS, where are my dads,” he called out to the AI beginning to panic a little.
“You’ll be better. Just promise me you won’t give your mother a heart attack, okay? No saving the universe until college.”
Peter shrugged. Wade seemed to be prepared to be his actual bodyguard if he asked, and most of the kids backed off after the principal’s announcement.
Natasha glared daggers at Clint. “You’re a god damn idiot, Clint. Thor is huge; he isn’t even normal human sized. Also, he’s a god. We don’t even know how strong he actually is. He definitely can lift Hulk.”
Also I suck at chapter names sorry.
Peter sat up and glared at Alex. “I don’t want a family! I’m better off one my own. Besides, it’s not like they’d want me after they met me…” His anger turned into sorrow.
The feeling itself was nice. It felt like floating on a cloud, never having to come down. But when he remembered the reason for the feeling, that he was crushing on a man whose real name he didn’t even know, it came crashing down. In a sense, at least.
Tony had a heart condition. He had a heart condition, and he was in pain. He had been in pain all past week, and Steve had debated with him on the phone, as well as in person. He was such a fool.
Steve could feel a slight blush creeping its way up his cheeks. Tony avoided eye contact, but Steve could see his face redden as well. He definitely did feel the same way about Tony, as he did about Iron Man. And just now he realized that he still acted like a hopeless teenager in love, like he did weeks ago. This wasn’t going to progress, if he didn’t do something.“You know,” Steve started, “I like you, and nothing can change that. Even if you could potentially die the next day.  Anything could happen to us at any moment in this crazy world we live in, but that’s the exact reason why we should take risks. And- and I feel like we have something good going on. Mutual respect and all that. And so I feel like we could make it work. It wouldn’t be easy, but is anything worth it if you don't work for it?”
The next day he immediately took the kittens to the vet. According to the veterinarian, they were all slightly or incredibly underweight. One of them, the smallest of the bunch, had the worst condition. It had fleas, like all of the other kittens, too, but apparently those had worsened its condition more. A black and white colored kitten had an eye infection, but fortunately it could be treated with the right eye drops.
After some pondering he finally decided to just observe Iron Man and his behavior. Steve knew how to read him well. He could spend the whole next day looking at Iron Man, taking notes, and maybe hopefully getting to know his stance on a relationship. He didn’t need to rush things.
He sounded… off. Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but Tony’s voice didn’t sound like his usual self, when he answered, “Good morning, Tony Stark speaking.” To be honest, Steve still couldn’t quite read Tony’s voice well. Usually he could tell how someone was feeling solely based on their voice, but with Tony he couldn’t do that. Still, something felt weird.
"Is he always like that?"
"Did you know?" Bruce asked. "He's pretty far along for you to not have."
“I don’t like where you're going with this.”
“You wound me my love.”
"The Lady’s left tit!"
Clint’s shoulders heaved in a heavy breath. “I know.”
Clint rolled his eyes and leaned back setting his hands on the rock behind him. “What brings you out here?”
Bruce set the spoon down. “Soups done.”
Steve needed to punch something. Tony had stopped him before it happened earlier.
“Renovations?” Clint drawled tilting the ‘For Sale’ sign with his weight.
Steve hushed him. “No need to worry, Tony. We are all loyal to you.”
The next morning at breakfast Clint smelled strongly of sex and sat smugly with a tea balanced on his belly and his legs kicked up on the fourth seat Jarvis sat at. Bruce blushed unwilling to ask but Tony had no qualms about such things.
Thor took his hand and allowed Bruce to help him up though given how Bruce wasn’t given a chance to pull it was more for show than anything else.
"I turn into a giant green rage monster every time I shift." Bruce explained.
"May I say something personal, Captain Rodgers?"
“And I you, lonely angel.” Tony didn’t move. “He is here right?”
“You read my mind.”
"Tree branch," Tony answered flapping his hand and dismissing Steve once again. He turned to Thor and placed a hand on his chest tender. "Do you feel something?"
“I'm sorry my friend.” Steve said.
Bucky leaned against a tree and stuffed his thumb in his pants. “You can barely walk. The babes might want out too early and what would happen then?”
“We’ll do a pencil test to see if you can maintain human grip pressures,” Tony said handing him a pencil. Bucky took it and he could almost but not quite feel the charcoal and wood beneath the metal.
“We can go to America!” Thor said excitedly.
“Jarvis can do everything except washing.” Tony said. “Anyway, let’s just pay our way and start the renovations.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “That’s no more than a decade older. You’re just dramatic.”
Natasha stared at him. “What happened?”
"Keep your fornicating in your rooms. I built and bought this place and I would like to not see my pack mate sucking cock in the parlor," Tony said snidely his voice fading as his steps receded upstairs.
Bruce snorted and the movement broke his peace. He pulled his head off Thor’s shoulder and unwound himself mirroring Thor’s posture. “God, no. I just don’t like talking about the uglier things with you.”
Steve grabbed his hand and dragged towards the door of the basement. “It’s late and I want to go to bed.” Steve grumbled.
“I’ll be fine by my next round.”
“He also hurt our pack. We need to heal before we get him.”
Bruce opened his mouth for the next medical question, but Tony held up a finger to stop him.
“Enjoy,” Steve said leaving the room. It was time for him to put on pants.
“Did you like being on the road Bruce?”
“I had questions too.”
"You sure?"
Thor went for a hunt and Tony created a small fire where the living room used to be. They sat and ate in relative silence in the carcass of their home. Tony stared up through a hole in the roof at the cloudy gray sky.
"Congratulations!" Clint exclaimed slapping him on the back. "That must be a relief."
“Absolutely disgusting, Mr. Barton. I could see straight down to your stomach and,” Tony squinted. “Dear Lady, there’s a bug in there!”
Stane kept the hand on his neck with just enough pressure to make it nearly impossible to move and his other hand traveled down to Tony’s belt. No.
“Steve,” Tony said through bloody teeth.
Clint preened. "Why thank you. Bruce nearly had an episode, but Mr. Stark just laughed until he couldn't laugh anymore."
Mate saw.
“Steve!” Tony shouted his voice cracking over the syllable.
Sam threw up his arms. “Okay! Fine. Are we going to fight?”
“It’s alright, Tony. Get some rest. We’ll wake you up for the meal.”
Bruce tilted his head accepting the kiss. He always did get caught in Thor’s whirlwind. Then he patted his shoulder and pushed away.
“He’s got good hands.”
Bucky pushed himself up onto his elbows. "Is that what it's called?"
"What kind of crowd? We have an omega with pups on the way, Mr. Stark." Bruce stressed.
Steve, Sam and Bucky left leaving the room quieter than usual.
“He’s at war and I thought I’d buy a home to furnish before our pups come.” Tony lied placing a hand over his belly making sure to pooch it out.
Natasha took his hand. "You gave Clint a home and shelter. We are indebted to you, Mr. Stark."
“You’re welcome, love.”
“Wha—”
"The ocean."
Bucky stabbed at potatoes off of Clint’s plate then gestured with them while answering. “We have but you, dear brother, were in one of your moods.” He placed them in his mouth to make the point.
Steve was looking at him eyes wide and trustful. Tony couldn’t finish. He had so many plans. The first was not getting expelled for creating a fight club. The second was seeing all his friends financially stable and happy. The third was to climb the political ladder until he was in a high ranking position and redesign the entirety of the USA. A lot more complicated than the first two but also relied heavily on the first two so that he would still be a viable candidate for senate with no record of arrest. Which is what happened once he was expelled for creating a fight club.
"Three people are, if you would like to join." Tony offered taking another sip of his drink.
"I missed my pack leaving," Steve said crowding into Mr. Stark's space.
"I left after my husband’s accident." Tony said clearly for Clint and Bruce. Clint leaned back and waited. Bruce's shoulders lost their tension. They now knew what to say. "I'm still not sure what you're implying."
Thor sat in a corner of their room watching with his brow’s furrowed listening to their conversation.
All three of the prefects turned and looked Bruce up and down. Tony took him by the shoulder and awkwardly turned him around so their backs were to the prefects. “Look, my dear friend. You can be my body guard but that’s a last resort kind of deal, we are trying preventative measures.”
“What?”
“…At least I’ve been able to finish my college course work and I’ve finished all possible assignments I could have for the next month in all my classes but the never ending sense of boredom is what is truly driving me mad,” Tony whined.
“I built it.”
“I rejected Lord Thor.” Bruce said. “Because the last time I had an alpha I killed my entire pack including…” he didn’t finish. Tony whimpered. “I was cursed because I tried to create the perfect soldier and succeeded. The Father came down and slaughtered my work then turned to me and said That anger you hold is not where it should be. Do not tread where you are not wanted, little omega. The pack leader came in and beat me until I saw red. Then I saw only blood and heard her screams then nothing else.”
her but nothing more nefarious than actual bigotry… Sam was looking at her expectantly.
“The truth is you’re wrong. About everything. I am a pretty awful human being.” Tony told him his words quiet and echoed hideously around the library’s lobby. He hobbled away faster unable face whatever Steve’s pretty puppy dog face would say about that.
“What happened?” Tony asked pressing fingers to Clint’s pulse.
“The fuck?” Stane grunted.
Tony laughed. “I was in the hospital and my parents didn’t even come to visit. They can not possibly think that will work.”
“We need to tell them.”
"Are you planning on courting me?" Tony said without looking. He was still naked not seeing the use for propriety when he was going to be shifting again so soon.
Clint woke from a haggard cough and saw Tony staring sightless over him. His lungs hurt and he felt a hole in his heart. Clint had failed his leader once again. Clint reached out and Tony took his hand.  "I have lost your children once again."  Tony set his hand on his cheek.  "Shh... it was an act of malice. 'Twas not your foolery." "I have never been snuck up on, if I had just moved faster or heard..." Clint turned his head into Tony's abdomen. "I'm so sorry." "Your children weigh upon you and your senses, little omega. It's not your fault. I do not blame you."  "You should." Clint said his voice barely heard muffled by Tony's shirt.  "I will never. You are mine and I am yours. Your mistakes are mine and I see this as no mistake."  Clint peeked up. Tony was looking right at him his eyes kind but tired.  "I believe you." Clint said. "Come you must rest."  Tony began combing Clint's short locks once again. "Soon. Just not yet."  Clint hummed exhaustion pulling at his eyelids. Sleep over took him.
Steve flushed. The noises that kept him awake the night before suddenly becoming crystal clear. “I see you had a wonderful evening.” He said dry.
Tony laughed. "Oh, I am aware Captain Rogers."
“Bucky,” Steve said.
“No.”
“What do we do then?” Bruce asked. Tony noticed he’d been a little more dreamy than usual. He was small and thin coming up to the height of 5’5’’ and he had nice little pouty lips so when he was dreamy they tended to part instead of purse. Tony considered dreamy Bruce peak jailbait and he wasn’t happy about. Bruce must be protected.
"It'll fill the time." He said backing away he turned, and Steve caught the slightest glimpse of a small smile.
“He’s an omega, Steve.”
“Oh!” he intoned. Tony grasped Natasha’s neck and their bond slid back to place. His hand slid down and over to Sam’s shoulder the connection tightening. Steve felt something strengthen in him over Tony’s reaffirmation of their pack status.
Tony sighed dramatically. “Fine. You wretch.”
"Mr. Stark then," the other man said stepping into the office. "I'd like to introduce myself under better circumstances given last night’s catastrophes."
Bucky pushes himself off the pillar to come and lean against Steve his head resting on the mans shoulder. Steve breathed him in and something minuscule took root and calmed.
"More," Bruce whispered. Thor smiles against his neck and Bruce felt his teeth against his skin. Mate. Thor pulled away and Bruce took the opportunity to pull off his clothes.
"Ask another." Tony said as a peace offering. Wasn't like he couldn't lie. Or twist truths.
Tony choked, Clint covered his chest ineffectively with his hands, Bucky set down his fork so he could rub his forehead and Bruce appeared to reach another realm with how glassy his eyes were at that very moment. Steve’s fork clinked against his plate as he continued eating around Tony’s coughing fit and everyone’s sudden astonishment.
“Correct.”
“Much too long. Food tastes better when eaten with friends,” he shouted.
James Buchanan Barnes"
They exchanged looks and the taller of the two answered. “You wouldn’t happen to know about the Stane and Hammer pack massacre that happened oh about three days ride from here.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “I can see your smile, evil devil.”
Tony clutched his chest. “I feel it happening. The shadowy cloud of death when youth is around.”
"I think we shall try later little fox."
“Look there’s a snitch telling the prefects where the fights are happening. We’ve been lucky that they only come after the second round but they’ve been getting earlier and earlier…”
“Stane’s coming isn’t he?” Clint said.
The days then weeks passed and nothing much changed, Bruce stayed in the carriage accepting of the quiet ride with Tony ambling around as a wolf choosing paths that fit his whimsy. When night followed the setting sun Tony would find a prey or two bring them back and hand them over to Bruce to cook. He'd shift back, and they'd talk. About alchemy, metal work, the last things they heard from science journals back when they had such things. When the conversation would run out Tony would play find the planet with Bruce. (He was not particularly good at it which was why Bruce always won.) then they'd sit in comfortable silence with only the fire, Jarvis' eternal clicks and Dummy's sleepy wheel spins for company. They passed through towns, Tony keeping quiet and Bruce looking warily for a pack before they'd head out again, sleeping on hard ground and under the stars, insects, dirt, no bed...Tony hated it.
“Bucky and I had a fight,” Clint sniffled.
"Where are we going?" Bruce asked the next morning as Tony finished strapping items to his mechanical cart.
Steve turned to Tony for an answer, but Tony was still taking in the gray sky. It was that color a year ago when he committed the act of murder and left Stane Mansion. Maybe he’d never have to step foot there again. It was nigh on three, maybe four months away. Bruce was growling under his breath and Tony broke out of his thoughts long enough to put a calming hand on the man’s shoulder.
“T-t-tony St-s-stark.”
Natasha’s face broke. Sam felt a horrible pang of guilt as her expression opened into shock and sadness.
“Tony,” Stane replied taking Tony’s hand. It was cold and Tony suddenly remembered being in his father’s office just after the funeral. Cold hands possessively on his neck telling him that they had it all under control. He didn’t have to worry about a thing. The hand tightened in his and he was pulled forward. Tony was forced to meet his eyes. They glowed with the change. No. Tony felt bile rise in his throat. No. Stane let his cane fall to the ground. Tony weakly tried to pull his hand out of the other man’s grip. Stane gripped his hair and tilted his head baring his head. No. Tony felt Stane’s nose against his pulse.
“I thought that was the plan.”
"Your alpha must have been rich to the point of insanity, Mr. Stark. I cannot believe you are in search of a pack."
“You can’t go, and I can’t leave you.”
"When was your last period?" Bruce asked clinical as always.
“Ow…”
“Seven and thirty years, fights those words.”
They walked in silence for a breath. Bucky sniffing right on Clint's heels. Clint ignored him for the time being.
Clint was curled up on one of the top branches of the maple trees that were scattered across the quad. He tapped his pencil against his notebook deeply troubled by how hard his algebra 2 homework was. Three equation solving things… He couldn’t tell X from Z. Clint banged his head with his notebook. He understood physics. He understood geometry. It’s what made him so good at archery but god forbid he touches more complex algebra. He put that notebook away and pulled out his history book. At least it was just boring not infuriating.
“Aye! It was I that let the poor man’s secret out.” Thor shouted sadly.
"You're pregnant," Tony repeated smacking Clint outside the head. "And you've been drinking."
"I'm going to throw something at him." Tony said aloud. Dummy beeped in his bag and the faint whirr of his little wheels gave his point. Whatever that point may be. Tony never knew.
Dummy was rolling around picking up clothes thrown about the yard. Jarvis followed behind plucking them dutifully out of his claw. Steve sighed and put the tray on the back porch. He meticulously took off his clothes folding them on the porch next to the untouched food.
Bruce stared at Tony who wasn’t meeting his eyes.
Natasha held up a hand. “I like what I like to do.”
“No problem. See you later?” he asked. Natasha looked into his large brown hopeful eyes and her mouth moved before her brain came to the conclusion.
Tony whirled around and stumbled. Man, concussions suck. “Hey, Rogers. I heard you heroically cradled me to your chest.”
Bruce was groping his belly and pressed an ear to it. “The fetuses sound healthy and though his lungs sound weak they’re getting stronger. Just keep him out here.”
"And maybe your sex," the alpha amended. Tony's hackles raised, and he let loose a snarl. The pack slowly inched closer and Tony waited until they were close enough to bite. Jarvis would be fine if the knife touched him. Bruce...should...where was Bruce? Tony's eyes scanned but found him held by one of the bandits. Five. Shit. There are guns three feet away if he could just...
“The same man you called stupid.”
Natasha and Tony were in a glare off. It was broken up by Bruce.
“Clocks.”
Steve stood up and grabbed Stane by his shirt collar dragging him out of the room. He shut the door behind them.
Tony tangled their fingers together and swung their hands between them. “Of course, Rogers, gotta have that beauty sleep.”
Bruce nodded. “I’ll make you a promise,” Bruce said.
“NO.” He snarled voice distorted. Tony looked up from his fist and two his eyes where the pupils were narrowing into slits and his hair grew shaggier.
Bruce opened his mouth several times before placing his head in his hands. "This entire endeavor has been cursed from the get go. I told Tony, two omegas aren’t a pack and here we are. Where is Tony?" Bruce asked breaking out of his 'woe is me' monologue.
"Three months ago, during my heat." Clint admitted.
“Kill bad man,” His voice snarled snagging on his vocal cords.
“Oh, no.”
“I approve of their mating.” Tony said his voice only a breath. “It is the memory of mine that has shaken me so.”
"I'm surprised you wake so late." Clint shook himself then started to tie himself back in awkwardly reaching under his belly.
“Tony did you see where Bruce was?” Steve asked.
Steve watched Tony pace his words tripping over themselves as he went on and on about probable events and unlikely futures.
Bucky had to move his entire being to get the arm position right because it didn't feel natural against him given that it was strapped on with leather and the area around the amputation branded with runes. He shakily but delicately copied the the shapes.
He was just smarter than the system he was brought up into. He was also supposed to be graduating college but the government refused to let him not finish high school so at seventeen in his final year already taking tests for a doctorate because he’s been doing high school and college at the same time and still has extra time to create an underground fight club and befriend a few disadvantaged individuals.
Clint patted his back before his eye caught something and he waddled off. The two pups sat heavily on his frame but failed to impede his restless nature as Bruce often found him coming home with a buck around his shoulders or a pile of fish that reached near sky high. Tony would find him plastering wall while Jarvis failed to stop him or teaching Dummy how to clean struggling to even bend down. Bruce clutched his head not finding the energy to stop him from wandering off.
That escalated quickly.
Steve nodded his head oddly understanding. Though from what Tony had picked up from their short two year stint (Steve was drafted into the football team during Sophomore year) he didn’t like bullies and thought the best way to keep peace at the repressed testosterone school for jack asses was to be a prefect. It wasn’t his fault that he happened to be a police man. Not at all.
Tony swallowed. “Yes.”
"And I, that wandering hand." Tony replied slyly. "Where's your horrid companion?"
Steve dropped his fork and covered his mouth, Tony turned and caught the edges of delight in his eyes. “I love them!” he said.
Bucky froze deeply uncomfortable. He flexed his shoulders. “Not yet.”
"My balance is shot all to hell, Barnes, that's unfair advantage if I've ever heard one."
"I'm afraid I don't follow."
“You’ve seen him, right?”
Bucky scrubbed a hand through his hair. “The top weapons manufacturer suddenly stopped and when the weapons began to malfunction, our trade became a hand to hand combat.”
“I’m his property Captain Rodgers.”
"Where'd those come from?" Steve asked worried. Thor had never gotten injured in battle and Steve had seen him get hit nearly point blank with a rifle.
Tony grimaced. “Yeah.”
"He also believes that I need to return to my homeland and procreate."
Bruce felt too at peace in the murmur of the rain to let open ended accusation get to him. “Yeah.”
Bucky smiled and followed him.
Tony caught Steve’s eye. Steve shook his head. Tony nodded. “Let’s say hello then.”
The other man sat up and leaned against a pillar. "You seemed to have answered that for yourself, Steve."
“Ah so you've lost your toys.” Sam said a wry grin shaping his words.
When he turned back relived to see The Three Bitches just a few hundred yards away. Steve was bright pink. "I see."
Tony turned to Steve and made a faux apologetic expression. “Sorry, dear angel, I need a prince in my life.”
“Just think of it, Bruce’s cooking wafting from the kitchen, Clint taking orders and giving the men their drinks. I’m taking money and helping people with their luggage. It’s perfect.”
“Oh, young green angel.”
Then with a small tick an automaton walked out from around a corner. "Good morning, Captain Rodgers and Lieutenant Barnes," it greeted.
“I love thunderstorms,” Bruce agreed. “You can’t feel the rain safely though.”
They huddled together in the stable away from the rain the smell of smoke still stinging their nostrils. Tony sat hard against the ground and Clint fell much softer against him. He needed comfort. Bucky was good but he knew that he needed…Tony carded his fingers through Clint’s hair and his lips pursed in a silent shushing noise. “Be well.” He placated.
It didn’t feel finished. Tony felt that something was incomplete. It came to him through memories for his biology did not allow instinct to tell him what it was.Tony grabbed Bucky’s hair and bared his neck in submission. He felt their tether take hold. There. It was completed. He released the alpha. Bucky’s hand snapped to his neck and an inhuman growl reverberated through him. Tony turned and didn’t look back. “We are done then.”
Steve paced outside of Bucky’s room uneasy. The little tavern while colored warm and smelling comfortingly of omega made his skin itch and something unsettle. It felt like a chair that creaked too loudly and a door that opened without being touched. It might have been the war coming at his heels, but it was not that, it only came in the dead of night. Steve had been trying to pin it on the unfortunate circumstances that led to them in the tavern. The feral shifters attack, not an ounce of humanity left, the mysterious omega of Bucky’s that shows up pregnant and kills three men with a bow, the devilish omega in the woods. That couldn’t be it. He just knew he needed to leave. Find solid ground again. Where? He didn’t know but surely not a place that called itself The Three Bitches.
Tony frowned. "I thought they were odorless."
Jarvis was a staple in the living room sitting on the brick chimney that was relatively untouched. When asked why he wasn’t moving by a worried Clint, Tony answered, “He insisted the house be fixed first.”
Clint flicked his forehead. “I thought you knew better than to listen to me.”
Bruce stopped in his place. “We could leave right now, Mr. Stark.”
Bucky let him go and they helped each other up.  Clint had to pause breathing heavily a hand on his large belly. Bucky held him up feeling his weight.
Tonys eyes focused on a snowflake and he remembered the idea he had. The spark of interest. The rush.
“I’ll be watching Blonsky?” Steve asked.
“Hmm?”
That surprised him enough to actually stop. “Yeah?”
Tony stood toe to toe with him. They were nearly the same height. “How did Captain Rodgers, respond?”
Clint snorted heading back to his washing bucket. "There's several towns in either direction on the road. It never occurred for you to stop in one? Accommodations are cheap and considering you're all clearly military or militia they might have even let you sleep for free."
Tony felt something burst in his chest. The entire pack was around him hugging and greeting. Catching up talking in minute touches. There was a solidification he had not felt since…ever. He turned and caught Steve’s eye. The other man was looking at him his eyes red and watery. He felt it too.
Bucky shrugged. "You could start by eating your meals with us."
“Was alright until an insatiable devil came along,” Steve answered sitting on his heels. “What brings you to the woods at night?” Why are you ordering my pack around?
“Why are you here? I thought you joined the American based militia group.”
“Socialist.”
“Yes.”
“I have missed you my mate.” Thor said his face into Bruce’s neck.
“They were stolen.” Bucky said shutting him down. “We need to find shelter and regroup. Then get them back.”
“I love you despite the mess.” She leaned down and kissed his forehead. “Continue your clothes washing. We’ll return by dusk.”
Tony nodded. “We need at least three more fight nights. If we get caught again the better. No one comes to ask for money once it’s gone.”
Clint gave him a strained smile. "Nice to meet you too, Captain."
"I lost Jarvis and Dummy because I smelled the alpha and he's still looking for them."
Bucky wiped his hand through his fur and laughed through choked words. “His eyes opened.”
“I need to go to town,” Steve said aloud. Bucky and Clint looked at him. He had not been aware that he’d been joined in the parlor. Especially by the couple who for the life of him he could not find untwined in the throes of passion.
“Who’s this?” Tony asked.
“It could be money?”
“There’s a couple of important words your missing but I’m sure you can find them.” Clint said settling in between Bucky’s legs. Bucky wrapped his arm around Clint and leaned his head on his shoulder.
Thor's huge hand slapped down on Steve's shoulder. "That is right my friend." He then bounded after her. Steve stayed on the stairwell watching his pack enter the double doors of the restaurant. He would have to do pack delegations with a man he'd barely seen because of something Bucky did. Actually, now that he thought about it. This was par for the course. He straightened and headed in.
“Well yeah.” Clint said.
"I do."
Hammer sighed and dropped the gun next to Stane. Stane grabbed the gun.
“You killed a man over your toys!” Bucky shouted.
“That’s what I’m saying. We should just leave.”
“Your wounds,” Thor started.
“You know what you did.” Bucky said his footsteps receding up the stairs.
“Well one,” Tony said counting on his fingers, “Fuck you. Two, we’ve been running this for two fucking years so, yes we did have everything under control. It’s just whoever the fuck thought it was a good idea to give the pervert TA from hell a roll of quarters to beat me with is an unknown and I know everything. Three—” Tony reached for his garbage bin and vomited.
“Oh.”
Outside Obadiah Stane stood bracketed by two brutish looking alphas. He was in his late fifties and was coldly handsome. He stood hands on a cane and broad shoulders held out in a facsimile of relaxed. There were two other alphas sitting still shifted into hulking black and brown wolfs. They stared straight ahead. Natasha and Sam were nowhere to be seen. Tony swallowed. Steve stood just behind him, his body radiating heat. You’re safe, it seemed to say. Tony certainly hoped so.
Clint sat on Bucky's lap his hips grinding him through his clothes. Bucky's hand wrapped around his neck pulling him into a kiss.
Rogers stepped back and grabbed Thor to pull him back too. The relief was overwhelming and Bruce was able to breath again as his cage opened up.
“It’s starting to sound like you like me Steve.” Tony said clutching the robotics book as a shield.
Tony stood an held out his hand. “Introduce yourself then.”
“Dummy’s so annoying. He’s going to kill him first just to stop his whining.”
“No one wants to kick your ass.”
He looked over the edge. Tony was half in a creek his hand scratching vigorously at his neck. Steve shifted. “Tony?”
Tony rolled his eyes turning to walk into the kitchen ahead of him. "Must you take all the fun away?"
“The one with your angry eyebrows and hair is Natalia. The others who's trying to eat his foot is Steven Anthony. We've been been calling him Stevie.”
Clint smiled. “I’m so happy you’re okay.”
"You'd be correct." Tony said.
Thor lowered his flashlight. “What are you doing out here? Are you in danger?”
Tony looked down at himself. “It would seem that I am naked.”
“All they’ve done since coming in is doubt and belittle us,” Bruce whispered back.
Bucky hummed appropriately. "Do you like your friends?"
Clint clenched his jaw. “Okay.”
. She heard another body sit close to her and open their own book. She continued reading with more ferocity. When someone pulled this shit she had to look more fearsome. More intimidating. More…masculine.
Tony’s head drooped and his blood continued drip down to his collar. He was on fire. Please. His heat… it can’t…
"Oh, he’s aware." Bucky said coolly.
“No.” Bruce, Tony, Thor and Steve said with varying levels of lie.
“Look. I want you. I want to spend time with you again. I’m sorry I overreacted and shoved you away.”
Steve's foot collided with the back of Tony's knee and he fell forward before catching himself on uneven feet.
Tony’s head whipped around so fast he scraped it along the bottom of the tree. His ears perked, and his eyes slid behind Steve. His tail thumped nervously. Steve licked his lips.
Tony laughed it was a raw unkempt thing that sent razor blades along Steve’s spine. Steve sat up and saw Tony stuffing his hands in the creek. His body was shuddering as if snow were falling upon his bare skin.
Tony turned and gave a false smile. He’d been told it was beautiful once. “My legal alpha may be dead but my actual alpha I can not tell the plans of.”
Clint squinted at him. “Do you know how many times someone’s stolen my hearing aids?”
Thor and Bruce squinted at the mad man holding out his hand as if he expected Thor to just hand it over instantaneously.
Bucky looked horrified. “Oh.”
"And what happened next?" He asked taking a long gulp.
Bruce sat tenderly into the chair across from Tony. "He came to the kitchen late last night and I made him food. I don't know how these boarding houses, taverns or whatever are run so I thought it was the right thing to do. So, I made him food, he complimented me, and then asked of my profession and once his plate and half a weeks’ worth of chicken stew was gone he kissed my hand and went up to bed."
“You will. At the moment you need to know that we are and will stand by your decisions.”
“Either come in or I’ll knock you dead, Steve,” Bucky growled from his room breaking Steve from his downward spiral of thoughts. He walked in and tried not to smell at the stench of fornication and Bucky’s body covered in a very specific type of bruise.
"I thought we were a pack." Bucky said.
Steve scrubbed his face. “Or he’s been squirreling it away with out telling them for some reason.”
Stane chuckled. “Only you would find an insolent omega to befriend.”
“I—I.”
“Look at what you did,” Natasha scolded.
Steve felt the floor drop beneath him. “I think I’d like to rest between your thighs.”
“I don’t know why he’s so mad. They’ve been fucking for nearly three weeks now and the man is already as pregnant as can be their fornicating can wait at the moment.”
“Our plan was to leave them for the birds, but you’re right bury them we shall,” Sam said drolly. Clint tucked his hand into his elbow and brought his arm up. Natasha laughed.
“Fatigue?”
Steve set down his papers and charcoal turning fully to look at Tony. “I don’t hate you.”
“Dummy is vehicularly challenged, I take offense.”
“Good guessing, observant angel,” Tony said. He called for Clint to come. “Go to the warehouse, take Jarvis with you.”
"Amazing."
"Then West. It seems to be brighter than here." Tony amended.
“It does seem rather unlikely, Sir.” Jarvis intoned from the carriage.
“You…know of the fights that happen.” Thor stated.
"What do we do?" Clint asked unaware of Steve's entrance. "Is he going to--"
"I brought food." Steve said back tracking to the plate.
Doctor Banner seemed to snap out of his daze and held out his note pad and pen.
Silence.
“Everything hurts.” Clint said. “I let them get away again.”
Steve absently touched the scratch across his cheek. He didn't even feel the itch of dried blood, he couldn't tell if it was the cold or the overwhelming numbness of his mates despair.
Clint tilted his head thinking. “What do I get if I split the arrow in half?”
“You just want sex.” Clint closed his history book and placed it back into his back pack zipping it all up. He wasn’t getting any homework done today.
The pack has helped them as much as they could given that babies require their carriers milk and not much else for quite awhile. Tony didn't continue.
"Or," Clint added pulling himself out of the chair with great effort. "A man like Tony Stark tricked you and was so secretive you thought wooing him might lead you to the information you seek."
Thor pulled Bruce into a hug. “As long as there’s always a later, little omega.”
Steve groaned.
Steve snorted. “You a commie?”
“He called me a fucking idiot.” Clint cried around a mouth full of chunky monkey.
“I would want to not piss myself,” Clint grunted. Bucky shrugged. He had one of those feelings, he gained from seeing children with their parents from a distance that all forms of pride and respect died when children were born. He should have pushed that expectation for when the pregnancy started. He and Clint hobbled to the edge of the woods so the other man could relieve himself. Clint groaned with relief.
“We fixed the window,” Natasha informed him.
“Steve,” Tony said. Steve didn’t move and the magic was pouring over his body keeping him barely in his skin.
Bruce smiled. Why Bruce no mate? What are we doing wrong?
"Doctor Banner underestimates me." Steve said.
“What the fuck do you mean?” Bucky said snapping at him. “He murdered someone because they broke his toys.”
“We’ve been shitting in their backyard for the last couple of months.” Tony answered.
"My apologies let us compete with who has the best aim.” Clint amended.
"I bed you, then in the course of mating you, sultry devil."
Tony couldn’t look at him and the air caught in his lungs. The Lady’s voice ringing in his head. Did he trust this man? He heard Steve walk closer and crouch down in front of him. Warm hands on his legs finally gave him the ability to look at the other man. He smiled wanly.
"Hm?" Tony tasted salt on his lips. "Oh dear." He said wiping at the tears. "I'll be in my workshop tidying up." Tony fled the room quickly more out of sheer embarrassment than anything else.
“I think you should cut your losses.” Steve said.
"You're right. That arch I performed to suck your cock two nights ago was but a dream. Of course, you'd forget."
“Right under my rib cage.” Clint said.
“I love you, dear.”
Clint waved it away. “It’s fine. Nothing compared to Nat or Bruce.”
"I think it's lovely," Steve said. "I love how precise the lines are."
Thor laughed. Laughed. “That pack must not have been your pack. We have not seen Him until he felt threatened. My guess is that he recognizes us as your pack.”
"Or creates it."
Steve studied Tony, the man was trying to appear relaxed.
“Bleeding devil.”
“Hammer.” Thor answered.
"You do know you're naked right?" Bucky said breaking through Steve's reverie. He was near violent with anger once again.
“Only three more fights then we are done.”
Clint shook his head. "None of that matter except that pack of alphas also contains this alpha," he said gesturing to his belly.
Clint gently patted Bucky's cheek. “You aren't you're making sure you get to stay here and see what Thing one and Thing two end up looking like when their thirty.”
Bucky nodded taking the few steps to the counter and placing his own elbow on it. He mirrored Clint, making the man smile.
Tony’s eyes lit up. “Yeah, I’m currently getting my PhD in Engineering but after that I’m planning on trying to run for a government position and getting another degree in polisci…”
“What’d he say,” Natasha asked.
Clint relaxed into him shifting his legs so not all his weight sat on them and letting Bucky take his bulk.
“I killed five people, tonight.”
“Apparently the two to five hundred you’ve been told you’ve been making is more like twenty to fifty grand.”
"I might. So, me and you, omegas in the wild."
Bruce blushed and seemed to leave the conversation all together to hide his face. Bucky inched behind him to stand next to Clint.
“You could be my boyfriend?”
“The pleasure is all mine!” Thor greeted squeezing them within an inch of their life. Once they were released and had steadied themselves from the force of Thor, Steve found the question he’d been lost to ask.
Clint smiled at him. “Good ol Bruce.”
Clint smacked his forehead. “I wasn’t supposed to say that.”
"Tony," he said gently.
.” Tony said again.
They were silent soaking in the shared experience of what ever the fuck that was.
Clint flinched when he heard the back door open. Tony must be pissed. Clint turned in his chair behind the front desk where he'd been flicking bread crumbs into Bucky's mouth. Bruce has wandered down to the kitchen with a small stutter to his step earlier. Thor following behind him happy and small waves of sparks coursing under his skin. Bruce didn't look either of them in the eye, but he also hadn't bothered to hide the large hickey on his neck.
Bruce laid the pie tops over the filling and pressed them together. “I will enjoy our time together, won’t you?” Bruce said turning to look at Thor and found himself caught in a kiss. Oh. Bruce’s bones melted into the floor. Oh.
“Tony, you good to go?”
T’Challa scratched his chin. “That’s four different corners of the school.”
"You maybe, I on the other hand have a pack."
Sam’s brows pulled together before shooting to his hairline. “The automatons.”
Thor sat back on his hands setting his wide shoulders close to Bruce’s head and he took the invitation. Thor’s arms tensed then released. “There’s something sickening in an unmonitored fight. You saw what happened to your friend.”
They nodded and the conversation started once he left the room. Tony headed to the workshop. He had plans.
Steve licked his lips and looked heavenward asking for nonexistent help. “Of course, I was looking for you. I hate parties, you’re closed off and aloof and the only knowledge I have on you is from newspapers and gossip. You also have been making being a prefect increasingly hard on our sleep schedules for creating a fighting ring that ‘doesn’t exist’.”
Bucky shoved Steve away and then fixed his hair. “Fucking, Clint and his stupid exhibitionist kink.” Bucky muttered.
“He requested, and we said yes. You can come if you’d like.” Natasha said sharply. “We are leaving whatever you say.”
She sighed and opened the door to let all of them file in. Tony jerked awake and Bruce rolled out from under his bed fists up.
The fifth rubber band that hit the back of his neck had Tommy in a full rage. He flipped around just missing Tony sitting up tall and throwing his book open. The picture of innocence.
Tony turned to Bruce. “Put on the Land Before Time two.”
Bruce smiled and switched over to Tonys bench so that they could lean against each other. “At least we are wretch's together.”
Sam looked around Steve at Bruce who was standing demurely behind Thor. He waved. Sam’s expression being incredulous was an understatement.
“They will understand,” Steve assured.
“It's okay.”
"Welcome to The Three--" Bruce tried his face scrunching up. "The Three- I can't do it Clint. It might actually kill me to say the name of our establishment."
“I do,” Bucky said. Steve barely heard him. The smell of soup wafted along. Right. Food. Tony needed food.
Steve continued writing amending some details postmortem.
"Warehouse," Bucky answered then ate. "I do not care for his approval."
The alpha looked between his hand and back before taking it. “I am Captain Steven Rodgers and have just returned from our war out in the east.”
Steve nodded and they started once more.
“Where are we going?” Tony asked.
“You’re going to let him take you away.”
Steve clapped him on the back. “That you did.”
“Are you alright then?”
“So, did I! It was fucking creepy right?”
while on the bus to Tony listening to it on audio.
,” Steve continued, “people who know and like us and will speak to us.”
"The Lady must favor you or your other half would have over thrown you months ago."
“Why do you want to know?”
Clint slapped the table. “That’s sexist.”
“Yeah, I blew through the witchy castle one.”
Mr. Stark took Steve's hand. "I suppose now is when I should tell you that I'm on birth control and suppressants."
"Really?" Clint asked incredulous.
"And then?" He prompted.
"About the nine bodies," Sam started his voice gentle. "One of them was missing."
"You won't be saying that when you're sucking Captain Rodgers fat cock!!" Clint calls back leaning over the edge of the couch.
"A mirror to shave with," Bruce said scratching at his scruff. "I need to get rid of this creature before I slice my own face off shaving blindly."
Clint was slipping in and out of locker rooms getting groped and poked as he dropped some hints about where the next fight club was going to be. He batted his eye lashes at Fisk who slapped his ass a little too hard and ran right into Bucky. They smirked at each other. Bucky grabbed Clint’s arm and dragged him out behind the bleachers.
“Sure angel.” Tony said automatically.
"Then make yourself clear, Steve Rodgers."
“Gentle,” Stane snapped.
“Okay, Banner, who is it?” Rogers asked crossing his arms.
Tony walked up to him wiggling a finger. "Oh, no, no, no, your counterpart does not declare me pack and then have you run away. We are going to stay together the way true packmates should." Tony declared hands on his hips and chest out.
"What? No!"
Tony looked up and a blond head haloed in the candle light of his room looked down at his shame.
“We’ll take some of your lodging,” Steve answered. Clint looked away and grabbed Bruce by his shirt. "We'll be back in just a moment when your presentable." He muttered dragging the other man away to papers room.
“I’ll help. These last few months have been very boring and I needed something to spice things up.” T’Challa said. “I’ll ask some of my friends who are in the know as you would say.”
“He hadn't been dusting the last few weeks, Nat has been doing it.” Sam answered for him.
Hours later next to a river that ran not far from the road Bruce stared unashamed at Tony who refilled the steamer.
"Jarvis, I'm not done send them away." Tony said his voice muffled like he had something gripped in his teeth.
“That was you?” Bucky.
“Poor alpha, ya got there? Sure, you couldn’t use another?” the man said with a wink.
Natasha patted his back. Tony kept his head in the bin for too long embarrassed. He looked up. His vision blurred and he wiped his mouth and slowly regained his visage of being collected. Steve had the crinkle in his brow that made him look like a sad dog outside a window. Sam was looking at Bucky who was looking at Clint who was looking out the window. Bruce stood up.
“Aptly said,” he replied sitting next to him.
“There?” Thor asked his lips covering his throat and oh-so-close to biting down.
“Is that so? Maybe you’re just young to this old man.”
"You tricked me," Steve growled ignoring him.
T’Challa raised an eyebrow over his comic. “Yes?”
Steve was astounded. "I haven't been commissioned for art in, well over ten years."
Thor’s face closed up. “Were you part of that fighting ring?”
Steve’s face fell from the cheer of seeing his long lost friends back again. “It seems like you’re—”
Tony shrugged and reached down for more water, Jarvis coming up and helping him with his own jug. "You’re not a burden at all. The only one in the cart was Dummy before and he was getting rather lonely."
The entire house took less than a month for the holes to be fixed and the water to run properly. It still smelled of ash and their furniture was gone, so was most of the paint colors. It was much easier than when they first moved in because Tony had seven people to direct during repairs. The night the hole in the kitchen was closed and the stairs safe to go up and down, the pack sat down for a feast. Clint had caught two turkeys, Natasha and Sam went into town to grab some late season fruit and sell Tony’s clocks. They all sat around the table the couples paired off. Tony sat next to Steve and realized that this was the first time they had been so close in weeks. He took advantage leaning against him heavily.
“I told you I wouldn’t leave.”
“I don't know.” Tony said. “I put her together and she began to speak but I had also placed those runes in her. I do not know if it is consciousness I have created or…the lady has birthed.”
Tony’s eyes closed and he held unnaturally still for Steve to clean his neck. They sat in silence until Tony’s bite showed clean. There was a hard bruise where Tony had dug in for his ill-timed spell.
"It's a curse." Bruce blurted out his face drawn and pale.
“Talk like that again and I’ll cut out your tongue to prove a point.” She said.
Thor laughed and it bounced off the sky brighter than any lightning bolt. Bruce felt something warm cover him from head to toe. Just like that Thor’s presence became something a little more…One bidding war and two more fights then he was done.
Steve pulled away so that he could kiss Tonys tears.
Steve opened his eyes and smiled at Tony the light from the stars reflected in his eyes. “Listen.”
Tony looked up at him from under his lashes. "My last lover said the same, and from the frequency you drop the word I would think that you’re interested."
Clint smiled like the cat that got the mouse his blue eyes crinkling in a way they had not when they last met. "Lord Stark! I thought I recognized that ass."
"But..."
Tony laughed and gave him the broom. He left to check on Dummy who was cleaning up the hole in the kitchen.
"Am I going to die?" Clint asked.
Thor learned to cook with Bruce their body’s shifting closer and finding a rhythm in their movement. The house smelled of berries that Bruce had found either that day or the day before, because when asked, most frequently by Clint, he would make a pie of their choosing with out a second thought. Thor got used to Bruce’s smile, the crinkles in his eyes, the trembling in his hands when talking of his past and the sad smile that he held whenever he thought Thor wasn’t looking. Bruce found himself absolutely intrigued by Asgardian science as it related to that of people. They used runes in food for better health, runes on clothes for wounds, runes in wounds. He was intrigued. He had no magic at all in his pinky finger, but he pondered the possibilities of using Tony’s gifts to create such medical marvels. He knew Thor’s intent though and he could not help himself from circling ever closer to it.
Tony laughed. "Doctor Banner you dog. You’re an alpha lover. Should have known."
Tony chuckled then spun into a shift and was running towards the tavern once again. Steve tried to restrain from the chase. His smell still in his nose cloying with his senses and he was on all fours thick fur shifting with the wind as he ran afterwards. When the chase was started it did not end until a goal was reached. What goal that maybe he did not know. But chase he did.
"I require cheese," Clint said walking in. He nodded to Tony, which Tony returned.
“Clint,” Bucky said. In that word and one look, Clint got it.
Clint walked over and placed an hand on Steve's shoulder. "He did not ask your pack to lie to you. They will tell you what you want to know."
Tony turned to exchange a look with Jarvis. Hook, line and sinker. Tony Stark had a packmate. Even if he didn't know it yet.
“Are you—”
"Take care of yourself, little fox." She murmured giving him one more hug. "We'll talk more in the morning."
He fell back against the bed listening to them clank and jangle their way down the stairs. The bed quaked and Steve was up hands held up ready to fight.
"I figured." Clint said with a shrug. "Hated the man."
Christ. This was a clusterfuck. He needed to think.
"Lieutenant Barnes?" He called holding out the key.
“Oh no you don’t.” Bucky grunted pulling Clint up so they were facing each other. “You quick motherfucker. I let you get a thirty second head start and two hours later I finally find you. Gods. You’re supposed to be pregnant who said you could still have speed.”
“Come, I’ve made wide brooms to sweep out the ash.” Tony said distracting him.
Steve sat down his cup. “Too long.”
Tony was in his office playing with an intricate clock he was thinking of setting above the front desk. He should be looking into the payments of the pack staying with them but in all honesty, he didn't care. The house was paid for. Property tax could be covered if he sold his clocks to the market if it came to that. The babies’ room was completed at the same time he finished Clint's on the bottom floor. They were, for all intents and purposes, comfortable.
Bucky sighed. "Fine. I'll go pay."
The night sat high and the wind blew soft breezes comforting their heated thoughts.
Sam smiled. “That’s great.”
“I don't know.” Tony said. “I don't recognize signs but we've been together quite a bit and I ran out of birth control months ago.”
“He’s not in his room either,” he said, sounding slightly worried.
Iron Man stirred a little as Steve came near. “Hiya, Cap. How are you?”
In the midst of his thinking, Steve just realized that he was acting like a poor teenager in love. It was getting kind of ridiculous. He had to come up with some type of a plan. Because that’s what he always was, the man with a plan.
Iron Man turned his entire head towards Steve. Steve could see his blue eyes from beneath his helmet. The look he gave Steve was stern, serious. “I know you’re worried, but you can’t help me out with this one. If you really care about me, you’ll let this one go, alright?”
Tony Stark’s factory was huge. Steve had been there before, but it still never failed to impress him. There all the magic happened, and Tony’s wondrous inventions came to life.
They had named the kittens together to better keep count of them. Steve had tried to refrain from naming the kittens at first, because he didn’t want to get too attached to them, but when Iron Man suggested naming them, Steve couldn’t say no. Steve wasn’t too good with naming things, which is why Iron Man named most of the kittens. The names were nice in Steve’s opinion. Charlie, Dorothy, Ethel, and Walter were all charming names.
Steve couldn’t thank Tony enough. He probably didn’t even know how much seeing Iron Man meant to Steve.
- were tiring. It’s not that Steve didn’t like them, he understood that the little guys had gone through a lot and just wanted to live, but he still didn’t quite manage the whole parenting part of being a kitten owner.
He had many questions, but ultimately decided not to ask them. Iron Man probably didn’t want to answer any, anyway. Instead he decided to ask the one question he originally intended to ask, “Can I… Somehow help you out?”
Iron Man leaned closer. “They are small,” he continued. Steve nodded again. The kittens were indeed small. One of them even looked a bit too small for its own good. Steve wondered if these kittens had eaten anything for days.
He heard as Tony hummed. Steve wished that he could see Tony’s face, because the man was extremely expressive. Steve had noticed a long time ago that Tony had a way of hiding his emotions from his voice. He always had this certain type of tone from which one couldn’t easily distinguish any emotions. It may be due to all the politicians and businessmen he always has to work with. But his face was the opposite of his voice. At least to Steve. Tony's eyes were especially expressive.
Now, he wouldn’t say that he panicked over these kittens. Steve wasn’t exactly the type of man to panic over things. But the problem was that he didn’t know how to take care of these kittens. He was a strategist, a soldier, not a veterinarian. A litter of starving kittens wasn’t a problem he could fix with a couple of hits from his shield.
“I would’ve taken these to an actual veterinarian, but I’m afraid all the clinics are closed at this hour. Still, something had to be done, which is why I decided to call you. I trust you more than anyone else. And you are one of the smartest, most capable people I know. You know how to take care of a litter of kittens, right?”
“With me, most preferably.”
wanted to take care of and coddle Iron Man, Steve also wanted to respect him and his wishes.
“I found it,” Iron Man announced, as he walked back to the kitchen. He hadn’t been gone for that long, but Walter had already become restless again. Literally nothing could keep him down.
That seemed to shut Iron Man up. Steve wondered if he went too far. He wanted to say so many things to Iron Man at that moment, but decided against them. This wasn’t the time for any cheesy love confessions.
Steve jumped in his seat. Was he coming off as creepy? That wasn’t his intention.
“Why don’t you go see a doctor? I’m sure that would help more than just a junky machine,” Steve questioned, now more confused than ever.
“These are kittens,” Iron Man noted. Steve nodded. “Good observation.”
And so he had decided to call Iron Man, the one person he trusted the most. Or to be more specific, Steve first called his employer Tony Stark, because he didn’t actually know Iron Man’s number. He had always kept it a secret from everyone else for obvious reasons. Steve wasn’t even sure if Tony Stark would answer at this godforsaken hour, but like a miracle, he did. At first Stark sounded confused, but agreed to connect Steve’s call to Iron Man, after Steve declared an emergency. It was an exaggeration, of course, but he needed the help.
“Steve, I- I mean, I respect you. Wholeheartedly. You are one of my heroes and my biggest inspiration, and believe me when I say that I always trust your judgment-,”
“Aha, and what have I brainwashed you to do?”
Steve didn’t understand this at all. He would have liked to pick Iron Man up and personally drag him into a hospital. But Steve couldn’t force him to go, if he didn’t want to.
“Didn’t you leave it in the living area?” Iron Man noted, and set the can he had opened aside. Steve shook his head. “I have a super soldier memory, Shellhead. I know where I left it.” Despite his words, Steve was smiling at Iron Man. He couldn’t see Iron Man’s face, but he was hoping that Iron Man was smiling at him, too.
“What do you want to do?” He finally asked. Steve suppressed his growing smile.
is something he doesn’t quite know how to handle.
Iron Man handed Steve the eye drops. He nodded as a thanks, and then carefully took a hold of Walter’s head. Steve knew that the eye drops were mandatory and good for Walter’s health, but somehow actually giving him the drops always gave Steve anxiety. The kitten obviously didn’t understand what was going on, which is why it always tried to struggle free as Steve tried to hold it still and use the eye drops. Otherwise it wouldn’t be much of a problem, but Steve was just scared that he would one day accidentally hurt Walter. All of the kittens were smaller than the palms of Steve’s hands. It wouldn’t take much to hurt them.
Steve kind of regretted sending Jarvis on a vacation now. He obviously deserved it after helping with, well, everything in the mansion, but without him everything was a mess.
Now that Steve really thought about it, that was almost the complete opposite of Iron Man. His mask was completely stale, emotionless. No actual emotion could be read from it. His voice, though, was something else.
“I’ve missed them,” Tony admitted.
Steve still couldn’t help himself, and immediately bombed Tony with questions, “Is he okay? What is going on? Do you know where he is?”
“You know about the kittens?” Steve asked. Not outright suspiciously, but more confused. He heard Tony cough. “Iron Man told me. I was curious.”
, you know?”
“God, I’m so sorry,” Steve faltered. “I’m so superficial.”
Steve did name one of the kittens, though. The smallest of the bunch, which was still in quite a bad condition. He had hesitated first with the name, but had decided to go through with it in the end. It could be considered as a tribute of sorts.
But surprisingly enough, Steve himself didn’t know much about Iron Man. Sure, they did spend a lot of time together nowadays, but the whole man was still a complete mystery to Steve. He wanted to respect Iron Man and his privacy, because Steve understood that it was a big deal for him, but Steve hadn’t seen a patch of Iron Man’s skin, or even heard his real voice. It felt weird. And Steve really wanted to get to know Iron Man at least a little better. He just didn’t know how to approach him without coming off as overly pushy.
Of course there had always been speculation that Iron Man and Tony Stark were the same person, since Iron Man worked for Tony and the two of them were never seen in the same room. Still, Steve had never wanted to doubt Iron Man, since he was his friend. But maybe he should have started to suspect something, when both Iron Man and Tony started to act weird after finding the litter of kittens. Tony knew something only Iron Man should have known, and somehow they were always up at the same time.
Iron Man shrugged. “I’m sick.” Steve frowned, not pleased with the given answer.
“Well,” Iron Man started. “I’ve had better days, if I’m being honest.” He gestured at the cable in his chest. It looked kind of freaky, if Steve was being completely honest. Was this Iron Man’s method of recovering from a flu? Steve knew that his armor was powered by electricity, but he didn’t know that it could help other things, too.
exactly Iron Man was. Maybe he was in a hospital, and Steve just didn’t know that.
Steve sighed, relieved that Tony took his request well. He really didn’t mean any disrespect towards Tony. He just really wanted to see Iron Man.
‘Maybe being adopted wouldn't be so bad…’
Peter felt sad watching him drive away. He was saying goodbye to a big part of his life. A lot was about to change. He turned towards his parents.
“Mom’s gonna be so surprised when she sees you!”
“You can't blame yourself, Peter,” Steve responded and placed his hand on Peter's shoulder.
There was a light knock on Peter's door before Steve stepped into the room. Peter sat up and looked over at his dad.
“Aw! How sweet!” Pepper exclaimed. Peter blushed this time and released his dad.
He got up and hugged them both. He let go before he knew he would get emotional. They smiled at him.
“Thank you for everything, Dad.”
Peter looked at his savior. She gave him a tiny smiled before glaring at the group of students still crowding him. They all slowly returned to their seats, but not before some dropped scraps of paper with their numbers on them onto his desk.
“Good,” Steve smiled at them both, “Now behave while I’m gone. Friday will tell me if you guys get into a another fight.”
Goodbye for now.
She pulled Peter into a hug and stroked his head in an effort to calm him down. Peter hugged her back and took a deep breath.
Just then, Tony’s dad instincts kicked in, and he quickly added, “But therapy is a good thing that you should definitely go to.”
Gwen looked horrified but kept her mouth shut. The men dragged Peter to the window. One climbed through, the other tossed Peter out of it. He was grabbed again, and the other man hopped out. He was then gagged and dragged to a van. Suddenly he heard Gwen’s voice shouting for her father. One of the men grabbed his gun and walked back towards the house. Peter started sobbing. He would’ve begged them to stop if he could speak.
“Okay, well please let us know if you don’t. You need to be safe when you’re at school.”
“Well, if you ever decide you want/need friends, I’m here. So are Ned and Miles. Once they calm down, you’ll see that they’re pretty similar to you.”
Once Peter had started high school, he stopped drinking as much. He felt numb and focused all his energy on school instead of the deaths he caused.
Peter turned to Wade and suddenly felt very small next to him. He was fairly muscular and almost a full head taller than Peter. He also looked like he was one of those stuck-up jock kids that just seemed to be in every school. Peter wondered if this guy was just gonna dump him somewhere and let him fend for himself.
Peter continued to the living room. Not too long ago he was having fun with the Avengers. He still couldn't get over the fact he actually met the Avengers.
Peter frowned. He wasn't sure he'd be able to make any new friends, even if he'd be at this school permanently. He still wasn't over what happened to Gwen.
“Well, yeah. I was very excited about being a dad and getting to adopt you,” he confessed.
Peter internally cringed at the stupid nickname, but decided to let it slide for now.
He got up and decided to get out of his room for a bit. He walked into the hallway connected to his room and he heard voices and laughter coming from the kitchen.
“You’re going to school,” Steve replied sternly.
“Peter! How are you?” Thor asked cheerily, while lifting up something that looked ridiculously heavy.
She nodded. “Well, why don’t you want to talk about your dads? That would be a great way to get a lot of new friends.”
“All that matters, now, is that you’re back,” she replied as they laid down in the grass together.
“Asgardians. My people. They live in Asgard.”
Peter was elated to see the Avengers Tower. His first day wasn’t that bad, but home was definitely better than school, at least it was now.
So Peter woke up early on his birthday. He helped his Aunt and Uncle clean the house and get the party ready. It wasn’t much of party, but Peter didn’t mind. All he wanted was to have a good day with his Aunt, Uncle, and Gwen.
Peter swung into his apartment after a successful outing of fighting bad guys as Spider-Man. He collapsed on his bed before pulling off his mask.
The second the word left his mouth he was immediately bombarded with a ton of questions, none of which he could comprehend due to the large crowd.
“Woah, MJ, you know Peter?” Ned asked with obvious shock.
“Switching schools wouldn’t even help. People still know about you guys. Is quitting school an option?”
“Seriously?”
Sam jumped in his seat and grab his chest in shock. He turned towards the frantic man in the doorway with a death glare on his face.
Maybe, for once, things will work out and he could actually be happy. Of course, he still had mental issues to deal with, but he finally had a family and a stable home. That's pretty much all he wanted since he was a kid. He needed to focus on the good things in life because they were rare, and stressing out over the bad things just ruined the good things.
“I love you, too. Now let’s head home.”
“Ugh…” He groaned.
“Screw you, dude. I don’t care. Steve likes me. He’s not gonna get mad if he finds out I’ve borrowed his shield a few times when he wasn’t using it.”
Lunch was the worst for Peter. As usual, all eyes were on him as he entered the lunchroom, but this time was especially embarrassing. He was forced to walk past MJ, Wade, Ned, and Miles sitting at a table of their own, ignoring him - except for Wade who gave him a look of pity.
When Peter had calmed down enough, he finally released Pepper. She gave him a genuine smile before retrieving plates for the two of them. They sat together at the table eating and making small talk for a bit.
“If you have any problems, you can come find us or just ask JARVIS for help. Alright?” Tony asked him.
He smiled back, “Sure.”
“Okay. I’ll get on it. I gotta go now. Love you, Pete.”
He stood frozen in the doorway for a minute, fighting off another anxiety attack. The couple turned towards him and saw the panicked look on his face.
Peter was close to punching Wade.
Steve stood up and started collecting dishes. Tony stood and helped him.
Peter rolled over and closed his eyes. He was going to try to get a bit of sleep.
Steve turned around and put his hands on his hips. “There was electricity in the 40s. How do you think they made me Captain America?”
So Tony told him the whole story of him being kidnapped in the cave, breaking free, and having to fight Obadiah. As the story progressed he gave more and more details, probably more than was appropriate for a child, but once he started he couldn’t bring himself to stop.
Peter jumped out of his chair again, but this time due to excitement.
After that Wade continued giving Peter a tour of the school, pointing out his classes along the way.
When the elevator door opened, they were greeted by balloons, confetti, and the rest of the Avengers.
“Nice to meet you, Tony. Peter and Steve have told me a lot about you.”
“Hey Pete, you still awake?” Gwen called out.
Peter got home from his big day out and decided to organize his room. He had a lot of clothes to put away, school supplies to organize, and few other random things for his room. It was starting to feel more like home.
“Listen, my past wasn’t the best. It’s not something I want to get into with someone I just met. All I need are my parents. I don’t need any friends complicating things.”
‘Please don't let this be a dream.’ He wished in his head.
“Yeah. I didn’t answer any of them, though. They kinda freaked me out,” Peter answered honestly.
“I have no clue. He's very stubborn, but I could tell he was really considering this. We just need to show him that he's not a danger.”
Wade’s tone suddenly shifted to a more serious one, “Peter, of course you need friends. You can’t go through life alone. It’s not healthy.”
Peter believed her, he really did. Unfortunately, he would find out later that Gwen broke her promise.
Wade then cheerfully lead Peter to his first class. Surprisingly, they both noticed the lack of people trying to approach Peter. Of course there were a few people here and there, but it seemed like everyone started to get the hint that Peter wanted to be left alone. That left Peter feeling pleasantly surprised, so much so, he walked into class with a tiny smile on his face. MJ noticed right away.
Peter sighed. “Yeah, kinda. She got really mad at me earlier and said some things and I guess now she doesn’t want to be near me. I don’t really care, though.”
“But Tony-“
“Okay. Peter, truth or dare?” Clint asked him.
“Kids like me? Do you mean kids that are fucked up, insane, and-”
“But that wouldn’t be you. You’re a hero, Dad. My hero. You’ve saved so many people and I’m so proud of you for that.”
Peter retreated to his room and laid down on his bed, staring up at the ceiling. He began to wonder why everyone had made such a big deal about him not having friends today.
Suddenly, Monica spotted a shooting star streaking across the sky. She quickly sat and closed her eyes to make a wish. She knew exactly what she was wishing for.
Peter smiled. Who wouldn't want to fly in an Iron Man suit? Steve quickly shut down the idea, though.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony greeted Steve, “You ready to go?”
“Anything for you, my love.”
When Tony finished his story, he sighed in relief. He felt like some weight had been lifted off of his shoulders.
“Hi, honey. I’m glad you’re back.”
You created amazing suits for me. Every time I wear one, I think of you. Actually, every time I go out on patrol, or team up with the Avengers, I think of you. You’re my biggest inspiration and everyday I hope I can do even a fraction of the good you’ve done. I know I’ll never be able to be just like you, but I try everyday to do better because of you.
Peter didn’t want friends though. He wanted to be to himself. His parents’ death made him wary of forming new relationships with people because of the possibility he could lose them too. He went through kindergarten, and 1st grade without making any friends. Before he started 2nd grade though, his Aunt made him promise to make at least one new friend. He couldn’t say no to the look on her face so he agreed.
Tony followed Steve into the kitchen to help put away the dishes.
“Hey, Dad!” Peter greeted Tony as he slipped into the car.
“No, no. I just wanted to talk about something.”
“Pepper?”
“Well, what should we watch?” Tony asked.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and smiled. He was glad that Peter agreed. He was worried that they wouldn't be able to convince him, but he was actually giving them a chance.
Both Steve and Tony were nervous when they returned the next day. They wanted the meeting to go well, and they were both nervous and surprised when they entered Alex’s office and didn’t see anyone else in the room.
“Steve and Tony made a new will after they adopted you. If they both die, I or one of the other Avengers will become your new guardian. And they left the tower to you as well. You will always have a home and family, Peter, but you don’t need to worry about that anyway. Both of your dads are very stubborn,” she chuckled, “they’re not going anywhere anytime soon. Okay?”
It was shopping time and Peter was struggling to not laugh at his fathers’ appearances. They were trying to hard to hide their identities and look casual, except it's hard to look casual when you're built like Captain America and wearing a tight t-shirt, or when your idea of a disguise is a hoodie and sunglasses. It worked well enough for them, though. They got through their shopping trip without being recognized, and successfully getting everything they needed.
“Okay, shoot.”
He sat up quickly. He had another nightmare about Gwen. He couldn't stop himself from sobbing. He kept reliving her death, and every time he wasn't able to stop it from happening. The guilt was killing him.
“Well… what do you guys think?” he asked after a minute.
By the end of the night, Peter felt a lot more comfortable around everyone, except he was the most comfortable around Steve and Tony, which would make sense. He spent the most time with them, and they might eventually become his parents.
Peter wasn't sure if he should lie or not. He didn't particularly like talking to people about his dreams and nightmares, not that anyone really cared to ask about them before.
Peter walked into the cafeteria and it was as crazy as any public school cafeteria he had seen. He stood near the doorway for a minute, trying to find an empty table preferably in the corner, away from everyone. Luckily, he found one.
She stared at the glowing object in disbelief as the glowing slowly faded away.
“Well, I was thinking that maybe we should adopt a kid.”
Tony laughed at his enthusiasm. It made him happy to know that Peter genuinely enjoyed spending time with him.
Tony smiled. “That’s great.”
For her 14th birthday, which was about a month after Peter’s, Gwen wanted him to celebrate with her. He didn’t really like the thought of it at first. He pictured lots of people, he hated being social, and he remembered the past two birthday parties he had. Both ending in murder. He finally agreed after Gwen promised it would just be them and that they’d be safe.
“Tony! I need your help!” Peter shouted as he ran into Tony’s lab, visibly upset.
Peter was now watching Tony with even more curiosity, but Tony could tell he was trying to figure out if he should keep pushing.
“How do you feel, kid?” Tony asked, pulling Peter out of his thoughts.
“I do not know. It all depends on the severity of the mission.”
Steve was nervous for Tony’s response. He had no clue if Tony even wanted a kid. Plus they’re superheroes, and Tony might think they wouldn’t be able to raise a child because of their jobs.
“Deal. I’ll pick you up after school tomorrow. See you later, Peter.” Alex waved goodbye and then left.
The feeling of self consciousness slowly began to fade, though, as the feeling of attraction seemed mutual based on the look on Wade’s face.
They both stopped dead in their tracks and turned back to Steve to see his reaction, but he kept his face blank, seemingly waiting for a confession.
Their next stop for the day was to go get Peter's name legally changed. Peter felt oddly excited about it. That excitement quickly faded away once they got to the courthouse. It was a lot of waiting in lines and filling out paperwork. After all that, they had to come back in a week for a name change hearing. He thought they could do it all in one day, but apparently not.
“Aw, Peter, you’re so sweet, but you don’t have to keep thanking me.”
“They have their moments. Tony does pick fights with everyone though. I think he enjoys arguing.”
“Where does Cap keep his shield? And where does Tony keep all of his suits?”
“Hey, relax. There's no need to be nervous around us,” Tony tried to comfort him.
“Really?” he asked curiously.
“Good. Now go somewhere I can’t see you and don’t make a lot of noise.” His voice sounded threatening. Peter wondered why Alex had brought him when he clearly wasn’t wanted.
Tony laughed as the elevator doors open. He followed his dads to the kitchen. They all sat down at the table.
He flashed an enthusiastic grin towards Steve. Steve shook his head, but couldn't resist smiling back.
“Okay, I promise. No saving the universe until college,” she tried her best to say with a straight face.
“What? How?” Monica felt betrayed.
“Why?” he asked extremely confused.
Another minute later and Peter’s quiet calm lunch was ruined.
Tony looked at him for a minute before deciding to give up. “Alright. If you do wanna talk, you know where my room is. And don't worry about waking me up, I barely sleep anyway.”
“Peter… I thought you’d be more happy,” he softly stated.
Later that day, Alex picked him up from the tower. He was very happy to hear that Peter was ready to be adopted.
“I’m sorry, dude. That’s sucks.”
That's what he'd tell himself.
Tony hesitated when his car reached Steve’s house. He was having second thoughts about joining him, his new boyfriend, and Peter for dinner, but he promised Peter, so there was no backing out.
“Is dad here?” Peter shouted from another room, interrupting their stare down.
Peter breathed a sigh of relief when they all left and the teacher began class. He turned to MJ and whispered a quick “thank you” before turning his attention towards the teacher.
Maria smiled as she walked over to Carol. She gave her a quick kiss before hugging her tightly.
“I enjoy being right,” Tony corrected Steve.
Peter turned towards MJ and gave her a confused look. “Uh, what are you talking about?”
Also my wonderful friend drew some awesome art for this chapter. It’s on my tumblr and you should definitely check it out!
Peter didn’t really want to explain himself, so he began walking again as he offered a simple reply. “I’m just not interested in dating right now. Can we continue with the tour?”
“I’m not interested. Sorry.”
“I’m sure you will soon,” Steve reassured Peter.
“You know they’re waiting for you. Come on.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’m fine. I just wasn’t expecting that.”
Peter tried to come up with some response, but he just remained silent. He felt like he might disappoint his dads if he kept his name, but he wasn't sure if he was ready for a new one.
“Dad!” Morgan smiled and jumped out of her seat when she saw her father’s face.
“Yeah. JARVIS play Big Hero 6,” Tony called out.
“What is it?”
“I think we have our answer,” Natasha teased.
Peter felt like he was finally home. Finally, after so many years of drifting around. Finally, after not having a family or anyone he could love. Finally, he felt safe.
When they would ask again if he wants them to adopt him, he would have to say no. It would be painful, but he had to do it. Peter frowned.
"I'll tell him that I'm not in the right place in my life," Bruce said walking away. Tony nodded watching his back. "I'll tell him that there are better options." Wait. "That I'm out of my prime." No. Tony went after him but found Clint there around the kitchen table with Sam and Natasha. He stumbled to a stop before fixing his coat and striding inside.
They can't be planning a kidnapping over a couple of hundred dollars right? Right?!
“Bare as the day you were born, sir.”
Clint clenched his fists. "You've found me. You know where to find me. Shouldn't you leave for whatever has need of a militia pack?"
Sam was a prefect. Natasha told herself. “I listened to the audiobook.”
“Okay,” Bruce said meekly leaning into Thor’s warm chest.
Tony smiled grimly at Sam pulling him by his neck into a hug. Their bond slid back int place. Tony could find him if he is unable to comeback. “Thank you, my gratitude holds no bounds.”
“But…”
Bucky grabbed the key. "This isn't over, Clint."
Steve turned to him then the other’s who he called his friend. He couldn’t sleep on the ground as an animal with Thor forever. Thor deserved better than that. At the faces of his own unit he could tell they wanted better than that for him too.
Tony stood up and gently pushed Bruce behind him he looked around their company to Natasha who was closing the door behind them. She shrugged. She too did not want to be awoken at nine a.m in the morning either. Steve pushed through so he was in front of Tony.
Steve licked his lips thinking. “Yeah, I’ll help just give me as much information on your regulars as possible.”
Thor turned and stroked his beard eyeing Tony. “You offer this to me?”
Tony barely even hesitated the process of tying his shoes. "So, you've met The Father."
“Tony?”
Tony laughed pulling his cheek away. “Just this morning you were all talk about ‘proper courtship’.
“He’s going to die.”
Bruce looked up at the high ceiling haphazardly patched together.
“It's because you asked Clint to do recon.” Natasha told Tony grimly.
"My apologies for stressing you so," Steve said watching the movement guiltily.
“What are we going to do?”
At that moment Dummy rolled off the roof of the carriage and on to the soft grass with a loud clank. Tony let out a string of curses that derailed the following conversation as he fixed the small robot into a discussion about Tony's use of the English language.
Clint grabbed it and saw the scratches and dents from the fletching and holes from arrow tips. Then opened it carefully.
“And I a devil looking upon mine.” Steve grunted taking a moment to take stock.
"I do that frequently."
Principal Fury put a hand over his eye and muttered intelligibly into the microphones before handing it off to Assistant Principal Hill. She was a lot more usual school administration authority, and thus a whole hell of a lot less interesting. Steve knocked out on Thor’s shoulder and only jostled awake when Bruce fell onto him also dead asleep.
Bucky leaned over the counter and pecked Clint on the forehead. “These things are meant to be kept in the bedroom.”
Thor kissed the top of his head. “Good.”
Jarvis climbed his way to his post. "Jarvis, darling, I won't be able to guide you, will you be able to find accommodations?"
"Less easy but I can do that."
“Does anyone know if Bruce made some cinnamon rolls?” Tony called from the living room.
Tony was sitting on the bed, pale, hands shaking. Steve forgot about the other man.
“Not here and not now.” Bruce said putting the clothes that Thor found. The smelled of smoke and were smudged with ash but otherwise clean. “Maybe later in bed.”
"You send out electric sparks? What runes do you use?" Mr. Stark was saying looking over Thor's hand.
Bruce knocked him outside the head. "You idiot!"
“T’Challa is going to watching Cross.”
“You speak nonsense, devil.”
He finally felt something snap in place and bowed his head submissively with instinct instead of control. “Thanks.”
Bucky kissed him. "I'll take it."
After scaring his pack by roughly throwing around the outer layers of walls and slamming the hammer louder than necessary and drinking a quarter of a pint of whiskey Tony graced them with his presence at meal time that evening.
Clint turned and was surprised to catch his lips. Bucky pushed forward and… Clint pulled back. “Even if the note exists, I’m still mad at you.”
Tony looked at him. Steve reached out a gentle hand. “I promise the pack will leave you alone until you’re ready.”
“We’ll all be there following our perspective targets.”
“Did the leader kill them?”
“They are all working together,” Thor said and Tony was broken out of love struck reverie.
Tony nodded. “Bless.”
“Good evening!” Tony smiled and walked down the steps holding out a hand. “I assume you’re here for me.” Stane’s steel eyes slowly covered every inch of his body.
“Stane can’t masturbate for the next month so over all I have to say I won.” Tony said.
“Where’s Tony?” someone screamed and screamed and screamed.
“A prince? That means you’re an Odinson, am I correct?”
Thor drank more of his mead. Clint’s arms tightened around himself. Bucky had resumed eating and Bruce was still somewhere amongst the stars. Tony coughed.
Clint stared up at the sky seeing god as was his usual post Bucky related orgasm daze. They had ended up in the large wooded area behind the schools soccer field. About a mile away was the edge of the campus and the start of the small college town sandwiched between the private school and a private college. For all the rich kids. Clint lived there in one of the the shitty over priced apartments with his alcoholic father and doormat stoner of a brother. At least at Pearsons School for Superior Boys he chose when and where he'd get the shit beat out of him. Here he had Natasha, Tony, and Bruce. He had also kind of had Thor and…Bucky nuzzled in. Clint smiled and curled into him.
Tony woke up to the feeling of weightlessness. He leaned his head into the body carrying him and was surprised he felt stiff fabric instead of the worn cotton of their shirts.
“You don't think so.”
“Looks like someone wanted their ass kicked.” Natasha said cracking her knuckles.
Bucky hopped up and laid down. “This is going to hurt isn't it.”
"We tracked him to the road and lost sight of him." Natasha said.
Tony clapped him on the back. “Fantastic! Let’s see how our shy little sea turtle Bruce is doing.”
Clint was still chuckling. “What could possibly happen?” He snorted. “Could I get, I don’t know, pregnant?”
“You’re quite a sight, sullied angel.”
Tony laughed. "I seek warmth and a bed, you seek a mirror."
"Why would I need another meal, lustful devil?"
“But…I can see your bruises and the bloody rags around your knuckles, I would like to protect you fair Bruce of Banner.”
Clint scratched his head. “I guess? But you're like supposed to hold up house rules and you bang me and routinely break house rules. This way you get to help your fellow students stay safe.”
Stane stood and pressed in behind Tony nosing his neck. “Our room, omega.”
He went to the omega sanctuary. He needed a pack. The feral nature of being without he could feel crawling along his skin threatening to over take his sanity. He’d been gone for but a month but even the coyote in him needed someone else. Something not metal.
He just wanted to find his friend. His possibly dead friend. Oh god…What if Tony’s brain started bleeding and now he’s just a corpse they left in the woods. Jesus. Bruce was shaking and placed his hands over his eyes. He had to toughen up. He could beat up a kid three times his size he could find Tony in the woods with out a flashlight and not get caught. Bruce nodded and started to stand up but was caught blinded by someone else’s flashlight.
Tony watched them for a few beats. The sophomore that Bruce is pit against is twice his size and at least six inches taller. Bruce doesn’t let that stop him. He screamed and beat his fists against anything in the surrounding area. The sophomore looked shaken hesitating before coming close. Bruce came at him with his shoulder and knocked him off his feet and on to the ground. He cried out when his head smacked against the concrete pavement. Natasha stepped in.
Steve wanted to kiss him. The pride in his stance and the pure joy turned the cynical man he'd met with a knife for a tongue into a beauty Steve could not describe. His hands twitched wanting to draw.
"Who's there!"
Bruce just held his head in his hands. “I thought you were joking.”
They continued to watch the road the sun slowly climbing towards its destination buried in the the trees. A large round fox trotted from the edges of the house three large quail in its maw. It pranced proudly up the steps it's stomach jiggling with it. Steve held out a hand. The fox sniffed but turned away. Bucky went for a reach and got a cut from an angry claw. Then the creature nosed open the door and walked inside carrying its prize.
He grabbed the workman's clothes he kept in there and flopped down into a cot halfheartedly stuffing himself into clothes. Tony stared at the ceiling. He was missing something. He waited patiently. Dummy immediately bumped the edge of his cot and he pulled the small automaton into his bed. A quarter hour later Jarvis came in with an audible creak of the door. Tony picked him up and set him next to his side. The whirr of wheels and the tick of clockwork blanketed Tony in sweet sleep.
"I have very little confidence in what will proceed."
"I think congratulations are in order?" Tony said startling the couple. Clint flushed and absently covered the bruised and bloody mark. Bucky watched him wary.
Sam Wilson smiled when she met his gaze. “I like to read books that make me feel terrible.” He said his smile growing wider. Natasha tried not to flush. He had a beautiful jawline and the kindness in his eyes was upsetting.
“What the fuck,” he whispered to himself, just now thinking about how odd his dream was.
for sneak peaks and more!
“Oh, it’s no problem. I’ll always be here for you, too, Peter.”
“What did you tell them about me?”
“You won’t lose me. I promise. I’m safe and so are you.”
Wade was obviously disappointed - his face showed it - but he caught up to Peter and continued on with the tour for another minute before he suddenly stopped again. Peter paused as well and turned to Wade, wondering why they were stopping yet again.
Monica excitedly ran over and jumped on the couch. She waited for her moms to join her.
“Ready to go, kid?” Tony asked him.
“I know! What am I gonna do, Tony?”
“Maybe, but do you really wanna deal with Tony and T’Challa when they find out we lost the shield and they have to make him a new one.”
Steve turned around and gave his husband a harsh look.
After that house, the abuse or anything else Peter received was nothing new. He coped the best he could. He switched foster house every few months, he got to know Alex pretty well because of that. No one wanted to deal with Peter’s nightmares and growing rebellious attitude. He completely forgot the advice he received from his old foster brother in the second house. Peter didn’t want a family. All he needed and wanted was Gwen.
Steve scoffed and turned back to his cooking. “I may be older than you, but I look younger,” he shot back jokingly.
Peter smiled. It felt really nice to have a concerned, loving, but not pushy, parent.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked, concern written all over his face.
“Get out of my way, dude,” MJ responded while trying to duck under Wade’s arm.
During the ride up the elevator, he could tell there was something going on with Tony. He kept fidgeting. Since he didn’t know Tony that well, he just shrugged it off.
That calmed him down enough for him to be excited for the party. Peter went over to Gwen’s house, and they spent the whole day together, fooling around, playing games, and they even had cake. Gwen had convinced her parents to let Peter sleepover, so once it became dark out, Gwen’s dad told them they needed to go to bed. Gwen laid down in her bed and Peter got inside his sleeping bag.
Maria chuckled. “Alright. Hit me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter reluctantly got up. He would've been comfortable falling asleep on the couch, but he knew his bed would be much more comfortable.
Hey guys! Sorry for not posting a new chapter in forever. I know, I suck. I'm sure you guys don't want to hear any excuses so here's your new chapter. I will try my best to post more often. Also sorry it's a bit short.
“I don’t have a problem, and I have no clue what you’re talking about. I’m not a jerk,” he argued defensively.
Peter dreaded the thought of spending the night alone worrying about his dads.
MJ smiled in relief.
Peter chuckled and walked over to the table. During breakfast they made small talk, but once it was over, they had the conversation Peter was dreading.
“Close, but not zero,” Wade replied gleefully as he started walking again.
For Peter’s 8th birthday, he invited Gwen over to his house. He hadn’t celebrated his birthday since his parents’ death, but this year he actually wanted to. He felt like he could actually be as happy as he had been before their death.
“Make any friends?”
Peter happily snuck down the hall to wake up his father. Once he reached his dads’ room, he glanced inside and saw just a bit of Tony’s hair peeking out from under a blanket. He then carefully snuck around to Tony’s side of the bed, and once in position, he ripped off the blanket and shouted “Wake up, dad!”.
“I talk to people,” he weakly argued.
He actually talked to Pepper about his situation the night before to get some advice since he couldn’t ask his dads or his therapist. She was very insightful, though, and helped Peter realized that he was acting a bit rude, albeit unintentionally. He didn’t ask for any advice on how to fix the situation, though. He felt like he had thrown enough on her already, so he was stuck with fixing the situation on his own despite the fact he had absolutely no clue how to do that.
