Liam walked into the room no longer on the phone. He decided to sit cross-legged on the floor looking up at the trio.
“That was rather rude don’t you think John Watson? We have guest.” Liam said testily, he was frowning at John.
Sherlock laid on his back next to John his right hand still stroking him while his left hand delved into his own pyjama bottoms. He wanted to compare the feel of the two. Slowly he stroked both himself and John. It hadn’t been his imagination, his skin didn’t feel half as glorious as John’s did. And guessing by the composure John was vastly losing control of, it felt better to him as well.
“Have you been crying, Sherlock? Perhaps I have kept you rather secluded. But I do need you, you are the only being I know that can control the weather.”
John disengaged himself from Sherlock’s embrace, taking him by the hand John walked to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I’m truly a sound sleeper John you won’t even know I’m there.”
Liam shook his head and walked towards Mycroft and Sherlock.”
Sherlock walked over to John and took him by his hands. "Come with me John, you need some fresh air."
If this was how it was now he couldn’t imagine how his sanity would hold up in the months to come.
“I did.” Otakaty stepped into view.
“Ex-soldier actually.”
“First off, we solve cases. You’re not alone anymore. I do occasionally help. Second-”
"John." Sherlock's voice came out horse and low. No way John had heard him. "John!" Sherlock yelled louder.
Sherlock got that funny feeling in his stomach every time John walked through the door. His heart clenched every time Rosie ran up and gave him a hug. He had never had friends or family or anyone before them but how was he supposed to go back to not having anyone after just becoming accustomed to having them? It was a question he wished he didn’t have to answer.
sorry. Every room is booked and no expected vacancies until Monday afternoon.”
Sitting down again heavily Sherlock opened the aeroplane, absently stashing the hairpin in his pocket. The first thing he saw was a beautiful picture that Rosie must’ve drawn of John, herself and him. They looked so happy. Next he looked at the second paper fully expecting it to be another picture from Rosie, instead, it was a brief, no-nonsense letter, no more like a note rather, from John.
John chuckled. “I think I'm the only one who needs to think of a coming out strategy. I’ve denied it for so long and to everyone I’m sure I’ll come off as a hypocrite.”
John glared at Sherlock before approaching the door. “Lachlan, who is that with you?”
“Jeez Louise, I agree, a date night is just what the doctor ordered.”
Sherlock com to yes on to the door and leant against the frame, his back to the giant.
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed, “Exactly like that, only you were gentler in your need of me. You also didn’t fight it.”
John climbed the stairs to his room. Sherlock’s mood had changed drastically, well it had been nice while it lasted. Laying on the bed John threaded his fingers behind his head thinking again about the day. There had been so many chances for him to tell Sherlock how he felt or even to make a move, to simply lean in and kiss him. Had it been one of the many women he’d dated in the past he would have just taken the chance, but with Sherlock it was different, he had to be sure, he didn’t want to ruin their friendship, work and living arrangements all because he had the misfortune of falling in love with his best friend.
“I could speak to her but she did not have the capacity for it.”
“I called for you to come warm me up, and I thought- it wasn’t you in the bed Sherlock.”
She sniffled some more and Sherlock rolled his eyes as John climbed across the bed to reach her. Pulling her in his arms he rocked her gently, running a hand up and down her back. "Tell me what's wrong."
“Course I’m sure, why wouldn’t I be sure?”
"John,"
“Call you? How on earth was I supposed to call you?”
The next day inside the council's quarters all the current members sat around the conference table, with Hyde on video conference. John explained to Rayne, Lestrade and Hyde that Otaktay had possibly found another judge. He didn’t explain to them that none of them really could get a reading on her. He wanted their unbiased opinions. Sherlock stood going to the door he brought her in and introduced her to the 3 council members she had not met. Hyde was in his WereBear form, seeing how John and Lestrade had not told the others he could shift into multiple animals.
“Something that most people, no, something that no one else knows about. Or even suspects. Only you so it seems. I’m not sure if even my wife knows.”
“Open it please Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, will you really discuss this with the giant? Is there no other way? Maybe get rid of the beanstalk as you said you had done in the past?”
“I must apologize for my clumsiness and also I wanted to say thank you for coming to my aid. All those other idiots simply stood around and watched.”
“Alright, how about we see if we can get any hits on the other prosthetics. And you’re sure-”
John lifted his head seeing for the first time the three men who had entered the room. “I don’t know. I couldn’t see anyone, but it felt like a woman. When I called out to you again Sherlock, when I realised it wasn’t you, a gust of wind rushed from beneath the covers.”
John was staring at the box, but he could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him and Lestrade’s sudden silence had to mean something. Sherlock's last statement had seemed to be directed at him, or it could have been just wishful thinking. “So, it says on the first day of Christmas, should we expect a gift of some sort every day for the next eleven days?”
John kissed Sherlock on top of his head and pulled him snug against him. “Get comfortable Sherlock.”
“Voices travel Mycroft.”
John looked down at the floor trying to process what he'd just learned.
“She is not right,” Mansi commented.
“I second the motion.” said Mycroft.
John’s mouth dropped opened. He scratched his brow and looked around like he was looking for someone to jump out and yell April Fools. But that was the wrong holiday. He hadn’t even realized it was Valentine’s Day, seeing how he had been single for quite a while now, he’d had no reason to keep track of or commemorate the day. Why on earth had Sherlock?
“Uh, yeah. That is precisely what I am saying.”
“Really?” John began plating the food. He had cooked eggs, bacon, fried tomatoes, fried bread and baked beans.
“Does that sound like what you experienced Otaktay?”
John smacked him on the arse again.
Sherlock could hear John’s heart beating; he could even taste his fear. He would have to ask John what had caused his fear later when they were alone. He’d gone into the dream to retrieve Otaktay, he had achieved that so where could the fear be coming from. He wanted to take John in his arms and comfort him; they should be celebrating. The night was a win! They had gotten both of their people back with no violence.
John quickly shot the blood into Mansi’s arm while Sherlock argued with Alasdair.
Sherlock tapped Liam on the arm and the hybrid king moved back to stand with Mycroft again.
“John.” He specified. Hyde and Samantha went back to their food. “Alasdair is an ancient vampire, strong, I couldn’t even fight him off yet you thought it a great idea to threaten him. Smooth.”
Sherlock made to get up, but Fíona put up a hand “Please, no bowing. I don’t require any of that.”
“Okay, so on the other hand, what is stopping you from instating judges who shouldn’t be simply so you
“Maybe you should sing it, Sherlock, it may make more sense that way.”
“To cross reference your list with the items.” Sherlock finished.
Sherlock pouted harder, his bottom lip extending even more than before.
I stashed them as soon as I came down.”
Mycroft leaned forward on his umbrella, “Except Mummy. Besides, she has threatened to pull all her influence, and I know you have never cared to know, but she has quite the impressive resume, confidential of course. I wouldn’t have gotten nearly as far in my career if not for her, and her connects.”
"If you wanted to take down a group of people or an organisation, what would be the quickest way to do that?"
The rest of the summer passed in much the same manner, John and Rosie coming up daily to visit Sherlock unless the giant didn’t leave for the day. John told Sherlock stories about his childhood and everyday life down where they lived and Sherlock continued to teach Rosie how to play the violin, he’d also made her one out of wood now so she had a much more rich and mature sound. Sherlock had also been teaching Rosie how to use her magic to control the elements. It turned out he had been correct and Rosie could control them, barely, but the potential was there.
Sherlock grimaced. “No. Never say you subbed for anyone or anything to my brother. He has a wicked sense of humor.”
John sat up abruptly, his breath coming fast and choppy. He wiped a hand over his wet face. John Watson had just woken up from another nightmare. He was shivering from the sweat that covered his body in the air conditioned flat. He had been having a variation of this dream for the past 6 months. He thought maybe he should see someone about this grief like he did the last time he’d lost someone important to him. A lot of good that had done. Going to see Ella when he had thought Sherlock had died never gave him any resolution, she just served as a test for the rest of the world, to gauge if his faking, his saying he was fine had gotten more believable. To test if he could live his life on the surface as if everything was okay and back to normal while below the surface, he was a cesspool of conflicting emotions.
“Maybe, but a fact is always more difficult to deal with than an assumption or theory.”
John didn't like the tone of the other man's voice all of a sudden.
“Agreed.” Liam said standing up. “I need to get back to my realm, I have traitors to flush out, coming John?”
Alasdair gave a nod and John left, heading back to the house and to Sherlock, he needed the comfort only Sherlock could provide.
“Well, we don’t hate you, we are just unsure of who you are, what drives you? You know all of that.”
Sherlock was snapped out of his musing when John placed a plate and hot cup in front of him.
“All of them.”
The two finish cleaning up the kitchen in silence the song finishing and on to a new one. Sherlock washed and dried his hands, holding one out to John. John looked at his hand questioningly. “Fancy that dance now?”
John steps up when everyone else would step back.” Sherlock added before turning to join John in their room.
Liam approached Sherlock. “You ready Sunshine?”
Sherlock tensed because he sensed John’s next words were the reason for his own unease with the dream.
“No,” answered Sherlock, “But it’s as good a guess as any at this point.” Sherlock walked over to John’s station and within a couple keystrokes, he had John logged into a secure military server courtesy of his brother’s credentials. “Carry on soldier.”
“I think Molly knew before either of us.”
“Traditional rules never applied to the first vampires. Gratefully there aren’t many of us left. Vampires go crazy after a while and we have to be put down or we wreak havoc on this world. Rayne came very close and I am happy she was saved from that fate, Greg Lestrade must be a remarkable hunter and man to have tamed that one. I knew her before I went to rest.” Turning to Otaktay Alasdair began speaking to him in Sioux. “Why have you allowed this Unhcegila to stay here?”
“Correct.”
“Okay! Okay, Mike, you win, just stop with the bloody pattering.” John took another deep drink of his ale. “This place isn't very good, is it?”
Sherlock was leaning against the worktop, legs and arms crossed as he watched the 3 of them eat. Instead of him cooking he had convinced Liam and Mycroft to go pick up food.
Sherlock gave a nipple a lick before he half sat up and smirked at John. “You know I am quite aware of your reputation in the military as 4 continents Watson.”
Before anyone could answer Molly and Mrs. Hudson came over to the group squealing.
"I was worried about you. Besides, Mycroft really wasn't up for an outing."
“Mainly because I know John would feel bad if he had this same thought. He's my moral compass.”
“John is a judge.” Fíona held Sherlock’s gaze, a small smile played on her lips. “He is infallible, more or less.” Sherlock didn’t get anything from Fíona, no ill intent, no well wishes, nothing. She came across his radar as completely neutral. “You cannot fool John with a compulsion, so his intuition is his own. Why are you helping us?”
Back on the street, John stood next to Sherlock, neither of them speaking. When a cab pulled up John held the door open for Sherlock and climbed in behind him. John knew this game. He had to wait Sherlock out. He was upset and emotional and would only speak on what was bothering him when
Sherlock took a deep breath, inhaling the uniquely John scent.
"Yes, I'm sorry. But I needed to get you away from the house. I have something to tell you."
Sherlock saw the look of horror cross the other man’s face, he apologised quickly. “I’m sorry. I don’t normally act in this manner.”
John was getting worried, Sherlock looked like he wanted to speak but couldn’t, just when John was about to speak to him again he saw Sherlock’s gaze dart down to his lips and linger there before looking away. Today had been truly strange, and Sherlock was in rare form. “Sherlock, can I ask you something?” John watched Sherlock open and close his mouth several times in an attempt to speak finally he simply nodded his head. “Are you sick? Like fatally?”
Quietly John said, "I know. I wish I could. But you can st-"
“I don’t believe either of you but we have a situation. Samantha is back and she says she wants to leave. Go back to the states.”
John noticed right off that Mrs. Hudson was beaming and staring at him. She was trying to hide her smile by resting her chin in her hand. John looked at Sherlock and smiled slowly. “You told her, didn’t you?”
“Great. Now where does that leave us with Samantha?
Rosie smiled and ran over to a plant where she had hid her bag, out of it she pulled out a pair of gloves and a towel. She draped the towel over her shoulder and pulled on the gloves. She was so excited, she liked Sherlock and their lessons. Running back over she stood in front of Sherlock and held out her hands for the violin. He had told her she was getting much better. She wished she could show her dada.
Sherlock nodded and cleared his throat.
“Yes Master Liam. I am here only to do the bidding of the council.”
John had a very soothing voice. Especially now when he wasn’t talking very loud and the sleeping pills working their way through Sherlock’s system. His mind was starting to fog over and he remembered too late why he hated taking sleeping pills, they left him with the inability to think straight. Everything became tactile for him.
“Did he carry an umbrella?”
Sherlock watched from the other side of the table. What was it about weddings that made women so bold?
“Well, I’m happy for you.”
Rosie nodded her understanding and threw her arms around Sherlock before grabbing the bag and taking off. Sherlock ran back over to where John was and grabbed more of their supplies taking them out of sight. And just as he was reaching for the chairs there was a booming yell as the giant came sliding down the stalk. Apparently, the giant lost his grip on the slippery beanstalk falling.
“There you are.”
“When we came back from dinner you were sitting right there.” Sherlock tried to remain unaffected by seeing John shirtless, with water running down his chest, and what a fine chest it was.
John’s computer on the desk started making a noise. “Grab that will you, it’s probably Hyde.” Delma passed the laptop to John. “Hyde.”
“I would say either a current or past lover by the questions he was asking me.”
“But you can’t fake first -hand accounts, Hyde was made by Alasdair.”
Over the next couple of months, Sherlock seemed to warm up to the idea of his best friend marrying his brother. He and John spent far more time together as they planned the coming wedding. Mycroft had given them an unlimited budget and had told Sherlock to plan it as if it was his own. The idea of planning the wedding had sickened him at first, and then he thought about planning the worse wedding in the history of weddings. But in the end, he wanted John to be happy.
“Moriarty. He doesn’t allow me to use his name. I am only allowed to call him daddy or your highness. He is obviously neither. But he told me my mother gave me to him to spare her own life. I took her place as his servant.”
Sherlock knew he would be sore. He'd never known sex could be this enjoyable. He really needed to contact his guy and break off their arrangement. John had ruined sex with any other person for him. He was in his blood now and under his skin. Sherlock could only see himself with John. He fell asleep not long after John, neither man heard the door to their flat slot creak open or saw the posh man standing in the doorway with a sneer so lethal they may have died on the spot had they looked up.
John chuckled and raised a hand out of the water to run it down Sherlock's arm languidly. “The prize was in the teaching. I've bedded Sherlock Holmes, the once voted most eligible bachelor. Now off the market.”
“Alasdair. May we come in John?”
“A bit of music for effect? You are feeling sassy today Sherlock.”
“Men, women, it’s all the same thing really. But I couldn’t have turned him down had there been a gun to my head. Anyways, we went back to his flat, fooled around-”
Sherlock cried out, coming in between their sweaty bodies.
Sherlock watched in silence as the giant went in his room. He sighed. Who knew when his next chance would come. And what if John thought he didn’t want to live with him and Rosie? He had to get out of here.
“My ma held me inside her body as long as she could trying to protect me from the curse. She only gave birth to me when she was killed. The warrior that killed her thought she had eaten me and therefore freeing me.”
“No, I can’t say that I did.”
“Okay…”
“Let’s see if I got all the facts straight. First, you kiss John, he panics and runs off only to come back, he apologises and lets you kiss him again.”
“Also,” added Liam, “I wouldn’t feel comfortable with John entering, for all intents and purposes, a dead body, what if it causes adverse effects?”
Mike smiled, “Greg Lestrade. Down at Scotland Yard.”
John stared at what he wrote. It wasn’t eloquent. It was straight to the point. But his body insisted on telling Sherlock that he loved him so he left it.
John returned his attention to Sherlock’s waiting hole, licking at it with the flat of his tongue, once, twice and then he thrust his tongue in. Sherlock was so tight.
“If this works she’d have made mine as well.” John slipped a syringe into Sherlock’s hand. “You’ll be back up.”
Molly blushed and smiled in way of response.
“For Christ sake, Mycroft, just spit it out, who is it? Anthea?”
“Dark mother? I like that, it suits her.” Alasdair said quietly.
“Yes, and go see Alasdair.”
“Please, call me Fíona, only my husband insist that I be called Eve or Eva. He can be so dramatic sometimes.”
“Maybe the image was grainy on his end, and he couldn’t get a good look at her.” Liam offered.
Pouting Sherlock rolled over when John moved off him. “But there is a whole part of my anatomy that you have completly ignored.”
John’s face lit up as he pulled the Lakota warrior into a tight embrace. “Why didn’t you tell me you were coming?”
“Um, I had a question, but I’m not sure it needs to be asked now.”
John went over to the man whose leg had been brutally cut open, “Sherlock! I need your help.”
“Fascinating.” John watched as the violin took shape beneath Sherlock’s obviously skilled hands. “Tell me more.”
Mike turned back looking at John, “Yeah?”
Mycroft suddenly growled low; it sent a shiver through the room and before anyone could comment the duo was gone.
Sherlock thought hard if there were anymore driving forces behind him wanting to bed Otaktay and couldn't think of any.
When Sherlock pulled away, he was pleased to see John's eyes were closed, and he had a goofy half smile on his face. He leaned in and kissed him again, placing a hand on the side of John’s face, caressing.
“I’m here to help you, John. I am the man Hyde is searching for. Very few people knew for certain that I was even alive. Otaktay suspected it...”
John was taken aback by Sherlock's tirade. He moved to stand by Mycroft, "What makes you think he is offering me money?"
Sherlock looked at John over his clasped hands. “Why do you think that?”
John placed a quick kiss on the back of Sherlock's neck before even realised what he was doing climbing out of the bed he pulled his pants back on before going to Sherlock again. “Here, let me help you up, we need to get some tea and broth in you, it’ll help warm you up.”
“I thought today was as good a day as any to discuss matters of the heart. Although it is unclear what Saint Valentine of Terni really stood for, people thought that he -”
“No clue. Go on then, he’s your puppet, see what he wants.”
John traveled around her body looking for anything that he thought would keep her from waking up, he I selected her internal makeup from a medical professional viewpoint. He found nothing in or around her mind and since she did not have a beating heart that was the last place he checked, but when he did there was a small golden twinkle, so small in fact he thought he imagined it.
were worried?”
John relaxed a bit when Sherlock closed his eyes. This was odd. Lying in the bed with another man, said man caressing his face while John, in turn, caressed his hand and said his name. “Sherlock.”
"There is also that bit about you being more attracted to Sherlock too."
“I hate that bloody place. Can’t you resign?” Sherlock grinned. Mycroft was absolutely miserable. “I don’t like being away from you under the circumstances.” Mycroft continued.
“John, how do you feel- no, what is your gut instinct on Alasdair?”
John stared up at Sherlock and Otaktay. Their mouths were moving but he couldn’t hear anything above the ringing in his ears. And why were they above him like that? It was when John realized he was on the floor. Looking around everything looked brighter and sharper like someone had adjusted the image of the world bringing it into sharp focus.
Sherlock grimaced. "Let me guess, you confronted him?"
Mycroft who had never been present at one of their magic building sessions asked John what he was doing.
Sherlock woke up deliciously warm. Stretching he wiped at his mouth, he had been drooling. It was then that he remembered where he was, John’s bed. Glancing over quickly he saw John smiling at him.
Sherlock thought about John’s words, really it made sense. “John, would that mean Alasdair is not to be trusted?”
John stood up having had enough, “I don’t see how that’s any of your business.”
"Sherlock we need to get to the bottom of this so we can get back to working together without distractions. We have to figure out who is for us and who is against us. And right now things are looking grim, we don't need anything new to be used against us."
John turned to Otaktay. “How did you find her?”
“John.”
"Great actually! We were just trying to iron out some of the last details. I have to go pick up the rings tomorrow, and you'll be needing to go by Sky Garden and finish paying for the ceremony."
"Not entirely true Sherlock I recall-"
Mycroft waved a dismissive hand at John. " No, I meant this whole facade. I hate when my mother gets an idea and sinks her teeth into it."
They got all the way back home and was settling in when Sherlock finally spoke.
“Maybe I should start sleeping over there as well when I visit.” Liam grumbled.
“He’s been injured.”
"Okay, I don't feel romantically towards Otaktay. But we could always experiment and see how I feel if I see you two together."
“You okay?”
When they were both shirtless they stared at one another for a moment before falling back together. John couldn’t get enough of Sherlock. Framing his angular face with his hands John slowed down the kiss, taking some of the nervous energy with it. He slowly kissed Sherlock, kissing the corners of his mouth, lightly sucking on his bottom lip. He carded a hand through Sherlock’s hair giving him better control of them kiss. He nipped at Sherlock’s mouth until he granted him entrance. Wanting to keep the kiss slow John ran his tongue around the entrance, tasting the man before him.
“Uh no. We were still in denial and as I remember I had to rush you home because Moriarty...well you remember.”
The man walked in their house and patted John on the side of his face affectionately like you see fathers and grandfathers do in movies. “Please enter momentarily of your volition Lachlan.”
John saw the smile Sherlock offered Rosie and his heart constricted. This man loved his little girl. How long had Rosie been coming up here? “How long has Rosie been sneaking up here?”
It wasn’t a question, Sherlock gave the man extra points for that. “No. How did you guess?”
Rosie squealed and ran off to do her note. John walked over to his writing desk and sat down, he figured he could do the same thing. But when John picked up his pen to write the words wouldn’t come, his mind and heart kept screaming “I love you!”. John’s hand shook with the need to write it and confess it. So he did it.
Another week passed and John had all but given up on Sherlock. At first, he tried telling himself that John simply hadn’t gotten their plane, either the wind took it further away or the giant had intercepted it. But his heart was heavy and he just couldn’t believe that anymore. It hadn’t snowed anymore until today. The air was still cold so the snow hadn’t melted but there was no blinding snowfall. He’d come to a realisation in this past week, there was no question about it, he was in love with Sherlock.
“I guess it’s like the Fae world; time passes differently. Remember how long it took Liam to get that right?”
“No, James shut me out long before he shut out the world.”
“Thank you Hyde.”
rude and it could have waited. But I hope you know I was joking about christening all the rooms, I was just joking, messing with Liam.”
John gave Mycroft a sympathetic smile, placing a hand on his knee. "Were you thinking of Greg again?"
John stood up and turned to Otaktay catching him off guard, he grabbed him behind the neck and pulled him up into a kiss. He kissed him as if he was kissing Sherlock, teasing coaxing. When they pulled apart John realized that Otaktay's hand had found itself in his hair. He held eye contact with Otaktay. It just wasn't there. He had to imagine he was kissing Sherlock to keep kissing him.
“Um, well, I have always been able to control the elements. I had thought all people could. Until I met you.”
Seeing that the coast was clear John continued to the council’s quarters being as quiet as possible so he didn’t wake anyone. He had no clue what time it was, time was a luxury he no longer seemed to indulge in. They had no schedule and held no regular hours. Sometimes they would be up for days at a time before they were allowed any semblance of rest.
“Not true Molly, I know plenty. Only thing I don’t know is what he looks like exactly.” With that bit of news, Sherlock turned, pulling on his scarf and coat as they made for the elevator. In the elevator, Sherlock stared at John.
by yourself.”
Sherlock blinked several times and looked up to the Officiant, that was a mistake, how did he tell the man without messing up the wedding. He looked at John who was always much better at reading and dealing with social situations. John looked just as lost and confused as he felt.
Sherlock was impressed because even with his superior hearing he could not hear what Liam whispered, but he could, however, see the effect it had on Mycroft. He was red in the face and was trying to discreetly cover the bulge forming in his pants.
Sherlock smiled at John. He had never told him his full name because it had never come up. “My full name is, William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”
Back up in the room, John found Sherlock unpacking his tux.
The giant had been eating, and Sherlock was grateful it was simply a salad and not a person, he didn’t think he could stomach that at the moment. Wiping his mouth the giant replied, “That’s no place for such a gentle person such as you. Why would you want to go down there? It’s far too boring and ordinary.”
Sherlock finally looked away, thinking.
“Hmm?”
“Is this a temporary lapse in judgment or should I prepare my parents for a coming out party?”
Sherlock was completely thrown off by John’s words he forgot all about Otaktay for a moment and turned to face John. “John?”
John was just about to call the man mad to his face when he thought about the night he’d found Rosie up here, the plant had grown around them. And then there was also what he was witnessing Sherlock doing with the water, no one should be able to control water or even the earth.
Sherlock looked at Otaktay sceptically, when he put it that way it raised his hackles and he didn't think Alasdair could make him do something like that. "And why do you think that?"
“What is it you want me to see Sherlock?”
Sherlock stood up, his back still to John. He’d made up his mind while listening to John fuss over him, he loved John too and he would show him. Turning Sherlock faced John.
“What did you do?” Liam asked.
"Don't do that. Don't give me the vampire face Sherlock."
John spoke around the food in his mouth, “Sure, sure. Why not?”
“And I figured, why not, ya know.”
He wasn’t sure how to play this off. He could hold John tighter and pretend he was still sleeping and let John extract himself or he could apologise and remove himself from the bed.
“I get no emotions, no impressions, no images from her past. She is a complete blank to me.”
“John, I love you.”
“Don’t be so morose Sherlock. Why would such an awful thought like that make you happy?”
Samantha sighed and then sat down under the tree. “The way it was explained to me was that whoever I felt threatened by if it was an individual, that is who would be targeted. For example, Sherlock by far is the most intimidating person here, so anytime I feel nervous or scared, someone or a number of people will neutralize the threat usually by means of lust and desire. But it can only work with what is already there. You adore Sherlock and if you are in the same room as Sherlock you will be the first to be hit with an overwhelming desire to have him. If I am especially scared more than one person may be hit with desire.”
“Okay, but your room was closer.”
“Then nothing else happens. But if I am still feeling threatened then it will target whoever else is in the room that makes me feel that way.”
“I was just anxious. I knew I wouldn’t be able to sleep. I don’t even like sleeping pills, they make my mind feel all fuzzy.”
What on earth had possessed him to say such a thing? Deciding to ignore Sherlock in lieu of actually kissing the detective. Focusing on the picture he squinted, Sherlock had arranged some of the pictures in a collage, “Is that an M? The blood splatter, it forms an M.”
Sherlock shifted closer to the man. He was a good head taller than him, and he was also slimmer than him, but Sherlock felt the man complimented his own looks, they would make a handsome couple.
John cut him off with a kiss, tracing the insides of Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, sweeping, gliding tasting. Driving Sherlock mad.
Sherlock was the last single man standing, as was Mrs. Hudson so they were paired together. That suited Sherlock just fine, Mrs. Hudson he could stomach, the same couldn’t have been said for any other woman whom he might have gotten stuck with.
Sherlock crushed John to him in a fierce hug. “Yes.”
He’d never had someone as good looking as the man before show interest in him, it made John’s head reel. He shifted his hand from the man’s face to his curls, he had lovely, silky hair, it looked dark brown or black but when the light played in it John could see hints of red.
“You were surrounded by empty bottles and glasses.”
John smiled at Rosie. “She’s right Sherlock, you need to drink this.” John sat on the side of The bed holding the bowl of broth. It was just warm enough like he would do for Rosie. Sherlock held out his shaking hands for the bowl. “Let me help you love.” John's eyes snapped quickly to Sherlock’s realising what he had just said. Sherlock smiled briefly, “Okay.” He allowed John to cover his hands around the bowl as he brought it up to his lips. They were chapped from the cold and the warm broth stung a little, but the cup felt great in his hands.
“John?”
Otaktay held his head down not making eye contact with anyone. “Like Sherlock, I am uncertain of what I saw.”
“I uh, I was with him when he got fitted for it and I even helped pick it out. Sholto had led a group of crows, new recruits, out and something went wrong, nobody knows for sure what happened, only that there was some sort of explosion, and although Sholto was the only survivor, he was badly injured. Half his body was severely burned, he has to walk with a cane now and he lost the use of his right eye. Honestly most people never even realize it’s fake.”
“Sorry? Why would you apologise for the weather?” John smiled at Sherlock, he looked so embarrassed.
Sherlock turned so that he could look up at John, “Better how?”
“Mr Hudson was just as talented. He could really make me-”
“So, are you gonna tell us what happened boo?”
"I beg to differ," Sherlock grumbled under his voice.
John listened to the music playing. After hearing Sherlock's explanation of how and why he creates his music, he couldn’t help but feel bad about the current piece playing. It was beautiful but so sad.
Sherlock nodded his appreciation to Otakaty. He would have defended John himself, but it always went over better when someone other than himself did it.
John chose not to study their budding relationship too closely, it was new and scary all on it’s own but once you factored in the fact that he had never had a same-sex relationship and Sherlock had never had any relationship, well then it just hit nightmare proportions.
"John is an empath and he was likely getting not only your emotions but mine and Alasdair's as well. Plus you were moving in time with your hand, I'm sure you were brushing against him as well."
Sherlock smiled tentatively, he wanted nothing more than to pull John into a hug, and even though John was touching him in a familiar way he didn’t want to scare him off. “Moriarty doesn’t let me out or leave the house at all. The only way I can think to send you any sort of signal letting you know the coast is clear is with the weather. But Moriarty is wicked smart, he is sure to catch on.”
John watched as Sherlock paced over to the couch then dropped into it like a sack of potatoes. Sherlock was still wearing his jacket. It was odd seeing him in it, but he liked it. Even more odd was the fact that Sherlock hadn’t taken it off yet. Normally the first thing Sherlock did upon entering the flat was remove his scarf and then his coat, in that order like clockwork. But here Sherlock lay in his jacket like he hadn’t noticed.
Sherlock was now truly and completely confused. Loved him?
“I- I know that eye. I-I mean I know who it belongs to. Dear God.” John reached past the eye and snatched his phone from Sherlock’s fingers searching frantically through his contacts. There, pressing the talk button John held his breath while he waited for someone to pick up. No one did. Instead of a pleasant message asking callers to leave a message, there was only a cold detached beep. John let the phone slipped from his hand to the table.
“Had you already told Greg? He didn’t seem surprised when he came to the flat.”
John set the newspaper aside and did as asked, handing his laptop over without a single word.
Lestrade waved to the room as he and Rayne left.
“So hot.” Alasdair murmured as he stroked a hand roughly down Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m so- I need-” Alasdair broke off suddenly crushing his mouth to Sherlock’s again, his kiss was awkward and desperate.
John knew he loved Sherlock. With all that he was. And it was a romantic love. He also loved Otaktay. And although he could admit that the Native American shaman was very handsome, he had no desire to be intimate with him. John recalled how turned on he had been when he awoke and realized what was going on in front of him, but now, with some time distancing him from the incident, he didn't like it. He didn't like the thought of Sherlock touch Otaktay in such an intimate manner. He didn't like thinking that it was Sherlock who just made his friend come. On the heels of this revelation John had to come to terms with the fact that if this incident made Otaktay more open to men, he would no longer feel secure if Otaktay and Sherlock ever found themselves alone. Sherlock seemed to be on autopilot tonight, what would stop him from actually taking Otaktay in the future?
Both men stripped and got into the shower.
“Oh. But how did he know- did you tell him?”
“That’s preposterous! Lover? I can barely tolerate people long enough to solve a case let alone have a lover. Who was this man, what did he look like?”
“Alright.” Sherlock turned back to his station.
"Okay, but- sorry John; John was also aroused."
After several glorious minutes, Sherlock pulled firmly away from John, this time when he looked down at his companion he saw John was looking up at him with a serious look etched on his face. “What’s wrong?” He asked, noticing his voice had gone deep and gravelly. Clearing his throat he prepared to ask again.
“Yes.”
“She. My person was a woman.”
John turned Sherlock to face him, “Now I know you only suggested a break to get me to yourself, but you really should take a small break. You’ll feel better for it.”
“She says she was in the backyard and looks like she’s been crying. She also mentioned that she knows everyone hates her.”
“Sherlock?”
“She said she didn’t give us anything and she left early this morning to run some errands and she is currently at her girlfriend's playing bridge.” John put his phone back in his pocket. “Call Lestrade, now.”
“Well, I didn’t prepare it per se, but I instructed them what I wanted and how to make it happen. And yes, if you feel obliged, I would like to have a dance later. Would you fancy a bit of music now?”
Otaktay turned and gave John a sad smile. “I’m tired, you know I haven’t been sleeping well.”
“Why do you say that?”
“You and Rosie already did a fine job of that.”
“Okay. Are you saying your husband was the one I felt in my bed or that he orchestrated the incident?”
"I, uh. I could get used to it. If that was what you both wanted."
Without thinking, or rather only thinking of comforting John Sherlock reached out a hand, resting it on the side of John’s face. His fingertips burrowed shallowly in John’s short blonde hair while his thumb lightly caressed his cheek. “I am so sorry John. She was a fool. If she couldn’t see how special you and Rosie are it is her lost and I hope she lives long enough to realise the error of her ways.”
“You said it took you hours last time.”
Mycroft grinned and showed Liam the phone, it read “Gotcha!” repeatedly across the screen. Liam playfully hit Mycroft in the arm and then leaned in kissing him to the soundtrack of the others laughing in the background.
Right on cue, there was heavy knocking on the door. John rolled out of bed to answer. Opening the door he saw it was Mycroft.
Sherlock watched in horror as John raced out of the flat and down the stairs. What had he done? What on Earth had ever made him kiss John? Sherlock hoped he hadn’t gone and ruined the only true friendship he'd ever had. Anguished Sherlock retreated to his own room slamming the door behind him.
"Sorry. I can come back." She walked towards the door.
On the ground away from the fight was a man of average looks, he was unconscious and lying in a pool of his own vomit. John rushed over to him checking for a pulse. Once he found one he turned and jumped into the fray, pulling the unknown man off of Sherlock and holding him immobile.
“Nonsense, you were tired. Do you have to work today?”
“Sherlock was supposed to help me keep mummy occupied.”
“So it is.”
“Just ask your bloody question, it’ll just come back up later, you know that.”
Sherlock passed the picture back to John. “Look at the man, really look at him. You thought the man had been injured, it’s true there is an injury there but it’s been made to look like it was self-inflicted.” Sherlock waited for John to see the obvious.
Sherlock fished in his pocket and pulled out John’s phone, it was then that he realized Sherlock never gave it to him. “Sherlock.”
"Sorry, sorry. Mycroft?"
John responded without putting his paper down, “Would you like us to be?”
“Yes, well I’ll be fine. I came in here to think to work out my body and my mind. Not socialize.”
Dream or afterlife aside his chest was burning where Rosie's hand rested. “Rose, could you remove your hand now bee?” Rosie did as requested.
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly, his hand was playing in Sherlock silken curls. “Yes, love?”
To John’s dismay when he got to the heart he noted nothing out of place and nothing that would suggest being the soul or leading to the soul. Otaktay’s heart seemed to be in proper working order except for it was beating a bit sluggish.
“Very wellllll. I’m off to fetch my own dinner then.”
Sherlock was quiet for several minutes. John didn’t take it badly, he just kept reading his paper waiting for Sherlock to decide. He knew Sherlock often acted on impulses and whims, sometimes not thinking a situation all the way through. He imagined that Sherlock was now actually thinking the whole thing through. What it would mean for both of them. The changes that would come and the explanations. John sat the paper down and took Sherlock’s hand in his own. He didn’t say anything at first. He waited for Sherlock to look up from their hands to his face. “We don’t have to be. We don’t have to put a name to it. We can just be us.”
“‘Course.”
John chuckled. There had been a steep learning curve in figuring out how to properly gauge the time difference between his new homeworld and theirs.
“John?”
“Uh, no. Nothing.”
Lestrade was stunned into silence.
“Mycroft,”
John groaned. It felt like Moriarty all over again. The gaining of new abilities and crisis after crisis testing his metal. He wasn’t sure he could do this again, and so soon after the last time. Sliding out of Sherlock’s arms and out of the bed, John grabbed a pair of sweats pulling them on.
“Okaaay. What does he do when he leaves here?”
"When did you have time to do this? Where even?"
“Really?”
The smug smile dropped from Sherlock’s face, shocked to complete silence. Little Rosie’s squeals filled the air as John leant over and kissed Sherlock softly.
“Let's hope it doesn’t come to that.” John responded.
John followed Sherlock over to the same potted plant that he and Rosie had hidden in before. There Sherlock held his hand over the pot and closed his eyes. John was so focused on the classical lines of Sherlock’s face he missed the hair thin vines that wrapped themselves around Sherlock’s forearm.
“Um, no. You would’ve had no basis for telling me such a thing.”
Sherlock frowned wondering how on earth his mother could possibly know. “How-”
Sherlock stared at John. He suddenly felt contempt for the man in front of him. And somewhere in the back of his mind, he recognised this as being wrong. Even before he'd loved John he never felt any negative feelings for the man.
He wasn’t sleeping. He wasn’t eating, he was barely living. He had moved back into 221-B simply because he had nowhere else to go. He couldn’t live in his and Mary’s flat any longer. And Sherlock being the supportive rock that he was, offered him a home, a haven.
“Obviously.”
John smiled over at Sherlock, “Was there two pictures? ‘Cause I recall you telling a certain detective there had only been one picture.”
Several minutes later he was laying Sherlock down on his bed. Promptly removing his wet clothes. Sherlock still hadn’t come back to himself. John pulled the blankets over Sherlock’s still shivering form and went to fetch more. He piled 3 more of his warmest blankets atop the man. John stood for a moment watching Sherlock. The love that swelled in his heart left no room for debate, he was definitely in love with this brilliant, talented, reclusive and stubborn man.
John shifted so he could see Sherlock. “That sounds a lot like you care about him.” John teased.
“No?”
“That’s correct, there was only one picture I spoke out of turn.”
Sherlock nodded his agreement. “Has Mrs. Hudson arrived yet?”
“Oh yeah. But you can wear them on the walk over.”
As he sat there a tear escaped and marched its way down his face. A small hand reached up and wiped it away. John looked down at his daughter, he hadn’t even noticed that she had come into the room.
“Nor do I.”
“Yeah, no, actually I only put it there to keep the papers together.”
"Well, this might be a good time to suggest adding a bit of navy, it-" Sherlock paused turning to stare at John, "It brings out your eyes, makes them sparkle."
An hour later, just to peeve Mycroft off, at 8 a.m. sharp to be exact, John and Sherlock walked into the breakfast room of the quaint little inn.
"I haven't a clue what you're talking about John."
“So what I’m hearing,” Liam stated as he sat in Mycroft's lap, “is John can judge other species, not just vampires.”
“Thank heavens you didn’t say Mycroft.”
“Sizing up the competition? What does that mean?”
“Hmm?”
John entered Sherlock's room, it was dark except for the light that trickled in from the hallway. "Sherlock are you okay?"
“No offence, but why should we believe you? You have already attacked my people. And me.” John reasoned.
“So, down to brass tacks. Little Ms. Sunshine what can you do, magically? Or supernaturally if you will?”
Otaktay looked up at John and sighed. “Yes and no. My body is healing, I can feel my magic replenishing everyday, but my mind isn’t healing as well. I’m still having nightmares and my meditations aren’t peaceful as they should be. I’m afraid that any number of my dreams may come true and-”
“To think Sherlock, to think.”
Samantha laughed nervously. “Oh, that one there is easy. He bout scared me and my stallion half to death, popping up like he did.”
"Careful John, my mother is present."
"These two men have saved each other from a lifetime of loneliness, they have been each other's shelter in the storm and anchor in the sea. The love they share is apparent to everyone but themselves. Sherlock, John, I know you have each prepared your own vows, unbeknownst to you. Do care to share them with the rest of us?"
"You can't; we don't know if whoever did this is still out there." Sherlock cautioned.
“Still, you should have a spotter. I will not talk to you as you work out.”
“Nope, had it been a bomb this whole thing would have been simpler. Either way, you would’ve ended up calling me in. At least I hope you would’ve.”
are cute when you get all jealous. There is actually a note in here for you.”
“Chances are if she knows where you so do my wife.”
“Give me half and I'll look too.”
John saw the tears anyways and rushed over to Sherlock’s side, sitting on the bench beside him. “What’s wrong? Are you hurt? Sherlock! Talk to me!”
“Why is it when the shit hits the fan we can never trust Otaktay?”
Sherlock ever the sceptic looked around. “I see nothing.”
By now the big man was back on his feet and was swinging at John. He ducked, sending two well-placed punches to the man’s solar plexus, the man went down hard. John turned to the smaller of the two bullies, intending to handle him next, but what he sees is Mr. Drunken Beauty himself has the bully in a headlock. John stands and admires the man openly, the man’s curls were going every which way as he fought to restrain the man. John thought he maybe had dark brown hair but he couldn’t really tell on account of how crappy the lighting was in the bar.
John kissed Sherlock in the middle of his back. “This is news. Bad news, but news all the same. The first bit of news about this situation since Rayne dropped that bombshell on us after the Moriarty situation.”
John and Sherlock had been slowly making batches of the cure. They couldn’t really set up shop in a factory and mass produce it because the key ingredient they didn’t have an unlimited supply of, John’s blood. They never told anyone what the cure was made up of and only wrote down the base components because if anyone ever learned John’s blood was the key all they had to do was try to incapacitate him or take him hostage to halt all production of the cure.
“Uh, sure. I guess that won’t be no problem at all. Who’s first?”
"No thank you, John, I am feeling a bit under the weather, if you'll excuse me."
“John are you all right.”
“I take notice Sherlock, you are all very beautiful in your own way. If some of you had not been pledged to another I may have even made a pass.”
“I noticed when you ordered your drink the bartender offered you the two for one special, you declined and offered the second drink to the man sitting alone at the end of the bar. The guy waved to you like it was an old habit of yours. You paid for your drink right out and didn’t open a tab.”
John scoffed, “That would create more problems then solve. I think your idea is the best. Now wash up and stop ogling me, we haven't got all night.”
Resting his head briefly against Sherlock’s John squeezed his hands. “I mean it, Sherlock. Now let’s get moving.” John stood up and helped Sherlock to his feet.
“In here John.” Sherlock’s palms were suddenly sweaty and his heart rate doubled in anticipation of John walking through the kitchen door. And if he was completely honest with himself, he was a bit scared.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his shoulders and when John began undoing his belt he said, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. What're'ya doing John?”
“It’s only been about twenty minutes John. But I did tell Mansi to
Mike Stamford stepped forward with both rings in hand, passing one to Sherlock and one to John.
John took a deep breath, he had to do this. John pictured himself surrounded by the white healing light of magic, he called more of it to him, picturing it pooling in their clasped hands. John felt the hot and cold pulse of magic in his hand, guiding their hands over he placed them directly over Otaktay’s heart. Sherlock placed a kiss to his temple and he swelled with love for the man behind him. Suddenly the magic pulsed hotter and stronger, helping John to just let all his worries fall away. He shoved the magic into Otaktay’s body and followed behind it searching out the cause of his comatose state. John decided to approach the situation differently than he did last time with Sherlock, that time he searched the body for any abnormalities, this time he was going straight for the heart. But not just the physical heart, John wanted to find what equated to the soul. He was sure that was where most of Otaktay's problems lay.
“It is dangerous to bench press without a spotter.”
John sighed and on an afterthought he wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s and Otaktay's hands, holding them in his lap.
people.”
John woke up cocooned in warmth; he was comfortable and didn't want to get up. Then he remembered, he was sharing a bed with Sherlock, and that wasn’t his bedpost pressed up against his arse.
“Sherlock, he's upset, we all get a little testy when we're upset.”
Sherlock looked at the picture for a long while and when he sat the magnifying glass down but stared out into space instead of giving his rundown of the clue John became just a little worried. “Sherlock, what is it?”
Samantha looked at Sherlock he looked more bored than threatening. Samantha looked back to John, took a deep breath and tried to smile.
John cast a quick look over his shoulder at Sherlock. “Are you serious? Then what would we do about Moriarty and his presents?”
“I don’t think he wants anyone to know how old he is. That makes him as old as Alasdair and Fíona.”
“What? Why don’t you know?”
John looked baffled, “I just spoke to you mentally. I do it all the time.”
For once Sherlock bit his tongue and left it up to John if he wanted to tell Lestrade about his shared private history with Sholto.
you should wait a day or two.”
"I was up-" She interrupted herself with a small hiccup, "...up all night.
“John, doll, I know what you’re planning to do, and under normal circumstances I would think it would be a grand idea, but with the Dark Mother possibly out there, do you think it is wise?”
Lestrade clapped his hands, “Okay, now that we know who they are what do we do now? Were you given a way to contact him?”
Sherlock gave his blank face and instead of sitting down grabbed a shirt for John tossing it to him and a pair of slacks and a shirt for himself. After hurriedly dressing he sat down.
Sherlock pulled the toast out tossing them on the plates John had provided.
“Well, I wish he wasn’t so careless with his life and safety.”
After several moments of silence John spoke up again. “I was thinking, Alasdair told us some of the first born don’t need invites into homes,”
"I can stop if you wish."
“I love you too John.” Sherlock’s words were quiet, whispered.
“Only a very posh man walking through our flat door like he had a key and owned the place.”
John circled Sherlock’s puckered entrance several more times before lightly probing with the tip of his tongue.
John took his hand back and began eating again, his concerns assuaged. The men finished eating making small talk about John’s work at the clinic and Sherlock’s current experiment. And on the way home, they held hands again.
"Take me home."
Sherlock exhaled audibly.
“How did you call me John?”
“Speaking of, we best be up. We have a full day ahead of us.”
“Come back to bed and I am sure I can think of a way to pass the time and tire you out.”
Sherlock stood reluctantly crossing his arms he pouted at John.
“Hyde said you will soon be meeting your great-great-great-great so many greats aunt.”
Outside John heard sounds of fighting going from the ally, rushing over to it he saw the dark haired beauty engaged in a fist fight. And although he was currently getting the snot beat out of him he apparently had held his own because the other man had a rapidly swelling eye and other facial contusions.
Gently John moved out of Sherlock’s grasp and looked away. How could he put this without making too big a deal out of it but at the same time not making light of the situation? Scratching his ear, something he often did when nervous or lying John looked at Sherlock finally. “Winter is upon us. Well, not yet, I know. But cold weather and icy conditions are. I- I can’t-”
with Sherlock when we first met you? Or my fault for sooner wanting to chop off Mymy’s hand than to let him touch you.”
John stood up and draped what remained of the fur blanket over Sherlock’s shoulders mindful of the fire next to him. He placed a quick kiss to the top of Sherlock's head, “I’ll be back.”
“Thank you, John, glad you like it.”
“‘Scuse me? Is it Thursday then?”
“Of course boo, whatever you need.”
John stood in the middle of the room waiting to see if Sherlock would be along. After about 15 minutes he took Rosie over to the makeshift bed and placed her on the end. He didn’t want her to take up too much of Sherlock’s bed. The bed was about the size a full sized bed but I looked to be made of some kind of spongy plant. There was cloth on it that was serving as sheets. It was clean and dry, he couldn't ask for anything more for his daughter.
“You think O led them to us?” Liam didn’t bother keeping the disbelief out of his voice.
“Oh, maybe just a couple hundred.”
As if reading his mind his daughter answered him.
“Oh Mycroft, don’t tease.”
John left the room in a hurry, now that he had the means to wake up Mansi he was anxious to do so.
Sherlock sighed, one hand burying itself in John’s hair. “Yes.” His response was breathless and when John started to loosen his trousers he didn’t protest.
“Rosie, step out of the room for a moment and pull the door closed with you please.” Again Rosie did as requested without a single argument or hesitation.
“My husband has been using black magic for ages. He conceals his true nature with it. Don’t let him divide you, you are stronger together.” Fíona stood and caressed John’s cheek as she did, “You remind me so much of my brother.”
“I’m human, I don’t understand your question.”
Otaktay held up a hand cutting off Sherlock's retort. "You do not recall it accurately. Or one of us does not and I suspect it is you."
John closed the door and walked over to where Sherlock stood, “Gift?” He saw there was a gift expertly wrapped under the tree. “Uh, I didn’t Sherlock. Perhaps we should check with Mrs Hudson before opening it.”
Sherlock observed the two men, wanting to take a couple of steps back as to not intrude, but John reached out and grabbed his hand. The paramedics were loading James Sholto onto a gurney and trying to be as gentle as possible.
John and Sherlock were sitting outside in a private section of a fancy restaurant, Sherlock had grabbed a bite before coming. The men were laughing and talking about something trivial when a woman came and sat down at he their table.
John started backing away the man. “Uh, I - I should be getting home.” John frantically turned on his heels and took off to find a cab. What had he been thinking? He didn’t even know the man's name. John found a cab, jumped in and gave his address. Looking at his watch he was surprised to see it had been almost 3 hours since they had left the bar.
“John?”
“Sorry I still don’t understand. How could you stop the rain?”
“Aaghhh!”
John circled around the table and dropped onto the couch beside Sherlock shaking as he reached for the eye.
John was seated on the couch watching Sherlock pace back and forth. “Sherlock,” Sherlock kept pacing, deep in thought and completely oblivious to anyone or anything else. “Sherlock, let me see the photo.” Sherlock continued to pace and mumble to himself. John picked up the throw pillow and tossed it at Sherlock hitting him square in the face. Sherlock shocked stopped pacing, shaking his head he looked at John, “Did you just hit me with a pillow?”
John heard just the slightest hint of smugness in Mycroft's answer. John glared at Mycroft, squared his shoulders and gave Sherlock his full attention. "I was going to tell you, in fact, I told Mycroft to let me tell you."
! I’m sorry Sherlock, I’m so bloody sorry! The weight of it all, how can you still stand? How can you still stand me? I put you through so much, I’ve-”
John looked up and smiled, “No, no row. Everything is good in here. We had ourselves a small break and now we’re settling back in. We have to find the last person.”
John nodded, “Okay, makes sense. Now what if I am not present"
“Better wrinkles than pounds.” Sherlock shot back.
"Brother? I don't understand. Do you have more than-" John stopped speaking midsentence as he saw the Officiant pull off his black wig and fake moustache. "Son of a-"
John reached up a hand, and with shaky fingers wiped at a tear running down Sherlock’s cheek. “So, you’re serious then? This isn’t all some elaborate scheme?”
John spoke up, Sherlock needed a reason to leave the mixer. And-”
Sherlock had only ever dreamed of being able to touch John uninhibited. He’d had sex before, it had always been about satisfying his body when he could no longer deny his body's needs. And his partner never engaged in foreplay or any kind of actions that could be mistaken for caring. On the days that Sherlock felt like receiving he'd prep himself before meeting up with the man. And in hindsight, he would need to text the man and call off their whole arrangement.
John took several deep breaths and then covered Mansi’s hand with his free hand so that hers was sandwiched between his two. Closing his eyes John went searching inside of Mansi. It was getting easier to detach his consciousness from his body and enter someone else.
“I want to have a council meeting and see what Lestrade, Rayne and Hyde’s feelings are.”
“Where’s the dead body John?” This was Sherlock’s unique way of asking what’s the rush.
“Well, how are we to know what is even wrong with Otaktay?” Lachlan asked.
The next night Sherlock was leaned up in a corner watching the room pretending to be drunk when he walked in. John Watson. He watched with apprehension and excitement as John looked around the room and then upon sporting him started towards him.
"Oh? What is it then?"
“She’s much too young for lessons. What if she breaks it?”
“Do you have your phone? We’re gonna need pictures.”
“I’m sorry you don’t feel welcome in my home. We’ll try better.”
Sherlock looked down at the small girl before him she was cute he supposed. He really wasn’t sure. But she had certainly grown on him over the past couple of months. He had begun to become fearful of his master finding the little person and eating her whole. He wasn’t even sure how she had found this place. But since she continued to show up he decided to teach her something useful.
Sherlock made his way back towards the bar he suppose he still had time to stake out the place, there was about another hour before closing and he could return tomorrow night to scope out the inside again. He had a killer to catch.
"I know Sherlock. Come here."
Sherlock turned and looked away. John looked as defeated as he felt. How could he tell John he was upset because he had realized he was in love with him and now knew he would never have him truly?
“Babe, I get it. Otaktay is important to you. Even if he wasn’t you would still be trying, I know. But has it occurred to you that a lot of the abilities you now possess are not those of a typical judge?”
Samantha looked up then. “Really? I was in the backyard by the big tree. I was gonna leave, go back home, but realized I don’t have a cell phone and I have no clue where I am to even try to get to an airport.”
Sherlock waited until John had snapped several pictures before lifting the vellum paper out followed by several sheets of tissue paper. Beneath the tissue paper, a gruesome sight awaited them. John almost dropped the phone while Sherlock stared down at what remained in the box. “Pass me the phone John.” Most people would think badly of John and his reaction to the boxes contents, they would argue he had been a doctor, sights as such shouldn’t bother him. But what most people failed to remember was John was an army doctor, he saw injuries that would pale the face of any seasoned surgeon and not only that, John himself had been injured while in the line of duty; had witnessed friends getting hurt and worse, dying. When John saw wounds, Sherlock was certain he flashed back to other wounds he had helped fix and even some he could do nothing for.
“Yeah, I get that. I’m sorry my nerves get the best of me and effect y’all the way it does. It’s why I live alone.”
Otaktay got off the bed and was heading out the door when John spoke up. “Otaktay, what aren't you telling us?”
“Thank you, John.” Major Sholto saluted John as he was wheeled away.
"I'll put out the fire and then y'all can find a way through," John yelled. With his thoughts alone he put out the fire. It had begun to spread to the walls that were still standing.
Sherlock opened his eyes and smiled sheepishly, “Sorry bout that.”
Otaktay wanted comforting but he wasn't sure he wanted it from either of these men. Or men, in general, he was just really conflicted right now. In the end, his loneliness and solitude won out and he came in under John's arm, facing him and Sherlock's back. Even now, part of him wanted to reach out and run a finger down the smoothness of Sherlock's back. How could he both want him and despise the act?
you it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to know you would defend me. Mycroft is the one that surprised me.”
. Sherlock mentally slapped himself for thinking that.
John lay on the cool ground in nothing but a pair of sweats, his body instantly felt chilled. Breathing in and out slowly, again trying to relax himself. After about ten minutes he turned his right hand down so that the palm was touching the earth and his left hand he cupped. As always, he pictured the magic as a physical thing, seeing it in his mind eye creeping over the ground and rolling into his hand like a mist, this time he wanted to add another element, love. He remembered the boost in magic when Sherlock was holding him, when he had thought about all the love he and Sherlock had for one another the magic had flared, as if responding to the force or depth of that love.
Fíona gave a sad smile, “It is two-fold. I miss my husband. And I miss family.”
"Sherlock it's gone. It's all gone!"
John frowned as he thought, “That would mean that not only does Moriarty know where you live, he was in the flat.”
“Sherlock? Can you hear me? Okay maybe this wasn’t a good idea.” John and Greg helped guide Sherlock into a nearby chair.
John could feel Sherlock’s sadness and the fact that he was uncomfortable with not knowing so he changed the subject. “You know who sent the package don’t you?”
John pulled off his jumper and began unbuttoning his shirt. “I’m going to be sleeping in my pants, I don’t wear pyjamas to bed. Is that okay?”
“How does that correlate to helping us? Saying you miss your husband would make me feel you’re here to help him.”
Sherlock stared at John’s back. Was he ignoring him? Was this a joke? “John? Are you coming?”
“What, and you couldn’t be bothered to tell me to grab it then?”
“So, let me be the one try and administer the blood, no offence John, but you’re small than I am-”
Sherlock crushed his mouth to John’s and rolled them so he was on top. He settled his legs so that he was straddling John’s hips. Sherlock sat up while holding John’s hands above his head. “Are you telling me you don’t want this?” Sherlock ground his hips down to punctuate exactly what he meant. He moaned with the action that ended with a smile when John tried to get loose. Opening his eyes he stared into John’s eyes, “Tell me what you want John.”
The two men were quiet for several minutes, Sherlock’s eyes drifting close. John thought he was asleep until he blurted out sleepily,”What happened to Rosie’s mother?”
“Don’t be like that boo. I had to send Mymy away because there had been two attempts on his life recently and I don’t think I’ve caught everyone involved. Maybe John now would be a good time to come visit and see if you can judge fae as well as vampires.”
John was quiet for a few moments clearly thinking. Giving Samantha a smile he said, “I am truly sorry you’ve had such a rough time of it since arriving. And it seems my powers are on an upswing again so I seem to have little control where it’s concerned, so I’m sorry for making you do something you didn’t want to do.”
John opened his eyes lazily and stared at Sherlock, in the close proximity it hurt his eyes a bit, but he needed to see him. He was getting conflicting emotions from his vampire. Sherlock was sad and happy. He was putting off copious amounts of love. But the underlying hint of grief is what worried John. “Of course. I’d like that.” He wouldn’t deny Sherlock so small a request.
“I don’t wish to wake up so I won’t.”
Understanding hit Sherlock like a ton of bricks. Turning to John he gave a small growl.
“Ah. And you don’t look like a doctor or soldier.”
John tossed the saw away as he turned catching Sherlock around the middle throwing him over his shoulder, running to the trees for cover. “Cover your face so the branches don’t scratch you!”
John looked at Liam quickly before focusing on Mycroft.
“And the giant likes eggs?” John’s tone was incredulous.
Sherlock could tell that even though John was now noticeably calmer he was still not focused. Sherlock allowed his free hand to gently stroke John’s side, he nuzzled his ear humming softly.
Sherlock simply smiled while he prepared the heart for disposal. The song played on, dipping into low ominous notes. Sherlock watched as John stopped what he was doing, listening with his whole body.
“Dammit Sherlock. I want you so bad right now.”
Sherlock noticed that John’s easygoing demeanour had changed since he agreed to not talk about work. He thought that would’ve made him happy. “John, have I done something wrong?”
“It matters. It helps to establish connections and motive. Which will then help us find where they’re being held.” Sherlock explained.
John nodded his head, “I was waiting for you. Is everything okay with you? We didn’t cause you any trouble did we?”
Sherlock’s mind couldn’t work, he didn't answer.
Sherlock accepted the answer even if it confused him a little. He went back to focusing his energy on the beanstalk and nearly jumped out of his seat when he felt John settle into the space behind him on the chair, his strong thighs cradling his.
John sobered up and sat down next to Sherlock, as he reached for his phone again Sherlock quickly captured John’s hand, keeping him from picking up the mobile phone again. “I don’t think that will be very productive. Maybe we can triangulate his whereabouts by pinging his phone.” Sherlock offered.
“Sherlock,”
Samantha looked over to Liam and then back down at her hands on the table, still coming across as bashful. “Nothing, I’m afraid. Otaktay seems to think I’m some kin to John, many times removed of course. Some people call me Dr. Doolittle behind my back. But that’s bout it.”
“Making Papa Sherlock warm again.”
"You coddle him too much John. Sherlock, it's a good match, the only match I suppose. John is a patient man; he is already used to your odd hours and habits. He is a military man, and understands loyalty and honour."
“Allow me.” John pulled the bottoms down Sherlock’s long legs pausing only once to nip him above the knee. John tossed the pyjamas on a nearby chair and proceeded to remove his own pants, relishing in the way Sherlock’s eyes followed his every movement.
"Yes, John I suppose you should learn to take orders all over again and let others do the talking for you."
"No, no, I get it. Mycroft can't be with the one he wants to be with so he chooses the one person he knows won't love him back, setting himself up for a failed marriage from the start, simply so he can tell mother he knew better than to try. Although, I had always pictured John marrying for love, not money."
John gave a sad smile. “Happy actually. That means while he was getting himself off with you he wished it was me. Now look, I'm sorry you've had to find out about he and I this way and that Sherlock didn't have the decency to invite you in and explain it to you, but I won't allow you to try and insult me in my own home. I sincerely wish you the best, now good day.” John positioned himself between Sherlock and the man, gesturing for the man to leave. John became uneasy, and a shiver ran down his spine when the man straightened up and gave a smile. The feeling of familiarity was back with a vengeance. “Do I know you from somewhere?” John asked.
John smiled at Sherlock’s empty threat, at least he hoped it was empty. As he slid back to gain access to more of Sherlock’s chest he felt Sherlock’s erection poke at his arse.
Sherlock froze, he couldn’t have heard his brother right.
He walked to the sitting room and dropped like a sack of potatoes into his chair. The cure. Someone had destroyed their cure.
Sherlock turned and looked at John then, “I don’t know.”
“Alright, Sherlock, to start I just want you to sit next to me, don’t share your power with me unless I ask.” Sherlock nodded his understanding and John looked over to Liam, “And you, same thing. If you feel me start to siphon too much of your power leave the building. I don’t know the reach of my power but if I start doing that…” Turning back to Sherlock. “If I need your help I will try to tell you one way or another before I do it, but just as I told Liam, if I take too much leave. Immediately.”
“Okay. Let’s eat.”
John smiled at his princess, she was the most perfect child that ever was.
John got up and found some clothes he thought might work for Sherlock. They were too big for him and not long enough but the handmade boots would help to offset the length. He gave Sherlock his warmest coat, hat and gloves.
“Y-Yes!” he rasped.
Sherlock frowned. “You didn’t have enough to inebriate your actions and I didn’t have any drinks.”
“But you see the effects you are on them? Would it not have been better to be truthful with them then to lie?”
“Woohoo! Sherlock?”
John stopped his leg press then, turning his head to face Alasdair and look him in the eye to gauge how truthful he was being. “
“Exactly,
Lestrade smiled at Mycroft and Mycroft gave him a nervous tight lipped one back. Lestrade took his hand, “You aren’t having second thoughts now are you?”
“Come on now John, when have you ever given up on anyone? We all know Otaktay is an emotional mess, he doesn't handle them well, like most people in this group. But you have to remember he is also older than he looks. When people get around his age they start feeling regret and depressed over life choices. Be patient with him, he’s your friend.”
“You know my name, where I live and probably where I work. And all I know about you is that you are a freelance crime solver. Seems a bit unfair wouldn’t you think? At least tell me your name?”
“If that is true, then we have an unsolved case, the one with the two pictures.”
Sherlock walked over to Molly and gave her an only slightly awkward hug. “John and I have been doing a lot of hugging as well. Thank you, Molly.”
Sherlock squinted at John. No way John had just given up the fight like that. "Okay?"
“Course, you can’t?”
John thought that over. Alasdair was the father of vampires couldn’t he be exempt from being judged?
"Sherlock, are you alright?"
Samantha’s face turned scarlet and she looked down at her feet.
“I am both a vampire and a lycanthrope.”
“You know, I never really realised how much you pout when you don’t get your way Sherlock, you’re like a bloody kid.”
Sherlock couldn’t touch enough of John, his hands were everywhere as was his mouth, he alternated between John’s lips, neck and shoulders; kissing and biting. “John!” Sherlock gasped.
“No! I try to talk to him as little as possible. He works for the government, it’s fine.”
"I know, but I still worry. Would you like to watch some television with me and get some takeaway?"
“Hmm?”
“Have I? What proof do you have? Let me guess, you’re basing this all on things my husband has said.”
“Well, think about it. Everyone here is something that goes bump in the night, even me. Why should we lock her up for being different? She hasn’t hurt anyone.”
Sherlock had been waiting here for John to wake up and come down, but when he’d heard him on the stairs he’d almost bolted. It wasn’t until he heard John that the state of his undress became apparent, and normally he wouldn’t let things like that bother him, but he had been up all night thinking over yesterday. He suspected that John not only cared about him but was in love with him. And now he was feeling panicked and scared. For what he couldn’t say, technically nothing had changed between them, but now Sherlock’s eyes were open. “Good morning John, I was waiting for you.”
John stalked back and forth anxious as Sherlock and Rosie worked before him. Rosie was in good spirits humming. While Sherlock’s face was screwed up in concentration. They had about an hour and a half left of the night, and after that who knew how long they had before the giant awoke and found his prized Sherlock gone.
“John” Sherlock’s thumb was stroking the side of his face in an absent-minded fashion, “John, I know you are hurting. And I know I could never take the place of a lost child,” John was stunned that Sherlock knew from whence his pain came from. It would be a much more logical assumption for him to be mourning the loss of his lying, backstabbing, cunt of a wife. Mourning all that she took from him, time. So much lost time. But Sherlock had cut through all the haze and saw to the heart of the matter.
Allowing his consciousness to search inside of Mansi was not unlike his experience with Sherlock. The main difference and he guess the biggest and most important difference was the spark of life. Sure in Otaktay proof of life was everywhere, in his flowing blood, his beating heart. But in Sherlock there was a bright pale light all around, no source was evident. A coolness in Sherlock that he assumed was his life force. Even without the beating heart and flowing blood that cool spark was what let John know Sherlock was alive. Here in Mansi there was nothing, almost like being in space on the far side of the moon no light, nothing.
Once Sherlock had started the car he took John’s hand. Easing the car out of the garage he turned left, glancing at John to see if he had any input, John’s eyes were open and turning white. He briefly wondered if this was how it had gone when John had gone looking for Mycroft. Eyes back on the road Sherlock pressed down on the accelerator.
Sherlock took an abnormally long shower. He was tired but he feared he was too wound up to sleep. He had thought about taking one of John’s sleeping pills, John hardly ever took them anyways and he probably wouldn’t even notice is Sherlock took a couple. But the pills were in the other room. As was John and a single bed. They would be sharing a bed for the remainder of this weekend and Sherlock certainly couldn’t hide in the bathroom the whole time. Sighing Sherlock squared his shoulders and entered the room beyond. He had hoped he’d given John enough time to fall asleep. He knew they were both tired, it had been a long trip out here to the country.
Sherlock shivered and rolled over onto his side facing John. His eyes were closed and lips slightly parted.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. Looking down, sure enough, there was a small puddle of saliva on John’s chest that dripped down to pool on the bed. “So sorry ‘bout that,” Sherlock stated as he sat up, not making eye contact.
"Hmm?"
John frowned. "I don't follow."
John tipped Otaktay's head up so he could look him in the eyes. Before speaking he took Sherlock's hand so he could better gauge his reaction to his next words. "If you could have more without causing problems between Sherlock and I, would you want it?"
“Thank you.” Sherlock said simply.
John looked at the man suspiciously. He was sure he didn’t know the man. He was too upper crust to run in his circles, not that he had much of anything resembling circles. He sat down again, his interest piqued. “Can I help you?”
Placing his hands on the bar and lifting John stopped looking at the man and brought the bar down to his chest and up again completing one rep. “Not to be rude, but can I help you?”
“The door would be my guess.”
Otaktay looked at the two men on the bed placed his fist over his heart and bowed his head before leaving the room.
“There aren’t very many names on the list. Only about seven or so. Hopefully, our person is here.” Greg passed a list to the two other men in the room.
“Thank you, John. For- Why were you out in the dreadful snow?”
John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck with his nose appreciating the unique scent of Sherlock. He always seemed to smell of baby powder, tobacco and something slightly more masculine. John nipped at the skin just below Sherlock’s ear lobe, producing a low, deep whine from the man beneath him. It sent a jolt straight to John's cock and he moaned with the feeling of arousal.
“No, this is fine. Just get on with it.”
John began thrusting against Sherlock just as surely as if he had been inside him. “Oh G- Sherlock!” John rested his head in the crook of Sherlock's neck, panting, quietly repeating his name.
Molly and John both looked up from their task. “What?” Sherlock asked, unsure what he’d done wrong. John gave him a smile and went back to work. Molly stared at him for a long while and seemed close to tears but eventually nodded her head vigorously.
“Of course you’re here, I wouldn’t be in the least bit surprised if Mike and Mycroft popped out of the closet with you.”
“John I’m nervous about tomorrow.”
“Surely you can handle our mother for at least 30 minutes so I can dress properly.”
would give you the strength to keep your love to yourself, suffering because you thought I would be happier with someone who wasn’t you.” John reached up his own hand, wiping at Sherlock’s tears now. “No, you can’t repla-” John broke, his sobs burst from him, he couldn’t hold them in any longer. He cried for his little Rosie lost, he cried for the way his life had become, he cried for Sherlock always being the strong one emotionally, and being told he had no emotions. He cried for them, and their time lost. Mostly he just cried, letting his body, grieve while Sherlock held him tight against his chest.
John had a hand in his hair slightly tugging. Lestrade was here taking a statement and picking up the prosthetics. Sherlock was leaned against John holding his free hand. If Lestrade held any shock or reservations about their obvious recent development he didn’t show it, and John appreciated it. Lestrade was a complete professional, that was until he put his notepad away.
“Are you alright John?”
"Nonsense. We deserve each other."
"Wait, what?"
John kissed and nibbled his way down Sherlock’s lithe body stopping only when he reached the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjamas.
Hissing in pleasure Sherlock’s grip tightened on John's shoulders. “John, this isn’t- aah, this isn’t necessary- mmm. I never bother with foreplay anyway.”
Once Mycroft was off to his fitting Sherlock crept out of his room and back into the sitting room, leaning against the wall he asked, "He's gone then?"
Sherlock stepped into the man, the man was an expert kisser, he kissed like no one’s business and Sherlock wanted the full experience, he wanted to touch every inch of the man before him and be touched by him. He thrust his hands into the man’s jacket, running his hands over his broad chest, he was firm beneath his fingertips. Sherlock moaned into the kiss, this was heaven.
“You can sit the bucket down here, thank you.”
“Please let me help you through this John, let me be there for you like I have never done before.”
“I’m not sure if that is exactly a good thing, Sherlock.”
“Yes, I suppose you’re right. Thank you for helping us.”
great.” Sherlock chimed in.
John blushed, "Yeah, we agreed, no tongue. Plus, it's still kind of weird you know?"
Once Otaktay had left out Sherlock went to start the shower for them. “That- this is a bold move.”
There was a television on in the corner with the sound turned down, the news was on and they were discussing the case that Sherlock had just closed.Even though he couldn’t hear what they were saying he was sure they were praising the skill and hard work of all those involved in bringing the perpetrator to justice. Sherlock couldn’t help but reflect on the case, sure they knew the who, the how, and the why, and they had a face to put to the crime, but Sherlock knew they hadn’t caught the real mastermind, James Moriarty. Their last several cases all ended the same with their crim confessing and reluctantly selling out the brains behind their crimes. James Moriarty appeared to be a consulting criminal; someone who sold his expertise to anyone willing to pay.
“Well, where is Samantha then?”
, he thought. Leaving his own towel in place, John bent and retrieved the lotion from his bag. Turning back to Sherlock he wiggled the bottle at him.
When Sherlock turned and faced him, John’s heart broke. Sherlock was like an open book, he believed he didn’t deserve love and would not have it. He was prepared to go to the extreme to stop his pain. John felt like an utter cock. How long had Sherlock been living his life for him? How long had Sherlock been subjecting himself to John’s ire? How long had Sherlock been in love with him? He suspected it was before Mary. Christ! Sherlock had helped them plan the wedding, had stood in as his best man. He’d been shot by his wife and yet he still stood by their sides and did everything in his power to help them. And never with any show of thanks. Sherlock stood a broken man before him. It must have been so difficult to bare himself the way he did. He wasn’t an affectionate man, at least he had never shown that side before. But in that instance, John was reminded of all the little touches, inquiries of if John was okay. Standing up for him even when it wasn’t needed. Helping John to look more like a hero than he was. And all of John's girlfriends, it made so much bloody sense now. Sherlock had always shown he cared.
Sherlock's eyes popped open, this wasn’t what he was expecting John to ask at all. To be honest John’s jacket was quite comfortable and it smelled like him which was nice too.
was ready to.
“Mansi and I will patrol the perimeter. Get some rest John, maybe a nap will do you some good.” Delma and Mansi left out the room again.
John heard Samantha answer him, she sounded scared and very close.
“Then what do you staring at me in the bar have anything to do with knowing alcoholism runs in my family and all of that?”
“Yes, Papa Sherlock.”
“Nooo. Say it like you did before. Like you mean it.”
Sherlock began walking away from the group, he needed to get away and think. Sherlock walked with no destination in mind. When he looked up he saw he had somehow made his way to a secluded seating area in the back of the property. It was very romantic for lack of a better word. There was a man-made waterfall with lattice work benches and it was all surrounded by expertly planted foliage so that the area was completely closed in.
Even Mycroft had a say, “I too believe Dr. Watson has done admirably well, he came up with a plan and kept us all safe when it wasn't
He nodded.
John caressed Sherlock’s cheek. “Yes. I’d never leave you with her If I didn’t.”
Sherlock, Liam, Mycroft and Otaktay all followed John into the backyard. As soon as the door closed Liam whirled on the others. “I don’t trust her!”
“Impressive.”
it in the air.” Sherlock enjoyed watching John’s face journey as he finally realised what Sherlock was saying.
Sherlock was at a lost for words, he’d never experienced a hug before and such an exuberant one at that. He held his hands out to his sides, the violin dangling dangerously from his thumb and forefinger.
“You know what I mean Sherlock.”
John reluctantly placed his hand in Sherlock’s he wasn’t sure how he felt about the whole thing. He knew he cared for his flatmate. They’ve been to Hell and back with and for one another, but was he really prepared to take a step in the opposite direction? And what if it was all just a joke or an experiment so that Sherlock could prove some kind of point, what then? John continued thinking hard not really realizing that Sherlock had pulled him into his arms until Sherlock’s hand settled against his lower back. He looked up at Sherlock, this was much closer than when Sherlock had taught him how to waltz for his wedding.
John chuckled. “Thanks everyone.”
“That is hardly my fault,” Fíona said.
“Pssh, seriously Sherlock, you’ve never been a particularly bad man.”
John stared at the stranger. “Extraordinary. Although, my father didn’t struggle, not in the least, he embraced it. Mind if we talk about something else?”
“John, woohoo, did you hear me?”
The day was upon them. Sherlock stood in front of the altar with John, and Mike Stamford was next to him. The officiant smiled at everyone as they waited for Mycroft to be walked down the aisle.
John noticing the look supplied the answer.
“Sherlock Holmes speaking. Yes, I have caller I.D., yes I knew it was you. Seriously Lestrade! That is neither here nor there. If you’re calling about- oh, you’re not? Then why on earth are you calling me for? I’m much too busy on your case for trivial matters.” Sherlock was silent listening intently for several moments. “I see. I’ll be there shortly.”
"But what about Otaktay? He didn't ask for this! It isn't fair to him."
John was sure he’d had only a couple hours of sleep when he felt Sherlock stirring next to him. “Are you all right?” he mumbled.
“Mike Stamford. He invited me to the party that night. And Mike also knows D.I. Greg Lestrade who apparently supplies you with your caseload. So I asked this detective that I didn’t know, to call you making up a case just to get you down here.”
Samantha walked in and quickly averted her gaze when she saw Sherlock kissing on him.
John's sat on the steps leading up to their flat breathing hard in disbelief of what had just transpired between him and Sherlock. His reaction to the kiss was less than desirable and he felt awful about it now, Sherlock would surely think that he hadn’t enjoyed or even wanted the kiss; and that couldn't be further away from the truth. Sherlock is probably upstairs right now beating himself up over the risk, he didn’t take personal risk, emotional risk. John was still in his dressing gown and he couldn't leave the flat so he would have to go back upstairs and talk to his best friend and explain to him that it wasn't that he didn't want him or love him but it was a simple fact that he’d never thought that he would have this opportunity and he’d panicked. And he was very sorry.
With great difficulty, John tore himself away from Sherlock. It wouldn’t be fair to subject Otaktay to that. Sherlock had great restraint hopefully he wasn’t poking Otaktay in the back with evidence of his excitement.
"Just as we practised okay?"
“Just then, you read my mind. I hadn’t finished speaking.”
“In all fairness, you didn’t ask, I assumed it was understood and mutual.”
“What could you possibly need to apologize for?”
Standing up John wavered on his feet, he felt even more tired and a bit dizzy.
“Is that all of it? And I thought you said you saw Samantha in a dream or meditation or something.”
John looked at Sherlock, he no longer wasted time questioning him how he knew what he was thinking, he just took it as gospel, it saved time and headaches. “No, it is. And before you say it, I know had it not been Major Sholto it would have been someone else and we would still be right here where we are. But if not for my association with the two of you he would be safe.”
Sherlock took several silent breaths to steady himself and then he gathered Otaktay close, his back against his own front.
Samantha shot a quick worried look to Otaktay.
"As you know, he was mad at first, but he's warmed up quite a bit. It makes me sad when I think about not being here with him anymore. We have been a team for what feels like so long now. Now it's just so long. I'm gonna miss being around here and all the little things. The two of us arguing over experiments and body parts in the fridge. Emptying the bin and grabbing milk."
“Do you mind if Rosie drops Sherlock when she addresses you?”
Before anyone could offer any more theories Alasdair walked in, he looked rough as if he had been rode hard and put up wet, not to mention the touch of contrition in his eyes. Nobody said anything waiting to follow Alasdair's lead.
After another 45 minutes or John stood up again, first checking on Rosie and then going to the pile of supplies he brought with him. He pulled free a cross saw and stand between Rosie and Sherlock he began to saw at beanstalk. There would have been more room had he stood on the other side of the stalk but he wouldn’t be able to keep an eye on their hands.
“Funny, I thought it was Scott.”
Sherlock leaned against the worktop watching while John cooked up a couple of omelettes for them. John was very efficient when it came to the mundane everyday things. It was one of the things that endeared Sherlock to him. He wasn’t an awkward, socially inept fool like himself. Normally John Watson was a confident, short-fused, socially competent member of society. He helped Sherlock in all his shortcomings. Sherlock just wasn’t good at all the social intricacies; making sure he was politically correct, plus trying to remember to emotionally and verbally hold people's hands so as not to hurt their feelings. It was all exhausting; Sherlock preferred to cut straight to the chase and not dilly dally around niceties. John was the only person in his short history that made him want to pause and think before blurting out what first popped up in his mind. And even in his desire to do so, Sherlock still apparently made heaps of mistakes; insulting John when he only meant to compliment. So on and so forth.
“Sherlock, daddy’s home.”
“Tell me what?”
A half-hour later the duo was seated in the lab at Barts. Molly leaned over a computer typing furiously. “So you and John are an item now?”
“I’m not saying this to be mean; I’m saying this to bring your attention to it. You are a part of this family. You are wanted here. Even Sherlock feels this way.” John smiled when Otaktay shot Sherlock a look to confirm, and Sherlock gave him the meh face. “Bottom line Otaktay, we care, and I want to try and heal you, the old fashioned way, with love, kindness and dare I say it, a little cuddling. If it is okay with the love of my life, I want to invite you to sleep in the bed with us tonight. I think it will help on different fronts. Sherlock?”
Sherlock felt John standing over him, his eyes were burning a hole in him. “Is something wrong John?”
“By some yes. He and I dated for a spell, and when it got out, the story was spun to make it seem like Sholto had taken advantage of me. I fought the allegations but the implications were already stuck in people's minds.”
“You would really return?”
John and Sherlock had just finished putting on pyjama bottoms when there was a light knock at the door. Sherlock looked at John,
Seeing the unasked question in the other man’s eyes Sherlock elaborated, “I was raised in this house and the only other people I have ever met were the giant’s meals and your little girl.”
“No time, I have to get to the front desk. They've messed up our reservation.” John continued on to the front desk.
John slipped his hand into Sherlock's and slowly backed out of the room pulling the vampire with him. Once they were in John’s old room he closed the door and pushed Sherlock up against it kissing him quickly.
There was that, he had kissed John and there were no adverse reactions. Maybe John thought of love in the same way as Fatima from The Alchemist, that it is enough to be loved no reason is needed. Sherlock had read a great many books, everything from romance to non-fiction and every book seemed to view love and relationships in a very different way. John would have taken his instruction on love from any of these books or any mother that Sherlock hadn’t read yet.
John wanted to ask, “What about me? Do you love me too?”, but he didn’t dare. Instead, he said. “Okay. Thank you.”
John stopped reading and looked at Sherlock as he worked now fully dressed. “I guess we have a use for those cameras after all.”
Instead of answering the question John kept talking. “Turns out I met someone else who knows you and apparently loves you.”
John looked over at Sherlock, feeling a bit panicked. “You understand, he is just a
Rosie burst into the room again jumping up on the side of the bed John had vacated. “Dada hasn’t been eating. Sometimes he doesn’t sleep. He goes out walking at night. But now that you’re here Papa Sherlock he’ll get better. You have to drink your soup to get better too.”
John gave Mycroft as serious look as he could. “I’m sorry Mycroft, as his doctor I must insist he stay behind a little while longer to properly get his bearings.”
“Molly, you’ve done enough, sit, eat, we’ll handle this.” Molly smiled at John and sat picking up a sandwich she’d brought in. Lestrade went and stood next to Molly, making small talk. It was obvious to both himself and Sherlock that Greg was completely taken with Molly. And now that he was a divorcee he was free to pursue Molly.
John and Sherlock were startled awake a few minutes after 5 by a loud insistent knocking. Sherlock struggled to untangle himself from John and get his bearings. He smiled sleepily at John, it hadn’t been a dream after all.
“In there.”
“Yes.”
*Trigger warning* Talks of suicide and sexual assault.
John had no time to react before Sherlock’s lips were pressed against his for the second time today. Both men kept their hands to their sides, letting only their lips do the caressing.
Sherlock blushed at the compliment, he never got compliments from the giant, unless they were backhanded compliments that were actually meant to insult.
Smiling at the sheer thought that Sherlock was here with them John went to fetch some hot tea and broth so that when Sherlock snapped out of his reprieve he could get hot liquids in him.
Hyde stood up gathering the dishes and taking them to the sink and rinsing them quickly. “I’ll wash these in the morning.”
Sherlock saw John take a step back, probably trying to get out of his way, but he advanced further, quickly stepping into John he lowered his head and kissed him. Sherlock’s mind blanked and all he could do was take in every sensation of his lips touching John’s, his hands on John’s shoulders. John shaking.
Sherlock stood wrapping his arms around John. “Maybe, we won’t know until he wakes up.”
“John I love you.”
“We are trouble Otaktay, we need your level-headedness and knowledge, and we just need our friend back.”
“Are you done, Rosie?”
"I am sorry John, I played you both right from the start, it was necessary for you both to believe that I really intended to marry you John. It was the only way you two would get your act together and realise you are crazy about one another."
“Okay so what is Sherlock was removed from the room, then what?”
“She is a feared monster of my people. Unhcegila is a snake-like creature which  has been blamed  for many unexplained disappearances and deaths. But you say half, why?”
Behind them Liam swept Otakaty up in his arms following behind them, Mycroft on his heels.
Sherlock watched John with barely concealed amusement. When he’d asked John to come skating with him, he’d assumed John knew how to skate. Instead, here they were in the middle of a rink and John was struggling to keep his balance.
“Well, how about you just lay there and let me take care-” Sherlock looked at John, his eyes were closed and his mouth hang slightly open. “John?” John began gently snoring. “Unbelievable.”
“Thank you.”
“I’m very sorry Sherlock, about my behaviour towards you, forgive me.”
Exasperated John slowly got up from his seat, passing the notepad to Sherlock. “You’re right. No point at all. Look this over will ya? And I will search the internet.” John proceeded to his room taking his laptop.
“The man, there, see he’s hurt. Let me see the picture.”
John noticed Sherlock still wouldn’t meet his eyes and he appeared sad at their leaving. Rosie ran over to him hugging him again. “Don’t be sad. We’ll be back, Dada said.”
“So,”
“True. You can't very well make it thunder twice once he leaves every day. Maybe we should limit our meetings down to once a week.”
John thrust into Sherlock’s hand hard. “Again.” he demanded.
Sherlock had to admit, John made a lot of sense. “Are you done?”
“My wife. I’m the only one who can stop her. We should’ve put her down ages ago, but you know how it is when you love someone.”
A new song started, it started off light and carefree. John looked to Sherlock, “Are these songs in order of when you composed them?”
"Are you sure I'm the one you want to marry?"
“You’re so clever John.”
John nodded and made his way to the kitchen where he made himself some breakfast and poured a cup of coffee. Smiling, John thought to himself, not a bad way to start his day.
John heard her due to his close proximity. He fussed over her making sure every inch of her was covered except for the pair of fingerless gloves she was wearing. She appeared to be as warm as could be.
John knew Sherlock well enough to know he had regressed to their previous topic. He passed Sherlock the picture noticing when Sherlock slid the picture of them between the sheet and his chest. He would have liked to get a better look at that picture as well.
“It wasn’t Samantha. This woman was curvy.”
There was a chorus of good nights from the table and Mycroft.
Sherlock hadn’t been able to concentrate on a single case since meeting John, not even the one he had already been working on the day he had gone into the costume shop. He imagined Lestrade would be calling him soon wanting an update on the case, he hardly ever took this long on a case.
They started back solving cases together, but things were never better, they were just a sad parody of what they once were, a well-oiled machine of heart and brains. Besides, Mary had been there every step of the way. And then that night happened; the night his baby was to be born. John stifled a sob. But she wasn’t, Mary had lied to him. She had never been pregnant, she did things to ensure Sherlock would make that deduction of her being pregnant. She implemented tactics to conceal the fake pregnancy. And once she had started “showing” all intimacy stopped, which meant no seeing her naked pregnant belly. She had been very resourceful and conniving his bitch of a wife. And when John had asked her why, why she’d done all of this, her answer had broken Sherlock. John hadn’t seen him look so broken since the night of his wedding when Sherlock
“We’ve christened every room in this house actually.”
Sitting down in front of the small child he held out a small violin made of ice. He watched as the child hopped excitedly from foot to foot as she reached for the instrument. “Did you forget something?”
“That's it? After a year of shagging and getting to know one another, you're just pushing me away?”
Mansi and Delma burst back in the room, “She is gone. No sign of her anywhere.”
“Simple. He doesn’t have time to babysit them. He wants to keep the game moving. If we don’t find them they die. If we do find them they may still die. He doesn’t care. Regardless, there will still be another box under the tree tomorrow.”
“Was this bit because we lost, Soo Lin?”
John smiled at his little girl, “Yes Rosie, I will put you up on my shoulders.” He folded his letter and Rosie’s drawing into the shape of a paper aeroplane, put it kept unfolding. John reached out and plucked a hair pin from Rosie’s head and fastened it to the plane. “It’ll make the plane a little heavier but I trust you can do it.” Rosie squealed in delight and started running around picking up her crayons. John took warm clothes out for her along with a hat, gloves and scarf. “Alright princess, get dressed, I’m going to go put my warm clothes on too.”
“As you wish,” Sherlock said as he took a seat beside John.
I got mixed reviews the last time something like this happened in the first part of the story. Some loved it, some hated it. I myself had mixed feelings. As I do now. but there are certain forces at play here and apparently, this just needs to play out, for better or for worse. We'll take this journey together.
John nodded yes.
“Hi, John. I’m Molly.” The harp introduced herself. John almost back peddled into the fire. He hadn’t expected a talking harp. Looking over to the goose, John asked, “Does it talk too?”
Sherlock stood up and began to pace. In retrospect, the D.I. had been absolutely correct. John no longer dated, he hadn’t done so in well over a year. No women came around and John hadn’t been on any dates, if he had, Sherlock would have known about it. They did indeed buy and fix food together, work together, dislike the same people and generally did everything together. Kissing John had opened the door for them to do everything together. Like, sleep together...Sherlock stopped his pacing to mentally correct himself. He, of course, hadn’t meant sex, he had meant the actual act of sleeping in the same bed. And if they ever felt so inclined to take their relationship further, they could, because that door was now open. But Sherlock knew he had upset John, he still wasn’t quite sure what John had been getting at, but he did know he’d upset his friend in some way. Mentally brushing it all aside Sherlock picked up John’s notepad. He had work to do.
“In most of my dreams I torture you and Sherlock before killing you.”
“Is she gone then?”
Sherlock bolted past John. He’d heard the woman clearly, and the pain in her voice was evident. These people were alone.
Clearing his throat Sherlock dropped the man's hand. “I guess you two should be going before my master comes back.”
“Well, look how level headed he is in spite of all of this, he's asking all the right questions and noticing things.”
“Mi Amor, this is like pulling teeth. If you don’t want to talk about it that’s fine, come here and let me chase the dream away.” Sherlock opened his arms as he laid back down.”
“Sherlock if you want me to eat, you have to get rid of the heart.” John saw Sherlock’s face fall in disappointment, he almost told him to just leave it, but he could not, would not eat while staring at a human heart.
, but your gut is saying
John had to be nudged by Lestrade's father for the rings, he had been so caught up watching Sherlock. He had never told John that he loved him but he could see it on his face. John had allowed himself a bit of fanciful thinking, imagining the officiant was marrying himself and Sherlock.
John ground his hips down against Sherlock, creating much needed friction. Both men moaned out with how good it felt. “Shh, I think Mrs. Hudson has the room next to us.” John blurted out quickly.
Liam got Delma in and then placed Mansi next to her; he then got in and let Sherlock pass him Otaktay.
“Why did you take my hand, John?” Sherlock was hanging his coat and scarf up, his back was to John.
“How does he know where you live?”
“Go on.”
“John? John can you hear me?”
“What is it, John? Are you alright?”
Sherlock squinted his eyes, Mycroft was nervous and because of that was he stalling, this didn't bode well. “So…?”
“Ms. St. James if you would follow me please, I'll show you to your room.” Samantha stood and followed John out the back of the house and over to the newly erected building that served to house the council members and any visiting guest.
John gaped at Sherlock. Don’t be silly? Did he not see all the nearly impossible things already happening? Swallowing down his annoyance. John was amused to see Sherlock had taken the time to insulate the bag, which helped to protect the occupants not only from the cold weather but the horns from the prickle bush. Sherlock hadn’t dressed accordingly but he had made sure the harp and goose would be okay. John packed the two back in the bag the way Sherlock had done, making sure they were completely covered. John walked over to Sherlock, topped his face up and kissed him. Taking the time to savour the kiss. He pressed his lips more firmly against Sherlock’s, he didn’t taste the man before him because he didn’t want to risk causing Sherlock's lips to chap any more than they already were. When he pulled away Sherlock’s eyes had gone soft and had a slightly unfocused look to them. “I wish I could help John said looking back to the beanstalk and then over to his daughter.
Mycroft scoffed.
“I know. What were you and Sholto talking about when I walked up?”
“Ha ha very funny. You said you have been with the giant as long as you can remember. And you said anything you noticed a beanstalk you got rid of it.”
“Wait, Sherlock,”
"It is with great honour I present to you for the first time as a married couple Sherlock Holmes-Watson and John Watson-Holmes!"
John sat up straighter hearing the anguish in Sherlock’s voice. Maybe he was serious and not just putting him on. “You never told me why you left. You never explained any of it to me!”
Otaktay started at John like he had two heads.
“I can enter his body and try to diagnose what is wrong,” John answered quietly.
John was slightly taken aback by Sherlock’s actions and words, it touched him that a man who had just only met him and had only known Rosie for a brief few months would care enough to try and comfort him. He covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. “Thank you, Sherlock. I-”
Sherlock let go of Otaktay abruptly. Hearing him moan brought it home that he wasn't kissing John and John was watching. Sherlock held Otaktay's gaze, his pupils were dilated and his pulse was racing. The skinwalker had thoroughly enjoyed that. Sherlock pressed on his shoulders to sit him back down on the bed. Turning to John he braced himself for condemnation. He hated that he wanted Otaktay at all. And what was worse was John being the saint that he was, was trying to give him everything he desired.
“Since you told Mrs. Hudson, I get to tell Lestrade.”
John turned then and fixed Sherlock with a brilliant smile hoping it would lighten his comment and allay his lover's concerns.
The trio worked for several hours. Sherlock was just straightening to suggest they take a break when Molly squealed.
“What does your heart say?”
John was surprised to feel himself close to tears. He was no longer interested in eating. John sat back in his chair, crossing his arms and closing his eyes. He listened intently until the song changed to something heavy with short, sharp burst of sound. The only way John could describe it was angry. And to be honest it had a sexual undertone, at least to him it did. It reminded him of angry sex. He opened his eyes and looked at Sherlock, the man was staring down in his lap with just a hint of a blush coloring his cheeks. “Were you angry with me here Sherlock?”
John strsightened quickly, very unsure of which avenue Sherlock was leaning towards. Either way, he would honour Sherlock's wishes. “Promise.” He answered solemnly.
“Nonsense, Sherlock, it’s good to hear you praying.”
“But again, why should we trust you over Alasdair?”
“Just be my anchor and help me call magic to me. If I start to syphon power from you, don’t let me take too much. We need to be prepared for anything.”
Again John shook his head. Yup, the man was mad, beautiful but mad. His thoughts gave him pause. When had he decided the man was beautiful? Shrugging it off he turned to Rosie, “Well, madam, let me hear it.”
“I know, but you make me want to be a better man.”
“Mycroft you didn’t?” Sherlock asked, laughter evident in his voice.
John stared at Sherlock a moment, he was acting very out of character. First the tree, then the outing, hand holding and now agreeing to not talk about the case. John knew first hand Sherlock really was only extra nice like this when he was up to something, it made him uneasy and unable to enjoy lunch as much as he normally would have.
“Why didn’t you come by John? You know where I live.”
I was out walking and found you stumbling about in the snow. I carried you here. And why the hell wasn't you dressed properly? You could’ve died out there, Sherlock!”
“You don’t do relationships then?”
"We haven’t exchanged blood John! I have had yours yes, buyt you have not had mine so you and I do not have the type of bond you and Sherlock have. I'm a very old psychic vampire. I am also Fae and have druid blood. I was born shielding. It is no easy feat to read me. And if you can read me everyone will assume you can read them too. Keep this to yourself for now. But if it happens with anyone else, namely a vampire let me know asap.” Liam let him go and walked back to the others in a huff.
“It could all be faked, John. Takes, a lot of work, but easy enough to fake especially for someone who has been around as long as the two of them.”
“Forcing you? No one forces you to do anything you don’t want to.”
“John, how do you feel about her?” Otaktay asked hesitantly.
“It’s not your fault.”
John sat up, squeezing another healthy dose of lube into his hand he spread across his shaft. “Are you sure Sherlock, I don't want to hurt you, and it is our first time.”
Horrified Sherlock turned his back to the small crowd and wiped furiously at his eyes. "It's just allergies, all these flowers you know?"
“Why shouldn’t I be?”
Lestrade sighed dramatically snapped a couple of pictures of the tree, the sitting room in general and the door before collecting the box and leaving.
“Yes, well, I wanted to know if the only reason you are going along with this couple business is so you can keep a better eye on me? Is this a case of you going above and beyond the call of friendship?”
“How did you just enter without being invited?”
Finally, after several minutes Otaktay met John gaze, "Yes I would. But it's complicated."
“Nonsense John, most people would just as soon believe that we’re a couple, not that I’m helping you stay balanced. Come on it’ll be fun. It’s a lot like flying.
It was John who moaned this time as he relocated one of his hands to the small of Sherlock’s back, holding him closer. When they broke apart to breathe John murmured, “Christ Sherlock, I’ve waited so long for this.”
John kissed Sherlock tenderly as he started moving. Sherlock may be one of the biggest, baddest vampires in London but he was but a man, loosely speaking. He had insecurities and concerns. It broke John’s heart when Sherlock questioned his place in his life.
“Only one in the world. Yes, he gave me that spiel. Do you know him? Does he have someone, is that why he didn’t call?”
“How did you come to find us?”
John laughed and turned on his side and scooting closer to Sherlock so he could draw patterns on the creamy expanse of his chest. “He never told me that.”
Sherlock and John both turned to face Molly.
“Um hmm. Just- unexpected.”
“Did you see him speak with anyone else at the party?”
"I wouldn't hold this against you, Sherlock."
“He has Sherlock. He’s also seen you and he isn’t bloody blind. So let's drop this and get back to the Samantha issue. Do you believe Samantha, Otaktay?”
“You know, a lot of you vampires disappear Willy-nilly, but when she does it, it just seems different.”
Turning to gesture to the woman at the door he introduced her to everyone. “She is from the states, like me if you haven’t guessed. She is a minor judge.”
“Be careful. We don’t know anything about this man.”
And together they recited the end of their vows.
“You too dear.”
He asked instead, “Walk with me?” He watched the man discreetly glance at his watch and mentally debate. Taking the option out of the man’s hands before he could decline, Sherlock hooked his hand around the man’s bicep and started walking, the man had no choice, either start walking or make a scene.
“No, this bloody brilliant. Although I would wait until after the wedding to announce anything, wouldn’t want to steal anyone’s spotlight.”
Sherlock hung up before Lestrade could say anything further. Who would’ve thought Lestrade was as insightful as he had proven to be.
“But why? Why can you go out exploring, meeting people and live your life while I am forced to stay behind, both literally and figuratively?”
A bit annoyed with the way Sherlock always continue to talk to him when he isn't even around, John exited the bathroom not realizing he was wearing only his towel. “I was in the shower, Sherlock. How many times do we have to go over this?”
"That isn't what I asked you."
Sherlock jerked around to look behind them, “What!?”
“John…” Sherlock attempted to stop John’s potentially damaging chat, but Sherlock only got a finger telling him to wait.
THUMP! THUMP!
Sherlock's mind was hazy under the delicious onslaught of John’s mouth. Without giving it much thought he thrust his hand between their bodies stroking John. John gave a deep moan of his own and jerked into Sherlock’s hand.
The sound of John gagging caused a ripple of desire to roll through Sherlock’s body and releasing in a harsh groan. “John, no more.”
.” Using the old world pronunciation.
“Illicit? How was your relationship illicit? Was James Sholto married?”
Sherlock and Liam looked at John.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. He knew Sherlock had been having a rough night himself, and showing affection in this manner was quite different for him, which made John all the more grateful for Sherlock’s effort.
“Don’t worry dada, Sherlock loves us. And he promised, pinky promised.” When John didn’t respond Rosie looked at him with her head cocked to the side and a frown creasing her brow. “You love Sherlock don’t you dada?”
John continued to visit with Mansi every day calling to her small spirit, and Delma continued to do so as well.
John shook his head the man must be mad after all. “What lessons was Rosie yammering on about?”
John saw Sherlock looking down at Rosie. It was clear that Sherlock loved his child. “Sherlock,”
Otaktay had almost made it out the room when John spoke again. “Don’t wait until it’s too late. We all agreed.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure how he should act around the man. They had made out like a bunch of randy school kids and Sherlock had stolen his wallet. “What brings you here?” Sherlock said quietly, struggling to hold eye contact.
“You take too many gambles with your life Otaktay Ravenwing, you will not always have your great grandfather's luck.”
“My ma was a god in her own right, had she not been killed she’d be alive today. I will have a long life if I am not killed. And it is in a Unhcegila nature to eat people, but we are especially drawn to medicine men.”
“John, they’re speaking another language.”
“Thank you, both of you. I will shower and gather some clean clothes from my room, while you two shower in here.”
All three of the table’s occupants jumped hearing Lestrade’s voice.
“There are things Otaktay can do that I cannot and vice versa.”
“Thank you. Can I ask you a question?” John stepped closer as he spoke, “Can Hyde be trusted?”
“Really Sherlock, give your mother some credit, you get your brain from somewhere. It was like watching both my son’s get married at the same time. Your and John’s love was as apparent as Mycroft's and Greg’s.”
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock was pacing with a copy of the picture from yesterday's box, the one with the John look alike. “I can’t make anything out! This could be anywhere.”
Pulling his mobile out of his pocket he saw that it was indeed Detective Inspector Lestrade.
Sherlock looked at John even as he answered Lestrade, “Is that supposed to mean something? My true match could be a man.”
Liam spoke up then. “That’s all fine and dandy boo but the curse was altered and has since evolved. It’s not so much a curse now but a way of nature. The cure works for the evolved vampires, but it doesn’t mean it’ll work for your kind.”
“Hmm. Everything smells great; although you didn’t have to cook all of this.”
Later that night Sherlock sat in his room on the bed with the lights out. He had backed out of dinner with John and his brother. Today he had been hit with a hard truth; he didn't want John to marry his brother or anyone. Sherlock wasn't even sure he could stand through the wedding. He didn't want to examine his feelings too closely, but he knew he wanted John to stay right here in the flat with him, and he didn't want anything to change. He had thought John was going to kiss him earlier, but instead, his brother walked in, and John had kissed him instead. Sherlock had wanted to walk over to the couple and pull them apart, maybe even scratch his brother's eyes out. He had recognised the emotion for what it was, jealousy. The past couple of months had been some of the best and worse for Sherlock, he and John seemed closer than ever. He'd not only realised but also accepted the fact that he was in love with John.
“Fine. But we must get moving. Do you have any old fur or leather? Some cording maybe.”
Samantha looked down at her feet coming across as bashful. John noticed Liam squint his eyes at her like he did when he wasn’t buying one of Sherlock’s or Mycroft’s stories.
in your debt.”
did you hear us? We weren’t loud.”
“Oh. But you’re feeling guilty anyway.”
“I am going to do some research John, I will email you later.” With that Hyde disconnected the video call.
“Okay, now where does that bring us with Ms. Samantha?” Sherlock asked again.Feeling John's eyes on him he turned and looked at him, John was giving Sherlock a look that said he wanted him right then and there. “Um, Samantha, just curious, when you are under duress does your influence to drive people mad with desire, love and jealousy heighten?”
“Sorry, it just slipped out.”
Sherlock looked over to John and when John looked back he took his hand. “I know we have both just come to our senses about-” Sherlock gestured to the two of them with his free hand, “but John, I want you to know you made me the happiest man alive when you agreed to move into 221B with me. I even sent Stamford a gift basket.”
Alasdair looked at Samantha with interest. “I heard you ran a mix matched motley crew, but I was unaware you had a Unhcegila on your team. A bit risky if you ask me."
John laughed. “He is a bit possessive, but even he misses you. We all do. I was able to wake up Mansi right before coming to see you. We need you, Tak.”
Sherlock pulled out of the kiss, “No more wasting time John.”
Sherlock and Liam frowned. John formally invited her in.
“My wife’s given name is Fíona, but after the change, she started going by Aoife, which means Eva or Eve.
Sherlock couldn't look at Otaktay right now. He was embarrassed by his behaviour and still wasn't sure how to feel about it. He scooted back against John so that his back was flush with Joh's side, and when John brought his arm down and splayed his hand over his heart he sighed.
"Can we even start over? That took you years."
Sherlock extracted himself from the sleeping man. He knew John only snored when he was extremely tired. And considering they had been awake for a couple of hours he shouldn’t be so tired. Something wasn’t right with John and Sherlock couldn’t consult Otaktay about it.
Molly looked from John to Sherlock, smiling hesitantly she replied, “I don’t have any plans I can stick around a bit longer. But I would like that break, to use the loo and grab a bag of crisp maybe.”
Sherlock walked over to the bed, pulling John against his body. “I know. Your fear is beating at me. But you’ve been here before. Remember when Otaktay and I scolded you for healing us back to back? And then you turned around and healed yourself? You knew without a shadow of a doubt you could do it then.”
“Unclean.” Delma said.
“Mon cœur, talk to me.” Sherlock placed a kiss on John's head.
John proceeded to draw her blood while Sherlock continued his line of questioning. “So?”
“So normally you only affect humans, correct?”
John left the room and headed for the back door. Since building quarters for the council, John had suggested the gym be moved in there so everyone had access to it. John checked the video monitors they had up in the garage showing the perimeter of the house. They added them in hindsight, they didn’t need anymore surprise factions landing on their doorsteps inviting the judge to come out and prove himself.
John turned to Sherlock, they had never kissed or shared any physically intimate moments before today, and their first kiss would be as a married couple. The gravity of this moment was not lost on him, and he could see panic still swimming in Sherlock's eyes. He placed a calming hand against Sherlock's cheek, he held eye contact as he pressed forward, pulling Sherlock into their first kiss. It wasn't a steamy hot kiss that would give the guest a glimpse into the honeymoon night. It was chaste and gentle, a mere pressing of the lips and yet it still took both their breaths away. John regrettably pulled away, searching Sherlock's face as he did.
The smile grew wider, “Such a smart one, I see why you keep him around Sherlock. I shall take my leave now, I can take a hint.” The man turned towards Sherlock giving one last smile before starting down the stairs.
John was leaning forward, he had Mansi’s hand clasped in his own. Delma sat beside Mansi on the bed, she held Mansi’s other hand tightly as she silently cried.
“Alasdair said the first generation of vampires probably could not be judged. And John wasn’t able to get anything on him. He only guessed that he was a vampire because he sensed someone.”
Otaktay closed his eyes briefly before answering quietly, “You just decide to and you are.”
"I learn from my mistakes so that I might offer you this advice."
“Are you all right?”
Ten minutes later Sherlock stopped his pacing in the kitchen as he heard John come in the flat.
“How much longer do you think?”
Otaktay sighed and leaned back against the writing desk. "I think he worked on us in tandem. But in different ways. You think he fed you images that aroused you and spoke to me in my own voice boosting me up to act. I put Sherlock's hands on me. I egged him on with my body. While I believe Alasdair worked on his mind feeding a different reality than what was actually transpiring. If John had not woken up I think it would have gone further."
But before he could cry out his release Sherlock beat him to it, burying his mouth against John’s shoulder to stifle his cries. Moments later John joined him in release, dropping bonelessly atop Sherlock. After a couple of seconds John struggled to move off of Sherlock, he knew he was heavy but Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist. “Stay, just a moment.”
“I was curious,” Sherlock spoke so low John almost couldn’t hear him.
“A Christmas Carol?”
John quickly dressed and gathered a couple of things in a bag. Grabbing a chair on the way out the door he motioned for Sherlock to follow him. “I’m going to get you set up at the beanstalk and come back with Rosie and some warm drink.”
“It was very strange. After I called the magic to me Samantha looked blurry and out of focus. When Sherlock took my hand she still looked out of focus but it was clearer, almost like static on the telly. It almost felt like I could see another face beneath hers or maybe even like a ghost was hovering around her.” John shook his head and looked at his hands thinking.
“Where’s my brother?” He burst into the room without being invited. Taking a quick glance at John the bed and the state of Sherlock Mycroft said, “Bout bloody time. Now get up Sherlock I need your help.”
Sherlock stopped eating and looked up at John through his lashes. John never really jumped at working cases. He was usually more concerned with keeping them safe and only became more invested when he knew exactly what was at stake. They had yet to find out the stakes, so this helped to further cement the idea that John was behind this case, not Moriarty. “John, did you fabricate this case as a gift to me?”
“Speaking of Otaktay, have you tried speaking to him again John?” The question came from Hyde.
“What’s that?”
“No one is here but me, like always.”
“I don’t know truthfully, haven’t given myself time to process this new
Sherlock looked at John and knew what he was thinking and feeling without asking. He himself was seething with anger. But he knew something that John did not.
“Please Sherlock, we could start this day over. Either act like it never happened, or- we can go back out to the sitting room, try it all again or look at the damned present. I promise not to react badly.”
Sherlock looked at John in shock. “It’s more than fair. You contribute to the solving of the cases just as much as I do.”
John reached into the side table and pulled out the lube, squirting a healthy dose into his hand, he let it down between Sherlock's cheeks.
“Just tell everyone you are Sherlock-sexual.” Sherlock's head lay on John's chest as he drew patterns on it as they spoke. John's voice sounded so relaxed and the gentle rumble of his voice echoed in Sherlock's ears making him sleepy.
“Alright everyone, that is our cue to end the night's festivities, let these two lovely ladies properly get reacquainted. Goodnight everyone.” John leaned over and placed a kiss to Mansi’s temple and left out dragging Sherlock behind him. They stood in the hall and waited as everyone took their turn telling their “youngest” member goodnight. John took notice of how Samantha and Hyde stood closer to one another, more than he remembered ever seeing them do previously. He also took notice of how Otaktay stood away from the group. Holding on to Sherlock’s hand John beckoned Otaktay over. “Once again, goodnight everyone.” John walked hand and hand with Sherlock and Otaktay until they made it back to the house and their room. Shortly afterwards he heard Samantha and Hyde enter the house and head past their door and down to the basement room.
Hyde and Mycroft walked in, before either could ask, Sherlock, blurted out clearly annoyed, “I am fine." With just a hint of suspicion, he asked, "What did you do to Alasdair?”
“So you plaster their faces all over the tv and newspapers, while John and I look for our victims.”
"This is true."
Wetting his lips, Sherlock began to hum with the next bit, the tempo picked up slightly showing his bravery, his intention of storming the castle gate and professing his love. John closed his eyes into the next part. It was soft and happy, meant to portray the feelings of love if John accepted Sherlock.
“Honey, what do you mean you can’t?”
.” Sherlock felt ridiculously close to tears, John always knew what to say, what to do.
“Over here Lestrade.”
As they continued on John heard a noise, he didn’t want to tell Sherlock holding his hand was putting him at a distinct disadvantage. Something had Sherlock spooked, he didn’t normally seek comfort of any type, let alone cling to John like a damsel in distress. The noise came again and acting on instinct John dropped Sherlock’s hand and reached for his gun. But it wasn’t in his holster. John turned to Sherlock and the detective passed the gun to him, butt first. They stood silently listening to the night. When the sound came again John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, mindful to take his left hand leaving his own left hand holding the gun. John had qualified with both hands but he was much better shot with his dominant hand. Reaching a new room John signalled for Sherlock to wait. They listen for several more minutes when John heard talking.
John wasn’t about to stare a gift horse in the mouth, he would take this win and not think too much of it. Turning the bacon one last time he grabbed a mug and fixed Sherlock’s coffee just the way he like and then turned and passed it to him.
Sherlock just looked over Mrs. Hudson’s shoulders, not really hearing what she was saying, he was watching as John pulled out the woman’s seat for her. As if John could feel him staring he looked up at Sherlock and winked.
“Oh. But I like your room.”
"Indeed."
Sherlock looked away, feeling vulnerable, “Because you care for me. And you know I like a good locked-door mystery.”
Samantha looked thoughtful and then said, “I don’t believe so.”
“Ah, so now I understand your hesitation, you’ve kept in touch with him then. Don't worry, we’ll get him back John.”
Sherlock snapped out of it and rushed over to John, “Sorry, what do you need?”
“How can you be a detective and not be very good with people? Besides he was quite charming the night I met him.”
“Correct, you are in rare form today detective.”
“You want him Sherlock, that’s why you’ve been so hard on him. He’s offering, so take him.”
John entered and approached Fíona, “May I?”
“It could be.”
Sherlock scooted over so that his head was in John’s lap.
“But I want to stay up and talk. I may never get this opportunity again.”
Alasdair walked right over to Sherlock, John and Liam stepped in front of the vampire. Raising his hands Alasdair stopped walking, “I mean no harm, and I apologize for my earlier behavior.”
Sherlock berated himself for getting his hopes up, John didn’t mean what he’d hoped he meant by his words; he simply meant that all the people at the wedding were boring and he much preferred the company of his best friend. Nothing more, just John being a good friend.
"While everyone is sleeping. I've been making batches and secreting it away."
Hyde calling his name brought John out of his thoughts. “Sorry?”
“You have yet to tell us the purpose of your visit,” Sherlock said again.
“You think she can do what you do?”
Sherlock had been reduced much to the same state, occasionally pressing a kiss against John’s shoulder, holding him while they moved against one another.
Sherlock nuzzled John’s ear and whispered, “There is plenty of other things we can do instead.”
“It’s fine. Turn over.” John raised up on his knees allowing Sherlock to flip over, he now had a perfect unobstructed view of Sherlock's world class arse. Settling down he straddled Sherlock right below his arse cheeks. For shits and giggles he squirted the lotion directly onto Sherlock’s back. Sherlock gave a yelp of surprise when the cool lotion hit his back. John couldn’t help it, he laughed. He began to massaging the lotion into Sherlock’s back, smoothing it down his back and arse.
“How are you doing that?”
“Oh, no reason really. While you were away a little blue bird flew inside and I realised I am going to die here. Possibly in this cage even.”
Sherlock was in heaven. He leant forward kissing John, but his mark was off a bit in the mark. He ended up kissing John on the nose instead. John simply guided his face down to meet his in a gentle kiss. Sherlock sighed again.
“But you want there to be, correct?”
Liam was not alone, Mycroft and Hyde also stood at the door.
“Yes. Men. The women are a bit harder to pick up.”
The drunk man let the bully go and made the mistake of turning his back on him thinking he was properly cowed, he wasn’t. John watched in horror as bully number two grabbed Mr. Beauty Queen by the arm, swung him around and threw a punch. The man dodged at the last second and the punch skims his face. John was grateful; if the man had made a direct contact this beautiful specimen in front of him would have had a broken nose at the very least. John rushed and grabbed the bully before he has a chance to go after the other man again. Taking him by the wrist John twisted the man’s arm up at an awkward angle and hissed in his ear, “Get your friend and get out before the cops are called. And just for the record, you’re in a gay bar you git.” He shoves the man forcibly and watches as he helps his friend to his feet and they both hurriedly walk out.
John opened his eyes, “What? No. I just, it’s- I need you Sherlock and you deserve better than a fast shag.
John looked at Sherlock, he looked horribly tired, his eyes and nose were red and he was staring at John in a way he’d never done before, honestly, it scared John. He watched as Sherlock squared his shoulders and met his gaze. Unconsciously he took a step back.
“It will take time because it is frozen. I should start now. And when Rosie wakes up she should help me.”
“Kind of you to ask John, but I am very comfortable, your jacket is nice, warm. It’s like being hugged while I’m laying here.”
“So where are they?”
John wanted to deepen the kiss but they had work to do. He pulled away slowly smiling in the dark. “So do you think you can rot the beanstalk from the inside out again?”
John felt like squirming under both men's intense gazes. He took a step back out of Otaktay's embrace.
Sherlock relaxed a little, not totally convinced. He allowed himself to lean a little against John, offering himself silently.
“Sherlock, I think I’m in need of an outting tomorrow night. I’m starting to get cabin fever being cooped up here.”
Sherlock reached and touched the spot on his face and flinched, it was tender. “I’m okay, but thank you.”
"I'm sure you're in a position to give relationship advice."
John smiled, keeping his eyes closed he replied, “I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed as he felt John’s lips touch his. It had felt like his body had been waiting on this, starving and John’s mouth was the only place to seek sustenance. Sherlock opened his mouth, giving John permission to fully explore.
Sherlock frowned, “What?” His voice came out scratchy and he cleared it before speaking again. “What on earth are you on about? Why would you think I’m sick?”
Mycroft raised a brow to John and spoke out loud. “Liam said he was fine and wanted to hear what Hyde had to say. You’re getting stronger John.”
“Sherlock, we are not prepared to take this all the way tonight.”
“Also still in denial and you almost burnt the club down.”
John gave a soft sigh before answering. “I haven’t really given it any real thought yet. you know, with threat after threat.”
Sherlock was unsure of how much time had passed between coming in his room and the hesitant knock that now sounded on his bedroom door.
Sherlock frowned, “You're not my first John, you know that right?”
“Wait! You said you would tell us how to wake Mansi.”
“Mrs Hudson, excuse me, I really must get going.” Sherlock walked out, but a moment later stuck his head back in the door, “Uh, I’m really sorry about the noise Mrs Hudson, I, uh-”
Finally looking up at Alasdair, Sherlock barely shook now but his eyes glittered and shown with his power. “You may be the “All Father” of vampires but you are a newcomer to our happy little circle. Do
“Like a paper plane?”
“I just think what I want the water to do and it does it.”
“I mean, I skated when I was a kid, I thought this was one of those things you never forget how to do?”
Sherlock gave a fake shudder, “He did, it doesn’t bode well.”
The man turned back to look out at the water and they stood and companionable silence. Sherlock was acutely aware of the fact that had he been standing here with anyone else, he would, in fact, be standing alone after their last exchange most people found him intolerable for even short periods of time. Sherlock was feeling bold, he liked this man and he wanted to see what it was like to share a moment with a person who genuinely liked who he was and who didn’t hold him in contempt.
“Sherlock. That wasn't nice.”
“For startling her. I, uh, I shouted at her.”
Sherlock gave a hearty laugh that Alasdair soon joined in on. Sherlock noticed that Alasdair’s eye twinkle with mirth. “You’re nothing like I would’ve imagined.” Sherlock stood stretching, revealing a bit of skin across his midriff. Alasdair watched the flash of skin until it disappeared back out of sight. Sherlock noticed but wasn’t quite sure if the elder vampire was looking at him in lust or just staring into space, he decided not to make a big deal of it.
fall victim to that.”
“Oh, I don’t know. You just don’t look the part I guess.”
Turning back to the hurting man at the door Sherlock said, “So, I won't be needing your services any longer. Thanks for everything.” And he proceeded to try to close the door on the man.
"Heavens no. It will never work with Greg. Besides, he may not be interested."
“Well, now they can watch us leave. Come along John.”
Sherlock's body hummed with the need John awoke in him. John had been increasingly aggressive, initiating their love making whereas before he had been content to let Sherlock lead their relationship. Sherlock was perfectly okay with letting John take lead, he’d always been more of a submissive in the bedroom anyway. Sherlock dug his nails into John’s shoulder as he arched into his touch, hissing his name.
Sherlock turned to Alasdair, “Will you two be staying the night?”
“Yes, they actually made a counter-offer, and I agreed.”
Sherlock heard the terror in John’s voice and raced into the room. “What? What is it, John?”
John sighed as he removed his shirt. When he reached the other men he tossed his shirt over to Sherlock.
“I just had to see it for myself, Sherlock in love. Unbelievable.”
John and Hyde both laughed at the mental snarl Sherlock gave.
“But it wasn’t like that at all. I didn’t know for sure that I was dreaming until Otaktay confirmed it.”
Mycroft looked pointedly at Sherlock as if to ask why he wasn’t doing this menial task.
"Not to mention you aren't even sure how you feel about it."
“John…” Sherlock whimpered before John quieted him with a kiss.
John was in a bad way. But what Sherlock did not know was that he and gone out the same night he saw they were missing and bought ten miniature bottles of whiskey and hid them in various places. He never drank them, but they were there like a security blanket, he felt better knowing the alcohol was there if he ever felt the need to drown himself in that slow liquid death. In the sitting room, he kept the lights out and went directly to his chair reaching down into the cushions, looking for one of the bottles. He couldn’t find it. Okay, maybe Sherlock had found that one. He was turning towards a bookshelf when he heard, “John.”
“Please do, you know I hate surprises.”
John watched in amazement as the plant untangled itself from the mess it had become when the giant had entered the room. After the plant had cleared enough of the way, John climbed out and reached for his daughter. As soon as Rosie’s feet touched the ground she raced over to Sherlock throwing her arms around his legs.
“Was it Mycroft? I’ll deck him! I don’t care if-”
“Actually, the mercy was for all the other women.” Mycroft answered snidely as he walked away.
“Otaktay?”
“Ah, you’re right. Well Otaktay definitely met me in person under the same circumstances. Mansi and Delma met me in the middle of a fight with Moriarty's men.”
Sherlock, Lachlan, Mansi and Delma all seemed confused. John asked Sherlock telepathically, “What’s wrong?”
Liam and Mycroft walked over to Alasdair, Mycroft dropped to one knee, staying there, and Liam dropped to one knee and hopped right back up.
"Sherlock, your brother would never go for that. He is very understated."
John had noticed the man was walking straight now and no longer talked with a drunken slur. They had made it to a side street with benches that overlooked the river. He turned and looked at the man again, he really was good looking and impeccably dressed. “You’re not drunk are you?” he asked. The man pulled him over to the railing that kept people from falling down the embankment.
“So you are not only the father of vampires but all lycanthropes as well.”
protector. But- but if you find the strength in you to do this, I would be
Running a hand through his hair he looked away for a moment before he pressed on. "Tak, how did you feel about that?"
“John.”
"Tell me your reasoning, your real reasoning, please."
“Time out.” Sherlock said standing up. “Start over. I think an explanation is in order here.”
Looking at Rosie he admitted out loud and to himself for the first time, “Yeah princess, I love him.” Rosie smiled at him, hugged him quickly and ran off to finish her dinner.
“Sherlock, you need your sleep, you’ve been running yourself ragged since you started the last case. Please get up and go get some rest.”
Grabbing the afghan from the back of the couch John covered Sherlock’s sleeping form with it. Deciding to do something useful instead of staring at Sherlock, John put the food away and then set about making them some breakfast. If this was to be his new duty while working strictly with Sherlock he could live with that. At least this way John could keep a closer eye on Sherlock's eating habits.
“Oh. Uh- I don’t mind. I- it was just unexpected. I’ve never had a hug before.”
Molly had tried to sound casual, uninterested but Sherlock could hear the interest in her voice. It had been brought to his attention that Molly had a bit of a crush on him. He had found the thought ridiculous and hard to believe. John often accused him of being cruel to her, so how could she care about someone who treated her badly? Sherlock cared about Molly and her feelings, and he considered her a friend even if he used the term loosely. “Uh, yeah. Are you okay with that?”
Sherlock woke up to an empty bed, concern and fear attacked him in tandem, where was John?
“Sorry?” Sherlock glanced over to John.
John turned back to look at Sherlock, “For being you.”
“Are you mad?”
John looked at Otaktay. He was lying, he wasn’t sure how he knew, he just did. But why would Otaktay lie?
“Oh. Good.”
“Well, he told me he was actually an old timer, a dream walker and medicine man. You’re Liam, right? He said you were the fae king, as in a fairy. Mycroft,” She looked at the group of men and pointed at Sherlock, “is the ex-council leader and one of the oldest vampires in existence.”
After dinner was a free for all. Most people continue to mingle with their dinner dates, some danced and others went to their rooms. John excused himself and made his way over to Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson, stopping to give Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek.
Liam and John flanked Otaktay’s body on the bed. “Maybe whatever is wrong with Otaktay is wrong with Mansi?” Liam offered.
“Okay, alright.”
John's gaze went from hot and ready to soft and apologetic. "No, I should be the one apologising. I should never have put any of us in that situation. I tempted fate and this is what I get for it."
“Why were you leaving?” John kept his voice neutral and tried for soothing.
“Well, they must’ve overlooked me.” She sniffled again.
“Oh, you like that do you? My military bearing?” John laughed.
This was nice, he knew that it would be and he was pleased that Sherlock had acted on his own.
“Oh Mycroft you know how funny Sherlock can be.”
Sherlock frowned.”Don’t be silly John. Hyde isn't that old.”
Sherlock had heard her, he turned to check and see if John had as well. He had, there was a playful twinkle in his eye.
They skated hand in hand for roughly an hour. When finally Sherlock pulled them to a stop at the edge he suggested, “Let’s grab a bite to eat and some hot chocolate.”
“Enough, you're leaving, now.”
But John was clearly into women, he would never go for a relationship with him. In fact, John denied there being anything between them every time someone asked or insinuated that they were a couple.
“Why?” Sherlock asked unsure if John was joking or not.
Sherlock turned his back on John so he could hide his smile. “Wrong, John, my pouting always work on you. Sometimes you're just a little more reluctant to give me what I want.”
“Your phone’s on the table, I already took pictures of the sitting room and the package. Again no sign of forced entry and Mrs Hudson is with her sister.”
“Well, yes. He knows you better than we do.”
John gently lowered Sherlock’s feet to the floor. “Come on, we have a mystery to solve.” John took Sherlock by the hand pulling him along to the sitting room. “Couch.” John pointed and Sherlock obeyed curling up. John retrieved the gift box and his laptop before sitting next to Sherlock on the couch. “Would you like to review the video?”
Halfway to the beanstalk John stopped, there was a figure slowly making its way towards him. The person’s head was tucked in against their chest and John was sure the person hadn’t even seen him yet. As the person got closer John could tell it was a man and he had no coat on. Rushing over to the figure John’s heart stopped. It was Sherlock, he was shivering and in the light of the moon his skin, what he could see of it looked blue. John hurriedly stripped out of his coat and threw it over Sherlock’s shoulders, trying to coax his arm into the sleeves. But Sherlock was locked inside his own mind, probably trying to keep his mind off the freezing temperatures.
“What do you mean, I have both?”
“That’s okay. We can take pictures later.”
John laid back down and opened his arms. Sherlock was just snuggling into them when there was a small hesitant knock at the door. Just assuming it was one of the usuals John called out for them to come in while Sherlock placed kisses on his collar bone.
“John? I see your brain working, what are you thinking?”
Sherlock gave a weak smile, “Oh not that long, about two hours.”
“I thought I’d find you here, you having unfinished business and all.”
Grasping Sherlock under the thighs he hauled him up, bracing him against the door and with one smooth thrust he was sheathed within his tight, hot body again. John felt insatiable and he could tell Sherlock was close. He had the low breathy moan going on that he normally does when he was close to coming. “Christ I love you. I love being in you. You feel so good Sherlock, hot...tight-”
John stood up quickly as she started to walk away. “Fíona! Tell me something that will confirm that you are telling me the truth and not your husband.”
“John?”
John smiled and shook his head. “No. Allow me.”
“What was the fuss about John? The room looks perfectly suitable to me.”
“I suppose we will have to wait until tomorrow to find out what these pictures mean.”
“I can't wear the gloves, John. I need to physically touch the beanstalk.”
“Well, I came over to tell everyone goodnight, I’m beat,” Lestrade said around a yawn.
Sherlock looked at Otaktay first then at John. "John,..." He stared into John's eyes for what seemed like hours before he could force himself to speak. "I love you, John. And
“Why? Did you think I was the person you were looking for? The person for your case?”
John watched as Sherlock stroked himself once, twice and then he was on the bed halting Sherlock’s hand. “We just got cleaned up, and I’ve almost used all my lotion on you. Another shower and you most certainly will be all pruney and dry.” John tried to reason his voice going husky.
Just then Rayne burst into the room with Lestrade on her heels. “What did that she-witch do?”
Sherlock was off sulking in a corner. He hated this; forcing people to be social and interact. Why on earth should he be forced to watch John fight off the intentions of all the available women? Maybe he should  go over there and drag John off by his hair. He was his.
John smiled down at Sherlock kissing him slowly.
Sherlock looked up at his big brother, they fought a lot but when it counted they were there for each other. He loved his brother and he was happy his brother had found someone and truly hoped he would be happy with Lestrade.
“But we’ve received another present.”
Rosie walked in. Her little eyes lit up when she saw him. “I knew he’d come tonight!”
Sherlock’s father patted him on the shoulder and then waved goodnight before walking with his wife back to their room.
“Course I can. I could’ve did all of it by myself, but it feels better when you do it.”
“Yes baby, but right now Sherlock isn’t feeling well, he’s sick from being in the cold.”
It confirmed his fears, turning around quickly he saw no one but what felt like a gust of wind rushed from the spot. “Sherlock!”
John and Mycroft sat down on the couch. "This is exhausting."
“Everyone is at the reception but us. Let's go shall we?” Mycroft hooked his hand around Lestrade’s arm and they walked toward the great room that was holding the reception. Sherlock’s parents, Molly and Mrs. Hudson all started forward as well.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow in challenge.
“Why, what is it?” Sherlock inched closer to the box now on the kitchen table. The box was empty except for some writing on the bottom and expertly dribbled red paint. After taking a sniff Sherlock muttered, “Not paint.”
“Why was John able to sense what you are and I wasn’t?”
15 minutes later the men were dry and dressed. John was making quick work of a late lunch while Sherlock watched him cook. While Sherlock watched John he was struck with the notion of how much he cared for his flatmate and have utterly devastated he would be if something Jwas to happen to him. “John?”
Liam jumped into the back as John was buckling his seat belt.
“Sherlock, there is only
“Makes sense. If someone's aura is murky or dark one would normally assume the same about their soul.” Sherlock chimed in.
“Do I smell a man? A delicious sun-baked man?”
“Oh, Sherlock! I didn’t mean for you to play. Come and finish eating.”
Sherlock was never any good at calling magic to himself, that was John’s department. Otaktay had argued with him on more than one occasion that Sherlock was just holding back, that he himself being a vampire was a magical being and should be able to call more to himself easily.
Sherlock had to sit down. The kiss and John’s words had him feeling dizzy. His stomach suddenly felt like a rodent was running around on a play wheel. Walking over to the couch Sherlock dropped into it hard, pulling his legs up beneath him. He would wait for John here.
Sherlock shot a scathing look at Lestrade. “I guarantee you that's not paint; it's blood. Now, rather it is human blood or animal remains to be seen. And I am also quite sure you won’t find any prints or any other evidence on it unless he wanted me too.”
Sherlock felt Otaktay’s hands running up his back and back down to the waistband of his pyjamas. He held his breath as he waited to see what he would do. Sherlock was only left wondering a moment before Otaktay slowly started pushing his bottoms down. He placed little kisses to the middle of Sherlock’s back. And when his pyjamas were around his ankles, he felt a tentative finger delve between his cheeks, looking for the ring of muscle that lay hidden there. Sherlock groaned as he felt the digit press in. He looked at John, who was smiling at him and pulling on his erection. Sherlock moaned at the sight. This could not be happening. Otaktay pressed Sherlock forward and pulled one of his legs up. Just as Sherlock's mouth connected with John’s, he felt Otaktay breach him, and he cried out. “John!”
John’s heart went out to the stranger, to never know human kindness or love. “Thank you for keeping my Rosie safe. I am assuming this is where she has been running off to when I’m working on the farm. I’m John.” John held out his hand to the other man. When Sherlock took his hand in his he was struck by how soft his hands were. Looking at the man John was overcome with the desire to get to know this man.
“And it can wait. If you get some rest you’ll be sharper for it.”
John ran a hand over his face, “Yeah, neither do I. I’m sorry too. Must be the alcohol.”
“No, but it’s nice to see I can get a rise out of you.”
Sherlock’s smile faltered and John rushed to amend his statement. “Not that it isn’t lovely now. Did you pick it out yourself?”
“Well, we’re not out the woods yet. We still have another night to get through.”
John walked into the kitchen and stopped short. What on earth? On the table was a red tablecloth overlaid with a white knitted table runner. There were red rose petals scattered about the table. Two place settings with covered dishes, and in the center of the table was a platter with a human heart displayed with a taper candle on either side and two red long stem roses in a thin beaker.
When Liam was told he had to reside in the fae realm to rule, Mycroft objected, stating that the council was supposed to always sleep in the same location. John spoke up, stating that not only had Otaktay always lived in the states but he also felt that was a stupid rule, having all of the council in the same location only made it easier to take out the council in one shot. Sherlock agreed as did the rest of the present council. Liam, of course, took Mycroft with him and that had only been the beginning of his problems.
“So I could rip out your throat and be done with all this.”
“No. Maybe. Mainly I just needed your support in that moment.”
“Easy, I just reached into your pocket and took it.”
“I’ve kept my promise. I trust that you have a couple of syringes to draw blood?”
“Mummy is right here, who died and made you boss, nagging and bossing me around?”
- horrible."
original vampire period. It’s nothing to brag about and I don’t understand why people say me and my wife were the Original two. I was made into a monster and unknowingly and also regrettably I bit my wife, thus turning her into the
“Thank you.” John call,d out as she disappeared.
“Hyde says he is on his way back here. Are you nervous?” Sherlock questioned.
"Absolutely not. If I agreed to sleep with Otaktay behind your back you would think that is where I am any time you do not see both of us. And that will be hell on all of us."
lover, a friend only?” Sherlock nodded. “I mean it, Sherlock, you’re the only one I want and love.” John mentally slapped himself for mentioning the L word, he didn’t want to spook Sherlock.
John enjoyed the intimacy of their relationship, having someone he could talk to and confide in, but he was taking it one day at a time.
John didn’t have long to think before he saw the spot in his mind and the way it's image perfectly overlayed the picture Moriarty had sent them. “I got it!”
Liam ventured into the room hesitantly. “You okay boo?”
“I just want things to stay the same between John and me, but I want to be able to kiss him and hold his hand whenever I feel like it.”
“Sorry, go on.”
Alasdair stood up a hairbreadth later. “Yes, fun time is over, I suppose we should get back to work. As Sherlock was turning to walk away, Alasdair grabbed his arm swinging him back around and straight into his chest, one arm locking around his waist like a vice grip. Still moving quickly and not giving Sherlock a moment to react he kissed the younger vampire roughly, biting his bottom lip and thrusting his tongue between Sherlock’s as he tried to cry out in protest.
Much to Sherlock’s chagrin, he began to cry great big silent crocodile tears. Leave it to him to find the one person he was truly compatible with and that person not be interested. Sherlock was doomed to be alone for the rest of his life. Even if John and he maintained a friendship, Sherlock knew he would still have this emptiness inside him, a John shaped hole in his heart.
Sherlock appreciated John trying to make light of the situation. “Yes. And you do remind me of my childhood teddy. Same size and all.” When John chuckled his chest rumbled tickling Sherlock’s own chest and reminding him that he was still holding John. Sighing he let John go. As soon as he did John turned and faced him.
Sherlock didn’t let his concern show, John needed his support right now, they could discuss the implications later. He pulled John down into his arms, placing a kiss on his forehead.
“Nothing. Sizing up the competition.”
Sherlock kissed John back. Their lips brushing one another, their tongues charging forth and retreating in a timid game of tag.
“Oh is that not you?”
As John walked the woman over he tried to get some sort of impression from her, considering he was an empath he should be picking up something, he wasn't. Looking over to her he said, “I guess I do owe you an apology for that. It
Liam was still staring at Samantha as if he wanted to claw her eyes out for showing up to a party wearing the same outfit as him. Mentally John called Mansi and Delma to the house. When they came into the living room he introduced the women to Samantha. “She is a possible judge. Could you ladies keep her company for just a moment, I would like to speak to the others.”
“I am?”
“Unfortunately John, I can't,” Hyde ran a quick hand through his short spiky hair, it had gotten a little longer in his absence, but not by much. “This situation is a complete void, I can’t see anything.”
John’s eyes got big when he turned and looked at Sherlock. He had both hands over the bucket, but it was what was in the bucket that had caught John’s eye. In the bucket the water was suspended in the middle, touching none of the sides and it roughly held the shape of a small violin. The water was slowly taking shape and this baffled John for many different reasons. He could still see ripples flowing through the water so how can it look like it was solidifying? And then there was the matter of how it was suspended in the bucket; how it was being moulded; and how it appeared that Sherlock was the culprit.
John heard the seriousness in his voice, it worried him. "Okay. Put me down and we can talk."
“If you couldn’t skate, why on earth did you agree to come?” Sherlock asked, a smile still softening his face. John looked up at Sherlock, he found himself falling into the startling blue of Sherlock’s eyes and spoke the truth before he had a chance to censor himself, “To spend time with you.”
"Nooo, it wasn't. And it makes me doubt his loyalties once again. Also, could Alasdair have done something to influence my behaviour."
Otaktay stood up. He looked at John struggling to keep it together and then at Sherlock who looked like he was waiting for the declaration of a death sentence. "I'll give y'all some time."
“John?” Sherlock hated the sound of his voice right now, it sounded weak and uncertain. “What did Mrs Hudson say?”
“And?” John prodded when Otaktay stopped talking.
“What now?”
Sherlock jumped at John’s demand. Pulling his phone out he dialled Lestrade. “This is Sherlock, could you come to the flat right away, and oh, bring bomb disposal just in case.” Sherlock hung up without waiting for a response.
"Hy-Hydeee only slept with me because Alasdair told him to. He was only being nice because of him!"
“Relax Sherlock, I was only having a joke.”
Sherlock stared at the other man, outwardly he gave a slight smile but inwardly he was panicked, had he gone too far? Had he scared him off, made him mad? “I must come clean, I have to admit I was watching you at the bar when the men who accosted me thought I was staring at them.”
After several long moments John continued, “Otaktay told me he wasn’t waking up because he didn’t want to. The bastard had the nerve to thank me for healing him.”
“Even if I hadn’t
“So, how are things around here?”
“I don’t know if I have that luxury Liam. And we still don’t even know what has happened to Samantha.”
“So what you’re saying is me and John are already in a relationship, the only thing missing is the intimacy?”
John woke up like he did every morning gradually, slowly becoming awake and mentally listing the things he needed to take care of on the farm. As he was mentally going through his list he became aware of the fact that he was holding someone. A full grown male someone. John then remembered he and Rosie had come back to visit Sherlock and had gotten stuck here overnight because the giant had returned. It was obviously Sherlock he held to his chest, which meant that had to be Rosie curled up against his back.
“You have a gut instinct. You always have a gut instinct, John.”
Sherlock stroked a hand up and down John's back. "Perhaps this is the way they fight. A mental battle, a battle of wits. Most creatures do evolve; and sheer strength may not be enough anymore for vampires with modern technology."
John nodded.
“Blah, blah, blah. Goodnight Mycroft.”
“Sure. Must be a handy ability. Most people don’t really pay attention.”
Sherlock looked around. No one else was in the dining area. He leaned forward glancing down at John’s lips.
The next morning John woke up to the smell of coffee brewing. John stood up stretching, realizing he’d spent the entire night in the chair and Sherlock had finished decorating the tree. It was magnificent. John stood there several minutes just taking in the sheer splendour of their Christmas tree. Sherlock had gone all out. There were lights, and bulbs, glass icicles, and ornaments. Finally getting his fill of the tree he turned to enter the kitchen only to find Sherlock standing there sipping on a cup of his own. “Good morning Sherlock. The tree came out really well. You truly outdid yourself.”
John had gone back to cooking. “So is that the secret of it then? I have to drag you to bed with me to make sure you get any sleep?”
John chuckled and turned around herding Sherlock over to an empty chair. “Sit. I’ll get you coffee, but I imagine you should still be in bed. You seem to be very tired, you couldn’t have gotten much sleep.”
John ever mindful of the situation didn’t melt against Sherlock like he normally would, nor did he offer up his mouth for a kiss, Mansi lay in front of them in some kind of comatose state with her life mate desperately holding her hand, he would not be insensitive.
“But I don’t understand why he is so damn secretive. He knows all of us are suspicious by nature and not talking to us will only make us more suspicious of him. Especially since he brought her here and have admitted to not feeling himself still.”
“Really John, he means he had sex with us then killed us.” Sherlock replied groggily from the bed.
“Nope.”
“What did you mean by torture exactly?”
“Thank you. Stay here.” John started back towards the beanstalk and giant. John had gotten close enough that he could see the giant lying on the ground holding his head and moaning. Luckily John was still hidden from sight. The giant was hurt, blood was trickling from a wound on the back of his massive head.
Sherlock pulled a chair over to the bed, sitting down he took John’s hand. “What would you have me do?”
Sighing again John considered Sherlock’s words. He supposed he was right, perhaps it was a leftover habit from being in the military. “I sense no threat from him. But I feel he has an ulterior motive for being here besides helping us take his wife out.”
Sherlock went back to the computer and records he was searching through.
“That doesn’t make me trust him more.”
“So where exactly have you been all these centuries?” Sherlock sat across from Alasdair as they played chess. John was off with Liam practising mind stuff. Liam wanted to test the limits of John’s abilities. It was apparent to everyone who had been around from the start that his power was growing.
John pulled Rosie in front of him and tried to shield her small body with his, and then something peculiar happened, the man started playing on his violin, a fast jovial beat. The soil in the pot started to open up causing John and Rosie to sink down further. And then the vines of the plants started growing and twisting becoming thicker so thick John couldn’t see out.
John fisted his hands in the front of Sherlock’s pyjama top, dragging his body closer.
Sherlock took a deep breath, stood up straight. Here it came, the punch to the stomach. John was about to tell him he loved him of course, they were best friends. But he didn’t love him in a romantic sense.
John used all his strength to push the pot out enough so he could squeeze through. He worked the ground every day and he knew he was pretty strong, Sherlock looked slim and slowly in comparison, how on earth did he move the pot by himself? John slipped through the hole and was immediately thrown off balance by Rosie hugging him. He motioned for her to stay quiet. Taking her hand he stepped further into the room away from the hole and the threat of the giant. John turned in a circle, awed and slightly in shock. There were pictures of Sherlock, pictures of John and pictures of Sherlock and John with Rosie in the middle. They were all drawn by Rosie and covered almost every wall. There were other pictures of course, some of flowers some of plants, even one of fire. All drawn by his Rosie. It shocked John that Sherlock would keep them all, he didn’t seem the type to be sentimental.
He went in search of Rosie so he could make their letters into paper aeroplanes. He found her in her bedroom on the floor with her crayons spread out around her. She had drawn a picture of the three of them, Rosie in the middle as always, and she placed a heart in between each person. It was sunny in the picture, their house drew in the background and they all had huge smiles.
“How do you feel?” Sherlock asked standing up.
He placed a quick kiss on his lips, “Good; because I want you here with me.”
John kept pumping. Waiting.
“John, did you hear me?”
Sherlock didn’t hear John’s rant, he completely zoned out after he heard the shorter man say he wasn’t alone anymore. The rational side of his brain argued that that was not how John meant it. But the hopeful more romantic part of his brain insisted that it was exactly what John meant and then it took it a step further by calling up images of the two of them holding hands, the way John’s face lit up when he smiled at him.
Mansi and Delma nodded and marched out of the room.
Looking Sherlock in the eyes he blurted out what he hadn’t wanted to say, what he had been putting off for weeks. “I can’t allow Rosie to make the climb up here in this type of weather, it’s too dangerous. And I can’t very well leave her down there by herself. We are going to have to stop visiting until after the winter thaw.”
"I'm not trying to excuse my behaviour, but don't you think it odd that I would do that while sleeping, and that Otaktay would allow it?"
“Sherlock, can I come in?”
