“I don’t need your charity.” He finally says, frowning.
Steve laughs at him good naturedly. “You didn’t need to dress up! This is a casual thing.”
“You’ll wait for me after school?” She asks him, with a small smile.
“I had fun tonight.” Tony tells him, avoiding his eyes.
“Um… hi?” Steve tells her.
“You poor dear.” She says sympathetically.
“What is this?”
She puts out plates and they all sit down at the table. Sarah in the middle, with Steve and Tony sitting across from each other. They begin to eat, and Tony is pleasantly surprised at how good this tastes.
"How long did this take to make?”
“Bye.” He scrambles back into the house.
“I know! I’m sorry!” He apologizes, unlocking his blue 1965 Ford Mustang.
“Since I’m going to meetings with my dad, I get my spending money back so I can quit this job.”
“So, are you going to be good here?” Peggy asks him, pulling on her coat.
“I just got ink all over your arm! It must have been on my hands and smudged off.”
“You know it. It’s my last year, so I better.”
“Fine. Bye, Steve.”
Eventually, he gets tired of this. He misses his boyfriend. So, when he sees him in the library that afternoon, he can’t help himself. He slides into the seat across from him.
“I was planning on going with Pepper, but she didn’t really want to go anyway so she’ll be glad to be let off the hook.”
Today is graduation. Their senior year is officially over. They are soon to be college students, which is just as scary as it sounds. Him and all of his friends are splitting up to go all over the country and he probably won’t see most of them ever again. He tries not to think about it.
“Makes sense.” His nonchalance fills Tony with relief and he lets a small smile work its way onto his face.
“Hi Steve.” Tony says, with a small smile.
“Is your mom home?” She asks and Tony has to restrain himself from rolling his eyes. He does not want to be back on the topic of his parents again.
Tony almost laughs out loud at the image of Clint sitting at an empty table in the cafeteria. “There’s no way he would say yes.”
He took a deep breath. “Nope.”
“Oh hello! Yes, he is right here, hold on.”
“Who would go to a diner at one in the morning?”
“Bye.” He thinks he sees a small frown, but his expression morphs into one of indifference so fast, he is not even sure if it was anything else to begin with.
His mind drifts to the hypothetical scenario that is dress shopping with the cheerleading squad. Him sitting in a chair in some frilly dress shop and having to give his opinion on all of their outfits and pretend like he cares. Based on the number of Pepper’s friends, this is a three-hour ordeal at least. This leads to his clear answer.
“Absolutely.”
“What are you going to do about it?”
“How could you make me choose? I love him and this is my entire future!”
“Don’t put words in my mouth.”
Tony is taken aback for a moment. He opens his mouth to respond, but before he can come up with something to say, the doorbell rings and Pepper leaves to go answer it. Tony grabs his drink and follows her down the stairs.
“What’s next, you’re going to tell me you put pineapple on your pizza?”
“That’s a lie. It’s because I stop and buy us coffee on the way to school.” He gives her a grin, before pulling into the drive-thru of the nearest coffeeshop.
“Yeah.”
The Hayes High Falcons win the game. Of course, they do. They’re incredible.
Steve sighs quietly from next to him at the admission and Tony is grateful when he chooses not to comment on it. “Where do you think you will go?”
Steve takes his hands and gently pulls him back to the couch. His eyes are wet with tears as well. He whispers, “I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Yep. It is calm and smooth and simple.”
“Okay. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that, I’m just a little tense. But yeah, it was great.”
They all talk for a while longer as they eat. Tony learns many embarrassing stories about Steve, much to Steve’s dismay. Sarah listens intently as Tony talks about school, which made him both embarrassed and happy. Eventually, they finish their meals and bring their plates into the small kitchen.
“Where are you headed?” She asks, eyeing his outfit.
“Okay thanks, mom.”
“Okay.”
“What? It’s true!” She defends.
“Why would I waste my time reading a book when I could just get the story by watching the movie?”
“Holy shit.” She says.
“I think Tony’s a little drunk.” Steve stutters.
“Yeah.” He says, only slightly above a whisper, looking away.
“Stop.” He rolls his eyes.
“The school dance.” He tells her through a mouth full of cereal.
“Thank you.”
“Okay, we could, but…” He trails off and looks everywhere but his eyes.
“He’s a character.” Steve says as soon as Clint is out of earshot.
“Wow, that’s impressive.” She lets out a low whistle. “What does he do?”
“I see how it is. I’ll be upstairs. As you can see, it’s late, and I have school tomorrow.”
To say that things are weird between Steve and Tony would be an understatement. Steve hasn’t been to the diner in days. While they usually talk frequently, they haven’t spoken since the party. Tony hasn’t even really seen him since then, other than a few glimpses in a crowd of other students. Steve is clearly avoiding him, and Tony can’t blame him.
“Okay.” He rubs his arm nervously and stares into his milkshake as he begins to talk. “We’ve been friends since ninth grade. We originally became friends because he was well known and popular and I thought it would make my dad happy. It did, because pretty soon everyone at this school knew who I was. Well, they found out I was a Stark. It got me into the good graces with people at school and I got lots of benefits. Clint was thrilled because I paid for things and got him more attention. We always have fun though. We go to parties and sneak into amusement parks and he is really funny, so we actually are really good friends. Pepper only focuses on the ‘he uses me for money’ part though, and not the actual ‘we hang out all the time’ aspect.”
“Hello, sir.” Tony nods at him, hiding the bag behind him.
He rolls her eyes at her. “Can you not be so embarrassing?”
“Tony. Open the envelope.” She tells him forcefully.
“Thank you.”
“Well it looked great. Ready to go?”
“That’s great!” She tells him, enthusiastically.
“Yes, sir. In case you forgot, I need money.”
“Thanks, love you.” He gives her a small smile before disappearing out the front door.
Her tone gets much more serious, “Yeah, sure. What’s going on?”
He looks around at everyone at the dance before spotting Pepper and James gazing into each other’s eyes. He wrinkles his nose, jokingly. “They’re so gross.”
Steve chuckles awkwardly. “Thanks?”
Steve’s mouth drops when he sees it. Tony knows his house is at least four times bigger than Steve’s, with its formal living room, dining room, massive kitchen, and multiple bedrooms. That is one of the reasons he had delayed bringing Steve home in the first place – he didn’t want Steve to feel bad about what he has.
“I don’t have any money to go out to lunch or get gas, so I have to get a job.”
Four days later, he has another deep conversation with Steve. He doesn’t know how or why these keep happening, but he hates feeling so vulnerable. He both misses and despises the times before Steve when almost none of his friends knew his really personality or anything remotely deep about him. Yet here he is, laying on the roof of Steve’s house, looking at the stars and talking about the future, like one of the romance movies his father produces.
When the bell above the door rang, Tony’s heart stops. He is half tempted to not look up, but his curiosity gets the better of him and his dark brown eyes meet Steve’s icy blue ones.
Steve’s eyes flick to the worn t-shirt Tony is wearing. “I can tell.”
“Well, you didn’t seem interested in talking to me at all, as weird as that sounds. I’m surrounded by people all the time who talk to me for selfish reasons, and I saw that day as an opportunity to get to know someone real. God, that was cheesy. I’m sorry. Also, I’m aware of how privileged I sound. ‘Poor little rich boy has too many friends.’” He scowls into his drink.
“Hey! What are you boys doing?” Officer Prescott, a friend of Tony’s dad, asked them, heading over.
He works for another hour before the bell rings and he sees a bunch of girls he recognizes from school come in. Luckily, none of them have noticed him in his yellow apron, so he ducks into the back offices where his aunt is.
“I understand, sir.”
“Don’t get smart with me.” He snorts when his eyes fall on Tony’s yellow apron. “Where do you work?”
“Pepper’s great.”
“I thought it was pretty good, I can see why you like it.” He said with a small smile, avoiding his eyes.
“What’s your family like?” He asks, changing the subject.
Tony glares at her. “Stop.”
“I’m still sorry though.”
San Francisco- 5 Seconds of Summer
“Really? Because it looked like you were kissing this boy.” Howard’s voice quivers with anger.
“Hold on!” He waves him off, before redirecting his attention back to Steve.
“I’ll try harder.”
He returns home at exactly two thirty in the morning. He collapses on the couch almost immediately. Due to an unfortunate twist of fate, he hears the garage open, and a minute later, his father appears.
Peppers mouth falls open. “Those are your two touchiest subjects!”
“When are you free?”
“Yes, he is.”
“For sure!” He didn’t have to fake enthusiasm about this, as Hayes High football games were legendary.
He almost cheers, but he knows that will cause his father to immediately take it back, which would not be appreciated. As much as he will miss his late nights with Steve, he knows he can do that whenever and now he can have free time and a solid sleep schedule. Plus, having money isn’t too bad either.
“See I don’t get that. It’s a genre of guys just vibing.” Steve argues.
Howard whips around and narrows his eyes. “Don’t you get smart with me, young man.”
“Nah, they just put on a show like that in front of other people to make it seem like they have good parenting skills. But jokes on them, they don’t need to worry about me having girls in my room.”
Tony tenses, already predicting what his dad will have to say about this. “I understand, sir.”
“What are you doing?” Tony looks up from his book to where Steve is sitting across from him.
“Yeah, I hope so.”
“Really?”
She comes up to him after practice with a huge smile on her face.
As bad as Tony thought his Sunday was, it is nothing compared to Monday when he has to see Steve again. He walks into the cafeteria with Pepper and immediately scans the crowds for his ex-boyfriend. When he sees him, he is at his usual table, but with his sketchbook open and turned directly away from the table where they are headed. His position would be too much of a coincidence if it wasn’t intentional, as he is in the spot that would make it least likely that he would have to see him.
After another hour, they all are finally ready to leave. Tony is drained, so he can’t say he’s sad to see them go.
“Let me guess yours – Starwars.”
“I’m leaving.” He pushes past his father and into the hallway.
“Yep.”
“Yeah! The party starts at seven, I wanted to make sure we had plenty of time to get ready!”
Hotel California- Eagles
“Hopefully, my Aunt Peggy will let me work at her diner.”
Steve gives him an incredulous look. “Do you prefer movies over books?”
He pauses for a minute, not knowing what to say, before admitting, “I talked to Pepper.”
“Okay, bye! Have a good day!”
“Oh definitely. She scares me and I’ve known her since we were toddlers.”
It takes about an hour for Steve to finally show up. By this point, he is on his third beer.
“What’s wrong with being at home?”
“Shut up.” He scolds, though they both have massive grins on their faces.
“Great.”
Steve breaks the silence after a few seconds. “Well, I think it’s pretty clear what has to happen.”
She places a hand on his arm comfortingly, before telling him, “Then you can pick through the other schools you applied to.”
“Thank you.” She turns and looks at Tony expectantly. “Aren’t you going to tell me how nice my dress looks, Tony?”
“I’ll try to be home more.”
Tony takes the empty seat next to him, purposely ignoring the angry look from his teacher.
“Where have you been?”
“Oh, it’s homemade.”
“Out.” He shrugs, vaguely.
“Had to outgrow them at some point.” He shrugs, before tightening his tie.
“Yeah, the Winter Formal.”
“Wow, you have an extensive record collection.” He says in awe as he runs his hands along the sleeves.
“As soon as possible?” He tells her cheekily.
“Of course, my mistake.” He laughs.
After about an hour passes, Tony gets a little bored.
“Yeah, sure.” He stands up and grabs his lunch. “I’m gonna go, I have to talk to Fury about a chem grade.”
“You still want something to happen between us? Even though I’m being kind of a jerk?” Tony asks him hesitantly.
“It’s no problem, honey. When will your last day be?”
“Anthony! Are you ready to go!” His father calls up to him.
“She’s cute.” He says, not knowing what else to say.
He blows her a kiss. “You’re my favorite human being ever.”
“I work the night shift… I need to make a little money. I got caught smoking weed and my dad cut me off. I don’t exactly want any of my friends to know that though.”
“Yeah, I know.” Steve shakes his head before smiling at him as he launches into another long speech about the most recent movie he’s seen.
She gives him a hug before climbing back out the window, leaving Tony alone with his thoughts. He thinks about how he is supposed to talk to Steve or even see him without wanting to both throw up out of nerves and kiss him again. He figures he can probably talk to him at lunch or at work.
“Fine.” He slumps into his seat.
They pull into their regular coffee house and order. “Two cold brews with milk.”
She puts a hand on his leg and looks at him in the eyes. “He’s right.”
“The problem is that you don’t need to be out until odd hours of the night. You need to be professional and not disgrace our family with your teenage shenanigans.”
“Who is that?” Clint asks, standing next to him.
So, he sits on Steve’s couch, clinging to him like a scared child, eyes red and puffy. As Steve starts to help Tony up, Tony subconsciously tenses.
“And your dad?”
“Nope, this time I’m committing.”
He gets to the movie about thirty minutes early. He can’t help it, he’s excited. He puts his car in the best place and waits for Steve to get there.
“Oh! Yeah, right.”  He jumps up and heads to get the coffee grounds.
About thirty minutes later, they are all situated on stage and the ceremony can begin. The principal talks for a few minutes, as Tony waits for his turn to talk. His leg jitters in anticipation and he keeps exchanging glances with Pepper, who is a few seats away from him. Finally, he is called up.
The boy comes and takes a seat at the barstool in front of him, so Tony asks, “Can I get you anything?”
“Of course, it is.”
“Here, I’ll wash, you dry, and Steve can put them away.”
Pepper jumps up next to him and yells, “Yes! You’re going to college!”
“Wow look at you go.” He compliments as they walk back to his car.
“Where are we going?” He asks as they walk out to the car.
“Fine. Keep your secrets.” His mouth quirks up into a grin. “But I’ll cave.”
He frowns. “Yes. I kind of kissed him after our movie.”
Tony smiles at her and tugs Steve out of the room, while Maria turns back to her paperwork.
She nods and skips off to the other girls. He walks towards the building ignoring the various people calling out to him from various places around the school yard. After making rounds and talking to his friends, he gets to his locker and begins to unload his books. As soon as he shuts his locker, a familiar face appears in front of him.
He looks up and meets her eyes, suddenly very nervous. “What if I get rejected?”
Steve is interrupted by Pepper coming outside and Tony is both frustrated that he doesn’t know what Steve thinks and relived because a part of him doesn’t want to know. “Hey there you are! I was looking for you guys inside. What’s going on?”
“Fine. I was kissing him. In fact, we’ve been dating for almost six months now.” Tony stares into his face defiantly, ignoring the throbbing of his bicep under his father’s tight grip.
“Oh no reason. Can you just tell her I need to talk to her when she’s not busy?”
Tony is taken aback. His father had never mentioned this before so why now? He guesses now that he is semi-willing to work at the company for the time being, that needs to be his first priority. It isn’t as if that is his long term plan though. For now, if he has to go to meetings, he should at least be able to do what he wants with his free time.
“Yeah, sure.” He grabs his keys off the counter and kissed her cheek. “Bye, love you.”
“Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain.”
“Sorry, I was in no hurry to get here.” Tony shrugs and crosses his arms, causing laughter to ripple through the class.
“I’ll let you know. I don’t want you to wait too long for me.”
“There is no need to be sorry. This is what I am here for. You can talk to me about anything.” Steve tells him with a small smile, before walking over to him and wrapping him into a hug.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” He gasps, trying to wipe it off with the sleeve of his hoodie.
“And… done.” Steve says, after a good thirty minutes.
“Are you… sitting here?” He seems confused and Tony feels a pang of hurt in his chest but presses it down.
“Oh. So, you’re…” Realization dawns on her face and she almost drops the plate she is holding.
He turns the conversation away from him by asking, “Do you have a date?”
"Hold on! I'm coming!"
“Hi.” Tony tells him, smiling. “You’re back!”
“You can’t just storm out!” He calls after him.
“How about this one?” He heads over to see what Steve is holding out.
Tony’s breath catches in his throat when Steve looks into his eyes and tells him “I love you, too.”
Mr. Blue Sky- Electric Light Orchestra
“You’re doing great!” She tells him cheerfully, but he barely processes the compliment.
“You started to date a boy just to undermine me and ruin everything I stand for!” He accuses.
“Dark blue.”
“You seem familiar, do I know you from somewhere?” He presses.
“Of course.”
“Yeah, why?”
Her eyebrows raise. “You’re getting a job?”
“Well, you are welcome here any time for a nice homecooked meal.”
“Thank you, have a nice day!” The lady at the window says, prompting them to leave.
“Dude, what was that for?” Clint stares at him with surprise.
Tony had to repress an eyeroll. “Sitting here for a sec?”
“Alright. Since it is a minor incidence, I will let you off. You will need to pay the fine, however, and this will go through your parents because you are a minor.”
“Uh… nothing?” Clint tries, making Tony sigh in exasperation.
She really did look amazing. Her dress was a royal blue with off the shoulder sleeves. She was wearing black heels that looked way too high to be comfortable. Her red hair was curled in ringlets around her shoulders and she had white flowers tucked into the braids that ran along her head and met in the back. It also didn’t help that she was grinning and looked so excited.
On the way home from school, Tony finally tells Pepper about his change in plans for that weekend.
"Pardon me?” She asks him, tilting her head in confusion.
“What? You’ve never seen Starwars before?”
“Fine.” He gets up off the couch and follows her up to her room, where he sits on her bed and watches as she finishes getting ready.
Tony, seeing how excited Steve is and thinking about his own dance expectations, finds himself saying, “Fine! Fine.”
Clint walks past them and audibly sighs. “Again? And you’ve stolen Pepper too?”
He finishes up his dinner and puts his plate in the dishwasher. “Thank you for dinner, mom. It was really good.”
All the breath leaves his lungs and a grin spreads across his whole face. He can’t believe that, not only are they staying together, but Steve wants him to meet his mom. “That sounds amazing. When?”
“Wow.” Tony says.
“Pretty good. I got an A on my chemistry test today.”
Tony forgets to speak for a moment, before stuttering, “Yeah, we close at two.”
Pepper makes eye contact with him through the mirror. “Is your dad concerned with you getting a girlfriend?”
He pulls into his driveway and sees the mailbox slightly open. He decides to open it and see if there’s anything good in there. He knows colleges are sending out acceptance letters soon, but he doesn’t know when MIT sends theirs. His question is answered when he pulls down the lid and sees a thick envelope on top addressed to him. Even though it was just paper, it felt as if it weighed a million pounds.
“No, I’ve got it.”
“Almost!” Steve answers, calling from his room.
When they get to school, Tony feels like a two-ton weight has been dropped on him. He is not mentally prepared to handle school today. Between the stress of finding a job, his dad, and having to hide it all from his friends, he would have been perfectly content to wrap himself up in a blanket at home and never set foot outside. And it’s only the second week. Unfortunately, he needs to be at school. If he flunks out of high school, he can’t get into college, which is his number one priority.
“Tony?”
“Sure.”
They find themselves standing in front of Steve’s beat-up olive-green Ford from the sixties in the school parking lot. “We’re here.”
Tony opens his mouth to begin to talk to Steve but is cut off by another friend of his.
“You have shown me this three times since you bought it last week.” He rolls his eyes, but nevertheless tells her, “You look incredible.”
Steve’s voice on the other end was soft and hopeful. “You got in?”
“Well, the rest of my friends will be here soon, so you don’t have to worry about it.”
He debates on whether to elaborate and tell him what really happened, but then Clint asks him, “Are you still taking us all to lunch today?”
She rolls her eyes good naturedly at him. “He’s your boyfriend now, you don’t have to avoid it.”
He sighs, “Fine. It went great.”
“Please, no.” Steve whines as she comes back.
“Oh, Anthony, don’t put it like that.”
It is eight o’clock when they get there, thirty minutes after the dance has officially started, so they are fashionably late. They find a parking spot luckily, but due to the massive amount of people, they have to park all the way in the back. It takes them about five minutes to get from the car to the building.
“I’m taking it.” He doesn’t respond to her questioning look and instead sits in the hallway and starts his homework.
“So? What did you think?” He asked when the movie was over.
“Wednesday?”
“It won’t be next door, though. Isn’t that sad?”
“I do.” Tony meets his eyes and he seems genuine. “And you introduced me to Pepper, who is basically your family, so I think we’re even.”
“Anyone could see us, aren’t you worried?” Steve asks, looking around worriedly.
“Would you mind sending me a copy?” Tony asks, shyly.
“Oh… okay.” He can’t help but feel a smidge disappointed.
“I have to go do my makeup, come upstairs with me.”
Tony tries to straighten up and plaster a fake grin on his face so that his friends don’t notice anything. Fortunately, they seem too wrapped up in their conversation to look too closely at him. His smile quivers and his eyes are slightly puffy, and he wants nothing more than to curl up in a blanket and cry, but he pushes through it.
“I would like to welcome to the stage our valedictorian Anthony Stark!”
Tony puts it on so that Steve can hear it. He starts with the B side, where all his favorites are, and is pleased to see that so far Steve is liking it.
“What?” Tony cocks his head.
“I know, but I really want her to like me.” Tony looks down at what he’s wearing. “Plus, I’m not really that dressed up.”
“Yeah. I’m a senior there.”
“Oh, that sounds fun.” Steve tells him jokingly, knowing Tony’s hatred for all things Stark Industries and meetings.
“It’s official. We’re soulmates.” He tells him as he wiggles his foot to show off his vans.
“Hmph.”
“We can’t be friends.”
After school, the hype reaches its peak. The stands thunder as everyone from their high school, the opposing high school, and various people from the area clamber on to get the best seats. His ears are practically bleeding with how loud everyone around him is screaming when the kickoff happens, but he still has the biggest grin on his face.
“Yes. Very proud.” He sniffs, looking bored.
That Wednesday, Tony is extremely nervous and rightfully so. He has dressed up in a collared shirt with a new pair of jeans. He knows that he doesn’t need to be so freaked out, but he has an intense desire to be liked by Sarah Rodgers because he knows that this could make or break their relationship.
Tony shoves him, but his face is serious. “Stop being an ass.”
“Hold on, your collar is a little crooked.” Tony hurriedly reaches up to fix it, but Steve quickly stops him. “No, you just made it worse. Here let me help you.”
“You’re a jerk.” Tony sighs and looks around wistfully at the diner. “We should keep in touch. You know, in college. We won’t be too far away.”
Even though that wasn’t fully a compliment, his face practically glows with pride. “Thank you.”
“Ah, Tony Stark. I was just talking to your father a couple days ago.” He peers around them and picks up the stash, much to the boys’ dismay. “What do you boys have here?”
“How much beer have you had?”
“What brings you here so late?” He asks, trying to make small talk.
He knows he shouldn’t blame Steve for his situation, and he doesn’t, but he is more than a little bitter about the prospect of having to spend time working with his dad for the company. Especially because that company is at the root of many of his personal and familial issues. He just doesn’t have the energy to pretend like everything is good though, so he brushes off Steve.
“Yeah.”
“You do this every time!”
“Hi.” He says, seeing the blond boy approaching.
“Talk to dad about it. I’m sure he’ll have plenty to say.”
Clint has never talked about college seriously before. He jokes that, except for the babes and alcohol, there was nothing about college that appeals to him. Tony had assumed he’d end up being an actor or something because he certainly had the looks for it with his shaggy hair and blinding smile. Either that or become a burnout. That’s what happened to a lot of kids that had been around him while he grew up – they relied on the connections too much and ended up being a stoner living off family money.
He begins to ramble nervously, “You don’t want to meet my parents. I know you want to, and I know I should, but I can’t. What we have is amazing and I don’t want it to be touched. I hope you understand.”
Once Clint is gone, Tony takes that as his cue to head over to Steve. “Man, I love casually listening to slow dance songs.” Tony says sarcastically.
“Okay, it’s two am. Time for me to leave. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“What about you? What are your college plans?”
“Yeah, it was whatever. She isn’t the most outwardly friendly. Don’t get me wrong, she’s nice, and I love her, but small talk isn’t her thing.”
“Plus, that guy’s such a loser. Who draws during lunch?” Tony is too tired to do anything but laugh along with him.
He swears loudly when he sees her. “I forgot I was supposed to give you a ride home!”
He grins at all the people he passes, choosing to repress his mild panic caused by having to face the day. He, hopefully not outwardly, winces when he sees Clint hanging out by his locker waiting for him. Has he mentioned he does not feel good enough to keep up his façade?
“Hi.” He tells him.
Steve raises his eyebrows. “Are you gonna move to sit with the rest of your popular friends again?”
He grabs Tony by his arm. “Anthony, don’t you dare lie to me right now.”
“Yeah.” He thinks for a moment. “I’m gonna miss him.”
“I can’t accept this.” Howard lets go of him and Tony stumbles a few steps back, pulling at his shirt.
As much as he wanted to take his time getting home, he knew that the more he put it off, the angrier his father would be with him. He walked into his house and saw his parents already sitting there waiting for  him, so he decided to go ahead and sit across from them. In contrast to their usual attire of business suits and neat hair do’s, they are both already in their pajamas. His mother’s hair is loose and tangled around her shoulders and his father isn’t wearing his glasses, which shocks Tony because he hardly ever sees them like this. He taps his feet nervously and waits for his parents to address the elephant in the room.
Not only that, but the obvious nerves about introducing Steve to his family. His mom would be fine, probably. He would guess that she would say hi, introduce herself, and leave them alone, which is good. It’s his dad he is worried about. His dad definitely wouldn’t appreciate him bringing someone home, especially someone of Steve’s status, as messed up as that is.
“Do you want to go outside?” Tony offers.
“Thank you. That means a lot."
“Right! Steve! I’ll tell Steve.”
“See? Was that so hard?” Tony asks, shoving Clint again for good measure.
“She was nice.” Steve tells Tony as they go up the stairs.
“I guess?” Steve responds, though it comes out more like a question.
“Since Piper Miller in sixth grade, I know. I was there. But still, you don’t have to make this so weird.”
“Yes.”
He goes about his day in a tired daze and barely participates. His teachers give him a questioning glance and some space because they know that if he isn’t constantly talking during class, it must be a bad day. He is both relieved and frustrated because he doesn’t want people seeing him like this.
“What about your family?”
“Yeah, I know him. Football player?”
Tony gives him a pointed look. “You.”
“You’ve got weird blonde boy with you.”
Before he can think, he finds himself admitting to Steve, “I think I could fall in love with you.”
“Okay, tell me the steps and I’ll try.” She walks over and takes the tie and follows his instructions. After the third try, it finally works. “There!”
Tony tilts his head in confusion. “What’s weird?”
“Really?” Tony asks, vaguely concerned.
“Nah, I’m just gonna wing it.”
He looks up and his dark eyes meet the bright blue ones belonging to Steve Rogers.
“Pepper! Do you know how to tie a tie?” He calls out to her.
“He’s right?” Tony’s eyebrows scrunch together, and he pulls away from her.
Despite knowing he should keep calm; Tony felt his blood boil. “I already told you, I don’t want to work in the movie industry.”
Though, he has known her forever and if he can’t trust Pepper, then he can’t trust anybody. He decides to dial her phone number on impulse. She picks up on the third ring.
He felt like he was about to throw up. “I’m sorry, sir.”
“What the hell is going on here?” He shouts.
She chokes. “Oh God.”
“Did he bring up Stark Industries again?”
Tony’s face turns bright red, making Steve laugh. “Bye.”
“We wouldn’t get caught?” He tries weakly, and he can tell how close she is to smacking him.
“Yeah, sure.” He gets ready to hang up, but she continues to push.
Unfortunately for Tony, the rest of the days passed that week very quickly and before he knew it, it was Sunday and he is getting ready to leave with his father. He has to squeeze himself into an old pair of black slacks, a white button-down shirt with a blazer, and actually style his hair.
Tony’s chest pangs and he wills himself not to frown. Instead, he jokes, “Do I look like a master chef to you?”
Steve is already inching back towards the house. “I should go. I don’t want my mom to get worried.”
“Hey! You came!” He calls out and heads to where Steve is standing by the door.
He flops on his bed and screams into his pillow, hoping the sound will be muffled. He sits up, having worn himself out, and looks around the room. His record player still holds the Queen album from the night before and Tony’s dress clothes are scattered around his room. He pushes himself off of his bed and kicks it all into his closet before slamming the door. He debates breaking the record in half, but he ultimately decides to carefully put it back in its sleeve and slide it to the back of his collection. Once all his physical reminders of his relationship are gone, he sits back down on his bed with a sigh, holding his head in his hands.
Steve and Tony had been going solid for about a month. Which isn’t impressive at all, but still. Tony has little experience with all of this stuff, so each day he isn’t dumped he can count as a win. Pepper still can’t get over the fact that Tony has a boyfriend and finds every excuse to talk to him about it. Today, they happened to walk into lunch at the same time, so as Tony starts to head to Steve’s table, his best friend latches onto his arm. He turns to look at her, sees her hopeful expression, and immediately knows what is going to happen.
“Well, it’s not like they’re free!” Tony tells him, more aggressively than he means to.
“You presented me with this shockingly mediocre cake, so how could I say no.”
“Couldn’t sleep.”
“She’s my aunt.”
“You know it! See my tan?” Tony holds out his arm for Clint to see.
“Wednesday?”
“Have a great time!” She calls out.
“Yep, I’m sure. When can I start?” He claps his hands together and wrings them together anxiously.
“What?”
“Excuse me?”
“How’s work, Howard?”
“Since I was in sixth grade.”
“Well, yeah!” His mind flashes to Clint’s irrational judgement of Steve and his dad’s almost approving look when he talks about Pepper.  “But what will people think?”
Steve sighs, before putting his book away. “It’s pretty interesting so far, he is reflecting on living in natural surroundings. He writes it over two years, two months, and two days.”
“You know her well?”
“A little, yeah. I’ve never seen Starwars.”
After a couple minutes, he is ripped out of his spiral by the phone ringing. He picks it up and winces when his voice comes out as more of a croak, “hello?”
When he returns to his house the next morning, he is less than thrilled to see both of his parents in the kitchen talking about what he assumes to be what occurred last night. When he slams the door behind him, they both look up.
“Well, I-” He tries and the last of Tony’s willpower snaps.
“Please Tony, talk to me.” Steve is practically begging at this point, so Tony’s resolve crumbles.
“I should’ve trusted you.”
“I am! Don’t worry. My notecards are in my pocket.”
“Can I not be here for like two seconds?”
“As I was saying-”
“Mom?” Tony tries, but she shakes her head weakly at him.
Tony shrugs. “He knows my dad; you think he was gonna arrest me?”
“I’m Steve. What are you doing here this late?”
“Shit! It’s a cop!” Thor swears, making them seem even more suspicious.
“Are you kidding me? You are not going to wreck my new car.”
“That doesn’t make it any less boring.”
He comes down and sees both his parents sitting at their dining room table with a full meal in front of them. “What’s going on? Am I missing someone’s birthday?”
“It’s so good to meet you too, Ms. Rodgers.” He greets her.
“Yeah, okay. Have fun.”
“Okay.” Steve pauses, before admitting. “I’m sorry I talked you into going the dance. I made you feel guilty for not wanting to share that we are dating. I thought it was because you were ashamed of me or something and you just didn’t want to ruin your image. I’ve always resented that a little. Now, I’m so, so sorry for feeling like that and guilting you about it. I know that you knew this would happen. So, I’m sorry.”
“Okay. Bye, Steve!” Pepper chirps.
“I should’ve told you.” Tony argues. “I should’ve come clean about my life before dragging you into this whole mess.”
“Yeah?” Tony asks, already knowing where this is going.
When he gets home, however, it all comes crashing down as per usual.
The boy pauses, deep in thought. He doesn’t seem excited, like Tony had thought. Instead, he seems intrigued by him, judging by the furrowed brow and lack of fawning.
“Tony, you are being stupid. Steve is great, and he’s great for you, but you cannot choose him over the rest of your life. That would be incredibly dumb.”
“You have a dance?” She asks, surprised.
“Yeah, having a famous dad will do that to you.”
Steve snorts. “No kidding.”
Tony weighs his options. He can do it now, let it be a one-time thing, or have all of his friends taunt  him about it for the rest of the year. However, it is technically considered a drug, even if it is pretty common for people at his school to some it. But he doesn’t want this to go on his record and risk him getting into college. Though, one good aspect of being rich is how he can get out of pretty much anything with the right check. Not that he has tested that theory. He feels confident the consequences wouldn’t be too bad even if he is caught, so he decides to roll with it. “Let’s do it.”
Knowing Tony’s aversion to talking about his fame, Steve tries to step in and say, “Mom, maybe we should-”
Clint rolls his eyes. “Come on. It’s not like a three-dollar sandwich puts a dent in your massive bank account.”
“Yes!”
“Nothing?” Pepper tells him, rolling her eyes.
“Okay, sorry.” He takes a bite and his eyebrows raise. “This isn’t bad.”
They stand in tense silence for a good thirty seconds before Steve addresses the elephant in the room. “Listen, about the other night-”
He scratches the back of his neck awkwardly. “So, Friday night was weird.”
“He’s not even looking at me.” Tony whispers to his friend under his breath.
When he gets there, Steve opens the door. When he sees Steve’s concerned look, he bursts into tears right there.
Tony hangs out by the school after, waiting for his friends. Pepper left with her cheerleading friends already, but he chooses to wait for Clint.
“So, how’s school?” She asks him, trying to start a conversation.
“So.”
“I love you, too.”
“What?”
“Do you want to go to the movies this weekend? Maybe Sunday?”
“Okay.” He nods.
“Random stuff.”
Steve stuffs his hands in his pockets and avoids his eyes. “I’m sorry I ran out. I got nervous.”
“Yeah.” He takes the beer from her hands and downs it in less than a minute.
“You look really cute tonight.” He tells him without thinking.
He leans in and kisses him. Steve seems a little surprised at first but kisses him back. He pulls away after a few seconds, though, looking mildly alarmed.
“I’m making new friends, so I don’t have to spend most of my time talking to Clint or any of our other friends that you don’t like. If I go to this movie with Steve, then that’s less time I spend elsewhere.”
“That’s great! I assume this means you’ll be quitting your job at the diner?” She raises her eyebrows with a knowing smile on her face.
“We have to break up.”
“Yeah, it’s been cool so far. Do you want something to drink?” He asks, heading over to the kitchen.
“I could say the same to you.” The bigger man, Obadiah, tells him.
“On November 15
“No.”
Howard thinks for a moment before challenging, “You won’t go to MIT.”
The next day at school, things were weird. Steve and Tony eat together at lunch, which is weird, but not new. They aren’t overly affectionate for obvious reasons, although neither of them are fans of public displays of affectionate anyway. Steve goes to the diner every night still. It is similar to when they were friends, just with kissing and actual feelings. It’s weird for Tony. But good.
The boy pulls out a crumpled dollar bill and a hand full of cash from his pocket and then proceeds to dump it on to the counter in front of him. Tony counts it out painstakingly, before making the coffee. After the day full of cappuccinos, lattes, and frappuccinos, he was relieved to have a simple order.
That night, however, he sees Steve again. He was wandering around the diner helping the few people that showed up at this time, when the familiar blond boy entered the store.
“How do I face him after this?”
“Who is this young lad?” William asks, giving Tony a toothy grin.
“No. Come on.” A few stray tears escape from his eyes as he stands up and shakes his head. “What? I can’t let him win like this! I love you!”
“Today’s my last day.” Tony blurts out.
“We are really proud of you.” Maria nudges her husband. “Aren’t we Howard?”
“This is my son, Anthony. I brought him so he could train to take over the company right out of college. Isn’t that right, son?”
Play That Funky Music- Wild Cherry
“Yeah, I mean, it’s not like anybody will show up anyway.” He shrugs, looking around at the now empty diner.
“Mom! I’m home!” Tony calls out when they walk through the door.
“That will be two dollars and fifty cents.”
“Hi.” He tells him, sitting in a seat near, but not directly next to him.
They drop their car off with the valet and head into the elegant restaurant. Tony is immediately overwhelmed by the luxury displayed. With the pricey menu items and the overdressed patrons, Tony is not confused as to why his father picks this place for meetings.
“Have you decided to be a business major yet?”
“My dad found out about me and Steve.”
“Is everything good? I think I’m ready.”
Her eyes widen and she smacks him. “Anthony Stark, you better be joking.”
“Free weed? Yeah!”
“Are you good with that?” He asks Tony.
“What did you talk to him about?”
Tony holds his breath hopefully, until Steve finally says “Okay.”
“My dad does the same thing, don’t worry.”
“Okay.”
“I love the Rolling Stones!” He interrupts excitedly.
“Give it time, maybe I’ll change my mind spending more time around the company.” He tells him, making it vague enough that he isn’t locked into anything but also appeasing his dad.
That Friday, the school is buzzing with excitement. Because the football team and cheerleading squad had been practicing in the summer as well, they are prepared for the season early. This means scrimmages and games starting right at the beginning of school. Not that Tony was complaining. He loved the football games and he wasn’t the one playing, so none of that mattered to him.
His mouth falls open and he turns to stare at her. “Pepper Potts! Tell me everything right now!”
“I guess?” He stutters, avoiding eye contact.
“Get what?”
“Pepper, best friend emergency.”
“Why?”
“Yeah. I’ve got to get to class, I’m in Fury’s homeroom and you know how he is about tardies.”
“Fine! I’ll tone it down.”
“We had this conversation already.”
At the end of February, he finds himself getting ready for the school dance. While it is a weird time to have a winter dance, he doesn’t mind because of how close it is to his and Steve’s six-month anniversary. Not that he keeps track of something like that, because that would be really sappy.
“Compared to twenty seconds that’s forever.”
“Hey guys.” Tony waves to his class.
He raises his eyebrows and tells her harshly, “I’ve had to go to meetings with him, mom.”
They climb in the car and he hasn’t even buckled before Pepper gets the biggest grin on her face and asks him, “So, how was your date.”
Unfortunately, the bell rang as soon as he steps through the door.
“Here you go.” The lady smiles at them, handing them their drinks.
He kicks his bed the second he gets to his room in frustration. Not knowing what else to do, he decides to call his friend. Pepper picks up on the second ring.
“Clint, come on.”
“What’s your favorite color?”
“Okay good, because I don’t know what I would do without our trips to get sandwiches. Especially because I don’t have to pay!”
“It’s fine, I don’t-” Steve cuts in, but is interrupted by Clint putting a hand on his shoulder and steering him towards the table of all of their other friends.
“Is it that obvious?”
He takes a deep breath before saying, “I want you to meet my mom.”
“I’m sorry, I’ll talk to him.”
Steve’s anger fades and is replaced with confusion as if he genuinely expected a fight. “What?”
“Suit yourself.” He shrugs and moves on, leaving Tony with a smile on his face.
“I don’t know what to do.” He says quietly.
He sprints down the stairs, almost running into his mom.
Tony immediately starts loading up a plate. “They have frosted cookies, so I’m not even sorry. Have you tried these? They’re the best thing ever.”
“It’s just weird to see you, Tony Stark, actually want to talk to him.”
“What’s your elective?”
“Nothing. I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“PE.”
Tony ignores him. “Favorite movie?”
“In case anyone else decides to stop by.”
“Yes, because I’m sure as an avid reader you couldn’t come up with better words than that. What’s your favorite color?”
Steve looks up and his eyes widen when he sees Tony sitting across from him. “Hi.”
“Hey, Clint.”
Tony has to resist the urge to outwardly sigh because he has known Pepper since they were toddlers and yet his father has never cared to learn anything about her. “Yes, sir.”
“I was wondering what you were thinking of doing?”
He shoots her a glare. “I’m not some heartless monster who’s incapable of love, okay?”
“How about when Clint Barton made fun of me and you laughed?”
He climbs out of his window and down the side of his house, trying to make as little noise as possible so he doesn’t alert his parents. Once he reaches the grass, he bolts across his front lawn to the house next door, moving as fast as possible to avoid the dew seeping into his socks.
“Are you excited?” Tony asks Steve as they climb into his car.
“What, did you seriously expect to tell me this and not have me get excited?”
“This is super cute.” Sarah tells them, holding up the photo.
“It’s the first day of school and we are already late. At this rate, we will have detention for tardiness in a week.” She complains as she climbs into the passenger’s seat.
His face softens and he gives Steve a small smile. “Thanks. You too.”
“I got accepted.” He breathes out, not believing what he is seeing. He jumps up and shouts, “I got accepted!”
He flops onto his bed, sighing. The ceiling stars from when he was a kid glow faintly around the edges as he begins to do his homework, focusing on his AP calculus, rather than his angry father below him .
Steve’s look morphs from concerned to one of fondness. “My mom is the best. She has to work a lot, so I hardly see her, but she is great. Her name is Sophia Rogers and she works as a nurse at the hospital. She makes the best spaghetti ever, is one of those people that decorates for Christmas right after Halloween, and likes the Rolling Stones.”
“Really? What?” Tony looks up at him, surprised.
He starts to make the drink and is pleasantly surprised when Steve begins to talk to him. “So… what’s up?”
“No. Don’t pin this on yourself, this is all your dad’s fault. You were perfect.”
They work in silence until Sarah asks, “What do your parents do?”
“Yes.”
He almost audibly sighs when he sees Steve sit across from him.
“Yeah.”
“That’s rough, dude, so I’ll see you later.” Clint gives him a small wave before turning around and running off.
“I’ll be right over.” She says without missing a beat.
“Yes!”
“Of course not.” She smiles at them fondly. “Now you two better run along so you aren’t too late.”
“Yep.”
She comes and sits next to Tony, who puts his head in his hands.
“You need to stop being late, Anthony. It’s your senior year so you don’t need to be collecting tardies like last year.”
His mom answers. “Hello?”
She sighs. “Go have fun.”
“Hi, Anthony! What would you like?” She calls out to him with a bright smile the second he walks in.
They walk outside and climb into his convertible. As he pulls out and the wind blows faster, Pepper attempts to flatten her hair to no avail.
He cuts him off, “I’m going upstairs to work on my homework.”
They share a small smile before Tony is pulled away to ring up a middle-aged man, the only other person in the diner. A few minutes later, Steve stands up as well.
“Do I get a break?” He rushes out.
“Why can’t you close up early?” Steve questions, mid bite of his snack.
“Hi.”
“Well, I went to Steve’s. He dumped me.”
When he gets there, they have to rush through the school towards the classroom where their gowns are held. On the way, however, he bumps into his parents.
She cocks her head, confused. “But he’s a boy.”
“So, we just applied to colleges.” Tony prompts.
“I know the motions; I just can’t do it.” He defends.
“I’m sure it isn’t as bad as you thought.” She tells him comfortingly.
He is brought back to reality when he feels a pinch on his arm and sees his father glaring at him. “Pay attention.”
“Hello, Steve. It’s nice to meet you.” She looks at Tony and Steve a bit skeptically, before letting out a small sigh. She turns to Tony and says, “He seems nice enough. Go on.”
“Are you excited?” His leg jitters from nerves, but he doesn’t think Steve can see it and he definitely won’t be telling him.
Steve places the record on carefully and it begins to play. They leave the record on and sit on his bed. Tony tells him, “You do look really nice by the way.”
“It’s Aunt Peggy’s restaurant so I get high pay and I’m able to pick my own hours. It’s a delightful place to work, thank you very much.”
“Yeah! Have you heard of me?” He jokes, internally cringing. He was hoping he could at least be friendly with the boy in front of him, but he can’t keep talking to a bunch of suck-ups who want to be friends with him for money.
“Hey Tony! How did it go with your dad?” Clint calls out to him, when he sees the other boy approaching.
“Oh! Me too! I thought I recognized the book you’re reading. Walden is the required reading for this quarter, right?”
“It’s okay. Do you need a ride?”
“Nothing. Aced a calculus test today.” He shrugs as if it was no big deal, even though he practically jumped with excitement earlier that day as it was passed back to him.
“Nothing.”
“Can we wait a second?”
“I said I think I could fall in love with him.”
“As much as I love hanging out with you, I think I’ll pass.”
Hi guys!!! We've only got one more chapter after this to go!!! I'm so excited for you guys to hear this chapter, it's probably my favorite and I had so much fun writing it. I just wanted to warn you that there is more blatant homophobia in this chapter, so if that's a trigger for you, please be careful <3 anyway, enjoy!!
At half time, Pepper and the rest of her squad run onto the field to do their routine. Pepper nails her move that she was worried about the other day and the crowd all cheers for her. She shoots him finger guns as they jog back to the sidelines.
He gets back to work with a smile on his face.
“You’re the best things to have happened to me in a while.” Tony blurts out.
“Hoping to make captain?” He teases.
The people in front of them pay, so the lady working the register calls to them, “What can I get for you two?”
“That’s because your boring.”
His speech goes on for two minutes exactly, but it feels like forever. At the end, everyone cheers, and he spots his aunt, mom, and dad in the crowd somewhere towards the back, with honest smiles. He grins before sitting down.
He nods curtly and does his best to contribute. He uses a skill he learned during group discussions at school – just agree with what the person before you has said, throw in a fancy term, and tie it all back to the purpose of the meeting. Each time he does it, everyone at the table seems even more impressed and he can’t help but grin.
That is the first time Tony has ever really opened up to anyone except Pepper, but this time it isn’t four in the morning and he isn’t drunk off wine stolen from his parents basement. He has to admit, it feels a little bit better not having to handle everything on his own. He doesn’t know what he will do when Steve is gone, though.
“Of course!” Steve sputters, as if the very thought is ridiculous to him.
Steve shakes his head before disappearing through the door, leaving Tony alone with his father.
“The Sunflower Diner.”
Tony falters and stutters out, “Oh! Right. Sorry.”
“Okay. It’s at seven.”
“Are you sure?”
Steve laughs and a blush creeps up his face. When they walk into Tony’s room, Steve’s eyes widen. He looks around at the tidy room with multiple posters and a shelf full of books and records. Tony tosses his jacket on the bed and sits down.
“Let’s go sit next to Clint and James, okay?” She gently guides him to where the others are.
She looks sympathetic but says, “Anthony, I-”
“What?” Steve’s brows furrow in confusion.
“Tony, I-” Steve starts sympathetically, but Tony waves him off.
“Yeah, she’s pretty funny. I can see why you like her.” Steve rolls his eyes before saying, “Clint on the other hand…”
Howard storms off to his office, leaving Tony and his mother alone in the living room.
“Ten thirty.”
“Do you want to be dating?”
“Speaking of which, Starwars is showing at the drive-in movie by school Saturday night. We should go.”
“I’m sorry, but he’s right. This was a really poor decision.”
He reaches up and tries to fix his collar, but only ends up making it worse, so he has to run to the bathroom, exasperating his father, so he can see.
“Ouch.”
“No, it’s fine. It’s not like I have anything to do at home.” He shrugs before turning away to avoid her knowing look.
Now that it is clear that their school will win, Tony asks, “Want to go get milkshakes?”
“Fun.” After a particularly loud scream, Steve winces. “It’s really loud.”
“Do you want to hang out?”
The next night, he spends his first free night in what feels like years taking Steve on a date. They decide to go roller skating at a rink about thirty minutes away from their school. Steve is surprisingly good at it and can glide with relative ease. Tony, on the other hand, falls over every five minutes. His hands are scraped up and he has bruises all along his legs, but he has a large smile on his face and Steve is laughing at him and that’s all that matters.
He is pleased to have recognized the title and smiles a bit to himself. “Oh, I’ve heard of that! Isn’t there a movie?”
“It’s mine, sir.” Tony cuts in, stepping forward. “Neither of them did anything.”
“Hey!” He called out to him. Steve looks up and sees him, before smiling and giving him a small wave.
“No, Tony. For once, let me pay. You’ve been doing this for me every day since you learned to drive. I have money too, so please, let me help.”
“Do you want anything else? The coffee cake here is pretty good and it’ll be bad by tomorrow so you can have it for free.”
“She’s amazing. I can see a lot of similarities between you two.” He teases.
The next day, Tony found himself looking forward to seeing Steve. He passes him in the hallway once and they smiled at each other and Tony feels giddy at the idea of getting to sit next to him at lunch. He doesn’t know why though because yeah, he wants a new friend, but to get this excited? That has to be a little weird.
“Yeah, I’m a little nervous.”
This catches the boys attention. He looks up at Tony and his eyes widen in recognition. Tony wishes he hadn’t said anything.
Steve immediately tells him. “Wow… you look great.”
“Well, you’re wrong.”
“Nice! What did you do?”
“I know.”
Fury can barely control his homeroom class enough to go over the announcements because no one could stop talking. Thor was currently going over the cheerleading roster to try and find himself a girlfriend before the game. His phone buzzes in his pocket every three seconds as Clint asks him a multitude of questions about whether he was coming to the game, what time was he getting there, asking him if he wanted to hang out with the team afterwards, and more along those lines. Pepper, who is already one of the most energetic and cheerful people Tony knows, was practically shaking when  she got in the car this morning.
“That’s good!” She smiles at him, and it makes him feel just a bit better. At least one person believes in him.
Steve smiles at him and Tony guesses that was Steve’s way of attempting to calm his anxiety about the situation. While it comforts him a little, he definitely can still feel his legs shaking beneath him. He takes a deep breath and decides to just go talk to his family.
“Is that okay?” Howard asks, eyeing his colleagues from over the top of his sunglasses.
“I got in.”
“I know, but you shouldn’t have to hide this from them.”
“I’m so proud of you.” She wraps him into a big hug, and he hugs her back just as tight.
“Shut up. Now I better go before my dad murders me.”
“Hey, do you want to hang out after school?” Tony jumps as Clint starts talking to him, having almost fallen asleep at their lunch table from staying up late getting ahead on his homework, due to him having substantially less time to do it the rest of the week.
“Oh really?” Steve’s eyebrows raise
“He practically ran away.” He counters. “You know I get too honest when I drink.”
When he gets to her porch, he doesn’t even have to knock before the door is swinging open and Pepper is ushering him inside.
Clint looks at Tony intently for a moment before sighing and plastering on a grin. “Hi, I’m Clint.”
His eyes widen. “Pepper! You told me to get here at five thirty!”
“Oh yeah, you’re toast.” The other two boys laugh and get in the car, leaving Tony standing in the parking lot about to throw up with unease.
“Sorry about him,” she sighs. “You’d think after fourteen years he’d realize we aren’t dating.”
“What time does it end? Do you want me to wait for you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
There we have it! The last chapter of this story. I've really loved writing this, so I hope you guys enjoyed reading this as well. Also, let me know if you would want any one-shots from this universe. Comment and let me know your thoughts!! :)
Steve runs his hands along Tony’s scar, smudging ink along his skin from where it had rubbed off onto Steve’s hand while he was drawing.
Tony smiles wistfully. “She sounds amazing.”
“That sucks because he’s really cute.” She pouts.
“So?” She asks once they are properly situated on her couch.
“Bye Mr. Potts!” Tony dramatically waves with a cheeky grin on his face.
Tony rubs his face tiredly. “Pepper says the same thing. Neither of you get it.”
“But I don’t want to go anywhere else.” He admits, his voice hardly above a whisper.
“I’m going to college!” He yells with her, whooping and screaming enough to alert the whole neighborhood.
Nick Fury doesn’t entertain him, and instead moves on. “As I was saying…”
“Good, because being valedictorian is impressive and you can’t screw this up for us.”
“Well, I got asked by this guy in my English class. James Rhodes?”
Tony loves Starwars. It’s only his favorite movie of all time and they happen to show it frequently at the movies. He looks down and scuffs his toe nervously as he says,
“Okay.” He looks at his watch and tells her, “I have to leave for the dance, but I’ll see you later, okay?”
“Alright. Well, just let me know.” She tells him before softly singing along to “Bennie and the Jets” by Elton John.
“Yes, please.”
“Vanilla?” Tony asks, as if this flavor has personally offended him.
Tony takes a deep breath and tells Steve, “He said I either have to break up with you or he won’t pay for MIT.”
“Except that’s kind of the motto of the Stark family: ‘It doesn’t matter who you are, only what people think of you.’”
Tony doesn’t know what to do. He looks at Steve sitting there and reading his book and back to his other friends who are waiting for him impatiently.
“Okay.”
“Are you sure?”
“Oh, I will. Thank you for having me, Ms. Rodgers.” He corrects himself at her joking frown. “Sarah.”
“No classes together?” He frowns.
“A latte.”
“You’re late!” She scolds him, pulling impatiently at the passenger’s door handle,
“Nothing, don’t worry.” Tony waves him off without looking up from his textbook.
“Yeah.” Tony notices how his smile doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “At least I’ll have a better sleep schedule.”
They are guided over to a table in the center of the room. They all sit down, and his father wastes no time before roping them into a conversation about the development of a new studio. Tony tries to listen and pitch into the conversation, but in all honesty, he has no idea what is happening, and he doesn’t understand how his father expects him to. They use terms that he has never heard of and discuss capacity and finances and other things he lacks the background knowledge for. Instead, he stares down at his food and lets his mind wander.
“You have no idea.” He looks at the notecards in Tony’s hand. “Valedictorian, huh?”
“You’re scaring me.”
Tony opens his wallet and sees that he still has two twenties in there, which is enough for both lunch and gas. He never would have thought this would be a problem.
That Friday, Tony is nervous. He knows Pepper and Steve will like each other, but still. He can tell Steve is nervous by the way he fidgets with the cuff of his jean jacket as they wait for Pepper by the bleachers. When they see her jog towards them, Steve pales considerably.
His eyes drop to the floor and he taps his foot nervously. “Yeah, I know. I just wish it didn’t have to be like this.”
“Sure, sounds good.”
was left unsaid, but they both understand the true meaning of his words, nonetheless.
They chatter about the new school year and activities until they pull into the school’s parking lot. He checks the time to see that it is only 8:20. Him and Pepper sit there for a few seconds in silence, trying to mentally prepare themselves for the day ahead. Tony finally sighs and turns off the car. The second they step out of the car, Pepper’s friends from cheerleading call her over.
“Yeah, I know, mom.” He sighs, shoving the toast in his mouth.
“Oh, so I can be a rich slacker and be a perfect fit for your company?” He challenges, trying to resist the urge to punch Howard in the face.
“You have nothing to be sorry for.” Tony is quick to dismiss that idea. “I said some pretty serious stuff and I scared you off. That’s entirely my fault. If you want to breakup or whatever, I’ll understand.”
Steve comes in later that day, true to his word. Tony already had something made for him, hoping he would come, and he holds it out the second Steve walked in the door.
“Please use a condom.” Tony jokes and Clint winks at him.
“No! Why would I?” She calls back.
He follows her back into the party and lets the alcohol and loud music drown out the embarrassment of the last hour and how he will never be able to face Steve again. For God’s sake, they’ve only been dating for a month. This has got to be way too soon. But, to be fair, Tony never really knows how to do what’s right. So, he drinks a little more and dances with Pepper and stays up late and barely makes it home without throwing up in the bushes.
“Does he know you like him?”
“All right. Just let me know if you need anything, okay?”
“Can I get a chocolate cookie shake?” Tony asks.
He pushes past her, grabs his car keys from the table by the door, and into the night. Once he is outside, without his jacket, he thinks of places to go. He shivers already and knows he can’t just stand there all night. His first thought is obviously next door. He runs across their lawn and up to the Hughes’ front porch. He knocks on the door and is surprised when her mom answers it.
Come Together- The Beatles
Steve stumbles over his sentence, trying to find the right words. “Nothing! It’s just… hard to see how you can be friends with him.”
Tony cuts him off to quickly explain himself, “You don’t have to explain it to me, I totally understand. I was way out of line and we can totally forget it ever happened.”
“Nothing!” Tony quickly defends standing up to face his father.
“Hi.” Steve says, not moving from the doorway.
“To dinner in the city.”
His thoughts are perfectly punctuated by the bell above the door ringing and his favorite customer walking towards him. “Hi.”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t tell anyone, please.”
“You want to be popular that badly?” Steve asks, sounding surprised.
When he opens the door, he sees Pepper already in his driveway waiting for him. She is wearing a short pale blue dress and white converse, with her red hair curled around her shoulders, looking the opposite of his thrown together casual look. Her arms are crossed, and she is scowling at him.
“You were the one who told me to stop letting Clint use me!” He defends.
“Oh, A Night at the Opera by Queen is one of my favorites.”
“I don’t understand what the problem is.” Tony throws his arms up in frustration.
“Okay. I promise I’ll talk to you if I need it.”
“Obadiah! William! It’s good to see you both.” Howard says with a charming smile, shaking their hands.
“Got it.”
“Hey, dude!” Clint Barton chirps, way to cheery for the occasion.
Tony decides to push even further by asking, “If I’m working with the company, can I have my spending money back?”
“Barney had it in his bag when he visited from college. Figured we could have a little fun.”
“No more extra money. You want someone to fund your drug habits, go somewhere else, but don’t associate it with me.”
“You aren’t wearing a t shirt, which is pretty dressed up for you.” Tony grins halfheartedly and Steve’s joke, too preoccupied to appreciate the insult.
Tony wants to pull his hair out; he is so frustrated. He doesn’t understand why it is so hard for this kid to hold a conversation with him. The boy seems to ignore his presence and pulls out a book instead. When he catches a glimpse of the title, he can’t help but continue talking.
“Really?”
“Nothing.” He laughs nervously.
His mouth drops open in shock. “How could it depend?”
“I’ll see you at school tomorrow?” Tony calls out hopefully.
“Yeah.”
Tony tenses ever so slightly but manages to carry on the conversation normally. “My dad works in the movie industry and my mom is a lawyer.”
“Yeah, I know. That’s kind of what got us into this mess in the first place.” They both laugh.
“Yeah.” Tony whispers, looking down at his lap. “He’s such an image-conscious, homophobic, douchebag that he can’t even realize how terrible he is to me.”
“Yeah, I don’t like to drink
“Yes.” That’s a lie.
“Fourth.”
A large smile splits across his face. “You think so?”
She gives him a small smile before leaving him alone. He looks around at all the empty booths and thinks that he will never get used to this abandoned feel. He usually sees this place so full of life with people in every booth talking a mile a minute. Now it’s like a ghost town.
“Not me, my parents. They don’t want me to live at home forever. Ideally, I get in on my skills so I can get a degree in something random and either play pro or maybe work for your dad or something.” Tony mentally groaned at the idea of Clint and his father working together. “We have a game this weekend, are you planning on coming?”
“Well, my mom got back from her trip today if you want to stop by for dinner.”
“No, it’s my fault.” They respond.
“Really? Me just relentlessly pestering you made you more inclined to forgive me?”
“I mean it. I want to help you.”
“Working.”
She laughs. “It’s been about two minutes. Our coach kept us late to go over some details for our competition tomorrow. Don’t worry.”
“Of course not.” He isn’t surprised. His mother always tends to side with her husband, no matter how unreasonable he’s being. He looks at Howard again. “So, you’ll drop this whole Stark Industries thing?”
He wordlessly held up the envelope and her jaw dropped. “That’s your acceptance letter.”
They grab their jackets and begin the walk back to the car.
“Are we dating?” Tony asks Steve.
“Yes, we are.” Steve tells Pepper.
He walks over to the prominently displayed cake case and plates the last slice. As he slides it to Steve, the boy says, “So… the diner closes at two?”
“So?” Pepper pushes, after a minute.
He runs downstairs in a record four minutes. His backpack sits on the chair in the kitchen next to a piece of toast. His mother stands next to it nursing a cup of coffee, already dressed for work. Maria Stark is one of the best defense attorneys in the state of California. Because of this, she works long hours, so Tony is shocked that she is even here right now.
His smile falters a bit, “Promise you won’t laugh?”
“Why are you putting in all this effort to be friends with me?”
Both of these men were a couple inches taller than his father, meaning Tony was at least six inches shorter than them. He can’t help but feel intimidated and subconsciously takes a step behind his father. Howard notices this, however, and claps a hand on his shoulder and guides him towards the businessmen in front of him.
“You’re sitting with me.”
“It depends.”
“I don’t know.”
“That may be a bonus.”
“We’ve been dating for a month and you keep saying that, so at this point I don’t believe you.” He scowls.
“An apology cake.”
The next day at school, they announce the next school dance. The winter formal is another big staple at Hayes High, along with every other stereotypical high school activity, so the whole school is buzzing with excitement. There have already been five big asks with posters and flowers, and at least a dozen other more subdued date arrangements. While Tony usually likes to see everyone get excited about school things, this is just getting gross.
“Oh, why not?”
At work that night, Steve doesn’t come back either. Tony isn’t surprised. After the day he’s had, he’s honestly a little glad. He’s too tired to sort out all of his feelings. Despite the fact that he’s used to staying up late to work on papers or projects, it’s nothing like his frequent late nights here at the diner. He has fallen asleep more times than he can count in the last month. He doesn’t think he’ll be able to process his emotions or complete a coherent sentence if Steve were to show up.
He stands up and walks up to the podium at the front. He lines up his notecards and addresses the audience with an award-winning smile and a cheerful, “Hi, everybody!”
He turns red and keeps his eyes on the road. “Shut up.”
“Yeah, I’m good with that.” He nods, grinning like an idiot.
“You are running out of time! You need to apply to certain colleges, do internships, make connections-”
The next morning, Tony is only a little hungover. By that, he means he feels terrible. He has a pounding headache and could vomit any second. He stumbles downstairs desperate for a bowl of cereal and he sees his dad sitting at the table in their kitchen drinking coffee.
“I’m so furious with you I don’t even know what to do.”
“So, what happened?” She asks him, hesitant.
“You’re welcome.” She narrows her eyes and stares Tony down. “So, what exactly is going on between you two?”
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve asks him, ushering him inside.
Tony looks up at the sky and away from Steve. “I want to be an engineer.”
“Yeah. He said he didn’t want to put me in the position of having to choose, so even though he loves me, he wants me to have a future.”
“Nice to meet you.” Clint and Steve both look at Tony.
“Hey, Tony.” Clint addresses him, but has his attention focused on Steve instead.
“Pretty much everyone has.”
“Hm. You should strengthen connections with the Potts.’ With your friend’s mother being a fashion designer, that could come in handy for your future.”
He drifted over to Pepper’s house and knocked on her door, still in shock. She opened the door and her eyebrows raised when she saw him there. “I just saw you, what could you possibly have to say now?” She tells him, jokingly.
“Did I hear you right? You work at a place named after a flower?”
He sighs and admits to her, “It really says something that I’ve seen dad more than you. You know how much it takes to be a bigger workaholic than him?”
Steve returns the next night as well, and many nights after that. It had been almost a week at this point, and the two boys slipped into a comfortable, yet still a bit awkward, routine. They’d talk about school, books, movies, pretty much anything that they thought of. Tony found himself looking forward to seeing Steve every night.
“You know this already?” Steve gives him an amused smile.
“Nah, she has meetings until late.”
Tony gestures at him to quiet down before elaborating, “He yelled, told me he was disappointed, the usual.”
“Great.” She smiles, taking a sip of her smoothie.
“Makes sense.”
“Boo.”
“I’m glad.”
Tony follows Clint to his car as they chat about the game and their plans for tonight. When they get to Clint’s car, Thor is already there waiting for them, leaning against Clint’s car. Clint gestures them over to his trunk and pops it, where his duffle bag with football stuff is.
“And yet you keep coming over when I ask!” She challenges him.
He could tell she wanted more information, but he couldn’t bring himself to open up about it yet. “Yes.”
Tony can’t help but feel hurt by that, even though he wasn’t the one Clint made a rude comment about, but he decides to let it go and follow Clint to their usual table. Everyone else immediately starts roping him into the conversation and he finds himself cracking jokes and forgetting about the conversation from only moments ago.
As they continue their drive, he intentionally avoids looking her in the eyes. Despite this, she stares directly at him, as if challenging him to finally say something to her.
“I understand. Are your parents strict about girls?” Steve asks Tony as they walk upstairs to his room.
“We could go out there.” Steve suggests.
“Sorry! I’m nervous!” He protests.
“I didn’t know you’d be here.” He greets him.
“Yeah.” He fidgets with the notecards anxiously. “What are you doing for college?”
The next night, however, Steve does visit him.
“Thanks! Did you see that catch? I was all like” – he mimics jumping and catching the ball – “and the one of the defensive lineman was like” – he growls and mimes a charging bull – “you know?”
“That could be the title of my biography.” He spats bitterly.
He gives her a pleading look, so she sighs. “Yeah, of course! What hours would you like? I don’t have many workers, so you can pretty much pick when you want to work.”
“He wants me to take over the company. He is pressuring me into that career path so much, Steve, and I don’t know what to do.” The more he talks, the more emotional he feels, and so by the end, he is practically yelling when he says, “What do I do? I don’t want to do that; I don’t want to run his fucking company!”
“Shut up.”
“Stay with me? Just a little longer?” He says his voice barely above a whisper.
“Don’t try to trick me, Tony. I’m not an idiot. All you want is to go to college. Would you honestly give that up?” Howard teases cruelly.
“Me too.”
“Are you fighting with your dad again?” She pries, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder, but he shakes it off.
Tony’s eyes widen in amazement. “That’s incredible. I’m really happy for you.”
“I really like this!”
“Do you have a date?” He asks, already knowing that the answer would be yes.
“Is Pepper here?” He asks, out of breath.
“Well it’s either this or I break up with Steve and actually get a girlfriend.” He stands up and looks at all of the Polaroid photos lining her walls.
“Here you go.” He says nervously.
“Are you ever going to make me proud?”
“Sure.”
“Thanks.” He breaths.
Tony pays, much to Steve’s dismay, telling the woman, “Thank you.”
*Ways to Go- Grouplove
“My mom is nice too. She is a lawyer, so she works long hours too, but sometimes she gets up early and makes me breakfast. She does her best but works a hard job as I’m sure you know.” He hesitates and chooses his words carefully. “My dad wants what’s best for me, which I appreciate. I just wish that he could also consider what I want.”
“I know.” He says simply, continuing to look at the other couples on the floor.
Tony rolls his eyes and closes his book. “Of course, you did.”
“I’ll have a vanilla, please.” Steve chooses.
They all disperse and head to their respective cars. Tony climbs into the passenger’s side and buckles up, while Howard does the same. They pull out and drive in silence for a few minutes. Tony waits expectantly for Howard to address how the meeting went.
Tony kicks a rock, not meeting Steve’s eyes when he says, “So.”
“Done!” He calls out, before emerging in a maroon velvet suit jacket with black pants. His hair is gelled to the side and he looks really nice.
The more he explains, the more her eyes widen. “What the hell? That’s borderline abusive! What did you do?”
“Hi! Are you ready to start? You look tired already, and you haven’t even started. Are you sure you don’t want different hours?”
“Yeah. I had stuff to do.”
“It’s not the popularity, it’s the… approval, I guess.”
That threw Tony off of his rhythm. “What?”
“Your welcome.” She tells him back in the same aggressive tone, though there is a small smile on her face.
“No, I’m fairly sure she’s still at the dance. Why?”
Tony freezes. He wants to say yes so badly, and he hates doing this to Steve. He knows he deserves better. He looks towards Steve regrettably. “I’m sorry; I can’t.”
“Mr. Stark, you are late. This is not a good way to start off the year.” Mr. Fury scolds.
“Sure. Thanks.”
Steve, hearing this, walks into the room and stands by Tony. “Hello, Ms. Stark. I’m Steve.”
“So, you’re… gay?”
That next Monday, he drops Pepper off in front of her house like usual before pulling into his driveway. He enters his house, yells out his arrival, grabs a snack, and heads upstairs to work on a history project. He didn’t really expect to see his family tonight due to their jobs and his workload, so he is surprised to hear his mom call, “Anthony, come down for dinner!”
All of a sudden, her eyes widen, “I need to go shopping for a dress!”
“Yeah, and I haven’t seen any of the previous ones either. Is that going to matter?”
“I won’t go to college at all. Then what? That would be really shameful, wouldn’t it.”
She beams. “I’m glad. It just came from a box though, so no big deal.”
When they get into the gym, where the dance is being held, they are immediately overwhelmed by the appearance of it. There are white and blue streamers everywhere along with hand cut paper snowflakes and glitter.
“What’s so funny about that?”
“Yes, is that a problem?”
“His name is Steve. I met him when I was at my aunt’s diner the other day.”
“I got it.” Pepper beats him to the punch, leaning across him to hand the woman working the drive-thru window a couple of waded up bills.
“Tomorrow?”
Cold Cold Man- Saint Motel
Tony spins to look at his mom and challenges her, “Did you have nothing to say to him?”
“Okay. I’ll see you in on Monday. Have fun!” He walks over and gives her a kiss on the head.
“Come on.”
He just couldn’t wait anymore. “I got in!” He shouts. “My letter came and they’re letting me in! I get to go to MIT! I’ve been waiting for this almost my entire life and I can’t believe it’s finally happening, and I get to be an engineer and go to college and oh my god it’s happening.”
“You think?” He asks sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Drove around America with my brother.” Tony let out an impressed whistle. “I know. It was a long trip and I came so close to killing him. Would’ve so much rather been on the beach like you.”
“How do I look?” Tony asks him, pulling at his collar.
“He’s not my dad anymore, not really. He can’t do this to me. I’ll be out of the house in three months and if he is going to treat me like this, in addition to how he has treated me my entire life, then I hate him.”
“Are you guys both down?” Clint asks him, opening the bag.
“Where?”
“Well, I’m not happy about any of it, so we’re even.” He snaps, before storming past them and heading to his room.
“I’m not sorry.”
“Thank you.”
Steve rushes over to his mom as the photo prints. “Let’s see how it looks!”
“Sure, but do you have anything not spiked?” Steve responds, following him.
“Only a little.” He laughs and looks around at the chaos. “It’s basically been like this the whole time.”
“It should be settled in the next few days, which I’m glad about. This last month has been tough. Maybe after that, we could catch a movie, Anthony?”
Pepper cuts in, “So, I’m having a party Friday night because end of the cheer season and all that. You two should come.”
“… no. It’s fine. I’ll just work on my homework.”
“No, that’s fine. I have a car too, but I live close to there so I can walk.”
“She’s crazy.”
“Got it.”
He stands up, getting ready to leave when his father says, “Have you given any more thought to working for the company?”
“Father.” He greets in return, confused.
“Tony, I-” Steve starts, shocked, but Tony cuts him off.
Immediately after school, he runs over to his aunt’s diner. Peggy Carter is the nicest person ever. Her short hair is always in a perfect bun and her clothes are ironed, so she always looks put together, but she has a closet consisting of mostly soft sweaters despite the weather and she gives the best hugs, so it’s okay.
“How’s the book?”
They hop off the trunk and prepare to leave. “Are you walking home?”
“I don’t even want to know.”
“Your old person is coming out.” He teases and Steve grins.
“Oh, thank you! You’re too kind.” She blushes at the compliment.
“Hey, just because I don’t have this job doesn’t mean I won’t see you. We still have school and I’m not planning to stop our dates anytime soon.”
“I got in trouble and now I need money. Are you hiring?”
“I feel like shit, Pepper.” He whispers to her through his fake smile.
He wants to say yes. He wants to jump up and down and scream with excitement, but the small voice inside of him that warns him of his parents wins, like usual. “I don’t know… I don’t want people to get the wrong idea.”
“Of course.” She smiles kindly and shuts the door.
They talked for a little bit longer until the movie started. Tony probably watched Steve more than he watched the actual movie because he’s seen it so many times and the other boy’s facial expressions were amusing. His eyebrows would shoot up at the shocking parts and when he laughed his nose would scrunch up.
“Yeah.” He checks his watch, stands, and brushes the crumbs off of his pants. Tony frowns a little, so Steve clarifies, “I should go. My mom’s a nurse and gets home from work around now and I don’t want her to notice I’m gone.”
“Fine.”
“Thanks, I pride myself on it.”
“Then alright.” She waves back to the boy. “Can I meet him? I want to make sure you aren’t friends with the wrong crowd.” She jokes.
She deflates and leans against the back of the couch. “Oh god.”
“Of course. Shall we sit down?”
“That happens to be true, thank you very much.”
“Do you know what today is?”
“No kidding.” Pepper says, coming up to them. “Hi guys! You look great.”
“Maybe…”
“You’re a life saver.” He grins at her.
“Don’t forget it.”
“Oh, that’s cool.”
Tony tries to match his enthusiasm. “Hey!”
“I guess. What about you?”
“Every single word.” And that is true.
“Huh, that’s weird.”
Steve scrunches up his nose. “Don’t you have some burgers to flip or something? I didn’t come here to be criticized for my preferences.”
“Please, call me Sarah.”
“You’re cancelling?”
The younger boy crosses his arms in defiance. “Have you given any more thought to letting me live my own life?”
“That was quick.”
“I forgot; Pepper is going to be cheerleading.” Clint rolls his eyes and makes a kissy face at him, causing Tony to give him a small shove. Their conversation was cut off by the warning bell before Tony could retort.
“Are you used to having store bought meals?” She asks.
“Hi.”
He rolls his eyes. “I have to go to a meeting with my dad.”
He chuckles nervously. “As far as I know.”
The next day, when Tony sees Steve sitting in the cafeteria by himself, he doesn’t know what to do. On one hand, they had fun last night, and Tony wants to talk to him again. Alternatively, he doesn’t want to scare him off with his extroversion. Steve looks perfectly content, doing what appeared to be doodling in a sketch book. He ultimately decides to casually go up and talk to him.
“Thank you.” He sits there patiently, and Tony is confused for a moment, causing Steve to prompt him, “Okay, time for you to hold up your end of the deal.”
“Pepper, it’s six!”
“A job?” He jokes, approaching the cash register.
Steve thinks for a moment before agreeing. “Deal.”
“So where are your parents now? Do they know this is happening?”
“That’s what I’m telling him!” Howard jokes.
“How do I know that?” He crosses his arms and stares Tony directly in the eyes. “If you want money, you better get a job. Maybe it will help build some character. I can’t believe you.”
“Hi, Anthony!” His mom tells him, wrapping him in a hug.
“Well, for one, you seem pretty cool. Also, yeah, I’ve only spoken to you a couple of times, but how am I supposed to get to know you better if neither of us takes any initiative?”
“Besides, what would I have to do there other than talk to you?” That hurts him as much as a smack to the face.
“Absolutely. Hoping to get noticed by college scouts.”
Tony spins around and looks at him straight in the eyes. “If you care so much come join us!”
“Alright then, maybe you should have some water.” Steve tells him, standing up.
They are saved from their awkward silence by the football coach calling, “Barton! Locker room, now!”
“I have another on Sunday.” Howard proposes.
Tony chuckles nervously and doesn’t know what to say. He can’t very well tell him the truth or else he would come off way to strong, so instead he opts for vague. “Sorry, we aren’t close enough for an explanation. Maybe stop by again tomorrow.”
“Yeah.” He agrees, firmly. A second later he adds, “Thank you.”
“We broke up.” Tony shrugs nonchalantly, trying to hold back his tears.
“Plus, whether I’m dancing or watching, I will never appreciate jazz music.” He jokes to lighten the mood and Steve smiles, which he considers a win.
“What the hell were you thinking?” His father finally snaps at him.
“Now that seems fitting. Flavor? I love anything chocolate.”
“Hi, Aunt Peggy!” He tells her happily once he sees her.
It’s been three months since they broke up. Tony hasn’t really talked to Steve since then, except for apologies when they run into each other and asking to borrow a pen. It is hard to put all your faith in someone and have them know you so well and then have them treat you like a stranger. Not that Tony can talk, because he hasn’t really put any effort into a conversation either.
He quickly began stuttering out apologies. “I’ll make it up to you. I’ll go to as many meetings as you want.”
“Thanks, dude.” Clint starts to head over to his car further over in the parking lot. “A few of us are gonna hang out. You coming?”
“Enough to make me not nervous, but I also feel confident in my decision-making abilities.” Tony says, though he isn’t sure how true that is because he definitely is regretting talking. Plus, his head is getting a little swimmy.
Steve suggests, “Where do you want to go? We could go back to my place and do something.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“Well he’s a piece of shit, so ignore what he says. Besides, it doesn’t matter what random people think about you.”
“You guys are going to the dance together? That’s so cute!” She squeals.
“I don’t know if I can do this.” He tells her, looking at the envelope in his hands.
Tony’s smile falls. “What’s wrong with him?”
“Can you please roll the top up? You’ll mess up my hair.” She scolds him.
“Are you ready to go?” She asks him, grabbing her bag.
Naturally, he tells Pepper everything on the way home from school.
“Honestly? Me too.”
“Damn.” She sighs. “Does he like you back?”
He walks to his car practically in a daze. When he gets there, Pepper is waiting for him.
Tony takes a deep breath and decides ultimately that he wants to come clean and be liked by her instead of trying to keep a big secret. “He runs it?”
“You should’ve been studying or helping me with the company. Spending all your time with your friends is not productive at all.”
“Anthony, what’s going on?” She asks, worried.
“Steve, what’s-” Sarah walks in, but Steve waves her off. She gives them a small, sad smile, before retreating back to her room.
Tony grins, amused. “Is this your first party?”
“I like vanilla.”
“November 15
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Thinking about college?”
“Now, you better head over there! You’re late!” She pushes him forward.
“I’ve got to go now. Enjoy the game you two.” She gives them a genuine smile, before jogging to the sidelines where the other cheerleaders are waiting.
“Hi! It’s Tony. Is Steve there?” He asks as politely as he can, considering he is trying not to scream with excitement.
“Got lots of homework and if my grades fall, I’m toast. I’m already on thin ice after the other night.”
He feels someone appear next to him, but he doesn’t look up until they loudly clear their throat. When turns to acknowledge them, he is exasperated to see a familiar face.
“Bye!”
“Okay.” He stands up and walks towards the counter. “Want some coffee cake? I’ll pay.”
“I’ll take a soda, thanks.”
“Pepper!” Both of their faces turn bright red.
She walks in with half of her hair curled and a scowl on her face.
“Bye.”
“Hey! Tony! Are you coming?” Clint asks him, coming to stand by him.
That night, he is surprised to find himself feeling a strange sense of nostalgia. As excited as he is to not have to be here every night, he is going to miss having his late-night talks with Steve and free food, though he supposes he can do that anyway.
“Yes. Are you?”
“C’mon, get excited. We will both get to wear suits.”
He accepts the money and deposits it in the register before spinning around to make the drink. He freezes for a moment because he doesn’t know how to make a latte, but luckily his aunt is there to help him with the steps. He is done with it in about two minutes, which may have irritated the man, but it was good timing for the teenager.
Tony pauses. He doesn’t know if he can trust Steve yet. After all, he has barely met him. Although, Steve hadn’t really recognized him in the first place and doesn’t really seem to care much about who he is. He decides to take a risk and explain his situation.
They leave the bustling crowd behind and walk to the restaurant across the street. It is surprisingly busy for being almost ten o’clock, so they get in line to order to go.
“Bye. It was really nice to talk to you.” He tells him sincerely.
“Like?”
“I feel like I’ve barely seen you.” She sighs, plopping into the chair.
“Anthony. You’re home later than expected.” He comments.
Tony has to resist the urge to flee on the spot. Steve, having only known him for a short period of time, is unaware of what a loaded question that is. The thing is, Tony is unsure how to answer that question. Because he loves his parents, obviously. They are his parents. It’s just that it is a little hard to be a Stark sometimes, despite how ignorant that sounds.
“Yeah, I’d like that.” Steve gives him a small, sheepish smile.
Tony’s face lights up and he immediately directs all his attention to his boyfriend. “Ooh! Draw me!”
Right now, Pepper and Tony are getting ready. Pepper is in a long white dress with tall tan heels, curling her hair in Tony’s bathroom, while he gets dressed in his room. He is wearing a white button down, black slacks, and dress shoes, and is attempting to tie his red tie.
“What’s going on here?” He asks, eyeing Tony warily.
“Drawing.”
“Are we ready?” She asks, flopping next to him on the couch where he waits, drinking a beer.
“A little over an hour.”
“That’ll be a dollar and eight cents.”
Unfortunately for them, about two minutes later, a police officer stumbles across them.
“Okay.”
Howard lowers his head to peer at his son over his sunglasses. “I’m done having this conversation with you. You have a brilliant future all laid out for you, why risk it?”
“Oh! Of course.” He starts to go before Tony calls out to him.
“So now what?”
“Don’t be. I’ll be off at college next year, so you won’t even have to worry about it.” He shrugs and avoids her eyes.
“Well I just thought if you were serious about actually wanting to talk to me, you and your friends wouldn’t treat me like shit.” Steve tells him bitterly, not looking up from the book he is reading.
“We did, but I’m staying here this time.”
He wishes he could believe him. He wishes he could go back in time and correct all his mistakes. He wouldn’t be ashamed to call Steve his boyfriend. He would gladly hold his hand in public or let him meet his mom. He would’ve danced with him at the formal earlier that night. He wishes he could care less about what people think. Not that any of that matters.
At about one o’clock, he is almost falling asleep bent over the counter, but is awoken by the chime signaling the door.
“Where am I supposed to find a job?”
“Well, ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ is the most popular and well liked, but I’m a sucker for ‘Love of My Life.’ Although I can relate to ‘I’m in Love with my Car’ because I, too, love my car.”
“I got home Friday night and told her everything. She wants to have you over for dinner. I just didn't really know how to talk to you about it.”
He smiles and heads out of her office and into the diner itself. He sighs and decides to head home because he has two hours until his shift. He considered seeing if Pepper wanted to do something, but he honestly just wanted a shower and a nap before starting his last shift.
He doesn’t go to lunch. Instead, he sits in the library with a granola bar and gets ahead on his homework.
“It’s going well. We just signed a contract to turn this book series into a movie trilogy, which will be good for business.”
“Good. If you wore anything else, I’d be convinced you were a clone.” That makes Tony feel a little better, so he takes a deep breath.
“You can’t possibly love him.” He spits, and Tony boils with anger.
“Bye, Sarah!” He waves as they leave.
Pepper steps out of her house and stands next to him on the porch. They both drop down and sit on the steps.
Steve lays a comforting hand on Tony’s arm, and tells him with an even voice, “Hey, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.”
“Would you maybe want to go?”
Howard closes his eyes in frustration and seems to have an internal battle before relenting. “Fine. But that doesn’t mean I’m happy about it.”
“Definitely.”
“What time is it?”
Tony walks into the kitchen and leaves Steve near the stairs that head up to his room. He sees his mom sitting at the counter filling out some paperwork, and his dad is nowhere in sight. He lets out a breath of relief and walks over to her.
Steve gives him a quick kiss on the cheek before getting in the driver’s side. “Bye. I’ll see you Monday.”
He takes a shower and brushes his hair for the first time in months, so his brown hair lays flat instead of flying everywhere. He throws on his dress pants, a white button down, and a black suit jacket. He stares intently at his shoes trying to decide between his nice shoes and his vans, before ultimately going with his vans. He doesn’t want his feet to hurt and besides, footwear doesn’t really matter.
“Yeah, this is part four isn’t it?”
“From who? The team?” She asks, glancing back where the cheerleading team is sitting.
She climbs out of the car and blows him a kiss. “Bye!”
After an hour of pictures and tear-filled goodbyes, his mom asks him, “Are you ready to go?”
He gets to work wiping down the booths, cleaning the dishes, and sweeping the floor. When that finishes, he does his homework. After that, he puts on the radio and hums along to the songs as he about dies of boredom.
He walks over and stands in front of Tony, reaching up to fix his collar. They are so close that Tony can feel the heat from Steve’s breath on his face. He feels a blush rise to his cheeks as Steve puts his hands on his shirt. He folds over the back and smooths it out.
“Yeah, it was boring. Anyway, I brought back a friend, so we’ll be upstairs.”
Howard stands up and begins to pace in front of him, steadily growing angrier. “Do you realize how bad this makes me look? If anyone finds out about this, our whole family will be shamed.”
Tony dreads having to face his friends. He doesn’t know how he can possibly hide what happened, especially from Pepper, seeing as she both lives next door and is his best friend. He decides to rip the band-aid off when they get in the car and just tell her what happened the couple days before.
“Okay.” He takes off his brown bomber jacket and folds it gently over one of the chairs in their dining room. “I’ve heard lots of good things about you.”
“I don’t know! What am I supposed to do?”
“We have water and soda.”
“Can I work the night shift? Like, ten to two Monday through Saturday?”
He decides to break the ice “What did you think of my friends?”
“Cool. I have a car; do you want me to pick you up or something?”
“Really? Why?”
“Do you want to go?” Tony asks Steve.
“Don’t you already have a million dresses?”
“Okay, don’t move.” They stand together with matching grins, but Tony trips at the last second over his untied shoelace and falls into Steve, and they both start laughing. “You moved!”
“Sorry.”
“So how much of this do you mean?” Steve asks him.
“...right.”
“No, seriously, you’ve been weird recently.”
When Sarah Rogers opens the door, her face lights up when she sees him, and she immediately ushers him inside.
“You are aware that marijuana, especially underage, is a criminal offence, right?”
“Come on, Pepper! Live a little. Aren’t you going to miss this?”
“How late are you open?”
His mother agrees, “That sounds reasonable.”
His day goes much of the same. They already start to take notes in his advanced chemistry class, much to everyone’s dismay. He barely gets to see any of his friends, due to their less challenging schedules. At the end of the day, he finds himself on the bleachers working on his homework while Pepper has her practice. She catches his eye a couple times and gives him a small smile.
Tony sits in his chair and poses, though he gets distracted halfway through and looks out the large window next to him, causing Steve to screech, “Hold still!”
“Unfortunately, yes. I’m sorry, but you were right, and it really is wearing on me.”
He slides into the seat next to Steve at lunch the next day, saying “You didn’t stop by last night.”
He takes a deep breath. “I like Steve. As like… more than friends.”
As if on cue, the door opens to reveal Pepper’s dad, Eric Potts. He looks at the situation before him with his daughter doing her makeup and a teenage boy on her bed, failing to hide the alcohol in his hands. His expression scrunches up and he sighs loudly.
“I haven’t started yet. I’m Tony, by the way.”
Steve walks in front of Tony, so he has to look at him in the eyes. “I don’t think that at all.”
“I wasn’t, sir.”
“Hi mom.”
“Okay, good. We have an hour before the party starts.”
“Has he still been putting pressure on you about the company?” She asks, concerned.
“I don’t mean to make you feel bad about being busy, I just wish you could make more time to be at home.”
Tony has to resist the urge to nervously mess with his shirt. “I gave Pepper Potts a ride home from cheerleading practice.”
“Sure.” Tony shrugs.
“Seriously? I feel like we just did this.”
“How was your summer? Have fun in Hawaii?” Clint jokes, walking next to him to their class.
He looks into her eyes and almost throws up all over her. “You know what, forget it. It’s not that bad.”
“Yes, sir.”
“You have to have a good work ethic and great intellect for that.”
“Insomnia.”
“It was my first day back at school today, you can’t wait even a few days before you start harping on me again?”
“Why would I when you live next door? I’m trying to be better for the environment.” She tries to convince him, though he knows that isn’t true.
*Fluorescent Adolescent- Arctic Monkeys
“Yep.”
Out of my League- Fitz and the Tantrums
She just sticks her tongue out at him.
“Still. Thank you.” He tells her sincerely.
“I’m sorry!” She apologizes, sounding not sorry at all.
“Yeah, that’s because you’ve barely been home.” He says, trying to keep the bitterness from his voice.
“Tony! You coming?” He turns around to see Clint standing up and their regular table waving to him.
“Pepper-” Tony tries, but she quickly cuts him off.
“Seriously, let’s go. Do you know how bad it looks if we are over here just chilling by ourselves with some random dude.”
“No, I just thought it would be nice for us to have a family dinner because we hardly ever do.” His mother tells him as she scoops him some food for his plate.
He rips open the envelope and scans the page, his eyes quickly scanning every word on the page. He can hardly believe what he’s seeing.
Tony wants to fight him on that, but the pounding in his skull convinces him to relent. “Fine.”
“You think I want everybody to know that I have to get a job and don’t have any money? Have you heard Clint and Thor recently?” He asks her, thinking back to their lunch trip yesterday and the many comments they have made in the years.
“Why do you want to be friends with me so badly?”
He looks around at everyone, some people he’s known since elementary and middle school, and decides, “Yeah.”
“I’m going with some of the other cheerleaders, would you want to come?”
Steve blushes and leans in and kisses him. At that moment, his door flies open, and Steve and Tony jump apart and whip around to see who it is. There stands Howard Stark.
“What?”
“Surprisingly, yes.” He chuckles.
They sit down next to each other across from their other friends. The boys seem shocked that he was sitting with them again, but to their credit they don’t mention it and continue on with their conversation as if it hasn’t been months since the two last sat there. They were in the middle of a discussion about some new horror film that just got released and Clint’s plan to take various girls to see it on a date.
Tony sits at the diner that night just working on his homework for hours. Steve doesn’t stop by.
“Well, my dad did. He’s less than thrilled.”
“So are you. It is almost three in the morning.”
“Sorry, I can’t this Sunday.”
He stands up to leave stuttering, “I guess nothing, but I just thought-”
“Really?” He seems doubtful.
“Hello, Tony. You look very nice.”
“No, like actually. You are really, really good.”
“Bye!” He hops into his car and pulls out, ignoring Steve standing there gaping like a fish.
“But I mean, we haven’t tipped off anybody yet. We don’t even look like a couple. We’ll just be two single dudes who hang out together because they don’t have dates.” Steve pushes with a large grin on his face.
“It’s not boring, it’s good! It’s a classic!”
He snorts. “Yeah, a lot of good that will do.”
“Man, it must be so great to be rich like that.” Clint frowns.
“It isn’t charity. It’s a favor.” She insists.
“Why would you do that?” Steve asks, giving him an incredulous look.
“Nope.” He points back to by the steps where Steve gives her a small wave.
“Grey.”
Approximately a minute later, she is climbing in through the window in his room.
“You remember it?” Steve sounded both shocked and exasperated.
“I’ll meet you by the stage.” Pepper calls, disappearing into the crowd, as Tony pulls away from the hug.
Tony tries to not get too hopeful. “There’s a but?”
They work in a rhythm, cleaning all the dishes. Despite the fact that Tony hates chores and has never really had to do them, he finds himself enjoying his time with the Rodgers’.
“Or the right idea.” Steve corrects bitterly.
The football game ends up being really interesting. They are playing against a really good team from their region and it is a close game. Tony isn’t shocked. At this point in the season, they are one of the best in the area, if not the state. For sure if they win this game. It was close until the fourth quarter when Hayes High got ahead by twenty-eight points. Because of that, both boys got a little bored. As fun as the football games are, neither of them are sports fans and most people go for the social aspect.
“He’s a boy.”
Steve walks into their living room and sits on the floral printed couch. Tony follows along behind him and takes a seat on the couch as well.
“Thanks. I know you’ll do great at MIT.”
Tony scoffs. “Did you even listen to me the other night?”
“Your logic is flimsy.” She pouts, but he can see the small smile on her face that lets him know she isn’t really mad.
“Hey!” Tony greets him, already placing Steve’s usual order onto the counter in front of him. The other boy grins.
His voice is cracking, and he feels so helpless, curled up on a too-small sofa and wrapped in a handknit blanket with tears streaming down his face uncontrollably. He wants to pull himself together and convince Steve that he’s fine and there’s no reason to worry, but he can’t. All of his built-up resentment towards his family and love for Steve coming pouring out of him and no matter how hard he tries; he can’t calm down. He humiliates himself by hiccupping and almost making himself sick, but he can’t remember the last time he cried and now he doesn’t know how to stop.
