Steve had been sending them periodic photos from his trip through modern America. They ran the gambit from bemused wonder (a shot of thirty different brands and varieties of toothpaste) to righteous outrage (a close-up on the price of a baseball ticket, submitted without comment), but to Tony’s delight, they were all deeply, constitutionally dorky.
He knew he should probably let Steve finish. Steve had never officially come out to him – maybe he hadn’t told anyone how he felt about Bucky at all – and it looked like it was taking him an immense effort to get the confession out. But Tony didn’t think he could stand to hear the truth confirmed just now, not when he was still reeling from the recognition of his own feelings on the matter.
“Last week the two of you teased each other about shirt sizes for twenty minutes in the middle of movie night. I’m 95% sure you had forgotten the rest of us were even in the room until Thor smashed the popcorn bowl on the floor to celebrate the explosion of the Death Star. So out with it, Rogers. What’s the plan to put us all out of our misery?”
“Well, that’s not ominous at all,” Tony remarked as Steve trotted forward to yank at the doorknobs. They were stuck in place – refusing even to rattle in response to Steve’s pulls.
Rumlow chuckled, and Tony gave Steve a small shake of his head – whether to say, “I’m fine” or “stop being so dramatic,” Steve couldn’t tell.
"It's late! I didn't think you were coming. Plus I gave it to someone who really deserved it, I promise." She fluttered her eyelashes.
Tony stared at him, a vague sense that he was going to get an “I told you so” from Pepper floating into his mind.
“What the fuck is Captain America?” Tony muttered out loud.
“You went on television and gave a terrorist your home address!” Steve exploded.
“Tony!”
“Did Skye discover anything about who made the video?” Steve asked him.
“You’re conspiring with my tech now? This is treason. What other allegiances have you corrupted?” Tony responded. He grimaced apologetically at Steve, but Steve’s expression was smooth and neutral. He waved his hand to indicate Tony should take the call, then turned around to busy himself with the dishes in the sink.
“Oh, now he’s concerned about his well-being,” Tony muttered, ripping the lid off of a pudding cup and stabbing a plastic spoon into the dessert. “Where was that healthy sense of self-preservation when you were offering yourself up to your mortal enemies with a goddamn bow tied around your neck?”
“What?” Steve blurted out. “Why?”
Tony heaved a sigh, running both his hands vigorously through his hair as if he could shake loose a connection his brain hadn’t grasped yet. He found his eyes lingering over a photocopy of Steve Rogers’ sketch of the Oratorio di Santa Croce in Azzanno, the soft pencil shading somehow managing to capture the effect of sunlight hitting the red-tile roof.
I set a
“Shit, Cap,” Clint swore. Natasha gave Steve’s foot a squeeze, and Rhodey threw a small smile Tony’s way. They’d just gotten to the part of the movie when what had looked like disaster and fracture turned out to be collaboration, and it was a little cheesy, but, then again, Tony had been experimenting with letting himself fall for things that were a little cheesy sometimes. He nestled his head onto Steve’s shoulder and took one of the ginger snaps Thor was passing around.
“Okay,” Tony said at last. “We’ll do it together.”
“All right, Rogers,” Tony nodded after a moment. “Go get your beauty rest.”
Tony felt his heart rate quicken.
“Oh yeah, no big deal, I’ll just kill you and bring you right back!” Tony yelled. But his gaze was steady, and then he was moving, already ripping wires from the wall and positioning them in the metal tub of water. “I cannot fucking believe you are making me do this.”
“Well, I brought him a new uniform,” Tony said. “Extra flame-retardant to accommodate his habit of recreational grenade-jumping. Got some goodies for the rest of you too. Thrusters that don’t bank like a 747 for Wilson and that dark chocolate with the chili peppers for Wanda.”
“Come out, my tiny, murderous robot sons,” Tony called, “or I’m going to turn your favorite tree into a pile of toothpicks.”
You might be surprised, Tony thought ruefully as he turned and walked away.
“Thanks, guys,” Tony said. “Really appreciate all the support. But maybe let’s save the rest of the family feedback for the group text.”
“Do we have a location?” Steve asked over the comms.
“Is anyone else hurt?” Tony asked.
Steve felt the corners of his lips twitch.
“And I always see it too late,” Steve retorted. “
“Dr. Grant,” Coulson repeated, his tone as flat and featureless as the cut of his suit. “I hear very good things.”
She tossed him the keys and then sauntered over to curl up in one of the chairs by the fireplace, pulling her shins toward her chest so she could rest her chin on her knees.
“Maybe I could have used some of that advice, you know, on occasion,” Grant offered. “I think the Assistant Dean may have me on some kind of list.”
Tony chewed at the inside of his cheek.
“Car,” Tony replied, and Steve nodded.
“He said our marriage license was a national embarrassment!” Steve protested. “And you’re the one who threatened to buy the building he lived in and turn it into a gay strip club.”
“Why would I take your keys?”
The team waited until the doors closed on Ward before turning back toward each other.
“What would you do if you left the team?” Steve asked.
“Tony,” Steve said, raising his head and taking Tony’s face in his hands, “I would do it all over again for any time at all – for the worst hour of the worst day we’ve ever had. Please don’t think that I would trade any of it –”
“I invented a new game!” Clint elaborated, patting amiably at Thor’s hand on his shoulder. “It’s called Human Flippy Cup, and there’s — wait...where did I put the karaoke machine?” He twisted around, wobbled, and then started rifling through the fronds of a potted plant, presumably in search of a karaoke machine. “There’s a song-and-dance component.”
Tony flexed the gauntlet on his hand a few times and then retracted it into the metal bracelet around his wrist.
Steve had time to see the tip of a rifle clear the edge of the doorway, already pivoting toward the place where Tony was positioned in front of him, and then he lunged forward, using as much of his body weight as he could muster to plow the attacker backward and into the opposite wall. Molten pressure exploded through his abdomen in a wave, but he had the presence of mind to force the rifle upward, sending a spray of gunfire into the ceiling.
Natasha’s feet slipped gracefully to the floor as her posture shifted from lounge to crouch. Steve pulled the device out of his pocket, already moving toward where he had left his shield resting against the wall. But when he saw the code on the display, he froze.
“If they knew that drive existed, why not steal it?” he asked, any trace of agitation gone from his voice. “Why not take it by force?”
The first station on the track was deceptively close – a door that was still within reach if he could only bring himself to make the jump. Just one moment of feeling reckless, and Steve would throw the rogue Avengers’ cover out the window, pick up one of the hundreds of postcards he'd sketched on the back of drug-store receipts and paper coasters (“wish you were here”), and slip it in the mail. Hours later, when Steve cracked the door to the shitty motel room in Gdansk, Tony would be standing by the window, and Steve would reach for him before he remembered why he couldn’t. To his surprise, Tony would reach back: one hand tangling roughly in Steve’s hair and the other gripping the front of his shirt. He would kiss hard enough to bruise, and Steve would take it all, whispering over and over, “whatever you want, Tony. Whatever you want.”
– and you went to this Wilson guy you just met?”
“But I maintain,” he continued from behind the couch, “that the underlying principle of the design is both technologically sound and aesthetically adorable. Also, refs, can I get a rule check on ‘no using knock-out techniques on your teammates’?”
“No,” Steve said, and Tony bristled.
Tony and Clint got the message from Natasha at noon, were suited up by 12:15, and arrived at the overpass at 12:40: just in time to see Steve take a hit from a rocket launcher and get thrown fifty yards through the air and into a bus. Tony was already swearing viciously, fighting to keep his gauntlet loose where it was clasped around Clint’s waist. But then a man with a metal arm – the Winter Soldier, Natasha had called him – jumped down from the highway and started strafing the bus with gunfire, and Tony saw red.
“I’ve always pictured myself as more of a bass guitarist,” Steve replied evenly. Tony grinned.
Tony was helpless to say anything other than, "Okay?" He climbed into the front seat and started the car again. He popped off the e-brake and had barely touched the gas before his car was jerking forward, right up the hill, out of the snow, and back onto the shoulder. "Whoa." He pulled the brake again and switched the car off.
“She works on the floor above us, Tony,” Steve responded. “You’ve met her at least three times. You came over to her apartment last month when I was cat sitting.”
“You have a problem, man!” Rhodey yelled after Clint’s feet as they slithered away from the opening in the ducts. “Get help!”
As if on cue, the elevator pinged, and Clint emerged. His gait was loose, but his eyes were sharp as they scanned his four teammates for signs of wear and tear. His gaze lingered for a moment on Natasha, who gave him a tight nod as he approached.
“Nmph,” Tony protested as Steve slipped a pillow under Tony’s head in place of his lap.
Sitwell’s gaze snapped toward him, and he held his hands bracingly in front of him.
Now that he had arrived at the compound, however, the whole “take a breezy, fourteen-hour trip to double check that Steve’s face was not actually pale with blood loss” plan was feeling the tiniest bit ill-advised. Tony hadn’t been to the facility at all since the team had moved in, and he knew the timing of this particular visit was going to attract attention. He had another excuse for being there, but even that excuse relied on sharing news that he’d very much not wanted to communicate in person. He sat in his car outside the entrance to the residence, drumming his fingers rapidly against the steering wheel and considering the possibility of turning around. He could be back in the city by midnight, and if he was lucky, no one would even know he had come.
doing that right now. Do you hear me? I do not grant you absolution, so you better stick around and fight for it, you stubborn bastard.”
Tony was staring at him, his eyes darting quickly across Steve’s face as if JARVIS were scanning it for data. Steve held up under the silent scrutiny as long as he could before letting out an explosive breath.
“How did it even happen?” Tony asked. Irritation had leaked into his voice, but Natasha knew him well enough to know where it was really directed.
"Hey. Can we talk?" Tony pushed James backwards into his office and tugged the door closed behind him.
“I submit that I am taking this exactly as seriously as it deserves to be taken,” Tony retorted, leaning back in his chair and scrolling idly through his phone. “This is not my first proverbial rodeo, Pep. I broke a hundred death threats before I got my learner’s permit. That’s why I have Happy. That’s why I have a whole security team – not to mention a decorated Air Force Colonel who, I happen to know, loves to be called at all hours of the day when I need the smallest little thing. So really, I fail to see why this threat is any different from the last dozen or so would-be Lone Gunmen just because the person who sent the tip used an embarrassingly childish codename.”
“That’s terrible labor politics,” Bruce whispered back, and Jane Foster turned around to give them a pointed look.
Hauling Tony bodily out of his lab hadn’t been Steve’s intention when he’d decided to drop by with some chili left over from the team dinner. It hadn’t even been Steve’s intention when he’d noticed that Tony’s monologuing had increased in pace – from a mile a minute to a brisk, two-minute 5k – even though that was a sure sign that Tony was riding a caffeine bender through serious sleep deprivation. Ever since their fight about the infamous “sentient espresso machine” episode had ended in Clint adding “no yelling during
Tony cursed, glancing rapidly around the room to consider his options. He couldn’t leave Steve exposed like this, but he had no idea how many assailants were about to come through the door. He leapt up and grabbed the cart Rumlow had used to torture him, pulling it toward them and toppling it over so that it formed a makeshift barrier in front of Steve’s head and torso. Tony adjusted the angle of the cart just slightly so that – after he grabbed Rumlow’s gun and ducked behind a nearby pillar – he could see a distorted reflection of the door in the bottom of the metal basin. By the time he was in position, Tony had formulated three possible responses depending on how outnumbered he was: shooting from cover; distraction plus frontal assault; or conditional surrender. The condition, of course, would be Steve’s life, which Tony guessed – judging by the way Ward had aimed for Steve’s shoulder and leg – HYDRA might still find valuable.
“Your sacrifice of small talk is appreciated,” Tony acknowledged graciously. “I would have run the gauntlet myself, but I couldn’t risk getting cornered by Mace. He keeps trying to fill that last spot on the budget-audit committee, and I am
“You loved her,” Tony said.
“Fine!” Steve snapped. “Please. I’ll tell you. Ward, I’ll tell you, because the message comes from Coulson.”
after Bahrain. If she’s back in the field now, it’s not for SHIELD, and it’s not for Nick Fury. There’s another angle here, and I don’t like that I can’t see it.”
“Shit!” Tony swore, lurching against Steve’s chest in an effort to rise.
“In that case,” Steve said slowly. “There’s just one more stupid thing I’d like to try.” He paused, taking a deep breath as he scanned Tony’s face. “I really want to kiss you right now.”
“Last week at the faculty mixer he suggested we take a look at
“Go ahead: take it,” she said, turning up her palm to hold his gun out to him. Steve swore softly, glancing down at the empty holster at his hip and then snapping his gaze back to the firearm in Natasha’s hand. “Think of it as a guarantee that you’ll never fail someone again.”
“Tony,” Steve breathed, his shoulders sagging back onto the couch in relief.
“Trust me, I’ll definitely ‘knock you out’ later,” Steve smiled, throwing in an eyebrow raise of his own as he ran a hand through Tony’s hair, “but let’s all be together when the call comes. I’d like…it would be good to hear it as a team.”
“Understandable,” Tony nodded. “The first time I met her I forgot my own name for a minute, and I’m pretty sure she was only using her powers at half strength. Well, I hope those two crazy kids figure it out. They deserve something good.”
“BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!” Tony exploded. He sat back in his chair, and his whole body seemed suddenly to sag, as if someone had pulled a plug connected to his spine. “Jesus, Steve. You can probably remember the position of every piece in the game of chess we started last week, but you can’t see me making moves so goddamn obvious that even HYDRA clocked them.”
“We were right in the middle of a procedure,” complained someone who Tony assumed must be new to Avengers medical care.
. Tell Helen to come down with the team.”
“We need to have a code,” he said finally, dragging his eyes away from Tony’s with a physical effort. Tony blinked, as if in confusion, and the ground settled under Steve’s feet again. “If you need space while I’m on the job,” he continued, “we need to have a code, so you can let me know if there’s trouble. Because you’re not going to convince me to quit – or whatever it was you tried to do tonight. I’m not leaving until this is over.”
Dummy's nose wiggled, whiskers going mad.
This year, however, Tony was going to win.
“Because of
“Plus,” he added, “I think some of these HYDRA thugs are only temporarily disabled, and as much fun as it would be to see you follow through on your threat to put Rumlow’s face through a wall, I know how you get when your team’s been hurt.”
“No,” Ward replied, his face totally neutral now. “But she’s working on it. It was posted to a subreddit speculating about who the Mandarin is and what he’s after. But whoever uploaded it didn’t include any explanation. The post originated from a public library in Trenton, and it was deleted just a few hours later.”
As if on cue, a grappling arrow shot across the room and latched onto the side of a container of eggnog. The metal wire attached to the hook pulled taut and then retracted with a sharp twang, yanking the eggnog over their heads and back into the air vent.
“Spirit!” the terrified voice on Tony’s television called, “hear me! I am not the man I was. I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse. Why show me this, if I am past all hope!”
Inspired by a prompt from @wired-heartbeats on Tumblr: "Why are we the only two people relatively good at strip poker here damn it guess I gotta lose on purpose to get this rollin huh"
"Huh."
? Tony had lost every bet he’d made with her since the days when Natalie Rushman was clearing his schedule for lunch at Carbone, and she had just abandoned her second-largest item of clothing to a pocket-nines bluff from Thor, God of Incurable Credulity? Not fucking likely.
He broke off, struggling to push back the desperation clawing at his throat. He was just about to start trying precordial thumps when, from outside the room, he heard the unmistakable sounds of Clint Barton clearing a hallway.
“Exactly,” Tony nodded. “Those first few days, that was when I had my highest opinion of you. Of course I wouldn’t hold that press conference
“The other answer,” he plowed on, deliberately shifting his line of sight away from Grant and his infuriating notebook, “is even more central to my argument about the existing narrative of the SSR. The stories we think we know about this organization, I suggest, have placed so much emphasis on the engineering and circulation of weaponry that they’ve overlooked the human agents consumed by and for those weapons. Take, for example, this sketch of Sergeant James Barnes by Private Steven Rogers.”
“We broke up,” Tony blurted out. Steve froze.
“You wouldn’t believe the check-out lines at Macy’s,” Steve said. “If I had to hear one more angel sweetly singing over the plains, I was going to start taking hostages.”
“Yeah, me neither,” Tony agreed, at a loss to account for the nervousness in Grant’s posture. It seemed unlike him to keep it to himself if he'd hated the whole thing.
"Ah, no. It's lemon. It's just kind of late, and well…" May adopted a pout that was eerily similar to her nephew’s. "I'd kind of given up on seeing you."
“Well, if you’re still feeling up for it,” Steve offered. His own muscles felt loose and warm – fresh in a way that felt intoxicatingly unfamiliar – and he gave Tony a casual shrug just to feel his shoulders roll easily toward his back.
Tony picked at the corner of his coaster while he considered his response. There was no point pretending he wasn’t panicking, he supposed, since he’d pulled the trigger on the third postponement just yesterday. With a flimsy excuse about needing to attend to new developments in his father’s estate, he’d bought himself three more weeks: enough time either to pull together forty minutes of new material, or else to cobble together a talk based on old research and watch Tyler Hayward from the Promotion and Tenure committee shake his head in faux-regret from the first row.
“We don’t have confirmation of their status,” Steve said, stacking the words like mental weights against a door he couldn’t afford to open. “First priority is gathering our forces and conducting search and rescue.”
“Well, now, someone’s looking much better,” a voice purred suddenly in his ear, and Tony’s stomach reeled horribly.
Tony nodded.
Steve looked up and caught Tony’s eyes, his heart rate picking up speed as memories of those same eyes flashed through his mind in quick succession: tearing up with laughter over a plate of cornstarched bananas, pinched with fear over a surgical mask, narrowed in concentration over the remote control for an adjustable bed.
fault.”
True to his word, he turned away from Steve and started making his way up the stairs, the plaintive
He glanced over to where Steve had emerged from the crowd and saw Steve searching his face carefully. No words came out, but Tony must have sent a signal with his eyes, because the next thing he knew, the pressure on his arm had disappeared, and his view of Ty was entirely blocked by the expanse of Steve’s back. Some free part of Tony’s brain wondered how Steve had managed to extricate Tony without so much as brushing against him, but then he heard Ty let out a strangled yelp as Steve twisted his arm into the air.
“If this is about the reply-all incident, I think it’s possible he made an honest mistake.”
“I am not –” Tony gritted his teeth briefly, as Sam and Natasha traded looks and Wanda smirked. “I’m here on business.”
“Admitting…what exactly?” Steve asked.
“Steve,” Tony said, as the other Avengers filed out of the kitchen. “Why are our friends leaving us alone with the pumpkins?”
Disclaimer: I know next to nothing about technology or anatomy.
"The students are fine, Tony. They're after me. Which is why you need to go." James grabbed Tony's arm and started dragging him out of his office.
He looked down at his fists, trying to breathe through the roaring sound in his ears.
Tony’s face crumpled for a moment, something raw and horrible twisting at his features, and then he was hammering at the plate glass with renewed fury, cursing eloquently as he tried to create a crack for some of the water circling Steve’s shoulders to escape.
But if Rhodey finished that sentence, Tony didn’t hear it, because at that moment he heard a sound that narrowed the whole world to one agonizing hope.
“You’ve been doing a lot of sleeping, there, Cap? It doesn’t look like you were nestled in your bed dreaming of sugarplums when Bruce found you.”
Tony hesitated. This was the part he’d
The light peeked through the clouds in an unexpected place: the Google alert that Tony had set up for “Margaret Carter” returned a result from Brooklyn Community College. The accompanying article explained that the college was naming a new wing of their library in Carter’s honor in gratitude for her long-standing support and a generous donation that the Carter estate had made after her passing in 2016.
Tony took his double-chocolate macadamia back out towards the side door, but a large table filled with students caught his eye, and he did a double take when he realized who was leading the study group. Of course Dr. "Man of the People" Grant ate lunch with his students and offered crit on their course work. Tony couldn't help himself. "How was the pie?"
Tony made an effort to keep the disappointment off his face, but he couldn’t stop himself from rapping his knuckles irritably against the arm of his chair. The skin on his fingers was still raw from the now-unfamiliar work of wielding a sword – a few pale red lines marking the places where the edges of his gauntlets had pinched against his gloves. But the sting of oak against bone grounded him. It transposed the rattling sensation at the base of his skull into a rhythm of pain he could control.
“Judging by the bioscans, Agent Harrison seems to be alive, though in some distress,” a second new voice – Jemma Simmons – followed up.
“Blame is assigned by the survivors, Stark,” Natasha said evenly. Her face darted into view at one end of her barricade, next to a box wrapped in “Hulk Smash!” paper. “And if we don’t get these ornaments contained before Bruce’s chocolate pecan pie has to come out of the oven, I can’t guarantee that anyone in this room will qualify.”
“Apparently not,” Steve replied, the bitter taste of it washing over his tongue.
"Trust me. I'm pretty good at this sort of thing."
He closed his eyes at the memory, balling up his love and pain and regret as if he could place them in Bucky's hands:
“You were pretty out of it, and Helen was just getting off her clinical rotation at the ER, so I asked her to make sure you were okay. I wasn’t sure whether you would want to have the cops involved — you know, with your parents and everything. Then I brought you home.”
“I was technically dead for seventy years,” Steve retorted. “And I’ve been wanting to do this for almost as long as I’ve been alive again.”
Tony sighed. "Fine. I guess I forgive you. Which lucky bastard absconded with my pie?"
Tony answered by grabbing a fistful of Steve’s shirt and pulling him into a kiss. It was open and hungry in a way that had Steve pressing forward, holding tighter to Tony’s waist as they tangled together.
“Not anymore,” Steve replied evenly. “Now I’m your protection agent, Mr. Stark. That is, I will be, if you agree to my conditions.”
It took three hours of pacing in his office, thirty minutes of leaving increasingly frantic voice mails for Bruce about the status of “Operation: Kill the Inappropriate Crush with Fire,” twenty minutes of scraping half an iceberg off his car, and then an additional hour of driving carefully in the wake of a snow plow before Tony made it home again. The wisest course of action at that point would probably have been to take a hot shower and go straight to bed. So, of course, twenty minutes later Tony had arranged all his research notes on the remaining floorspace of his study so that he could examine them all simultaneously while perching on top of his desk with a bag of rainbow Chips Ahoy and a reheated mug of coffee he hoped had been brewed within the last two days.
Tony looked up from the electrical sensors he’d been pulverizing to see that Bruce had stopped pretending to work and was hovering nearby with a frown on his face.
“Clearly,” Bruce murmured, taking a slow sip of his IPA and regarding Tony carefully. “And I’m sure this fixation on an energetic new colleague has nothing whatsoever to do with the fact that you’ve pushed back your research talk three times this month?”
Once inside the stone building, Tony headed straight for the reference desk, which was being staffed by a man who looked like he may have borne personal witness to the signing of the Declaration of Independence. A placard sitting next to a steaming mug of tea announced the man as Arnie Roth, research librarian.
“Thank you,” he said, swinging his leg over the bike and starting the engine before he could lose the will to go. “Try not to pick too many fights without me.”
“Oh, you mean the list for people who email the faculty listserv to say that proctoring software is - how did you put it? ‘Cop shit’? Yeah, you’re going to be getting a really uncomfortable new desk chair delivered to your office in the next few days.”
“Yeah, Tony, it’s a real surprise to learn that you’re a twitchy sleeper,” Steve said dryly. “I never would have guessed. You’re otherwise so restrained.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Tony muttered, rolling his eyes. “Tell Barton he can shove – wait a minute, what happened to my TV?!”
“Jesus. Fuck,” Tony cursed viciously. His expression had hardened in an instant, but his touch was gentle as he spun Steve toward him and pulled the fabric of away from the wound.
“Yeah?” Steve asked, searching Tony’s face. A small doubt had flickered to life somewhere in his mind, and he tried to summon the will to bring it into focus. But then Tony’s hands were running south down his back, and Tony’s breath was hot and ragged against his neck.
“Hey, losers,” Natasha said, popping her head in the doorway. “Clint’s already texting me photos of ‘the Leaning Tower of Pizza,’ so if we want to get there before he’s puking in the bushes and singing ‘Single Ladies’ to regurgitated pepperoni, we better get this show on the road.”
“No kidding,” Steve said dryly.
“You’re an absolute bastard, Rogers.”
“I’ve never noticed any issues with the old belt,” Steve persisted, pushing right past the innuendos, which always cropped up with greater frequency the more exhausted Tony became. “How could the need for updates possibly be urgent enough to justify running yourself into the ground this way? It’s reckless.”
“Thanks for the tip,” he acknowledged, “And now, as delightful as this little chat has been, I still have a lot of funding requests to politely deny. So if that’s all you had for me, I’m going to advise that you stop touching my lamp and start working on your talk - anywhere, literally anywhere but here.”
“Just want to take my time,” he told Tony.
Which made it all the more surreal when Steve raised his gun, pulled the trigger, and took a chunk of upholstery out of the chair behind Tony’s left hip.
Steve rolled his eyes and scooped Tony into his arms.
He had just caught up to the fork in the corridor where Steve had stopped, and Steve divided his attention between checking each direction for signs of Clint, Natasha, or Zemo and checking the rate of Tony’s breathing. They’d gotten caught by a wall of gas on the floor below, and based on the tightness in Steve’s own chest, he had to believe that Tony was feeling the effects more heavily than he was showing.
“Test subject Steve Rogers exhibited remarkable results,” the paragraph announced, the letters pressed tightly together as if under stress, “However, after destruction of the remaining materials in the HYDRA attack, Project Rebirth is officially D.O.A. All affiliated research has been classified permanently to protect the identity and unrepeatability of the Captain America initiative.”
Tony shifted his coffees around so he could take another sip. "I mean, like, missing commas or the bibliography in the wrong format. Maybe a
It was as much of a surprise to Tony as anyone else, but he found he could accept help more easily from this weird team of people who were making a mess of his kitchen and using his ten-thousand-dollar dining table for beer pong than he could from the woman he had loved for years, who was already exhausting herself trying to take care of his chaotic professional habits without having to clean up his personal messes as well. He suspected that Pepper sensed this – that she had probably been the one to tell the Avengers about Tony’s episode in the first place. He knew they needed to talk about what it meant. But Tony hadn’t been brave enough to start that conversation when he knew too well how it was likely to end.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Steve replied, adding an eye roll that he knew Tony would hear in his voice.
“Merry Christmas, Tony,” Steve said sadly.
“Thanks for being sloppy with punctuation, Dad,” he muttered as he reread the paragraph, inserting the missing periods.
Steve's brow wrinkles, and Tony keeps up his patter, soothes him. "Easy Steve, remember, you're safe, it's open, you can be honest. Relax, let it out. You'll feel better once you get it off your chest, and you already feel so good, so safe and warm and soft..."
"You're incorrigible," Steve tells him, but he still holds the door open for him, so he figures he's not really in any trouble.
Tony shakes his head. "No, just somewhere you feel comfortable. I left uh... I guess you could think about it like a backdoor in your head, to take you back to trance without the tablet, speed things up."
A response pops up right away- Steve must have been waiting for Tony's answer. Maybe he's excited too? Tony bites his lower lip. "Whenever, Tony, my schedule is open. But I know you're a busy guy ;)"
Yup. Tony's gonna die. But at least it'll be nice.
Tony wiggles his eyebrows. "Is that a fact?"
"Five," Steve repeats, and he sighs shakily.
"Yeah, Cap, you went right under with a little help from yours truly," Tony says with a smile, and Steve blushes, ducks his head. That's... interesting.
"I think maybe you just want to see me earlier in the day. ;) But five works for me. Meet you in the lobby?" Steve is flirting. That's definitely flirting. Right? Tony's going to give himself a heart attack by lunch, forget dinner.
"Don't worry about it. Hey, I owe you dinner now. Let me know when you wanna cash in," he says, and Steve offers a smile.
"Okay Steve, when you hear the word..." Tony wracks his brain to think of something he would never say by mistake, or in passing, "When you hear me say Casablanca, you'll come right back to how you feel now. Understand?"
"That's it, Cap... Watch the spiral, see the soothing colors swirl and draw you in," Tony starts, and Steve laughs a little.
"And one, sleep."
"Five, and you're so relaxed, no worries, your eyes feeling heavier, your body warm and languid."
"I always try to look my best around you."
Tony smiles and resists a laugh- if it was a matter of determination, Steve could level Mt. Everest with a solid glare. He thinks he'll benefit from this now.
After a while they both finish and even Steve, with his super soldier appetite, is patting his stomach. "Wow. That was a lot. And very delicious," he says, giving Tony a wide, genuine smile, "Thank you Tony. This was really nice. I'm sorry I ever even hinted that you might back out."
"Go 'head," Steve says.
"We're going to give you a special word to take you back here then, okay? You're safe with me," he says, soothing, and what little tension Steve had picked back up seems to run out of him.
Steve bites his lip, looks up at Tony hopefully. "If that's okay. Do we have to go back to the lab?"
"O-only... Only here..."
They've managed to mostly avoid each other for a couple of days, really only bumping into each other by the kitchen, then, finally, Steve texts Tony- "How does tonight work for you?"
Tony's heart breaks and he feels guilty, but he swallows hard. He needs to know. What if something is wrong? What if Steve is sick, somehow?
He clears his throat and Steve flushes. "Uh. Sorry. It's really, really good. You want a piece?" he asks, immediately going to cut some for Tony. He waves him off.
He keeps rubbing Steve's hands, "Easy Steve, it's alright... breathe... soft and slow, so deep for me... What is it that you haven't told me? Why haven't you told me?"
"Yeah," he replies, almost like he's talking in his sleep.
Tony goes back to his work, humming "As Time Goes By" to himself. There's always dinner.
The door closes behind him and Tony leans back against the wall, wondering how long Steve will wait before he comes back to him.
Tony smiles, laughs. "Wouldn't have been the first time I'd forgotten a dinner. But I'm trying to be better, more attentive in my old age. You want dessert?"
Almost.
"Fair," he says, "Totally fair."
This is not one of those times.
Steve sighs, long suffering, and sits down on Tony's padded work bench. "Fine. But you owe me lunch for this."
Steve looks up and there's anger in every line of his face. "No, you shouldn't have," he says sharply, "Fuck, Tony, I'm not a toy or a puzzle for you to play around with or crack open."
Tony offers a smile, drops Steve's hands, stands up straight. "Sure, Cap. Any time. You let me know if you want to do it again."
"You alright?" Tony asks, and he can do this- can try to offer compassion to a friend of his, even if feelings give him hives.
"Steve," Tony says softly, and his eyelids flutter, like he's trying to pay attention, and Tony goes back to stroking his hands, soothing him, "Easy, shhh, easy... You're safe here. No more talking about that. You feel good, don't you? Relaxed?"
They drive to the restaurant together in companionable silence, just a bit of tension there, but nothing unbearable. Tony looks over at Steve at a red light and catches Steve doing the same and they both laugh and look away like teenagers.
Steve nods, eyes following the spiral, dazed. Tony swallows hard.
"T-three," Steve repeats, and Tony sees his eyes flutter, like it's a struggle to keep them open, and his face is slack, open.
Steve shifts on his feet, looks down at the floor. "It helped, like you said it would. I felt calm and relaxed for the rest of the night. Slept well and everything," he says shyly, and it sounds a little like it's costing him something to admit all this. Tony holds his breath, gets a handle on his budding excitement. "I'm sorry I treated it like a joke at first, Tony. I think you're right, that it could- it could really help people. And yes, also I... I liked it, yes."
Tony smiles. "Well we can do it again, sure. Now?"
He laughs, not meanly, but Steve still winces, colors darkly with embarrassment and shit, Tony didn't mean for that to happen at all. "No Steve, it's fine- please don't- don't think i'm being mean. I'm just- I was surprised, that's all. So you really liked it?"
"Good, Steve, that's good. We're going to take you down deeper, to a soft, quiet place where you want to listen to me, to make it easier for you to come back here, make it feel even better. So relaxed for me, right? You remember the spiral, don't you Steve?"
"Think about the spiral, Steve, picture it in your mind. Like a soft, swirling vortex, pulling you deep into its center. In the center, it's so quiet and peaceful. There's no thoughts or discomfort... Just sweet, soft contentment, soothing peace... You can feel it pulling you deeper and deeper... And the deeper you go, the quieter it is, until all there is is my voice. No thoughts clouding things up, no resistance... Just easy, pliant, pliable...  It's so easy to listen to me in the quiet, so easy to obey my voice when it's the only sound... You want to listen to me, don't you? You want to keep feeling good, here in the quiet with me?"
Steve flushes dark to the tips of his ears and the maitre'd tells them their table is ready, escorts them over. "Enjoy your meal, gentlemen."
Steve shudders, and Tony is terrified for a second that he's going to wake up, but he goes limp, like he's accepted everything. Tony grins, relieved, victorious.
Steve looks down at the carpet. He's still kind of angry, but he looks... contemplative. "Maybe..." he says, slowly, "Maybe you didn't. If we talk this over."
"And you want to keep feeling nice?" Tony asks.
He nods again, shifts a little.
"No no, I'm good with my steak. Besides, if you like it that much, I wouldn't want to deprive you." Steve smiles, warm and a little shy, and goes back to his plate with gusto.
"Sounds good. Wear something nice, gramps."
"Good, that's good. You like the way you feel?"
Tony walks around to the front, just to look at him. He looks so soft and small like this, most of the presence Steve carries with him smoothed away by the trance. He looks... vulnerable. Human. Tony squats in front of him, takes his hands in his.
"And you won't remember. This is only in the quiet place, Steve, not when you're awake. Only here."
Tony offers him a reassuring smile, and the doors open. Steve goes to sit down on the couch and Tony stands behind him, warm gentle hands on his shoulders, just like the other night.
"Can you hear me?" he asks softly, and Steve nods. It's almost spooky- his eyes are closed, his breathing is even.
Steve shifts again, looking faintly uneasy, but mostly anticipatory. "Well we could... we could go up to my apartment then I guess. The couch you put in there is nice," he says, and Tony nods.
"Focus for me, Steve, that's it, watch the spiral go around and around, dragging you down with it, down into that peacefulness, you can feel it building, the deeper you follow, the more it fills you, good, very good..."
Steve's face smooths back out and he sighs, nods. "Yes... There's something I haven't told you..." he says slowly, and Tony feels white hot anger flare up in him. He thought Steve trusted him now, thought they were friends- thought maybe they could be more.
"Well um. I was just thinking, and y'know, I mean, you don't have to, but I was wondering, if maybe you might," he takes a little breath, steels himself, "if you might wanna... run that experiment on me again," he says, and it takes Tony a second to figure out what he means.
A response pops up right away- Steve must have been waiting for Tony's answer. Maybe he's excited too? Tony bites his lower lip. "Whenever, Tony, my schedule is open. But I know you're a busy guy ;)"
"Okay. I agree. Yes, definitely."
Tony is late- only a few minutes, and he got distracted, it could have been worse, he'd forgotten entire evenings out in the past- and he exits the elevator to see Steve fixing his cuffs in a black sport coat, a neat white shirt with the top three buttons open, show a tantalizing flash of chest and throat, and well fitted burgundy slacks, his hair slicked back. Tony feels his mouth go dry.
Tony smiles, laughs. "Wouldn't have been the first time I'd forgotten a dinner. But I'm trying to be better, more attentive in my old age. You want dessert?"
Steve shifts uneasily, but Tony's pretty sure he's convinced him- if it's for "the greater good", Steve is just about always a sure thing.
"I... I need to..."
"Well... Just saying. If we get to the point where I trust you with that again... How'd you like to be the wicked witch and the hero who wakes the princess?"
Images like Steve staring into the spiral so deep and so long he never comes up... Steve on his knees for Tony, eyes glassy, those pretty pink lips parted...
They're chatting as they sip their drinks and eat their appetizers, salad for Steve, charred shishito peppers for Tony, just casual back and forth; the team, the weather, sports- Steve is a rabid baseball fan, to Tony's amusement- then they order dinner, and when the food comes, even the easy back and forth largely dies off as they both dig in. When Steve puts the first bite of mutton in his mouth, he groans softly and his eyes slide shut and wow if that doesn't go straight to Tony's dick.
He walks over to the elevator, hit the call button. "Well, I'll let you enjoy the afterglow. G'night Steve."
He goes in for the kill.
"Steve, can you hear me?" he asks gently, and Steve stirs, just a little.
"Steve I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have done that."
This is almost definitely a date.
"I think maybe you just want to see me earlier in the day. ;) But five works for me. Meet you in the lobby?" Steve is flirting. That's definitely flirting. Right? Tony's going to give himself a heart attack by lunch, forget dinner.
Smiles.
"You feel good, like you did the other night?"
Tony laughs. "Mmhmm. We'll see."
"Okay, Steve, we'll count to five together now, up from zero where it's safe and quiet, back to being awake and aware. Zero, still so deep in the spiral, dark, quiet, but waking up some. One, starting to come up, back to the waking world with me. Two, feeling the sleepiness leave you, feeling your thought come back. Three, more than halfway now, almost up for me, four, back with me, blinking, shaking this off, and five, awake, aware, back with me."
"How could I forget about you, Red, White and Beautiful?" Tony shoots back, and the light blush that stains Steve's cheeks is deeply gratifying, makes Tony feel a little less like jumping out of his skin. Still got it, Stark.
Tony walks around to the front, just to look at him. He looks so soft and small like this, most of the presence Steve carries with him smoothed away by the trance. He looks... vulnerable. Human. Tony squats in front of him, takes his hands in his.
Tony resists pumping his fist in victory. "Just sit down, get comfortable and watch the screen. I've designed it so it should take you in with little effort on your part, as long as you're not actively fighting against it."
"Sounds good. Wear something nice, gramps."
"Just letting you know... Natasha found out I saw Snow White and Fantasia before the war and liked them, so she made me watch the rest of the Disney movies with her," Steve says, and Tony cocks his head, trying to figure out what the hell that has to do with anything.
"Shhh, sweetheart," he says, and he settles Steve's hands in his lap, goes back behind him to rub at his shoulders like the first time, reinforcing the connection between touch and safety, between the both of those and trance, "You can tell me. Everything is safe here. You can say anything, and it'll be okay, I promise. All safe and easy..."
Steve's brow wrinkles, and Tony keeps up his patter, soothes him. "Easy Steve, remember, you're safe, it's open, you can be honest. Relax, let it out. You'll feel better once you get it off your chest, and you already feel so good, so safe and warm and soft..."
"Are you embarrassed, Steve?"
"Yeah," he breathes, and Tony swears he smiles a little, "Good... Safe..."
It takes Tony a minute to go back to eating.
He takes a shaky breath, nods. "Yeah... Yeah okay. Go for it."
He hums "Once Upon a Dream" for the rest of the week.
"Sure," Tony says easily, and he leaves enough cash on the table for most of the staff to be able to go on vacation, "Your chariot awaits."
He turns to look at Tony behind him and seems surprised that he's there. "Did it work? I feel... pretty good," he says, and he's definitely surprised about that.
"You feel good, like you did the other night?"
Tony was working in his lab, music cranking, sparks flying, just the way he liked it when someone entered. He'd told FRIDAY to autolower the volume when someone came in so he was tipped off before someone stood around waiting for him to realize they were there- which had the dual bonus of having him be able to avoid being startled, and seem more considerate. Double points. He turned away from his project and smiled when he saw Cap standing there, fiddling with assorted scraps and half finished projects on the bench further from Tony, clearly not expecting to be paid attention to right away. Tony watched him; he looked... tired. Not physically necessarily, no bags under those baby blues, but the way he was holding himself, the quiet sadness in his face when he thought no one was looking that Tony had caught more than once. After a minute, Tony cleared his throat, waved. "Hey Cap," he says, voice friendly, easy. They'd patched things up some, worked out their differences by and large... He and Bucky were never going to be friends, and frankly, he was less than comfortable sharing space with him, but Tony could be cordial. His mother would be proud- the chilly politeness of a society girl. And he and Steve... They were alright. They danced around each other some, but friendly, now. Especially for two people that had tried to murder each other.
It's wrong that Tony thinks it's hot. Whatever. He'll shame himself later; he's only doing what Steve asked.
"Alright, now get out," Steve says, pushing at his shoulder, gesturing towards the elevator, and it's like someone poured a bucket of cold water on Tony. He blinks at Steve, trying to figure out what he's done in the last ten seconds to fuck this up when he was so overjoyed that he hadn't, and Steve takes pity on him.
"How could I forget about you, Red, White and Beautiful?" Tony shoots back, and the light blush that stains Steve's cheeks is deeply gratifying, makes Tony feel a little less like jumping out of his skin. Still got it, Stark.
Tony wiggles his eyebrows. "Is that a fact?"
The little tension that Steve was holding onto bleeds off, and he makes a soft, broken noise, almost like a sob. "I... I have feelings for you... just... just didn't want to say anything... would rather just be friends... than lose you..." he confesses, the words dragged out of him, and Tony thinks he might faint. Oh fuck, Steve has feelings for him, that's amazing. Oh fuck, he just pulled a confession out of him like a torture technician. He's a bastard.
He watches Steve watch the spiral diligently, brow furrowed, but he doesn't seem to be relaxing at all. Maybe a little, just at the edges, but not much. Tony finds himself getting up, and he comes to stand behind him, placing his hands gently on Steve's shoulders. Steve starts and turns to look at him, but Tony just smiles. "It can be easier with someone to guide you. I usually have FRI help me, but I know you're not always comfortable with that, so I thought I would offer," he says, and Steve seems to relax slightly.
Steve puts his face in his hands. "I'm so embarrassed. Christ," he says, voice muffled by his palms, so Tony can't quite tell his tone. He comes around the couch and risks a hand on Steve's shoulder, squeezes gently.
"I'm going to snap my fingers one the count of three, and you're going to wake up. Okay? Ready? One, two, three," Tony says, and he snaps, a loud click of his fingers, and Steve is blinking owlishly, awake and aware like nothing happened.
"Jeeze Tony, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to make fun if it's something serious. I thought it was something you were just messing around with... y'know, as a gag," Steve says, and he's so contrite Tony almost feels bad.
"I need to relax... This is the only way I can... And I won't... won't remember..."
"Steve, can you hear me?" he asks gently, and Steve stirs, just a little.
"Two, almost there, so deep for me, Steve, so relaxed, you can feel it pulling you, irresistible, you can barely keep your eyes open now, they're so heavy, your body is so soft and tired..."
"Second... This can't affect the team. If we try this, and it doesn't work out, we need to be okay with each other. Okay?"
Steve shifts on his feet, looks down at the floor. "It helped, like you said it would. I felt calm and relaxed for the rest of the night. Slept well and everything," he says shyly, and it sounds a little like it's costing him something to admit all this. Tony is strangely touched Steve is telling him. "I'm sorry I treated it like a joke at first, Tony. I think you're right, that it could- it could really help people. And yes, also I... I liked it, yes."
Steve looks like he might be struggling, just a little, at first, and then he stops, and his face smooths out, serene, blank. "Yes... Want to listen..." he murmurs, and his head sways a little.
It's probably wrong that Tony thinks it's a little hot. Whatever. He'll shame himself later.
Tony smiles at his phone in the lab, then blushes and he's glad he's alone. Is this a date? It feels like it might kinda be a date. Shit. Where's he gonna take Steve? Is that gonna affect how things go? His brain starts spinning out on him, then he gets a hold of himself. Maybe he should answer the damn text before he has a full blown anxiety attack.
"You want to feel like this again, Steve. You need to."
"Trouble?" Steve asked.
"I have it on good authority that the main difference lies in our reproductive organs," Steve says.
kayytx asked:
Steve grinned, his chest feeling light.
Steve laughs and dips lower, nipping at Tony’s neck. He smiles at the way Tony relaxes in his arms and tilts his head for better access.
"You knew?" Steve asks, once again taking in the view.
kayytx asked:
, Natasha thinks.
the kid,” he continues.
"Just what?" Tony asks, still grinning at the maniac in front of him.
Steve walks into the kitchen, a pep in his step from a great night and a relaxing run, and skids to a halt at the scene he’s walked in on.
Tony stared at him in disbelief for a long moment. “You know, there’s a nice secluded bench up on a hill on the other end of the park. Can’t really see it unless you know it’s there and are looking for it.” Tony said, never breaking eye contact.
“Well,” Tony says, “Captain America certainly is the belle of the ball tonight, huh?”
Before Tony can turn around on his own, strong hands are pushing at his shoulders, spinning him and shoving him up against the door. He barely has time to take a breath before Steve’s lips are against his, his tongue delving into Tony’s mouth.
“Mm. I suppose it is,” Steve replied. He looked sideways at Tony. “But I can’t say I regret the decision.”
"Rogers, I’ve got something down in the workshop I’d like to show you," he says, not looking up from his phone.
Tony gives him a cheeky smile and wave. “Hey, Steve!” He says proudly from where he’s currently lying prone on the ground.
Steve beams at the reporter with a completely genuine smile. Even though he’s been asked this question dozens of times that day, the thought of his teammates, the thought of his home, makes him happy.
“Then
damiwayne asked:
Bucky stood straight and saluted him, “Aye, aye, Captain!”
"You’re not positioning your legs correctly, you know. You’re overbalancing with your torso."
"I wasn’t just ‘pretty good,’ Tony. I was damned good. Still am. You’d be able to learn a few things from me."
Steve sighs and Tony must take it as permission to continue because that’s exactly what he does.
“Hey, I did not invite you here, into my home, just to be insulted,” Tony says, faux-offended. He reaches up to swat Steve’s hand away but ends up holding onto it instead. Tony’s skin is warm against his.
Tony laughs.
The cell door slams shut, echoing down the hall. It’s the middle of the night and the small town jail is practically deserted. Tony stands in the middle of the room, taking in his surroundings, and wondering just how the hell they managed to end up here.
“For that matter, how would a car be worthy in the first place–”
“Were you cryogenically frozen for the past decade, Han Solo? He’s a billionaire,” Bucky said.
Steve furrows his eyebrows. He doesn’t know what the answer could possibly be that would turn Tony this serious.
“Aw, Tony,” Steve replies and reaches out to pull Tony close to him. Steve instinctively puts his hands on Tony’s waist and eventually Tony’s hands settle on his shoulders. The music shifts into something slow and they sway back and forth like a couple of awkward teenagers at prom. “I’m always going to need you,” Steve says.
"So, Steve, I was thinking—"
This time it was Steve that gave Tony the odd look. “It’s just hair. It grows back.”
Steve bends over, placing his hands on the arms of the chair, bracketing Tony where he sits. He leans in close enough that his nose is almost brushing Tony’s.
Tony pulls at Steve’s shoulder and Steve turns easily, tears streaming down his face. He sniffles and tries to stop laughing, trying to tell Tony something, but it just seems to spur him on. It’s enough that Tony’s own smile at watching Steve is almost painful.
"Fuck. I knew you looked too old to still be in High School."
Steve waves from the couch. "Sure, Tony, make it sound perverse. G'night."
Steve rolls his eyes, but he doesn't complain any more, and when the waiter comes to check on them, he orders an appetizer and a drink- Tony's glad he took him to heart. He does the same and their cocktails come quick and cold, just how he likes them. He loves this place.
They head back together, and stand a little awkwardly in the lobby, neither of them quite sure what to say. Finally, Tony starts to say, "Would you want to-" just as Steve says, "Hey Tony, d'you think-" They both stop and blink at each other, then laugh.
Steve cuts him off. "Talking like that doesn't help. Just be better." Tony nods again, chastised.
This is almost definitely a date.
"Stay in this deep, warm, safe place with me," Tony says, rubbing his thumbs over the backs of Steve's hands. Steve nods and sighs, content. "You know you're safe here, safe with me. Is there anything you want to tell me, Steve? Anything you're hiding?"
"Yeah," he replies, almost like he's talking in his sleep.
They're almost up there when Steve breaks the dense quiet. "Hey Tony, this backdoor thing... to put me back like that. It only works for you, right?"
Tony offers him a reassuring smile, and the doors open. Steve goes to sit down on the couch and Tony stands behind him, warm gentle hands on his shoulders, just like the other night.
Tony feels arousal curl tight and hot in his belly. "You want to feel like this again. It's the most relaxing thing. You feel so good and soft here. It's the only way you can relax properly, here in the trance with me. And you want to listen to me when you're in trance. It's only fair to listen to the person who makes you feel so good, isn't it?"
"Casablanca," Tony says softly, and Steve has a second to blink before it drags him under like a wave, his eyes sliding shut and his body slumping forward, a puppet with its strings cut.
Steve sighs, nods.
"Sure, what time were you thinking?" There. See? Easy.
"Three, four times as deep as when we started, so tired, so relaxed, so soft for me, Steve. You can feel yourself sliding downward..."
Tony has a dark flash of insecurity, thinking back to Bucky and the fight that had nearly torn the Avengers apart completely and he thinks well... What harm can a question do? It's not like Steve will remember, anyway. Maybe his impulse control isn't the best after the lack of sleep, but he should be fine. It'll be fine.
Tony rubs gently at Steve's shoulders and feels him relax even more at the touch- very promising, he would have to write that down- and then he starts speaking again, still rubbing.
Tony could bristle, get angry, kick Cap out... Or he could lean into it. "Actually, I'm looking into it as a treatment for anxiety and PTSD- you might know that as shell shock," he replies, and Cap stiffens slightly.
"Now I'm going to wake you up, Steve, and you're going to feel refreshed and relaxed. Nice and easy, okay?"
"You're incorrigible," Steve tells him, but he still holds the door open for him, so he figures he's not really in any trouble.
They're chatting as they sip their drinks and eat their appetizers, salad for Steve, charred shishito peppers for Tony, just casual back and forth; the team, the weather, sports- Steve is a rabid baseball fan, to Tony's amusement- then they order dinner, and when the food comes, even the easy back and forth largely dies off as they both dig in. When Steve puts the first bite of mutton in his mouth, he groans softly and his eyes slide shut and wow if that doesn't go straight to Tony's dick.
Steve's face smooths back out and he sighs, nods. "Yes... There's something I haven't told you..." he says slowly, and though fear and anger flare up in Tony, he gets a hold of it, forces it down. He and Steve are friends now, much closer than they had been back when that whole mess had happened. He'll just... convince Steve to tell him, coax it out of him, and they can talk about it from there, if necessary.
They head back together, and stand a little awkwardly in the lobby, neither of them quite sure what to say. Finally, Tony starts to say, "Would you want to-" just as Steve says, "Hey Tony, d'you think-" They both stop and blink at each other, then laugh.
"How do you feel, Steve?"
He clears his throat and Steve flushes. "Uh. Sorry. It's really, really good. You want a piece?" he asks, immediately going to cut some for Tony. He waves him off.
"Yes... can't relax without it..."
A wink emoji? Tony is going to die. Maybe Steve doesn't know what that means? No, he definitely does- despite all Tony's jokes, Steve is frustratingly tech literate for a centenarian.
"Well, if you don't want to do it, you don't have to. I just thought it might help, that's all."
Steve sighs, grumbling to himself, something about "Better not welch, billionaire," and Tony laughs, goes back to work- but his attention is on Steve.
"Cap, if it works, I'll take you out to dinner. Anywhere you wanna go."
He hasn't slept in two days, because every time he closes his eyes, he sees Steve's sweet, slack face and he
"Very good. So good for me. Now, easy, we're going to wake you up, nice and slowly, leaving this behind, locked away. Are you ready?"
Tony parks and it's a pretty great spot- probably nabbed it right after someone left work, maybe this 5 o'clock dinner thing isn't so bad after all- and he holds the door for Steve going into Keens. Steve nods his head in thanks, and Tony gets to look at his ass in those damn burgundy pants. Win-win.
They drive to the restaurant together in companionable silence, just a bit of tension there, but nothing unbearable. Tony looks over at Steve at a red light and catches Steve doing the same and they both laugh and look away like teenagers.
"Sure, what time were you thinking?" There. See? Easy.
Steve cuts in. "Hypnosis? You? You gonna try and make a supervillain bawk like a chicken with a hypno-beam in your suit?"
"So where were we? Oh yeah- You were looking deep into the center of the spiral for me. Following the swirl down down down into the center, pulling you in, irresistible, like the tides, soft, soothing... Wearing away at you. You're so tense, Steve, but you can feel yourself loosening up, feel all the tension and tightness bleeding off as the spiral draws you down, down to where your mind is quiet and it's safe to let go and relax..." He pauses and looks down at Steve, and his eyes have started to go glassy, his mouth has dropped open, just a little, relaxed from the tight way he held it so much of the time, and his shoulders, usually upright in that military posture, were relaxed under Tony's hands. But even in the short pause, he could feel Steve starting to stir, so he went back to his patter, hoping to take him the rest of the way down.
Steve's eyes widen at the prices on the menu and Tony immediately shushes him before he can even protest. "You did me a favor, I'm spoiling you a little. Be glad I didn't drag you to Le Bernardin. And don't go trying to pinch pennies on me, order anything you think sounds good- that's an order, soldier."
Steve rolls his eyes, but he doesn't complain any more, and when the waiter comes to check on them, he orders an appetizer and a drink- Tony's glad he took him to heart. He does the same and their cocktails come quick and cold, just how he likes them. He loves this place.
Steve pulls back slowly and he's smiling like the cat who got the canary. Tony raises a hand to his lips and touches them gently like he's trying to make sure that really just happened. Steve laughs at him gently, and it doesn't bother Tony one bit.
Tony snaps to attention. "Yes, anything. Talking, talking is great, I love talking."
That's when Tony gets an idea. Maybe he can help Cap feel better- and test his new interest at the same time. "No, I'm sorry, I'm a little edgy. It's just something I've been researching is all-"
Another nod, and what seems to be unease- Tony had better take him deeper quickly.
"Well um. I was just thinking, and y'know, I mean, you don't have to, but I was wondering, if maybe you might," he takes a little breath, steels himself, "if you might wanna... run that experiment on me again," he says, and it takes Tony a second to figure out what he means.
Tony parks and it's a pretty great spot- probably nabbed it right after someone left work, maybe this 5 o'clock dinner thing isn't so bad after all- and he holds the door for Steve going into Keens. Steve nods his head in thanks, and Tony gets to look at his ass in those damn burgundy pants. Win-win.
It takes Tony a minute to go back to eating.
Tony soothes him right away. "Oh yes of course. Only when I say the word, Steve, no one else is getting to short circuit you all of the sudden."
Steve looks around at the dark wood, the historical tidbits around the lobby. "Wow, Tony, this place is really nice... We could have just gotten a burger or something, you know I'm easy."
"Casablanca," Tony says softly, and Steve has a second to blink before it drags him under like a wave, his eyes sliding shut and his body slumping forward, a puppet with its strings cut.
He nods again. "Why?" Tony asks, and he goes back to rubbing at Steve's shoulders- that seemed to have helped put him under, maybe it would help him stay there.
"Go 'head," Steve says.
Steve stretches and stands. "Well... thanks for helping me relax I guess. I don't want to take up too much of your time, since you're working," he says, and if Tony's a little disappointed at the brush off he keeps it to himself.
Some of the tension in Steve's shoulders lets go, and he huffs out a sigh. "Oh, okay. As long as it's you. I don't mind so much then."
He nods again, and looks almost wistful, like he doesn't want to wake up. Maybe Tony is imagining things- projecting. He likes seeing Steve relaxed like this.
"Yeah... Safe with you... Trust you," Steve says softly, and Tony stops dead, almost feels guilty for using Steve like this. But he's helping him, he rationalizes- he's never seen Steve relaxed, not in all the years he's known him.
"Four, twice as deep now, safe and warm, soft, following the spiral deeper and deeper.."
Tony smiles. "Well we can do it again, sure. Now?"
Steve looks up, smiles at Tony weakly. "Hey yourself," he says- and that's when Tony figures it out- Steve came in here because he's lonely. Nat and Bucky were out on a mission doing whatever really hot Russian ex-murder spies did, Clint is off on some SHIELD opp, strictly need to know shit, Bruce is cleansing his soul at some Doctors Without Borders outpost while there's no impending doom for the Earth, or at least Manhattan, on the menu, Wanda is training with Strange, Sam was back in DC working at the VA, and that just leaves... Them. And the Tower could feel real cavernous when there were this few people in it. At least Tony had his lab to keep him occupied, Rhodey or Pepper if they were free, FRIDAY to chat with, tweak code on. What did Steve have? Graves to visit? Parks to sketch sadly while he sips a coffee? Fuck that was depressing.
And with that he scurries out of the lab like something's chasing him. Huh. Interesting.
"No, I insist," Tony says, and Steve blushes again- Tony thinks maybe he could get used to seeing that, causing it.
Wonders what he'll do if he does, when he does.
Steve shakes his head. "Maybe back to the Tower?"
Steve blushes, laughs. "Well we'll see. It's still kind of weird y'know."
He keeps rubbing Steve's shoulders until his breathing evens back out after what he's said. He has to fix this. He thinks he can. He hopes he can. "Easy, sweetheart, easy," he soothes, and Steve seems to respond positively to the affection, going looser under his hands, "It's okay, that was good. We're going to wake you up now, nice and slow... I want you to remember what happened, remember what you told me... it's okay, we'll just talk, I want to talk to you, okay? So I'm going to bring you up now. Ready? One... Two..." Tony snaps, and Steve blinks awake under his hands, tension running through him like a live wire.
Steve blinks and shakes his head, clearing the remaining cobwebs. "Wow, Tony... Mmm, I feel much better. Thank you."
Tony figures that's a good a sign as any to take him deeper. "Okay, Steve, we're going to count down together, down from 5, and with every number you're going to fall deeper and deeper into this soft, relaxed feeling until we get to one, and then your eyes will shut and you'll sleep for me. Understand?"
Steve shifts again, looking faintly uneasy, but mostly anticipatory. "Well we could... we could go up to my apartment then I guess. The couch you put in there is nice," he says, and Tony nods.
"I always try to look my best around you."
"Yeah," he breathes, and Tony swears he smiles a little, "Good... Safe..."
Tony has a dark flash of insecurity, thinking back to Bucky and the fight that had nearly torn the Avengers apart completely and he thinks well... What harm can a question do? It's not like Steve will remember, anyway.
He swallows hard and shakes his head, trying to clear it again.
Steve laughs at him, and a lot of the darkness leaves his face, the burden on his shoulders lightens some. "Alright Stark, don't wet your pants. If we try this, and that's a big fucking if right now, there have got to be ground rules, understand?"
Those dark fantasies Tony had ignored during his initial research? They're all through his thoughts, pushing aside other, useful, less perverse thoughts about his friend, because Steve is his FRIEND, he reminds himself, sometimes viciously, trying to push back the onslaught of images in his head.
They manage to mostly avoid each other for a couple of days, really only bumping into each other by the kitchen, then Steve texts Tony- "How does tonight work for you?"
Steve goes back to looking at what's on the table at the question, grimacing slightly. "I'm fine, y'know, just thought I'd maybe see what you were up to, ask if you wanted to.. I dunno. Get lunch maybe, show me some cultural touchstone that it's clearly a sin against God that I've missed," he answers, bouncing back from his discomfort with banter. Ah, that was good at least. Tony could maybe work with that- maybe they could watch... He didn't know, maybe Top Gun? That was a homoerotic classic that wouldn't be awkward at all. Nope.
Steve looks as though he might cry, briefly, but then he smooths out again, the sadness in his voice the only giveaway for his turmoil. "Don't... Don't wanna hurt the team... Everything's so good now... Don't wanna be selfish..."
“Sorry. Couldn’t help it. I find myself incredibly attracted to you despite your hair.”
How about the cooking cliché? Cooking and sexual tension don't go well together. Do with that what you will! ;)
Tony’s own eyebrows go up and he clears his throat.
Steve struggles, half-debating making a joke of them and trying to brush them off. Or, maybe if he asks Tony, they can just forget about the whole thing and pretend it didn’t happen. But Steve’s not a coward. He straightens his back and meets Tony’s gaze unflinchingly. Faltering only once, he lifts his hand up and cups Tony’s cheek gently, stroking his thumb along the soft skin before dropping it back down to his lap.
"You were so distracted by the idea of going out on a date with me, that you forgot to catch your shield?"
“What if I carried Thor while he was still holding it?” Tony asked as he walked into the room.
Steve hesitates, craning his neck to look over his back at where Tony is positioned between his legs. A crease forms between his brows, worried.
And that’s when a reporter clears his throat awkwardly and Steve realizes how it must seem to them, the way they’re touching and looking at each other. He feels his eyes widen because he knows it looks like exactly what it is, that Captain America and Iron Man are in love. With each other. And while they haven’t really said they aren’t going to tell the public yet, they haven’t said that they are, and now Steve doesn’t know what to do.
Steve resists the urge to bounce on his toes like a little kid under Tony’s scrutiny.
“Steve!” Tony interrupted. “Is anyone else concerned that I’m the one telling Steve he needs to focus?”
rachel. rachelll. Steve coming back from a run and thinking he'll make Tony breakfast in bed only to run into Tony in the kitchen making Steve breakfast for when he gets back from his run
"Then keep working on it," Steve says, backing up to make the leap.
"Now, Mr. Stone. Tony and I both appreciate the role you had in his past," he says as he takes a step forward, crowding Tiberius. "But I’m afraid that’s where you should remain. I’m going to speak for both of us when I say, outside of civil pleasantries, there is and will be no room for you in Tony’s future. It’s all full up, I’m afraid."
"Steve, can I talk to you for a moment?"
A string of garbled gibberish falls from Clint’s mouth, along with a small marshmallow. Steve looks over at him to see Clint staring back, inquisitive.
Steve would later tell him that he could pinpoint that as the exact moment he realized he was in love with Tony Stark.
He knows he shouldn’t have isolated himself at the end of the bar, tucked into the corner of the room. That’s just asking for trouble. Though, to be fair, trouble seems to have no problem finding Tony. Corner or not.
At first it was just because Tony was always on him about listening to ‘real’ music, and getting caught up. It’s helpful, Steve thinks. Tony certainly has his preferences, but overall he has a pretty wide range of music available and Steve would rather take a chance and randomly find a gem than ask for recommendations and get nine different opinions from seven different people. He learned his lesson the first time they tried to watch a movie together as a team.
Everyone on the team thinks it’s adorable that two full-grown men are exchanging the modern day equivalent of mixtapes. The gossip makes Steve pause and think for a moment, but ultimately he decides it’s just Tony being Tony and doesn’t put much more thought into it.
“So?” she asks.
“Would the car need to be worthy or just me?”
“Why’s that?” Steve asked.
Tony who is standing over him in bed, clutching a bunch of papers in front of the open drawer of Steve’s bedside table. The relief evaporates as quickly as it came, Steve’s stomach churning.
A trick that Tony still hasn’t mastered, judging by the way he lay face down on the stage, a deep chuckle coming from the bar. Tony righted himself and smiled over at Steve who lifted an eyebrow in return.
“Yeah, that’s fair,” Tony laughs then sighs. “The truth is, it’s obviously not that I don’t dance. It’s just… I didn’t want to dance with you.”
It’s almost anti-climactic, after how much Steve had built the concept up in his head. Like learning how to dance was some sort of Everest he would never be able to climb. But, surprising no one but himself, Steve picks it up fast.
Steve is half-heartedly sketching on the couch, the television tuned to some mindless action movie that he finds himself glancing at every once in a great while, mildly interested. His attention isn’t particularly grabbed by either activity but in a way this
The moment Steve got home, he went straight to his balcony. He’d always had an easier time thinking in fresh air but he had a hard time being out in public thee days. Someone always seemed to approach him for some reason or another, even in the middle of the night.
“That doesn’t help, Nat.”
The trip to Tony’s apartment was quiet and tense. The kind of tension that Tony related to life changing events.
“Although I suppose since Thor is holding it, it wouldn’t matter.”
steve/tony, university setting featuring prof!tony and student!steven :D
“She doesn’t care about your hair, then?” Tony asked.
What if (instead of finding it annoying as he does in so much fic) Steve actually LIKES Tony's music?
When Steve shoves a hand down Tony’s pants, he finds himself unwilling to ask further questions.
Steve warms all over and is about to answer that
?” Tony asked.
"It’s been far too long," says the smarmy voice over Tony’s shoulder, sending an unpleasant shiver down his spine.
"Just," Steve starts and then another laugh bubbles out of him.
Steve wakes up to the sound of steady beeping, the smell of antiseptic, and the feeling of a warm hand in his. He inhales deeply and lets out a long sigh.
been asked an appalling number of times, who his favorite Avenger is, Steve often says he could never pick, it would be like picking a favorite child. It’s mostly true. He appreciates each and every one of them and what they bring to the table.
Steve catches movement out of the corner of his eye. At the mention of his name, Tony, who is standing a few feet away giving his own interview, turns to smirk at him.
No one else seems to notice that the centerpiece on the coffee table is made up entirely of dildos. Tony, however, walks into the room, eyes immediately drawn to the new addition, and nearly chokes on his coffee. Bruce pats him on the back and gives him a concerned look that Tony quickly waves off, and shrugs before sitting down on the couch and setting his book down on the table. Right next to the dildo sculpture.
“What about me?”
Steve’s eyes darken, the crease disappearing. “Yeah?”
"Tiberius Stone," he says through his smile before narrowing his eyes at the obvious confusion written on Steve’s face.
He sets his glass down on the table and nods a goodbye to the both of them before slipping back into the crowd.
gibbsing-around asked:
"Alright, then. What are your thoughts on a second date?" Tony asks, eyes wide and guileless as he looks down at Steve.
"JARVIS?"
"Yeah." Tony softly caresses the mark with his thumb. "Is it permanent? I mean, with the serum?"
When Tony licks his way down Steve’s bare chest, Steve briefly thinks that he’ll have to remember to thank Clint later.
Tony gave him a curious look.
A murmuring of ‘
An unfortunate reminder comes by way of Clint’s favorite gossip channel.
"Now which piece of furniture should get the first honor?"
The rest of the Avengers send Tony and Steve to a couple's resort under the guise of it being an undercover mission but mostly to try and get them together.
This feels intimate.
Slight Age of Ultron spoilers. If you've seen the newest trailer, you'll be fine.
“Fair point.”
“I barely even know you and you’re giving me fashion advice,” Steve laughed.
“Pancake?” Steve asked.
Steve stops short in the doorway.
"Tony, I plan on fucking you through every single piece of furniture in this room. And maybe even a few that aren’t," Steve says, his voice low. "I’m just a little surprised you’re not offended that someone thought they could trick you."
2. He’s too close to the edge of the building.
Starting out as a stripper, he worked nights, spent mornings at the community college taking business classes (getting a few glances the times he didn’t manage to get all the glitter off of him), followed by a strict exercise routine at the rec center, and then he’d sleep away the rest of the day before starting it all over again.
"Don’t be silly, Tony—" He starts and then stops when Tony drops to his knees in front of him.
“Ah,” she says, like everything makes sense.
"Let’s go home," Tony whispers.
rachel can u write (if u want to) steve flirting with tony all the time like in the trailer and tony is just COMPLETELY OBLIVIOUS like it's ridiculous but at the end he realizes and MAKE OUTS AND STUFF!!!
Tony lifts an eyebrow, a smile spreading across his face.
Tony and Steve, in jail (for god knows what. Probably some stupid reason thanks to Tony), and Steve starts to have a panic attack cuz its his first time being in real trouble.
"These are all from before, then?" He asks, even though he suspects he knows the answer.
“I got you something,” Steve suddenly spoke up as they began to move again and he could see Tony stop and freeze in place. Steve really needed to stop talking and ruining the moment for the newly freed harpy. Steve knew Tony was probably going to leave soon so he thought he should at least have something that did not swallow his whole body or make it hard for Tony to move. Tony stayed where he was watching Steve carefully as Steve pulled out a fold-over vest for Tony to wear. He held it out for Tony to take and waited until Tony took it from his hands before he stepped away to let Tony examine it on his own.
” Bucky defended putting his hands up as Steve took a swift step forward, “he would not touch a crumb until I said it would make you unhappy. I tried to even get him to leave the tent and join our group hangouts but still he did not budge. I'm sorry Stevie but Tony gave me no other option.”
“Meet me by the back gate,” Tony whispered to Papa Rhodes before feigning an order for him to get the horses ready. The prince watched Tony wheel around towards him and it made Tony nervous. To have the prince’s eyes on him as he stomped his way back to the courtyard was exhilarating but also terrifying because Tony was dressing above his station in front of the prince himself.
All mistakes are my own!
had not a slither of it. That the man saw Steve as nothing more than a teammate that he used to work with. Their relationship never recovered like Steve would like but he hoped that Tony would be willing to give him a chance. Steve wasn't the same man as he was all those centuries ago but he would understand if Tony...if Tony wanted nothing to do with him.
The path back to town was a lot smoother. It seemed like the creatures and beasts learned their lesson from facing them the first time. Though some of them did find the guts to attack them but they took care of them easy enough.
This is a gift to myself for finishing my summer classes :D
"Hey," Steve spoke up softly as to not scare Tony, "We are going to make it and save your people. Each one of us wants to help you bring your people freedom and peace. Your family, they will come back to you. I promise."
Tony had successfully saved papa Rhodes. He could not wait until they were home and the Rhodes family was reunited once again.
The night was getting colder and nothing on this slab of concrete seemed to work so he just lay there, letting the cold in, wondering if fate had finally decided to catch up with him. He was lucky to have escaped it the first time.
Tony mumbles something against Steve’s stomach, the words intelligible but the tone makes clear just how bad the day was.
Tony makes a muffled noise of surprise followed by what sounds like a mumbled, “
Steve lets Tony sit in uncomfortable, ambiguous silence just for the fun of it.
It’s very distracting.
“Teach me,” he says.
Which, Steve supposed, is exactly what they were.
"Sorry, man. I thought you knew," he says.
“Would JARVIS count as a person or an object?” Steve asked.
Which is, of course, when Tony decides to walk into the room completely oblivious to the situation before him.
He’s actually not terrible, to his own surprise. He manages to avoid stepping on Tony’s feet and the only time he even comes close to stumbling is when he gets distracted. Maybe it’s because he’s so used to being eye-to-eye with Tony when he’s in the Iron Man suit. Or maybe it’s because he’s never been around Tony barefoot before. But when Steve notices it, it’s suddenly all he can think of. Tony is kind of short. Sure, it’s only a handful of inches and Tony isn’t really a small man all things considered, but he’s smaller than Steve.
Steve shrugs as much as he can. “Dunno. We’ll find out I guess.”
Or, at least, that is until The Avengers happen. Then he decided maybe it was time after all to stop drinking and to maybe not thrust himself in the spotlight quite as often. He finally grew up, what could he say? It only took him some forty odd years.
"What do you think?" Steve asks, eyes unusually intense. Tony’s mouth goes dry.
Tony nods, crossing his arms over his chest. “Well that’s… that’s good.”
Tony hummed for a second, looking off into the distance. He grinned suddenly. “Not sure about the tattoos yet, but maybe I’d get my tongue pierced.”
Steve watches as the screen in front of him populates with a myriad of files and folders, scanning for something interesting to start with. There’s one folder that catches his attention. An unusual one that doesn’t fit the naming convention of everything else collected from the SHIELD database. Curiosity piqued, he leans forward and gently taps on the icon.
Thor’s laughter rang out over the comms. Steve sent his shield flying, the sound of metal on metal telling him his aim was true.
Without the ability to lay blame—no alcohol, no exertion, no overly warm lights in the kitchen—Tony didn’t know
“Hey,” Steve said, thankful his voice didn’t break on the one syllable greeting.
Steve’s stunned. He doesn’t know what to do with that information. A small, petty part of him is tempted to ignore this new knowledge, as it’s not like Tony’s made any particular effort to befriend Steve outside of an occasional bit of small talk or technical jargon. But another part, a significantly larger part of Steve, yearns to get to know the intriguing, if sometimes brash, man better. Not only for the team’s sake, but because Steve does find him genuinely interesting. Tony is funny, charming, incredibly intelligent… And extremely attractive.
Tony grins, very pointedly sets the tablet down behind him, and spreads his legs wider.
"I’ll just bet you do," Natasha deadpans, which makes Tony look up and take stock in the room.
"Uh. Are you alright? Are you freaking out on me? I don’t have a paper bag for you to breathe into but, uh, if you want to talk, I’ve been there… After New—" He stops and takes in the curve of Steve’s cheek.
Steve stuck his tongue out, loving the way Tony’s eyes widened when he spotted the barbell. He pulled his tongue back in after a moment.
Anonymous asked:
Nevertheless, that was exactly what he did. Not that he’d admit that he had already been planning on introducing himself before Bucky had said anything. Steve walked up the wobbly bleachers and sat down a couple feet away from him. Nerves fluttered around his stomach once he got his first up-close look at Tony. He was probably the most attractive boy Steve had ever seen in person.
"That doesn’t mean I want to
"Mmm."
a stranger to teach him,” she adds.
Steve narrowed his eyes and stepped in closer, almost standing between Tony’s legs.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Tony Stark? Howard Stark’s son? Stark Industries?”
When Tony notices the change in the enrollment information at the beginning of the next class, he tells everyone to go out and enjoy the weather—Pepper is always telling him
"I don’t know if I believe it. You’re too… sweet."
"Can you display all the files related to the Super Soldier project and, well, any files directly related to me?"
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Despite my hair?”
Steve’s stomach does a flip as he straightens. Tony just asked him out on a date. Tony Stark just seriously asked him out on the date. No sarcasm, no jokes. A legitimate date.
"Now that was definitely unhygienic," Steve says but does as asked.
They got along well, Steve and Tony, for all their differences. Tony’s sarcasm and wit always seemed to bring a smile to Steve’s face, and Steve’s earnestness and charm made Tony warm all over. Not to mention, the man was an encyclopedia of dirty limericks that always had Tony laughing.
"It’s unbelievable, actually. Everyone—especially Tony—"
"This mission. There’s nothing going on around here that could be considered criminal," he says, picking up a menu from the table and setting it back down immediately. “Unless you count the prices.”
Tony swipes his tongue across his thumb and then rubs at the small, dark image on Steve’s rear. The skin reddens at the pressure, but the ink doesn’t smudge. The Iron Man helmet is as stark and prominent as it was a second before.
“What I want?” Steve asks. A grin breaks across his face. “What I want is for you to never take your hands off me.”
Natasha rolls her eyes.
Steve shakes his head and waves his hand. “Oh god, no. I was arrested plenty back when I was younger.” He laughs again. “Got into a lot of fights, you know?”
Tony’s eyebrows furrowed. “What did he want?”
Natasha’s head tilts slowly, looking at Steve like she’s never seen him before, Bruce’s eyebrows are making an effort to join his hairline, and Clint’s jaw has apparently come unhinged.
It must show on his face because Tony looks at him then looks away quickly.
Steve leans in a little closer, inches from Tony’s face. “I’m sure your superiors would be interested in data collection. I am willing to be… experimented on.”
"I’ve got a nice little work area set up in my room. Plenty of space to… show you the proper techniques." He moves closer to Tony’s chair, towering over him. Tony’s grip on his mug tightens.
Natasha hums, her eyes suddenly catching on something over Steve’s shoulder.
"I made you breakfast."
“What?” Clint says, around a mouthful of Fruity Pebbles.
“He’s a private school snob,” Bucky said, setting his board on the ground and putting a foot on top of it.
“Why don’t
Tony clears his throat, sets his mug on the table, and stands up. “Fuck yes I am,” he says and follows Steve down the hall.
"Oh," Steve said. He gave a short, awkward laugh. "Yeah, yeah. We should do that…"
Steve/Tony. College roommates.
“Hey, punk.”
Steve had the blushing trained out of him pretty quickly during Basic and the following few years with his Howling Commandos did nothing but reinforce that learning experience. Irish heritage or not, he could sit stone-faced in reaction to most anything, his cheeks never once flaring to color like they had so often done when he was younger.
"No time like the present," Tony said.
"You were—you were amazing in there," Steve said honestly.
steve writing love letters to tony that he never intends for tony to see, he just writes them so he can get his dumb feelings down on paper bc HES SO FULL OF FEELINGS GOD HE LOVES TONY SO MU-HU-HUUUCH. whenever he gets overwhelmed he goes and writes it all down, he has stacks of love letters in his bedside table. and then one day for some reason tony finds the letters and is like holy shit
"Oh," Tony says dumbly, not expecting Steve to turn the tables on him so quickly.
Before he could lose his nerve, Steve launched into his plan immediately.
So Steve listens, ready to dislike the music the way he had first disliked Tony… but finds himself enjoying it. He actually really, really enjoys it and finds himself listening to some of the songs multiple times before moving on to the next. He’s also a little ashamed at himself for jumping to conclusions.
Tony rolls his eyes. “No experimenting with explosions without supervision. Although I really don’t see the reason why.”
Anonymous asked:
In one swift motion, Tony drops the letters to the floor, faces Steve and takes his face in both his hands. Heat rushes through Steve the moment Tony’s lips touch his own and he know that this is it, there’s no going back for him.
But then he hears Tony’s name and he looks up at the screen, only to be greeted by a picture of Tony and Pepper slow dancing. He vaguely remembers Tony leaving the mansion in a tux the night before and has another vague awareness that it was for some gala or another. It must have been something for Stark Industries, if Pepper was there as well.
"I was imagining candlelight and silk, not the glow of a heart monitor and hospital-grade cotton."
"If you don’t mind, Tony and I have somewhere we need to be. It was a pleasure meeting you." Steve says, his arm tightening around Tony as he attempts to lead him away. They’re stop short by a hand around Tony’s wrist. When Steve notices, his eyes flash dangerously.
It’s weird. For all that Steve and Tony have been up close and personal in the gym, sparring and practicing as a team and even one-on-one, this feels different.
Steve smiles, flashing a row of blinding white teeth. His cheeks turn a little pink in an endearingly human gesture.
"When you came into the workshop. I was on the phone, I didn’t even know you were there," Tony said.
"Why didn’t you refuse?"
Steve tilted his head, confused.
Steve himself is more than okay with letting the world know, and if Tony’s alright with it, then… what the hell, indeed?
Tony’s eyes widen as his blood rushes south. He finds himself involuntarily leaning forward, but Steve stands up again and heads out of the room. When he reaches the doorway he turns back to look at Tony.
Whenever Steve and Tony go on vacation Steve insists on staying at a place that has, at the very least, a kitchenette so he can make Tony breakfast in bed for at least one day of their trip and he always makes breakfast foods from the cuisine of the country they're in :3 GOOD MORNING RACHEL
“So,” Tony began. “You don’t skate?” He asked.
"Are these—"
"Mmm," Steve hummed around a mouthful.
"Has anyone ever told you that you come up with the best plans?"
“Do you know me at all, Tony?”
Tony turns towards him and grins, his face scrunching in the adorable way that Steve loves before Tony pulls him into another hug.
The first hint that he’s no longer alone comes to him via drawn-out groan, emanating from somewhere around the doorway behind him. The sound is more fitting a zombie-flick than the action that’s currently on the screen.
"I cannot believe I got hit by my own shield," he says, voice cracking from a dry throat. Tony immediately slides a cup of water in front of him and Steve takes it greedily with his free hand.
Tony shook his head and paused for a moment, then he looked down at where they were still connected.
Steve shrugs. “I guess.”
iridescent-nonreality asked:
Steve makes a soft, empathetic noise and continues to run his fingers softly through Tony’s hair, smiling at the way he relaxes and sighs into the touch.
Steve sighed at the stretch of his thigh as it pressed against his chest, his hands digging into Tony’s sides as he moved against him. Tony’s hair hung limp, stuck to his forehead with sweat, but the man himself showed no signs of slowing down.
He takes a breath and turns the knob.
“Why do you think?” He asked with a wink.
Steve answers by removing his pants and stepping up in front of Tony, resting his hand on Tony’s waist.
“Bucky,” Steve chided. “You don’t even know him.”
Steve reluctantly let the man go and watched him run away as fast as he could. If it were not for Tony, Steve would have given the man a good piece of his mind or well fist. Instead, he focused back on Tony who looked relieved. Tony should not have to hear such blasphemous words coming out of anyone’s mouth. He should stand up for himself! He is an amazing person that Steve is so glad he got to know and helped save him from the assholes who locked him in a cage and plucked out his wings.
Steve just looked into Tony’s eyes and saw the sadness anger and fear. It reminded Steve that no matter how long it has been for him and how much he has been able to move on
Tony pulled back from Steve's embrace and he already missed the heat of Tony's body against his. Still Steve stealer himself and looked into Tony's eyes. The harpy had a large blush on his face but he looked more embarrassed than mad and Steve felt relief flood his system.
“So basically most of this month’s money. You know, Clint was looking forward to those new arrowheads,” Bucky said before moving to help Steve with the new supplies. He gave him a small smile of appreciation letting his best friend take stuff from his hands.
If Steve was going to save Bucky he was on his own. Well, not completely as he turned to look at Peggy and she gave a small swift nod indicating that whatever he was going to do she was in.
“Did he now?” Rhodey looked up at Steve with a saddened eyes but he could see the bit of relief in there too.
“Hey yourself,” Steve answered giving her his own smile back. He was trying really hard to fall for her. He wanted to so badly. Even more so since they first met. Still that annoying part of him would not relent. If he could he would punch himself in the face. Why does he have to be so damn difficult?
“I should probably go on a run, now that I’m actually awake,” Steve smiled back and gave Tony a quick kiss to his forehead disappearing into the bathroom.
Leaving the mirror in one piece, Steve grabbed a newly cleaned shirt and pants. The ache began to seep back into his body. The heat returned in full blaze. But Steve ignored it.
------------
Steve studied them carefully handling the gloves that's t Tony was still wearing. They were dangerous but beautiful and Steve figured it was perfect for Tony. They have been struggling with figuring out a good weapon for Tony to use while they went on more dangerous missions that required combat. Though they more likely than not left Tony with Bruce to watch over the camp much to Tony's displeasure. Steve did not like the idea of Tony getting hurt or having no weapon to defend himself. It was not fun to watch Tony and his enemies at the same time.
“Where is Pepper? Where is my wife?” Tony demanded looking wildly around until he came fact to face with himself. Or more like his body. It was in a metal container with a small window looking like he was peacefully asleep. He took a step towards himself, “Mr. Stark please-” and suddenly his body was engulfed in flames making Tony shout out in horrified surprise expecting to feel the searing pain of fire on his skin but nothing came.
It wasn’t until someone broke through them that either of them moved. It was like a small spell had broke and they were moving this time towards Happy. Steve got to the fallen harpy first and checked to him to find any and all major wounds. There was a large gash on his left abdomen but it didn’t seem too deep and Steve was sure if they got him to Bruce they could patch him up well enough. Tony came up next to him and checked for Happy’s pulse frantically shaking quite badly. Tony looked about ready to cry as he looked over Happy and noticed the same gash Steve did. Steve needed to calm Tony down desperately.
Tony turned to look at her in pure shock. It had been five hundred years. Tony had been dead for five hundred years. Everyone he ever knew was gone. They decided to wake him up anyways.
Once alone in his room, Tony pulled out the one thing he carried with him everywhere even though he had sworn to himself that he didn’t need it, Steve’s flip phone. Tony flipped open the lip of the phone with shaky fingers and dialed the only number in the contacts.
“We have to get moving papa Rhodes,” Tony reluctantly broke the embrace and began to move away from the castle, “I need to get these robes back to Pep and you back to your family.”
The fight seemed like it would go on forever but soon enough the sabers retreated after they took down thirteen of their kind. Steve was breathing hard standing in place still feeling the rush to fight but the fight was over, for now.
Steve was surprised when Tony had shown up for their training session. He had just been ready to pack up his small workout bag when Tony appeared from behind a tree. The harpy prince looked nervous as he stood there shuffling in place. Tony had come. Steve felt himself smile wide and threw his extra pair of protective gear in Tony’s direction catching the harpy off-guard earning Steve a small squawk in return.
Tony nods furiously. "I'm all ears. Rules, I love rules," he says, a half desperate grin curling on his mouth, hope blooming in his heart like a weed.
See, the thing is, Tony knows he can get obsessed.
Steve holds his hand up, and Tony stills, quiets. "First, don't you ever fucking do something like that to me again. If you want to ask me something, just ask. We're friends. Maybe more. I understand why you did it, I do, fear can be a powerful thing, and so can power, but if you ever take advantage of me like that again, I won't even look at you, let alone date you."
a dark, mean voice whispers in his head, but he pushes it aside. If Steve was hiding things from him, he could at least make him rely on him more. Keep the balance of the team that way. Plus, he'll get to see what the boundaries of this are, how far he can push. And what scientist can resist that?
Steve flushes dark to the tips of his ears and the maitre'd tells them their table is ready, escorts them over. "Enjoy your meal, gentlemen."
He gets up and walks towards the elevator, hits the call button, but Steve stops him. "Hey Tony," he says, and Tony stops, turns around.
"Two," Steve breaths, his eyes sliding shut and dragging open desperately, the faint look of a man barely hanging on.
The door dings and the elevator opens behind him. He steps in, mind reeling, already thinking about how he could project the spiral app into a staff like Maleficent's. Steve smiles at him. "Good night Tony," he says, and Tony waves absent mindedly, the doors closing in front of them.
“What?” Tony shoved the woman’s hand off his shoulder, “What do you
He moved towards the commotion knowing that Tony was in there probably freaking out. He probably needed a face he recognized even if it was one he did not particularly like. Still, Steve was willing to work at getting Tony to forgive him. One step at a time Rogers.
“Did you get some rest today Tony?” Steve asked studying the harpy for any signs of discomfort. The harpy just nodded but gave Steve a small smile which made his insides melt just a little more. It always made him happy to see Tony smiling at him so openly.
“Steve sweetheart,” Steve opened his eyes a few hours later. He had not slept. He just enjoyed feeling Bucky’s heavy breath underneath him. His mother looked at him softly knowing full well he was not asleep. Seeing his mother pretend to be strong for him hurt him on a deep level of his conscious. If he hadn’t been born she would not try so hard to pretend she was all right.
Steve walked into his apartment to find Tony wrapping his wings in bandages covered in the medicine that Bruce had made him. Bruce had told Steve, and Tony, that Tony’s wings only needed about a week more of wrapping for them to be safe and healed from the infection. It was good that Steve was able to get all the ingredients Bruce needed to save Tony’s wings. It would have been devastating to have to somehow convince Tony that his wings had to go.
Steve looked straight into Bruce’s eyes wondering what was wrong. A sickening feeling churned inside him as he waited for Bruce to continue. It was as if time slowed down and the air began to thicken. He really needed Tony to be okay. He was obsessed with the harpy but most of all Tony deserved to have a comfortable time and gain strength to leave and go where he wishes to go.
supplies on this run.
that he could look and sound different but Steve would know. He just wanted to hold Tony in his arms, it’s been
“Ah, yes. I am Anita Marson,” the woman introduced, “as I remember correctly, you signed up for the reanimation program. Do you remember?”
After a seemingly long search, Steve found the most the source of the small noise he had come attached to. In the cage in front of him was the gorgeous creature of them all. The creature was hunched over exposing his excessively scarred back and wings...oh god his poor wings were almost plucked to the bone. Steve stepped closer and realized that he was looking at a badly abused male harpy. Why would anyone try and lock up such a beautiful and intelligent race! Steve wanted to kill the traders but he knew it was treason to do so. Instead he got close enough to examine the harpy further to try and assess his situation more closely.
His eyes shot open and he sat up on his bed drenched in sweat. Steve’s breath was labored and harsh. He looked around wildly trying to take in his surroundings. A part of him was looking for Bucky. He always came to his side and comforted him but that was when he remembered. Bucky was gone. Bucky was dead.
Later as he sat down on his desk and checked his email for any further project updates or requests, Steve checks to make sure no one is looking before hitting the registration link. Darcy a few cubicles down is a big gossip and he really didn’t want the whole floor to know he was signing up to be matched by their company. Though he finished filling out the form pretty quickly Steve struggled to press send. He wasn’t one to hesitate but he still couldn't decide if he really wanted to do this.
Steve blinked and saw Peggy-Agent Carter- had bent down to look at him trying to get his attention. Steve smiled shyly and laughed at her tease. He wanted to love her. Steve really did but he could not bring himself to take the next step. Like something was holding him back.
“They have my contact information…” Steve whispered, “let me know when-if you want to see me again. I know I am not who you wanted to see but it’s easier to deal with things when you have a familiar face around. I will be uh, sitting in the quad for a bit.”
“I am sure I recognize your face. You hit me with that apple!” the prince said and Tony began to panic. This was not going to end well.
“You don’t get to speak,” Howard growled grabbing a bottle of scotch and taking a large swing from it directly from the bottle, “I have had enough of you today. Not only did you deliberately try to embarrass me, oh no, you had to make yourself seem smarter than I am. Guess what! You are not! You are just a dumb stupid little boy. You will amount to nothing. Why can’t you be more like Steve Rogers? Now he was the perfect man! Why did the world grace me with such a useless brat!”
Tony glared at him for a long moment but mutely nodded at Steve before turning around and adamantly not giving Steve any face. Tony had never really gotten over Siberia even if he tried his best to be civil with Steve for as long as he had lived back...back then. Now one of the last people he wanted to see was there to greet him.
What did they do to him?
Until next time!
“I have no idea if I got the tools you want or need but I have I have a mechanic friend in the city and thought I could ask them,” Steve spoke up coming to sit next to Tony. This was the first time Steve really instigated contact with the harpy. Tony turned slightly towards him with a serious look on his face.
Rogers seemed to try and scramble to collect himself trying to apologize to Tony but he just shook his head at the Captain and smiled, “no it’s just...no one ever told me I looked like my mom before and that is probably the best thing anyone has ever told me. Thank you.”
Since Steve could not ignore it, he investigated. He followed the sound until it got him standing in front of a pair of tent flaps. Steve always believed that if a person hides behind a cloth then he is a dealer who works on the shady side of the market, the borderline illegal kind. If this were any other time, Steve would have turned away from the tent and headed back into the busy market place but instead he found himself lifting one of the flaps and stepping inside.
“Not at all Mr. Rogers,” the woman on the other side of the phone said with a calm monotone voice, “since you are Mr. Stark’s live guardian we are here to inform you that he has been synthesized successfully into his new android body.”
“We will get Stane and make him pay but right now we need to stay calm,” Steve said with such conviction that he could see the others stand up a little straighter and look determinedly back at him.
“Deal,” Steve answered knowing full well that he was never going to give the harpy back to this man. Ever.
Bruce just smiled softly at him and patted him on the shoulder in thanks before moving towards his tent to start on the remedy. Steve felt relief flood him when he knew that Tony's wings were no longer in danger. Still, Steve looked at the group but could not spot the feathered head of the harpy anywhere. Maybe he was tired and in his tent.
“We grew close to friend Tony,” Thor spoke to Steve as they began to move, “I would be deeply saddened and angered if any harm would befall our new shield brother.”
“Do it when you get back to your computer and stop thinking about it so we can actually enjoy our meal. I don’t need you fainting on me again,” Bucky smiled mischievously earning him a hard punch from Steve.
“Hmm, a tool set ya say?” Dum Dum thought for a moment before smiling widely, “Give me eight hours and I will get ya a new set of travel friendly tools and materials. I will give ya a good price for em too but first let me collect the items before setting a price on ‘em.”
“Well let’s hope that this lucky streak continues,” Bucky chuckled, “it would have sucked to drag you on my date night with Nat to be your wingmen while also trying to be romantic.”
“If you are the prince than…you didn’t actually run away from your crown like the stories were told,” Steve had not realized he spoke those words out loud until the rest of the team turned to look at him. Steve locked eyes with Tony feeling ashamed for believing those stories instead of striving for the truth.
“Come I will show you our makeshift home,” Steve urged Tony forward with a wave of his hand. Tony waited until there was a bit of distance between them before moving behind him. Steve internally sighed but pushed on not letting himself get bothered by Tony’s actions. He just wanted to, as Bucky would call it, mother hen Tony into a nice warm blanket and some healing patches that Bruce carried around with him.
“Father,” Tony tried only to get backhanded across the face. Tony fell to the floor on his hands and knees. He tasted blood.
Steve watched Tony as each of the Avengers proudly introduced themselves giving a short monologue of their talents and successes. Steve found that to be a bit much but they did start with Thor and he had set the precedent for the rest. Then there was Steve. He was the last one left and for some reason, he felt himself stay quiet for a moment longer before finally saying, “Steve Rogers the current leader of the Avengers team. I am glad Tony has other people in the world that care for him. We have come quite attached to him over the past few weeks. Sorry for attempting to attack you it just looked like a gang up and it wasn't something I was going to let happen to anyone let alone someone I came to care about.”
