“Will you be gone tomorrow?” Tony asks quietly.
since I got a job, and I been doing nothing while I tweedle my thumbs and wait for you to come home, dead tired and complaining about work.”
“It’s okay.” Bucky says quietly, hand catching on Steve’s shoulder to quiet him. “It’s what you like. It’s how you are. You never gotta change for me, Stevie.” Is sad, ironic with the smile on Bucky’s lips, bitterness so evident.
“I thought you were the god of bravery, I’d think you would approve.”
"What? No. It was just." Steve struggled to find the words. Yes, he's made the conscious decision to stop speaking with Tony, it had all been a huge mess with his feelings at the time. It was right around the same time he'd yelled at his psychiatrist too. "I was confused at the time. Maybe I didn't want to get my hopes up. You were being so friendly to me and- It wasn't anything you did at all." Steve mutters. "It was just me. Wondering why you were texting and calling. It made me..." He couldn't find the words.
And he can sort of feel it, the watch almost shudders to life, feels like it’s suddenly buzzing with unknown energy on his wrist.
The old fashioned way proves to be effective. The guns he finds are eerily familiar, not replicas, if his memory stands correct.
Special thanks to the three people I'm rping with, ya'll delayed this chapter. lmaojkjk. But seriously, you guys are awesome.
Except apparently some super secret spy guy comes to talk some sense to him, and Pepper’s hot legal assistant jabs him with drugs that make breathing easier than it has been in months.
“And this one?” Steve looks at the first armor among the display. It lacks the sophistication that the rest have, crude and battered. Color is also absent, while the three others are painted in shifts of red and gold, this one remains chrome. Oddly enough, Steve finds it the most telling. While the rest are in near perfect condition, this one wears all its gashes with pride. Scratches, indents (bullets?) and soot mar its exterior.
“Nothing. Just a bruise. A little sore, you know.” Or he doesn’t. Do gods even bruise?
He jumps when the door opens, a burly Alpha heading straight through the door, only glances at him before walking right past through another set of door. He shouldn’t be so skittish, it just reminded him of how very public it was.
He’s always guilty right afterwards, even though Steve tells him that he doesn’t mind it, that he’s here to help him. Steve isn’t even really sure if Clint believes him, but he’d stopped apologizing, and has instead developed a sad look that is no better.
loudly, you know that? You’re practically stomping through the car floor.”
He leaves Steve, despite his instincts practically groaning at him for turning his back on the Omega, but Tony has ideas of his own. He hadn’t requested this, this… Drug-induced state of an Omega, and most likely this was some special treat that came from The Gallery itself. In the world of Alpha influence, it was like giving a gift, wrapped up in a nice shiny bow. To accept the gift was always the easiest, but it would be the same as saying that he was indebted to them. To decline however…
“Is that a Nokia? Oh my god, they actually gave you the indestructible phone.” He could hear the horror in Tony’s voice from across the room.
“You don’t know that.”
“Nah. Get back to me when you’ve got some
Thankfully, Tony takes the growl as normal response.
“Uhm, yes?”
“I’m sure you’d find much more creative ways if you tried. How are you? You sound a little… Off.”
“That’s all I care about.”
“Good.”
In the meanwhile, enjoy this chapter for all it's worth. I always appreciate all your comments and kudos throughout the week, and they help me get started on chapters.
“Let me reintroduce myself. My name is Phil Coulson, I am your official S.H.I.E.L.D. handler for the time being. It’s little more than title, I am also Agent Barton’s and Agent Romanoff’s handler, if that eases your mind.”
“Yeah okay, no need to get all philosophical on me.” Tony dismisses, pushing away Stevos’s hands from his chest.
“I can fly?”
“You are an idiot!” Stevos snarls at him, aggressive steps forward, enough for Tony to nearly fall backwards in his suit. “What is the
Ever since the serum, he’d felt more in tune with his body than ever before. He could feel the precision that came with his movements, something his ill-stricken body couldn’t before. It was like coming out of a haze, sudden clarity about what his body could do.
“Steve?”
.” He realizes that Tony isn’t even listening to him anymore, focus solely on the military Alpha, and turns to Howard. “Howard. Talk some sense into the boy. A million for an Omega. It’s absurd, they aren’t worth that much.”
Is as close to a confession as they’ve ever gotten.
“Oh. You means like Buchanan or Barnes? Huh. My mom calls me Bucky, would that work?”
But Bucky isn’t having any of it. The hand that had loosely held his shoulder turned stiffer, draws him close, quiets him with a push of lips and hint of tongue.
“To sleep.” Tony shakes his head. “You know, close your eyes, go night night? Any of this getting through?”
It tapers off, eventually Tony’s breathing turns slow, fingers merely finding purchase on Steve’s body but do nothing more. He falls asleep right after Tony does, still wondering if he did the right thing or not
Tony rids himself of his shirts, grunts at the ache in his shoulders where the armor had pressed too far in.
Wow, I didn't think I'd get that many kudos. Thanks a lot, helps bolster my esteem.
They fuck.
##########
Steve chases at the taste when Tony’s pulls away, calmer than he was a moment ago but breathing just as hard.
Probably not the chapter you've all been waiting for (The next one contains more Stony), which was why I wanted to do one back to back, but I figured you guys have waited long enough.
Steve learns that there are a lot of kids here who don’t even know their parents. Some of them say they’ve been here for as long they can remember, and they’re just waiting to be adopted like the rest of the kids who get to leave.
It doesn’t always work, Clint puts up a fight, kicks, punches, screams and scratches at Steve when he tries to touch him, too lost in his thoughts to comprehend what’s happening.
Steve nods, at least a few things were cleared up. He didn’t have to worry that he was disrespecting every Alpha on base, or if they were out to get him through some power display he wasn’t aware of.
Steve looks back up to Tony (Did he really drop his gaze?), the Alpha looking at him like nothing was wrong at all. He was thankful that Tony had missed his minor panic attack.
“It means that I am personally responsible for your person, for mission status, in base relationships, and your overall health.”
Steve does open his lips, sticks his tongue out for show, and Andrew smears the head of his cock over Steve’s tongue, moaning at the first feel of wetness. When his cock is all the way in Steve’s mouth, Andrew lets off a shudder, cupping Steve’s chin to keep him properly on his cock, earnest thrusts that make Steve squeeze his eyes.
Steve chuckles and shakes his head.
Maybe he had more choice here than he thought. Steve could simply decline every Alpha that came in line, that would teach them.
Steve arches into the touch, letting a contented sigh. “I was an Omega. The Heats alone would have made it impossible.”
“You destroyed the rest of the drones?” Tony vestures, unsure why Stevos looks so upset.
get one at the price of cost.” Obie chortles.
“Yes, Tony. I understand, but the board won’t approve it unless there’s some approval from the military. You know as well as I do that the arc reactor program is a risk, and millions into production.”
They make their way to Stark Tower, and Tony is dismantled from his suit. And just as Steve had predicted, his side is caked with blood, dark over his undersuit. Steve doesn’t miss the wince Tony peels it off his body.
Omega I’ve ever seen. So I like you, because you’re different and new.”
His tablet was still being monitored by S.H.I.E.L.D. (He didn't bother asking for an explanation, afraid it would take up another hour) but it was for his own good, he was promised.
“To be fair, he was conked with wine. He couldn’t deny a drink unless he was working.”
“Don’t ever underestimate a weapon, Rogers. Especially one you can conceal.” Clint had said when Steve had looked skeptically at the blade.
All that is left is Clint’s face, a feature Steve purposefully left for last. He has a plethora of memories of Clint from the times they’ve been together and uses it as reference for the way his hair droops and rises. He let the shadows do most of the work, with just enough highlights to simulate strands of hair. But the face…
“You pick fights like people’ve insulted your mother. You don’t care how big the other guy is, just that he’s wrong. You got all these big ideal, all trapped up in there in that beautiful head of yours. And you get these real frustrated look when things aren’t up to your standard, like you can’t even believe why people aren’t as crazy as you are.” Frank looks at Steve, a shine in his eyes that Steve doesn’t understand but wants to.
“Pepper, she’s going to want to know I’m safe and alive. Mostly because it would mean a fuck ton of paperwork for the company.”
tell me you’re going to the gala with me. Pepper might set me up with another date, and having your Ex pick your dates is, in itself, a new bar for pathetic.”
It doesn’t take much, Stevos loops an arm underneath Tony’s legs, another on his back to keep him steady while he carries him off. There’s a stubborn part of his mind to wriggle free and plant his ass back on the couch, but then the rest if his brain complains that everything feels too heavy to fight Stevos off, and Stevos has never hurt him despite multiple opportunities to.
“Ugh. When will Richards give up? He tries something new every week and it always ends up a disaster, christ. Why won’t Susan just break up with him already?”
He takes his time shading in the muscle, the hint of power in the relaxed muscle, promising strength yet choosing not to use it. He lets his pencil glide over the page, unhurried. Each fold in clothing is given the same attention, alternating between light and hard strokes to compensate for the lack of color. (Lead is good enough.)
But then he was also Captain America. He’d picked up early on that he was a secret (used to it, at this point), and not even everyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. knew of his actual identity. He didn’t think S.H.I.E.L.D. would suddenly have a change of heart because of his heat.
“Stevos, I need to come.” Tony moans, a jolt of pleasure shaking his voice when Stevos hits his prostate again.
He reaches the latest page, the one of Clint, and Tony tilts the page to give him a better look.
] He inquires. Which he is ignored.
The baleful look in Steve’s eyes is answer enough.
“Wow, I didn’t think
He thinks it’s almost normal, or at least, as normal it could have been after Afghanistan, there was no going back from there, a clear definite line from then and now.
As always, thanks to everyone who's been reading, commenting and leaving kudos for the work. Really, I started this, happy to have a hundred-ish readers, but with the number of views, I'm inclined to think there's a bigger number to it. Thank you <3
an Omega, the Alpha would present a piece of jewelry that would signify the Omega’s worth to them. It was meant as a gift, an offering, as if to say that the Omega was precious and deserved it.
it is you wanna prove. You wanna go around fucking Alphas, y’just make sure you clean your boots before you come back, don’t need snow tracks all over the floor for someone to slip on.”
His stolen bike.
##########
“Not if you do it seductively!”
He breathes hard when Stevos lays him on the bed, feels utterly hopeless underneath his gaze. Part of him is still anxious that the god will just leave, the other part of him hates to see the god so sullen and unsure. The hesitation between them is Tony’s fault, he knows it, even while Stevos might not say it.
“I really gotta talk about it, don’t I?” Clint say, all glum.
It doesn’t stop the bit of sadness that comes from with it, as he sinks back into SHIELD in newly formed determination. He focuses on that instead, on being useful, as he goes through bags on a daily basis, punching away at them as much as his frustration with allow. Learning as much as he can from the people around him.
##########
best. It’s just. I-” The Beta pauses and then calms down, an enlightened smile on his face. “I have just the idea, I’m sure you’d love it, Mr. Stark. I’ll bring you to your Omega instead.”
Stevos is temptation in tidy package, specifically the kind of man that Tony would have gone home with back in the day. Or would have tried to pay to get into his bed. The innocent home-grown next-door neighbor kind that Tony wouldn’t have had issues flirting with, to corrupt and show him all the dirty things they could be doing.
“Yours is, like freshly stacked hay, nice, the smell of old paper and ink.” He finally decides, rolls that in his mind and can’t think of anything else that that is a close approximation. “And over that, freshly peeled oranges, a slight bitterness of the peel that adds to the scent, and wood dust.”
Steve can't help but lean into the touch, relaxing onto his palm. His mind is buzzing with thoughts. Mostly shock about Tony's declaration. But the hand quietens those to a soft murmur, Tony's words piercing through the noise.
“Oh, don’t be like that!” Justin chuckles. “Tony’s an old friend, we don’t always see eye to eye but that’s a minor detail.” He regards Steve, a weird look in his eye. “But you're new, nobody even knows where you came from, fresh on.the scene. Either that or Tony has you squirrelled away somewhere secret.” Justin waves his hand but then it lands on Steve’s knee, clanging warning bells in his brain.
##########
His cellphone for example, when Tony first laid eyes on it.
Happy is Tony’s personal driver, he learns on the way to Malibu, when he’s not flying the Iron Man suit anyway. Steve senses the fondness in his voice, just the tiniest scent of protectiveness on the Beta. The man is amicable, providing the brunt of small talk that fills the car for the rest of the trip. Happy likes burgers (and so does Tony apparently) and points out good places to eat as they pass them by.
“Five pm. Same as everyone else.”
Steve pretends to think it over. “What would count as a flutter?”
“I don’t think I’ll ever really be ready, but roll it anyway.”
Sister Catherine is a nice beta who gives him a hug when the men drop him off at the orphanage. She smiles and asks him his name, to which he replies shyly with 'Steven’.
“-I know you’re
“You are a man of great intellect, no doubt you will always questions, some I may not be able to answer but I will tell you as much as I can. A god is only as powerful as the number of their followers. I am sure you are familiar with Hephaestus?”
Tony’s body posture is languid, sat on the bed while staring hungrily at Steve. He only lies back when Steve climbs onto the bed within, hands quickly finding purchase on his hips to pull him in.
“And then?” He could sense there was more to the story.
“Oh, I can tell when I’m not wanted.” Something tells Steve that he likes to
“You weren’t suppose to do that well, considering this is the first time you’ve seen me fight. who taught you to move like that?” Her face doesn’t give her away, but he can smell the adrenaline and tightly controlled disappointment from her.
##########
##########
“Which means it won’t be done by Tuesday.” Brock quickly interrupts.
“There. See? You don't want to, they can’t force you to fuck an Alpha you don’t like. Was it like that in the forties?”
“In a while. I’d like to see you stretched by my fingers.”
to his urges, eagerly thrusting into his greedy hole, growling appreciatively when Steve can’t help but clench around his girth as he came in spurts.
The younger Alpha peers at him. “He’s so tiny, Uncle Ed.”
He still hasn’t gotten back into the groove of it, but it makes him feel better.
“I sort of called you a fake to your face.”
He grows jealous of the other kids, who scamper up and down the stairs, through the halls, screaming and yelling without a care in the world, while he lays in his bed, his body aching from fever, wondering why life is unfair.
“Anthony.” Stevos breathes, head thrown back as Tony grazes teeth on the god’s neck, picks a spot and bites down hard as he squeezes on those globs of flesh.
Texting with Clint is a little confusing. He uses shortcuts and symbols that Steve has to ask JARVIS about.
Tony doesn’t let Pepper know, she’s suspicious enough about the arc reactor ever since he’d had her replace it from his chest (again). She’s already up his ass for missing so many meetings at the company, but he can’t have an episode in front of them, not when he’s still trying to push for Stark Industries’s new image. Their stocks have been holding stable, especially when rumor has it that Tony Stark himself is working on the Stark Industries’s new product. But they’re still recovering from last year’s point drop since Tony had announced that they were no longer making weapons, and the death of Obadiah Stane.
(Everywhere he looks, it’s a reminder of Tony’s generosity.)
“Board meeting, I need to present my new arc reactor specs, and if it’s approved, I can start manufacturing it for mass production.”
Tony takes his silence as a sign to keep talking. "And you must be thinking. Why now when we've been talking relatively fine for a few months now. Phone calls and texts are actually being answered now and- Hey which reminds me. Why did you stop responding to me after your Heat?"
Steve’s never had a blowjob before, but now he could see the merits to one. His brain promptly shut off when Tony takes his entire length in his mouth, licking the underside of his cock with his tongue, delicious wet heat and pressure the only thing he can focus on.
“Go on ahead, I’ll catch up.” Distracted, he counts out the rest of their money.
“Haven’t been sleeping well since the Chitauri. There I said it. Been so fucking keyed up. It keeps replaying, over and over again, the wormhole, the fleet. The Nuke.” Tony adds with increasingly panic. The shudder he can’t hide speak more volumes to Steve. He can finally place that tired look Tony always seemed to have.
Steve nods. “And think.” He adds, he looks much more relaxed than Tony has seen him, but no less guarded. “You bought me.”
(Taking too long!)
Ed steadily pushing in, bare and huge, not even giving Steve the time to adjust, making his senses ring at the feeling of being stretched open. He’s wet enough that it doesn’t hurt, but there’s still that discomfort of suddenly being filled with more than he is prepared for. Ed only stops when his hips are flush to Steve’s ass.
“Black Widow will assess your hand to hand combat skills, and teach you basic skills in espionage. Something I think you lacked in the army. You best listen to her.”
“And what will you do when you have two Alphas initiate a fight?” She asks, eyebrow cocked when he tells her what he wants to do. “Push them aside with that
“No, it’s alright. I think he was about to leave.”
“Yes? Is there something wrong with it?” He liked his phone, thank you very much.
It doesn’t come. A man falls from the sky, crushing the terrorist with the force of his fall, the unmistakable crunch of bone and splattered blood.
But this? He wasn’t sure how to explain it, when he was so confused himself.
No comments for this chapter, just a friendly reminder that this fic is rated explicit and thus, some topics might be distasteful to some, not just in past chapter but also in chapters coming along.
. That’s all you care about. Because I’m your precious little
“I understand entirely Mr. Stark.” Steve smiles sadly. That was what everyone been doing to him. Throwing him into a situation and expecting him to be alright with it, meet it head on.
without you.” One of the women quips, after a chuckle at Tony’s comment about her fourth Omega within the month.
“It was okay I guess, but he was shit at aftercare plus it was almost like he was praising himself for my orgasms. As if nature didn’t do a helluva job already.”
Clint won the last round. Which means he gets the part of the secret thing I'm planning. No questions this chapter, but I'd still like to know what everyone thinks so far. Anyways, here's the next chapter.
Shoes come off first. Industrial grade slip-on boots Tony designed specifically for wearing in the suit, or at least until he figures out a solution to his scuffed leathers. They are settle neatly on the side of the bed, carefully placed by Stevos before he moves further.
A beaten down soldier with super strength and a case of shellshock.
His own Omega. “Steve.” He says out loud, trying to wrestle him out of his clothes, already unbuttoned the front of his shirt but not much else, difficult with how he doesn’t seem to want to cooperate. “Take off your clothes. Don’t you want to get clean?”
“Cold?”
“Show me.”
“Hmm.”
in Howard’s eyes.
Dummy clicks sympathetically, pushes his tracks right to the sofa and taps at the sketchpad on Steve’s lap.
“Mhmm, just woke up, I’m on the good stuff. Doctor’s orders.” Tony hums into the call. “J says you’re coming over.”
“That sounds terrible.”
Horror washes over Steve as Tony returns with the drinks, looking surprised, switching back and forth from Steve and then to Justin on the floor. How was he going to explain this? God, he’d ruined the night.
“Alright, thanks Jarvis.”
“Files loaded and ready to go, Steve.”
They stay like that for a while, in stretched silence within the safety of Tony’s bedroom. Steve lays his head to Tony’s chest, listening to the familiar hum of the arc reactor, the smell of Tony’s scent, still a little too frazzled, brings him closer, while Tony’s fingers card through his hair.
So, uh. Hi. I updated. Like holy hell it's been a long time. But seriously, sorry to everyone who's been waiting on the chapters. I had like a tiny tiny bit of this written and then shit hit the fan.
“Hey!”
“No clue, sir.” He answers, standing at parade rest, his hands behind his back as he looks as blankly as he can at Fury.
Frank nearly chokes on his pork.
“What does that mean?”
Tony shrugs. “Like. Five now?”
“Yes.” Duty? Responsibility? Whatever flowery word it is that he has to tell himself.
“Feed him your cock.” And Andrew does, shucks off his own pants and lines himself up to Steve’s mouth.
Steve blinks, but follows Brock’s instructions, a certain amount of beans and cocoa, until he’s got the pot to start its drop. “He hates the machine stuff, says it messes with the beans and shit, taste doesn’t come out right.” Brock grumbles, obviously affronted that he’d been lectured about coffee. Not that Steve knows much about coffee, Abraham never liked it, preferred Tea to the roast. He can make out the curious smell of burn and chocolate that fills the kitchen.
Tony huffs, looks at him like his ridiculous.
“Ooh, what a polite one.” Cara purrs, her fingers roaming the arm of her date, eyes drinking in Steve. “Would you be persuaded to share him, Tony? Let me take him home for the night. I’ll be sure return him in one piece.”
No?” He sounded unsure himself, Steve catches the sudden gasp of air, the way Tony makes room between them, just a step backwards, away from him. That only confuses Steve.
“Oh, well, can’t think of much. A good bed and proper food s’all I need.”
back his position, and the back to court trials regarding the Iron Man suit. Rhodey's back on his side and he’s pinned as a national treasure.
I plan to put both of you under the Captain’s command.”
to realize that he had gotten complacent.
She smiles, strong.
“We coulda taken 'em.”
Almost immediately he’s assaulted with Tony’s succulent scent, dizzying him as Tony covers him.with body, lathing kisses at the back of his neck that has him keening. Tony’s humping against him, rubbing his large cock against the cleft of his ass, growling in his ear.
It’s the kindness that kills him, making him sob yet he clings to the god even more, throwing his arms around Stevos’s thin waist. He still feels so warm, solid and strong. All the while, Stevos holds him tight, run his hands over his nape, through his hair, continuously swiping away his tears. “It’s alright, Anthony. I forgive you. It’s alright. I know you regret it.” Stevos mutters non-stop, in one combination or another.
On one hand, he’s been coddled enough. He doesn’t miss the way that Natasha gives him the side-eye when she think he doesn’t notice, though she doesn’t say a word. Clint hasn’t been around, so Steve doesn’t have anyone to give it to him straight, and he’s left to guessing. His therapy sessions have been reduced to a month, at least some good had come from the Chitauri invasion. Credibility for his position as leader, and to ensure that he wouldn’t break under pressure.
In that stance, Steve notices Tony’s biceps, larger and bulkier where the muscles curls. Even Tony’s face looks a lot more defined, harder and firmer than he remembers it, like he’d lost a layer of fat, but seems gaunt against the harsh light that he works with.
“Let’s get you out of that-”
“Don’t know. I guess I realized that I need to let go of the past and look for my own future.”
When Tony seems to be content with his inspection, he settles back, looking a lot more relaxed than he had been.
Today it’s sniper rifles.
That sounded just like Howard. To build something from ground up and make it huge. He’d already went through the records (internet), and found that the man had died in a car crash.
“Tomorrow, Stark. I grow tired of your games.”
“Would you like to do all those things?” He asks quietly.
“Stevos. Fuck.
Different now too, he reminds himself. A little bit more normal. His psychiatrist had tried to explain, that sometimes even a contracted Alpha would stay in an Omega’s home instead. A show of trust and respect, wherever the Omega would feel most safe. Except in his case, Tony had argued that Steve would feel better if he could have free reign rather than being cooped up in his quarters, or so Phil had explained.
Except. There are three men encircled around his bike, smoking cigarettes and muttering among themselves.
Steve immediately jumps to his feet, muscles tightening in anticipation, hand already on his shield.
“Let me show you your room.”
“Yes, whatever you want.” And Tony hates it that Stevos sounds so eager to please, desperation riddled in his voice, but he has his request in mind.
Steve only smiles at that, feeling the hints of a blush coming, unsure of what to say. He hadn’t known how to react to that yet, when people came up and
“Jarvis, blinds please.” Steve says softly, gaining Tony’s attention once more.
“Stop glaring. God, you’re gonna set me on fire with that look. I told’ja before ‘bout what I thought, and you go behind my back anyway.” Bucky says, tossing his spoon into the half-empty bowl like it’s done him harm. “You know what they say ‘bout what happens in ‘em mating blocks. Omegas fucking lose their lives over there and no one gives a shit. Omegas get hit by Alphas they don’t know, and that’s not even the
Tony didn’t need him, he was, at most, some pet project to the billionaire, the poor lost Omega that Tony deemed it worth his time for. Because that was Tony, he was nice and kind even if he tried so hard not to show it. Kindness, that Steve had been too desperate for. And he’d taken advantage of that, whilst providing nothing in return.
Steve and Bucky don’t speak. Not when Steve hands over the bit of bread to Bucky, though there’s disgruntled acceptance but not much else. They don’t speak when Bucky comes home with the day’s worth of food. And they don’t speak when Steve leaves that night for the mating blocks.
“You talk funny, Rogers.” One of the older kids tell him.
Clint stays quiet for a bit, curls into Steve’s chest a little more, or as much as he can. Back in the day, a man like Clint could have easily passed as a Beta, or even an Alpha, there was a different standard of beauty, Omegas didn’t build muscle, they were lean, almost fragile little creatures that Alphas could love and protect.
She’s also very pretty, impeccable, the kind of dame that he would have assumed was with someone like Tony Stark from the magazines. It also doesn’t help his nerves that she’d seen both him and Tony naked together. He’s still a bit embarrassed, there’s no helping it all.
“Of course.” Tony doesn’t argue, only nods in understanding, but his hand dips down, past Steve’s chest, towards his navel, and palms Steve’s half-hard cock through his sweatpants. “But then what about this?” A hint of a smile in his words. “Looks like someone’s very interested.”
“You can’t be with a Beta.” Bucky finishes for him, not even a hint of bitterness. They’ve had this talk, several times, and slowly, Bucky’s become more resigned. Steve just hopes that he’ll stop waiting. Stop putting his life on hold for Steve. He hates it, watching Bucky practically limp after him, pretending that he’s not.
didn’t you tell me? You let me-” Tony’s face sours, makes a frantic gesture at Stevos. “You let me just
Steve shoves him lightly. “Who’s fault do you think that is, jerk.” He grins anyway. It’s a strange twinge in his chest.
Truth was, he’d been reluctant to be around so many people at once. As much as the future now excited him, everything was new and seen with curiosity, he realized that the people in it would have changed as well.
“Military. It’s-” Steve shakes his head, wanting some excuse to not talk about it. “I know the type, military Alphas establish the pecking order, set things straight in a unit. I’m not saying they’re awful at their job or anything but sometimes they just-” He rubs his eyes wearily.
"It's. It's a lot to take in, Tony."
Strength sapped, Steve can do nothing else but lay there, note the fullness of semen and cock in his ass and the occasional shift of Tony on his back. His mind veers at the thought of the other Omega just outside the door, ready to take Tony away from him-
He isn’t there. Even the trail of footsteps he had made looks different somehow, like. Not quite as deep as the weight of two people, but more like Tony had dragged his bad legs across the sand.
“Can you please let Tony know that I’m here?”
“First of all.
So instead of making ya'll wait for Sundays, I'll be posting them as I write and edit, when I feel like the chapter is as good as it's going to get for the subject matter at hand.
questioning once. (What is your preferred position? Do you have any aversion to nipple clamps? How long can you sustain an erection?) Phil only asks a few more extra question, but most of them are for his living conditions.
“That’s real nice of you to offer.” Steve says softly, touched by the open generosity. “But I really couldn’t impose, you’ve already been-”
He considers the options. “Which one will be, uh, clearer?”
While Howard and Obie meander away, Tony turns to see the Curator making his way towards him. “That’s alright, Heather. I’ll handle Mr. Stark’s account personally.” He waves off his what-must-be secretary, and straightens his jacket. He has the looks of a man who had just won a million bucks. Or the equivalent commission from it, Tony supposes.
Eventually, the last Omega goes for a sale, a tall lanky one with a burst of white hair and captivating blue eyes, and Tony makes the price go all the way up to two-fifty before conceding to an older Alpha.
Perhaps his most favorite thing about the future (present?) was its abundant supply of hot water.
##########
“Heightened metabolism. Yes, I’ve been informed but Coulson would skin me alive if he hears that I’ve been feeding his idol scraps.” Tony looks amused at that. “Wait… He didn’t tell you he was a fanboy?”
But, important question for everyone currently reading. Should Clint and Steve do the sex or not? :) Of course, the main pairing for this fic is Tony/Steve, but I don't see why they can't have some fun. Still, I'm a bit torn.
“Breath Anthony, I don’t want to hurt you.”
and you’d be dead without me.”
A car is already there to pick them up (S.H.I.E.L.D. or Tony’s doing?) and they’re on the road again with no delay.
“No!” It breaks from his mouth, right on the tip of his tongue when Stevos gives him a curious look, tumbling right out without much thought. “Turn back. That’s how you normally look, right?” He feels like he doesn’t have to ask, he just knows.
Thor on the top of the state building, the tip pierced right through his chest, his blood spilling out.
And then there’s ragged breathing, broken and pained that breaks the silence, hands curling over his back, pulling him in close, a sob in his ear where Tony’s head lay.
Omega. And all these idiots bidding on
“I’ve always wondered, was it your idea or Howard’s to paint it this red, white and blue monstrosity?”
Shame catches up quickly, just the thought of disrespecting Tony makes his stomach clench, he swallows and hesitantly sinks back to bed. Tony's hand is warm on his chest, a small comfort against the sharp attention of his gaze.
There’s a momentary look of triumph on Black Widow’s face.
Leave your answers in the comments. Thaaanks.
Stevos is used to it by now, the snark that Tony hides behind, but it still earns him a frown every now and then, like the god wasn’t sure how to handle him.
“Breath with me, come one. In and out, in and out. Deep long breaths.”
This wasn’t something he did in the war, not when every waking minute was spent tracking down information and then acting upon that information decisively, which meant destroying camps and bases in most cases. Any time they weren’t actively hunting down Nazis was spent sleeping, whatever precious few moments he could get before either Colonel Philips or Agent Carter could yell at him for another mission.
“Anthony?” Stevos stops, clearly worried.
“Can I come back after? When your done here?” Frank persists, but he’s at least retreated to properly stand behind the counter instead of loom over Steve.
Steve nods, closing his eyes as he leans towards Tony’s scent glands too.
Tony chuckles, amused and light. “So, fess up. What’s been bothering you.”
He remembers the first time he'd gotten to his knees for Tony, bowed down so that Tony could present him the necklace, felt fragile and strong at the same time when he did. He regrets not bringing the necklace, it was in his drawer back in S.H.I.E.L.D. tucked away when he’d gotten tired of people asking about it. There’s an itch he hadn’t felt before, a want to have it on his neck as some offering to Tony, some symbol that he could show.
"Born July 4th, 1918."
Solid dark wood, or at least the exterior had that finish to it, and then dark glass that made the cabin look sleek and metallic, still square and almost chilling at sight.
They kiss and touch each other, heady with each other’s scent, Steve’s next wave of Heat not quite there yet but it didn’t matter to them.
He doesn’t bother getting dressed. The part of him dreads and yet welcomes the next part just to have it over with. Claiming. The Alpha will do it. It’s why he’s had Steve take a bath. Get rid of all the other scents, to leave his own on Steve. And then after Claiming it would…
He’s going to miss this, whatever this was. No, he retracts that, pulling himself away from the misery in his mind. He wouldn’t belittle the memory of this place with laziness, where he had felt more free than he dare admit. The fear of the future had been burned here, replaced with a smoldering pile that warmed him to his core, enough that he even felt hopeful of what tomorrow could bring. Curious of what the future could teach him.
“Well, they don’t.” Sounds like a touchy subject, and hey, Steve was happy to just stare down at the crumbs until he could start to understand the conversation again.
“And did you Heat regularly?” There was a pleasurable dig into his spine, forcing Steve to swallow a moan before he could answer.
The bed shifts and dips, Andrew positioning himself behind Steve, the soft sound of stretched rubber over flesh. “God, it looks so tiny.” But is undettered. And truthfully, it takes him a couple of tries to push in, cock in hand while Ed holds Steve by the chin, thick cock slowly thrusting against his cheek, hard and covered in his own slick, making sure he can smell his musk.
Steve pauses, and then continues, trying to brush it off. “It was nothing, the spear was influencing us, just as Loki had planned right from the beginning. He’s a real trickster.”
As always, thanks for all the kudos and comments. I'm still trying on my one shot but I just can't find the time for it. Oh well. Enjoy this chapter instead.
So he supposes he should go to the lab now.
Tony grits his teeth, unmoved despite the kicked puppy look Stevos gives him. He must look like some petulant child, pouting and huffing at Stevos. But then what did that make the god? An absent father? He’s had enough of those, thank you very much.
And Tony is weak.
in love.” Steve says with the straightest face he can muster.
Clint strung by his rappel arrow on top of a building, limbs torn off and hung like a puppet.
, which Tony is correct about, of course. The implication about Director Fury is something to think about, so he put his mind to that instead.
Steve curls in on himself as he orgasms, body suddering in waves of pleasure, coming all over his chest in spurts, he can feel the wetness of his slick dribble out of his hole, pants turning sticky with his fluids.
By the time they land, Steve has painted a vivid picture of the situation in his mind. The last of the files was a detailed list of Tony’s injuries, no doubt meticulously compiled by JARVIS himself. A near fractures, lacerations and a drastic drop in his immune system due to the amount of shear stress and blood loss he’d had to endure to mention the lighter side of things, anxiety creeps over Steve, looming over him as they landed.
Bucky’s all over him in an instant, like he does when Steve comes back during his Heat, dragging him through the room, making him sit on the bed and check for his temperature.
No sooner after Steve has poured out a cup, Tony comes stumbling, beady-eyed, seemingly drawn in by the scent of the brew.
“Of course. How very lucky of us. Name, again?”
“You know what, nevermind. What you do with your life is totally none of business unless you go into heat.” Tony grumbles, and that stings.
Steve reaches over, stands over Tony to hug him gingerly, aware of the fragility that the Alpha feels in the moment. He continues to hug him as Tony's sobs rack throughout his body. "It's okay. You're good. Good Alpha." Steve murmurs, breathing in Tony's scent.
“It’s asshats trying to take advantage of a situation is what.” Clint adds in, grim tone says everything he thinks about it. “And Alphas and Betas with enough money in their pockets to make the buy.”
Tony falls back to bed with a tablet (“It’s not
That was… Quite the offer. A strength of a god for him to use? And all he had to do was believe that Stevos was real.
“Fine. Me first.” Tony sniffs, pulling more of the blanket towards him.
Papers squared away, she hands him a little card, nothing but typewritten numbers on it.
“I s-said s-stop it.” He says, tries to swat away James’s hand but ends up waving through air.
“Why the keys at all? Why not a fingerprint scanner?” Yep, he was proud to remember those.
“I like your scent too.”
“Well, he shouldn’t.” Steve says, brows knitted together. “And neither should anyone else. You are more than what people think of you.”
I feel wholly unprepared because of that
“You are, aren’t you?” Tony chides JARVIS. “It’s a scheme to get me to eat! Collusion! Betrayal! Treason! I expected better from you, Jarvis. And Steve, you haven’t admitted that robots are better than live animals. No, I didn’t forget. Traitors. The both of you.”
“The what?” Huh?
, during you Heat.” Tony all but growls.
When Steve was little, he hadn’t understood why he couldn’t stay with his mom.
Again, thanks for everyone who left kudos, tho the last chapter didn't get any comments, I wanted to build a bit on kid!Steve anyway. But woah, 800 kudos!!!!
There’s another prod to his side, and it’s all Steve can do to not just flinch away. James thinks it’s a laugh to pick on the smaller kids, thinks it’s especially funny when he picks on Steve.
three-piece suit he had on.
“Wait a moment, who’s Michael? Are you
Which only makes Steve blush more. “S-So. That’s that?” He’s torn between the thought of retreating (hiding) back to his room, and pulling Tony close again.
It’s three weeks before he breaks. Three solid weeks of being dead on his feet, trying to fix the expo and trying to make things up to Pepper and Rhodey.
Brock Rumlow (Mid-Alpha) takes charge, runs the team with efficiency and skepticism, while Jack Rollins (High-Beta) keeps everyone in line for Brock, ensuring the hierarchy is well and stable, and Brock’s position isn’t compromised in anyway, which was the most common problem when it came to anything pack.
schedules.” She answers in return, and Steve nearly flinches at the biting tone that Tony so easily ignores. She
“I’d like to meet him.”
“Hey, kid, you okay?”
of it. Did I say something that turned you off?"
. High-ranking, if Tony were to guess. The Alpha stares at him, but he’s too far away for Tony to make out the details of his face. Tony takes it as a challenge anyway.
“You haven’t done anything wrong, at least not according to your psychiatrists. Unless you feel like going into a murdering rampage on all the Alphas in base.” Steve barks a laugh at that, which has Hawkeye grinning. “Hey man, I’m not gonna tell you not to. Just give a guy a warning, let him be ready with some plausible deniability.”
Tony chuckles. “Yeah, I bet.”
Tony starts petting his hair and Steve eyes droop low, settling himself onto Tony’s chest, letting the man pet him. His fingers feel wonderful on his scalp and he just knows he can fall asleep like this.
He’s thankful that Col. Rhodes had made himself scarce after he’d left the room. Or maybe the man had assumed he would take longer with Tony, either way, he hadn’t seen hide nor hair of the man while he worked.
“And that dream about your own place? Is that the one you’re chasing after?” Tony prods. It’s almost weird that he still remembers, but Steve doesn’t let it deter him.
Except now, in the confines of Tony’s lab.
before meeting said Omega, that it’s Captain America. Please understand
“Exactly. No. Wait. That’s a loaded question. I don’t
He flips the bacon on the pan, thoughtful. “The military could use that too. Setting up a base requires a generator for starters, a good power source for surveillance, computers and lights for our boys out there. You don’t have to modify it as weapon, it’d still be useful out in the field. The military gets its technology and you don’t have to give them a gun.”
can reschedule it and I can get yelled at and it can be done.” Tony says, eyes not leaving the tablet, and now Steve can see he’s sending an email.
He’d gone through this earlier, past the set of doors, the lobby. But this time he hands over the card instead of his name, and the Beta behind the desk copies it onto a piece of paper, and hands him back the card.
So far, Tony’s expectations have been thrown out the window. What he had
“No?” Steve quickly answers back, but the blush has already started. “A guy I met at a bar. Anyway, he said that it was worth a lot of money.”
“It’s not going to finish in time.” Yinsen gasps, throwing a frightened look from the computer to the open door.
There was more to the story, Tony knows it, but he can’t bring himself to ask, not when he feels so tired himself, wrought in the battle that claimed his body.
“You shoulda seen Howard’s face when I told him that, thought I was insane for doing it.”
“Unfortunately, Justin, I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Steve says, let’s the icy anger seep into his tone, a frown of disapproval at Justin.
Steve snarls when the man tries to pull him off his cock, sucking so hard that he can feel the Alpha’s moan through his cock. There’s a sharp tug to his hair and he stops, pulls off the Alpha’s cock with no doubt swollen lips, panting for air and looking absolutely ravished.
“Alright, Valentino. Ain’t never seen a fella so convincing.” He says, a bit Brooklyn drawl mixing into his tone. “I still need to check in with Phil, at least let him know I’m not heading back to SHIELD just yet.” It would have been rude not to at least tell someone.
Frank is tall, easily a foot taller than him if he were to guess, strong hands, working hands by how those rough palms feel, and muscle that doesn’t look like they’re there for show. He doesn’t say much, except to quietly ask Steve to eat and make sure he’s okay.
“You are stupidly high-level.”
Steve looks at Natasha, surprised to say the least. She smirks at him, patting him on the arm.
“To talk. Just talk.” Frank injects. “We didn’t part on the best of terms. I wanted to apologize.”
“So you did.” Tony hums, pushing past the clothes and taking a firm grip of Steve’s cock. Tony’s hand is warm on his stiffening cock, Steve moans openly as Tony sets a slow pace, easy pleasure that has him sighing.
“You found the cheese, huh?”
Yes. Smells like Tony. Still warm. The soft cloth brushes against his bare skin, the curve of his ass fitting snugly as he relaxes on it, the netting of the chair just an afterthought.
This chapter is shorter than usual. It didn't feel right to try and squish in development into one chapter, so I'd rewritten it this way instead.
Steve isn’t ignorant. He knows that Fury has been testing him ever since he’d woken up. It’s a startling discovery as to how in depth they’ve studied his life, from where he grew up to his exact list of ailments. His life, or at least previous life, had been studied, investigated, re-studied, and then published in books.
Then my phone got stolen :\ Some ass plucked it right out of my hand and ran off with it. So I am currently stuck with a phone that lags all the time.  As I might have already said at a previous chapter, I usually write on my phone, I even got a bluetooth keyboard just for the sake of writing for longer periods of time. Until I can get a decent phone, I'm afraid I just can't promise any chapters on time anymore. I hope to get one within the month, but chances are slim.
That seems to be the wrong thing to say, as the Omega turns all the way, shows his impressive back to him. If the Omega were not chained, he would surely be at the other side of the room by now, as far away from Tony as possible.
“I’ll mostly be down here, working. You don’t have clearance for this place, but if you tell JARVIS, I can come right up.”
“My brave little Anthony, can you not see? Can you not feel it?” Stevos eyes shine with excitement. “You have already begun changing the world. Tomorrow, the people will look to you as a symbol of hope. You need not worry, only hold yourself with pride and they will support you. They will cheer your name, and you will be known as a hero.”
Tony had obviously taken a shower, hair looking damp and the smell of soap were dead giveaways, not to mention he lacked the sweat and grease.
“People will think there’s something wrong with my eyes, Tony.”
“Sleep it off?! My jaw feels like it’s going to fall off any minute and you tell me to sleep it off?!” He’s livid, glasses askew which makes him look even crazier than he already was. Thankfully, a couple of waiters start escorting Justin elsewhere with promises of medical attention.
of his shield when he hits someones,
“Don’t what?”
So he pools his legs underneath him, gets to his knees and curls a hand over the god’s chest, bare to him, a solid heat that resonates from within.
“I probably do. And who better to confess my sins to than to Captain America.” Clint turns around, but doesn’t break their contact, stares at Steve with his fingers bunched around his shirt.
Steve shakes his head. “Not since the serum.”
“I want to see.” He knows he sounds like a spoiled child, but he has questions, ones that he’s sure Stevos would answer but he wants to see with his own eyes.
Bucky laughs, all hollow and morose. “Y’think yer Ma woulda approved of this? Swear to God, Steve, she’d be rolling in her grave if she knew what you were thinking there.”
“Good?” Tony checks, wriggling just the slightest to adjust his position on the bed, his knees on either side of Steve’s thighs. Steve feels his cock shift inside of him, gasps when he presses in just right.
“Bugging
better.”
“For referrence, whenever you come in. That’s your number. You hand that over at the counter whenever you’re done, they’ll give you your due.”
When he wakes up, Tony is staring at him, so calmly that’s it’s mildly alarming.
Steve raises a brow. “Is that how you ask for things?”
His entire body shudders in surprise, the dildo suddenly buzzing right up against his prostate, against his everything. It feels deeper than it was a moment ago, touching him in all his intimate spaces.
“Yes.” Stevos admits, blushing. He looks to the cave. “Your friend, Ho Yinsen was also brave, but he was a man ready to embrace death, he longed for it so I found no reason to deny him that.”
No, he knows now that it hasn’t. It has only moved to someplace hidden, without regulation or rules, even more dangerous than it’s predecessor now that it could work on it’s own terms. Greed it’s main power.
at you. You put your trust in me and I let you down. Left you by yourself and that’s
things to say to me, but I don’t mind Hammer taking the brunt of that force.” He snickers.
Truth be told, he’s afraid that Stevos won’t come. He hasn’t exactly been brave for the past months, dread always feels like a few steps behind him. Drinking has turned back into routine, sleep comes sparingly without it.
“Oh my god, you’re the best.” Tony says after draining half of the cup in one gulp, which Steve thinks is amazing considering the coffee was still steaming hot.
(“It’s not bragging if it’s true, Cap.”)
##########
Tony beams, a soft smile that makes Steve’s heart flutter in his chest.
There’s a hitch of breath and rustle of clothes before the Alpha is back on him, kissing him fiercely, cupping his face with tenderness that melts his insides. Steve breaks the kiss with a gasp, the dildo inside of him being slowly removed and the feeling wasn’t pleasant at all.
After a thought.
Maybe it was why he didn’t feel all too disarmed with showing Tony his works, unfinished and most of them hurried because he would never had had the chance to do them otherwise (Alpha’s gifts). And it only seemed fair, Tony had shown him his lab, it was the least he could do.
Back then Omegas were the ‘
“Would you like some pancakes to go with that? You haven’t had lunch yet, so I figure you must be hungry. I thought you’d find the irony in breakfast for dinner.”
“Who does?” Steve plays along, plucking the drink from Clint as he tries to get him to sit up straight.
“It wasn’t- You know, back then, if an Alpha owed some money, you bartered an Omegas time.” He remembers bitterly, haphazard comments and sneers, when people would goad Bucky into
an Alpha than Tony did, he could still pick up the scent that told him that she was. And while Marlow was definitely a Beta, he wasn’t sure if the cologne had been to try to smell more like an Omega, or simply to enhance his Omega scent.
Tony has a face of comical horror, dropping into the couch next to Steve. “Are you saying-? Did dad-?”
“Used to have your posters all over my room. Howard was a huge fan. There’s an entire warehouse full of his 'collection' of you.” Tony laughs. “He used to say things like you’d probably blush to your tips if you ever saw everything that they’d made about you, and that was his excuse for buying the most ludicrous shit. I’ll take you to see them someday, it’ll be a memorable trip.”
I’ve seen yet. Dunno where Fury could have dug you up either, but if he’s privy to that secret then maybe we would have something to talk about.” Tony levels him with a gaze, reading the confusion on his face. “You can’t
Mostly it’s punching bags that take the brunt of his fists, but there’s more than one hole in his wall that can attest to his roughhousing.
“What is
Steve snarls as the scent of another Omega wafts into the room, the soft click of the closing door sounds like a thunderous clap but that doesn’t stop him from baring his teeth to the door, fingers curled into claws.
back then, I’m not saying they didn’t but-”
Steve manhandles Tony into the master bedroom and lays down towels over the sheets. They aren’t effective, but it’s better than bleeding all over the bed.
There’s not much chance to think on in too much, not when Tony is back in the room, covering his body with his, as if to make up for lost time. He finds himself happy to think that way.
Tony knocks twice on the door, and the two Betas by the door can’t seem to hide their surprise that he’s still fully-clothed, reeks of Omega-Heat scent but fully-clothed nonetheless. He smirks at their reactions.
He’s still naked, at contrast to the clothed Alpha, and Steve does blush at the thought and averts his eyes from the Alpha’s hot gaze.
Steve blinks, because Cara had smelled a little
Clint’s scent turns electric charged. His usually smooth scent of breeze and wheat comes out almost burnt to Steve’s senses. “Underground. Mostly. It’s illegal but it sure as hell doesn’t stop a lot of people from getting their way.” Is a heavy inflection on people, enough that Steve has to wonder where Clint thinks he fits into the equation of ‘people’. “Hardcore traditionalist Alphas.” Clint grits out. “Who still think the Omegas are
“An alpha I met once at a bar.” Steve gives in.
Steve’s tempted to ask what was in it for Marlow. It almost sounds like
“All he did was tell me where the portable stove was!” Steve retorts, undignified.
UNKNOWN: [
He smiles, gets up to hug Tony instead of answering.
“Ha!” Clint points at his face, suddenly looks so gleeful. “Did you hear what he said?”
Tony swears they must have just gotten some adjectives and placed them on the pamphlet at random.
any Omegas that might be bored at the proceedings.”
“Good to know at least someone knocked dad down a peg. Christ, no wonder he never mentioned it
"Isn't that too soon?" Steve said, a bit annoyed. He knew that the Alpha was an impatient one but it was no good if he hurt himself even more.
“Listen, okay? This ain’t me giving up, just being… Realistic. I’m half-delirious right now so give me a break, okay?” Steve stares right at Bucky. “I got some money, from the mating blocks-”
“And that’s?”
“It’s not
“Thanks a lot, faggot, glad you understand sense.” They laugh and ride off with the bike, hooting and hollering.
“Alright. You can come. Pack anything you need. We leave tomorrow after we send off Thor and Loki.”
It’s kind of sweet, in a weird overbearing way, but he types back that everything is fine, his heat went about as well as he could hope for, and Tony wasn’t forcing him to do anything that he didn’t want to.
“He's this way.” Is the quiet prompt, Steve taking to following the man inside. He'd check around the house later, Tony was much more important, though he's curious as to Tony's friend.
“I think so?” Steve has to wonder why it was that Tony was going on and on about this. Yes, he understood that Wakanda had practically spat in the face of the war at the time, specifically at the America for handing over such a thing in the first place. Like handing over a candy wrapper to a hungry beggar, almost goading.
Not much to say except it's a flashback scene. Some dissonance from Steve's initial memories but I blame Steve's stubborness in this matter. I'm still delaying Steve and Tony's reunion, one more flashback chapter to be done before they see each other again, but soon.
. I’m
During the campaign, he’d travelled from state to state for brief stays with the USO gals in an attempt to rack up funds for the army. Someone had drawn up that schedule, cobbled together details on where they’d stay and what time they’d perform. There was a very set track he had to play to. And of course, all that careful planning had gone to the dogs when he’d rescued the hundred and seventh from Hydra’s prison.
With his territory checked, Tony rounds back towards Steve, shucking away his clothes while he does so. Clever fingers undo the buttons of his suit and undershirt, clothes discarded on the floor as he gets closer and closer to Steve.
Stevos takes a long, deep breath and looks at him. And for once, Tony can’t place the emotions there. Stevos, who is so easy to read, suddenly appears like a brick wall. No malice.  No anger. Just stands there while Tony collapses on the couch.
“Explain that to the agent who had to teach me how to use the internet for an hour.”
“If you say so.” The dark-haired boy replies with a shrug. “You got a name or what?” He suddenly demands, eyeing him.
“Stop being so dramatic.” Bucky scowls, but pulls Steve closer anyway. “You’re not going to get me to cry, you
“I’m real sorry ma’am for growling at you yesterday.” There’s no excuse for that kind of behavior, heat or no heat.
“Maybe.” Is all he can say, because who knows when he’ll be accompanying Tony anytime in the near future. He doesn’t even know what’s going to happen to him when he returns to S.H.I.E.L.D. Will he revert back into his old schedule? Running on the treadmill and resuming training from the two spies? His jaw tightens at the thought of that. It would be like pretending he’d never been out.
“My pleasure, Captain.” He can almost feel the smile in the AI’S voice. “Ah.” Comes the sound of surprise, and then almost uncertainty. “Sir has awoken. Would you like to speak with him?”
Steve blinks and looks at Tony’s frown. He's a bit pale from the blood loss and pain, but looks determined.
“Tell me about him.” Comes the quieter request, a repetition of earlier.
“I know you don’t.” Steve cuts him off sharply, not backing down. “Y’just moan and groan ‘bout the long night. Yer not bothered that I don’t work. But I am. I won’t just sit here and let you work your back out while be both slowly starve through the winter.”
His undershirt goes last, and then he’s bare for Stevos to touch, huge hot hands roaming over his chest, pauses between bruises. There’s a light touch to his throat, tipped just to the side, a low hum of approval yet he captures Tony’s chin between his fingers.
His fists clench over his lap, jaw held tight in disappointment. He’d thought the future would have found some solution to this, the hope he had had when he’d learned that mating blocks were better had made him thought that it was gone for good.
“Aww, baby Rogers gonna c-c-cry too?” The first kid mocks, quivers a lip right in front of him. They laugh and goad him, making faces as they surround him.
Steve doesn’t really see the significance of it but he hands over the phone.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Thought we were over me being a helpless ‘Mega.”
“I’ll come around during my heat. Won’t know until a week or so though, when slicking starts. I’m not exactly… Regular.” Yet another thing wrong with him.
It’s said in such a whisper that Steve’s heart nearly breaks with the fragility of it. His mind is a mess, barely able to make comprehensible thoughts with Tony so close and available, but he knows one thing for sure. That he could trust Tony to see him through this, with nothing but his best interests at heart.
“Yes?” He’s not sure why it’s such a fuss. “Said my heat was perfectly natural and healthy.”
. You tell me.”
He already had a whiff of him, difficult when his own senses were stronger than others thanks to the serum but this is different. He’s suddenly overwhelmed by Tony’s scent.
“I know.”
Of course, it could be the Heat talking (meddling), his hormones pushing the thoughts to bind because this Alpha was treating him so kindly.
She teaches him how to read their bodies, too far away to scent them for anything, it was better to gather information from afar and assess the situation first before closing in.
“I think Fury just wanted someone experienced to watch me.” Steve says in turn. He’s gone through a summary of Brock’s file. Only two years in SHIELD and he’s completed fifty successful ops, only one mission had gone awry and he’d requested immediate evacuation for his team. He’s never lost a man during a mission.  Steve has to say, he’s quite impressed.
“I know it’s a sensitive situation, a familiar face would have helped.” He can smells the concern from the Beta, Steve too downcast to look him properly in the eyes.
Enjoy, and thank you everyone for your comments and kudos.
"Never, Tony." Steve says, determined. "Whenever you need me, I'll be there."
He nods, tries to smile. Jitters, he thinks, but he smiles anyways.
Steve files that away for future reference.
“Yes, of course.” Steve grits out. The sooner it happens the better, wasn't it? Surely it would mean he wouldn't be so quick to toss aside if Tony didn't find him to his liking, the Claiming linking both Alpha and Omega in a mess of hormones. He'd never been claimed by Erksine, the Alpha had never tried, but the man had more than shown his love for Steve. Or at least, Steve has long since consoled himself to that. Erksine had never seemed like he wanted anything more from Steve than his company. Even when Steve had been young, the Doctor had always been kind and patient with him.
He supposes he should be thankful that his Ma was as unforgiving about his writing as she was with everything else, and he writes out the doctor’s messy prescription into neat legible lines with a pen. He’s thankful that he’s seen enough shorthand to understand the scribbles.
Clint kept them normally on the range, but surprised him once by taking him to the mats and handing him a knife.
“But then Stark was kidnapped. He came out of it with a suit of armor and a new collection of sensibilities. Later, he announced to the world that he was Iron Man.”
Tony strips Stevos’s cock efficiently until the god is also coming, semen spurting all the way to his chin, flecks of it covering his chest while the rest pools over his abs.
"Oh. Of course. Have a good nap." Steve says, getting up.
As always, thanks for the kudos, comments and bookmarks.
“Anthony.”
from one memory to the next, often leaving one drawing unfinished as the next demanded attention.
The pencil Happy got him (2B Faber Castell) along with the sketchbook had quickly turned into one of his most prized possessions. And for a while, he worried of what would happen once he’d scraped the pencil down.
Steve squirms in his seat, looking pointedly uncomfortable. Tony wasn’t fitting into any earlier presumptions he had made, and he was proving to be difficult to read. He must look as dejected as he feels because Tony eventually sighs.
Tony chuckles, a bubble of laughter into Steve’s chest. It turns Steve’s insides into jelly.
“I leave first thing tomorrow.”
“Mr. Stark gave instructions to make sure that you are as
The manager smiles warmly and nods. “See you tomorrow, Steve.”
“Tones!” Warmachine’s engines cut off, and the dull
So JARVIS hadn’t exactly trusted Sergeant Rhodes of his identity, not to that extent, despite the closeness of Tony and the Sergeant shared (“Oh, you’re gonna love Rhodey-Bear. He’s a huge fan, he did his thesis on you but don’t tell him I said that, I wanna see him hold in all his fangirl-stares.”).
“JARVIS, is there any way for me to take a picture of the sketch and show it to Clint?” He asks.
"Joined the Army at the age of twenty-one, was recruited by one Abraham Erksine for Project Rebirth. And with the help of Howard Stark, became the only known survivor of that strain of super-soldier serum."
“So, Jasper. Like I was saying. I’m getting the Omega tonight. Be a dear and facilitate that would you?”
A lot.
He can almost see the tick in his father’s jaw, the narrowed eyes, the usual amount of perception with everything he does, held underneath a microscope and examined, molecule by molecule.
“It was fine. I turned out an Alpha, high-level, like he wanted. Heaven forbid I present otherwise. Alpha, leader of the pack, heir to the Stark throne. It was perfect, wasn’t it?” (Steve hates that word.
“Now. Put your hand up, like Lion-o and say- Oh wait, you wouldn’t know that reference.” Steve throws him a face. “Just kidding. Don’t worry. Just put your fist in the air, yep, away from your face, and say ‘Shield activate’.”
Which was news to Steve. “Really?” Back then, an Alpha
People greet them halfway into the hall, or rather, greet Tony and then take notice of him. Their eyes looks him up and down, judging him where he stands, before a sidewards glance at Tony, like they're trying to measure them. He doesn’t think Tony notices (used to it, most likely), just looks delighted by their attention, starts and ends quick conversations.
Steve, not expecting the suspicion, tells him the truth. "JARVIS explained. Well, he didn't really tell me anything." Steve shrugs. "The, uh, science probably would have gone over my head but he gave a lot of reading material for the flight over."
“You’re off your game, after I was so impressed with how you handled handguns, even if you did hold it one-handed like a
With his other hand he reaches past his balls, into the wet trails of his hole, biting back a moan as he plays with the wet rim, bringing up his hand to further lube his cock with his own slick. His balls his heavy and wet, caught between his hard cock and sopping ass.
##########
##########
He tries the door but it's locked. Still, he doesn't lose hope. With new found determination, he climbs over the pilot controls, light flickering as the engine dies to malfunction.
The scent of Steve must finally reach him, because the Alpha stills, and then narrows in on Tony.
“I was just wondering if there was anything about Omega etiquette I should know.”
“Sir was able to have a five hour deep sleep cycle after you had brought him to his room. Prior to that, deep sleep had not been achieved, resulting to an average of four point seven hours of sleep within a thirty six hour time cycle, normally broken between five naps.”
“But you could have.” Steve insists, that twitch in his jaw that meant he was infuriated but withheld it.
"Tony…"
“So what, you just hang around wherever?” This was all amazing and it fed Tony’s curiosity, unless Tony was going insane then he was going to have to start worrying about imagining all this.
into an unknown circle.
With gloved fists, he punches the glass. The first form of cracks spur him on, thin spider webs against the darkness of water.
“Y’sure I don’t need the shield?”
“Not sure, I haven’t really been with an Omega since that time with the thing.” Tony remains purposefully vague. Somehow Steve can’t find as annoying as he normally would. It at least sounded like Tony wasn’t as affected by the scent as Steve was. So far Tony could still give out full sentences while Steve’s thoughts remained muddled. “No complaints from my end. I like your scent, I can admit that.”
Different.
Steve nearly jumps in surprise. “No. It’s alright.” There’s still another seat for Tony, and he’d feel awful if they’d hogged all the seats.
That might be all Captain America is good for, but Steve…
“Or what, Rogers?”
It should be easy to fall right back. Stevos should be mad at him. Tony shouldn’t be so desperate for Stevos. But it works.
James is an older kid, with dark hair and mean eyes. Eleven years old, already starting to show what orientation he falls under. The nuns say he’ll be an Alpha, on the count that he’s already five-two and still growing. James thinks it means that he gets to boss the other kids around. Steve thinks he’s just a big jerk.
The Alpha raises a brow but doesn’t comment, takes a bite out of the top sandwich, brows rising even further. “Pretty good, kid.” Brock says, before he demolishes the rest of it and goes for another. Steve quietly pushes a glass of orange juice for him as well, before he tucks into his own sandwich, savoring the meal for all it’s worth. He might have made more than enough due to his own hunger, but it’s a nice warm feeling that the Alpha eats so enthusiastically.
Steve does this now and seizes the hitch in Tony’s breath and turns it into his own, lets the slow shock of emotion settle in as he rubs a soothing hand over Tony’s arms. ‘
Steve’s jaws tighten, hyper aware of the fact that Tony was halfway off his seat, trying to tower over him. Steve’s eyes go half-lidded, a frown on his lips as he sinks in his seat.
to talk to about sex, just to know if stuff’s normal or not. You do watch porn, right?”
“Like, the voice that makes even
“It was a nightmare.” Steve admits. There's no point alluding to it, he knows it's there. He still remembers the first night he woke up like this, drenched in sweat, confused and too cold to move. As far as he knew, he didn't normally have them for too long, or at least S.H.I.E.L.D. hadn't noticed or thought much of it.
Holy hell, it's been 3 months?!?!?!! I was so sure it hadn't been 2 but then 3 snuck up my ass. Same old same old, work has been tiring, just need time to write between all the fic ideas but this one was like a month of thinking, and then another month of writing. I hope people are still interested in this, I believe I should be building up traction for the upcoming chapters too.
Anyway, hopefully I can get back on schedule this week. Enjoy some smut. Actual story progression will continue next chapter.
He maintains the schedule for about a week.
“No. I can’t be.” He says firmly. And then thinks to
Finally, it seemed he was finished deliberating. “The last time Mr. Stark had exhibited similar signs of distress was when he had first returned from Afghanistan. It was seventy three days before Sir could sleep for over five hours, and another fifty five before he stopped awaking to nightmares.”
Frank’s seems pleased with himself for receiving an offhand compliment. “He’s just watching out for ya. He’s your friend, ain’t he?”
“So that two week vacation in California was-”
There’s a longing look in Stevos’s eyes, one that makes Tony’s insides ache, a pain that has nothing to do with the arc reactor. “Was that what you did? An ultimate sacrifice?”
Tony doesn’t move, not exactly, supports Steve weight and takes him wholeheartedly.
“Wow, okay, no wonder you're pissed.” Clint finally says. “First of all.
Stevos is plainly dressed, a smooth white shirt that is deviously stretched along the plains of his chest, and pants that do nothing to hide the perfect form under them. There’s a tired expression on his face, bags under his eyes.
But Clint’s the only Omega in the base he trusts enough to actually give him a straight answer, rather the carefully padded and diluted explanations he gets from his psychiatrist.
“So, how's that big project you’re working on?”
He considers taking Clint’s bed instead, but then Clint whines and Steve finds himself with a very handsy Clint who’s determined to pull him into bed.
But there were still remarkable differences between tending a bullet wound, and injuries caused by going into a space worm’s mouth and blasting it from inside out.
Steve blinks. Slowly, he moves just the slightest towards Tony, who maintains a stoic gaze on the door handle.
To be fair, he’s had four of the six bottles of vodka all by himself (This does not make him alcoholic, Natasha insists).
“How long has it been since he’s had a decent night's rest?”
“Compassion is sometimes a quick death, to those already suffering from sickness.” Stevos points out, tugging sharply at Tony’s bandage.
Iron man suit taken apart, he decides to check if Stevos is still around, then he stops.
Steve answers by withdrawing until only Tony’s head in his mouth, and tongues the sensitive bundle of nerves between the head and shaft that has Tony groaning in pleasure. His boxers are ruined at this point, slick-drenched and sticky, clinging to his ass, cock hard where it’s confined still. Sweet torture.
There’s desire in Tony’s eyes, one that sends electricity racing through Steve’s spine and he knows he’d made the right choice. He half-expects Tony to take him right there, on bended knees. Steve would have gone willingly, his body would have reacted to the Alpha’s touches and followed suit.
His own cock is hot and heavy on his stomach, already hard, the heat in his belly brought to a simmer when Tony adds in another finger and
He imagines this is what a vacation feels like, the sense of adventure and intrigue, enjoying the local scene as much a tourist would.
Steve smiles, runs his hands over Tony’s collar, enjoy the little hitch in his breath and quickening heartbeat. “You were going into Fight, it was the least I could do.”
Yinsen fixes him up as best he can, and Tony fights the dizziness the threatens behind his eyes, but they both know that Tony can’t give what Raza wants, not with the amount of time he’s been pouring into the suit.
“Good. Can’t wait.”
say something about not being a virgin.” Tony says thoughtfully. He dips his hand onto Steve’s back, massaging the little spot between his shoulder blades with nimble fingers, the spot he knows would have Steve moaning within seconds.
of the arc reactor.
He opens one tired eyed and frowns.
“Yeah, yeah, I know that. What I meant to say was that J told me you were asking if it was possible for you to have your own house. So, were you planning to move somewhere?”
There's a silence as Steve makes his way to the door. Hesitation as he looks back. "Can I just… Hug you before I leave?"
“The best.” Tony lets it hang there, and Steve doesn’t press, sensing a memory drawn by it.
“Why’d you call me down here, Tony.” Steve pushes, a smile on his face when Tony noticeably deflates. Doesn’t stop the Alpha from unscrewing a bottle and taking a long sip from it.
The drawing of Tony on his sketchpad is just as the Tony in real life. Strewn on the sofa, loose fitting clothes, a blanket that barely clung to his body, toes peering from underneath. Curled in tight, appearing smaller than he already look against the bundles of cloth around him. His face lacked the serenity of sleep, Steve had drawn him with the slightest twitch on the brow, lips turned down in a frown, neck turned to the side for comfort.
Steve doesn’t really think he should ask if she thinks she’s still nice, or if she’s doesn’t. It springs up, but he has a feeling he shouldn’t really get too attached to anyone around here, no matter their intentions.
“-get off on something like that. Watch us-”
By the end of it, she managed to land five hits (according to Hawkeye) on him and incapacitated him once while he only hit her three times (Four, but he was not going to count when she pretend to be unconscious just so that she could wrap her legs around his neck into another submission hold). There had been little hope to pin her down, not with the way she maneuvered herself. It was humbling in a way, and frustrating in others.
“You can’t just blow off a meeting for me.” Steve mutters, frowning.
it off the internet. Safe search
Hot breath in his ear, Steve shudders, a lick to his ear and soft whines from Tony. And that breaks him the most, because even like this, of course Tony would still ask for permission.
Tony blows out a laugh. “Is that what he told you?”
Steve doesn’t understand the amount of trust given to him, something he so clearly hasn’t earned, suddenly given to him without preamble. He looks to Tony again, sleeping, curled underneath the blanket, face relaxed. Not in peace, Steve realizes, but in the blankness of dreamless sleep, a welcomed respite if Steve has to guess of the man’s night terrors.
“Still so tight, even though you must have fucked yourself silly on that dildo.” His Alpha whispers into his ear, thrusting with practiced movements that have them both moaning.
The first couple of weeks are rough to say the least. For the first time since the serum, Steve finds himself free.
to kill him.” And by
After all, it’s not like he’s got much time left anyway.
Steve lays still, the sniffing continues, until the Alpha pulls the blanket all the way back. Steve tries to struggle, but the Alpha is rough with his handling, practically yanks the sheets away from Steve’s grip.
“Please, p-please, please. I-I-I’ll be really r-r-really good. I-I won’t get s-s-sick a-any-m-more, I p-pr-romise.” He wails.
Steve smiles, bringing along the bowl of beef broth he'd prepared. "I made us some dinner."
Clint snorts. “Yeah, right. I heard about your little outburst, scared that Agent shitless. Proud of you, kid.”
##########
“Hello.” Steve says in a small voice, staring at the piece of blanket on George’s bed.
“So it’s a weapon.”
As gently as he can, he resettles Tony on the couch, hefts the rest of his body further into the paddings and uses the pillows to barricade him further. Tony squirms through the process, fighting against every movement until Steve let’s him be. He deflates, sinking into slumber, breath slowing down until Steve’s sure he won’t wake for a while.
There’s silence for a while, Steve can hear Tony’s breath over the phone. “I miss you.” Breaks the silence, Tony’s voice cracks over the line.
Steve nods.
He frowns at that. He’d never claimed to be
“Jerk.”
##########
“Truthfully, he is still recovering from his injuries. He has accepted medical treatment, but refuses to be confined to a hospital.” A moment of hesitation, before JARVIS goes on. “If it is not too much to ask Captain, if you could come visit sir and talk some sense into him? I believe it would help.”
There’s still that bitterness that bites at his heart at the mention of his old man, lingering pieces of broken memories that deem themselves appropriate to dwell in his mind.
Bucky stares at him, gray eyes tired as ever. Steve knows it’s unfair of him to unload it all to Bucky like this, but he sees no other way.
“I’m not safe, okay? Fuck. I can’t be here. Not when everyone looks at me like they think I’ll explode or something.”
. You are my Patron, not them, they barely hold a candle to your flame! Why must you be so stubborn?!” Stevos is right up to his face, fingers curled over his breastplate. Anger, pain, frustration, illuminated by the light of his arc reactor.
Clint sighs, and shuffles back just enough so that his back is touching Steve’s chest. Of course, Omegas seek contact whenever they’re hurt, which Steve takes as a good sign and wraps his arm around Clint’s body again.
Her face turns pleasant, eyes brightening up, and Steve has a feeling she’s been doing this her entire life. She’s remarkably put together in ways that can speak from experience, a soft undertone of Omega beneath a floral perfume. He takes the extended hand and shakes it, smiling shyly.
He finds himself with a new phone (Stark Phone 2). Steve is upset (pouts) for a total of five minutes before Tony takes pity on him and explains the features. Apparently he can write emails and use the internet on his phone instead of his laptop, everyone else does it that way, Tony insists.
Cock spitting out pre-cum, he leaves the dildo to it’s work and takes himself in hand, stroking his hard cock with a shaky hand. He rubs the head viciously, slathering slick and cum all over his hand as he arches into his own grasp.
##########
He decidedly suffers in silence, stubbornly clenches his jaws shut even as a moan threatens to fight it’s way through his lips. He wrangles off his clothes, winces when his cock juts forth at the removal of his underwear, painfully hard.
“He never went to sleep, sir.” The tattletale. “I believe he’s been sulking this entire time.”
And Steve understands that perfectly fine. People staring, waiting for him to breakdown, walking on needles in front of him like he was a ticking time bomb and they were all incredibly interested to see what color he would explode into.
“Help the civilians. You are not at a hundred percent right now.” He grunts, even while he narrowly avoids a drone headed straight for him. “It’s less for me to worry about. Take out the drones on the ground, make sure everyone gets out alive. That’s an order, soldier.”
He had heard nasty rumors about the mating block in Brooklyn, had been scared out of his wits when he’d first gone in. But heats were unbearable unless you could afford the drugs that helped you maintain some
He’s wet between the legs too, feels the arousal build while Tony takes his time, kneeding and stroking his cock, his eyes never quite leaving Steve.
##########
Vaguely, he’s reminded of when his dad used to do these Expos himself. Back when it was a huge event, and the Stark family had to be present as a unified front, or at least until the pictures were taken and Howard needed to talk to other people more important than his family.
But he also knows Alphas like an Omega in heat, especially a bitch begging to be bred.
“Woah, something really must have set you off today. Even I can smell all that repressed anger, and I’m used to Natasha.”
Steve refuses to admit that his heart flutters. “For my benefit or yours? I ain’t an easy fella, people might get the wrong idea.”
“Tony.” He breathes out, and the Alpha’s eyes snap to his, darker than they had been. “I’m suppose to take you to your room. Will you let me?”
“For this, you’re gonna want them hard.”
Fight or flight, that was what it came down to, and most of the Alphas stood their ground and fought, ‘til their pride became the death of them, along with their squad.
Stevos bites his lip. “I cannot.” There’s resignation in his voice.
They didn’t speak for a couple of days after that, but Steve was finally well enough to try and find a job, did get one at a pharmacy as an assistant clerk on the count of his writing and mathematics, and that went on for a while. But he’d never forget the clear disgust that had been on Bucky’s face.
It wouldn’t hurt to miss a morning run, Steve thinks.
“You knew this would happen.”
, I’ll show you what it’s like to be with a
“Glad that you could join the party. You missed it by the way, it was a blast.” He laughs at his own joke, motions at the wreck that is his home.
’ but emphasized on permission and place, the do-er casting themselves to the lowest position and humbly asking. It was a child’s gesture, because children didn’t present yet, didn’t quite know what was allowed or not, so if they wanted to ask nicely for something, they’d have to do the gesture. As the child matures, they’d understand what was allowed and base their decisions from there, and thus abandon the innocent gesture.
“Yes, Sister Catherine.”
Eventually, when the day has burned down, and the night has crept on him, he finds his way back to whichever motel they’re staying at.
Steve straps it to his wrists. The watch looked well-crafted, chrome and heavier than he expected it to be. He wriggles it on his wrists and then is surprised when it whirs and then suddenly resizes to fit perfectly on his wrist.
When he’s said all he has to say, he feels more tired than ever, more exhausted than he thinks he has been in a long long time. But it feels like a step in the right direction, as daunting as it sounds, towards a direction. He hates being lost, and now he wants to find his way again. He wants to be
Tony only shrugs, adjusts himself on the bed and props his head with a curled around, studying Steve.
“Of course, Mr. Stark.” Jasper nods, and then looks pained. “But I must insist. His papers have to be transferred to your name still, as well as the rest of his registration, along with his permits. I can have them expedite it all, of course. Grease the wheels, if you catch my drift, but it would still take a few hours at best.”
“WHAT?! Really?”
She had set him down one day, wiped away the tears from his cheeks and told him that it wasn't his fault. "If only I could have given you a stronger body." She told him as she hugged him tight. "I love you my darling boy, it isn't your fault. We can get through this."
The Alpha lounges on the chair like he owns the place (does he?), eyes quickly flickering up to meet his when he entered. Steve keeps his face neutral, or as neutral as can be. For all the research and insight that Natasha may have given him, he still couldn’t get an exact foothold on the Alpha in front of him. There were too many insults from the internet, and it seemed even Natasha had some mixed reviews on him. (Iron Man, yes. Tony Stark, no.)
It isn’t long before Tony is babbling, begging for attention to his cock. He’s so hard that it hurts, his balls straining for release, and the god has barely touched him.
When they break away they’re both panting, staring into each other’s eye as they catch their breath.
He thinks venomously, even while he digs into the meal he’d prepared for the both of them. It’s not even anything really fancy, just a hunk of pork, boiled and made into stew over the stove with a few vegetables he managed to beg off Mr. Stiles. His mom had always been good at making a good meal out of ordinary food, even it were from scraps. It’s still the best meal they’ve had in weeks, at least it’s warm and fills their bellies, fends of the cold that creeps into the house even with boarded windows. Bucky doesn’t just
“What’s that?”
“'M not saying it’s good. Already said it was all fucked up. I don’t have all the answers, can’t speak for people who're too proud to admit when they’re in the wrong but.” Clint frowns. “For other Omegas, it’s not the worst choice.”
At the beginning, he had classified Tony as just another Alpha, one to get him through his heat, who’d just let him be when it was all over. Some Alphas were addicted to the high of an Omega below them, the natural domination that would come from heat sex. It was easy to take when the Omega was so willing to give, desperation running high during the period.
"I get it. Even though the most eligible Alpha three-years-running just proposed to you." Tony jokes, but Steve can smell the tangy nervousness of his scent. "I've been thinking about the future, more so than usual. And one without you isn't one I'm considering." Tony is determined with this. "There are so many things I want change, no,
“I’ll come visit you, every Sunday, just like I promised.” She hesitates. “I love you so much, baby boy, and you might not understand it right now but I’m doing this for your own good. Can you be a sweetie for Mama and go with the men? Until she can explain everything?”
, may I have your shield do that I can make it better than it already is, which makes it actually more useful to you so it would be
When he finally allows JARVIS to run diagnostics on his arc reactor, it’s not good news. The palladium core, the very thing powering the arc reactor and keeping him alive, was slowly poisoning him.
He sighs and shakes his head, curls to sleep still in his SHIELD clothes.
Steve chuckles and respectfully returns to his sketching, a half-done drawing of Dummy, mostly due to the amount of plating and wires on the little robot. Half-done because, for a robot, Dummy can’t seem to stay in one pose for longer than a minute, so Steve has taken to drawing him in freeform.
“She makes me feel safe.”
“OKAY! Steve Rogers, Phil Coulson.” He points from Steve to the Agent. “Super Agent, Captain America. I’ve done my duty, bye.” And with that he marches away in a brisk pace.
“Not sure if I should be thanking the man who taught you to suck cock or feel jealous that I didn’t get to teach you myself. You would have been a wonderful student.” The Alpha looks at him now, dark-eyed and red-cheeked, hunger that Steve recognize, that must be reflected in his own eyes. “That’s it, sweetheart. I know you love sucking cock. Don’t try to deny it, you do it so well, so fucking earnest to please. Damn eager to have it down your throat.” Steve groans around the cock, sucking harder, bobbing faster. “What I’d do to have you in my office, definitely would make time there a lot more interesting. The number of times I’ve imagined you under my desk, blowing me in the middle of the day, just the threat of someone bursting in and finding us. Made me pop a boner one too many times. Just like that, baby. So good, making me feel so damn good. Would you like that someday?”
So he lets the week pass by, trying to bat away at the nervousness he feels growing everyday.
There’s disbelief, and then shame, before Tony seems to realize their proximity and promptly jumps back as if burned. “Fuck. That’s not.” Tony cuts off, breathing hard. “That’s not what I meant, and you know it. If you want to throw it away, it’s fine. The phone is yours, I gave it to you.” He says, calmer by a margin.
Impatient fingers find their way to the hem of Tony’s shirt as Steve leans forward, burying his nose to the crook of Tony’s neck where his scent is strongest. A burst of fresh dirt, roses and steel, underlain beneath the smell of soap and shampoo, underlain beneath the smell of soap and shampoo. He groans as he is surrounded by it, something deep inside him flaring to life, demanding to be set free. He presses his lips to Tony’s neck, noting the groans from the Alpha as he sucks and kisses along skin.
“Excuse me?” Steve’s voice hits a peak, good-natured still but he shoots Frank a sideways glare just for good measure, just cos he knows Frank likes it when he thinks he’s surprised Steve somehow.
“Compare them to you. You know that-
He’s still typing out a draft on his phone when the Beta comes rushing on, huge smiles on his face. “Mr. Stark. You’ll be happy to know that I’ve prepared your Omega for you.”
“Everyone. Jesus, you are so hopeless.” Clint slurs, making a grab for his drink and missing completely, instead utters a groan as he splays on the counter.
Steve gulps. There was no underlying tone, no hint of aggression, but he’s still wary. Living with an Alpha was- Back in his day, it would have meant something different, and people would look at you different too.
’ His actions whisper.
There’s yelling, and Tony startles as the sounds get closer, curling behind the suit in some semblance of cover.
“I see you liked my little present. I’m going to have to build a better one for next time.” the whisper of a voice he knows on his ear, warm breath tickling his neck.
“Yes, sir.”
He sighs in the bath, scrubbing the rest of his body down, turning pink cheeked at the memory of earlier while he reaches between his legs. Tony’s eyes, dark and looming, promising wicked things while he touched him. He rubs between his cheeks, where the slick had gathered, and pinks further, his cock decidedly taking interest in those thoughts.
“And your flight is…?”
The look on Steve’s face, the disappointment, the hurt. Just the memory of it stirs some instinctual Alpha reflex in him to want to console him, even now, when he knows that Steve is probably watching TV and browsing through Brock’s Netflix catalog.
“Tony, what are you doing?” Obie hisses, grabbing Tony’s arm but Tony shakes it off.
Tony. Tony, he thinks. He hadn’t been all there. Not earlier. He remembers being undressed. Being kept in a box. Being lathered and presented, but not much else. There’s a gap somewhere, of bright lights and blurred sounds, and then darkness. And then Tony.
Natasha casts Clint a sympathetic look, turns to Steve. “Today’s progress was good. That’s one hideout down, the rest we can hunt until they scatter like rats.” Sounds like a promise. Or a mission.
“Brock.” The Alpha had introduced himself, shaking his hand firmly with a smile. “Glad to see we get Captain America on this op.” He says, the first time they meet.
Natasha’s expression doesn’t change. “I did.”
Steve for all the meaning of the word, like he was just a thing to be passed back and forth. A night, a week, a month, it wasn’t uncommon to throw it up as an acceptable trade, especially when food was scarce and supplies were few. It wasn’t always that bad, a handful of times because even back then people knew it was something of a bad practice, but he knows it hadn’t been a far sentiment from Hardline Alphas in the military, their gaze roaming and near unfolding.
The Stark Expo is his attempt to leave his genius as his legacy, a celebration of the technology that is, and has yet to come.
“I did kiss him after when Bucky finally let him go. All I thought was what a poor guy, messing with a couple of punks from Brooklyn, didn’t even think it through.” Steve sighs out, it’s happy and relieved.
“Jarvis? How long has Tony been awake?”
But it’s nice, he thinks, as he keeps an eye on Clint while he plays darts to impress people. It’s nice to just hang around with others, make small conversations and get to know them.
“Would you believe this place? Passing off a
The Vanko debacle only tightens the cord. Among the wreckage, he feels more vulnerable than ever.
“Are you sure I can’t persuade you come with me and Banner to the tower? You’d be free from SHIELD surveillance.”
“Sure, I could go for some brinner.” Tony says, cradling his cup and taking another sip before he stares suspiciously around the lab. “So you found the hot plate I see.”
Steve’s never been too fond of dogs, on the count of their fur irritating his nose and triggering a bout of asthma since he was a kid. With the serum, he’d just never bothered, there were more things to think about than owning a pet.
There’s the sound of sad gear winding down, and tottering away into the deeper recesses of the couch.
There. Done. JARVIS could do the rest, forward the changes to his lawyers and make it airtight.
“Which reminds me. I’ve got this gala-charity thing on Saturday, wanna make it a little less boring and be my plus one? I can promise good food.”
There’s no room for protest because Stevos is suddenly kissing him, and Tony won’t say no to that. He’s barely aware of the wet finger that circles his rim, gently probing until the muscle gives and a single hot finger pushes inside of him.
So Steve does, though he doesn’t think that the watch really does anything at this point.
at him. “Oh my god, you are precious. News flash, Cap, over half the country has
Steve moans in response, nosing against the Alpha’s scent, pushing his entire body to the Alpha’s for attention. He whines when the Alpha pulls away, blinking teary blue eyes for the lost contact.
“Oh. Some, oh, odd years, it doesn’t help to count.” She says. “It’s good money.
“Oh don’t listen to her, she’s enjoys the charade way to much.” The other Omega calls out, rolls his eyes at the pair of them. “
“I’m sorry. I couldn’t tell if you were still feral or not.” He supplies.
Steve’s jaw tightens at the Alphaic display. Tony with his (gorgeous) puffed up chest, shoulders hunched forward to look intimidating, arms flexing like he’s ready to hold Steve down if he protested any further. Right, Alphas weren’t very keen on letting their Omega alone unless it was truly needed during Heat, instinct compelling them to stay close to a potential mate.
There's a huff. Then a quieter sigh. "Yeah, come on in."
That only seems to confuse Stevos. “You never called?”
Steve all but collapses where he lays, like he’d run for days, non-stop. Tingles of afterglow as Tony continues to touch, in languid fascination. He follows the contours of Steve’s body, like mapping him out piece by piece, strong fingers that feel sure and solid. Steve doesn’t miss the fact that Tony is also smearing their come together, a heated mess over his chest and neck, his face is already very sticky. “I need another shower.”
"No." Tone curt. "I'm not. Like Steve. It's really fucking hard to tell you every detail after almost being burned to ash. Could you just not be like this right now?" The heart rate monitor's beeps steadily increase.v
“It pays well.” Steve insists, even if he has to hide the shudder from the memory of that Alpha nosing against his neck, all instincts screaming at him to pull away but he doesn’t. “It’s just gonna be a few times, just to get us through.”
“It’s not that hard to assume.” Steve bristles. “Why else would you come looking? I saw you hanging around the Pharmacy, taping your foot out and waiting-”
“Okay. If you’re sure.” Tony says pointedly, and looks at him for a moment, waiting for Steve to change his mind.
“Okay, you get to call me Bucky. And I get to call you Stevie.” Bucky announces, very official like with his hands over his chest. Steve has to wonder at his confidence, if anything.
“He’s purring.” Andrew says in wonder when he scratches Steve’s scalp, sending a tendril of pleasure down his neck and shivers on his spine. His mind feels oddly blank, not the same kind of numbing emptiness like in Heat, filled with only desire and wants, but simply… Odd and calm.
So Steve drew him now as he remembered, from a worm’s eye, slumped against the metal like he was used to it, lax in a way that Steve hadn’t seen Clint be before. His arms lined with bunched muscle that would have made his younger self jealous, at the same time he would have been unable to tear his gaze from them. The artist in him loved the human form, every contour and dip of muscle, fat and wrinkle was like texture and personality on the page.
Tony grimaces. “Didn’t think so.” He then pauses, and looked just about ready to explain but then takes a good look at Steve. (Perfect brown eyes.) “Are you sure you can understand?”
Steve has to hold back a laugh. “You’re nice. Bucky ain’t
“Sir, with all due respect, we aren’t exactly
“Fine specimen, don’t get me wrong. You probably have the closest
He hadn’t been lying to Rhodey. The adrenaline, the excitement of flying again, fear of death, his heart in his throat, it exhausted him. He’d been ready to crash into bed were it not for Stevos.
“What? My hard-on? I’m not even half-mast yet.”
Tony chuckles and Steve cranes his neck and smiles along with him. It’s a sketch of Dummy in his charging station, the only time he’d keep still, drawn in strong bold lines and thoughtful detail.
“Here.” Steve provides helpfully, pushing a mug of coffee into Tony’s hand, which he gratefully takes, moaning right into the cup.
Tony owns the condominium. His name is on the deed, paid by his own money with little help from his dad, who had scoffed at him for making the purchase in the first place. He lives in the penthouse of the seven storey building, and makes some cash by being the landlord. It was convenient. Close to Cornell U. In a quaint neighborhood with other condominiums nestled together, a small grocery within walking distance and decent food around. Howard had only begrudgingly
“Fathers are often harsh on their children, especially if they are their only child.” Stevos nods with understanding. “He must have seen so much of him in you, when you were younger.”
Tony shuffles him into his arms, as much as the space would allow. “Oh baby no, hush now, it’s okay. You’re a big boy now, you can go driving and shopping by yourself.”
It’s like he hadn’t been gone at all. Except he has, and Tony aches for him. He kisses Stevos like a drowning man, no finesse and drinks him in like his life depended on it. A desperate rut of cock on cock, hard pressure and heated skin all at once.
“Don’t get snippy with me, boy.” Howard’s voice stern in the hallway, walk kept to a brisk pace as they make their way to the viewing room. “I’ve talked to your mother about this, and she agrees that it’s time that you had a
It feels good on his tongue, thick and heavy, a taste that is purely Stevos assaults his senses, and he likes the weight of it on his tongue.
“Oh, Tony, we've been wondering when you’d show up to these parties again. They’ve been
.” Tony hisses.
Tony holds it, sturdily in tight hands. Steve swears he can see his eyes glaze over for a moment, taking note of the shield and flipping it over to look at it.
He screams with pain, hand cupping the wound, blood quickly stains his tattered pants. He grits his teeth through the aftershocks, body starting to go in shock.
Steve just couldn’t condone that, thousands of lives lost, just because an Alpha couldn’t admit that retreat was an option.
“First of all, I’d like to say that it is an honor, to be speaking with you. I’ve been a fan of your work for as long as I can remember.”
“And fuck, okay, I get it. Where you probably misunderstood me, because like I said, I’m an actual asshole who can’t get his head on straight for forever, barring minor pockets of time where maybe I might think I’ve done something good but then it all comes crashing down in a heap.”
“I know. I
“He sounds like a good man.” Steve smiles, catching the warm expression on Tony’s face, soft and mellow.
Stevos has shrunk, that is what Tony concludes, and what his brain decides to catalogue this phenomenon. Gone are the perfect edges that would make underwear models weep, instead there small curves that
Steve huffs. “You can’t tell me-”
“No hospital.” Tony quickly interjects. It’s weird, his leg doesn’t feel as bad anymore, it can’t have been more than an hour. “I’ll take a cheeseburger though, and have Pepper schedule a statement for the press.”
##########
strength, have them suddenly cautious about this outsider?”
“Am I worth that much?”
Bucky’s way of apologizing. It makes Steve both guilty and irritated, but he lets the guilt win this time, allowing the slower prod until Bucky seems about as happy as he can be during Steve’s post-heat mortem.
##########
, his mind supplies.
“Sure, I am deeply
##########
"Yes." Tony nods excitedly.
Steve hasn’t been on a plane since-
“It’s nothing.”
"Which also leads the third thing… I'm going to quit being Iron Man."
“See? He’s fine with me. Prettier too when he smiles.”
Brock shrugs it off. “Just so you know, you’re terrible at being an Alpha.” But he grins nonetheless and pushes himself off the table. “I’ll be at the gym if you need me. Keep the doors locked, windows shut, and leave all the cooking to Steve.”
Rage boils deep in his gut, his grip tightens on the tumbler. He throws it away in frustration, uncaring that it would break.
Omega, because Omegas were seen as these fragile things who wouldn’t be able to keep up if the work got too tiresome.
“That there’s a god of Thunder?”
Tony (
Steve raises a brow,
“Y-You gots a-another name?”
“Wait. Do you even know what high-level means? It was in your file but.”
The mangled carcass of the beast that Obadiah deems to call a suit lays burnt on Stark Industries property.
Even Steve has only ever seen the gesture done by an adult once.
“Tony, is that really you?”
"The world doesn't need someone like me playing commander. Fuck, I couldn't even get my life straight without Pepper running it." Tony sighs. "That's the bottom line. People around me get hurt when I play the superhero. I'm just not cut out for that gig anymore. Who was I kidding?" Tony looks downcast, staring at his blanket-covered lap.
He made a small grave for Bucky when he lost him, just a mound of dirt covered in snow, a cross carved out from a dead tree placed on top. They couldn’t find the body, and couldn’t risk the extra day digging through the ice to look for him, not when they were getting reports that HYDRA had something big planned and it was coming together fast.
But he gets wet anyway, shame heavy at the back of his mjnd, when Andrew twists fingers into his ass and he gets slicker by the moment, cock even twitching in interest.
“Your ‘sorry’ doesn’t help me, does it.” He spits back, almost regretting his tone when Stevos flinches back but otherwise says nothing.
with his hands.
##########
Not to mention. A killer jawline and tidy short-cropped blonde hair, blue eyes that should be impossible, and plump lips that tempt even the straightest man to kiss.
But Tony isn't just anyone, and he cared more than he let on.
“Steve. Lovely to meet you, ma’am.” He answers dutifully, smiling at her. She’s an Alpha, and the tall man hanging off her arm is a Beta judging by his scent, though profusely covered with cologne that gave off an Omega tinge to it. He has to wonder about that.
. “Most people would try to tell me something that my father would have told me about Captain America.”
When he’d left Tony there in his penthouse after the Chitauri attack, left him there for Pepper, he promised himself that he wouldn’t get between them.
There’s always a quip, a sense of familiarity, that Tony
“It’s was months of tracking the beast, forging our way through mountains and fields, a trail of destruction wherever it went. A Hydra with eight heads.” Stevos says scathingly. “Many men died that day, good men, and many more died in the days after. But eventually we won it somehow, drove a pike right into it’s chest, and buried it in stone and gravel until we were sure that it was dead. Bucharus died, to make sure it wouldn’t rise again.”
He’s getting back into the groove of things, his shield feels good in his hand, and the missions give him purpose.
He knows what a man sounds like when he’s minutes for death and they’re still days from the nearest medical station. He knows what it feels like to dig his fingers in the dirt, in some semblance of a grave, because no one else would. Because the dogs would get the body before the Nazis could. Because a dead body stinks and it would compromise their position.
His understanding of tonight’s events are vague at best but… Abraham is gone now. He fights back a sob but it comes loose, gurgling in his throat and bubbling right through his mouth as the sound melds together with the drops of water hitting the floor. He pauses for a moment, hand on the cold tile wall for support, shivers that have nothing to do with the cold water, as he freezes up and let’s the sob work it’s way through his system.
There’s a scuffle by the door, low voices and angry rumbles, it shakes Steve out of slumber. He pulls the sheets in closer, even as the door opens and closes.
Steve’s first few days were always the worst, where his body demanded more and more sex. Tony’d barely been away from his side for the past couple of days, indulging the Omega’s need, and getting him rehydrated when there was time to spare.
This room. It smells the most like Tony, he wonders about that. There’s no bed, but there’s a desk, a lounge chair of some sort, scattered items on the floor, papers and folders at seemingly random. Metal and steel, in strange twisted shapes. Steve blinks, and settles himself on the chair.
Again, thanks so much for the comments and kudos, really means a lot to me. Nearly late again, in fact I had to hangout at my favorite cafe to make the deadline this week. Work has been busy but nothing I can't manage.
Stevos only blinks and frowns. “Did I do something to offend you?”
It seemed almost… Dream like to think that Tony wanted him too. Part of him was still in disbelief. An Alpha like Tony (?!) taking a liking to him? Probably wouldn’t have even looked at him twice before.
She doesn't seem all that perturbed by his lack of further answer and continues on.
This. Well, this part Steve didn’t know. Annie carefully lays it out for him. “I wouldn’t judge you for not wanting it, it’s risky business even though we haven’t had an incident yet. Our Alpha clients come looking for a…
“I’ll get the paperwork done, Steve.”
##########
“Just stay still. Now say ‘return’.”
He finally shows his surprise.
“That was that one time!”
“It was her idea.” Howard says calmly.
##########
Tony’s bring him back (from where?), making him aware of the tears that stream from his eyes, and the strangled whines he’d been tuning out had been coming from him. Tony’s running his hands on his face, wiping away the streaks of tears as he pants for breath.
. And of course the large bed in the middle of it all.
“I meant, yeah, I agree that someone should probably check up on me, the armor’s getting really heavy, but like hell-”
Still, it made him feel like a fool, standing in front of actual men who’d fought on the field, those who have seen actual horrors. It had taken
Tony stands, mind made up. “Five hundred thousand.”
Pepper’s eyes flash, and this time he can see the twitch of her palm.
Hollow laughter. “Then get your ass over here, soldier. Being stuck in bed sucks. Having you here would make it much
it. The thoughts stutter in his mind, but he extends his hand anyway, lets Frank put it on and looks at it when it's on his wrist. It's a neat little thing, the band thin and doesn't look ridiculously on his wrist like most other jewelry would.
“I’ll… I think I’ll skip with that, Maam. Thank you for the offer.” He says without wavering.
“Well then, I’m here to tell you that you haven’t tried all of them. Check Howard’s previous files. You might just find what you’re looking for.”
Steve takes a shuddering breath. He knows that look. It’s the look his Ma gets when she’s made up her mind and there’s no arguing with her.
The information is stripped down as is. Name, age, gender, height (as if that mattered to Steve), weight, occupation, and then bullet points of either personality traits or other information. Steve wasn’t sure how he was suppose to have scrutinized any of them alone, but then remembered that Phil Coulson was suppose to go over them with him.
“What
Surprisingly, he finds that he means that.
“It means I’m going to pass a report to Fury and make you an actual SHIELD agent.”
“For what?” Comes out too sharp.
“But look, it says ‘
Steve huffs, the blush persisting. “I told you I liked you.”
And that’s how he ends up flying a chest full of Howard’s thing back home sealed conveniently and utterly without any other instructions. Howard did always like his secrets, figured that even with helping Tony he’d give him a puzzle to solve first.
. “Until you get one, and bring it home.” If there was anything that Tony could count on, it was Howard’s almost insane need to always be right.
“Anthony.” There’s a warm hand on his shoulder, a voice he hasn’t heard for a while, Tony too tired to brush it off, and he wants the comfort too bad to be angry. Instead, all he feels is disappointment.
The question makes him think, no one had ever asked him of this, mostly because he’s never actually anyone that his sense of smell had been so enhanced. “It’s two scents rolled into one, but I know that they’re two separate scents somehow, not sure how I know, just do.” He finds himself stroking along Clint's back, following the curve of his muscles.
“Okay, point taken.” Tony grunts. “So are all gods like you? Stupidly handsome and sassy to boot?”
“Keep it.”
Hawkeye only shakes his head but looks back at him thoughtfully.
“I should probably apologize when we get back.” Steve sighs.
Clint is a good enough travel buddy, seems to have a good sense of direction and a good eye for places to eat. Which is what mostly fills their itinerary. They eat burgers from roadside grills, hotdogs from corner stands, churros, fries, peanuts, shawarma, halal, ice cream basically anything off the streets that looks appetizing.
Steve understands enough that Tony doesn’t always spend all his time for work down at the lab. There’s a reason for the towering screens in the basement, projected into the air for Tony. Schematics for things, projects for both the company and Ironman. (“If I tell you, I’d have to kill you sort of deal, but not really because how could I possibly kill Captain America.”)
The Alpha slumps and growls at the open windows, staring out at the water.
“Thank you.” Frank pays, and Steve almost gets his hopes up that that’ll be the end of it but Frank dawdles. “If it’s fine. I’d like to see you again.”
“Oh.” Goes Other James. “So what should I be called?” Other James looks at him expectantly.
“Hey.”
“But you know they’re perfect.”
And he could have, if it were not for the glazed eyes, the limp way that the Steve held his legs, like he couldn’t close them if he wanted, the all too obvious reminders that the Omega was drugged beyond his wits, unable to understand more than
“I don’t look for trouble.
She tells him the signs of aggression as they watch a fight start to simmer. Two Alphas ready to fight.
Fury looks at her with his one good eye.
Tony’s head whips back to the rest of the crowd, eyes narrowing at the other figure who stands. Military uniform, he knows the type, well-decorated, hard-jawed.
“It’s fine, it’s fine. Fury
Happy hands him his bag and shakes his hand.
He doesn't really know what to make of that. Well-documented? The future was so strange. He'd have to make a list of things to ask about.
“Yes. Every Sunday. We’ll go to church like we always do and visit Father Louis.”
##########
“And call me Natasha.”
“Nothing wrong with that.” And it’s said with such sincerity that Steve can’t help but believe it. Tony rises up to meet his gaze, eyes so clouded with lust but Steve knows his own would reflect the same. He slowly descends to meet his lips, giving Steve ample time to turn away to, but Steve lets Tony mould their lips together, quiet groans escaping them both at the first sign of tongue.
##########
On a side note, I'm working on a one shot that not related to this fic but also features Stony in an ABO setting. I dunno when it will be done, because I'm not yet a hundred percent sure about where I want it to go, but I'm working on it nonetheless.
He’s mad, anger and frustration deep in his mind that he stalks off, screws open a bottle of scotch to get him through the night.
Pepper was Tony’s equal, who could give as much as take, support the billionaire with his endeavors in the way that only she could.
“Are you okay?” He blurts out, flushing at the ignorance he knows his question possesses. He’s read the reports, but that was all they were to him. Reports. Factual. Simply stating the injuries Tony had gotten while fighting some sort of biologically enhanced lava man. They didn’t say anything of his status, other than ‘seems to be recovering’, and an even shorter report on how this lava man came to be. (Nanites? Extremis?)
“What’s the meeting for anyway?” He hoped it wasn’t too imprortant.
It’s still a rough sketch, it would probably be another hour before Steve is happy with it. But he knows where he'd put the lines of stress, add shadows to show the hollowness of Tony's cheek, bags under the eyes that spoke of Tony's lack of sleep. The drawing is sound, an echo of what Steve sees, but it still feels so wrong.
Washing the grime and blood off of their bodies, they settle in for the night. Natasha gets her own room, which neither of them argue about, both Omegas with enough self-preservation instincts not to deny her of it, and instead share a room between themselves.
He blinks back the tears and stiffens his muscles. Stop, he tells himself. He thought he’d be ready.
He’d taken Clint’s advice and googled Alpha-Omega etiquette with safe search firmly on.
Tony huffs, ready to throw an insult at Howard, critic his obsessive behavior to prove his position as
“That’s stupid. I didn’t do it because I was an Omega. I volunteered because I wanted to save lives. I went through the experiment because the Doctor believed it would worked. I-I crashed the plane because I didn’t see any other way. I didn’t think I’d get to live through it.” He admits. He feels guilty, he doesn’t deserves that look, not when he’s been such a coward.
“Go on, tell me more about him.” Is a kind indulgence, but Tony needles him with insistence.
Natasha wins the glaring contest by default, Clint eating huffily into his bowl. “We can start as soon as you’re ready, Steve.”
It stretches him that Tony has to wonder how he isn’t split in half yet. Stevos’s cock goes in, inch by torturous inch, covered in some kind of lube the god must have brought along with him.
“Flatterer.” Brock grins at him, and then introduces him to Jack, who is his weapons expert and sniper.
So that was that.
“Ocean.” It pops right out. “Christ, your scent is like the entire fucking ocean. Alive and wild. Never smelled anything like it. Did you always have this scent?”
Raza has too many men, and he likes to think that he’s caused enough damage to ensure they they will shoot to kill. But it’s not enough, he knows there are more people like them, who will get their hands on his weapons and use them however they like in their thirst for power.
Tony frowns. “You’re doing the Captain America voice.”
Steve can only laugh. “Okay, consider me intrigued. How’s about we do it when I get back? Make it an entire night. I’ll see you both by next week. Stay out of trouble you two. Captain’s orders.” They salute each other for kicks before Steve ducks in the car, driven off to the airport.
“Lost where?”
He picks out an appropriate picture once JARVIS sends them, attaches it to an email and then sends it to Clint. '
Tony suddenly looks around the lab. “Where did I-?” He mumbles to himself, before darting away and looking through the other desks.
“He does not mean it. He loves you, you know.” Stevos calls after Dummy, pointedly giving Tony a look, which he ignores.
Tony shakes his head. “Someday, I’m going to meet your oh-so-special Omega and it’ll be disappointing.”
“I won’t be cleaning up any of your messes where this one is concerned. Are we clear?” Howard says, a little more sternly, but Tony could swear there was a twinkle of
“Minor god. And yes, I was alive during the greek settlement, as was my mother, Athena and my father, but lay to slumber during the roman conquest. The world has changed much since then.” He says almost sadly.
“Please. Don’t.” And then Steve is laughing. Laughing harder than he can remember and it’s not even really that funny.
“Had enough of them during service.” He mumbles, letting his words slur together.
“It’s fine, I can schedule a meeting for next month, recheck my blueprints see if there’s anything I missed.”
JARVIS: [01 ONLINE]
“Why? I mean, no, not what I meant. I understand why you would do it. But.
It’s Steve who looks away first.
The god turns his back to him, arms folden over his chest. Brooding. But when he turns around, there’s something wrong. Tony’s not sure. There’s a glisten to the god, something utterly wrong, like he’s made of ceramic than flesh. The way one feels when looking at a photoshopped image. There's something wrong, but you don’t know what until it’s pointed out. As it is, Stevos looks perfectly calm, were it not for the glisten Tony would have thought that he’d been forgiven.
.” He’s surprised his voice isn’t shaking.
“Honestly Steve, you’re smarter than you think you are.” Tony gives him a look. He doesn’t know what it means yet except it’s soft eyes and warm smiles. Generally good signs.
Tony looks at him, but his gaze is hard, seeing something Steve can’t. “My Mom was a low-level Omega, Dad was a mid-level Alpha. He’d always told me, ever since I was a kid, that I would be high-level Alpha.
He nods, because if he talks now he knows that he will burst into tears.
“What did he say?” Tony all but snarls, one hand gripping warningly at Steve’s arm.
.I am
“It’s almost like you wanna die.” And God, that makes Steve close his eyes. His joints ache everyday, the pull of his lungs, the fear of a coughing fit finally doing him in. He’d rather go out on his own terms. “If you’d just let me call a doctor-”
Sometimes though, Stevos is just there, a quiet, solid presence amidst the suffering that has become Tony’s life.
“Keep dreaming, love. Not my real name by the way, there’s some merit to a
“We got our wish.” Stevos chuckled bitterly. “There was calamity in the lands, unusual tremors and storms. Demi-gods from the lands were called to the citadel, monster brought havoc to the smaller towns, causing chaos and killing anyone that crossed their path, but there was something larger afoot.” Stevos’s gaze was far, holding onto a distant memory, Tony can’t even imagine what he’s seeing, except it mustn't be good with how distraught the god looks.
They sit there for a while, Tony lying on top of him to keep them warm, Steve’s hand on the base of his spine, until the sun rises, the dark skies slowly brightening with color, and the first sounds of the morning reach their ears.
It’s what he thinks about Tony anyway, a good man. A decent man. In a world that seemed to lack them.
Omega on his chest.
He chuckles despite himself. Somehow, the thought that Tony knows just about everything about him scares him, much like when the psychiatrists had poked and prodded him within weeks of recovery. He’s tricking himself right now,
“I keep it there to remind me. Of why I’m still here. And why I became the Ironman.” Like a man admitting his sins, like a man saying his prayers. “A good man died because of me.”
Tony. Standing by the door, eyes wide at Steve. Hmm. Steve would have thought that Tony would have preferred to be naked during the Claiming, his mind blurrily processing the proceedings. Tony grabbing his wrist, hauling him up, pushing a blanket at him and when it becomes apparent that Steve doesn’t know what Tony wants him to do with the blanket, drapes it over him and proceeds to push him.
He rolls towards Tony’s side (the left) and lays his head on the pillow. Sweat and lingering scent, Tony can’t have been gone long, his body relaxes as reassurances of
“I’ll be fine, go.”
It’s only for a second, but his mind prolongs the moment, makes it feel like five, before the thoughts come pouring in, silent horror at his own actions.
“That’s all I’m asking.” After a beat. “But
his shield.
. It keeps his mind occupied as he focuses his thoughts to the details. On paper is a quick sketch of Clint, a gesture of a man at best, that he had hopes to fill with as much detail as possible.
“Best friends since. Still isn’t an excuse for how he acted.” It’s the chilly end of the year, not quite time to bring out his shabby coat but Steve shivers anyway. It’s an excuse to stick closer than usual to Frank, and as usual, the Alpha says nothing of it.
Steve tries very hard not to think about Tony streaking in his own home, really it’s a terrible image. He’d forgotten about condoms, kind of. It hadn’t really occurred to him that pregnancy was an actual issue. An Omegas best chances of pregnancy was a week after heat after all, it was foolish of him to forget, when the hubbub about Alpha dominance settled in and a mate was chosen.
“Right.”
The words warm him. "And I want to be here too." He means it, relaxing, happily leaning closer into the Alpha's space.
Steve snorts, and Tony squeezes his thigh. “Sure Hap, take us home.”
Tony’s still too caught up with looking at the Omega, the hard look on his face. Was that the difference between those doll-like Omegas and an Omega who’s had an owner before? There was no innocence on this Omega’s face, not the blank stares of no doubt clueless Omegas, but this one held himself tightly, making his muscle bunch together, not quite curled up, but looked as though he would try to escape if given the chance. There was intelligence behind those blue eyes, knowing and perceptive.
He’d done it the day prior, feeling guilty that while he could practice what Natasha had disciplined him with, he couldn’t do the same for Clint. The image had come so clearly to his mind that he just had to had some paper and pencil in his mind before the motivation disappeared on him.
Annie just sighs. “Yes, yes. However, we still need to go through papers, Will. I believe Samantha is in, if you’d like someone familiar.”
Steve pushes his bag under the bed, and clambers onto the sheets. It’s different, a little stiffer than he’s used to.
“Am I dead?” Tony blurts out, the aftershocks of pain still pulsing from his wound.
Steve sucks on him, dazed himself, lathers Andrew up with his tongue and tastes the musk of him. He’ll never admit it outloud, but it’s a different satisfaction having a hard cock in hia mouth, that send happy tingles to his brain and spine.
“I agreed to it.” Steve shakes his head. “It was my choice to come to your home and spend my time there. Nothing to apologize for. If I didn’t want to be there I wouldn’t have been there.” His lips pressed into a thin line, daring Frank to prove him wrong.
Than Abraham’s.
“I d-don’t know.” The older kids probably decide that somehow, maybe the big kids get together and talk about it. Steve wouldn’t know.
And it’s with cold realization, that Steve understands why Clint chose him. Because Captain America can keep a man like Hawkeye in check, can hold him down and get him subdued. Because Captain America has seen the way that Hawkeye fights, and knows he can overpower him if needs be. Because Hawkeye knows that Captain America can kill him, if he thinks he’s falling back into Loki’s control.
“What would give you that impression?” Steve smiles back, writing out the receipt. “That’ll be fifty cents. Let her eat this, twice a day after meals, and this to help keep it down. No hard labour for a couple of days, let the medicine do the work. If she’s not fine within three days, better to go see a doctor.”
“-am I going to let SHIELD poke me, and probably take apart my suit while I am otherwise indisposed. Therefore! I nominate
####################
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony snaps. “I’d like to bring him home tonight.”
Steve’s mind provides, before he is pounced on.
.” Jasper seems affronted at that part.
“Hmph.”
“Why?”
and melts in his seat. “Production no. 1. Literally the first phone off the line, or the prototype for every other Starkphone out there. This has got to be worth a hundred thousand, at least.”
“If it’s alright, I’d like to leave for a while. I have duties that I have left unattended.” Stevos says in that strangely blank tone. “Your enemies are gone, or at least abated for the time being. By no means am I abandoning you. It’s simply that… It’s a little too much for me.” His voice soften. “I’d like a moment to regain myself.”
Stevos answers by pinching him on the thigh, and chuckles when Tony yelps. “Even gods have to abide by some rules. You still have so much to do, you have so many plans already in your mind, and I would be too much of distraction to you if I was around all the time.” He continues while he washes Tony’s hair with shampoo, those fingers heavenly on his scalp.
But for now he smiles, and salutes, like a good soldier. Because whether or not Tony believes it, he is one of Steve’s men.
Most of his time is spent going through medical exams. It's one thing or another, they test for anything imaginable. He is asked to do a multitude of things, most of them physical. A doctor tells him that they want to test how much the serum had changed him and they wanted base parameters of his strength and speed. He doesn't tell them that he used to be sick a lot, barely able to get out of bed if the weather so much as looked south, and everything he does now would have been unimaginable growing up. Instead, he smiles tightly and lets them stick little electrodes on his body as they put him to work.
“Look, I’m just kidding around, you don’t have to-”
He knows what he looks like. Before the serum, he wouldn’t have minded an Alpha oggling like.Tony was doing, because his body was his body, and it was as simple as that. This body was his as well, just bigger, more like an Alpha’s, except for the slight swell in his hip that would hint of his secondary sex.
##########
“Haven’t tried, but she’s suppose to.”
He watches Pepper fuss all over Tony, gentle touches that Steve knew were intimate and looks away.
“Shield.” Tony says expectantly, both hands thrust outward to receive said item.
So he’s surprised when Tony wrangles out a pot from the cabinets, takes out a brown lump from the cupboards, and retrieves a carton of milk from the fridge.
So it's been two months, huh? Is it too late to say updates will be irregular?
Omegas of different sizes and shapes, strewn behind glass panes. None of them look like they’re past the age of fourteen. Almost doll-like in the way they stare at the visitors, unflinching at the attention. Like works of art, they’re completely naked, breasts, asses and cocks in open display. This auction boasts twenty unique Omegas, each from a different part of the world, or so the curator announces.
“See, when you say it it sounds so damn innocent and wholesome.” Tony grumbles. “I’m too damn afraid that I’ll mess this up for you.”
experience, and they fork over a good amount of money if an Omega is available for it. That extra goes to paying for the medicine and to you of course, should you agree.”
“Cara and Marlow?” He does, of course.
Tony’s gaze darkens. He’s shaking, the heaviness in his chest making it difficult to breathe but he focuses on Stevos. On the furrowed brows and haughty eyes, a mixture of pride and an argument on his lips. “Dunno. You saved my life. One petty little
They communicate in grunts and moans. Tony can tell that Stevos is holding back, eyes screwed in concentration even as he thrusts in and out of Tony’s hole. He’s hot to the touch, Tony’s can feel every push that that hot hard cock makes, hyper aware of the way it drags, the soft squelch of lube easing the burn of the stretch.
Steve licks his lips as they dry at the memory, takes a shuddery breath and the sight of the cock in front of him instead. Tony’s not even hard, not yet anyway, which Steve want to remedy. He strokes the flesh appreciatively with his hands, a light squeeze when he gets to the base, which earns him a groan from Tony.
“One hour and seventeen minutes.” Steve grumbles.
Their hair, their skin, the color of their eyes. There was beauty in each of them, an innocence that makes them mystifying. Even Tony, and his limited attention to all and anything Omega, is captivated by the sight of them. He can almost imagine bringing one home for his beck and call. Having an Omega was a privilege that only Alphas had, a responsibility that eluded Betas, as such they were highly regarded possessions and flaunted an Alpha’s status over the general population.
“Well, fuck.” Clint bounces right back. “If it’s you then, that’s fine.” Though Steve can still detect the panic from earlier, it’s a little less clear when Clint lays deflated on his chest.
“No. I played the role of anonymous informant. I sent the coordinates to his private email, along with a photograph I took with the satellite I was linked to as proof of authenticity.”
“Captain?”
"So sweet for me. Of course you are." Tony purrs, lifts his good hand to cup Steve's chin. He holds his breath, feels Tony's finger play with his neck, eyes wide as he looks into Tony's eyes, warm and kind. "How'd I get so lucky?"
“Aces.” Steve mutters letting out a breath as he settles into that thought. Yet another thing to add to his list.
Steve widen just the slightest, ears turning a shade of red. He casts a nervous glance at Tony, who simply laughs, not looking bothered at all. If anything he looks amused.
Tony takes him through the motions, finally gets his boxers off of him as settles them back on the bed. There is no moment where they aren’t touching, aren’t connected in some way, reluctant to break apart for even a moment.
His surrounding turns cold, shards prickling against his skin as liquid turns solid in mere seconds. Suddenly there's ice all around him, pressing hard against his body, the water in his veins turns sharp. He's being torn, the ice trying to get in, and the ice inside him trying to get out, uncaring of the barrier of skin and muscle.
“The word you are looking for is
“Go on, suck. I’m not going to get the lube.” Tony encourages, forcing his fingers in deeper, enamored by the hot heat and slick. He watches as Stevos’s expression turns wanton, a blush rising on heated cheeks while he sucks and runs his tongue around Tony’s fingers.
“Why? Because someone told you it’s worth money. Newsflash, Cap, I have no problem throwing money at things. I’m an eccentric billionaire, it’s what I
Tony’s cock presses into all the right places, somewhere deep and hungry where his own fingers could never reach. When Tony starts thrusting into him, he can hear the
But there’s a question on his mind from earlier, and he wonders if he should ask or keep quiet for now. They’d executed a successful mission, that was in no doubt, but the end had left a bitter taste in their mouth.
“What’s NASA?”
After his run, he’d go for a shower, and spend the morning reading either books or web pages (approved by S.H.I.E.L.D.) until lunch time.
“No. It’s not. Hmm. Dummy is. It’s complicated, our relationship.” Tony tries to explain while he plays around with a hologram of a device that Steve hasn’t asked about but it looks like a watch.
His room is as he had left it.
She seems to expect that kind of answer as she writes that down as well. “Good of you to be honest, Steve. But if you ever changed your mind, you can always have it.”
“There is a difference between bravery and
“George?” Sister Catherine peeks her head into one of the rooms before entering, Steve in tow.
His shooter is already making it down the path, gun ready to finish the job. The man yells something at him, but it becomes apparent that Tony doesn’t understand him, no doubt his impatience will run out and he’ll kill Tony for all the trouble he has caused.
And what was he?
He curses Tony for his brashness, the Ironman flying ahead, as he himself fastens a parachute and goes after them.
“Is Tony awake?”
His heart has either decided to beat out of his chest, or has become catatonic. There’s a ringing in his ears that might just after effects of all the explosions or it might be the pitch of Stevos’s voice that renders him deaf to anything else. “I-”
Steve snorts, nibbling on Tony’s nipple just to teach him a lesson. Tony only fidgets somewhat, scrubbing a hand on Steve's hair as if he’s a unruly pup.
He’d punished himself then thinking he’d deserve the treatment, allowed the makeshift Alpha to call him a slut, a whore, a little breeder for taking a knot so well, the terrible grind of arousal enough to churn an orgasm out of him.
“Sure, I guess.”
“Stevos.” He whispers one night, when he’s exhausted his resources and he wants to see the god again. He hasn’t called him since that night with Stane, he figures the god has godly things to do or something, but there’s some desperation now that he can’t put off.
“I’m getting there.” Steve chuckles. “So I tell him. Maybe later Mr. Stark, but you're just the man I was looking for.” Steve takes a pause. “I heard he liked that kinda stuff, ego stroked like most Alphas.”
He sighs as Natasha continues with the slides, quickly skipping past the rest of the military Alphas without so much as a word.
the paragon of truth, justice and virtue. Surely you know what’s good for you and all things America. I’m just saying, a little time to yourself wouldn’t be so bad.”
, kind of thing. And yet, he remains speechless as Frank takes it out of the box, unclasps the lock and holds it out expectantly at Steve.
“And that’s… Normal?” God, he was so confused with this century.
“By all means,
Stevos does so, eyes closed shut, mouth open in expectation.
anyway.” Obie sneers.
“Nomination accepted! Prepare for a night of terror, Captain.”
He pulls away.
Clint’s description of the Ironman doesn't quite capture what would first come to Steve’s mind. He’s seen picture of it on the internet, stolen photographs from running passersby, always at an angle that suggest that the Ironman was never paying attention.
The silence stretches on, and Tony would be damned if he were to break it first. He wonders in the back of his mind if Stevos regrets making him his Patron.
to take part of the war. Surprise surprise, they just wanted to stay out of it, take no sides and do whatever it is they do over there.”
“Very well, your claim is sound. You are picky enough as it is with your Patrons.” Loki smirks back at Stevos. “Good luck with this one.” And he disappears, leaving a trail of gold in his wake, scattered to the wind.
Thor, who has a good grip on Loki, narrows his eyes at the nearest agent, who stutters that Fury wants to talk to him first.
But now, he has all the choice in the world to go where he wants, do whatever he might like and maybe that scares him a little.
“Never talked to anyone about
Savagely, his plunges two fingers in his hole, scissoring himself open as he slows his own hand, groaning as his cock pulses in response. His brain has all but turned off, the fog of Heat upon him, the desperation to be fucked so overwhelming it’s all he can think of. He growls in desperation, adding another finger to his hole, furiously massaging and stretching himself open for something,
“Legolas?”
Steve blinks, finally understanding. “You were-?” He doesn’t dare finish it, for fear of what he might say, for what Cling might want to keep secret.
###########################
There’s a sketch of the dildo in Tony’s tidy lines, detailing the appropriate buttons to be pressed to turn it on. There are three buttons on the dildo, two of them controlled the speed of which it
As always, thank you for all your comments and kudos. It makes me feel kinda guilty whenever you guys leave kudos when I don't post chapters, but keep leaving them because it keep reminding me that I have to write, lol. Enjoy.
“‘Round five to seven days, depends on the weather.”
He unpacks what little he has, resting his shield by the bed, and lays on the comforter with his hands to his chest.
“Keep it on.” The tone is commanding, and Steve has half a mind to keep getting undressed anyway, but bites his lip and drops his arms, looks at the Alpha as blankly as he can. Then there’s another one, younger, definitely younger than himself, peering from behind.
Steve grimaces.
It had been challenging, and he was stuck in bed for what felt like half of his childhood. But here he was, in the future,
##########
“Adam?”
“I’m sure it wasn’t an
"She says she can remove the arc reactor." Tony says, solemn.
He clears his throat, and pulls out a cue card from his pocket. “Stands at six feet two inches. Two hundred fifty pounds in weight. Fluently speaks English and German. Born in New York, in the United States of America from the Ceallach Line, known to be a very robust and malleable line, with easily adaptable natures and personalities.”
It’s no surprise that they break apart into their own spaces, the friction amongst them almost palpable.
’ Was the remark back, that just made Steve’s stomach churn. ’
His brain supplies, growling and snarling at the Omega just outside the door. But that’s all instinct, instinct that would subside in the coming days.
It’s a week before he can really sleep. Everything is new and scary in the orphanage. His Ma tells him that he’s not really an orphan. She loves him very much and she isn’t going to let him be taken away. He just has to stay there for a while because she needs to take care of some adult things first.
“Of course, we’ll talk soon, Marlow.” Tony eases in, taking the attention away from Steve. Marlow, the Beta, looking honestly concerned when Steve’s jaw tightens. “You better catch up with Cara before she realizes you’re gone.”
“Okay. Just let me-” Steve pulls out his phone, to text Phil- He grits his teeth, sees the stain of blood on the wall of the helicarrier and quickly backtracks those thoughts into something more productive. He texts Clint instead.
“Does a good job at it. It’s just a little… Off.” Brock grunts, but eyes Steve with open distaste than lust. Or was the distaste for the drug? “Never gonna be better than mine though.” The fellow Alpha grins. A running joke between them, every time Tony manages to bring someone home, Brock manages a snide remark about how perfect his Omega.
“It means,” Natasha butts in, elbowing Clint hard on the side. “that I was sent in to see if he’s of any use for S.H.I.E.L.D.. I reported what I saw, someone else does an evaluation alongside mine, and a decision is made.” She casts a furtive look at the screen.
“Bigger than any Omega I know.” Steve can feel the wink being thrown at him without even looking. He shoves his shoulder into Tony’s ribs and feels satisfaction at the choke.
“Eventually. When he’s ready.”
“Shh, Steve, hey hey, relax. It’s okay.”
But then. The fantasies changed. At some point, on more than one occasion, the visuals morphed. At first, it would be the blonde Alpha, strong, domineering, pinning him onto the bed with his body while ravishing his shoulder, forcing his legs apart with his knee. He would throw his head back, stifle a moan while he fucked his own fist for completion. A moment later, the figure above him was leaner, surer, would slowly caress his cheek and a slow grind of cock on his own. There were garbled words of encouragement, said in a warm tone that made his chest squirm.
“Whatever, let’s just get this over with.” Tony relents, taking the pamphlet being handed out and walks ahead of them into the viewing room.
.” Like it’s final.
“I mean it.” Another pointed stare. “Goodbye, Tony.” And Brock is out the door.
He’d punished himself a little then, convinced himself that whatever it was he and Tony had had during his cycle was all part of the contract. Tony had been a good Alpha, treated him well during heat, better than any other Alpha he’d had, but Steve hadn’t wanted to hope for anything further. Come to think of it, he might have tried to push Tony away.
When the tray of fruit is finished, he stretches out on the bed and watches as Tony takes the tray to the door. Steve can’t remember when he’s felt so relaxed within the past month, and blushes at what
“So that’s what Dummy is for? So that you can talk and he’d listen?”
Clint or Natasha? :D
Some deep part of Steve understands that this is Tony with no holds barred, if he were to truly command attention, the way a High-level Alpha would and could. Pinned beneath the gaze of those dark brown eyes that bore through the edges of his soul, it’d be easy to just say yes, allow Tony whatever he liked. The high musk of Alpha overlapped even the smell of the ocean. Strong. Powerful. Insistent in a way that Tony has never been before.
Tony grumbles his distaste of the situation. He would think that his mom would be the last person to try and saddle him up, after years of being coddled and fended off from Howard’s plans, it was a surprise that she would have suggested something his father would actually
Tony's gaze is hard, like he expects Steve to fight him on this. Even more so than getting married. The silence was deafening, and Steve could only frown. "That's your decision, and hasn't got anything to do with me." Steve says carefully, watching Tony's expression.
“Oh, g-god, Tony.” Steve groans, wrapping his arms around the alpha, thrusting into the hand that continues to torture him. He knows he hasn’t got long, not with Tony’s clever mouth flicking and sucking his chest, not with Tony’s scent putting his body in overdrive.
“You wish to humiliate me.” Stevos says with such certainty that Tony feels offended, but then Stevos continues. “It will not work. I am no less strong in this body, as I’ve said before, I merely appear in whatever form you seem fit to dress me in.” It’s impatience, Tony realizes, and perhaps defensive on his own terms. “I had not planned to trick you into thinking I was… Large and muscular. Your mind provided the example to work with and…” Stevos shakes his head, appears flustered. You provided your ideal hero, and I only took the role and the costume. It is normal, mortals think of strength in terms of size and raw power, and this form does not exactly… Exude that power.” Stevos ends with a slump, a tired frown on his narrow lips.
By the time he returns to the lab, Fury is already lecturing Tony about the security breach. They all find their way back, and Steve feels the first prickle of irritation and dissonance in the group. Until it swells and blows, and tension creeps up on them in waves. Thor makes it known that he doesn’t think much of Fury’s reasoning. It doesn’t help that Tony is goading Bruce Banner, nor the implication that Fury lays on the table. Tony turns his barbs to Steve, pushes and presses for his way until even Steve’s patience snaps.
George shrugs. “My Nana said that this was better for me. Maybe she meant I should get adopted so that I can have a new mommy and daddy who will take care of me.”
Jarvis, the real Jarvis, the butler we used to have back when I was a kid. Kinda ironic now that I think about it, I’m friends with Thor, actual
“Is this the part where you tell me you’ve been gay all along, we exchange our vows of love and then kiss passionately?”
Tony eyes widen, mouth twitching into a silent laugh and motions for Steve to continue.
But the god only seems to bristle, brows knit together. His eyes seem to delve deeper, looking at Tony but not entirely seeing in front of him, like he’s trying to parse his thoughts and connect Tony to them all the same.
Stevos's pale skin marks easily, turns a harsh shade of red from his bite, indents of his teeth give him that strange euphoria of domination. He sucks another bruise into Stevos’s skin, licks at the flesh in mock apology.
“Excuse me? Is this seat taken?”
There's a distance between them, giving Steve the chance to settle in his own space, even now with Tony hand firmly on his chest, grounding in it's warmth, like he's afraid Steve would bolt the next chance he got. It wasn't untrue. There was restless energy in Steve's body, the need to assure himself that he was alive and well sat on the edge of his mind. The only reason he hasn't acted on it was because of Tony.
The smell of chocolate drifts through the kitchen, Tony lightly taps the pot and takes out another container. “The secret to good cocoa is the sugar. Specifically, brown sugar.” He adds in two scoops of brown sugar and continues to stir.
He keeps to the dark, Clint on his heels as they rush through the building, weapons carefully tucked close to their bodies.
Steve officially meets Pepper Potts two days later. He’d just finished his run on the treadmill when he catches her chastising Tony in the kitchen. He’s sweaty and panting, but he’s also hungry. It also looks like he’d just cut them off from something important.
“Amend section 12B. James Rhodes shall also hereby inherit the Ironman Mark 7. The Ironman Mark 7 may not be gifted, may not be considered as property, or otherwise undergo a change of ownership, and may only be held in the possession, and piloted by James Rhodes. Should the Ironman Mark 7 be operated through an external signal, or by anyone other than James Rhodes, Jarvis may and
James snarls at some attempt at intimidation, but quiets down when Sister Margaret passes by. “Looks like it’s your lucky day, Rogers.” He gives Steve and the other kid the stinkeye before moving away.
Loki, flicks his eyes at Tony, and only seems to smile, though there is something sinister that sends a chill to Tony’s spine just by that look.
“I really really don’t think you do.”
“It’s alright, Cap. It's just a nightmare.”
people and force them into being servants or
Part of him wanted to prove to himself that he could remember, from the orphanage, his old school, his art college, the skyline he so loved, Mrs. Monroe’s scrappy dog. He drew them as they came to him, there on the jet,
A muttered cursed, grip renewed. “You’re a white winged demon, I swear.” Steve counters with another swirl of tongue, transitioning to swallow around Tony’s head, a convulse of muscle around that musky taste. He knows he does it right when Tony’s breath catches, and it’s worth the extra nails on his scalp. “God, yes, you can take it deeper, can’t you? Of course you can,
Even if it’s mostly the weather, and experts saying how the economy is 'stable’, he gets a few tidbits about the different things that make him feel at least slightly connected to the outside world.
“Okay, Tony.”
It’s fifteen minutes of ridiculous arguing. Which ends in a fit of laughter when Dummy rolls between them and hands both Tony and Steve DUNCE caps.
“So, what’s that you’re making?”
He’s playing it up, and by Phil’s scent he can tell that the agent isn’t exactly buying it. Truth is, he knows that Natasha probably had the dirt on the Alphas and that was what he was trying to get. He tries to feel as miserable as he does, hoping to win Phil over.
bothering you? You can’t just
“He’s attentive after all, give him a round of applause ladies and gentlemen.” Tony’s grin is contagious.
“Mmhmm, I just don’t want to get dragged to
Steve closes his eyes and grits his teeth, muscles clenching as he refuses to let the shudder run through his body.
That was… Well, it didn’t leave much in the options of what Steve knew to cook. “What kind of beef do we have in the kitchen?”
Stevos at least has the capacity to look ashamed. “Your brashness will kill you someday. You know this and yet you charge in so recklessly.”
“I’m not your butler, Tony. I signed up to be a bodyguard, not a nanny.” Brock crosses his arms. “Shit job already. How many times have you been threatened this year?”
It’s a strong desire to see Tony truly relaxed. He wants to see what peace looks like on Tony. What happiness might look like on his already handsome face. He wants to see Tony smile, without the weight of the world on his shoulders.
“Hmm.”
##########
maybe. Wakanda, when America was asking for guns, grenades, missiles tanks, airplanes. It sends.” Tony pauses for a effect, though Steve could already see where it was going. “A shield. Can you imagine that? A shield? Not even a
Andrew hums above him, dips his hand down to the bones of Steve’s skinny shoulders.
He watches as Natasha punches Clint on the shoulder as Tony struggles not to look annoyed at him.
“Oh yeah, I know all about
“I dreamed about Peggy once. Peggy, she, uh, she was a good Alpha, real forward thinker, didn’t beat around the bush if she could help it, I think the two of you woulda gotten along swell.” He explains. When Clint doesn’t make a sound he goes on. “We had a house in Brooklyn, dunno how we could have afforded it but we did. It was after the war, cos I had a medal of honor framed on the wall, and she had one too. We had two kids, a girl and a boy. Rachel and James.” He stops before his voice cracks.
“I wanted to do this all night.” Tony groans, burying his head in Steve’s chest, nuzzling into his pecs.
He feels broken and battered, in both mind and body, a tipping point where there’s nothing holding him together anymore. Nothing except Stevos’s sure hands, providing him strength, like a pillar. Reinforcement, he thinks through the tears. Like when a dam was about to break, reinforce it with wood and supports to stop a disaster. Like his suit, after it’s been shot, pierced and whipped, he rummages right through, change what needs to be changed, and reinforces it to be better and stronger.
“You know how she is.” Tony can almost feel like he isn’t lying, easy smile, avoiding the subject altogether while Rhodey nods in understanding.
“Well, I kind of hacked into SHIELD’s servers and found out everything they have about you. So yeah,
Steve accepts the envelope, lifting a brow at Tony.
There’s an expectation for him to open the gift, because it so clearly is. Wrapped up with a tiny bowling, it feels more like a trap than anything.
That catches Tony off guard. "If you must." Is a grumbled reply.
The night turns into a blur of faces, greetings left and right, little snacks every so often. Tony seems happy to introduce Steve, let’s the other Alphas get a good look at him, and quickly redirects the conversation when they start asking more. Steve’s never really
That has Tony thinking, turning towards the shield for something to do, tracing the perfect etch of the inner circle of the pattern.
“To be fair, he passed out an hour later when we hauled him back to base, fell asleep right on his cot the moment Dumdum stopped rifling through his jacket for a cigar.”
Stevos regards him, those blue eyes unearthly in their clarity.
“Is it my age? It can’t be my devilishly good looks, or my exquisite charm that’s been putting you off.”
Steve Rogers keeps that to himself throughout all the questioning that bombard him within the first few weeks of waking up from the ice. Later, someone tells him that these men are psychiatrists, tasked to examine his mental state, to check whether or not he would be able to cope in the Twenty-first century but right now they all just sound awfully nosy about his business, even if it's just an hour a day.
From there Steve listens attentively to all the work they do for the dogs, making sure they’re fit and healthy before they’re even ever put up for adoption. He does end up making a donation, and spends the rest of the day in the companion of the strays, smiling in particular when a timid half-breed Labrador sniffs his hand and allows him to pet her.
But the dark lines are harder to ignore when they appear like spiderwebs over his chest. The last straw is when his chests starts to burn up and steam rises from underneath the plate.
When they see him they stop, and sneer at him. When it’s clear that he’s heading for the bike, one of them speaks up.
##########
“Twenty fifth, actually. There was a slight complication that had to be settled at short notice.” He thought it redundant to ask whether Tony was keeping tabs on him. He already knew that JARVIS could break into SHIELD’s network, almost on whim.
Tony startles at Rhodey’s words, and whips his head to where Stevos was.
“I wasn’t always like this. As a youth, I was often sickly and lame. I wasn’t like the other children, I could not run out in the fields or wrestle with the rest. The cattle could tip me over without thought. My father saw me as a disgrace, though he never said it out loud.”
“Because I wanted you.”
He stays quiet for a while but she looks at him expectantly.
Steve! You’re killing me here!”) that he takes it into his mouth. The heady taste of pre-cum is enough to have him moan in delight, swirling his tongue along the head, tracing a vein along the underside as he balances himself on one hand to stroke the base of the cock in the other. His fingers pump and squeeze at the swollen knot, eliciting a wave of curses and angry mutters from Tony that Steve decidedly blocks out.
Wait. God? What?
but that was a price he was willing to pay.
“I let you have me as you needed.” Stevos says. “If that meant a friend you could tell your woes to, a silent shadow or a sexual partner, I was glad to fill those roles.”
being a better that Steve would have come to expect. Alphas fighting each other, danger and adrenaline, a potent combination that could end disastrously if not contained. It was something that they’d been warned against in his Omega studies. Normally, before a fight could even get started, Betas would step in to disperse the situation, ease the Alphas away, hopefully dissuade a full out Fight. But once in the Fight state, Alphas were aggressive, hard-wired instinct triggered to battle it out with the biggest threat possible.
“It’s not always a bad thing.” Tony chuckles, touching Steve’s neck again, like couldn’t believe he was allowed. “And anyway, if we were following tradition, I would have been allowed to hurt any other Alpha that came onto you.” Tony growls, pressing his nose to Steve’s neck in a possessive gesture, sucking at a pulse point. It shakes a moan right out of Steve. “Could have marked you, drove off anyone who had bad intentions to you, would have been allowed to protect you.” There’s an extra bite in Tony’s voice, gruff when he speaks.
The pained expression on Stevos’s face shows for just a moment, before schooled perfectly into the usual cool gaze often worn by the god, albeit in miniature form. “I did not want to cause you any more distractions than necessary, it would have done you no service to know that I was siphoning some of your sickness.”
a secret identity before but he imagines this is what it feels like.
His patience runs thin when he’s summoned to court, of all the stupid things.
“Return.” And then suddenly, the shield comes flying at him. If it weren’t for Tony’s instruction, he would have dived right out of the way. But as it is, he remains still, stiff with his arm still up. The shield goes straight for his wrist, he feels it connect to the face of the watch with a satisfying
"Do you have that on your clipboard too? That I was rejected by the army three times before I was allowed to enlist?"
Steve can see the tired lines of Tony’s body, the way the armor sags just slightly to the left, which meant that his injuries were on his right. It doesn’t help that the arc reactor is flickering.
"Well I'm glad you still have your humor intact" Steve relents, sighs, inches a hand on the blanket that covers Tony.
“Clint.” Steve tries for stern, to get a grasp of the situation. “I know, okay? You don’t have to-”
of it.”
“Yeah. Wow.”
They stare at each other for a moment.
“That you’re brave? Braver than most Alphas to admit that you need help.” Steve says. “Brave enough to look at your life and try for some change.” He doesn’t know the implications or the things that have led up to Tony’s decision, not intimately but he doesn’t need to know every inch of the idea to support Tony. And support seemed to be the thing that the Alpha needed the most right now.
, no decent Alpha would have left you.” Tony’s eyes are wild as he rambles, dangerous, even in the dim light of the car, Steve can see the manic energy in them.
Scenting was not an exact science. Even if an Alpha and Omega smelled good to one another, it did mean that they would get along, but at least their instincts knew that they were compatible in some way.
Commander Fury took him aside and explained that Tony Stark was already on base, but he needed to have a conversation with him first, before the Scenting. Steve nodded. He probably couldn’t have stopped it even if he wanted to.
When Tony does release him, he chuckles. "I brought you here for a reason. And it wasn't for your cooking." Fond, playful. "I wanted to, well, it makes me feel a little stupid saying it outloud now but I'll just go right out and say it. I want us to get married."
He adds with a squeeze, takes a deep breath.
, it’s not right.”
that came with the Omegas scent, interlaced with spiced discomfort.
“My family is dead, Mr. Stark. I can finally see them again.” And like a mad man, Yinsen rushes out the door, sending a spray of bullets towards the approaching men.
It boots up quickly, a simple flash of the Stark Logo before the menu pops up.
“This is everything I have.”
Steve can’t help it. The scent of an Alpha on him, body still remembering rough hands and touches, wisps of Heat that he can still blame. He presses forward in a clumsy kiss, aimed mainly at Bucky’s mouth but he misses and lands on the corner instead. He snatches the moment anyway, a soft press of lips, warmth that flows through him in spite of the jacket he’s already wearing. Warmer still.
Steve’s barely aware of the way he rips the sheets in place, his toes curling in pleasure as Tony plunges his thick cock over and over again, blunt head hitting
“Stevos, please.”
There’s nothing but spit and pre-cum that lets him, and it’s entirely amazing when he bottoms out, feels Stevos shudder with the roughness of it all. If Stevos were human, he would probably be bleeding right now. He slaps Stevos right on the ass, moaning himself when that tight heat shivers around his cock, and breathes in to make sure he doesn’t come.
Tony takes the pause and frowns. “It’s all very complicated stuff, I can’t just rush it for the sake of passing, you know that.”
It is only when Tony protests (“God
“Steve?”
“Jarvis?”
Tony shrugs, already motioning for him to bring his fist down. “Well, of course. Safety measure and all, it
“You, however, still had the will to live, and I thought it a shame to let all that courage go to waste. You aim to change the world, perhaps you can do so, perhaps you cannot, but I believe you deserve a chance to try, Anthony Stark.”
Stevos's throat constricts around him, convulsing as the god takes him without choking. It’s all too much, Tony pulls out, coming all over Stevos’s face, rubbing the head of his cock onto that slippery tongue, until it feels like every drop of cum has been wrung out from his body.
Stunned, he swallows and looks around to where the other Agents lay. Most were flat on their back,  a quiet groan from one who as stretching out. Steve was glad at least that he remembered how much was just enough to knock a man unconcscious, and what would cause just enough pain for them to remain coherent. He liked to know his limits.
It irks him, he feels like that sometimes too.
##########
“Yeah. I’m real sorry, Tony.” He mutters, too low for him to hear, gut clenching as his eyes drop to the floor.
Of course, Tony is covered from head to toe in bruises, his wound bandaged by Steve as best he could. Steve wasn’t entirely convinced that Tony wasn’t concussed but he’d been adamant about being checked.
“I can reschedule it. Well,
"Your name is Steven Grant Rogers, correct?" Said the first psychiatrist that he had met, a clipboard on her lap.
“Oh, fuck you, Steve Rogers, you know exactly how much I liked it.” Bucky barks, challenging in just the way that he knows Steve can’t resist but bite back. “Question is, if you can come into terms of liking it.”
“How so?” It
“You are easily entertained. And I could have made it ten if you didn’t worry so much.” Clint chuckles, even though Steve can tell he’s fighting shivers.
“Jesus, what happened?”
“Turn around.” Tony says, breathless and agitated.
Agent smiles.
“Can I have Agent Barton accompany me?”
“And did you two?” Tony does an approximation of
Steve stares at him until he gives.
“Okay.”
“No I- Yeah, it’s just-”
It’s a beat and the mood changes, the growl of the Alpha, his Heat drawing him in, the overbearing urge to roll over and present himself but he can’t with the Alpha on top of him, pinning him on the bed, grinding a rough denim bulge to Steve’s bare ass that would just rub his skin raw if it goes for any longer.
"Yes."
It turns out to be difficult, choosing an Alpha under these circumstances. Natasha assures him that all the Alphas have been background checked and cleared to meet him if he so chooses but it still feels like choosing his own firing squad. No different from going to the mating blocks and hoping to hell that the Alpha who chooses him would know his limit.
It’s why he fondles Stevos’s balls instead, rolls them in his palm, smooth and hairless, taut with arousal. He yanks them sharply, Stevos sucking in a breath at what must be pain and pleasure too garbled in one.
They stare at each other.
he must mean the near meta-human that was Aldrich Killian. Steve had read up enough. “Hurt his arm though, must've been broken in three places right after his tussle with the lava guy, or even before that. Limping cross country on top of it all." The man growls.
“I’m sure you’ll tell me.”
So he waits for Tony to simmer down, taps inquirely at his wrists and wait for permission. They lock eyes, Tony’s an ever deep brown that reminds him of the earth.
There’s a hand on his cheek that brings back his thoughts, he smiles into it, seeking the small offered comfort.
“-awful fucking ass. Pride ain’t gonna do you much good when you’re dead.” Bucky mutters, making sure the blankets are tucked tight around their bodies. “Like hell you’re gonna leave me like this. Like
too close to his skin than what he was used to but someone had reassured him that this was what everyone wore nowadays.
“Thank you, Captain Rogers.” JARVIS says after a ping, light and non-threatening amidst the sketching. He hums in response, changing his strokes from light to heavy as he so needs, short and long pulls of lead along the paper.
“Do you think I’m ready?”
“Get in here Tony, before I maul you.” He breathes, shifting on his back to have a better look at him.
He hadn’t thought he’d be turned into a training Omega here at the blocks, but it’s not the worst thing that could have happened. He's grateful that Ed had kept it utterly simple, and Andrew had been more curious than lustful when it came to his first Omega. He knew that there was always the possibility of getting unsavory characters here in the blocks, but neither had ill-intent on him.
