The small part of him whines, but the detective’s will stands firm. One moment of weakness won’t – Sherlock falls to his knees in pain, his stomach feeling as if he has never eaten anything in his life. The tray is replaced with a small table, on top of it perches a plate of cinnamon buns. Sherlock quickly snatches one, shoving it into his mouth without thinking, not even finishing chewing before he stuffs in a second, a third.
John obeys, folding to his hands and knees and looking across to find Mycroft has undressed and collared Greg in much the same fashion. The grey haired DI is now investigating their table of treats. He reaches for a heavily frosted fairy cake but withdraws as Mycroft taps his fat rump with a riding crop.
"John, please, that much was obvious from the day we met. I was trying to pinpoint your preferences. An experiment seemed the best method to gather unbiased data," replied Sherlock, his tone oddly low and breathy as he continued to massage and squeeze at his new gut.
John follows Sherlock into the next room and slams the door shut, before looking around. A spa wasn't usually where one found bullets, but then this made place didn't seem to run by the rules of  usual rooms.
He felt his stomach growing rounder and rounder, now pushing against his jumper, his abs stretching around the mass in his middle.
"Nah, I'll go," John mumbled. He planted a hand on the table and hefted himself up with a low groan, his bloated belly arching out proudly in front of him as he waddled to the refrigerator. Sherlock crossed his legs. He should leave. Lusting over his straight flatmate- being in love with him perhaps- was one thing. Sitting in close quarters with an erection and encouraging his drunk flatmate to stuff himself to bursting was something entirely different. Sherlock Holmes was a bad, bad man. He chewed the inside of his cheek as John returned and collapsed back into his chair. The good doctor flipped the lid off a large container of chow mein and tucked in without further ado.
"It is," Sherlock agreed, rather breathlessly. He selected another roll and offered it to John at the next opportunity. Clearly John wanted to eat, was planning to regardless of Sherlock's help. He could enjoy this. Just tonight.
At the end of the corridor rests another skeleton. "Human, female, 25 years of age" Sherlock says with a hiccup, "I...believe we've found 'Cindy.' " he finishes coldly, before his lip quivers a little, and he murmurs in a much smaller voice, "She just wanted to be their friend...she didn’t know." Sherlock sniffles, but  John’s hand squeezes the detective’s hand and he’s  back to himself.
“Play nice, Piggy,” he instructs, then stands back to watch like his brother. John crawls towards Greg, his fat heavy belly jiggling against his thighs, breasts jiggling between his plump arms.  Greg looks up from his treat and gives him a happy grunt before turning back to the fairycakes.
He'd wanted to scope out his idiotically massive brother, specifically the way he treated Sherlock’s former bodyguard, now the human version of an overfed golden retriever, Greg Lestrade.
"Desk, middle drawer at the back," The detective inspector answered, grunting and huffing as he wriggled out of his ruined trousers and far too tight pants. He breathed a long sigh of releif, his belly swelling upwards as he came free. He rolled himself up again, groaning as his belly pressed into his erect cock.
"She had. I declined. Desire requires consent by all parties. Only a partner willing to die could be killed. Self-preservation is strong in most creatures."
At last, neither of them could bend around their bellies far enough to reach the table for more food and so they slumped back in their chairs, huge swollen, over stuffed middles on display as they burped softly and waited for all that food to digest so they could move again.
"John is lovely. What about Hogson? Or Potson?" He offered, sliding a hand to John's gut, jiggling the round, fatty thing, his thumb daring to slip into the blondes navel
"Great, you can spare another minute then," John retorted, turning back to the mirror as he heard Sherlock's shoes go back down the hall and a soft thump that meant the detective had flung himself onto the sofa. John had spent every second of those last 20 minutes fretting. He normally handled this sort of thing well. He was curious to meet the famed 'Mummy' that Sherlock and Mycroft always seemed to be squabbling about. And to meet Sherlock's father of course. John supposed he just wished that he had met them before he began a romantic relationship with their doubtlessly treasured youngest son. He imagined older, harsher, Sherlock's, each capable of x-raying his very soul, seeing through the army doctor to the broken adrenaline junkie. John sighed and straightened his tie. Then he stepped out.
Two, enormous spheres of creamy flesh, stretching the seat of the detective's sut pants to the limit. One reach further, and loud *RIP* joined the songs of the other officers, the pale, soft globes now on full display behind the detective as he reached on his hands and knees, fat gut brushing the floor, for more food
He took another piece of pizza and bit into it quickly, his words becoming muffled, "You've saved me too though."
He just set the Food-O-Magic to "Sweet", and soon the kitchen counter was filling not with chocolate chips cookies, warm and gooey with dark chocolate chips. Sweet red velvet cream cheese, caloric enough to ruin the abs of any speedo modeling lifeguard. Ice cream cake. Oreo cookies. Raspberry pie.
Sherlock felt dizzy. Sated but aroused, his hands found Johns perfectly spherical middle, rubbing at it.
Sherlock felt all the air rush out of him, whimper as his big bear of fiancé pressed into him, nodding wildly. He hurried to the kitchen, grabbed a tray of cookies and milk and looked to John shyly, swallowing and nodding towards the bedroom.
"Sher!-Sherlock," John hisses, feeling his heart fold in half as the detective runs off. Oh bloody Hell. Suddenly, every single body in the beds has jolted into an upright position and they're screaming. None of them have faces, just a wall of white flesh but they’re screaming. The doctor falls to his knees, hands clapped over his ears as best as he can while still holding his gun. John suddenly realizes that all the patients, they're all looking to him, screaming at him to help them, save them. Why wouldn't he save them, they needed a doctor, they needed Dr. Watson and he failed them all.
The whip was found with Archie's fingerprints, and the elf dominatrix that runs the chamber insisted Archie was a violent dom. A man of intense submission would never use a whip...would he?" Sherlock asked, swallowing hard as he leaned over to the Food O Matic, typing without being free from John's lardy prison. An entire pizza popped out, covered with sausage, onion, and ham. Next to it was a seafood bounty, clams and mussels. Fried calamari and lobster. All dripping with butter and fat.
Loudly and violently John broke into a powerful orgasm. And Sherlock was unable to suppress his own.
"Well, John," Sherlock took a thick scarf from the hook into his own hands and wrapped it around John's neck, "had we met earlier in life perhaps you'd been a worthy consulting detective's assistant. You do seem less of an idiot than the rest of them."
"But on the mend now. Room service brings up soup on schedule. And they have a duvet. Several, in fact."
Feeling a wave of pure panic wash over him, Sherlock wrapped his arms around his knees, closed his eyes and retreated to his mind palace.
John was away at a conference. The flat was empty. Far too quiet. All the windows were tightly closed. The air stood still.
'I might have wrongly estimated the size of the duvet. You were obviously the right person to contact, John. Amending my order. And adding bedding. - SH'
On the nightstand, neatly lined up, black ribbons, several brushes of different shapes and sizes including a large wooden handle hairbrush. Fuck.
Sherlock sat down, picked up his tea and took a long sip. "John, how long have you known me? I mean, how long since you first heard of me, heard me play?"
An Instagram photo of it on the music rack of his own piano two days ago with the caption 'scary lovely'. He had had to clean up the shards of his dropped tea cup. Cut one finger in the process, too.
And Sherlock looked, really looked at the expression on the man's face and realized he was becoming aroused. So he promptly got up and left.
Who was clearly just as enamored with him. Spreading his thighs to grasp his thick cock in its rough calloused fingers. It took so little. John, breathing in the scent of the wild, the forest, the sex, cried out and orgasmed, his fingers running up the soft velvet.
He didn’t wait for an answer and swooped in for a very thorough kiss. Sherlock was grateful they had the nursery to themselves as he could not refrain from a spot of undignified moaning.
"I've never been more still in my life, John." His teeth clattered and this attempt to remain dignified through the stitches had failed miserably.
If he looked about the room around him traces of John were everywhere. A small smile allowed him distance from dark thoughts.
It had been a simple, utterly unengaging, case. He'd only accepted Lestrade's call to get out of the flat and stretch his legs a bit. Fraud. Money. The owner's cousin. Tedious.
The man exited the car and trampled awkwardly, slipping and sliding with one hand on the vehicle, through the snow to reach John. A tall idiot. Without hesitation John grabbed a wrist and started pulling him along towards the house.
He dried off his hair as he looked over the selection of clothes carefully laid out on his bed. Should he wear a tie?
Their quick escape was thwarted by a young journalist who ran in as John was packing up and politely asked for an interview. John sat back next to the books to answer some questions and Sherlock went outside to smoke assuring him that he didn't mind waiting. The rain had stopped.
Usually he was able to tune it out, but with the case solved and both Lestrade and John yelling at him at top volume, John dramatically waving about a paper cup of tea that was splashing over the soaked cobblestones of the alley, he found the commotion difficult to ignore.
The wait for the tests to come back. He'd drank too much coffee. Contemplated going back to the flat briefly to think in peace, but then decided to visit the victim's office. He texted Lestrade to make arrangements. Far too much coffee.
Of course he was aware of the man's background, he'd become an expert on square-shouldered military bearing and only a blind idiot would have missed the three weapons, a handgun and two knives, the man held in the pockets of his jacket.
The food and wine were served. The waiter glancing at John with some puzzlement. Yeah, yeah, I get to kneel at those polished leather oxfords pretty boy, go away.
He sighed. "Isn't there a family member, or a friend you could stay with, so you wouldn't be on your own?"
Tea at a proper temperature irritated. Spicy food was off the menu for the night. He’d never get his hair how it should be under a cold shower, the coconut oil in his solid conditioner worked well at a higher temperature. And he was afraid to check his reflection in the mirror.
He was pulled up from the floor by strong hands and kissed passionately. John moaned and stretched into the embrace. Finally, finally. He felt expensive wool fabric under his fingers and under it hard muscle. He was grasping, sucking into the most plush lips, breathing in the exquisite combination of expansive soap, tea, man.
They sat in the two armchairs across from each other. The sight of Dr. Holmes in an armchair, crossing his long legs, the leather of his oxfords. John remembered their first meeting. And felt immediate arousal.
They worked together, close, hands occasionally touching, hips grazing once or twice. And John was becoming aware of a happy warmth deep in his chest.
He solved three cold cases for Lestrade by noon and spent two hours contemplating John's behaviour. Although, it wasn't John's behaviour that was uncharacteristic.
"Very local, yes." John laughed passing a wooden honey dipper and watching as Sherlock carefully swirled a teaspoon sized drop onto the side of his plate. He proceeded to dip a fingertip in the honey, bring it to his lips and suck on it. Feeling suddenly very foolish, heat in his cheeks, John cleared his throat, "The hives are not a hundred feet from the chair you're sitting on. So, yeah, very local."
“Surely as a medical professional you’re aware the miasmatic theory has no merit…” Sherlock was now widely gesticulating in the general direction of the murder weapon. Well, the hypothesised general direction of the murder weapon, there was a 76% chance.
"Take a sip." He watched as lips touched glass and tipped a bit of wine into John's mouth, then waited for him to swallow. Then kissed him again, with a bit more need this time. No reason to hide how much he wants this. John's lips now also tasted of the wine, the combination was intoxicating.
Sherlock had watched in a strange kind of awe as John carefully checked on the snow-covered hives, clearing the fallen snow from the entrances. He had leaned down to hear the buzz and asked several questions in a low voice. The attention was... surprisingly pleasing. He'd lived alone for a long time now, long before his retirement on the moor. It suited him.
"Please, come in." Dr. Holmes gestured up the staircase with one elegant hand. "I am upstairs." And stood aside to let him pass. John walked up, steady steps, determined. And fucking thrilled.
A few rough trusts later Sherlock followed, shaky and loud. He lay on top of John with all his weight slowly catching his breath.
John leaned back to look at him brushing his cheek with a thumb. "Hm, starving. Only managed a sandwich at lunch."
John shrugged. “A bit embarrassing. Never made it past the bar last time…” A nervous chuckle. “Met someone. A first date. We were waiting for our table, having a drink at the bar. She kept answering her phone…”
Sherlock even contemplated an alternative, a tactical move, timing John's return with a takeaway to coincide with a premiere of a new BBC series based on a le Carré novel. He cringed at the thought.
Long pale fingers lifted the teapot, came into contact with one spoon. Slowly, as if the man was aware of the effect of the attentive touches on John.
Getting off the train at King's Cross John walked under the station's massive dome among the crowd. A bit different from his day, but just as busy. He had planned to walk to stretch his legs after several hours sitting on the train but it was pouring rain so, backpack and no umbrella, he opted for the tube.
He let his hand slide to touch one cheek, placed his fingers under John's chin and lifted it. Eyes closed, small breaths, lips slightly open. Perfect.
Sherlock gingerly picked up the spoon and looked at John who nodded with encouragement. He finally took the bowl and started eating, slowly first, then with clear pleasure, dipping the bread in the stew, crumbling it all over that blanket, smacking his lips.
John grabbed the headboard with both hands and pushed back impaling himself further as Sherlock stuttered.
Neither of them attempted to fabricate an excuse for why Sherlock was there. Instead, they sat next to the book pile and sipped tea. Sherlock spoke of an upcoming concert and anxiously touched at his wet hair.
He was surprised to see Dr. Holmes pull off his own shoes and socks and kneel in front of him in a reversal of their position from a moment ago.
"It was my pleasure, truly. And speaking about pleasure..." He pinched one buttock quite sharply and John jolted. "I'd like to discuss our day."
He crawled up until he was straddling him and leaned in for another fervent kiss. One of Sherlock's hands grabbed the back of his neck and the other immediately slid down to John's bottom to knead the muscle. With a smirk John allowed himself to be pulled tight to Sherlock's chest.
The world around them had long disappeared and his consciousness was focused on  the man that held him, the man he'd conceded himself to fully. He melted into a long deep kiss with absolute reverence.
Gentle hands unbuttoned his cuffs, thumbs grazing the revealed skin for a moment before a fist closed around one wrist in a strong hold as the other arm reached up to undo the shirt buttons, one by one.
“I still have to type up the jellyfish experiment from my notes. Tomorrow is the next phase, the luminescence will…”
He'd had a good night's sleep, the physical exertion had helped. He stretched his sore arms and back and walked to the kitchen stove to start the fire. He was about to cut up an apple into his oatmeal when he heard a small sound from the porch.
Sherlock did not need to be reminded of the transience of life. The tapping of the death-watch beetle matched the beat of his own nervous heart.
He'd woken John with broken inhales and panicked kisses. And still somehow expecting a frustrated sigh and a back turned, Sherlock found himself with a cup of tea and belly rubs.
John stood at the table shaking off a wet overcoat, ignoring a waiter that hovered a step behind him waiting for the garment. Sherlock promptly stood up and waved the man and the garment away.
He sighed. Underneath it all, pure lust was eating away at his calm. And not only that, but the much more than that he kept at bay for now, unacknowledged, or just barely so.
And John slowly took the hand holding the cigarette and brought its long fingers to touch his own lips as he pulled a puff of smoke in deep, feeling the damp skin touch his, hearing Sherlock's broken inhale that matched his own. It was intimate, erotic even.
"You'll never again kneel before me without explicit order, is that clear? You may nod if you understand and agree."
And this voice of John's he'd not heard before. "There is nothing you need to do, nothing, to make yourself more enticing."
It had been a couple of weeks. And he'd thanked Sherlock for his hospitality already. The man hated repeating himself. But, then, John didn't always follow his train of thought.
"Oh, yeah, the Scriabin groupies are the best at blowjobs." John felt him tense up. "Fuck." Sherlock pushed himself out of John's arms and sat up straight. "I don't..."
"Unfortunately no, hadn't needed one since my retirement. But you can wear one of my long sleeved thermals, under the cardigan?"
Managing to wrestle the too tight leather trousers off in the bath, unlikely he'd ever wear the pair again, Sherlock kicked them towards the sink and stepped into the shower.
John looks around for a utensil that won't crumble at his touch. A silver fork is suddenly laying on the table behind him.
"Y-yes, please," he said, letting his mouth fall open, trying to push up his belly into John's massive gut.
"Not a question I can answer with certainty," the bloated demon mumbled, now shoveling down seafood. His lips and fingers glistened with fat. He belched.
He finished the slice and sipped at his tea, tummy beginning to slosh lightly under his corset, feeling the tight thing strain against. He sipped again, then set down the mug.
"Er..." said Sherlock, attempting to conjure up a haughty air. "Maybe you should. Bed. You're drunk, John."
He found a hastily scribbled note on his laptop. Oh, so a case then. John sighed and pulled his jacket back on. Looked like Sherlock's 'punishment' would have to wait. Damn.
"Good, piggy," John praised, feeding Sherlock more and more, rubbing at the mans' huge belly, still amazed that it was there.
At the last container of Thai he paused, rubbing his hands over his stuffed middle. This should've gone to John, the man needed to eat more anyway, and he was unclear about hoarding all the food for himself. He waddled about his room for a moment, finding a lace corset from a case a while back.
The hallway is quiet, except for the sound of that cheery music, which Sherlock can’t help but find himself bouncing along to. He hears gunshots, and rushes towards what appears to be some brownie-based stairs.
Sherlock tried to tug away, then simply latched onto his lover, resting his cheek atop the man's cap.
The detective spent the evening on five different dating sites collecting subjects. He took John to a bar on the premise of a case. Some hogwash about a barman with an inclination for serving sparkling cyanide. John bought it without question. The subjects were set up to arrive thirty minutes apart and chat John up. Sherlock would be recording his flatmate's responses in a mental spreadsheet.
He chuckled and carved out another piece of treacle after Sherlock left. His eyes fluttered closed as his stomach groaned. He forced it down however, rubbing idly at the side of the round ball of fat his abs had become. He let out the softest groan, then finished his tea.
It’s a hallway and, while there's a definite clicking and shuffling at the end of it, Sherlock just can’t move anymore. The detective pants breathlessly, sobbing very hard, stomach feeling like he has swallowed a dozen razor blades.
“Come here,” John growled, tucking his chin down, beckoning with his fingers as he set the box down on the exam table. Sherlock waddled over from the other side of the room obediently. Molly blinked, unable to believe her eyes. Waddle was exactly the right word. The almost inhuman paleness of his skin had become flushed and pink The usually impeccable curls were a mess, the hard cold eyes were huge and dark, the firm line of his mouth was gone.. Instead the man’s lips were parted, his tongue wetting them as he crossed the room. And it wasn’t Sherlock’s normal powerful stride, his steps were slow and hesitant, almost lazy, his stance wide to balance the pale bloated belly arching out over the hem of his trousers. If Molly had been in disbelief before, she was now certain that she was experiencing some sort of hallucination. Sherlock Holmes looked pregnant. His belly was distended quite heavily from under his slender rib cage. His belly fought visibly with the buttons of his shirts, skin squashing out between them, his navel looking stretched and tight.
The eyes stare solemnly back and a low murmur echoes back in a voice that slurs with a German accent. "Different appetites."
"Your mum's a good cook," John murmured, smiling as he allowed himself to look over Sherlock again, "Don't think I've ever seen you eat like that before."
The army doctor picks it up and stares at it in disbelief. More bullets. John quickly loads his gun and makes for the door, pushing it open. The corridor is dark, but smells dank rather than sweet. I stand for a moment, trying to let my eyes adjust.
Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, and his flatmate, John Watson, have been kidnapped by Moriarty. They were taken to a large, most likely secluded, building somewhere outside of London. No one, as far as they know, is aware of their abduction as of late, though soon either Sherlock’s brother or Gibby Lestrade will start searching.
"Noticed have you?" John asked, stepping over and reaching down to heft at Sherlock's great belly, groaning softly at the weight of it.
His blue eyes glowed bright again, then dimmed and darkened to a rich blue. The demon's features became less harsh and otherworldly, though no less handsome or familiar. He belched, and chuckled, his rosy cheeks causing his eyes to crinkle.
John feels his mouth go oddly dry at that, his fingers pressing into Sherlock’s softened flesh as they squeeze out of the door and onto a green hillside.
"I've given you precisely twenty so far," came Sherlock's stroppy grumble through the bathroom door.
"Jaawwwn!" He laughed, extending his arms out to his partner, willing him to leave his chair and snuggle with the detective.
John growled happily and pressed into Sherlock as far as he could go, his belly resting heavily on the man's back. Then he pulled out again and slid in more quickly, building up a rhythm until he was pounding into Sherlock, his belly shaking and jiggling with the motions, his fingers digging into the detective's pale hips for purchase, admiring the few extra pounds that had crept onto the bones there.
He opened the box, eyes going wide and brain shutting down. Sherlock looked from it to John, mouth falling open.
John chuckled and gave his lover's hand a squeeze. He knew that wasn't entirely true, but Sherlock's humor was heartening.
Well Sherlock was a grown man now, and suddenly Mycroft and his former bodyguard were more round and spry and ageless than ever. So he'd snuck into a party he shouldn't be at, filling his own soft, spoiled little stomach with appetizers, his black suit straining around his growing, greedy tummy, bubble butt filling out his trousers to the point of screaming.
Sherlock knits his eyebrows together in annoyance "I’m fine John, obviously." His stomach growls loudly, and he lays a hand on it. The detective’s eyes widen in horror. It feels....soft.
"Boooo! Cry baby! Just fuck already! Jesus! Just don’t think about being on top Fattylock, you’ll probably crush him!" There’s a cruel cackle.
"A life of eating and fucking with you two? Yeah. Sounds good," he said, then popped it into his mouth and lay back against Sherlock as Greg leaned over to kiss him. John hummed, then rubbed his stomach.
“Maybe I can teach you some manners,” John continued, his tone crisp and firm and deep. He walked past the dark window of the door Molly was watching through but didn’t see her. He was shirtless, the fluffy jumper discarded to reveal nothing but strong lines of hard muscles under tan skin. Molly felt her mouth go a bit dry. John picked up a box from one of the lab benches. It looked rather like the big box of doughnuts leftover from the break room.
The first button to go was off the tailored shirt of Officer Daniels, outside Greg’s office, who stared but then continued stuffing his face wildly. Then others began to follow after in what could have been a perfect symphony of popping buttons and sagging bellies that burst confining clothes, large and round. They gurgled as their owners continued to fill them, the skin stretching tight, belts being pawed at with one hand to try to let them out while continuing to eat.
But he was a gentleman, and attempting to make a good impression and so John Watson did his utter best to swallow any burps that tried to escape him, even as he felt the pressure in his belly building. Then at last, dinner was over and they were to head back to London. John surprised himself by being able to stand afterall. He tugged his shirt down and thanked the Holmeses again and again for a wonderful evening. Then he took Sherlock by the hand and did his best not to waddle as they left. Once the door closed behind them, they walked to the cab they had called. Within two steps of it, Sherlock let out an almighty belch and moaned, almost falling into John, his face burning.
He hears a faucet open behind him, a sink he could swear wasn’t there before, cold water pouring from it - a bizarre peace offering. Sherlock puts his hand under it, cooling the burn, but when he pulls back his whole hand smells like blue Kool-Aid. He grimaces and wipes his hand on his coat.
“Well, My took care of it actually. Good to have someone looking after you isn’t it?” Greg adds happily, rubbing his bulging belly.
The detective responded a few moments later, John's warm hands making quick work of the hyper-sensitive detective. He slumped forward onto the desk, panting
"Oh," Sherlock said, trying not to sound upset about his flat mate exercising. "I'm sure you can skip one day, perhaps we both need a day to relax, we haven't seen too much of each other lately, what with cases and your promotion." He offered, anything to keep his John sedentary and eating. He munched down his slice, sipping at his tea and taking another
! God I just.." Sherlock trailed off, crammed the rest of his doughnut into his mouth, his concave belly rounding out to press lightly against his tight, silk shirt
"Just a little snack," said John, pulling the lid off of the ice cream and using one of the wafers to scoop some of it up. It was perfectly soft and creamy. Sherlock's eyes lit up, then he smirked and pushed himself up to accept the treat. He clearly had guessed John's plan. Well, ice cream and soda. It was a fairly simple deduction.
He tramped up the stairs and pushed the door open. Well. Best to go all in. He let out a resounding jolly laugh.
The detective’s stomach gurgles again, digesting all the calories he’s just consumed, and Sherlock lets out a small belch. His coat was blown off when the siren threw him, and he bends down to pick it up.
He brought it up to his room and hid everything under his duvet, crisps, little wrapped cakes, biscuits, soda....
It was true that Sherlock Holmes could often be rather brash. His comments could be brutal in their honesty or simply intense in their onslaught. Still, it was rare that he actually succeeded in reducing Molly to tears. She understood that he often didn’t realize that his words could cut her to the quick. John had helped a bit. He both seemed to temper Sherlock and offer the needed condolences to anyone subjected to the detective’s rapier of observations. Still, it had been a bad week and his offhand comment on how she must be a bad pathologist indeed to not know exactly how her cat had died last month had been the blow that finally burst the dam.
"It's all...all this...all you?" The detective breathed, licking his lips, cock hardening rapidly as he stroked the doctor's sides.
"I'd say it's worth keeping around... yeah," he murmured, smirking at John. "This is... better than I could ever have imagined."
Sherlock tries and shakes his head, tries to just get a hold of himself but he can’t. He  can’t keep crying, he can’t keep eating, he can’t let John
Sherlock smiled, letting this innocent portion of his fantasy play out, a slow feeding between him and the man he...loved. John couldn’t possibly know just how wild this situation would drive him. Sherlock leaned forward, munching on the slice, chewing and swallowing as he finished the slice, sipping at his milk and settling a bit more into the doctor's side, offering another slice to his John, then another, worried removing his hand would end this perfect scenario, rubbing softly and slowly, offering one of the last slices.
"Inviting me in?" he murmured, almost a whisper. He brushed his lips along Sherlock's neck again, pinned him down with more of his weight.
"Door's open, boss," he growled as he stepped over to help the smaller man out with the large box that was taking up the other seat.
“Hogs don’t use their hands, dear,” he says lightly. Greg nods  and then eagerly tucks in, face first, his lips and cheeks covered in icing and crumbs. John stares, then jumps as he feels Sherlock slap his own arse.
The detective watched as Deliah saw John and came over. Her smile was bright and her voice thick with an Estuary accent.
"Fuck... shouldn't have done that," he said, giving Sherlock a nervous half smile. He swallowed. What did... what did Sherlock think of him now? His soldier gone soft and gluttonous- he stopped. That line of thought was not helping his erection.
Sherlock's eyes went wide, shimmering with emotion. Part of his brain screamed, "This could be a burglar! A hired gun!" but the overwhelming part of him felt only a flood of childhood innocence he didn't know he still had within him.
John had warned Sherlock that he was an unusual drunk. Upon setting out with Lestrade for the evening for some sort of social event Sherlock hadn't bothered to remember what was, his flatmate had advised him to avoid him upon his return. Sherlock had been dubious, if a bit curious. Was John violent? Or was the man apt to babble and giggle until he vomited? It turned out that the answer was neither. John never failed to surprise him.
"I'll...well I’ll see if I can’t get all that jam cleaned up while you’re running," Sherlock said, standing with a grunt, letting out a small burp at the corset pressed his stomach.
Sherlock gasped, then whimpered as he became flush with John's massive middle, burying his head into the crooked of the man's neck with a groan, hurriedly straightening, stopping himself from kissing the man's shoulder.
Sherlock wanted him to smile. To be happy. To feel nothing but pure bliss at all times. He'd give John anything, his money, his house, his-
He crossed to be closer to the man, setting his plate down, accepting another glass of wine as he shed his own mask. Features pale, a glass statue. Beautiful and delicate, but sharp.
"Not going to slow down? There's pie as well," Sherlock teased fondly. John groaned, looking at his plate a moment.
He brings his hands down to grab at it, surprised, when he can lift it up easily.  He holds it at full arm’s length away from himself.
"Of course I stayed." He waved the mobile. "A sexy man waiting for me in bed. Plus updates and bed selfies to tweet, @watson_novelist #amazingbuttsex and all that."
Small smiles at breakfast that Sherlock always helped prepare, followed by quick exits, afternoon messages right on cue, carefully chosen dinners with quiet exchanges about the day. Sherlock's Twitter feed again only sheet music and links to other pianists' videos, recital dates. He was incredibly subdued. No more outbursts, provocations, no flirting or risqué jokes.
At least the husband was slightly entertaining. An actor, apparently of some renown. And not just reality television. There were various polished statues lined up on a mantle, plus a prominently displayed ribbon of one or other of the chivalric orders. The irritating young constables, of both sexes, kept ‘being helpful’, but even Lestrade had straightened his overcoat collar three times and stood just a step too far from the man as he pointed out details, nodding seriously.
Still with the sole of his shoe firmly planted over John’s foot, Sherlock reached over the table and wrapped his fingers around John’s wrist.
He barely had time to take off his helmet and try to compose himself a bit when the door opened to frame the man who had occupied his thoughts so persistently in the past days. And he was stunning. Impeccable suit, styled hair. And a pair of properly polished black leather shoes. John was lost for words, smiling foolishly.
Sherlock hurriedly stuffed a biscuit in his mouth, then another, then another, over-sugaring both their teas as he desperately tried to calm down, hiccups only increasing as his now incredibly overfilled middle clashed with his corset.
Sherlock slipped off his compression shorts, a pair of yellow panties the only keeping his hard cock from freedom, his absurdly wide ass flubbing out behind him. Two, perfectly full moons of pure, snowy fat. They spread out beneath him as he settled down onto the sofa, reaching forward and taking a handful of cake, shoveling it down, imagining John was egging him on, imagining himself egging John on, simply swelling fuller and fuller as his gut gurgled and groaned.
"It's too dark to see anything, but I'm guessing trying to follow Moran's tracks is as good a plan as any," he murmurs, clearing his throat as well and straightening now that Sherlock is back to his usual
"We need to keep moving," John decides, hearing something rustling at the back of the room again. He holds up his gun, ready. He sees movement, but doesn't fire yet. But do they go in... or back to the hall? Bread crumbs... bread crumbs. Something rustles again and John grabs Sherlock’s wrist, tugging the detective behind a bookcase.
John groans, grinding up into an equally massive arse, two moon-like spheres that jiggle when he ambles along for Sherlock Holmes no longer strides as he used to. John hefts one in each hand and lets them fall, presses them together and then rolls them apart. He snaps the too small thong playfully, making Sherlock jump at the smack.
"John" Sherlock repeated, dumbly, feeling himself sink into the perfect sphere, his hands reaching out to squeeze at those enormous love handles, daring to sink his bony fingers into them, gripping and caressing.
"Just a bit more left," said John, reaching up to help Sherlock with the bottle as the man took a breather again. The detective immediately let out a monstrous wet belch, clutching his stomach and groaning. John gave the detective's belly a pat and then pushed the bottle to Sherlock's lips again.
"I-It was a mystery?" John repeated, clearly distracted. Sherlock opened an eye and smirked even more. Very distracted.
He popped a few painkillers he found in the bedside table, then sat on the side of the bed, stretching upward.
"We're so happy to finally meet you, John. Sherlock's told us so much about you," said Mrs. Holmes, finally settling down beside her husband.
The scuttle is coming closer, moving more slowly than whatever passed by John earlier. The ex army doctor hides behind a desk that seems to be made of dark chocolate. There’s a soft clicking noise as the scuttling pauses. The sound of chewing. John measures his breath even as his heart pounds and scoots carefully away across the floor. He looks back
“You’re taking me to that Indian buffet I like,” Sherlock continues, smoothing his suit jacket before flicking his steely gaze4 back up to John’s face. “Understood, Captain?”
This man is frankly enormous, mountainous, the remainders of his shirt stretched taught over his shoulders, a great pale belly spilling out under a very round face to meet swollen hips that look ready to tear the fine material straight in two.
Sherlock was excited to get Gavin's call about an update in their most recent case. A series of serial robberies - seemingly random break-ins that had left London's upper-class collector's fearful for the disappearance of their antique Russian dolls or their limited edition glass eggplants. The crimes were silly, if the detective was being blunt, but the items were quite valuable to their collectors, and a lot of money could be made off them under the correct circumstances.
"Did the dominatrix Madame DaVein ever call for a scenario with a Desire Demon in which she...in which she kills..." Sherlock asked, his hands slipping to the sides of John's belly, kneading the dough there lovingly.
He had discovered his kink, and now it was almost constantly wriggling at the back of his mind. He ate heavily at every meal that he could risk it, reveling when Sherlock was at Bart's or giving testimony, and just going whole hog, glutting, gorging, stuffing himself until he could do no more than collapse against the sofa, hiccuping. His runs became cab rides to the nearest bakery or sandwich shop where he would chow down on big beefy sandwiches or rich doughnuts, humming contentedly as his belly swelled out against his workout clothes.
“Y-yes, John,” Sherlock whimpered, spreading his legs and then wrapping them around the shorter man’s hips.
He walked to the doughnut shop around the corner, where the owner hailed him by name. He was immediately served three large custard filled doughnuts which he ate happily with a cream tea. He sat, hiding one arm, one hand softly stroking his belly. He thought about bringing a box home to Sherlock but well... that might give him away. Best to be careful.
Sherlock leaned in and nibbled at the D.I.'s thick, creamy thigh, toying with his balls before licking a up the length of the Inspector's shaft
The music turns loud enough to hurt his ears, and his fingers drop the delight into his open mouth. The detective coughs and sputters a bit, but then the flavor of the treat explodes in his mouth. Pure joy and love and wonder all rush through his body, and he lets out a groan, his knees weakening with pleasure.
"Happy Thanksgiving," said Sherlock with a soft smile, "Thought we should keep up the tradition. For Mary."
John returned a half hour later, his purchase in a brown paper bag. He hesitated a moment, pondering. No, better not to give Sherlock even a chance to deduce what he was doing before he revealed the surprise. He ducked into Mrs. Hudson's and changed, pulling a pair of baggy red trousers up over his jeans and stepping into black boots. He slung on the roomy red and white coat and did it up. Maybe he should have gotten it a size down, but that hadn't seemed to fit his muscular shoulders properly. He pulled on a white fluffy beard and pulled the hat onto his head. He looked absolutely ridiculous, John thought, pulling on black gloves as well. Still, if it got a smile out of Sherlock...
"Ah, Fuck, I might ask you the same question," he panted, chuckling breathlessly, "Ever since... that case... that video I've just been- Fuck , look at you Sherlock!"
Sherlock grunted around the mass of food in his mouth and ambled back over to the young crying woman.
"Good your keeping busy though. Surgery's been rather slow lately." John wasn't exactly complaining. That meant he had more time to eat at his desk during the day. He muffled a burp and shifted back a little to take some pressure off his stomach which was now definitely pushing onto his thighs and out from under his shirt. Luckily the robe was still covering him completely. Though it was feeling bothersome and tight. He pushed the band down a bit, willing to risk it with a table between the two of them.
There's a small note in the corner of the television - "Find out where he is in one guess, or he's dead - With love, JM"
He heard John's resultant sharp intake of breath and smirked. Then he stripped out of his pajamas, leaving only a highly strained pair of pants left, digging into soft hips and causing perfectly squeezable love handles to bloom over top. Sherlock stepped onto the scale and heard it whir and spin wildly. John was at his side, bending around his mass, one hand stroking along the detective's round gut, his thumb pinching slightly, forming a roll that he could grip and knead.
"You.... you are truly starved. How delicious," the demon purred, his hands wandering his new subject's form. "So thin."
John breathed in and let his breath flow out, humming as he felt the man's desire continuing to grow. He shook his hips, love handles jiggling in Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock followed like an excited, drunken puppy, looking over the plate carefully. He drew a hand to his chin, stroking it over-dramatically. The detective swapped two cookies, the took John's hand gently, part of his brain noting just how... soft it felt.
"Hmph, ate them away. Speaking of, what happened to Sherlock Holmes the skeletal detective? Hmm? Looks like you ate him... twice," John teased, chuckling and now slipping his hands over those soft plush hips to grope at that glorious arse, hefting each doughy sphere of fat, humming as the flesh bounced.
"And Mrs. Hudson came by with treacle. I think I might have some of that, myself," he continued, fetching it and setting everything out on the table. He ought to have quite a lot of it actually, and whipped cream. Loads of it. Christmas was only getting closer. He brought the teas over and sat with a sigh, his belly rounding out under his robe and pooching onto his thighs ever so slightly. He served himself a hefty portion and doused the sticky dessert in whipped cream before tucking in.
John grapples with Moran, he's larger than John, more sadistic, and goes right for where it hurts, twisting John’s bad arm and giving him a good punch to the gut. John does his best to throw him off, but he's heavy. John manages to elbow Moran in the throat and he chokes before his arm closes around John’s own and traps him in a head lock. John freezes as he squeezes and the doctor’s vision flickers. Moran shouts for the patients to fall silent again.
He eyed the boxes wistfully. True, it was harder to hide in this clothing, but hot fresh pizza was hard to beat.
Then he pushed the material down, his pectorals soft and swaying under padded shoulders. Then a large round and fat belly blorped into being, jiggling and wobbling as he pushed the tight material down past it, love handles expanding as his gut sagged out and down. John groaned and gave his belly a hard slap, sending it dancing, then slipped a finger in to play with his wide deep navel, tickling the golden hairs that were scattered around it.
"You're fucking beautiful like this," Greg panted, looking down all doe eyed and soft at what he could see of Sherlock around his own big jiggly belly. Somehow that fact only made him hotter. He moaned.
They left the scene an hour or so later, Sherlock munching on yet another doughnut as a reward for a case well solved. His stomach gurgled.
"Thanks. Needed this," John added, smiling groggily and patting his belly again. He cupped it in both hands and wobbled off to his room. "Niiiiight, Sher-humph-lock!"
“Well, the date was canceled then and there, at the bar. Between her taking two phone calls. A successful international curator…” John shrugged. “I was found… lacking.”
The shoes were next. He knelt down with slight difficulty and flinched as he slid off wet leather and freezing, mostly wet, socks.
They'd spent the evening quietly resting, moments of leisurely conversation, sips of excellent wine. And continuously aware of how aroused they both were.
"And I do have friends. And I do meet a lot of people through my work. I will meet some of them for drinks in the future."
And just as the hour was about to pass, he prepared tea and served it on a tray lined with white linen, in a very formal fine bone china teapot with matching cups and saucers.
Soon he was able to see the vehicle in the light of the torch and a figure inside. He walked right up and banged on the window. "Hey, you're stuck!"
Sherlock, coat, scarf and shoes still on, sat in his armchair and watched the empty one opposite. There was a cheap paperback on the side table and he reached for it. A thriller. Didn't John have enough thrills in his life with Sherlock? He started on the first page.
He always kept the door unlocked but now he rested a hand on the lock cautiously. Carefully he peeked out at the bench with his boots and some of the garden tools. Nothing was knocked down, nothing was out of place. It felt surreal. No, living alone in the cabin for the past two years had not made him insane. He was a doctor, well, former doctor, military trained and discharged only due to the injured shoulder. The nightmares were... well. But, no. He regularly drove to town to pick up his pension and buy supplies. He had a book publisher eager to get their hands on the second novel currently in progress. He was not a hermit slowly going insane and having visions of magical creatures. Even his fiction was realistic - bullets and surgery, conflict zones and camaraderie.
They stayed tightly holding onto each other for some time. John sank into his buck's arms, smiling with joy as his muscles unwound, his eyes closed.
“Donovan wasn’t even there and you kept yelling at her to ‘make up her bloody mind and stop wasting their lives’, what was that about?!” John spoke quietly enough not to alarm the driver but with a distinct hiss of tension in his voice. “And where are we going now? There have been no fresh reports of blood or notes or anything? Or have you solved it and are keeping it to yourself?”
John stepped into the sitting room just then and watching Sherlock's hands made a strange, stuttery sound. Setting two cups of tea on the table with a loud thud he turned on his heels and marched down the hallway.
John's eyes immediately went to the nightstand and Sherlock allowed him a moment to take in the carefully arranged items.
John soaped his body with efficient moves. The hair on his body darker under the spray of the water, curls of pubic hair in prominent contrast with his skin. He was stunningly beautiful, compact, muscled. When he reached towards his erect cock, Sherlock grabbed his wrist.
And the buck made the strange clicking sound and dropped an apple. It rolled towards John and he picked it up, set to cutting it into a bowl.
Attending this conference and giving a paper about his research had been a condition of the department signing off on an order of a piece of lab equipment he had already waited too long for. He sighed and sunk back into the leather seat. He could feign one conversation, make sure Dr. Stamford noticed, then excuse himself supposedly to get another drink but really to escape to his room.
Now John held his hand during taxi rides. Casually when he was busy with a case, and teasingly, all calloused fingertips circling around joints in what Sherlock was sure was blatant innuendo, after their successes.
Or did his feelings develop over time? The man constantly surprised him, challenged him. A collection of contradictions, a doctor who had killed. Well, on the ‘bad days’.
As he turned to look back John faced a prominent erection protruding from the now thicker fur covering the buck's lower belly and thighs.
"The one who interviewed you. All blond hair, long legs, white teeth, fit and perfect and clearly willing, laughing and touching your knee." He cleared his throat. "I didn't think I'd see you again after that."
Links to articles ranging from terrestrial sonar to architecture as an art of interrupting shadows, his research for the upcoming chapters.
Sherlock refused to discuss John's assistance in his returning to the flat, and he clearly was able to afford the hotel for the time being. John thought about Sherlock becoming a recluse, like Tesla, feeding pigeons from his window and mumbling at the wall, alone. The thought made him uneasy.
“She was the only other person who had access! She chose the dreadful noise… music in the salon! It was the owner’s mother!”
They spent the evening opposite each other at the sitting room desk, John typing up another blog post, Sherlock a scathing email reply to Mycroft after unsought suggestions he ‘consult the family solicitor at once’ and not make any ‘unsound decisions’.
Will John finally say something? His silence on the matter had initially been a relief, but after nine consecutive nights Sherlock found it disquieting.
"... should not be an issue with adequate lubrication." He looked around the dark room. "John?" He checked the clock, 03:16. He'd taken too long to prepare his argument and had executed his scripted speech long after John had retired to the bedroom. He did have a tendency to speak to the man even when he was absent. Sherlock sighed, set down the violin bow and climbed the stairs towards the low sounds of snores. It was bedtime.
"Bill?! But..." He took a deep breath. "Bill is married, two kids, lives in New York. He's an old friend from university, in town for a day."
And finally, just minutes ago, a fucking selfie in dim morning light, disheveled grayish hair on crushed pillow, reading glasses. And the caption, 'spent the night with @watson_novelist, trembling, what a ride'.
Sherlock listened. John Watson was competent, and unlike last night, relaxed, even gregarious. Of course, as was always the case, the research was not as revolutionary as what Sherlock was working on, but the level of innovation was a pleasant surprise. He was also extremely eloquent, making all the right jokes and easily prompting his collaborators to take part in the conversation.
He felt ready to give up everything to this man. The need was overwhelmingly strong. He took deep breaths.
"It's just the laptop? No, notebooks, or... I don't know, reference books, writer stuff?" He reached out and touched the unplugged blue ethernet cable with one long pale finger, then the CD with his dedication. A small anxious smile on his beautiful lips.
Sherlock shaved slowly, leisurely, listening to the sounds of the routine - scrape of blade, and again, tap water running in a narrow stream, splash, slow breaths, scrape, and again.
Just when he was sure the man must have left the conference, he reappeared. Sitting across from him at the dinner table Dr. Stamford dragged him to.
"Alright, time for the proving basket. The magic here happens overnight." And meeting Sherlock's open gaze he felt himself blush. Who was the ridiculous man now, oh.
Arms uncrossed, then crossed again. “Good, because if you have and you’re keeping me on my feet running around London looking at pieces of rock just for the sake of…”
He woke up early, determined to leave yesterday's foolishness behind and have a good time. After a quick shower he was down for a large breakfast and a pot of tea as soon as the restaurant opened.
John finished the washing up and placed the last plate on the draining board. Drying his hands on a tea towel he watched as Sherlock arranged all the teas and other gifts in the cupboards, making sure the newly bought items mixed with the other boxes and jars, as if they'd already somehow been there. Fortified with dinner, scones and tea the man had finally relaxed and taken off his tweed jacket. And John was not about to tell him the back of his shirt was untucked.
He was dumbfounded and just stared for a moment longer while Sherlock started fidgeting and pulling his hand away. John reached out and brushed his cheek. "You have no idea... Sherlock..." And he pulled him closer and finally, finally kissed him again. And Sherlock moaned into the kiss and crumpled into John's hands. He tasted of sugar, tea and cigarettes. John could barely contain his eagerness as he sucked and licked his way into Sherlock's soft open lips.
"Just until the morning. To be on the safe side, although everything's looking well so far. You'll tell the staff if the wrist bothers you too much. Well," he pointed the pen at Sherlock, "I'll warn the night shift you'll be staying, but best let him rest. My Mindy also refused to leave when I fell on the ice three winters ago. Kept me awake with her fussing. So none of that or it'll be two nights and I'm sure you want him home sooner than later!"
"What can appear online, what can't. I am an approval seeking maniac a lot of the time online. Baiting attention with embarrassing and self deprecating shit." He laughed nervously and shook his head. "Fucking shower selfies."
Well, perhaps that was an exaggeration, he did still feel quite ill, his skin still pulled and burned, but it was…
John was biting his lip. That earned him another severe pinch. He responded beautifully, thrusting his thick cock against Sherlock with a moan.
He was grinning like a madman and surely the man could tell. "Yes, yes, of course, anytime. The weather has been unseasonably warm..."
He took a fresh bottle of lubricant and some towels from the bathroom and returned to bed. Judging from previous days he thought he had twenty or so minutes before Sherlock woke, so quite enough time, even for someone as out of practice as he was.
Three months since John moved in. And with him, of course, George the cat and John's vinyl record collection and his pile of mismatched "but they're all black it doesn't matter" socks. He'd mixed the socks with his own neatly folded ones. And had worn them, too.
They continued like this, small bites of food, licks of tongue, sips of wine, kisses. It felt incredibly intimate, erotic.
And then his hands touched the piano's keys. The first adagio brought shivers down John's spine. But what followed was a furious and passionate recital that seemed to increase in tempo up to a point where John felt they were all sitting on the edge of their seats and wondering if he'll make it to the end. He did.
He took the glove and flowering willow branch inside and carefully placed it on the table. The glove looked as if something, someone had chewed on it. It was still intact. He drank more tea and looked at the arrangement. Was the branch a sign of apology? For what? Borrowing a glove? He shook his head and laughed.
His publisher was thrilled at exposure to the 40K+ of Sherlock's followers, retweets from numerous known and unknown people, a noticed uptick in online sales. His editor was asked to see that he reply, retweet, re... He refused.
The scent that now enveloped his damp skin heightened each sensation and too soon John started moaning and pushing into that hot mouth. It was rough and uncoordinated and he orgasmed almost painfully hard, hands gripping antler and fur.
He looked up to see a fiery gaze framed by the grapevine-wrapped monumental antlers. The buck was making hoarse guttural sounds, both hands holding John's face as if in reverence of what it saw. With a sigh it pulled John off and moved to kneel in front of him.
Lunch with the French led to him missing the first afternoon session but the long meeting opened up a possibility for a joint research funding application. Then two sessions, one just ok, the other dreadfully uninteresting.
For too long the man was silent, but when he spoke there was warmth in his voice. "John, if you want something to stop you will use the word 'stop'. Is that clear?"
There was some fumbling with the lubricant and he felt gentle fingertips slide down between his buttocks.
Sherlock did not need to be reminded of the transience of life. The tapping of the death-watch beetle matched the beat of his own nervous heart.
"Oh, no, no more of that. We're going to change into dry clothes and have a glass of water and talk about this. Are you hungry?"
Settling him close between his spread legs, John sitting sideways with his legs folded, head turned and one cheek over Sherlock's stiff cock, taking care his arms were positioned comfortably and no pressure was put on the scarred shoulder, Sherlock, one thumb still touching that tongue, placed his other hand on the back of John's head and ran his fingers through his hair. John's breathing had picked up. Probably the sudden repositioning but perhaps also being allowed to touch, possibly even smell Sherlock's desire for him.
His heart pounding, John rubbed his face into the buck's lightly furred shoulder and took in deep breaths of his fragrance. It had been too long. Small nips at his cheek, over his lips, licks and kisses. He trembled and felt his eyes tear up.
"Calm down, doctor, I am not a villain from one of your paperback spy novels," he nudged his head towards the single bookshelf, "ones you keep next to your old, clearly outdated, medical textbooks. Sentimental?"
"We haven't known each other for long but if you need any sort of support, including financial support, I'm fully prepared..."
John Watson was a determined man. Successful in his research, well respected in the academic community, an easy collaborator, loved by his PhDs.
The man had not appreciated Sherlock's offhand comment about his own impossibility to partake in the brothel's offerings and, so, he was now sitting on the edge of their bath as John stuck tiny plasters to close the small cut low on his forehead.
“Not crawling in sewerage, again, no. Not buying a new jacket when even the specialist dry cleaners can’t get rid of the diseased smell, not again!”
Sherlock bowed his head, his bottom lip pouting and beginning to shake a bit. John quickly brought him closer.
"The last one is particularly good, I could hardly put it down. The nervous energy, and all the truly filthy relationships. I kept it next to me when I played, for days. Tried to channel that vitality in my own work, I guess." He blushed and took a sip of his beer.
"Just tea is fine." Sherlock got up, shirt, pants and the ridiculous socks, grabbed his trousers from the clothes airer and started to pull them on. He inspected the jacket.
Right. He could do this. He straightened his hair once more and shifted on his feet. Should have taken the cab, he was now sweaty in his jacket. Should have gone home for another shower.
He shifted and John Watson walked past him into the room. He stood by the bed, clearly vibrating with excitement. His breathing was accelerated. And the twitchy hands. Still, it was clear he was trying to contain himself, to please. Again, good.
As soon as the waiter walked him in he set eyes on the man. Impeccable. A halo of soft dark curls. An impossibly flattering purple shirt, the top buttons open to reveal a long, pale, stunning neck. And one long finger dragging along the edge of a glass.
When Sherlock took the stage, wrapped in formal white tie, staring at his feet, and all nervous tics, the audience greeting drowned out John's sharp inhale. He looked fragile and anxious. And devastatingly beautiful.
He did not want to risk frostbite of the delicate anal tissue and focused on spanking the full surface of John's gorgeous arse.
And just as they were leaving, John still awkwardly standing with the pen in his hand, Sherlock turned around and winked at him.
Touches became kisses and bites. Never hard enough, but a constant stimulating stream. His breath stuttered.
A book signing was the least stressful of promotional events. In fact, John enjoyed them. Smiles, brief exchanges, with people who had read some of his work, friends who came for support, shoppers who thought a signed book would make an interesting present, he even had a few fans. It was easy, casual. There were bookmarks that matched the glossy cover and wine gums in a glass bowl. And the book. Another book that took almost a year to finish and now was finally out. He knew it was a good one and was thrilled to share it with the world.
"Hmm... think that's what's done it?" he murmured as he chewed. He swallowed it down and resumed rutting his belly into Sherlock's affections, gasping and whining as the man explored his navel. He took more thick bites of greasy burger.
"Sherlock," John says firmly, pocketing his gun and reaching out to grab Sherlock’s wrists to keep the man from eating himself to death. "Sherlock, look at me, listen. You can stop. You're always so in control. 'Not hungry' that's you."
"Ah, that's better," he sighed, leaving it on his thighs for now, making him look like he was overflowing at the hips, his arse spilling out the back, fleshy hips and fleshier belly on full display.
,"  she says more forcefully, one sharp hand grabbing Sherlock’s ass hard enough to bruise, the other pushing him backward into the pool, where two other sirens rise up, grab him by the arms, and move Sherlock towards the chocolate faucet.
His arms reached around John as much as they could, fondling the man's back in sheer, animalistic desperation.
John slipped his finger into the man's navel, tugging lightly at the sides. Sherlock released a soft gasp, his back arching as he turned lazy warm eyes onto John.
Meanwhile, Jim Moriarty is throwing a tantrum. "Look, you! It's thanks to me you've got all this! That you have victims! All I want is for you to DO AS I SAY! WHY ISN'T IT WORKING?"
Sherlock laughed at John's belch, picking up another slice and unleashing one of his own, standing and moving to the kitchen, returning with the pitcher of milk and pouring them each another glass, snuggling back into John lightly, enjoying the warmth and comfort the man's presence provided, even if he was so trim
It wasn't long before John's new change in regime took effect, and soon even his baggy jumpers weren't quite concealing his gluttony. He took to wearing shapewear underneath his clothing, compressing and tightening the new jiggling fat into pseudo-muscle. It only created more problems though. John felt almost constantly squashed, restrained, and too fat for his clothes. He took to wearing looser fitting jeans to hide his imminent arousal.
Sherlocks eyes went wide. His heart pounded. He eagerly filled up a plate, hurrying after John eagerly, completely forgetting the men he'd come here to see. Not even noticing that Mycroft had Greg pinned to the far wall, the grey haired man moaning as Mycroft’s mouth worked his neck...
The curly-haired man brought it to the living room table, setting it down reverently and beginning to undo his corset.
He took just a few steps outside his door and started feeling foolish. The wind was positively howling, the cold harsh. The snow was already past his ankles and falling thick. And there was no one there. If he wasn't careful he'd slip and they'd find him frozen outside his doorstep. Wouldn't that be a story for the locals in the village pub. Struggling a bit with his gloves he switched on the torch and waved it in the direction of the road. Just in case.
“So, all his things are here, look.” And they were, wallet, keys and phone, lined up on a dustless desk.
The promise... Thinking about last night's mention of discipline play he was about to start rutting, another harder pinch and he began thrusting with jerky movements. Would he be allowed this, to beg?
"It was the BBC programme. I heard you then. It made an impression I guess. I listened to some things after that, started playing it as I wrote."
And as he took off his shoes and jacket, setting the phone and CD next to his laptop, the doorbell rang.
He blinked his eyes a few times and then stared back like an idiot. To have the attention of those sharp cerulean eyes on him. Tracing down his neck, chest, crotch. Fuck.
John finished his tea pulling his jacket on, concerned he was running late and would Sherlock text about dinner, thai takeaway perhaps, were they out of digestives or milk, something about the power bill. He then left for the surgery.
Sherlock looked determined. He set the washbag on the chest of drawers and started on the buttons of the cuff of his shirt sleeve. "Should I help with the fire?"
It was the first time either of them spoke about it aloud and Sherlock was looking down at his shoes.
He set the plate on the floor and feeling sitting on the sofa might unsettle his breakfast companion pulled down a pillow to the floor and sat on that, his tea cup by the plate of fruit.
John did, messily and shamelessly, loudly. Sherlock pushed deeper while reaching with his other hand to at last envelop John's engorged cock. John was almost sobbing with desire.
He left the now much less interesting actor with a fawning Lestrade and walked the whole house alone picking up small details as he went.
suggested a deserted site Sherlock could have just for himself. So, Sherlock finds a peaceful (and not at all creepy) place for contemplation at the gravestone of Charles Babbage at Kensal Green. The ‘leaning tomb in Hampstead Cemetery’ mentioned by Mycroft “His Last Vow” was too vague for me. By the way, half of Babbage's brain is preserved at the Hunterian Museum in the Royal College of Surgeons in London, while the other half is on display in the Science Museum, London (yeah, also not creepy). ’Pugin’s clock tower’ is of course Big Ben, now silent until the renovation work has been completed, sometime in the 2020’s.
"Well... highly unlikely... I'd leave...," the man grumbled, still stuttering slightly, and John laughed and looked at the snow gathering in the windows.
Demanding. The past week had wrung him out. Long hours at the lab, video conferences at odd hours with colleagues in a different time zone, an article due. But all of that was nothing compared to his demanding flesh.
He waited until John calmed down enough to open his eyes and take another small sip of wine. He was blushing wildly.
"No, not after all this time, no." John smiled. "Same recipe, same hands... Well, a different set now, actually. Go on, mix it up." He gestured with his fingers over the bowl.
They walked slowly, the evening breeze a welcome companion. Sherlock smoked, gesticulating wildly as he spoke about settling on a selection of compositions for a concert that was still ten months away. John watched him bring the cigarette repeatedly to his lips and pull deep, clear enjoyment on his face every single time. They were both sweaty with the heat and Sherlock's curls clinging messily to his forehead.
Sherlock leaned down, one hand seemingly casually set on John's shoulder, and peered into the screen.
It was now clear he was allowed to watch, but wouldn't be allowed to satisfy his need to be touched. He was handed a soap in the large shower.
"There is no rush tonight. We can finish our wine and rest." He slid a hand down to grasp John's constrained erection with just a bit too much force. "And in the morning I'd like to discuss discipline play."
His post was on his desk and he pushed it aside to set his tea cup down and switch the computer on. One envelope stood out. Thick expensive stationary, handwritten address, in fountain pen. Strange.
A difficult case. A curious post-mortem. An exhausting chase. And a tiresome press conference to attend.
He picked up a shaving brush from the nightstand and repositioned himself between John's open thighs. He started on the outside of his left ankle, slowly brushing up the leg, swirling the soft bristles over the knee, the inside of the thigh. Watching as goosebumps raised curly hairs.
And he turned to see John standing in the doorway. Forehead wrinkled in a particular way, one hand’s fingers twitching at his side.
They looked at each other. John could not help smiling, and Sherlock followed suit. So he got up and came to stand next to the piano bench. Sherlock half turned, looked up at him and immediately wrapped one arm around the back of his legs.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, got up, setting his half-drunk tea cup next to the glasses and stepped towards the desk. "John, I will pretend I did not hear that." He mumbled under his voice. "Digital fucking plastic toy pianos."
Back in his room he took off his shoes and socks, hung up his suit jacket in the closet and rolled his shirt sleeves up. He brought a towel from the bathroom and set it on the edge of the bedspread, placed a bottle of lubricant under one pillow. It was unlikely things would progress so far, but he liked to be prepared. Then he filled the water glass on the side table and put another opened bottle next to it.
"Regularly masturbate?" He was perhaps attributing his own response to John, but he felt the man's skin warm through his thin shirt.
Finally, as Sherlock turned onto his back stretching away from him in sleep, it was time to get up. Take care of his insistent bladder, build a fire in the fireplace and another in the wood-burning stove in the kitchen, fill the kettle, dress for the day.
A sharp-witted blackmailer and a stolen political document. Exhilarating! He just needed to surprise the man and pose as his covert contact, certain he'd disclose himself. The CCTV would record the relevant information.
He managed a couple of hours of sleep, once waking with a distinct feeling Sherlock was in the room.
He had planned everything, prepared everything and only had to wait a short while now before John would arrive.
Dr. Holmes got up to leave. Buttoning up his suit jacket with steady hands he looked straight at John, piercing him with a very demanding gaze, and nodded once.
"Come on, let's get you settled in bed. You'll slide off the chair soon." John stood offering a hand for him to lean on if necessary.
He lost track of time again. All tension leaving his body, he felt elated, happy, so happy. Still held in the lap of that amazing man. Two hands never leaving him, rubbing soothing circles into his skin, hair.
After catching his breath he managed to add, “I must warn you John, as the spathe gradually opens, the spadix releases powerful odors to attract pollinators, insects which feed on dead animals or lay their eggs in rotting meat… the compounds include isovaleric acid, dimethyl trisulphide, trimethylamine, indole…”
With a sigh he settled back into his chair with a journal, scribbling notes into the margin and humming in tune with the classical music radio program. Best focus on his task and wrap it up in time. John would be home in an hour or less and he'd already had everything baking for dinner. Friday and a whole two days of no work, no obligations and distractions outside the two of them. He ignored the hand on his chest, fingertips gently pressing the cotton fabric of his shirt as he read, as if it was not his own.
Yes, he was ecstatic they were alone. His coat could not hide everything and John knew the use of that word had a strong effect on him.
"What suits me?" Sherlock divided the eggs onto two plates, then moved the plates to the table where a pile of toast was waiting.
Soon Sherlock was deep into retelling the chain of deductions from one of his more complex cases, one that took him from London to Mallorca and Istanbul, all rotten businessmen counting their profits as innocent bystanders took fall after fall. Until the brilliant consulting detective tore the web apart and all but one of the men were caught. And that last one did find himself in trouble with HM Revenue & Customs two years later, his solicitor somehow compromised. They giggled together as Sherlock alluded to document copies getting onto wrong desks and emails being read by just the right people.
He startled to find John standing in front of him, a tight smile on his face, holding a pair of shoes. His shoes. Oh, he was barefoot.
"It has been a long week. Please." In contrast to the suggestive stance at the door, John now humbly asked for him.
"There are things we need to discuss and agree on. I myself have not done this in a while and my priority is for you to feel safe and comfortable. And I'd like us to take time. It does not have to happen today."
He hoped the choice of shirt, the deep aubergine colour, would compliment his pale complexion, help offset and warm his awkward facial features and rigid posture. He’d had his hair cut and was freshly shaved. The navy suit had only been worn once prior. Certainly not a man of flashy accessories, he’d gone out yesterday after work and purchased a brightly coloured scarf. He’d done everything he could think of, down to silk socks.
And then he remembered John shifting in his chair while reading two days ago. And leaving the book abruptly to make some tea. Half an hour earlier than was his Saturday afternoon custom. Sherlock had noticed but had not given it his full attention.
John had taken more hours at the surgery that month citing a need to ‘bump up his ISA’. His reading materials had recently shifted away from paperback novels with lurid titles towards equally melodramatic pronouncements of ’12% earnings’ and ‘pauper vs. lottery winner - it’s your choice’.
John looked at the energetic man and got up to find his phone. "All right." He took a photo of Sherlock. "I can delete it if you mind. I won't share it."
And after a week returned to the book in force. His characters, brittle and confrontational already, tore at each other through acts of cruel emotional violence and even more devastating sexual encounters.
Sherlock had set down his cup and was settling in the armchair, blanket pulled up over his chest. "Go on, get the fire ready and go to bed, John. I'm fine here."
John set the bottle amongst the other things on the table and poured the tea for both of them. Pushing one cup towards Sherlock he sat down and nodded towards the man to do so himself.
Sherlock had yet to wrap his lips around that word but for a while now John had been using it with an ease only he carried about him. No pomp, no declarations, it was just there. Scattered about their days like the cups around the flat.
A full minute passed. John's mouth was slightly open and no sounds came out, he had the appearance of a strange fish. A fish reassembling its perspective of reality.
Hands ran up and down his back, John’s voice was low and soft. “No, I was thinking of myself. I’m the idiot here.” He sighed but his hands continued the repetitive pattern, climbing up Sherlock’s spine towards his shoulders. “You usually see everything. So I’m thinking… I’m thinking it is bloody obvious how… smitten I am, Sherlock.”
"Good. Very good. This gives us some time together. And I'd like us to get to know each other better." He set his glass down on a side table and leaned back in the armchair, crossing his long legs, straightening the crease of his trousers. John stared at one ankle. Pale gray socks with a silky finish. And blinked. How was he fucking this up, how?
A shower and a simple lunch sandwich out of the way, John decided against tea, took a beer from the fridge instead and sat at his desk. The writing had been going well that morning but he still had to tackle his inbox. And decide what to wear to dinner with Sherlock. He couldn't help smile at the thought of him and he typed an update sure it would be read.
His trousers and socks off but his shirt firmly buttoned at the wrists, Sherlock sighed against John's chest. This was the most dangerous thing he'd ever attempted. Doomed to failure, surely. He'd need to examine...
Just like the nape of his head, his inner thigh, his hands, belly, every part of John had a distinct olfactory character Sherlock was determined to know intimately, and frequently.
In between swirling more honey from the dipper onto his toast, biting enthusiastically, humming, smacking his lips and licking his fingers - a display John couldn't take his eyes off - the man attempted to speak. "... for the winter. And young queens, I assume, yes, of course, a pragmatic man like yourself..." More licking and smacking. "... last year's spring blossom honey crop was outstanding, I've been informed. And the summer clover and brambles..." Nope, not dementia, not an eating disorder, and hardly lack of access to shops selling honey in London. "... its anti-bacterial, anti-viral and anti-fungal properties..."
"No, no one is expecting me. The case was wrapped up and there is nothing of interest in London at this moment." He was now eating with clear signs of pleasure, slathering a second slice with butter and sprinkling sea salt flakes on top. "I tried my mobile last night but its battery is out. Only emails from idiots anyway."
John closed his eyes and felt his face burn but did as he was told, taking one buttock in each hand as he tilted his hips back. He was rewarded with a couple of harder tugs on his cock.
Aware of nothing but this point of touch and his own thundering heartbeat, Sherlock shivered silently.
Waking with a start he was disoriented for a moment. He moved to sit and in the pale light of the early morning he looked over the tall lean beautiful man lying next to him.
"Anyway, you seem discreet with your dates, never posted anything about any of them, not that I can recall. And I have been following you for a while."
Sherlock had been wrong on these matters before, and John appeared relaxed, hand reaching onto the back of his neck, a favorite spot. "Perhaps my technique is off..."
"It was exceptional." He looked at his plate and wondered if the breakfast was a polite goodbye. He didn't want it to be.
He looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes and smiled brilliantly, lazily. Then with a satisfied hum snuggled under the hand brushing through his hair.
“Stop that, you’re making me dizzy.” John was attempting to read the paper with his feet stretched out in front of the blazing fire, a half-drunk cup of tea by his side.
"Ah! Tea!" And he grabbed one of the suitcases, opened it, and brought out, one by one, several small packages. He then carefully transferred them to the kitchen table. "A small token of thanks for... for everything, John."
“They do an excellent hake in a chicory and anchovy relish, if you’re thinking fish. A balance of salt, bitter notes and umami.”
"Great, great, Sherlock. I'm John. Scared me there for a moment." He continued rubbing the slowly warming skin for a moment, then wrapped the feet under the blanket. "Why don't I make us some tea? You stay here by the fire."
His last relationship had been a decade ago and had ended in bitter disappointment. Well, ‘relationship’ may be a stretch for a series of encounters with a man whose full name he now struggled to recall. Still, it stung to be bruskly abandoned. Ridiculed by a former sub. Called a ‘freak’.
He'd only managed a blurry photo, green with some white spots. You couldn't really distinguish the bees. Sherlock didn't mind. In fact he commented on the differently stacked wood in the background.
The imbecile! Sherlock jumped up from the sofa, dressing gown billowing and snatched the phone from John’s hand. He quickly scrolled through the messages.
At the time he had no idea the composer was Chopin. And the pianist playing the etude was Sherlock Holmes.
"Come." He was taken by the waist, sinking slightly into the touch, and lead by strong hands down a hallway.
Remembering the gesture, John lifted up one corner of the quilt and rubbed it against his cheek. The buck's ears picked up and it took a small step forward.
"What about some hot stew and bread," John interrupted looking back towards the armchair, "I bake the bread myself, rye with caraway." He winked.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's neck. "You might. Once you find out  how tedious, needy and... and sluttish I am."
"You're tired. And you've been favoring your left hip today, unlike the previous evening. You should take the bed tonight."
He opened the door and was met with one very wet, very sad looking creature. Antlers tangled with sweet briar and John's blue scarf and an armful of wild flowers, branches and mosses. And all of it drenched to the bone. The buck made small sniffing noises, its head low as water dripped from the scarf down its face.
He sighed with relief and allowed his breathing to slow to John's rhythm, allowed the tips of one hand to trace the edge of the man's shirt.
A  full week after the rain storm Sherlock crawled into bed next to him, damp from a shower that took much longer than usual, looking down and away to hide obviously tear-reddened eyes. John held him close and barely managed any sleep that night.
In his denial he'd always first build a fire, fill the tea kettle, start the breakfast. It was usually mid-breakfast that he finally peeked out onto the porch. He'd made it a habit of leaving the boots and tools inside now. And morning after morning all he faced was the empty porch and misty garden.
With one hand on the door jamb he took in the adorned antlers, the nervous shifting, the expectant gaze. Fur and flowers. And small sounds, deep grunts.
Sherlock gestured to the sweat soaked shirt clinging to his chest with his semen-covered hand. "Shower?"
It took a while. How long, he couldn't tell. John was on his back, Sherlock sprawled across his chest and fisting his shirt. An arm around his waist and a steady scrape of fingers against the base of his skull. He'd cried. John's shirt was wet under his face.
John sat at his feet, held his hand and stroked his thumb over his crossed ankles. He’d muted the television and gazed towards the windows. “Snow. Incredible how it not only temporarily erases the grit of the city, but also how all the noise dies down. As if the whole city becomes still…”
He draped his dressing gown on the headboard of the bed and climbed under the duvet as John switched off the bedside lamp.
He'd installed a new aerial for the radio, a fun project, even in the chilly drizzle. A delivery of fresh paperbacks, spines glossy, arrived just yesterday. He kept busy. Tested two new bread recipes, one with whey he had leftover from straining some yogurt.
The finger connected with his bicep and pressed. John gasped loudly. Fully and obviously erect now. He felt at once dizzy and determined to act. To be allowed to touch that pale skin, kiss that long neck... Please...
After more indulgence than he'd planned to allow himself he pulled back and looked into those open blue eyes.
“If you’re licking my feet again,” John groaned from under the duvet, “you’re bringing me morning tea in bed.”
John shook his head and rubbed at one tearful eye, still grinning. "We'll call her and you can make your apologies. An allergy to cat hair perhaps. And you're perfectly welcome to stay here. For as long as you've planned. There is a fine bedroom upstairs in the loft. I never use it so it's all yours. It's still a bit chilly but I've two new blankets, Shetland wool."
Tears run down Sherlock’s face and he curls up into a small ball on the floor, remembering on the tapes what the scary bunnies did to the nice, army man, or what the gummy bears did to Cindy. He feels two of the bunnies pull out and then sit on his legs, another two hold Sherlock’s arms, while one pries open his mouth and sticks its head inside.
He didn't answer. He gorged. He ate and ate, devouring each slice in a single bite, his belly gurgling as it bowed out further.
Sherlock let out another massive belch, his huge belly jiggling wildly, humming at Greg's soft touches
John stretched and got up lazily, watching Sherlock's arse as the man walked away. He shook his head when he caught himself and went to change.
“Want me to get that?” he offers, already getting to his feet as Sherlock looks quite content to remain where he is on the sofa. The two of them no longer fit on this particular piece of furniture together. Sherlock is having a new one delivered next week.
Sherlock stuttered, trying to take a step back, trying to escape that heavenly feeling, hellishly tempting ocean of caramel cream
Sherlock’s heart rate skyrocketed as he watched John slurp down his meal. Jesus, he'd pay any amount of money in the world to watch that site go one for hours. He barely stifled a moan as John spoke through a full mouth, imagining the man letting out small squeals as he stuffed in more and mo-
"Sherlock, just stay with me okay,” says John, “Think about where we are. We need to stop this. Get out of here. Yeah? It's some fucked up shit of Moriarty's."
Sherlock stares at it, jaw dropping open, brain suddenly halting its spinning gears as it attempts to understand what he’s looking at. The bear uses this chance to wiggle out of Sherlock’s grip, pushing his arms away and hurling itself at the detective’s face. Sherlock braces for a blow, but opens his eyes again in surprise when he finds the creature demandingly shoving its ear at his mouth. Sherlock stares, closing his mouth tighter as it tries again with its nubby little arm and leg, all producing the same affect.
Sherlock simply nodded and stood, then led his flatmate out to catch a cab home. His mind was still spinning. How could he have missed this vital clue? For so long? Sarah and all the others had been leaner, much leaner... This required further testing. It might be just a fluke brought on by tiredness, alcohol...
They would not do that to Sherlock. John fires, but the bullet hits a table leg instead and the creature gets away unharmed.
Sherlock needed someone to bounce ideas off of, someone to argue with. John was busy, having yelled at his long-term boyfriend that morning about inappropriate work calls. Sherlock had been bored, and he and John had never tried phone sex, how was he supposed to know John was in a conference call and "I'd very much like to suck your cock"  is not the correct way to begin!?
"God yeah," John answered, flopping back against his chair where he slumped down and closed his eyes with a sigh, hand still on his middle. "For Mary."
"Jesus," he breathed, "You got fat, Sherlock." He prodded him again, still in awe, as if trying to make sure he wasn't just hallucinating.
“Quite alright,” said Molly primly, her mind racing as she realized what she had just done. Oh. Wow. She managed to pick up the basket of chips beside her without her hands shaking too badly. She lifted one of them up, hot fresh and greasy and pressed it into Sherlock’s mouth. He chewed it slowly.
"I'm sure it would have happened anyway, Sherlock," John replied, looking up from the detective's belly to meet his eyes. Then he grinned, "This is just hitting fast forward." Then he reached up and captured the man's plump lips in a kiss.
Sherlock’s mouth falls open in confusion, a small part of him feeling guilty over not having devoured the creature whole. But he shakes that thought from his mind, straightens up, brushes himself of, and runs towards the sound of the gunshots
“John… You know there is no one else on this entire planet that I want to plow me besides you,” Sherlock continued lazily.
"From the serial robberies? Not really. I watched the thing half a dozen times." Then two dozen more after that.
Greg was hardly different. His belly was beginning to round into his lap, droop between his thighs where he sat on the floor, shoving what must have been his twentieth chicken nugget into his mouth. His belly was showing between the buttons of his crisp white shirt, the skin beginning to grow splotchy and angry.
Even if he was curious to try to fill himself with as much Pad Thai as he possibly could, just to see how round his gut could get if he just let himself go. And go.
Sherlock bobbed faster and faster on Greg's cock, moaning and squealing in agreement as John thrust into him. He felt his fat body ripple and jiggle around him, knowing he'd never be back to the size he was, and honestly thinking he might want to get even large
"You complete hog," John admonished, chuckling and leaning in to nip at Sherlock's jawline, pressing his chest further into Sherlock's hands with a soft huff.
He seemed nervous about touching the detective. Oh kisses and compliments occurred just as frequently as ever, but hugs seemed shorter, and whenever they made love Sherlock was too overwhelmed with just how amazing it was to be
The detective had grown even fatter since that fateful night, finding his capacity through the roof after downing a mountain of toast, ice cream, and pizza, wishing he could rub his soldier’s belly like that again, eyes trailing the man's form as he left, looking even more muscled than before, so tightly packed into his jumper.
A giant cockroach, bigger than any cockroach or any insect had the right to be is chewing at the chocolate John had just been using as cover. The pincers click, feelers swivel, and bulging eyes focus on… him. Surely, this can't be real. It can't, this is all impossible!
are the case! They were left at 221b for me and I...I’ve no idea what they mean!" The detective said, groaning and sitting down
"God yeah," John growled. He fetched a spoon, then scooped up the dropped bags, his arse wriggling in the air, belly flopping against his thighs. Then he hurried after Sherlock, his eyes following every movement of those plush hips. He grabbed a hold of them again, practically purring and kissed the back of Sherlock's shoulders.
The spa is...well it looks like Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, there's two small jets of warm, molten chocolate spilling into a full, Olympic sized swimming pool of gooey, fudgy goodness
He chuckled and slathered another slice up with loads of butter and strawberry jam, then passed it to Sherlock. He drank a bit of his tea and then polished off his own slice. His stomach gurgled happily, even as it was restrained and forced to be flat by his clothing. "Mm, that's very good actually."
John feigned a yawn and stretched, then went back to the movie, his breathing hard and heavy. But he needed to calm down. No need to... complicate things.
"Fuck, you're incredible," He grunted, then began setting up a punishing rhythm, grunting as he pounded into that big cushy arse hard and fast.
As soon as the doctor was out the door, Sherlock began work. He ransacked their cupboards, pulling out recipes in Mary's handwriting. He sent rapid texts to acquire the ingredients he would need as he flipped through the papers. He set to cooking.
"Tha's right," John grunted, popping the rest of the pie into his mouth and swallowing it down with a long gulp from the open milk carton beside him. It was so odd to see John like this. John, who always kept himself in control... disciplined... Now here he was, stuffing greasy gravy-filled mince pieces into his mouth as fast as he could chew them.
"Oh, hang on, we should leave the cookies out for Father Christmas," said John, hauling himself up with the help of the table and his lover. He managed not to groan too badly as his stomach sagged down. At least Sherlock was drunk.
Jesus! Everything was so tight, impossibly tight. John felt so full and fat and heavy. A whole pizza. He groaned softly and leaned back, his mind sluggish with overeating.
"You had a...a light to you, John. How was I supposed to resist bringing that into my life?" He tried to chuckle but it came out too hoarse, and he sipped at his milk, moving to straighten up, not wanting to make his straight flatmate uncomfortable.
"Sherly's looking sort of girly! Who knows? Johnny might actually want to fuck you now that you have those hips!" He giggled then added, "But then, Sherls, you're getting really fat aren't you? So maybe not. Fattylock. I think that should be your new name!" He guffaws and sits back, taking the fresh milk shake that's appeared and slurping it down. The chair groans softly.
"So, we're just laying low?" John asked, nursing his beer, "For how long? I'm not going to be much use to you if this goes on too long."
"Or John before he left for work? People in relationships do tend to give each other gifts." He chuckled, then wet his lips.
"John I don’t think I’ve ever been less ok.” Sherlock blushes furiously, tears pooling in his eyes, and part of the detective’s ‘small’ mind holds out his hand for his doctor to take.
The doctor ignores it and moves closer. A bullet buries itself in front of John’s left foot and he takes advantage of that split second to launch himself at Moran. The two army veterans crash to the floor. A few of the patients begin screaming again.
"Yeah, I think you're right." He hopes he’s right. The detective and the doctor follow the footprints, John leading and keeping his gun steady. There's a flicker of something colorful and he fires a round at it. It squeals and dashes off. A giant gummy bear? John doesn't give it much thought, just pushes on until they reach the door at the end of the long hall.
"That's it, nice to have you back," John says, managing a small smile. His eyes drift to Sherlock’s engorged belly, the curve oddly mesmerizing. Sherlock Holmes can look human after all.
"Come on, haven't got all night," said the driver. Sherlock stuffed a twenty pound note through the crack of the window impatiently and then resumed kissing his overfed love.
"Everything’s fine." A voice soothes, the eyes on the wall passive and cold, "Hunger means different things to different people"
Sherlock chuckled and moved himself to the side of the bed, getting up with a grunt, his really rather enormous arse at the perfect height for John to enjoy. "That it is. Come on then, doctor. Let's see what affect three months with you has had on me."
Sherlock had frozen the moment Molly had spoken. She saw the second that it worked. Sherlock’s cheesy grin sank and his lips parted. He blinked a few times.
John huffed a small laugh and rolled onto his side, reaching out for Sherlock and pulling him closer. He kissed him gently, sweetly, his hands rubbing and pressing at his soft squashy sides.
His breath shuddered as he felt Sherlock's hands on him, heard that edge to his lover's voice. Oh. He felt fat. Huge. Soft. Heavy. He groaned softly.
The lights dim enough that John can see again. It looks like- he blinks. A hospital tent. Rows and rows of beds made up of marshmallow and candy cane. There are bodies in each one.
He just needed to regain control...and maybe a few biscuits...or a dozen pounds of fried rice. Sherlock shook his head, blushing lightly and hurrying to the kitchen.
