The dead silence greeting them churned Steve’s stomach. His warning had come too late; were there
One punch came after another, falling into his bodies’ natural rhythm. The blunt impacts sparked rough sensations, teetering between discomfort and pain — something he hadn’t felt in over two months now. Before this fiasco, fighting had been Steve’s routine, his job, his
Naturally, he started with his first inquiry -- Tony Stark. The sheer number of results astounded Steve, resorting to picking and choosing which titles appealed the most, and which images seemed the most realistic (there were more than a handful of cartoons of Tony, how interesting).
miles per hour, there was no guarantee that Bucky would still be there.
“Good.” Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder, the goosebumps on his skin going unnoticed. “Place this foot here,” He lightly tapped the other’s leg, pointing to the correct position. “And the other there.” Tony moved accordingly, blue eyes carefully watching to ensure his placement gave Tony proper stability. Steve stepped to Tony’s left, mirroring his stance. The attention sent shivers down Steve’s spine.
Yeah, that was an understatement. “I’m
Steve frowned, pausing in his steps. “How did you know about that?” He asked, but Tony ignored his question, slowly leading them to a kitchen that sprawled for eons.
a choice, Steve.”
“They can. And--they did.”
Well, it was extremely thoughtful.
He felt ridiculous saying it out loud.
Caressing the side of this thing did him no good either. Slowly, Steve applied pressure to the puncture, lifting it up and off the hook. The sooner he laid this down on it’s back the better.
helping people.” Steve caught the sharp edge in Tony’s voice, creating a mental note to keep far away from that conversation in the future. “SHIELD is not my dad. And it’s definitely not me.”
are meant to be the focus of this operation.” Steve scrunched his nose at Tony, who raised a hand in defense. “Steve Rogers, Captain America, the man out of time -- someone who needs to get
“Sir.”
to be, growing up in the line of cameras (a previous article had told Steve just how much attention had always been on the Stark family).
get Tony moving.
the air shift as concrete the size of a car crumbled into oblivion. It was him versus gravity, leaping over crumbled remains, dodging falling debris, and racing for thick steel doors as the hallway behind him ceased to exist.
“But if you or SHIELD reverse this problem, I
argument, they could be guards,” He speculated, startled by the exaggerated laugh behind him. Plastic hit countertop, and Tony rounded the island corner, hands lightly cupping both of Steve’s cheeks.
“Then stop standing around.” His tone ran anxious; a clear sign they needed to move.
to warn me about those?”
once Steve had been ushered into a sleek, black car with windows that barred him from peering inside. The only reason Steve
Another rumble, this time Steve saw a faint turquoise flash.
but as a rule for daily living, the butterfly effect seemed painfully real.
looking forward to that conversation.” Considering they showed up before the decade was over. Tony’s eyes aimlessly wandered to the side, watching the lazy flow of town pass by the storefront. Everything seemed so peaceful, so ordinary, yet—
prepared for was the odd sensation that pricked his cheeks and filled his chest each and every time Tony and he shared conversation.
out, but all they did was smoke, stutter, malfunction.
Tony watched Steve’s turmoil; like the guy had been hit by a truck.
Tony’s eyes were unwavering on the soldier. “If you
Instead, he quickly pushed Tony’s attention
I'm SO sorry this took almost a month...oops. I started a summer class and am preparing for graduation, I'm in the process of moving, aaand just a whole slew of other things that kept me from getting this chapter done! Hope it was worth the wait, and here's hoping I can get the next chapter out a little sooneer. ;)
“Because civil rights and cultural norms would’ve stopped you.” Steve’s cheeks tinted, thinking Tony had given him
Steve welcomed the challenge. Hell, he hadn’t fought this much in two
Steve held the hug as long as he could bear, hyper-aware of each passing second. “I’ll be back.” He promised, not truly convinced himself, but like hell he’d tell Tony that. Steve loosened their hug after one last squeeze, blue eyes falling on dark, beautiful ones that glazed over with emotions beyond words. He caressed that sharp, prominent jaw he adored so much in a soft, final kiss, memorizing the curves of warm lips, the almost metallic taste, the way it dragged a low, soothing rumble from Tony’s throat. Steve wanted nothing more than to help them to their feet and head home in time for a lazy cooked dinner…
Steve scoffed, eyes locked on Tony. “You should know something about me.” Quicker than that genius brain could process, Tony’s legs swept out from underneath him, a flurry of limbs plummeting for the ground as he gasped his surprise.
Steve cocked an eyebrow, snorting. “Tony.” He began to object, but the billionaire was already ducking under ropes, meandering to the center of the ring. Steve shook his head, a look of some amused questioning twisting his face. “You’re serious?”
Instead, the floor came to life.
Tony fell in line when they met halfway, hurrying along beside him. “Fifteen minutes? Obviously you can’t count.” Steve coughed roughly, a failed attempt at laughing.
Careful fingers pulled Tony’s away from his jaw. Each finger perfectly intertwined, the rough edges of weathered fingers tickling Steve’s skin. He leaned down, kissing him again. Longer, deeper this time.
Steve wrung his hands just thinking about it.
“Why?” Was all that could crawl its way out of Steve’s mouth.
“What, you got a lumpy mattress? Maybe it’s all that coffee you drink to keep you functioning.” Rhodey huffed. “Or maybe, there’s something you’re not telling me.”
It was time that held the problem.
Then he grinned.
Tony clapped a hand right into the dip of Steve’s shoulder -- nothing like a good conspiracy theory to bring out the best in him. “Bingo.”
All because Steve couldn’t dodge a fucking beam.
tfw you have to reread your own fic because you took so long to update :'D
Steve grit teeth together and swung a right hook so hard, the seams burst on impact, sand spilling in every messy direction. Even
Tony didn’t move, didn’t speak. Maybe it was lack of air by the way his chest heaved, or pure shock being dragged down so quickly. Whatever the reason, Steve was damn glad he’d never forget such a look.
“You deserve better. Everybody needs a life outside of orders.”
That sentence hit harder than he imagined. Tony’s movements paused, his fingers lightly curling against the warm ceramic with a outward huff. “Stop—“ He instructed quietly, already moving to slide down into a nearby chair.
We don’t
“I don’t want to hurt you.” Steve warned, the other three approaching with similar confusion. “Let me pass and we don’t have to do this.”
Blinding lights trained on him immediately, squinting as he raised a hand against the glare.
of Tony’s work or special interests -- at least, that he
“Superheat the armor--” The flashing lights illuminating the right half of his screen told Tony both jets on that side were gone -- replacing them hurriedly to try and keep himself fully armored. “--scratch that. Prepare for one hell of a landing.”
He continued in Tony’s rare absence of words. “Great job, Tony.” He praised, “A few more lessons and nobody will think twice about bothering you.” His remark pulled a snort.
Thankfully, Tony took the bait. “Isolated the anomaly. We’re dealing space-time and just about every other quantum theory.” Tony knew that meant absolutely nothing to Steve, so he continued. “Long story short -- it’ll be awhile. What Zemo did was on complete accident. Recreating that accident could take months -- years.”
“It’s too dangerous, Tony.” But the man was just as stubborn as he was, twisting out of the firm grip for the opposite direction. “That facility’s nearly a hundred years old, not to mention the
“No. I’m right. This is about Steve. He’s your problem.”
“I’ve been running the numbers.” Elbows propped him upright on the table, leaning in to lower voice slightly. “Even
well. Why let a piece of legislation tear down something bigger than just yourself?”
He kept silent until the words could form on his tongue, slow and quiet. “I don’t know.”
Steve’s head spun -- and yet somehow Tony’s gist told him maybe no matter what he did, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t save Bucky. Or maybe he could -- but how much would change because of it?
hadn’t taught him into the same place with just enough force to drop him on his ass.
The jet touched down in a clearing, the outskirts of a small town. Before the engine’s roar died down, Steve’s stomach churned. Normally he’d pass it off as nerves, eager to reunite with his best friend, but this was a feeling of unease, no--something wasn’t right.
Hallway after hallway, each intersection paused them in their movements until Steve gave the all-clear. For someone who hadn’t been on a mission, Tony was doing well keeping up.
“Set him on the seats.” Tony instructed, urging Steve up the stairs first, locking the door tight behind. The soldier did as he was told, laying his battered friend delicately across a row of seats, using the duffle bag as a means to prop his head. “He’ll need a hospital. None of my Ph.D.’s cover time-hopping medical emergencies.” Tony called from the cockpit, sliding a hand across the wall in his walk back while the jet began to lift from the ground.
“Rhodey?” Tony nodded, sliding the phone back into his pocket. “Two peas in a pod. He’s busy, I’m busy--” He shrugged. “--we pick up like we never missed a beat.”
-- to do it again, be ripped from the ties he’d finally formed, leave the person who had his heart--
Yeah, it was
SHIELD’s team can hardly agree on what to do. They spend half their time disagreeing when you’ve already gotten--” Steve furrowed his brows, motioning to the jumbled screen.
“Use your left hand and swing your body this way into a jab.” Steve demonstrated as he spoke, hazel eyes carefully observing.
The AI tried louder.
sending the team of two and every agent stumbling. Why were the tremors worsening? A building this extensive wouldn’t shake on it’s own. Debris dusted Steve’s shoulders, stress rising as a monstrous crack splintered from above. An unstable agent's flashlight flicked across the ceiling, illuminating several large chunks of ceiling dislodging from their spot.
“You--” Steve’s mouth struggled for a sensible sentence. He tried, over and over again, hoping the cogs in his brain would churn
He shrugged. “I have.” When Steve’s face prompted for more, Tony continued. “One wrong number at a time.” He plainly stated.
to weaponize things.”
Steve grit his teeth. “If Zemo’s still in there --”
“We were hoping you could provide insight.” Coulson’s weapon stayed lowered, but Steve wasn’t quite ready to drop the shield. “We have evidence of every termination listed. Barnes is a cold case -- but you, Captain Rogers, are very much alive. And we’d like to know how.”
file.
“I think you’re lying.”
Oh right. Tony wondered if Thor would ever come and pick that up.
“Us.” Maybe he was having second thoughts. Not — second thoughts, more — regret. He never wanted
conversation starter in the 21st century.
But these splinters were bigger, more complex -- which told him he was in the right place.
if SHIELD got their hands on time tech.
Steve frowned. “So did you.”
Part of him thought it wrong to know this information. When he went back -- would he change history by simply knowing when and where things happened, if he acted on them? What if he could prevent Bucky from going missing? Steve didn’t know a damn thing about
“My team. The war cleanup.” He answered.
Not only was it the first time Steve had gone out with intentions to do more than sightsee, but it was the first time somebody had asked him out for lunch in,
This was a
cared.
documents, and it made no sense for an agency to have them. The room remained quiet, both agents exchanging looks behind the soldier’s back as he scoured their files.
“Tony--,”
“I don’t think it’s that simple.” Rhodey’s eyebrows furrowed, leaning in a little closer to the table. “Are you talking about for the world? Or for us?”
Slowly he filled his cup, hoping this batch would jumpstart him enough to overcome the grogginess he still felt. 2:48 AM -- that was more sleep than most nights. It would be a joke to think that meant they were getting better.
A faint smile could be heard in her voice. “We’re on good terms.” She answered, which only made Steve’s confusion
“Yeah. Following
Steve grimaced.
Steve gave him distance, returning to the center of the ring while Tony wiped his forehead. “Not bad, Stark.” He wouldn’t deny he was impressed. Boxing definitely didn’t overlap with
Tony certainly wasn’t that either.
A single hand pat between the soldier’s shoulder blades, its owner offering an inquisitive look down at the abused equipment. “I’ll say.” He said, sipping a rather loud drink. “Don’t tell me you’re seriously guilty over this.”
“I’m worried about you.”
Every step brought them closer to his best friend, closer to Zemo, closer to a
called kickboxing.”
“You don’t have to be.” Tony said, lightly rolling a blueberry between two fingers. “You have a choice. Nobody’s stuffing you back into the good ‘ole days.” Steve raised an eyebrow, half tempted to steal the blueberry from Tony for payback. “Ever think of that?”
“You, want
“What year is it?”
Steve’s face paled; the helmet still fastened on his head hid the last ounce of togetherness he had.
He leaned into the touch, voice struggling for a tone. “My place is in the last century. Before the internet, before
An oh-so-innocent smile complimented Tony’s reply. “It
The words were an electrical shock, springing both upright off the mat. Steve’s heart twisted, eyes locking together as they spoke in dumbfounded tandem.
“And let you face SHIELD’s laundry list of violation codes alone? Pass.” Steve gripped his shoulder harder, tugging him towards the jet.
And Steve -- he, he just didn’t belong here. This wasn’t
Red, white, and very dirty blue.
“Make a--” Steve shook his head, looking to him as if he were insane. “What?” The groan leaving Tony weakened his knees.
Tony’s question bothered Steve every day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve swallowed, slowly raising his gaze to Tony’s frazzled expression.
He cleared his throat, hoping his eyes hadn’t given away his momentary trance.
“Like that?” Steve dipped his head towards the faint glow underneath Tony’s shirt, still curious even if he had done his research online. Tony followed his eyes, mindlessly brushing fingers across his shirt with a soft snort.
Tony simply pat Steve on the back. “Bet my refusal makes more sense every day.” The soldier nodded, oddly enjoying the simple touch. “Thanks, Cap.”
“I can’t tell you what’s gonna happen, Cap." He sounded sincere, voice softer in volume. "Too many possibilities.”
Past, present, or future -- Hell, it didn’t matter. Steve wanted to cherish
happy late thanksgiving to those who celebrate!
The splinters hadn’t been in one place, no -- Steve was sure they plagued the entire facility now. How he wasn’t underneath a slab of concrete baffled him, hoping his shield was protecting Tony from a similar fate.
A few hard blinks reoriented himself -- forcing him to realize he was home, in bed, no invasion to speak of.
With one last look, Steve stepped forward, carefully navigating the mountains of rubble in his path.
Steve pressed, pushing them forward. Only when they gripped a second agents’ arm did the soldier believe they’d taken his word, gloved fingers pulling the doorknob to motion Tony forward. “We’re running out of time.” Tony hurried through, assessing the damage as multiple agents struggled to their feet.
“Lucky you,” Tony smirked. “I’m not.”
Steve shrugged, mindlessly turning pages in a SHIELD handbook. “Yeah. More of a hobby.” He answered, eyes watching as Tony swiped hands across holograms, still mesmerized by their existence.
Five more minutes passed, gripping each side of the staircase when the ground moved beneath him. It felt like an earthquake, but Tony knew the layers of the bunker were finally losing all integrity.
“I know.” The dim reactor illuminated the geniuses nod, pulling his soldier into a quick, tight hug.
“To Germany?” Steve clarified, eyebrows raising in his very obvious disbelief.
That raised questions.
“Fifteen.” Tony corrected, eyes lifting off the soft glow of the shield. “Even you aren’t that fast.” Steve laughed, sadness coating the softer tone as they shared a smile. Pained, worried, and hopeful these words were only a placeholder for more. Steve could only hope.
Two months Steve had wanted this. Tony was right -- they had all the time in the world.
son of a bitch.”
When Steve opened his mouth to speak, Tony spoke for him. “Are we done being a skeptic?” He asked, eyes twinkling with something Steve couldn’t quite identify, but it resembled playfulness of all things.
thank you guys for all the wonderful comments, I love reading them, they're what keep me motivated <3
if it meant Tony had more time to light up the room.
He needed coffee.
That Bucky was
It took them no time at all to reach wherever that secure site
“Nope.”
“Unofficially.” He smirked, winking in the soldier’s direction. It earned him a snort, and the slightest pink on Steve’s cheeks, something he quickly fought aside.
in parallel dimensions, there’s an extremely high chance you’ll make one.” Tony huffed. “Or, maybe you’re not meant to go back. See the problem?”
And Bucky undoubtedly had died in enemies hands’. Alone.
His eyes searched inside Tony’s. “I hope you’re not trying to tell me it’s not possible.” He’d said it was before, and again -- he couldn’t be lying to him now, not after a month. And to Steve’s relief, Tony shook his head, eyes tiredly crinkling.
). “Pin me.”
easy.
you’re looking for is five miles due North.” Steve corrected. “Baron Zemo is who you want. What
survivors?
“We rely heavily on them now.”
“Guards? For
of time theories.” Tony leaned forward, picking a fry off Steve’s plate. “Remember what I said? Nobody
Slowly, he managed to coax himself out of the sheets, feet planting themselves atop the cold hardwood. These nightmares never let Tony rest -- why spend the hours trying?
Steve cocked an eyebrow. “You’ve been giving them wrong data?”
idea, but when did Tony ever play by any rules other than his own?
“Yeah,” Tony cocked an eyebrow his way. “It’s leather and sand. I’ll get over it.” His entire voice bled amusement and while relieved, Steve couldn’t say he was surprised. “I can count on one hand the things you’ve broken so far. For a super soldier, I’d say that’s good.”
A distracted voice replied. “Need to—adjust the flexibility here—what?”
Tony swiped the blueberries from right under Steve’s hand, walking around the island with them. “Skeptics to my skepticism don’t get blueberries.” Steve rolled his eyes, folding hands across his chest while the freelance genius hogged the berries. “An organization following you never means well.”
All noise stopped. Steve rubbed his eyes, blinking away the streaks of blue still branding his vision.
always surprising him). He gauged Tony’s stamina, settling on his next words. “Think you have it in you for a test?”
Coulson waved the same transparent badge across another strip, and pulled the door open, motioning both Steve and Agent Thirteen forward. “That’s another thing we’re here to discuss.”
Tony paused, straightening his posture a little with a tiny squint. “Yeah. Glad you kept up.”
to be--
What?
of that. Steve had lost a piece of home when Bucky deployed; working together mended that pain. Bucky would have done anything for Steve; Steve would have done anything for
Steve’s eyes lifted. He nodded. “Even before the serum, he was always there for me.” He sighed, brushing back the few strands of hair tickling his forehead. “He was my best friend. I never planned on what I’d do without him.”
Yeah, he did need to leave this place. Honestly, he appreciated the escape route. Tony fumbled with a few more wires, lightly bending Rhodey’s leg to make sure the correct changes were made. “I need a shower.”
He cleared his throat, carefully taking the old book in his hand, not daring to leave it out where somebody could swipe it. “Sounds great.” He answered with a smile, finding Tony’s eyes on him when he finally turned around. “Fair warning,” Steve began, a bashful grin on his face, “--I’m kinda broke.”
“I don’t see your point.”
Steve didn’t understand why Tony wouldn’t further the topic on their walk to -- wherever it was the guy was leading them. It scared him, worried that something had changed. Something was wrong.
“Just kiss me.”
“I’m not angry.” Tony’s voice was level but out of breath as he swung again, stumbling back from light retaliation. “Just ready to show off.”
Only when Tony fought for breath did he raise his hand, bracing hands against legs with heavy pants.
He stood from his chair, heading for the bag as he
Panic gripped his chest, frantically searching for signs of a faint blue light. “Tony?!” Steve’s voice strained, stumbling into the wall as another rumble shook the earth. “Tony!” Screams filled his ears, voice drowned by the grotesque squelch of bodies.
you guys get a double update today! ;)
“Why, because he chose his war buddy over the entire team?”
and even during. It left both with a cold burger, but Steve was enjoying the conversation too much to care.
It took a minute for Steve to realize -- wait, the cafeteria wasn’t serving burgers...oh, Tony wanted to go somewhere
He couldn’t stop himself; before he knew it his finger extended, prodding curiously at the white, glowing screen. “What
“Except you.”
from embarrassing him. “Any recent breakthroughs?”
“--think I knew?” Tony purposefully finished his sentence, amusement sparkling in those doe eyes. “No offense, but subtlety isn’t your forte.”
His nanotech quickly worked to insulate the back of armor, building-tops visible between the obstructing claws alerting him impact was imminent. The ground came hard, armor and Chitauri bodies slamming into pavement with a force hard enough to rattle the insides of Tony’s skull. It wasn’t until the ringing in his ears dulled that he could even process Friday’s attempt to warn him. Blood ran down nose, ears -- and yet the Chitauri continued on, acting as if the impact had done nothing but pin Tony down. Claws scraped holes through his faceplate, and Tony’s arms raised to attempt and block a lethal blow while his armor healed. “Friday--grab Thor’s attention for me.” Tony hissed through bloodied teeth, hoping lightning could thin the growing amount of Chitauri on his fast-disintegrating suit.
“Official reports of the Howling Commandos read Zemo’s weapon completely engulfed you, that shield, and Barnes’ left arm.” Steve's eyes widened behind his helmet, blues dropping down to the shield in his arm.
Half of it was missing.
“You’ll get a kick out of this,” Tony said, lazily pressing the left elevator’s button. Steve turned his head just enough to look from the corner of his eye. Good, they hadn’t been followed in. The elevator rang and Tony motioned for Steve to head in first, following after with a soft clear of his throat, typing in what Steve could only assume was the access key to the private floors. “Full tour of the penthouse, million-dollar view--”
Steve stared at the crude diagram. His throat tightened so much he couldn’t find the words to speak.
He appreciated Tony’s drive, and he was damn glad he’d been more or less easy to talk to, even if he
Ross. But it was a compromise for the people. So they felt safer knowing the Avengers had their ‘best interests’ in mind when dealing with situations. But what had that cost, for them -- for
these?” Steve asked, captivated by the ethereal glow. Something told him they didn’t appreciate him touching their equipment, but Steve had positively never seen anything
further would nullify the bold red letters that tried to tell Steve his team was
Tony interrupted with a pat on the back, leading him across the street. “God, a whole month. Should’ve dragged you out here sooner.” Steve kept his eyes forward, not daring another glance at their follower. Either Tony was completely clueless, or he knew exactly what he was doing. Steve sure hoped it was the latter.
It was a race against time. Even with Tony’s private jet going however many
Bucky was alive.
"Velocemente, rapidamente!” - Quickly, quickly!
Tony only snorted, stealing a berry right from Steve’s palm, popping it into his mouth before a word could be said against his crimes. “I
after, in fact -- Steve couldn’t find an official disbanded date. A Zemo heir still lived, hopefully not under his lineages’ ideals.
Steve’s smirk widened, gesturing at himself. “Start whenever you’re ready.” The taunt narrowed Tony’s eyes, throwing another easily blocked hook. Another and another Steve blocked, each hit more coordinated than the last. “Good, Tony.” He encouraged, adrenaline rising with every blocked punch.
Tony thought he had.
Steve’s face paled.
he’d send him back now. This place was a maze -- and even with those glasses, the odds of meeting unfriendly agents were too high.
Tony cocked an eyebrow, soft, pink lips thinning in a smirk. “Finally, someone with sense.” Steve rolled his eyes, trying his damnedest to keep the smile out of his expression.
“I know what you’re thinking.” Rhodey watched eyes raise with the words, calloused fingers curling around Tony’s forearm. “It won’t pardon them. They’d still serve the time — they committed those acts while the Accords were effective.”
all the luck in the world to go unnoticed, much less return before every grain of sand emptied itself from the bag.
“Jarvis--tape?” Breaking things that were likely of very high quality reverted Steve to caveman language.
Tony’s eyes briefly lifted from his work. “Just bad sleep.” He hoped Rhodey would take that. Yeah, right.
He worked quickly, fastening his shield once caught, dull scrabbling turning his eyes towards the darkness. Cautiously Steve stepped forward until the first downed agents’ figure came in view across the floor. A gasp left them as Steve hauled them up by the arm, sternness gripping the Captain’s tone. “Help these men out of the facility. This entire structure is compromised.” The agent stammered, surely puzzled by the sharp turn of events, but Steve didn’t have the time.
Ever so gently, Steve sealed a kiss to Tony’s nose, dirtied helmet gently resting on his forehead. Tony breathed softly, running his fingers along the back of Steve’s neck. He was smart; Steve adored his perception, but it didn’t make this any easier.
Softly, Steve spoke, voice barely echoing off empty walls. “Any chance you can scan the building?” Odds were Tony would have something to get the job done.
“There’s been a mistake.” Steve’s own voice couldn’t cut through the muted sensation. His chest tightened, feeling as if someone had pressed their entire force against it -- but neither agent moved so much as a finger. No -- no. Something was
“The answer to your questions, hopefully.” Agent Thirteen answered, pressing fingers against what Steve could only compare to a typewriter; numbers and letters all in rows.
I'm SO sorry for taking more than a month with this chapter! I've been preoccupied with other things. Hopefully, the next chapter will come sooner than later, but please know that I am working on it! Very slowly, very steadily. Thank you guys for reading, you're my inspiration for continuing these two's journey. <3
Almost on cue, warnings in his HUD wildly blared, warnings too soon to prepare for. It felt like damn near a dozen bodies had just toppled onto his armor, slamming him down towards the ground at a rate he did
Halfway down their third flight of stairs, the entire facility
Steve opened his mouth to ask again when his eyes fell upon words that stole his breath.
Blue eyes caught the subtle movement of the other agent behind him, leading him to believe he had no say in the matter.
Tony’s hands splayed above him, their eyes interlocked. “Because you won’t make a move. I made it for you.”
He rolled his eyes, albeit playfully. “Form a fist with both hands.” Tony did as instructed, hazel eyes watching the super soldier round behind him. “Now, tuck in your arms, close to your body.” Steve carefully adjusted an arm, but only slightly -- figuring he’d done some amateur practice on his own at some point.
“What--?” Repulsors fired a few off of his body, but with each gone, two more appeared. “Nat--Barton--” Somebody,
He tried not to think into it; SHIELD would work around adverse effects. That was what they
“I’d say you lucked out with that phone call -- but something tells us that was no coincidence.” Coulson began, sliding shades into his breast pocket. Steve followed -- he felt more
(See the end of the chapter for
“Call for backup! Captain Rogers is--” The rounded shield silenced the distress call, bouncing off every last agent in its path back to Steve.
But today his mind pulled in a different direction, away from the bad, the unavoidable, the past.
Their lips parted softly, long enough for a disinterested reply. “Little busy J.” Steve carded through soft hair, resealing their lips.
the radar because our history presumes you dead, winding up in this same timeline.” Steve watched Tony lay down a fry, and then another directly in front of it, creating a straight line, “Or--maybe you go back, interject however you please, and whatever 2019
“Ross has you as guard dog?” Tony’s squinted eyes behind sunglasses, lifting drink for another sip. “Never pictured him owning a chihuahua.”
Steve clasped Tony’s shoulder, breaking into a run with a faint smile curling lips. “Try to keep up.”
“We’re offering you the truth.” Thirteen replied. “Dugan and Mortia were KIA. The rest retired and died of natural causes.” Her words were the cherry on top of the fucking cake he’d had today.
(See the end of the chapter for
creates is completely separate from
What he
A clear sign they were in the right place.
“I didn’t--”
Steve’s heart sank at the timeline, understanding this process was a long one, but --
He was scared.
it and we still don’t know.” He raised a finger, meeting Steve’s dejected eyes. “--Not yet.”
Astonished, wide eyes met Tony’s gaze, his expression dripping with defiance. It was obvious he had more than a simple test in mind -- and Steve hadn’t fought in over two months. He was playing a very dangerous game.
The voice went unnoticed, replaced with the soft sounds of kissing.
like the odds of. To make those odds worse, they were clawing, biting, screaming at the armor -- and Tony was paling watching heavy dustings of nanotech shed.
“You can’t exactly blame him.” A bite of food interrupted Rhodey’s sentence, swallowing before continuing. “Those two will flip when they hear what’s happened.”
This was the first he was hearing of it.
Careful, strategic fingertips caught the broad of Tony’s back
Agent Thirteen trained her gun, expression firm. “Captain Rogers, lower your shield.” His ears were slowly regaining their hearing, enough to realize he was heaving breaths.
The device hummed, the room brightening with a blinding blue. Steve grit his teeth and bolted for the double-dented doors, jaws parted in a yell as the light blinded him.
Tony’s chest tightened. Rhodey might as well have slapped him. “This is about the team—“
“Did we do the right thing?”
Their guns were unwavering. “We can’t let you through, we’re under orders. Nobody in or out.”
The doors sealed shut, and without missing a beat, Tony turned hazel eyes on Steve. “SHIELD’s using you.”
He lost count of their kisses, too wrapped up in Tony’s scent to care. Time became irrelevant; soft exhales, gentle touches and Tony were all that mattered.
any reason to follow them, was the confirmation of his ID, certain they hadn’t been nearby when he’d spoken it before.
Oh did
No, this -- this wasn’t right. Wasn’t--
He led them through the dusty corridor, the sunlight fading with each step. Soon they were engulfed in darkness -- save the soft muted glow through Tony’s shirt. He adjusted shield strappings, struggling through the void until a bright light caught the corner of his eye. Tony carefully angled the phone flashlight, providing them with just enough light to pick up the pace.
A distant engine roar startled Tony out of his spot, not surprised in the least when his head turned to SHIELD vehicles making their exit. Maybe they were tired of waiting on survivors -- or maybe they didn’t want to get caught in the collapse. Either way, Tony couldn’t care less, his thoughts singled on waiting for a red white and blue suit.
Confusion sprawled across Steve’s face. Uh, did he miss something? “What?”
Steve smirked. “Unless you’re too
bother him. “It happened at a bad time—“
Steve smiled, fingers lifting another fry to his mouth. “Bucky and I were the same way.” He said, pausing long enough to chew. “No matter how long we’d be apart--the moment I saw his face again, it was like we’d never really parted ways to begin with.” His shoulders sagged, a somber expression rooting deep in blue irises.
when the Howling Commandos had pursued them; just how long had this facility been under their control?
Tony simply nodded, eyes landing on Steve’s with a smirk. “Don’t tell him I gave it away.” Steve laughed,
Carefully, Steve parted messy locks from Tony’s forehead. It didn’t feel real -- their first kiss shared only hours before, and now here he was in very real danger of losing him.
Sharp teeth sank into exposed chest, and Tony screamed.
Tony frowned. “Jarvis?”
Turquoise light burned his eyes, flinching backward as a deafening roar pulled at the walls. He couldn’t see, but what sounded like thousands of pounds of rubble crumbled into the floor, destroying foundation and likely bringing the ceiling down with it --
Tony pulled himself to his feet, fingers dragging through hair while taking the first step up. “Really thought he’d make it.” The words barely formed a tone, inaudible over the roar of powerful engines.
“Consider it thanks for the sketchbook.” From the first day on, Steve was glad to have Tony part of this whole thing. An opinion beyond SHIELD was good to have (it was good to have outside opinions on lots of things, really), especially when it was as important as
Steve called again. “Bucky!” The thought of being too late twisted Steve’s gut, burned his throat, made him want to scream--
“We could lessen their sentences—“
“Alright.” He agreed, hands finding each hip. “Do you know how to punch?”
He didn’t budge. “Then we should hurry. Double time Rogers.” Steve groaned as Tony waved him forward, leaving the soldier no choice but to follow. Working with Tony was infinitely different than the commandos. Much more stubborn and sassy where his tactical skill was lacking.
Tony’s help, there was no end in sight. At this rate, they’d
Tony grit his teeth, turning his head. “What?” His periphery caught colors other than trees and rubble -- colors that nearly made the genius choke.
Steve grinned, carefully pulling Tony up so he could sit. “I can’t let you off the hook
“We’re US-based.” The woman spoke. Steve briefly turned to make eye contact. “Some of us were deployed here to inspect strange energy spikes.”
He couldn’t see, but both agents exchanged puzzled looks. “Captain Rogers?” One inquired, their guns staying drawn regardless of the non-hostile tone.
“I---damaged the weapon just before it fired,” Steve spoke quietly, eyes still glued to the metallic rim of his shield. “Whatever happened --” He forced down the hot feeling rising in his throat, daring to meet the eyes of both agents. “You said seventy years --” Steve swallowed the last of his reserve, and came right out with it.
“Oh, and. Welcome to my house.” Tony added, gesturing to the assortment of furniture in the living space. “Come sit down, you’re making me nervous.”
Tony exhaled loudly, eyes squeezed shut. “A test?”
a little over the top. But the guy had money, and nobody to deny him of spending it how he wanted.
His hand ran slowly through hair, tugging the ends lightly. “Bring up Mark IV of Rhodey’s leg braces.”
Seventy years was disorienting
have relocated them.
Pulling away was the toughest battle of the evening, his heart emptier when their bodies finally parted.
Tony snorted. “Next question.”
a reason.
“Tony!” He called again, halfway through the field when he managed to pull him back by the shoulder. “Wait in the jet, I’ll only be a minute.”
He didn’t budge, raising the shield higher. He knew all about following orders -- but this was an extremely time-sensitive mission. It was now or never. “It’s nothing personal.” Steve muttered, slamming his shield outwards into the closest agent, gun clattering aside as they tumbled backward.
“Speak for yourself. I was first in line for crazy human experimentation.” Steve laughed again, rolling his eyes in a step away from the oddball.
year olds into college.”
“Where does that leave my chances of getting
The light caught something metal as Steve pulled the flashlight from the ground, casting its ray across a standard SHIELD firearm.
“Vieni con me.” - Come with me.
(See the end of the chapter for
straddling him. “Tony, I--”
“Sounds like the worst place for it.” Steve’s eyes scanned the photo, eyes settling on the taller of the two. “You still talk to him?”
“Care to elaborate?” Steve pulled away from the windows, hurrying for the disorganized duffle bag he’d swiped in their rush.
to be here, he
He might have lingered on some pictures longer than others, admiring how photogenic Tony was. He supposed he
Now all Steve had was a weathered sketchbook, and time to kill. Why not spend it with somebody who for the most part enjoyed talking with him?
Tony found his way next to Steve, of all the seats in the space. He didn’t mind it, of course, more amused by the fact Tony preferred a seat so close to his usual ‘stay away from me’. He supposed Tony didn’t feel Steve violated his personal space, having taken careful precautions to keep him from becoming the same constant uncomfortable other people left him. “Not this time.” He answered Steve’s poke, conveniently placing blueberries on the table in front of them. With no prior objections, Steve reached his hand out for more, caught by the wrist halfway, Tony’s calloused fingers firmly wrapped around his pulse point.
Steve dropped his head, huffing a laugh. “So I’ve been told.” He murmured, eyes slowly reconnecting with Tony’s. Finally, he continued. “Cut me a break -- this isn’t exactly normal for me.”
“Take this.” Steve lifted his shield from the rubble, holding it out for Tony. “Keep under it, and stay safe on the way out.” Steve’s mouth went dry; he forced the words out. “If I’m not back in ten minutes, leave.” His fingers were hesitant, but Tony took the shield, flipping it to face him.
He thought this would help the rogue thoughts bouncing in his head.
severed arm. Steve stumbled a step back, sickness rising in his throat.
“I thought they’d understand.” He scoffed. “I thought I knew them
Tony could barely see Steve’s skin color through the grime, but boy did his blue, perfect eyes speak volumes.
If Tony was right about this, about SHIELD, he was more than happy Tony was interfering with their plan, but this was Steve’s life they were talking about. Selfish or not, he wanted normalcy again.
He felt numb. His body moved into the jet, but Tony didn’t feel it; like someone else was forcing him inside, setting the only thing left of Steve down against the wall.
Tony hummed. “Not to be weird,” Hazel eyes slowly pulled themselves off of the holograms, meeting blues waiting in question. “--my dad kept your sketchbook. Grabbed it before the government seized everything to your name.” Tony nudged his head for the bag Steve had seen him carry in earlier -- finding it odd that he had, considering he always traveled light. “Take it.”
With one last exhale, Steve let every nerve go, cleared his mind of all thoughts but one as he turned the knob.
Two months ago, the only thing that mattered was getting home. Now, Steve found himself pulled the opposite direction, despite his rationalizations. He exhaled slowly, shakily, nodding to Tony.
Before Tony even had a chance to add on to his explanation, Steve’s hand clasped Tony’s, squeezing it tighter than he probably should have. “Thank you, Tony.” His voice cracked, unable to fathom what possessed this man, this superficially
“Probably worse. Peak teenage rebellion.”
His fist broke another’s jaw, catching the shield in time to bonk an assailant away. A third approached from behind, about to swing his shield when their dark figure fell from view, uncovering a faint blue light behind them. “Thanks.” Steve smirked, glad to see the genius applying those kickboxing moves.
“Show me what you learned.” The elaboration opened Tony’s eyes, slowly dragging himself up to a proper stance. “I’ll play defense.”
want to invite you over.” He admitted, leaning more comfortably in his seat. “The conspiracy theory was an added bonus. Plus -- I don’t do well with spies watching me eat. Call me picky.” Steve smiled, lightly nudging a broad shoulder into the smaller man, who only grunted in response.
And judging Tony’s initial shrug, Steve was betting he didn’t have much else. “If I’m not busy.” He adjusted one leg over another, head lazily thumping against the back of the couch. “Jarvis keeps me on my toes.” Just as Steve opened his mouth to ask about the new name, a disembodied voice sent shivers up his spine.
Bucky had disappeared not two months after the incident with Zemo. Hydra ran as an organization for
“Yeah, you do.”
The only bright side to the empty spot beside him was these nightmares affected him, and him alone. No second person worriedly disrupting their sleep, all because of a bad dream that jolted Tony awake. He knew it was one of the many problems of he and Pepper’s relationship.
Tony situated comfortably against the mat, now that his
Now, he was lucky enough to find something and distract himself while Tony muddled through time physics.
Rhodey fell quiet, eyes searching across the tile floor — as if deciphering Tony’s words. “This is about Steve.”
Steve shoved the dramatic man back by the chest, even if he was careful not to hit his reactor. “Wake up Steve.” Tony dramatically raised his voice, hands off by the time his sentence was finished. “Nobody offers guards to a man who can lift a car.”
Dirtied boots carried him forward, briefly catching his reflection muted in black. What happened next he wouldn’t dare call magic, but every box seemed to spring to life, bright light emitting from all three screens. The sudden change physically startled Steve, eyebrows furrowing as words, pictures, and even
A smirk crawled its way onto lips, and Tony pushed himself up on feet with a few crackly joints. “Walk around. I want feedback when I’m done.”
“That weapon is live.” Through those glasses, Steve was sure his confusion was visible, so Tony continued. “It’s throwing energy everywhere -- that’s what’s causing the collapse. You can’t just go
reflexes were too slow to stop it, panicking as broad fingers clasped against the busted hole.
“Tony, he did some—seriously messed up things. Okay? But you can’t keep
about forties’ flirting, but I’ve been waiting
“The anomaly we’re investigating, its coordinates resonate about five miles North.” Thirteen explained. Steve swallowed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Finally, he gave in. “Bucky.” He admitted. “Bucky’s my reason.” He knew the war cleanup went fine without him, he’d read all about it. His team went on to do bigger, better things without him. The world kept spinning, albeit a few hiccups along the way, but Steve would never forgive himself if he didn’t go back for Bucky.
Coulson clicked a button on the keyboard, retracting the files back into nothingness. “Maybe you did, Captain. But nobody else has seen or heard from
No signs of immediate rejection showed in Rhodey’s features, and that was good enough for Tony. “I don’t know how possible that is. Signing this — 117 countries agreed on this decision.” Rhodey lowered his eyes, adjusted his napkin. “If it were just the US, maybe. But I don’t see you smooth talking your way through 117 countries.”
“Yeah, you could say that.”
No. They wouldn’t.
“If I’d avoided Zemo’s beam--”
Tony smiled, empty in meaning. “And I made mine.” He finished quietly, eyes managing to keep to Rhodey’s for a few seconds longer. Slowly, he pushed his chair from the table, gathering his trash. He needed some time. “Thanks for lunch. I’ll see you, buddy.” He dumped his garbage, checked the time, and moved around to pat Rhodey on the shoulder on his way down the street.
Shit.
It felt like hours when silence fell.
Tony snorted. “Most people don’t jump through
not from finding his friend.
Steve tried to tell himself it didn’t matter - Hydra was a dead organization.
It was the world’s biggest library, all at the tip of his finger.
“Jarvis,” Tony’s voice cracked, sliding his glasses on. “Start up the jet.”
littering the stone-cold floor.
“Like that.” Tony mirrored. “Took you long enough to ask.” He said, lightly nudging the soldier beside him, who gave a quiet snort. “You’ve only been staring at it for a month.”
James Rhodes, sniffing out Tony’s bullshit since the 1990’s. His eyes found Rhodey’s again, their gaze lingering longer this time, wondering if he could verbalize what had and still
Each punch mirrored its impact; a single word rattling around in his brain. Over and over again, harder, stronger than the last.
“Would you consider it?” The question left Steve stumped. Confused almost. Why did Tony even want to know?
Tony gripped both railing and shield, eyes watching the crumbling bunker for one last agonizing moment.
“You know my answer.” Tony murmured, thumb gently brushing along soft, pink lips. “The choice belongs to you.”
Steve barely rolled forward in time,
Cautiously, Steve proceeded forward, eyes scouring the file before they settled on one horribly distinctive line.
The next corridor pulsed gently, the soft blue glow eerily reminiscent of Tony’s core. Steve tensed, afraid it’s cooldown was near its end, but the weapon made no noise indicative of firing. He could see it through the barely standing wall, discarded, alone, without an owner to guide its trajectory.
“You don’t owe them a thing, Tony.” His voice was firm but soft, refusing to break contact with brown eyes. “They made their choice.”
Their bodies met and Steve pulled him close, tucking them underneath the shield as the world around them crumbled.
God, why was it so easy to hear Steve’s voice? It’d been nearly two years. Lack of sleep never helped the hallucinations. But the voice. The
And the agent seemed to control them all with a touch of her
“I don’t see your point.” Steve murmured, noting every branch and corridor they passed. Just in case.
It took half an hour smoothing out the basic functions, but once Steve found the search engine, he was entertained for
Steve sighed. He was overwhelmed with information, speculation, accusation. “And what makes you so different from them?” The soldier challenged, interested in Tony’s defense in all of this.
“Yeah--got that.” Nanites rolled down armored shoulders, forming custom missiles to obliterate the fast encroaching Chitauri. From the left came unexpected energy blasts, knocking the suit of its regular course with a punctuated grunt inside the armor. “Were you waiting until
The genius didn’t let him finish, kissing him fervently. Both hands gripped dirty padded shoulders, pulling him closer with every kiss he stole. Steve wrapped strong arms around his waist, dragging a pathetic noise from Tony, who pulled away long enough to utter a single sentence.
Thanks for reading!
Instead it tore everything apart; his relationship, his team, the last ounce of
laughed, setting the book down in front of his spot.
there.”
“Left.” Tony said, following Steve’s maneuver accordingly. They continued straight, past two hallways that sent chills down the soldier’s spine -- brushing it aside for more important matters. “Right.” Tony instructed. “Stairway just ahead.” Steve began forward, turning his head when Tony scoffed.
wasn’t it? After all, he’d even witnessed Howard Stark furrow his brows at the mention of something so fictitious.
"Quel modo. Vai in quel modo." - That way. Go that way.
Steve playfully shoved Tony back when he came in to most likely repeat the process. “If you think they’re so hellbent on weaponizing what Zemo accidentally had, why don’t you stop them?” He turned to face Tony, who had already meandered his way back for the blueberries, popping them a handful at a time.
“Where did you get these?” These were classified documents,
“That’s
“Computers,” Coulson simply replied, helping the second agent pull up what they needed on the --
A tight smile thinned Coulson’s lips. “That makes two of us.” Steve watched as the agent stepped for an old alley door, pulling a card from his pocket. It was thin, blue -- and
“The future’s so much better.” Tony smirked. “Can’t believe you’d go back to a world of polio and racism.” Steve rewarded Tony with an elbow, playfully rolling his eyes.
“It’s a nice place.” He complimented, eyes briefly looking across the large, open expanse. “Little big for one guy, though.” He laughed, scooping another handful of berries. “You ever get lonely?” It was an honest question. Tony never mentioned a girlfriend, or family other than his father. Hell, Rhodey was the only person Steve knew that even talked to Tony besides himself, SHIELD excluded.
He scoured the internet for three weeks, learning more, seeing more, and finally realizing just how much the world really
“Sometimes,” Tony answered. “Comes in handy making designs.”
than enough reasons to blush today. It was a damn sixth sense with him.
“C’mon,” Tony slowly stood, gathering the remains of his meal. “Let’s get some air.”
Steve huffed a laugh, following his given orders. Once inside the ring, he met toe-to-toe with Tony, eyebrow raised in questioning. “What did you have in mind?”
Steve furrowed his brow. “I broke it.”
He thought about Bucky. About his team. About Zemo, the weapons, Hydra. His moments of clarity always came in combat, dirtied fists bashed against an enemy—
No visible heat signatures stood at the bunkers’ entrance.
it.” Tony deducted. “Sure,
changed in seventy years.
thanks for being patient! love to hear your thoughts as always <3
But neither agent looked like his question was even
At least this way, he could help someone who
Tony jumped, coffee sloshing out onto the counter -- and across parts of his hand. “Shit--” It didn’t matter much -- mostly because his eyes see Steve, barely illuminated by the farthest reaches of the kitchen light.
about this. You have to let it go. If that means letting
“Yeah, tell me something I don’t know.” Of course Tony had heard sightings of rogue avengers, but with most of them out of the country, the accords didn’t allow any of them to pursue the leads. The one time the UN thought it worthwhile, any traces of the group were gone long before Tony had arrived. What a shame. “Last week he came by — something about checking up.” Tony scrunched his nose. “I knew it was about Banner, Thor. It terrifies him. Thinks I’m hiding them in some storage vault.”
“Nobody understands time travel. Not really.” Tony’s look was slightly softened; surely it was some sort of pity. “You
"Mossa! Trova un posto sicuro!” - Move! Find a safe place!
He tried his absolute best to keep from pulling out his hair when he smoothed it back. “But you can get me back,” Steve slowly spoke, desperation clinging to each and every word. Tony’s gaze chilled Steve to the bone, a horrible pit in his stomach forming.
“Suppose neither one of us asked for it, either.” Steve said, catching the quiet scoff that left Tony.
“You’ve got yourself a roommate.”
been genuine. He didn’t know. He hadn’t thought about it. Bucky was too important, waiting for him seventy years in the past.
Steve didn’t dare lower his guard, shield raised high.
And he was right on the money -- one look over told Steve he was already one step ahead, augmented glasses resting lightly on his nose. They continued straight, wary eyes searching every dim corner for an inconspicuous lever or door frame that would lead them to a covert room.
imagined--
Blindly, Steve walked with him, nervous eyes landing on anywhere but Tony. He felt uncomfortable for reasons he didn’t quite understand, but the topic was so touchy, he had to assume it was only his nerves. It wasn’t until the crest of the large letter S peeked beyond buildings that Steve realized where they were going, but he didn’t understand
“Read it.” Coulson insisted. Steve didn’t trust them, not one bit, but the tension in his shoulders eased as Coulson lowered his gun, Thirteen hesitantly following.
want to know is where this town came from. Where my platoon is.” Zemo
They stepped through the double-wide doors, closing seamlessly behind them. The lobby was just as big as Steve expected, glossed floors sprawling what had to be hundreds of feet. He followed Tony’s slow pull for the elevators, blue eyes briefly flicking along his back.
“Start the launch sequence.” Tony managed, beginning to close the door.
“You sure make it look good,” Before Steve could properly form a thought on how that might have sounded to Tony, the guy’s head turned, eyebrow quizzically cocked. “I meant--”
Steve swallowed, eyes lowering to the book still secured inside his pocket. The only thing to his name after a month in the future, and Tony had given it to him.
“I think there’s something you’re missing.” Tony prompted, leaving Steve smiling an empty smile.
Gloves padded his rough impact against the wall, cresting the light over the ceiling.
“This place is bigger than you think.”
“The accords.” Tony reiterated, eyes slowly finding their way to settle on Rhodey again. “Did we,” he gestured vaguely, shoulders dropping. “do the right thing.”
“Me? Making you nervous?” Steve snorted, slowly giving in to Tony’s request. “Are you okay?” He teased, wandering down the couple steps into the sunken living space. “Have a drink too many this morning?” Slowly he found a comfortable seat (all of them
Again. Sweeter than the last, his eyes fluttered, carding fingers through chocolate hair. Tony encouraged the touch, finding fingers running through his own hair, coaxing their kiss deeper.
But Tony only smirked, patting the broad-shouldered man between the shoulder blades. “Because I stalk you without higher up orders.” Steve erupted with laughter, head shaking in disbelief, how
This wasn’t right.
“Think about it.” 101. 102 -- Jesus this elevator was fast. “You blipped their radar. Time travel -- possible, but how?” The doors opened, and Tony stepped out backwards, wagging his finger in thought. “Something you did, or
Yeah, he’d
say some strange things.
had returned him to rights. “Wouldn’t want you to.” A provocative wink batted long lashes, something Steve found difficult to look away from.
From the corners of his eyes, he could see Tony’s glasses illuminated with information. “The structure’s destabilizing.” Steve didn’t need a fancy pair of glasses to understand that; the splinters running concrete walls explained perfectly. “We stay much longer and we’re getting a free burial.”
he could trust these two.
With Bucky theoretically thrown into Steve’s same future, the only thing tethering him to the past was his birthdate.
This facility hadn’t been used in decades, no lights, no generator -- nothing. It was an empty shell, just like Zemo’s bunker.
go—“ Rhodey shook his head. “It might be best.”
“Now?”
“I don’t understand.” Steve’s voice wavered. How could
it’s clear we’re not handling threats effectively.” Waiting for someone to give them the OK took hours, at best. How many people’s lives were in danger in those golden hours?
But with one subdued, two more replaced them. Even
Once composed he resumed his assault, wrapped knuckles throwing hard blows into a well-worn punching bag.
Finally, Steve swallowed the lump in his throat. “He’s my friend.” He spoke softly.
Tony shrugged dramatically, opening a sleek, steel fridge, free of imperfections. “Who wouldn’t jump on that train?” Steve crossed his arms, leaning against an island that stretched nearly the entire expanse of the kitchen.
Tony simply stared without words as Steve punished himself -- like he always seemed to do. He pulled fingers away, surely to remove himself from underneath Steve, but the hand cupped his jaw, calloused thumb running along his cheek. “Maybe you do.”
one.” Calloused fingers lay down another fry diagonally against the first, placing another fry on top of it.
“Oh, I know exactly what you meant.” Tony grinned.
Gone.
Steve argued. “I can save Bucky, prevent countless wrongdoings Hydra did after I disappeared.” Tony pushed air out of his chest, eyebrow raising in question.
Jarvis didn’t care.
Steve carefully rewrapped the book closed, turning to Tony, who wasn’t looking now but had sneaked a tiny glance over while the soldier reunited with his old belongings. “Thank you, Tony.” He murmured softly, voice soft with sincerity. This meant -- more than he could express. A month in the future hadn’t been easy, but little conversations with Tony, Sharon and his newest friend Natasha had made it bearable. And Tony going out of his way to find something that belonged to Steve...
“You must be very confused.” Steve grabbed his shield out of the floor, eyes raised to Coulson in a sigh.
“You’re the cover-up.
Cap.” He popped the fry into his mouth, taking a few more in hand. “Theoretically, you could go back, live a happy life
His quest to learn more led him on an endless search, results from Tony bleeding into Howard, and those into weaponry -- which ultimately led him to World War II. The internet had damn near everything, but unfortunately, not all of it was good.
Steve pulled away. The biggest mistake of his life. “I can’t do this. Tony,” His fingers loosened, dropping locks wrapped between fingers. A deafening silence prefaced the horrible truth. “I don’t belong here.”
They were close. He knew, because each turn held more agents than the last. And each time, Steve would tighten his shield and get to work. No amount of manpower would keep him from denting their plan, and
from the ground. He lay dumbfounded, wide-eyed and all as Steve pulled him closer with a wide, wicked smile.
Tony’s hand dropped off broad back, snaking right back for the blueberries. “Give it time. I’m single-handedly the most trustworthy person you’ll meet.” A snort drug from Steve when he caught the cocky wink, watching Tony back off enough to snap fingers for the ceiling, illuminating the fireplace neatly placed in such an open concept.
easily, Stark.”
He persisted. “You’re a SHIELD prisoner in that room. Stay here. Live a little, get out. Just until I find the right way to send you home.” Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing; he
this guy really was.
He wasn’t coming back for that shield. Why on God’s green earth would he? Tony had made it very clear he wasn’t its rightful owner.
of the
Thanks for reading so far! You can find my tumblr with the same username: reactcr.
He started down the steps into his personal gym, coffee lazily raising to lips in a silent confirmation to begin said explanation.
Standing there in the doorway was his biggest fear. Tony, coffee in hand, with eyes on the destruction.
Dirtied fingers dragged through chocolate hair, nervously bouncing his knee atop the jet staircase, vibranium singing the vibrations back. The debris billowing out of the bunker had forced him and the SHIELD survivors further out, leaving Tony’s stomach in knots.
“So you took me all the way up here just to tell me about your doubts?” Steve teased, savoring the taste of the snack. He hadn’t had any groceries here, just the things from the SHIELD cafeteria. They were
“I can’t pay rent just by cooking for my incompetent landlord.” The offended look Tony shot made him laugh, knowing it took way more than that to ruffle his feathers.
Steve sighed, picking a few bigger, juicy berries from the pile. “What’s your point, Tony. You sound like a movie detective.” The slightest crack of a smile formed on Tony’s lips, clearing his throat for the big reveal.
“How’s a burger sound?”
They wouldn’t be happy to see them.
As for the town; Steve couldn’t
And if he didn’t take off soon -- he and fifty tons of jet would be joining the earth.
It was everything Steve could have asked for and more.
He blinked.
Steve’s nose scrunched. “Just as much trouble back then too, huh?” Tony’s foot kicked into Steve’s leg, laughing the brief discomfort away.
them six hours ago.” Steve repeated, just barely keeping the growl out of his voice.
was realistic in their explanations, even if it hurt to hear. Steve sighed, nodding softly. “From what I’ve seen, if anyone can figure it out, it’s you.”
“I don’t always follow the rules.”
“We’re here to help you, Captain.” Steve’s blues cut through Coulson like glass, struggling to front a defensive glare when his body began to tremble.
“Zemo’s bunker.” Both nodded.
And Steve did.
Tony white-knuckled the handle, lips quivering with the last togetherness he had.
They talked on the way, while they waited for their food (Steve had taken a little long to decide what he wanted; their menus were
see Tony again.
“Why?” It was all Steve could manage.
“That’s one point in your favor, Stark. You better think of more if I’m gonna fully trust you.” It was a tease, but Steve only knew what the internet told, what SHIELD files read, and the buzz around HQ. The month spent here had given him insight, and a firm friendship with Tony, but if this was a serious as he claimed; he needed more.
Here's hoping posting this at 1:30 AM isn't a major editing mistake! Hope you enjoy!
He had to make it.
Finally Steve sighed, long and dramatic, unseized hand raising in defeat. “Skeptic-no-more.” He promised, granted the release of his hand and the reward of delicious, ripe blueberries.
Another perk of living with Tony; just about every amenity Steve could think of was provided.
Steve struggled for words, his face an entirely new color. “Tony--” Surely he was
done.”
“Straight ahead! Here!” Eyes caught the light, nothing more important to Steve than protecting its owner. He put his serum to the test, avoiding a slab of concrete by millimeters in his mad dash for Tony.
been drinking, had he?
“Bucky!” Oh no -- no, no. Steve swept the area, pieces of machinery, uniforms,
Tony sure was a handful, but -- if he wanted a lesson, who was Steve to deny him?
Heavily armed doors greeted the team of two, but a simple push skid heavy metal across dampened concrete. SHIELD was still here -- which either meant they were still searching inside; or detaining them. Either way, Tony was right about one thing;
The optimism was appreciated, even if Steve’s standards had quickly lowered with the hard truth. SHIELD hadn’t even tried to be blunt; they’d told him he’d be home in no time. At least
Steve gawked at the man beneath him, who did nothing more than cock an eyebrow inquisitively. No odd circumstances here, straddling was a
Tony started down the hallway, sipping at hot coffee — though not nearly as scalding to the tongue.
Steve scoffed. “Are you--trying to tell me, I’m in the wrong
of all things. One quick wave across a black strip tumbled loud locks and unlatched the heavy door from inside. “Right this way, please.”
He’d politely, but firmly been told to hold any questions until they reached a more secure site.
“Right.” Tony motioned Steve with him, hesitantly pulling his eyes from the vast sea of windows. He had a harder time wrapping his head around the enormity of the space than the building itself. “You come in. Captain America. A legend gone missing. You’re lost, confused, and these people who you can only associate with an old code offer help.”
No door would stop him. Shield or not, Steve parted lips in a yell and braced for impact, metal groaning in resistance as the soldier forced his way through dented steel, tumbling until his feet brought all momentum to a halt.
“What?” Steve did well to keep his voice down, regardless of the lack of agents. Tony stepped in line with the soldier, taking the first step down a floor.
He kept his firm hold until a soft pained noise squeaked out from Tony’s lips, quickly apologizing with a softer touch. “What a grip.” He laughed softly, flexing fingers in Steve’s looser grip to rid the ache. “One last thing,” Tony began, leaving Steve wondering what else he could possibly ask of him.
The door shut with an echo, lights dimly illuminating the small space. Steve slowly stepped forward, eyes glossing over three large, black boxes that hung flush to the wall, just above a table. “What is this?” His tone remained firm, expectant of an answer as both ushered themselves forward.
(not gonna lie, this was a bit of a challenge, balancing their issues with their wants)
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wanted to hear your motivations.” He clarified, clearing his throat. “Tell you what. I’ll do some digging. See what I can find on your Bucky.” Blue irises widened in disbelief, waiting for the catch in Tony’s offer. “It’s a shot at retrieving him quicker if you can’t prevent his kidnapping.”
Blood pumped through veins, adrenaline urging fists to land their mark, each punch harder than the last. His knuckles stung, but it felt good, and Steve almost missed the pain.
It moved, groaned,
As his first month in the future approached, Steve was confident he was better prepared in this era than when he had stumbled out of the abandoned bunker.
A nice kick under the table sparked a giggle from Tony. “He’s worried about the others knocking down his door. They are ranked most wanted.”
He swung -- a jab, easily dodged with a quick sideways maneuver. “Stay focused, Tony.” A right hook landed, blocked by a sturdy forearm. “Anger won’t get you closer to a hit.”
“You miss him.”
He bent knees, beginning to situate it on the floor when movement turned his head.
scientist inside.” He admonished, following after the persistent man.
“Bucky?” The words bounced off walls, sending shivers down his spine. This felt too familiar -- a deja vu Steve had no interest in reliving.
(See the end of the chapter for
The further they walked, the more Tony’s comment made sense. How could Hydra have enough resources for something this extensive? They were scattered, running on
Minutes felt like hours down here; there must have been dozens of corridors and hallways to explore. He gave an unnerved glance to the man beside him, hoping his coordinates had been right. Even with unexplored hallways, they had yet to run into any SHIELD agents.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just like Sharon said, smack dab in the middle of his chest held an odd, glowing light, peeking out from several pictures.
Slowly, Steve muddled through his choice of words. He had so much to say. And he wouldn’t dare screw it up -- not now, when the person who he was simply enamored with laid beneath him, straddled by -- Jesus, he was
“Staring’s a bit of an overstatement.” Steve countered, eyebrow playfully cocked. “Besides--most people don’t have an orb in their chest.”
After several seconds of staring at the ceiling, Steve finally came to his conclusion. “A robot?” Tony smiled, stealing yet another blueberry from Steve’s cupped hand.
But Tony’s eyes were unwavering. “It doesn’t have to be.” Steve’s lip quivered. “You
“Tony--”
Bucky was the good in Steve’s life, the person who helped him through it all. His parents’ funerals, the ungodly amounts of fights he’d wrangle himself into, help on his rent, groceries. Bucky was there for
the full meaning of Tony’s words. A heavy sense of nostalgia warmed Steve’s soul as his fingers brought out a book, dirtied and weathered with time, but bound strongly as ever. He smiled, carefully unwrapping the rope that held it closed, fingers gently thumbing through yellowed pages of drawings. To him, they were four, five years at their oldest, but Steve knew better by now.
Steve bolted for the next room, hopping over uneven remains and large, out of place chunks of rubble.
Rhodey remained quiet, which gave Tony the impression he wanted to hear it until the end. “The Avengers were never meant to run under a government operation. They just weren’t. We gave it a try, because the alternatives were worse — and we’re none the better.” A brief drink of water wet his tongue again. “Ross won’t see it that way — why give up his control willingly?” He huffed. “Something has got to change, Rhodey. This isn’t working.” Maybe he’d have included mention of his team labeled as criminals when they were the very opposite,
“I said I’m worried about you.” Rhodey sighed. “Look at you, man. Your bags have bags.” His hand gripped the countertop while Tony tinkered with brace circuits. “Talk to me.”
Soreness locked Steve against an icy floor, small pebbles tumbling through the man-sized breach. Each cough echoed through an empty room, his discarded flashlight illuminating the far reaches of stone and concrete. Steve staggered onto clumsy feet, adrenaline urging him forward into the seemingly untouched room. How was that possible?
Half an hour.
concrete shaking violently beneath their feet. Both men scrambled for support against the wall, exchanging concerned glances in the dim light. “We need to hurry.” Steve urged, resuming quick footwork down the old staircase as Tony hastily followed.
That alone gave Steve reason to trust Tony.
Tony’s chest heaved, fingers desperately working to free himself of what restrained him. It wasn’t until he was fully upright that he could feel how violently every inch of his body was shaking.
“Why not?” Steve challenged, pulling on the grip.
Once he swallowed the first few berries, Steve interjected. “SHIELD was founded by two people I knew well. People I trusted.”
Sorry you guuuys, thanks for sticking with me! Love to hear what you think <3
“My god.” His legs carried him downstairs faster than he could process, bolting across the field towards the dirtied, bleeding soldier and the limp figure.
Tony blew air out of his cheeks, wringing hands together as more cracks splintered across the bunkers’ surface. He was an idiot for letting Steve run head first into danger in the first place. As much as he admired his bravery, he was goddamn stubborn -- Tony hoped that hadn’t gotten him killed.
Not SHIELD. Tony.
“Of staying?” Steve clarified. “No, I hadn’t. It’s been in my head from day one the endgame was home.” He huffed. “In my own time.” Tony carefully read Steve’s expression.
Just when Steve thought it couldn’t get worse, a loud rumble stalled their movements, dim flashlights aimed down the direction it had come from. A blessing in disguise maybe -- but Steve took it nonetheless, lowering his shield.
Tony checked his watch again.
A certain file in particular pulled Steve closer, blue eyes falling on the relaxed soldier’s smile.
“You can stay here, or — take your friend with you back to the forties. Lucky for you, we’re dealing with time.” Tony said, cracking the tiniest smile. “You have all the time in the world to decide.”
“They want time travel. They want to figure it out, use it,
Nothing ground his teeth more than rolling over for the government,
I made the switch. Unlike my dad, I
The internet was the niftiest thing Steve had ever seen.
“Coincidence how?” Steve queried, still uncertain how
His friend needed him. Bucky would do the same for him.
But if this meant he’d get answers, so be it.
crazy.
Steve opened his mouth, about to comment on the lack of people in passing when the car pulled into a tight alleyway and slowed to a stop. Watching Coulson round the car, he thanked him as he opened the door, carefully ducking out of the car’s low seating.
“Tony.”
“I took a wrong turn.”
The further Steve delved, the more he wished for a second shield.
“This building is on the verge of collapse. All of you need to leave now.” His voice carried down the hallway, confident all were in earshot -- but not so much on the chance they’d take his offer. One, three, a dozen heads turned, contorting Steve’s face with a horrid dread. One brief glance told him Tony was on the same page, gritting teeth as he tightened his shield, and readied for another strike--
Steve hurried past it, hoping rubble would eventually disperse the weapons’ chaos -- but too weary to attempt it himself. His flashlight ran across every corner, every inch of slab concrete floor as the area pulsed blue. Not a single inch would go uncovered before Steve assumed the worst. Bucky
the billionaire. “Dammit.” He growled, snatching shield on his way out the door.
Him? An
Quietly he nodded. “Stay out of sight.” He replied, feeling the weight of warm fingers leave his glove. Tony stepped into the opposite corner and turned off the light, leaving both in pitch black -- though Steve was sure the genius could still see through his glasses.
