Steve laughed at him as he got up to help Tony up. He scowled at the helpful hand. "I can get up myself Cap." He attempted to get up again, but once again failed. Steve rolled his eyes and grabbed the man's arm, gently. "Easy Cap, we're not all indestructible." Tony joked, his voice low. He looked up to see the blond with a strange look on his face. It was something he didn't recognize...
The cake exploded, and the Avengers ducked; but not quick enough. Tony took his free hand to wipe cake out of his eyes, and immediately gasped at what he had done. "Shit..." he whispered under his breath, and he noticed the others with cake splattered on them as well. They got up slowly, and gave Tony a dirty look before their eyes fell on Steve, who seemed to have received most of the blast.
"I never wanted to be the leader! I never asked for any of this! I never asked to be responsible for everyone, to make sure everyone would get home safe and sound because I knew it wouldn't have happened! I knew that I wouldn't have been able to protect everyone!" Steve felt his voice breaking; he was saying too much.
"I've been practicing. Anyone asks, we were just putting on a show." Steve didn't wait for Tony's reply; he simply grabbed the shorter man’s hand, and pulled him onto the dance floor. "You know this is a tango right?" Tony muttered as he and the man began to circle each other. "Yep." The violins began, and Steve placed a hand on Tony's shoulder, turning him so they now faced each other. Tony was surprised by the soldier's sudden grace, but he wasn't one to be out shone.
"What about her? She looks like a good looking woman." Tony nodded his head in the direction of a young red head, wearing a mini skirt and fishnet leggings. They had gone to a small bar, one a little out of the way than what they were used to. The Silver Celtics was more of a man's space than a place to pick up women, which is what brought them here. And needless to say, the selection was pretty slim; Steve gave the other man a serious look. "I want a woman, not a prostitute!" The soldier muttered under his breath, not impressed. "You know Stark, why don't we just leave? I don't think I'm-" he began, but he stopped short when a familiar face took the seat next to him.
“Hey Steve! Glad to see you made it okay!” Clint said, greeting him with a smile. “Everyone is around the tree; I’ll show you where to put your presents.” Steve nodded, and walked quickly with the smaller man to the living room. “Woah…” he gasped, and stopped short upon entering the living room. The tree was huge, and decorated with ornaments of all kinds; old ones, new ones, ones that lit up and ones that sparkled.  A small train wrapped around the bottom of the tree, and Steve smiled. It was like the one he used to have when he was a kid.
Tony gave her a small smile. "Well how was your trip?" he asked, resisting the urge to pull away. "It was fine, first class paid by a very loving boyfriend." she giggled. "Only the best for you." He chuckled, and she pecked his lips.
Steve left the shower, threw on his jeans and tee, and hopped on his bike. He didn't mind riding in the cold weather. It didn't bother him. When he finally reached Stark towers, the concrete before it was still a bit broken. He looked up to see the A, which had now become their symbol, standing proud. He parked his bike on the sidewalk, and headed in.
Christine smirked, and pulled a manila folder out of her purse. She placed it on the table and slid it to Steve. He looked at it, and opened it. Photos, quite a few of them, were contained in it. All of Tony and Steve, some where they were holding hands, others of them sneaking a quick kiss. "Have you been stalking us?" Steve questioned, flipping through the photos.
The bath had filled, and Steve stripped of his sweats and blue sweat shirt. He slipped in and sighed with relief. Yeah, this was exactly what he needed.
"It's a date." Steve said nonchalantly, not really paying attention to his word choice. The three men laughed, but an uncomfortable feeling passed over the table, and Tony and Bruce went to talking about their project while Steve finished eating, and went back to his room to read.
"Pops?" he calls out, knocking on the door. "Come in Peter." Steve chokes out. The boy runs into the room, and jumps onto the bed. He crawls into his father's arms, and bawls like a baby. Steve cries with him, he was too broken to even try to be strong. "I want him back. He can't be gone. He just can't." Peter sobs, and Steve tries to stop him from shaking. "He's not gone Peter. He's here," Steve cries, his Christian faith taking over. "He's here." A cold feeling rushes over Steve, starting at his neck, and working its way down his arms. He tries to pretend it's Tony, Tony's hugging him, and holding them together. Trying to fix the broken pieces that he left shattered.
"Alright, where's the little bastard at?" Clint asked, and Steve quickly pushed Tony off of him. He gave Steve a dirty look as soon as Clint looked up from adjusting his arrow onto the string. A look of disappointment flashed over his face as he noticed Tony sitting in the snow. "Glad to see you're okay Tony." he mumbled, and walked over to give his friend a hand. Steve got himself off, brushing snow off himself. But as soon as he was about to start walking, someone pushed him back into the snow. "What the hell?" he growled, glaring up at the fleeing pair. "Fly bird man fly!" Tony laughed as he ran beside his friend, who seemed ready to fall into the snow laughing.
The next morning, Tony woke up to Steve still sleeping. He watched his strong chest rise and fall, the sun causing his body to almost glow. He didn't want to get out of bed, but he knew he would have to. So with much resistance, he lifted himself out of his bed and threw on a pair of boxers. He made his way to the kitchen yawning.
"I'm glad you could all make it today!" Fury's voice boomed over the din of the bar, and everyone cheered with excitement. It was unlike him to hold a party like this, and everyone was glad to see him so relaxed. Steve and Tony turned in their bar stools to see the director with a drink in his hand, and a smile on his face. "I wanted to thank you all, for your work to S.H.I.E.L.D, and," he paused, taking a moment to look at each of the Avengers. "For your work protecting this country. To you all, I owe my life. Cheers!" Everyone joined him in the toast, and then returned to their normal conversations.
"So you did see. I thought I recognized the car speeding off." Steve looked around, too embarrassed to meet Tony's eyes. He heard Tony chuckle, and place a heavy hand on his shoulder. "Listen, I'm happy for you two. I was just feeling lonely, and seeing you with her; it reminded me of what I was missing from Pepper." The man lied, trying to get Steve to look at him.
He repeated, and again, the same result. "I am not my father!" he yelled aloud, and looking up, he saw his reflection, along with someone else's. "What are you doing here?" Tony growled, turning around to glare at the super-soldier.
Tony bit his lip, an uncomfortable feeling coming over him. “Tony, relax. I’m not gonna squeal on you,” Bruce said, placing a firm hand on his friend’s shoulder. “I wouldn’t want to do that to you. You and-” he paused to wave a hand at the blond. “Steve here obviously makes you very happy. And who am I to get in the way?” Tony’s lips curled into a smile, and he hugged his friend. “Thanks Bruce.”
Steve quickly told the cabbie the address of their hotel, and he seat belted himself in. Tony had closed his eyes, lack of sleep finally taking its toll on him. Steve took Tony's head, and leaned it against his own shoulder, and he saw a smile pass the rich man's lips. The blond folded his hands in his lap, and sat in silence for the rest of the ride.
Steve quickly spun Tony out, expecting to catch him off guard. He should have known better. Tony planted his feet firmly and pulled Steve towards him instead. Steve gasped and prepared to hit the floor, not expecting Tony to catch him. He pulled the super soldier back up, not missing a step. His eyes flashed with a playful look.
"You're playing a dangerous game here Captain." The woman snarled, crossing her arms and looking out the window. "I'm not playing anymore. I've already won." The soldier said, and parked the car in the parking lot of the theater. He got out to get the door for Christine. "We'll just see about that." Christine muttered to herself, and allowed Steve to get the door for her, putting on a fake smile as they linked arms and headed into the theater.
"Thanks for defending me back there Stevie." Christine said loud enough for Steve to hear through his door. "No problem. I have no tolerance for a man who disrespects a woman like that." It was partially true, Steve may not like Christine, but he was still a gentleman. And he had to make it seem believable.
Steve pulled away from the hug for a short second, to place a short peck on Tony’s lips. “I think everyone is probably wondering where we are, don’t you?” he mumbled, locking eyes with his lover. “Yeah… But I don’t want to go in yet.” Tony playfully pouted, nuzzling Steve’s chest. “Come on boy.” Steve joked, pulling away from the hug and taking Tony’s hand. The two released their hands before walking back into the building.
“I don’t know if I can keep doing this Steve.” Tony whispered between passionate kisses. The two lovers had joined in Steve’s hotel room, considering it to be the safest place. Bruce was just about always in the lab, and Clint liked to surprise Tony with his little assassin tactics. No one really visited Steve, thinking that he was at the gym with his new toy.
"Nothing." was all the man said, before jamming a finger on his button. The elevator doors shut, and an awkward silence passed over. The couple quickly got off on their floor, continuing with the argument in a hushed tone. Tony tapped his foot impatiently as the car went to his floor, finally stopping. He ran off, in desperate need of a drink. He and Steve haven't fought like that in forever. It scared him, and he didn't want to deal with his fear right now.
“Damn guys! That was awesome!” Clint exclaimed as the two reached him and Natasha. They nodded thanks, still trying to catch their breath. “Let me buy you two a drink, on the house.” Clint offered, and headed in the direction of the bar. When he was out of ear shot, Natasha shoved both of the men hard. “Are you nuts? What the hell was that?” she growled, lowering her voice.  “Oh come on Natasha, it was a simple dance. It was all for show.” Steve said, shrugging as if it was no big deal.
The brunet couldn't very well risk waking Steve up if he was going to try and act like last night ever happened.
Tony stood before them, shirt un-tucked, tie loosened, and the strong smell of alcohol wafting off of him. "Excuse us, for a moment." Steve murmured to Ashley, who simply nodded as she watched the man get up. "Tony, I need to speak with you." he wore a serious look, but the brunette simply stared at him, looking bored. "What is it Capsicle? You lookin to go back to my place?" Tony's eyes flickered over to Ashley, who looked just about ready to die of embarrassment.
"Hey Steve, everything okay?" Bruce asked as he stepped out of his room and into the corridor, almost bumping into an extremely upset Steve. "Here are your tickets back, thanks for the offer, but I think you and Tony should go. He'd have much more fun without me." The soldier said as politely as he could, placing the tickets in his friend's hand.
"I said get up, and fight me! You think you're so tough, let's see what you got!" a man taunted, giving Steve a small shove to the shoulder. The soldier stood, eyes burning. "Listen, I'm not going to fight you. I'm here with a friend of mine, and we just want to have a good time alright?" He growled, and the man smirked, obviously drunk. "Ooooooh, he just wants to have a good time!" The man said, loud enough for the whole bar to hear. "Well, what do you say we give these people a show? Make it a good time for everyone?" Steve took in a breath, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Look buddy, I don't want any trouble alright? Now why don't you just go sit back down, and we can just enjoy ourselves?" He offered, but the stupid drunk didn't know when to quit.
"I love you too," the other whispered, and moaned loudly, feeling himself close. "Come with me babe, make my wish come true." the soldier said, voice almost teasing. Tony laughed lightly, and moaned out Steve's name as he came, listening as his lover did the same. Steve pecked his lips quickly before pulling out, and lying next to his lover on the bed. The brunette began to sing happy birthday softly, and the blond laughed as he pulled him close, and wrapped them beneath the covers.
night! No, he made a promise to this man. "Yeah, let's go. I know just where to find all the best ladies." Tony winked, and grabbed a coat. "Come on Cap, time to find you a woman!"
Tony felt a pang from Steve's cold words, and half of him wanted to walk off the roof at that moment. But he couldn't just leave him here, and so, he joined him. "Move over." he grumbled, making his way towards the super soldier. Steve looked up to see the arrogant man positioning himself near the edge, and the blond smiled softly, trying to keep it hidden, but he was touched. It was nice to know he was thinking of him.
Tony released the blond's hand, blushing slightly. A familiar beat played over the speakers of the restaurant, and the brunette looked over to see couples flocking to the dance floor, laughing and beginning to dance. Hinder's cover of "Take Me Home Tonight" blasted, and Tony shook his head, chuckling. "You want to dance?" Steve asked, a playful tone in his voice. "Sure." Tony said, and stood, taking the soldier to the dance floor and beginning to move his hips to the music.
"Uh," Tony began, but couldn't really think of anything to say. "Trying to remove myself from your grip of steel."
"I'm a fast healer." Steve said, and tossed Tony onto the bed, causing the springs to squeak slightly.
Tony pulled up to the house, hedges along a wrought iron fence blocking his view. He got out of the car, leaving Bruce in the car to wonder what was going on. Truthfully, Tony had wanted to leave only a few minutes after they got in, and he seemed hell-bent on finding this address. "Tony's so weird." he mumbled, and flipped on some music.
"Can we take the elevators this time?" Tony pleaded, slowly sobering up. "Sure thing, but do you think you can handle the motion?" Steve asked as they got in. "Unless you want to carry me up the stairs again," the smaller man teased. He was surprised to feel his feet leave the ground, and for a moment, he was sure he was falling. He realized that Steve was carrying him, bridal style. "Going to carry me over the threshold Cap?" Tony laughed.
Anger and hurt flooded him. He went blind. All he could hope is that it wasn't painful. It wasn't as painful as the scream that tore Tony's throat apart as the realization of losing the man he loved washed over him. It wasn't as painful as the feeling of his heart being torn from his chest as he went temporarily insane, blasting everything and everyone with his repulsors.
To her surprise. the blonde began to laugh. Toni stared at the woman, believing her to have gone mad. She continued to laugh, so hard that tears began to come out of her eyes, and she had to wipe them away to avoid her makeup smudging.
Steve was fuming. "That's it. I'm taking you home, one way, or another." Tony sat back down in the booth, and crossed his arms over his chest. "You wouldn't do it. You don't have the balls." he challenged, and the two remained, watching each other. Tony smiled, a snarky smile that made Steve want to kiss him, for some stupid reason. He leaned in, and the brunette felt his breathing stop. The soldier picked up Tony and slung him over his shoulder, causing both to lose their train of thoughts.
He looked around in the street, but it was of no use. Natasha had followed out after the two lovers, curious as to what the hell was going on. “Tony?” She peered at the man before her, who looked bewildered and confused. “What the hell happened back there? Why did Steve run out like that?” Tony turned around quickly. “Natasha, I need you to do me a favor. Don’t let anybody know Steve left or I. Get Ashley out of here, take her home or something,” he ordered, and the woman nodded, taken aback by his sudden aggressiveness.
"It's Pepper." Tony mumbled, biting his lip. He didn't really want to talk to her right now; he was having such a good time with Steve. He sighed, and ignored the call. Steve gave him a shocked look, but on the inside, his heart raced.
“Well, if everyone has had their fill, I think now would be a wonderful time to go into the living room and open gifts.” Jane suggested, eyeing Thor, who looked more pleased than ever. Everyone nodded in agreement, and moved themselves into the living room. “Who wants to go first?” Steve asked, kneeling down by the presents. “How about we do it by age? That’s how we always used to do it my house.” “That sounds fine to me. Looks like the big guy will be going last, you think you can wait that long?” Tony laughed, punching Thor playfully in the arm. “Let’s see if you
"I don't know how else to say it, so I guess I'll just come right out with it." Tony's voice was calm, too calm. Steve couldn't see his eyes, he couldn't see how his husband was truly feeling. "I want a divorce."
“Steve.” Tony’s voice is soft, slightly croaky with lack of use but Steve can’t help the rush of relief that courses through his blood at the fact Tony can talk, can finish a word.
“You will certainly get no sensible advice from her!” Antonia hissed, and Clint waved her off with a impudent grin.
He fought for so long, and the world he died protecting no longer exists, replaced by one where technology is precedence over human contact, and instead of asking for a dames hand to dance boys will call them sluts and other names Steve can’t bear to pronounce. He watches the world around him, so full of lust and blood and speed, and it terrifies him that he is no longer sure whether he’d die tomorrow for it.
“Just told him enough of my time served that he would know I wouldn’t hesitate to protect those that I care for.” Steven answered ambiguously, and whilst Antonia had always objectively known that he cared for her, the confirmation gave her a hidden and deep thrill.
The pair giggle quietly together, heads bent towards each other, and Antonia leans on him to regain her composure. “I was convinced he was in love with Pepper, how could I have been so stupid?”
i'm not sure about the ending, as i feel my writing has changed in the span of time this has been left abandoned so perhaps it doesn't fit as well? and it kind of became a character study? but i wanted to get one done for you lovely souls. i hope i did it justice. spot the gratuitous friends reference and i'll be your best friend.
He continues to sink into Tony’s heat until he bottoms out and they moan in tandem at the sensation, Steve breathing hard through his mouth to stop from coming immediately, “Jesus, honey.” is all he can say, drunk on finally and completely having Tony as
I cannot imagine them to be very frequent. Maybe some do attach themselves hastily, but there is time to recover surely. A lifetime, if one has the will. I mean, it is only weak characters who are determined to be unhappy forever.”
as I came – madness in such weather! Absolute madness!” he was sharp, brittle in his tone, the usual gentlemanly nature struck from him for the heat.
His life is not one he is inordinately proud of, and he atones for the sins of his past, of his father, with a near literal pound of flesh every other day. There is a lot of things he has done he is not proud of, a lot of things that wake him in terror with his mouth open on a scream. But he knows, fiercely and deeply, that he would not change an inch if it meant losing this, losing the route of the road that led him to Steve.
but desperate and self-destructive tendrils take root in his mind. They shriek at him to run, tell him he’s too fractured to deserve this, and he can’t hear get his head above water. Tony stops, closes his mouth, and his mouth turns into a grimace.
“My father is home and he - he won’t approve. He doesn’t think I have a mark.” And Tony knows, knows that this is a story he will have to share, one day, between whispers and affirmations and happiness, but it’s not a tale for now. Not when he’s so incandescently happy he vibrates with it, “I have to go.”
“Such a handsome letter I have never seen in all my life. He writes as though he really loved me so very much – but I don’t know. I don’t know what to do. My mind is abuzz with a vast variety of notions and I feel sick. Please instruct me, Antonia. You would never lead me astray.” Antonia felt sick herself at this news, but heady with the power it granted her. She scans the letter preferred to her, using the time to think of the best course of action. The style of the letter was far above her expectations, the composition would not disgrace a gentleman. The language, although plain in essence, was strong and and expressed warm attachment. Antonia has to sit in the closest seat available to her in the parlour for the shock of it, and Virginia throws herself into the closest chaise with excited abandon.
If Antonia truly thinks about herself, she thinks she probably only remembers little of Sarah Rogers simply because Steven had eclipsed her in every way.
It was a sad change. They have been meeting almost every day since his arrival. Certainly his being here had given a great spirit and whirlwind to the last two weeks. He had
to unman someone she cares about so, “I hate that these thoughts plague me. I have watched your clumsy flirtations, your unfeeling language, and I have excused you for simply being innocent.” He says this all so quietly Antonia worries the words might break as they hit the air.
There was very little to remember her parents by, the marriage of Lieut. Romanov to Miss Jane Bates accompanied only by the memory of him dying in action abroad – and of his widow sinking under grief soon afterward.
He’s so focused on not falling apart he doesn’t tune into Tony’s words until they grow in volume and number, an incoherent babble, “Steve, Steve, Steve, oh fuck - Steve - please -“ he says it like he doesn’t even know what he’s asking for.
Not that she would mention this to anyone other than herself. His reputation had been unspoiled so far, perhaps a little bit due to her heavy handed compliments to his betterment, but the only person the wiser was Jarvis – and he wouldn’t tell anyone.
He smiled, looking out to where Miss Romanov continued to trudge toward Highbury, “I do not think it safe for Miss Romanov to walk alone.”
Steve laughs, steps into the bathroom, shocked again by what he finds. It’s unbelievably indulgent, gold trimmed ceramic and smooth metal, steps up to a bath big enough for ten in the middle of the room. His filthy mind slips quick to the fantasy of his cock being surrounded by the warm heat of Tony, his skin being surrounded by the warm heat of a bath and Jacuzzi jets.
Tony’s throat is dry, his heart thundering, his cock so full it aches. “What am I going to do with you?” He questions, half to himself, half part of this charade. He’s surprised how deep and dark his voice comes out.
Thus, you always know when she does decide to speak, that she’s probably been calculating her sentence for the past ten minutes. As such, when Steve makes a break for the bar to order more drinks (just Pepsi’s for him and Tony though) she simply says “I’ll come help” with no room for argument. So Steve resigns himself to a grilling as they step to the bar, order, and wait.
He takes a long breath, Steve’s hand a comforting weight on the small of his back, continues, “You think I can’t exist without your money? I can’t create without your company? Watch as I rise higher than you and burn it to the ground.”
Captain Rogers did not need compassion. She would choke the thoughts down, bury and smother them until a time she could privately reflect on how truly callously she had acted.
Steven huffed a laugh, and his gaze upon her was deeply fond, “Nonsensical girl.” Is all he could mutter in response, no heat behind it, and Antonia had to resist the urge to stick out her tongue.
“Good thing I’m not that pure to begin with.” Steve huffs, sweat pooling in the crook of his brow, dripping slowly onto Tony’s torso as Steve looms above him.
“Why Steven, you surprise me. Antonia will do Virginia good: and by keeping Antonia interested, Virginia does Antonia good in reverse. I am gladdened to see Antonia have a friend her age, who can keep her on her toes. But I can see this is about to be one more of our quarrels about Antonia, Mr. Rogers.”
“I never in my life saw a man more intent on being agreeable than Mr. Hammer. With men he can be rational and unaffected, but when he has ladies to please, every feature works.”
When Sam slinks back a couple of minutes later, ready to be chewed out, he is incredulous at the story Steve grants him.
“Testy.” Tony retorts, but comes to sit down beside Steve on the lounge chair. It’s meant for one person, really, and not two especially when one is a super soldier, but they make do. Neither one wants to complain, and if their arms brush and legs accidentally intertwine more than once, it’s not their fault. Steve has to calm the racing of his heart, fearing it is so loud the whole group can hear it, and misses the look that Clint and Natasha give each other whilst watching the pair.
And there can be no answer to that for Antonia, other than to throw herself at his knees and beg for forgiveness. The silence hangs a moment, before Steven turns back to her mother, taking her right hand in his and kissing the top of it.
Steve snorts into Tony’s hair, and Tony chuckles slightly against Steve’s collarbone before continuing. As he speaks he feels Steve slip back into sleep, and let’s a bone-deep contentment settle in his skin.
She was still full of steam and heat towards Mrs. Hammer when she met Steven next, for their weekly walk through the grounds of Hartfield. Usually, he had to slow his steps to match hers, but today her anger was her fuel, and he had to stride out to meet her.
“Whilst my memory is jogged,” said Clint Barton to Mrs. Marvel presently, “what became of Mr. Odinson’s plan of setting up a carriage?”
Thor seems to struggle for words, “Your world is as alien to me as mine is to you, Steve. A hundred years is but a blink in our own timeline, and yet you humans are so powerful for the fragment of space you exist. Tony, he was not born of a god, of a king, and yet he wields his technology as confidently and powerfully as I hold faith in Mjolnir. I come from a world where what you call magic comes as natural as breathing but Tony commands the skies in his metal suit as easy as I do. Whilst I might not always be the most comfortable with the technology I come across in this world, I am impressed by it and I do not doubt they will bring Tony back.”
better right now. He had aches that caused him to think of absolutely delicious memories every time they twinged, and the smile Steve granted him with every time he saw him, the one that look like he was lit up from the inside, was entirely his own.
They see each other on the weekends, Rhodey and Pepper adore Steve, Tony has a mountain of respect from Steve’s friends for managing to hold Thor’s homemade liquor. For a while it is perfect, this fucking golden time that Tony loves and hates in equal measure, because he knows that it is going to hurt like a motherfucker when he has to say goodbye.
The phone call never comes. Instead Tony finds himself spending a lazy Friday evening tangled in wiring with coding flashing behind his eyelids when it happens. When he feels something wrap round his bond like a vice and squeeze.
It would be funny how quick the team has slipped into domesticity if it wasn’t so tragic. After the battle of New York, they parted for a long while and Steve wasn’t sure if the Avengers Initiative would in fact simply fade into a failed experiment, one that just couldn’t stick when so many unknown entities were involved. But what they do, saving the world, is quite a niche pastime, and there is only so long you can
The final straw for everyone, he supposes, is when they are dealing with Doctor Doom’s tantrum in lower Manhattan. The Fantastic Four are on holiday, taking some well-deserved rest in Tahiti, and so naturally the Avengers are called in to deal with the madman’s latest invention. Steve seriously doesn’t mean to do it, but when he sees Doom waving around an extension of his arm that
“Well I’ll catch you guys later I guess.” Steve speaks awkwardly, assuming that now Natasha is here to care for Clint, he’s no longer needed.
“Oh marvelous taste to be sure.” Miss Hill confirms it, seemingly oblivious to the sound of Pepper’s heart shattering quietly in the corner, “My mother liked the rump most of all. Her name is Augusta Hawkins and she is worth
Steve looks, really looks now, curiously and sadly, at the gorgeous figure before him. There will be time later, he vows, to ask who broke Tony apart and left him shattered.
She was resolved to not dwell on the matter, and if she wondered why it was so easy to her to push these thoughts to the wayside, to lock whatever love she apparently felt for Clint Barton, she did not utter more on the matter. She knew the danger, intimately, of indulging such speculation, and allowed it no more thought.
Steve sighed but he knew Tony well enough to know that Tony would hide away as long as he could unless confronted. Steve was going to find a way to get through to Tony, if his suspicions were correct, which now he was positive were indeed correct, Tony was going to need someone to care for him.
The Avengers moving into the tower had been a big change, although it made Tony feel slightly less lonely, it had also put Tony on edge. He had to be more careful when he relaxed, hold his head together so he wouldn’t slip. It had been too long since Tony had last been able to have some down time, the fear constantly eating at him. Nobody could know, hell he shouldn’t have ever given into it to begin with but now he wanted nothing more than to go home, and curl into his favorite blanket, let his mind wander.
“JARVIS please open the doors and take me to Tony” Steve asked politely. If he was being honest, he had his suspicions about Tony but never mentioned anything without having concrete evidence. That man couldn’t look after himself if his life depended on it, and it did.
“Just let go baby, I’ll take care of you” Steve whispered as Tony’s eyes fluttered shut and his breathing evened.
It really shouldn’t have been a big deal, afterall classifications were a natural part of everyday life. Science had proved that it was a part of our biological needs and for that everyone was required, by law, to go in and have an official classification at the age of 18. Classifications ranged from caregivers to littles to baselines with tendencies of either.
The board meeting had finally ended and Tony practically ran out the door, heading straight for the elevators. He was going to grab a quick cup of coffee from the kitchen on the communal floor before retiring to his lab. Thankfully none of the team was on the floor when the doors opened, meaning Tony could slip in and out undetected. Once Tony had gotten his coffee, a soft smile spread on his face as he took in the scent, the doors to the elevators had closed and just as Tony was about to hit the floor to the lab when JARVIS spoke out.
It had been at least another 48 hours before he was stumbling out of his workshop in search of some food and more coffee before he would continue his work. The exhaustion was starting to blur the line between headspaces and Tony needed caffeine to pull him back. Without thinking too much about it, Tony set out for the communal floor.
Tony goes to Steve first. A soft hand on his cheek, he tugs his chin up and makes him look into his eyes. "You really
When they finally dozed off and Steve felt himself fall into a restorative slumber. Tony stirred next to him and placed a hand on his chest. "Steve...." He whispered, sounding a little worried. "Has it happened before?"
Tony averts his eyes, unable to bear with the intensity of his desire. "Steve doesn't." He says with a pouty mouth. Bucky always loved this about him. Also, he had known the alpha would want to treat both of them equally.
and every particle of Tony's being agonized at the sight of him. Steve's hand was shaky and hesitant when he slapped him again, even though Tony felt the blow resonate in his entire body and the burn spread, igniting the very present pain he was already feeling.
"Tony..." Steve whispered softly against his boyfriend's lips, finally finding the right moment to ask. "Was it true what you said?
Some dark-haired guy grabbed his jaw and pushed his head violently against the wall. Tony huffed out and cringed in pain. "You know this guy?" The man asked, he looked really angry. Tony felt almost sorry for him.
Tony spent about another half-an-hour on the symbolism of flowers and was even more lost than he was before so he decided to trust Pepper in the end, because one amaryllises were beautiful indeed, he believed, and two he
Dinner ended after that and the conversations easily went back to Natasha's exciting news as people moved over towards the living room.
is only pleasure and voluptuousness. The alpha's knot is deep inside him, softening slowly. It is blissful torture.
Pepper was right, as always. Tony hung up and felt something fluttering in his stomach. His lips unintentionally quirked up, he willed them down and got back to work. He needed to finish this early so he would have the time to go home and get changed and be on time. He owed this to Steve.
Steve complied and turned against the wall, leaning on his forearms, head pressed against the wet tiles. His cock had softened a little but he arched his back to give Tony full access to his ass. Tony came closer and grabbed his shoulders to kiss him on the nape of his neck, and then on his shoulder blade. He pressed against him and Steve could feel his hard-on poking at the small of his back. He arched more. Tony's right hand slid down his arm slowly and he grabbed Steve's hand, intertwining their fingers together. His left hand was delicately holding his nape and gently brushing his skin.
Tony pulled away and stared at Steve with half-lidded eyes, a lewd glint burning in them. His lips were red and shiny. He looked debauched and something warm pooled in Steve's chest at the sight of him. "Shall we go?" Tony suggested with a raspy voice, his smile was dancing on his lips.
Tony parted his lips and shivered with want. He happily complied and jerked himself off above Steve's mouth while he was stroking he spent cock slowly, still feeling high with pleasure. Tony came beautifully, his magnificent body trickling with beads of sweat, spasming and jerking as cried out a long groan and spurted white squirts of thick hot cum onto his face. Steve swallowed everything before Tony could have the chance to lick it off his face and smiled at his boyfriend happily while he was catching his breath.
Steve rolled his eyes, still feeling a bit hot and bothered by the kiss. "As if..." He mumbled. And Tony chuckled again, teasingly. "Whatever..." Steve grumbled. "Let's finish this and get some lunch. I'm starving." He said resignedly.
Steve felt a sudden, unexpected twinge in his heart and opened wide eyes at the memory. He propped himself up on his elbows and stared down at his boyfriend bemusedly. "I didn't
Steve opened his mouth in shock. Tony rushed toward the elevator. His hand was bleeding. "I'm gonna go to the workshop." He just said in a hoarse voice. Steve felt his rage blow up.
"Gonna tie me up, lil' Rogers?" He asked provocatively. Steve contemplated it for a short moment but he wasn't really sure Tony was up for the challenge. Sometimes restraints scared him more than they turned him on.
The tension in his body eases. It must be Steve's manipulative scent again. "What do you want to talk about?" He remains in his position however, not ready yet, to face the blue of his eyes.
—that didn't mean it should be disregarded as if it was a fucking phase or something, because Steve was pretty sure it was not. Although he kept doubting, especially because those women had attributes that he definitely didn't have. And Tony was... Tony was fucking amazing, and young and brilliant and had countless hungry suitors ready to snatch him away from him at the first careless mistake he would make.
Having heats when you already have a pup with your alpha is different. It is more grounded, less urgent, but all the same passionate and electrifying. It burns slowly and inflames you with softness.
Tony smiled again, looking smug. He stared intently in Steve's eyes, never letting go, challenging. "Move in with me, then."
Tony doesn't need to look at his hand to become instantly self-conscious and start blushing. He's holding his hand in the air, fingers slightly parted as if to hold a phantom cigarette between his index and big fingers. The gesture is so natural to him, he hasn't even realized. It's not so surprising when you think about it, Tony has been doing this for years, drinking coffee while reading his tablet, checking his e-mails or the last blueprints for the next SI product launch, and smoking his first cigarette of the day at this very same table. The habit is ingrained in himself. He's trying his best to change that but some things take time. He should know, he's been on therapy for seven years now and he's still struggling.
He hummed and groaned softly, pinching his lips, eyes closed. The warm hand released his cock and wandered up his chest to land on his face, cupping his jaw and turning his face on the side. He could feel the guy's breath on his lips and opened his eyes. They were really close, he could breathe his breath.
After that first move they both felt awkward around each other for a few days but then Steve actively tried to change that. It all started with a doodle.
He stopped talking. He stopped laughing. He stopped smiling. His hands both dropped down along his sides. He was standing there like a beautiful statue, cold and devoid of life, and just stared. He stared at the full-size naked body in front of him, showcased in the perfect lighting. He stared at the stained wing, the broken wing, and the pure white one. He stared at the blood, at the darkness and the pain that transpired from the painting. He stared at the desolation and despair you could barely perceive in the corner of his eye. He stared at the sorrow around him, the melancholy in his expression, the dark future his surroundings suggested, the depth of human misery. The painting hadn't left anyone indifferent but for everyone else it was just a fallen angel who happened to look like his boyfriend. For Steve though, and maybe for Tony too, it was much more than that, much more. For Steve it represented so much. Everything that had happened. All the pain, all the horror.
Tony laughed, proud of his little stunt. "No, you don't." He shrugged, knowing perfectly how irresistibly cute he was and how Steve had never been able to resist his charms anyway.
Tonight they are about to have their fifth time together but this time it will be different, in a way that ignites every cell in Steve's body. He feels a shiver running up and down his spine and a tremor in all his limbs. Tony is solid and grounded and confident in front of him, his warmth and soothing scent enveloping Steve into a reassuring embrace. Steve's knees buckle and he grabs his boyfriend's neck to steady himself. He lets his head fall onto Tony's chest. He's both extremely excited and horribly terrified at the same time but he trusts his boyfriend. Just as much as Tony trusted him then. Tony leads the way up and takes Steve's hand. In Steve's bedroom, once they're both perfectly clean, they undress each other, slowly.
Tony had been such a gentleman, just like he liked to do sometimes. He had deposed Steve's coat on his shoulders, pressing gentle but strong hands on arms, had paid without Steve noticing, had kissed him, so softly, once they were out of sight. Steve had curled up his hand around his neck then, cold fingers pressing against the warm and shivering skin of his boyfriend. Tony had gasped and grabbed his hand, not to remove it but to warm it up, and he had smiled against Steve's lips.
"Are Iron Man's longtime addictions with alcohol referring to your boyfriend's past and/or current ones?
Steve feels a little sorry for him for a moment, although he really doesn't think those are good reasons for having another pup. He listens to their heartbeat for a while, there're not synchronized for once. Weird.
Tony's heart missed a beat. Right... Maybe a little. He really hated that Pepper knew him so well. "They're gonna hate me." He admitted, sounding a little childish, even to his own ears. "I need at least one person on my side."
"How am I supposed to know that?" Steve asked, not without feeling a little guilty. "We never see each other." And it sounded a little more reproachful than he had intended to.
Tony tugs on Steve's arm to bring him in front of him and wraps his arms around his small built. He hides his face into his neck. "I'm sorry..." He grumbles shamefully.
He turned his head and saw Tony Stark who seemed to be half-heartedly listening to his science bro talking. His gaze wandered and met Steve's. Their eyes locked into each other for a few seconds, as if drawn to each other like magnets. Steve's cheeks flushed. Tony gave him a coy smile and averted his eyes embarrassedly, unable to hold Steve's stare.
"You mean that one time when I pathetically wiggled my dick in your ass for barely two minutes before spurting inside of you and spectacularly failed making you come?" Steve replied instantly. "Survival instinct," he answered, "my poor brain erased that regrettable event from my memory forever, my ego couldn't take it. I'd rather remember that second time when you came twice on my cock and still asked for more."
Steve ignored him again. "Do what you want!" He muttered in a cold indifference. He didn't mean to look at his boyfriend but he just mechanically raised his eyes at some point, only to see the silent disappointment on his face. He didn't dwell on it.
"Senator Stern and I were discussing environmental issues, honey, he said he would push for further regulations. Isn't that great news?" He said excitedly while glancing gratefully at Steve. Tony's smile was about as hypocritical as Stern's when he spoke to him. He looked at the good senator again. "The environment question is something we both deem really important, isn't that right, honey?"
"I want to adopt." Clint finally explains. "It's important to me. I told myself I would, even before I met Buck, you know? After everything I went through... There're so many kids that need a home. And I don't care if they're not infants. I feel like I've got so much love to give, you know?"
He kicked the covers off and spread like a starfish. The need was still there. An insatiable and unbearable hunger. He was rock hard. His mind still filled with Tony and his deliciously enchanting scent and the taste of his lips, and the touch of his fingers, and his inescapable stare. Another rush of heat. His head spinning and his body spasmodic. It was painful and he didn't know what to do, until he rolled on his stomach and started humping the mattress. And then he knew what to do.
Had he been expelled? Did he have family problems? Had he been bullied at his former school? People always started making assumptions and not knowing only made it worse. This Stark guy didn't make exception Steve reckoned and, as soon as the Principal had left the room, whispering started, pernicious and vile, spreading like a highly contagious disease among the students.
He only felt relieved when he was able to run away outside during his lunch break. The sun was blazing and so comfortingly warm on his fragile skin. For a moment he forgot about Tony Stark and how helpless he had been in there. He just closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Life was beautiful after all and he would present, in time. No need to fuss about it now.
Tony raises his eyes from behind the menu. "I know." He says gravely, the light mood between them gone in an instant. Believe him, he knows. And suddenly the crestfallen face of Steve comes back from the back of his mind until it's the only thing Tony can see. Everything he had forgotten just a minute ago comes back, crushing him under the weight of his own guilt.
Tony sucked in a shuddering breath and squeezed Steve's hand, pulling him closer against him. "You know I probably shouldn't tell you this because... This is creepy and you're probably gonna freak out, but... I really really loved your old place, from the very first moment I stepped in it."
The sharp, biting tone felt like a blow. Tony jerked his head up again and looked into his eyes. "What are you talking about?"
was an interesting concept, he thought. He reflected upon the etymology of the word for a moment. The implications of the meaning wasn't something he really needed to get into right now.
"This is not about Bucky." Steve exclaims, a tinge of anger in his composed voice. "It's about us. I want
Tony dropped his head in the pillows and burst out laughing. "Yeah," he said softly, voice a little lewd. "I do remember. We did it bareback. It was awesome..." He smiled, lost in his thoughts and hummed softly. "I'm still wondering though," he added, "why you keep forgetting our firsts. That
Tony wished she stopped saying things that made him want to slit his own throat. He didn't need any help, he just needed to get out of here.
"Here. Have some. Much more efficient. Much more discreet." Tony looked down at Obie's hand. He was handing him a little silver platter with four lines of coke. "You're old enough now," he said with a sly smile.
He felt a shiver run down his spine and a flow of slick wet his pants. Bucky smelt it and his scent spiked.
Tony didn't come. They were too nice probably, not zealous enough, too drunk maybe. His little escapade to the men's room was fairly disappointing in the end. Although he did have the opportunity to taste the flavor of six different men's cum. The thought didn't rejoice him though, quite the contrary in fact. He felt an unsettling uneasiness growing inside. He wanted to throw up. The taste in his mouth was foul. He needed another drink.
"I was a confused brat then," Tony continued, "and maybe I had no idea what was happening between us. Maybe I didn't how to handle what we had... But I'm almost twenty-eight now...and I
He presses against and he can feel his own cock jolt and harden against the omega's thighs. Steve is hard too but it doesn't matter. Nothing matters but them and what they are to each other and Tony can't suppress the tear that falls down his cheeks and he can't fight the pain that resonates in his heart and he accepts it. He revels in it. Maybe all that's happened until now what ultimately leading them to this. To this moment. Maybe this was their destiny. To be there, now, dancing together in the swirls of cigar smoke and carried away by the voluptuous jazz music.
"Don't even laugh about it!" Tony whined as he kicked off his shoes and collapsed on the huge bed while letting out another long exhausted sigh. "I'm slowly but surely slipping into the dark side. A few months and I'll have reached my expiration date."
raped. He wasn't assaulted. Nothing happened that he didn't agree to, at least once, beforehand, he thought... probably. Not that he remembered much... So yeah, Tony had possibly managed to get himself sexually assaulted once or twice in his life, shit happens, and it wasn't like he hadn't deserved it anyway, but not tonight. He was sure—almost sure—possibly—sure—of it.
"There's hardly anything I haven't done before." He chokes out and his voice comes out hoarse and broken.
Tony chuckled, something wanton flashed through his eyes. He knew exactly the effect he had on Steve right now and that was... not that much embarrassing, considering. Steve ignored it and looked down at his computer. "What e-mail? Are you working on Sundays now?"
Tony burst out laughing and discarded the book he was reading into one of the boxes. Steve went back to his side of the room and finished his part efficiently. When he was done, Tony wasn't even half way through with emptying the bookshelves. He was reading again. Steve felt his limbs shake as he started losing his temper.
The guests all nodded appreciatively and thanked their host warmly before going back to their conversations and soon it was time to sit down for dinner. Tony and Steve were not sitting next to each other at the table. Tony was sitting next to Clint and Jane was on his left. Betty was next and then Bruce and then Thor. Steve was sitting next to Bucky and on the other side was Sam's empty seat. Natasha was on the other side of it. It hadn't really been decided but Steve still regretted being so far from his boyfriend at dinner. Although Tony gave him a sweet knowing glance now and then and smiled softly at him in between laughing outbursts with Clint. Steve consoled himself knowing Sam was about to get here and he was thrilled about catching up with him. Among all the people here, Steve was definitely the closest to Sam.
Again, mild divergence of opinion. Had Tony ever believed once that he could have chosen his parents, they would have been at the very bottom of his list but that didn't really matter. What was quite unexpected however, coming from Howard, was how, with his scientific and rational mind, he had come down with bullshit like this... Or was that part of him already long gone and only remained a conceited, egotistic man, completely disconnected from the reality of this world?
Steve wasn't really sure if the tone was happy or reproachful. Maybe it was a bit of both. He felt himself blush. "I... yeah, I guess. Sam was nice enough to accompany me."
He hears Steve make a startled noise and pause and guesses he's probably looking at him right now. He can feel the warmth of his gaze on his shoulders and tenses.
"Don't be sorry, baby. Never be sorry." His hand cups his face tenderly and Tony brushes his thumb along his jawline, making Steve shiver and gasp with want. His thumb rolls over his lips, Steve parts his lips and sucks it in, eyes fluttering shut. He leans into the alpha's touch and starts purring, slick flushing down his legs. "Get up, omega," the alpha commands. Steve complies, he straightens up but remains sitting, ass on his heels, so he isn't taller than the alpha. Tony is standing on his knees, dipping them into the mattress, he moves closer and leans into him, almost falling over him. Steve's impressive built doesn't budge against the smaller stature of the alpha.
it, although it was hard to accept. Pepper's words were coming back to him. They were making so much more sense now. Maybe. He stared tentatively in Tony's eyes, they were slightly hazy and melancholic. They were looking higher and further Steve would ever be able to.
Tony and her have learnt how to be alpha together. He didn't have much clue about it either. It all took them by surprise, this pack thing. A nice and comforting surprise, though. The kind that you never expected, that surrounds you protectively like a warm and gentle embrace.
Tony giggled next to him, tone teasing. "Of course, I was." He admitted. "Wasn't that obvious? I mean, you couldn't have been that clueless, could you?"
"You think I don't but I do remember, Tony. Everything. You said you loved me but—" He stopped, repressing an unexpected sob. It was hurtful to remember but it was worse to talk about it. He stared down at his feet, hands clutching the lapels of his boyfriend's coat, to avoid the look in Tony's eyes. "You had a
But there was something more about this guy. An attraction maybe. Or a smell? Maybe it was just the name, it appealed to him. Something. Anything. Steve was fascinated and his eyes followed the young boy as he walked confidently across the classroom, a smirk on his lips and a powerful stance that even reduced Johan Schmidt and his goons to silence, somehow impressed and probably as fascinated as the rest of them.
Tony went to the bathroom to wash his hands and came back with a bright smile. "You like it, though..." He said hoarsely while picking an apple from their lunch box while Steve was mixing the salad.
Steve feels guilty. Even though he feels somehow spiteful, he didn't mean to hurt the omega and he knows it was unfair to say that and uncalled for but he can't take it back now.
Steve shrugged again, purposely avoid his friend's stare. "Both." He said curtly. "I'm hanging out with Tony."
"Despite all the controversies surrounding the Avengers series, you never stopped supporting each other. Your couple has been facing criticism since SHIELD last press conference but it seems to have brought you two even closer. You have been through so much together, it must have hard on your relationship?"
that. He probably thought Steve had already left, in hindsight, and the anger turned into anguish, a deep and poisonous anxiety, roiling inside of him. He was realizing this wasn't a small and insignificant squabble. Tony had just—unsubtly—tried to let him know he wanted to live together and Steve had just rejected his offer in the worst possible way, as usual, and trampled on his feelings and, incidentally, rejected
Tony didn't say anything else but he smiled and started nuzzling softly into his neck, leaving a hot trail of wet kisses on his skin. Steve shivered and felt his entire body tingle with desire. He inched away from his boyfriend, feeling suddenly overwhelmed by the intense heat between them. Tony's hands slid down his back and settled on his waist. He raised his head and looked up, eyes hazy. His wet lips searched Steve's, demanding a kiss. Steve complied and wiped absent tears from his boyfriend's eyes. "Stark men are not supposed to cry." He said with a teasing grin.
The alpha swallows and Bucky feels another flush of slick running out of him. He whimpers. He can't control himself anymore. It feels like a phantom heat.
After a week, however—and a lot of insisting on Bucky's part—Steve moved back into his and Bucky's nest. It made sense. Omegas need the proximity, they need the protective warmth and kindness of their nest, especially when one of them has pups. Steve understands now how lonely and desperate Bucky must have felt when he was left on his own to take care of Felicia. Omegas are supposed to help and support each other in those moments, they need that safety around them, the love and affection, especially when giving birth. Steve should have been there for them. And now he was.
Sam patted his shoulder gently. "It's alright Stevie, we all love you the way you are. Even if you're oblivious. Especially that guy over there." He nodded in Tony's direction. Tony wasn't looking, whispering in Clint's ears. He was smiling though. "So give him some slack, all right?"
Steve was livid. He huddled behind his boyfriend, grabbing his arm for support. Tony kept flashing his best smile as a protective shield.
And then she met Clint. And then she worked for SHIELD. And then she learnt compassion. Slowly, she has gotten used not to point a knife to every omega or alpha she met. Slowly she has remembered. She started feeling. Slowly she understood what was taken from her. A whole new world. A whole new perspective on life. A whole new prospect. Learning to be alpha again wasn't an easy path to take. Learning to be around omegas was even more of an ordeal, but she did it.
Steve was a bit lost for words. He stared back into his boyfriend's eyes wondering what part of this was the truth and what part was total bullshit. His heart was wavering.
Tony doesn't let that many people touch him anymore anyway, mostly his friends. He has surprisingly managed to set up some boundaries. Not that his body isn't responsive anymore but rather that, after years of therapy, he thinks he's finally able to make out the situations when it's fine and those when it's not. And when he's not sure, he just needs to think about Steve and if he can picture his disapproving frown in his head, it means it must be fairly inappropriate and so he can say
"I don't know what to do." He sighed, clutching Tony's shirt a little desperately, head resting on his shoulder.
do it." His boyfriend replied, equally hoarsely. The useless provocation was gone from his voice now. Steve thought he was talking too much so he thrust hard and Tony let out a choked out moan, shuddering all over.
His voice was warm and soothing, a little mellow. His smile was tender and his eyes were intense and playful. Steve had lost his words.
Obie was there, grinning at him with all his threatening teeth out. His eyes had lost the supportive gentleness he had shown Tony all day long. They were wanton, glimmering with perverse lust, piercing through him like two long nails pinning him against the wall. Tony froze and stared at him warily. His lips parted as an unwanted, sordid desire pooled at the bottom of his stomach at the way the man's stare was undressing him.
"I could help you with your maths?" Tony added with a chipper tone, an innocent smile spreading on his cheeks.
Steve comes back down again and looks at him, maybe to say something, but he kisses him again instead. And they kiss and kiss and kiss again until they're both breathless. Tony had been horny for quite a while anyway.
He chuckled. "It's not like you rutting on me with your mum asleep next door was how I imagined my ideal first time with you."
The ride felt long, even though it was the fastest elevator in the world, and dizzying. Sometimes Tony's silences unsettled him. He wasn't that used to them yet. And he knew what this meant to his boyfriend. He would not pretend he didn't know how important this was for him. Denying that would be denying who Tony was. It didn't matter that Steve had promised himself once he would never set a foot in this tower or that he loathed everything it represented. It would be slightly hypocritical now. The tower was Tony. It was part of him, of who he was, and Steve couldn't ignore this fact any longer. It was time for him to compromise, if he wanted this thing to last. Tony had once again given the starting push and now it was up to him—to both of them but mostly him if he were being honest—to make it work.
Life is easy and beautiful. They have a great time puzzling the people around them. They like to gossip but no-one really knows for sure and what happen in their intimacy is their business. And if they've made out a little too much at school, well, people couldn't discern if the slight omega sweetness or the soft spike of alpha musk is coming from Steve or from Tony.
Tony's eyes flared open and something forlorn flashed through them. Something that made Steve's heart sank in his chest. Tony remained silent for a moment, lost, confused, speechless. "When I'm with you I am." He finally said in a choked out whisper and then he curled his arms around Steve protectively, surrounding him with his warmth. "You make me happy. Everyday when I wake up next to you, I am."
Although Steve was slightly annoyed, considering their history. He grabbed Tony by the arm and dragged him inside to meet the rest of their friends. They were the last ones as usual. Getting ready had taken too long. Each time they were invited—the both of them—somewhere, an opportunity to enjoy each other as well, as they so rarely found the time to lately.
Tony was lapping at the dildo, it wasn't even sexual. It was more out of boredom than anything else. He had a deadpan expression on his face and there was a melancholic glint in his eyes. Steve pinched his lips and swallowed the lump in his throat. He braced himself and got back to his task. He was almost done.
Tony didn't make any further comment. He just shrugged. "You remember what I said about the decoration then?"
It was... not exactly a shrine in his honor but almost, Steve blushed to admit. Tony's bedroom was spacious with a large king's size bed and fancy beddings. There were books all scattered on the floor and on the bedside tables. The lights were adjustable for the best comfort. There were huge plushy armchairs in front of the view. For most of Tony's apartment was surrounded with glass walls through which you could, according to the way you configured the tint, see the entire city underneath.
"I beg your pardon?" Tony glanced up at his father startled expression but it soon turned into a nasty grin. He laughed and it sounded evil. "I think there might have been a misunderstanding, son. Were you really under the impression that I was giving you the choice?"
"Well, I guess the world hasn't changed that much after all. Omegas still aren't allowed to come by themselves. This is bullshit." Steve could hear the slight anger flaring in his voice. It was unexpected, but touching.
Tony gasps and loses balance. He giggles in surprise and gasps again. "Don't bite me!" He chokes out in between giggles, tone desperately worried. "Please don't bite me." His arms curl around Steve however, keeping him close into his embrace, and gasps again when he nuzzles in the crook of his neck. Steve grabs his boyfriend's hips and clenches. He represses the urge to grind against him and starts mouthing gently his way along the line of Tony's square jaw and Tony moves his head away, smile hesitant. His eyes are hazy and his confidence starts fading as his desire fires up. Steve can smell it.
Steve snapped his mouth shut and listened, his hands still rubbing gently on both sides of his face.
Fury told me I should ask you for the classes I missed. Said you were the most serious of his students."
"It's true." Steve insists, with a glimpse of forlorn hopelessness in his melancholic blue eyes. "I have been," he adds, looking away, lost in his thoughts, "for a long time."
The elevator finally stopped and Tony's grin spread, hidden behind Steve's thin wrist. He pulled his arm toward the entrance with proud excitement. Steve stumbled on his feet and found himself into the lobby. It was bright, with all the lights turned on, but not blinding. It looked like a gallery but was warm and welcoming, fully decorated with art. Some of the pieces Steve had already seen in the 5th Avenue gilded house of his parents, some were new and all were ingeniously put together in a subtle combination of antique and modern. Although Steve suspected Pepper might have had a hand in this, he was glad Tony had kept some of the things that used to belong to his parents.
"Definitely head over heels for you." Clint added. Steve blushed and stared at his boyfriend guiltily, Tony didn't react though, he kept smiling.
Steve felt an unnecessary blush creeping on his face. He hurried up and left the classroom in a rush, feeling his fast heartbeat throbbing in his temple.
After a short while and still no news from Tony, Steve decided to look for him, see if he had calmed down. Besides, his stomach started rumbling and they were supposed to have dinner. A nice and fancy dinner from what he had seen earlier. Very romantic. And fuck this wasn't supposed to end up like this.
Maybe that's the sly, seductive and mischievous part of him that he hates. It reminds him of... It reminds him a little of... He internally pouts.
Steve stared at him confusedly, clueless. His voice was slightly shivering. "Are you out of your mind? Why would I want to press charges against you? For what?"
Tony had just given Steve a valid and respectable excuse to leer conspicuously at his body for hours. He didn't do it purposely but his presence radiated seductiveness and Steve was mesmerized. He stared at the cute heart Tony's lips formed on his focused face. He stared at the manic movement of his pencil. He stared at the wrinkles between his eyebrows that made him look older than he was. He stared at the movement of his Adam's apple as he swallowed. He stared at the line of his neck and imagined what was under his shirt. He stared at the beads of sweat that were forming here and there and yearned to lick them off  his olive skin. And he drew the contour of his body and the shape of his mouth with imaginary fingers.
Tony paused at the entrance, feeling nostalgic, then came in to draw all the curtains open and looked at the view outside, pensive. "So what now?" He asked softly, hands resting on the small of his back.
Tony. How could you ever relate? You have no fucking idea what it's like to struggle to survive. How can you? You've always had everything you needed."
Steve shrugged and got back to his task. "Well, it doesn't surprise me that much actually... I kinda get what you mean."
"I know..." Tony choked out in a broken voice. "I knew then. Don't think I wouldn't have done everything to come between the two of you, if I really meant to..."
Tony couldn't handle Steve crying. Every time he heard a sob or a sniffle he wanted to scream in agony, to tear off his hair and gouge his eyes out, cut his wrists and the inside of his thighs, just like he did when he was a kid. Why did Steve have so little hair and no razorblades in his bathroom? Steve should really have razorblades in his bathroom, so the next time he broke down in front of Tony,
Tony looked at him and his face seemed to relax a little. Something like gratitude pooled in his eyes.
Steve unwillingly forced himself out of sleep and rubbed his eyes to stare at his boyfriend questioningly. "What are you talking about?"
Steve huddled on himself as if their personalities were so big they needed more space and ignored the jealous pang of his heart while clenching his feet and gritting his teeth discreetly. Tony gave him a last regretful glance and followed Natasha on the dance floor where everyone was having fun without him. He stared at the two of them for a moment, jealousy roiling at the bottom of his stomach, and then he watched Tony dance with Potts, so gracefully it hurt.
"It won't be the same... And Steve won't be here to explain. Come on! It's gonna be fun. With a lot of alcohol."
"Tony?" Steve croaked out, voice raspy with sleep. Tony turned to him, eyes glowing in the dark. "You're not coming to bed?"
bisexual and, at twenty-nine, was still considered most eligible bachelor in the US, despite them being officially together for more than three years. So yeah they weren't married and rather discreet over their relationship but—
Steve looks at the bag, puzzled but curious, and up at his boyfriend again who looks proud and embarrassed at the same time. He takes the bag carefully into his hands and stares into Tony's eyes, intentionally questioning. "What is it?"
"We learn in the issue #7 that Iron Man's father was beating him, was that pure invention or was Howard Stark a violent man?"
Steve startled and snapped out of it. "Sam's coming?" He asked surprisingly. Sam had met some of Steve's college friends several times but it wasn't like they saw each other on a regular basis, even less invite each other over for reunion dinners. He felt a sudden surge of joy however, about seeing Sam. He realized they hadn't seen each other for
manufacturing Steve Rogers-shaped smart dildos. The prototypes have been tested and approved by the CEO himself. We have created this new skin-feeling material and they will warm up after you switch them on. The touch is so soft, you're gonna go crazy over them. Take my word for it, this is gonna wreck homes... Oh, sorry, I forgot to mention. They're for my private use only. Sorry ladies. You don't know what you're missing, though." He keeps on while waggling his eyebrows suggestively. "He's
Tony closes his eyes and reclines his head as he enjoys it, cupping the omega's face so gently in his hand. He lets out an indecent moan. "Steve..." He groans and then he straightens up his head, staring right down into his eyes. Steve looks up at him and their eyes lock beautifully into each other's. It's glorious. Bucky wishes he could save this picture in his memory for the rest of his life. He can feel his bonding gland pulsate and burn in need at the purity of this moment.
Tony was ecstatic when Steve pushed the door leading to the open space where Steve worked with his assistants. Fortunately they were alone right now, everyone else being on a break.
"Yes." Steve answered, slipping his thumb into his hand. He was trying to calm himself down and Tony's soothing presence helped despite the sweetness of his aroused scent which pervaded the room.
Tony didn't answer but the warmth and gentleness in his voice made his heart leap. Two strong hands cupped his face delicately and turned his head back, forcing Tony to look at him even if he didn't want to.
Sometimes Tony made a break and tilted his head on the side, leaning on his hand. He would leave his pencil laying on the table, then, and gaze at Steve, a soft smile on his lips. Sometimes he just stared at him, making Steve feel suddenly very hot under his collar. Sometimes he engaged in light conversation, asking innocent questions like "so, are you and Barnes together for real? Or is it part of the rumors too?"
The sound of the toaster popping broke the awkward feeling, and Bruce went to spread the news to the others. Steve simply stared at the coffee maker, watching the hot black liquid drip into the pot below. "So, why don't you wanna go Tony? I thought you were into all that science stuff?" Steve asked, his blue eyes still locked on the coffee maker.
Steve turned around to see a petite blond, wearing a low cut and extremely provocative red dress. Steve looked indifferently; he wasn’t into easy girls, or any girl at the moment. “My name is Christine,” She smiled, sticking her hand out towards him. He took it, and smiled. He may as well be polite. “I saw you on the dance floor, and I thought to myself, I just couldn’t let a man like that slip through my fingers.” Christine batted her eyes, touching Steve’s arm.
"Yeah, why, was it not for you?" Steve sat up a bit, glad for the dark lighting of the room to hide the blush.
He followed a trail down to Steve's boxers, and smirked at the tent. "May I?" he asked sweetly as he began to slide off the man's boxers, and revealing his half-hard cock. He licked his lips, and lowered his mouth to the muscle, licking off first the salty precum that had gathered at the tip, the taste clashing with the previously sweet frosting. He lowered his mouth the rest of the way, tightening his lips on the man's cock as he began to move back up and down it, listening to the blond moan with pleasure, and feeling him wrap his fingers in the man's dark hair as he twisted his tongue around it, feeling it grow harder in his mouth.
“Mm, smells just like mom’s.” Steve announced, walking into the dining room with a grin on his face. Tony sat at the head of the table, Pepper on his left, then Natasha, then Clint. Jane sat across from him, and Thor of course sat next to her. Bruce was seated next to the large God, and an empty seat by Tony was obviously Steve’s. He smiled, and headed to his seat. “I hope you’re hungry, I made a lot of food for all of us.” Pepper told him, looking in Thor’s direction.
"Christine!" Steve yelled as he burst through the doors of the large office building, and all eyes turned to see who the hell was looking for the female reporter. Christine turned around, standing by the coffee machine, music blaring on the small radio they had nearby. The soldier stalked up to her, and she almost dropped the cup she had in her hand when she saw him raise his fist. But he swung past her, smashing the radio against the wall, and a silence falling over the gathering crowd.
"That Fury?" Pepper muttered, turning over to look at her lover. "Yeah, needs me to come in." Tony sighed, and began to get dressed. "Romanoff is apparently going off duty for a bit, can't imagine why." "Maybe I'll stop by and see her." Pepper yawned. Tony kissed her forehead, smiling. "Have fun with that." He finished dressing, and headed out, not bothering to eat breakfast. He lost his appetite at the thought of seeing Steve. He tried to push the thought out of his mind, but it refused to be ignored. Steve was never going to truly be out of his life, there was always going to be a sense of danger of their secret slipping out.
"Steve and Christine? Yes." Tony growled as he and Pepper left the restaurant. "What the hell is he doing with her? Doesn't he know how dangerous she is, what she did?" She shook her head in utter disgust. "I thought better of him than that." "So did I." Tony muttered, before he turned to face her. "Hey, let's not let it ruin our night. What do you say we go home and do some catching up?"
Steve looked up to see a curious Tony peeking over his coffee mug, extending his neck to get a better view. The blond quickly shut the journal, and placed it in his inner jacket pocket. "It's nothing." he muttered, and stared out the window at the lightly falling snow. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the brunette giving him a scowl.
"Nothing. I just kind of guessed." Bruce tried to hide his grin, and Steve looked at him. "You slick son of a gun." He laughed, and ran a hand through his hair. "Damn... You think I would have seen right through that one."
"Ah, it's okay Captain. You don't have to do any explaining." Toni said, smiling softly. "After all, I've read so much about you already."
Tony grabbed a bottle of lube, moving his hand from himself and spreading it between his hand, applying it to his shaft, and now moving lower to his entrance, pushing inside of himself. Steve pumped himself furiously as he watched the show, moaning and groaning like some type of animal in heat.
He ran at Tony, and punched the man square in the face. He yelped in surprise, and grabbed Steve's arm, throwing him over his shoulder and slamming him into the ground. Steve just lay there for a moment, trying to catch his breath. Tony floated over him, gloating. "Had enough yet Captain?" Steve's eyes flickered with mischief, and the blond flipped over, using the wall as a back spring, and dove at Tony, who allowed himself to be caught. The brunette flipped up his mask, and stared at the blond.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. "Make me." Steve accepted the challenge, annoyed and wanting to get some long awaited sleep. He pinned the brunette up against the wall with his body, and covered Tony's mouth with his hand to keep the man from yelling. He bit down, but Steve refused to remove his hand until he found the key. He did, and but his hand stayed on the other man's mouth, just in case he decided to be a smart-ass and scream rape.
The solider tried desperately to ignore the tightening in his groin. His eyes followed the other man's hand, an unknowing guide as it reached down between Tony's spread legs, grabbing his prick. He began to stroke himself slowly, hand moving up and down his shaft. Steve felt his knees buckle; his pants only growing tighter. His breathing quickened as the brunette's hips bucked up into his hand, giving the soldier a good look at Tony's, everything.
“Always.” Tony promises, “stay safe, bond of mine.” And the words are ancient, steeped in tradition. They are meant for marriage, meant for oaths. The surprise reads on Steve’s face as clear as glass, and Tony can’t stop himself from smiling, from tracing the answering smile on Steve’s face with his fingertips.
The wording of it may have been complex, but the meaning struck true in Antonia’s brain. He thought Virginia beautiful, and upon seeing how quickly she took to etiquette and education under Antonia’s wing, could see how well she would fit into his own home.
The finished article was something so decadently seeping in affection she showed it only to her mother, before both agreeing it was far too flattering and vowing to not show it to him “until the time was right”.
“Steve we’re too far to parachute down.” Natasha’s voice comes from the front, where she’s co-piloting alongside Clint, and Steve laughs.
“If I’d have known you could put in a performance like that, I’d have let you right then and there, Howard’s feelings be damned.”
She sits like a ghost, moonlight painting her grey and otherworldly. Sadness hangs over her like a cloud. “You met them then?”
He stopped, moved from her again, and seemed quite embarrassed. He was more in love with her than Antonia supposed, and who can say how it might have ended, if not for him stopping, laughing to himself, “I must go.” He spoke, soft, kissing her knuckles, before leaving the room and Antonia’s confusion with it.
Mr. Clint Barton was one of the boasts of Highbury, and a lively curiosity to see him prevailed, though the compliment was so little returned that he had never been there in his life. His coming to visit his father had been often talked of but never achieved.
. Golden beauty painted with a Celtic brush, full lips and flushed freckled skin. Tony’s soulmark burns like a house fire against his throat, pulses there like a fluttering butterfly. Steven gasps, and when their eyes connect he swears, low and Gaelic, arms empty. There’s a crashing sound, somewhere, in Tony’s periphery that comes to him like it’s underwater. They stare at each other, panting like they’ve run a marathon, and Tony knows
Antonia shook her head firmly as Bruce attempted to smother an incredulous look, and spoke coolly, “I cannot say I wish to be snowed up a week at Randalls with a newborn child back at Hartfield and work that awaits me back in London.”
“You will come back. I think we have impressed you, although you were not suspecting to like us I’m sure to begin with!” he huffed a chuckle at that.
The evening before this great event (for it was a very great event that Mrs. Stark should dine out, in particular on the 24
“You sound proud of them,” Tony murmurs in response, before shaking himself, “and I appreciate that and the honesty. But right now my reputation is in pieces, my stock free falling, and I could use a home win.”
“Oh but you don’t arrive with me.” Steven’s eyes sparkle with humour, “Mr. Hammer is waiting to attend to you.”
Tony jumps into consciousness like a cliff dive. He wakes, and already his mind plays the night before in vivid technicolour against his eyelids. Howard, the fight. Steve, their kiss. The drive. The evening. Begging Steve to stay.
“I have had to watch, as you have made a fool of yourself over Mr. Barton, behaved so viciously toward not only Miss. Hill but Miss. Romanov. Schemed with Miss. Potts heart so ferociously you’ve left a boy who
“I was blind to their – attachment. I blush when I think of some of the things I said and did. But please believe me when I say that I have no other reason to regret that I did not know their secret earlier.”
Antonia paused, gathering her thoughts, before proceeding gently, “I hope it does not proceed from – I hope it is not compliment to Mr. Hammer?”
“Tony, you look -“ Steve starts, stops, swallows. “Let’s just say you look better in my clothes than I do.” He’s stepping toward Tony like he’s powerless not to, trapped in Tony’s gravitational field. A pull as inevitable as gravity.
He has a moment to realise he’s probably not giving the most reassuring impression of himself, grinning madly on her doorstep, hair like a birds nest, eyes sunken with lack of sleep. But
Scheming was necessary to facilitate friendship once more. Concession must be out of the question, but it was time to appear to forget that they had ever quarreled; she had hoped it might not rather assist the restoration of friendship, that when he came into the room after supper, she was alone holding the Banner’s baby, a young girl of the name Harriet. It did assist; for though he began with grave looks and short questions, his gaze soon burned with fierce affection, and he was soon led on to talk of them all in the usual way, and to take the child out of his arms with perfect amity. Antonia could feel their friendship shrouding her slowly once more; and the conviction giving her at first great satisfaction, then a little confidence, she could not help herself saying, as he was admiring the baby.
“I don’t know what to be more angry at - that they thought you were a prostitute or I thought they were turning us away for being gay. Which is worse?” He slumps back in the velvet chair, unable to recognise the smooth silky feel against his aching back.
“More than an attachment, indeed,” resumed Mrs. Marvel, “an engagement – a positive engagement. To Miss Romanov.”
Steve looks at him, really looks, and how can his eyes be so sad when his lips are still bee-sting red, his hair finger teased within an inch of his life, “Sure, T. I got you.”
The air hits him like a slap, stinging his uncovered cheeks and making his eyes water. Clamping his hands to his sides, he falls faster than a stone and the wind whistles in his ears.
Poor Pepper was in a flutter of spirits which required all the reasonings and sootings and attentions that Antonia could give, and it was heavy work. Pepper listened quietly, only interjecting to agree “yes it was true, Miss Stark was right, it was not worthwhile to think about them – she’d think about them no longer.” But to Antonia’s dismay no subject change could prevail, and the next half-hour saw her as anxious and restless about the Hammers as before.
“Can’t sleep either?” Steve asks, and is met with silence, Natasha eyeing him up, probably taking in the fact his forehead is still damp with sweat, and his eyes wild.
“You’ve hired prostitutes before, but not for a while, and never someone who looks so much like your perfect match. You’d be nervous, but I’m expensive and exactly what you wanted and all you’d be able to think is how you’d have paid double without a fuss for how my lips will look around your cock.”
Jarvis doesn’t leave the car, but anyone driving past the restaurant will see two young men, blonde and brunette, with their heads bent together like they can’t bear to be more than centimetres apart in the dying sun.
Tony doesn’t reply, too scared that the moment will break and shatter into a million pieces in front of him.
It’s worth saying that Steve’s flat isn’t exactly that small. And features an indoor gym. THATS how big Tony Stark’s living room is. It’s open plan, a sprawling sunken area is the main feature of the room. Across it is decadently coloured ruby red couches, gold trim glinting off the lighting that illuminates the entire room. An open bar is the feature of one corner, a fireplace in the other, and what’s above it makes Steve gasp.
“Steve! Tony’s said he can build us a slip n’ slide staircase in the office like we’d always wanted!” Bucky shouts excitedly, and Steve catches Tony’s eye - cheekily grinning back at him.
Maria’s voice is light, airy, penetrates the thick fog of anger in the room, “Let’s get the main course out, shall we?” She stands up, calls Jarvis with a bell, and in doing so brushes up against Tony’s sleeve, whispers into his ear, “Anthony, don’t be foolish. Take a breath and
- can you believe it? Loki has a seriously fucked up sense of humour.” Tony jerks as Steve gently presses a hand to his forehead.
Mr. Hammer returned, a very happy man. He had gone away rejected, mortified and scorned by Captain. Rogers (
Donwell was a peculiar oddity, an estate which yawned its expanse with high ceilings and airy social rooms (for it was the second largest estate of the ton, only stepping aside for Hartfield) but yet felt unbelievably homely. Though, Antonia would admit she was perhaps biased, for she had spent many a weekend adventuring through its halls that she knew every creak of the floorboards. And she knew how ferociously Steve worked with sweat beaten into his brow to keep it. The Rogers were young money, the late grandfather a well-to-do surgeon who had bought the dilapidated estate on a whim and upon his passing left it to Sarah Rogers, rooms still broken and misused. It had been fodder for the ton to speak on for years, watching it recede into decay as Sarah faded with it, sunk under grief and illness. And it was Steve who wrestled it back through the pain of his own labour.
and not Virginia. An inconsistency that – if real – was utterly contemptible and abominable. Assuming himself to have the right of first interest in her; she could only give him a look, a look so fierce she hoped it must restore him to his senses, then left the sofa for the door, as it opened and announced Steven’s presence once more.
Instead of taking up that advice he pulls back and Steve brushes Tony’s lips in a shockingly intimate gesture before speaking. “In all seriousness though, I don’t want this to be casual. I need… I need you. I can’t do this alone.” And curse this man for always being so
–“ before he realises that he’s not in the midst of a humid forest, but an air-conditioned room. His bed is soft under his fingers, not brick hard, and the buzz of life is noticeably absent.
Unlike what movies would lead you to believe, consciousness is not sudden, but a slow, pain-staking process that starts with fingers twitching and ends with eyes opening an hour later, by which point Steve’s nerves are shot to dust and his palms are full of half-crescent marks from his fingernails so sharp they’ve drawn blood.
"Be cool about it, but take a look over there." Sam cranes his neck, looking to all the world like a stork that has dislocated its neck.
“How are you so perfect?” Tony asks huskily, perhaps a shade too close to real and unflinchingly honest. Steve, god love him, doesn’t break for a moment, hitting stride with his character now enough to make Tony cramp with lust.
Making their way back from Mrs. May’s to Hartfield, Virginia in tow, it was then that they proceeded in a heated discussion over Goethe’s book the Sorrows of Young Werther. It was an unfair discussion, really, as Antonia nearly had that novel memorized whilst Virginia had only been introduced to it in the recent months.
Tony knows, when he’s beaten and bloody on the locker room floor watching Steve through the eye not crusted over with blood, that he will never love anyone as fiercely as he does Steve Rogers.
“Real.” He says, clear and sure. It wraps around Tony’s heart, holds him close, “I didn’t think I would meet you. Or - if I did - I didn’t think I’d put it together. There are marks who don’t know, who don’t notice, for weeks or months after they’ve met. Most don’t have such a - such a reaction.”
” His tone was furious, but the anger comforted Antonia, let her bask in it as someone else she respected so much could be angry on her behalf, “Did he touch you, Antonia. Tell me now for I will call on my horse at once and demand we duel at dawn if he did.”
Tony acknowledges him with a grunt but keeps on working and Steve reaches for his sketch pad he keeps on the desk and the pencils stored in the top drawer. They sit in the quiet for hours, the only noise Steve’s pencil scratching against paper, occasionally peppered by Tony asking questions or opinions.
Antonia felt a wave of feeling, of empathy, “That can be no reason for being exposed to danger. I will call the carriage. The heat even would be a danger. You are fatigued already.”
Bruce wanders in, hearing the noise, and sits on the sofa beside Clint, letting Clint rest his head on the scientist’s lap after a few whines of “pleaseeeee”. Every so often he begins writing equations down with his finger on the armrest, before Steve reaches into his pants pocket for one of his various sketchbooks, and grabs him a pencil from the table. Bruce smiles his thanks, and when he can’t stop that brain from working writes numbers madly into the margin to keep him calm.
It’s a miserably cold day in Boston. The rain pulls off Charles River in horizontal sheets that soak everything through the instant it makes contact. The cold is lazy today, Jarvis would like to tell Tony, the kind that cannot be bothered going around you and instead seeps through your bones instead. There is nothing that is memorable about this day, it shakes out much the same as any other. He wakes late, exhales stale breath made worse by the triple shot of espresso he inhales, and starts his morning routine, runs a toothpaste over his teeth and brush a hand through his hair as though that alone will tame it.
“Steven, please, if you like me even a bit you will hand your horse off to one of my groomsmen and help me inside.” Antonia speaks fast, pushing the words out and ignoring how her face flames at the request. She feels stupid, but she knows she cannot give any quarter to Mr. Hammer’s bizarre behavior this evening. She isn’t sure what has given him such airs this evening, but knows in her heart it cannot be encouraged, in case he thinks he can set himself at a higher prize than her beloved Virginia.
“Antonia the words that spill from your mouth are nonsense!” cried Steven, “James Rhodes had all these qualities to recommend him and simply because he comes from a labourer background,
Shield has been their local haunt for what feels like forever. They came for the 20% Armed Forces discount, but stayed for the greasy and sinful food that could quite easily force them into an early grave. It was run by Clint’s other half, Phil Coulson, who was so scarily efficient Steve had tried to recruit him for AVNG several times over. They ran a veteran outreach centre on the off hours, every Monday evening hosting any veteran who needed a helping hand, and therapy groups every Thursday. It was a second home, and bringing Tony into it panicked Steve, only because it didn’t nearly feel as weird as it should.
“If I didn’t feel so concerned about the judgemental attitudes of my staff, I’d be leaving them a tip for starting this all off.” He says, voice slightly slurred with pure contentment. He feels Steve’s chest vibrate against his as he huffs a laugh, runs a hand through Tony’s hair, before rocking back to look into Tony’s eyes.
Without much preamble, Nat launches straight into it. She’s not one for small talk, it’s one of Steve’s favorite things about her.
He knows that Cayce suggests that all souls are born androgynous, that they halve upon separation from God and the marks are placed upon each part to call the other home again. He knows that Greek mythology calls them a kiss from Zeus, that the Chinese believe the matchmaker god Yue Lao creates souls together and when they are ripped apart leave them with matching scars that can mend and make them whole again. It is all achingly romantic and idealistic and nauseatingly perfect. It's so far away from science and order and math it may as well be in another language.
Tony doesn’t know what he means, but he knows he’s ready. He’s ready for now, ready for tomorrow, ready for the days after and the months and years that span out ahead of them in glorious technicolour. “Yeah baby.” He smiles, really means it, lets it spread across his face, “Lets go change the world together.”
“Sleep my darling, we can talk of how glad we are to have you back when you have had a moment or two’s peace.”
After an elevator ride filled with a silence that’s tense, but not unwelcome, it’s not long before Steve’s welcomed into a living room the size of his flat.
He seemed to have all the life and spirit, cheerful feelings, and social inclinations of his father, and nothing of the pride or reserve she had suspected. Of pride, perhaps, there was a little, but it seemed to be buried beneath behaving well, and so Antonia didn’t mind. She could not speak of others pride – she knew herself she had ample of that feeling.
“Tony, it’s fine.” Steve turns to him, “I’ll see you soon.” And it feels a bit like a goodbye, Steve trying to hold back tears with a horrible smile that looks pasted on, “I love you.”
It’s a realisation that sends hot shame running down his back, that sets his cheeks on fire and mind reeling. The feelings that have been burgeoning inside him refuse to be tampered down, and he can no longer excuse them as empathy, or concern for a teammate, or even awe. They refuse to lie dormant, and in a rush Steve remembers what these taboo emotions used to grant him. It brings back memories of back alleys been beaten and taunted. Of jibes in class and doctor’s visits that classed him as ‘diseased’.
Steve fixed his lover with a look. It was a look that Steve thought seemed firm and amused, but Tony had transcribed it to mean
” He curses, watching the water turn red beneath his feet with the blood running copiously from his knuckles, idly thinking about how Tony would have laughed upon hearing him swear. He stands there a while longer, staring at his knuckles as the flesh already begins to heal, knitting together and he feels sick. He’s nauseous at the fact he can piece together again so quickly, this nothing special, ordinary man, and yet Tony’s left unconscious on a hospital bed. He leans against the broken tiles for even longer, trying to regain control of his stomach as it tries to purge itself, before he steps out and shakes himself free of the thoughts circling round his head like water round a drain.
“Then you are gonna love me.” Tony grins, filthy, and the car is saturated in that odd feeling that Steve can’t quite get a grip of without it sliding out of his reach.
Antonia often found herself walking through to the boarding school at her mother’s behest, who had society’s etiquette of keeping a friendship stoked drilled into her. So she found herself strolling there one morning, spotting Miss Hill sat outside in deep conversation with Mrs May, and waved enthusiastically in a manner not becoming for a young woman, but a manner good enough for Antonia Stark.
“You storm into my life like a hurricane, make me your pretend boyfriend and let me fall in love with your friends and your life in less than a day like some shitty romcom. Then you get inside my skin and fuck me like you mean it, and then leave?” Tony’s voice steadily grows louder, shaking with rage.
"Oh no," Tony bites, words waspish, "I think you'll be getting your manager about now." The man scuttles away, Tony's bloody boiling. Doesn't he
He made no answer; merely looked at Natasha a moment too long, and soon said afterwards in a lively tone.
And this moment should be for them, “I love you too.” Tony whispers, repeats it louder when Happy pulls Steve from the room, “Steve!”
Antonia was always struck by how Pepper could hide remarkably clever musings within a shy and faltering countenance. The intelligence, and beauty, of the girl could not be wasted on the inferior society of Highbury and its connections. The acquaintances she had formed on her stay away in the country were unworthy of her. The friends from whom she had just parted, although very good sorts of people if what Pepper was saying was to be true, must be doing her harm.
Antonia refused to be swayed, “I don’t think so Steve. Natasha Romanov may be the champion of the written word or pianoforte; but
Tony shakes his head, “Sorry, sorry. That wasn’t fair of me. Of course you are free to leave, you don’t owe me anything.”
“I cannot make speeches, Antonia.” He gasped out, tenderness warming his tone, “If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.”
“Hello Steve,” Tony talks, and Sarah looks up sharp, watches him with questioning eyes from across the bed where she’s set up sentry by Steve’s IV line, “Your mum and I are both here. You’re okay. We’ve got you. You can rest now.”
The Starks had been settled for several generations at Hartfield, a branch of a very ancient family – and in comparison the Hammers were of no consequence. Hartfield was the lifeblood of Highbury, not only keeping the majority in employment, but lending its sprawling land to tenants. In fact, the only estate that rivalled them was Donwell. And, well, that belonged to Captain Rogers, left to him by his father. He had not wanted for it, but responsibility was a heavy burden, and when it was either accept the mantle that Donwell carried or leave it in the wind, there was only one choice. And so the two estates reached forwards together into the heart of England and carved their mark.
Mr. Barton doesn’t react past a small smile, a smirk that trembles around his lips, and Antonia feels cowed without a word in utterance.
Fury sighs, and in that moment Steve sees a man who has taken on the sole weight of this project and yet is watching it fall apart beneath his very eyes, “Even so, I have been recommended to bench you for the time being. You need time out of the field.”
Steve sets his jaw mulishly, “I think plenty of people would like to hear what I’ve got to say on Roberts’ active roster.”
“Oh, what an emotional girl,” Miss Hill cries, voice unbearably loud in the room now punctuated by Pepper’s soft sobs, “We are all so happy for Mr Hammer. To have been in Bath only four weeks, and now engaged. But – well – I suppose where love is involved –“
Tony falls apart so beautifully, comes with a beautiful sound close to dying. Steve follows not far behind, vision whiting out for a second. He sees Tony’s eyelids flutter, breath come thick and fast, before he falls forward into Tony’s arms.
After taking as long as she could, drawing out the moment as far as it would stretch, she set out once more, slowly ambling forth as casual as she could make it. She gained on them, however, involuntarily; even the slowest pace she could make was still a fair sight faster than theirs, cursing her long coltish legs, overviewing their fairly exuberant conversation. Mr. Hammer was speaking with animation, Virginia listening with a very pleased attention, and Antonia was beginning to think on how she might draw back a little more when they both looked around, and she was obliged to join them.
They walked together. He was silent. She thought he was often looking at her, and trying for a fuller view of her face than it suited her to give. And this belief produced another dread. Perhaps he wanted to speak to her, of his attachment to Pepper; he might be watching for encouragement to begin. She was terrified, and could not feel equal to lead the way in any such subject. But regardless, she turned to face him fully with all the dread of being lead to a firing squad.
Maria did well, she felt, to conceal some of her most privileged and precious thoughts on the subject, in the face of Steven’s arduous care and consideration of Antonia. There was only so much he could attempt to conceal his affection for her daughter, and as yet there were words that lingered, unspoken by both parties. She would not affect her daughter’s destiny as much as she would not force Steven’s hand. She would be happy, delighted, if the match was to come about. But she was too old for matchmaking, and the quiet if obvious transition which Mr. Rogers soon made afterwards to “What does Jarvis think of the weather, shall we have rain?” convinced her he had nothing more to say at the time of Hartfield, or the young girl he cared so much for that lived within it.
“You too, hotshot. The leather definitely suits you.” Tony’s eyes linger on his arms, and Steve resists an urge to flex, just barely, to show off.
Sarah hands in her notice not an hour later, claims she’s going to get back into her true passion - nursing. Rhodey’s mother, a charge nurse in Brooklyn, puts in a good word. She starts a week later, and any trace of her working for Howard is silently wiped from all possible history.
Steve had a cheerful and friendly manner, which always did him good no matter the situation. He listened and responded to Maria’s many inquiries with good cheer.
He contrived that she should be seated by him; and was sufficiently employed in talking in hushed tones for a while, Antonia able to feel the weight of Natasha’s eyes on her all the while.
“Are you warm enough, Miss Stark? Allow me to fetch you a drink.” Mr. Hammer rushes to stand, and in doing so catches the side of the tablecloth in his hands, nearly upsetting the display the Marvels have set out.
Antonia felt a chuckle from beside her, and she darted a look at Mr. Barton, whose face was framed around a grin. “Why are you smiling?” she asked, unable to stop a grin from trembling around her own features.
“Oh Steven I know how you loathe to ever concede my brilliance, so I will take your compliment and hold it dear since it unlikely I ever hear another one.” Antonia’s voice drips with sarcasm, “And she will be here soon once she can extricate herself from the Highbury gossips.”
“Not at all.” Tony murmurs, looking at Steve with heavy eyes, “you are a man full of surprises, Steve.”
“What the fuck were you doing?” are the first words Steve hears when he wakes up, eyes fluttering open. Tony is sat by the bed whilst people bustle around them. By their uniform, Steve can assume they are hospital staff, rather than angels, and he isn’t in heaven but in fact some medical room at S.H.I.E.L.D.
They are fighting these monstrous looking animals in Queens, 50 foot high and look like they’ve been turned inside out with teeth that, individually, are the size of Steve. When they first spotted them, having been put on call by S.H.I.E.L.D, Bruce vomited on his shoes. They are the stuff of nightmares and Steve knows he will be getting no sleep for a while.
Steve doesn’t eat as much as he should. With a metabolism like his, S.H.I.E.L.D. had advised him to be eating over 12,000 calories a day. The reason he doesn’t heed the recommendation is apparently, according to the psychiatrist S.H.I.E.L.D. employs, due to a latent form of PTSD. She loves to tell him over and over again that
because who are we kidding, it’s Tony Stark). It’s a little awkward to begin, too much teeth, but then they shift and
Thank you everyone for reading this story, I am sad to finish it but happy with how it turned out. My inbox is always open and I hope to get more stories out soon!
When he got there he noticed Clint playing with a toy bow in view of Coulson and Bruce snuggled up to Thor’s side as his eyes were set on the cartoons in front of them. Natasha was working on some case files at the table, and Steve was sketching something in his book. It wasn’t often that everyone was able to gather together and Tony just had to pick the one instance that they were.
I'm so sorry for the delay, couldn't find the inspiration for this chapter for a while but here it is! The ending of Just let go.
In the middle of fumbling with the diaper tapes, his fingers not wanting to cooperate whatsoever, Steve walked in. Tony was beyond mortified, quickly running into the safety of the bathroom and locking the door behind him. This couldn’t be happening, Steve couldn’t have put him in a diaper, he couldn’t have put him to sleep, he couldn’t possibly care that much but then Tony remembered how Steve had held him before; so protective and warm, embracing Tony’s little side. Tony pushed those thoughts away as he heard feet shuffling behind the door and Steve’s soft voice following.
A few silent tears streamed down Tony’s face but he didnt move, barely breathed. Eventually Steve would get tired and he would leave, they all did. So he waited, took a shower, sat by the door as he heard Steve’s even breathing. One hour passed, then two, then three, and eventually it was the middle of the night and Tony was sure that Steve had drifted off on the floor.
Tony remembered the day he had been classified very clearly, the sheer disgust and disapproval on his father's face would forever be burned into the back of his head. The Starks had gone through a lot of trouble to cover up Tony’s classification, it would’ve ruined them. For all that anyone knew, Tony Stark was a baseline and Tony was determined to keep it that way. The only people who knew of his true classification had long passed, not even Pepper or Rhodey knew of his dirty little secret.
Looking for suggestion for the next chapters, the story may begin to come to an end otherwise. Comments and kudos are appreciated!
Also shoutout to @31DolphinSwimming for the inspiration to this chapter and for all the love! Thanks mimi you're awesome!
I am open to suggestion and prompts, feel free to leave possible scene ideas below.  Thank you for the Kudos and Comments!
“I’m sorry Captain Rogers but Sir has requested not to be disturbed at this time” JARVIS replied without further elaboration.
Hello! Im happy to see so many people are enjoying my story, I am trying to keep to updating every 2-3 days which is working well for me so far. Let's hope it stays this way.
Steve had been the first by his side, trying to coax him away from the broken glass on the floor, while Coulson and Natasha focused on cleaning up the mess. Tony realized his slip up and bolted for the elevator, muffling his sobs and closing the doors before anyone could catch up to him. He had JARVIS take him up to his floor where he hid under his covers, shaking uncontrollably, covering his eyes and hoping that this was all a bad dream and that he hadn’t just broken down into tears in front of everyone over some spilled coffee.
Without drawing too much attention, Tony started to make himself another sandwich and pour a cup of freshly brewed coffee. Everything was going perfectly until he had to go and spill scathing hot coffee on himself and drop the glass mug to the floor. Really he should’ve just cursed under his breath and started to clean up the mess without a fuss but he was already teetering between head spaces and he couldn’t help the small whimper that escaped before he was sobbing out loud. He was just so goddamn tired and this had been his breaking point.
In all fairness, even if Tony hadn’t been working on those prototypes he still would’ve found himself hunched over a screen trying to busy his mind with a new project. Tony had neither had a proper meal, or consistent sleep for what seemed like weeks. He couldn’t bare the thought of waking up in a cold sweat from another nightmare, alone in his tauntingly large bed.
Things are starting to get exciting! Bear with me for the next two or three chapters, Ive got a plan I think you'll all enjoy.
“Sir, might I suggest some rest before continuing in the lab, you have not had a proper nights sleep in several weeks” JARVIS so duly pointed out.
Im sorry for the delay, was lacking energy and inspiration but I'm here now. Thank you for all the love!
This time when Tony woke up he was still fuzzy between head spaces and stirred slightly as he shifted to see his surroundings. He was now in his bed, with someone sleeping beside him. It only took a moment for Tony to realize it was Steve. A little dumbfounded Tony only stared, which must’ve been longer than he thought because Steve was now opening his eyes and Tony quickly looked away, blushing furiously.
The board meeting had, if not nothing, successfully put one Tony Stark to sleep. He had spent the last several days locked in his lab, running solely off of bitter, albeit heavenly, coffee and an odd sandwich here and there, finishing up new prototypes for Stark Industries. If it hadn’t been for Pepper literally dragging him out of his workshop by the collar, for the meeting, he would probably still be tinkering with the Iron Man suit at the least. The protruding dark circles under his eyes, and sunken face did nothing to hide the pure exhaustion Tony felt not only physically but mentally.
“Tony? Are you ok?” Steve asked worried, he knew Tony would wake up in a tailspin but that hadn’t made him feel any better.
“But, Sir-” , “Mute.” Tony interrupted before JARVIS could finish. He just really needed to busy himself, he couldn’t risk waking up in his headspace with his current urges.
“It was just a precaution after…” Steve trailed off, remembering back to the incident in the lab. He thought that Tony would’ve been more mortified if he had wet the bed instead.
“Do you think you could come out and we could just talk face to face?” Steve talked to the door, hands braced against the frame. It was a long shot but if need be he would coax Tony out.
