That brightened John's mood. If the case was solved quickly he might not need to follow through with resigning. It was too early to say, but John was grateful for the possibility. "Thank you, I'll give you a call as soon as I can."
"Just carry on for a little while longer, and I'm certain you'll start to see more of what attracted you to him in the first place." She was so assured in her advice, and only trying to help. John smiled and patted her hand gently.
The words of the desperate man still rang in John's ears. "
"Like today, for example," John began, his face darkening at the memory. "I don't think he's slept in three days, not that he sleeps much to begin with. He's been tearing the flat apart going through old case files. It looks like the place was ransacked; I couldn't even see the floor. And he has papers tacked on the walls, and memento's from old cases propped up everywhere." He took a deep swallow of beer to fortify himself before he pressed on. "Today I found him on the coffee table, just slowly turning around, muttering to himself."
John threw his hands into the air, exasperated. "That's not the
John nipped lightly at Sherlock's lips, then pulled back and nibbled his way across Sherlock's jaw to his neck, sucking and biting possessively.
Mrs. Hudson smiled also, amused. "It's good that your spending some of this quiet time together. Too many couples get too caught up in their day to day lives, and don't remember the important little things that keep a relationship going." She brushed off her apron and started making her way back towards the door. "I'll just leave you to it, then."
A blast of cool air hit him as the sheets lifted slightly and John cringed. Then the bed dipped, and Sherlock slid under the sheets with him. Sherlock wound his arms around John's middle again, and pulled John flush to him. 'Sherlock is naked,' John mused to himself. And then he decided it didn't matter because Sherlock was also deliciously warm. He squirmed further into their embrace, shoving his toes under Sherlock's claves, his fingers under Sherlock's arms, and his freezing nose into Sherlock's neck. Sherlock allowed this without protest.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
consent. We need to work on your communication skills."
The kitchen was nearly the end of his laptop.
"You're always going on and on about how sentiment is useless and even dangerous, but it just helped you solve this case. If that woman didn't love her husband so much, where would you be now? Hm?" John was feeling rather smug about this point.
"What's in it?" John asked dubiously.
evidence with which to make their case. And somehow, after all of this, he found it in his heart to
The chess, though, that had been unexpected. They had been talking one night after dinner, and John had commented on the elaborate chess set that Sherlock had tucked away in a corner of the sitting room. Sherlock had brought it out onto the coffee table and regaled John about one of his early cases where the pieces of the set had been left as taunts by a serial killer at the site of each victims kidnapping. Sherlock had deduced that the pieces were being left in an order that mimicked a well known game between the dubious super computer, Deep Blue, and the Russian grandmaster Kasparov. The analogy, as Sherlock told it had been, "tediously dramatic."
The door clicked behind him and John whirled around in surprise and panic, only to see Mary slipping inside the room with them. When John had left the flat, she was taking her turn in the shower. Now here she was, hair still slightly damp, in fresh clothes and a long white doctor's coat. "Sorry I'm late boys, where are we at?"
Sherlock nodded and leaned forward slightly, offering a Nikki a slim piece of paper which she reached out to accept with a questioning gaze. "These numbers belong to my brother, Mycroft, and his live in lover, Lestrade. Please text them incessantly if anything doesn't go as planned. If everything does go as planned, text them incessantly anyway."
John frowned, and looked up for a moment before scanning the small article that had been circled in red ink.
"We value our guests security very highly," Rebecca was continuing to explain.
"These clothes are soaked in sweat, Sherlock. You need to have dry ones or you're only going to get worse." He pulled Sherlock's shirt over his head and allowed him to lay down on the bed. He reached for Sherlock's trousers and pants next, and met with no protest. John had stripped and dressed delirious patients before, so with Sherlock almost helping, or at least not hindering him, he was able to replace his sodden clothes with dry ones relatively quickly.
There was a moment of silence, then everyone was rushing past him, no longer concerned with one rouge passenger when the others were yet to be accounted for. John jerked with the suppressed impulse to join them. He wanted to, he was a doctor...but the avalanche hadn't actually hit the train, thanks to its early stop...and he still had to get to Sherlock.
"It said in the advert that the hours were variable. What is the shift rotation?"
John frowned, fixing his eyes back on his work. Sherlock was cruel, he couldn't deny that, he'd seen too much evidence, but for all his bluster, he'd never needlessly wasted lives... "Danger to my life doesn't account for changing the medication orders for that patient, Sherlock," John pressed. He was met with silence.
"Hm? Oh, nothing too much, yet," Sherlock replied, shrugging. "We'll just have to see how things go."
thinking about chess," John said defensively.
Child's Play
The ex-army doctor marched blindly through London, cursing Sherlock and his corrosive personality. How
There was no arguing with that logic, so John had played.
John was in the Morgue at St. Barts again. It had been a long time since he'd come to St. Barts. He used to spend a great deal of time here, just after Sherlock fell. Going to Barts had helped almost as much as it hurt, like tonguing a wound in your mouth as though the act of running your tongue across it would make it heal. He'd just about had a panic attack every time he tried to get in the front door, and then he'd stand around the morgue for hours without being much use to anyone.
"Lock me in whatever deep dark hole you can find, sell the flat, and all his positions, you still won't convince me to 'let him go'. Change the environment, change my surroundings, and I will still be committed to him, our friendship, and his good name. I always will be."
John nodded and squeezed Mary's hand back. He hadn't considered that someone might be reluctant to see Mary because of her ongoing love for her late husband. The thought was sad, and felt so limiting. Then again Sherlock was always going on about how people made their own cages and then complained about them…
After a minute he turned to glance at Sherlock once more, his curiosity getting the better of him. "So you've got the whole thing sorted, then?"
John snorted derisively. "Right, you wouldn't harm a mouse," He sucked in a breath when Sherlock's grip tightened once more. If he didn't start acting his part, Sherlock might just try to snap his arm off.
Sherlock gave him an upside-down smirk before leaning back further, undoing John's trousers. John's eyes never left his as Sherlock tugged John's pants down and off his hips. John released his hold on Sherlock only long enough to rid himself of all remaining clothing. When John stood Sherlock's smirk was gone, but there was a define gleam in his eye as he leaned back and licked a broad wet stripe along John's member.
In their own crazy way, he and Alexander were connected in their grief, and John was long past fighting this connection. His letters to Alexander had lost their earlier hesitation, as well as much of their reserve, after he'd shared his feeling about Sherlock. Alexander and he were fighting separate, personal wars. Only now they were united, soldiers in arms. Alexander's struggle was obvious, and if the only thing John could do for him was to write back, well, Captain John Watson never left a man behind.
John's brow furrowed in concern. He repositioned himself to lean further over the letter, as thought this intensified concentration could perform the healing that John himself was unable to provide, given the distance between himself and his correspondent.
What if this happened again? Sherlock was always finding trouble in the most unlikely places. What if John started jumping at shadows and seeing cases where there weren't any? Did he really miss Sherlock that much? No. Impossible. He hated that he even still had feelings for that monster, and he couldn't wait until they faded away to nothing.
Cool, smooth fingers fell gently over John's wrist to still his movements. It was the softness of the touch that brought John to a temporary stand-still. Mycroft was many things, but John would never really call him
awkward conversation.
The legible words were spaced out wide apart, indicating that none of them were likely to be part of the same sentence.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. "You always did have an unhealthy attachment to my brother." A slow sneer spread itself on Mycroft's lips. "He does not deserve such... loyalty."
had been in place long before Sherlock had jumped surged around him like a tidal wave and, for the first time, he knew what to call it...
John took notice as he moved through the flat that things were more orderly than the last time he'd been here. There was still an assortment of Sherlock's usual brick-a-brack, but overall the flat lacked the explosion of madness that had consumed it before.
took a toll on everyone and everything in their wake." John continued.
"After one too many
"That's not evidence!" Mr. Brenton insisted, flailing his hands about.
"Sherlock!" John protested, but it was in vain as the younger man was already standing up.  John slipped an arm around Sherlock's neck to steady himself.
from the microwave. John hadn't backed down, however, insisting that his indentured servitude have
"Now she won't return your calls anymore," Sherlock mused idly.
Brining his attention back to Lestrade, Sherlock remembered seeing the Detective Inspector a week after his return. Sherlock had been called in on his first official case since his return. John still wasn't speaking to him at that juncture, so he'd come alone. Lestrade had looked more haggard than usual, and a sliver of a shirt was peeking out of one of Lestrade's desk drawers. The fact that Lestrade and his brother had been living together had shocked Sherlock more than their sudden separation. He had been so surprised that he hadn't actually commented on his observations.
"No," Sherlock breathed, and John winced in sympathy before bending to his task. He was grateful that he'd thought to ask James for these supplies several weeks ago—before the kiss. Sherlock had needed IV solution for…something, and John had seized the opportunity to grab a little extra, along with some injectable fever reducer. It did nag his conscience, but James had always allowed him to assist around the morgue when he needed things for Sherlock. …That probably wouldn't be an option anymore…
. "That's how the world
John's smile softened and warmed as a now familiar, neat, elegant handwriting came into view.
"I was analyzing the evidence," Sherlock said haughtily.
"Some man thought his maid had done something unspeakable; he saw her walking down the hall at night with blood on her hands and mouth. But, it turns out she was pregnant with her employer's child and had a craving for raw beef in the middle of the night. When Sherlock outlined everything for his 'client' the man ordered us off the property; tried to threaten us with a Shitzu."
John smiled his professional doctor smile, trying to put the man at ease. One of them had to be professional, and Sherlock wasn't about to start any time this millennium. In his heart of hearts, John knew that Sherlock had only waited so as not to miss an opportunity to needle him, to score another point in their war of perspective. "All of our cases are held in the strictest confidence, Mr. Miller, I assure you. And Sherlock here will stop at nothing to get to the truth."
Sherlock scanned and rolled his eyes at the wrestling trophies displayed on the mantle. They were decades old, the most recent dating back to Mr. Werner's university days. The sitting room was comfortable with little of the intricate touches Mrs. Werner had bestowed upon the garden, indicating she had little say in household decoration. A strong man of forgettable appearance, who took great pride in his physical accomplishments, combined with a desire for control which quashed the creative impulses of hard working spouse painted a very clear picture: abusive husband.
Closing the privacy curtain around the bed, Sherlock followed Greg down the hall.
Mrs. Hudson's smile widened. "Of course, dear. Do you think the case will be wrapped up in time for tea?"
thin…
"It needs to be set. I can set it while you talk if you insist."
"Let's be quick then," Sherlock agreed, striding forward before Marcus had fully turned around. Marcus was quick on his feet however. He followed Sherlock and overtook him before they'd left the building.
did she keep that stupid ring? It was unremarkable enough to be looked over at a casual meeting, but it was still something that made her identifiable-a bad thing in her line of work, unless it was some badge of loyalty, as Sherlock had first thought... Sherlock hadn't really seen any of Moriarty's other lackeys directly, so it was impossible to tell if they also bore thin, shining rings.
Marcus's lips were soft and warm, and they parted easily for him when John pressed his tongue against them, asking for entrance. Slowly, John turned around in Marcus's arms, sliding his own along Marcus's torso, and settling them at his waist. Marcus was a bit taller than John, but that was hardly a feat, and it didn't matter. John cared even less about height differences than he did about the gender of his partner. What mattered was willingness, and caring.
Sherlock would have pressed his luck, Lestrade was as easy to get around as any other member of the New Scotland Yard, if only he could be assured this wouldn't set Mycroft on him. The two had been seeing each other for several years now, and this was a case of enough importance that Greg would call Mycroft if he was needed to keep Sherlock in check...
"Not much, mostly he made veiled threats that if I ever hurt his brother there would be 'consequences,' and that he was always watching over Sherlock, that he worried about him constantly."
"What are you on about?" John asked, peering around Sherlock's shoulder. "You've got that 'I'm up to something' tone in your voice, and it is too early for me to play detective. That's your job, anyway."
That had made the fall and his time away more difficult than Sherlock had anticipated, but he still did it. It was what had to be done. Granted, John hadn't exactly welcomed Sherlock back with open arms. He'd remained stoically silent and stubbornly away from 221 B until Sherlock apologized. John had deserved an apology, of course, but many people Sherlock interacted with did, and that fact had never made Sherlock
Resolved, Sherlock tore up the stairs, and burst through the door to 221 B. The floor was more of a wreck than usual, and the concentration required to close the distance between the door and his laptop was irritating. He might have to put some effort into tidying soon...ugh.
The ex-army doctor gave himself a little shake, and forced himself to turn around. He'd told James that a relationship would be too much for him to think about right now, and it
Author's Note PS:  Yes, I know the person alluded to at the end of John's letter is Sigurd Eysteinsson, and so does "Alexander", but John doesn't.  Not yet anyway.  Stay tuned for the next update!
"If the shoe fits," Mycroft drawled. "You can't say that what you're doing is healthy."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's defiant attitude. "Victor Trevor, although that information is entirely irrelevant.
"Fine," Sherlock grumbled, beginning to regret his earlier bravado. He broke from John's hold, strode over, and sat down on the bed, glaring at the floor. He felt John walk around the bed, and flinched when the mattress shifted with John's weight. He'd just opened his mouth to suggest they cut their losses when John's fingers reached around and gently tilted his head back. Sherlock's neck lengthened, the skin drawing taunt as his head pressed back against John's chest. John was kneeling up on the bed, making him taller than Sherlock from this angle since most of Sherlock's height came from his legs.
"Oh? Why not?" John asked, attempting to peer over Sherlock's shoulder at him.
"He's really that picky?" James asked, looking slightly appalled at the image of Sherlock that John was painting.
"Right," John nodded, hurriedly following the world's only consulting detective.
"We laid her out on an examination table when we heard you were on your way," Mr. McGregor said as he lead them into the fully equipped facilities. There was a meaningful pause before he added, "The damage was extensive..."
try to kiss him, or if Sherlock flopped onto the sofa, regardless of John already sitting there, John would only take Sherlock's head into his lap and start to run his fingers through Sherlock's dark curls. He'd deleted so many useless details, but they were relentless, taking up valuable space in his mind palace.
"You should report him to the police," James insisted. "He has no right to just take you off the street like that."
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Of course, John. I
Rene Williams was a beautiful you woman of twenty three years with gray eyes and soft blond hair that fell to her shoulders. She was a small, thin woman with delicate features, but her tone bespoke a will of iron, belying the fragile image she presented.
"Naturally. We need to get you a tux."
Sherlock adjusted the bag of groceries that had rested in his arm all this while, allowing circulation back into his fatigued muscles. It was fortune that it was cold out, there was likely to be little if any damage to the produce because of his unplanned delay. He had just begun to step away to return to 221 B when Lestrade called for him. Sherlock turned his head and saw Lestrade waiving him over to the car. Sherlock frowned, but followed the summons.
John smiled, hoping to reassure her if she was nervous. "I think it looks very cozy."
The world's only consulting detective straightened his spine, folded his hands neatly on the table in front of him and said, "Pay her."
The rest of the evening passed in quiet conversation. It was Mary doing most of the talking, and John was grateful for that too. Every time he opened his mouth lately it seemed he stumbled on something that brought him back to Sherlock. He knew it would fade with time, but that didn't make the process any more comfortable.
John watched the scenery and buildings go by in a daze as the car sped away. How could one simple work day go so wrong? He blinked and looked to his left where Sherlock was attempting some sort of acrobatics, wiggling and shuffling around. "What are you doing now?"
Sherlock thrust his chin out at Mr. Walker, not in the least intimidated. "I'll play for her. That will save time on useless auditions and allow Nikki to reclaim her seat seamlessly, once she's recovered."
Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut for a moment and murmured, "After periods of sustained, high dosage use, protracted tolerance develops. Tolerance should diminish over time, but can still remain remarkably high depending on individual body chemistry." He blinked his eyes open to see that John's amused smile had returned.
Sherlock sighed, leaning up into the kiss, opening his mouth to John before he felt the first brush of tongue.
John blinked, and then, if possible, his expression hardened even further. "You mean more people have to die."
Harry had spoken to the group, and apologized to them when she'd relapsed. It was part of the conditions of her continued treatment. Everyone had been very supportive, but it was still embarrassing to hear it being talked about so casually. She cringed and sank further into her chair.
"We're searching an office; do you really think this'll be necessary?" John asked, slipping his gun into the pocket of his white coat.
Mr. Miller rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously. "I..I tried that after the first week." He looked down again, no longer able to meet John's eyes. "They didn't believe me."
"Do you mind?" His voice was rough and angry. He held up their joined hands and shook them in front of Sherlock's face. "We're busy!"
There was a pause of a few minutes and then...
John and Sherlock sat on the sofa opposite her, each smiling in a self-satisfied way. They were so proud of the woman their daughter had grown up to become. Everyone was overjoyed, but no one had been surprised, when Alex had asked her to marry him. They'd fancied each other almost since the first time they met. Neither had been willing to part with their last names, but they had managed to agree that their children would be Holmes children.
John's smile returned for a fleeting moment. "No, thank you. I
"What?" The patient asked, sniveling and lifting his head just slightly from his knees to peer at Sherlock dubiously.
"I think he feels guilty. I've seen it a million times on cases, so have you. Someone does something wrong, they try to overcompensate by doing something nice, or doing something their loved one would approve of. Granted you and I tend to see the twisted side of that more often than not, but it's still human nature."
Despite the promising case in front of him, Sherlock found his mind pulled back to one afternoon, several months ago, just after they'd closed a case. They'd both slept, for once, and when Sherlock had stumbled into the kitchen John had hot tea waiting for him. John had handed the mug to him with a small smile, his face flushing slightly with pleasure when Sherlock entered the room.
to be an act. John opened his mouth, but Sherlock cut him off.
His stout was placed before him and John sipped it gratefully. He didn't really think it would take the edge off, or help numb the pain a bit, this pain, as he knew from bitter experience, was too big for a pint or a dozen to make any difference, but it was something to do. Two drink limit.
fine, when the counselor continued.
John cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, and pulled him down for a long, slow kiss.
"Can't have you freezing to death," Sherlock murmured.
The bow fell from Sherlock's fingers as he watched them cross the street, his chest constricting with acute pain as they disappeared beneath the window, and entered the building. John was coming for him. He was still furious, still hurting, but he was pushing all of his personal feelings aside for the safety of others. It was written all over his face and, admittedly, so very like John. He was very kind…he'd certainly been too kind to Sherlock.
There were several smudges and scratches above this greeting, as thought Alexander struggled with even beginning the letter. The thought made Johns brows furrow slightly.
worth it."
She nodded. "Good." Then she jerked her head to indicate the sitting room behind her. "Dinner's ready."
He was most definitely going to hell.
John glanced up when he saw something flash in the dim light of their candle. Squinting slightly he saw a small diamond stud between Sherlock's thumb and forefinger on his right hand. He was spinning the stud between his fingers to make it catch the light, while he idly sipped from his water.
"That's the one. You'd think two such brilliant minds would see the wisdom in working together."
John yawned behind one hand while the other worked the lock to the clinic. It had been so long since he'd been able to attend work without the risk of Sherlock throwing everything off kilter, that he'd almost forgotten which key it was on his key ring. Feeling the lock click, John pushed his body against the door to open it. The door was set to lock automatically behind anyone who entered until one of the receptionists opened for the day.
Mr. Werner crossed his arms over his chest and continued to glare. "I will be filing a complaint about this!" he insisted.
The girl, the woman,
Mr. Miller clenched his jaw so tightly John was certain he would break a tooth, then he spat in Sherlock's face.
Sherlock let the leash go for the moment as Toby circled the ring. They were a decent distance from the kennels and Sherlock wanted to have what he came for quickly. The moment Toby reached the center of the ring his sat and howled softly, his declaration of success. John praised the dog , and pet him, while Sherlock nudged him over and began to dig. When he didn't find anything in the first few inches, he dug more forcefully.
that Sherlock had put him through, he shouldn't...he shouldn't still..
"Mr. Wallingford spent his last working days locked away in this room," Mr. Murphy said softly. "Most people didn't know he was still here. He worked right up until the night before his surgery, then for the two weeks after he had recovered, before…well…"
His whole body ached with a pain so sharp he was almost numb. John had, somewhat unknowingly, allowed himself to be vulnerable. He had opened himself up to Sherlock, completely. It wasn't that they had many heartfelt discussions, or painstakingly confided their most painful secrets with each other; they hadn't had to.
It was quiet in the office, John had worked the closing shift today, which was his preferred shift. He came in later and had the potential to jump right into a chaotic situation and bring calm to it. John had long ago admitted to himself that he thrived on that type of adrenaline, another trait that had made Sherlock, and his cases, so appealing. But he liked the quiet that followed too. Right now he was almost alone in the office and the peace and stillness seemed to bring the day into balance, a moment to breathe before jumping right in again the next day… only he wasn't scheduled to work the next day.
"S-Susan," She stammered, shying away from him as much as his hold would allow. He wasn't holding her tightly, but she wasn't struggling. The muscles under his fingertips quivered but didn't strain, he was leaning back with her legs and shoulders, she likely didn't feel she could protest more forcefully.
care for politics. Nor, as John had seen, did Sherlock care for the lime light. Being right seemed to be all the payment and all the motivation he needed. John would have hardly called Sherlock's pride and arrogance virtues, but in the case of assuring client discretion, they could inadvertently be assets.
"Did she?" Bryan scoffed. "Nice of her to actually remember the term for once, but you should have known that from the police report or debriefing."
John chuckled and waved to her as she reached her bedroom door. "Goodnight, Mary."
A change swept over Eva's face so quickly that Harry almost laughed. She'd long thought that Eva approached her counseling sessions like a teacher, and every time she was asked to explain something she adopted her teaching face, which was what she was doing now. She still looked like she was in pain, but she was focused on something else altogether.
"Well, at first he was normal. Well, more irritating than normal, but normal. That didn't last long, though." Greg's gaze grew thoughtful and distant as he remembered. "He worked one case for me without you there, suspected wrongful death or even murder. That was when I sent you those first texts. He ended up uncovering this near financial disaster, and I thought he was in a mood because it turned out not to be a murder, but then he wouldn't respond to any of my calls."
The room fell silent for a few long moments before Sherlock spoke again. "The police do not believe you because she's not missing."
John frowned, and stood, though his hands remained resting lightly on Sherlock's waist. John leaned forward until his cheek brushed Sherlock's and he could whisper, "I love you," into Sherlock's ear.
You can feel alone in a crowd and connected when you're all alone.
: The Heart of a Consulting Detective
John forced his attention back to the letter at hand.
John covered his mouth with his hand to smother his laughter. "Right. Of course. What happened
want to take anyone to the hospital today!"
Sherlock watched John greet his colleagues, he watched him tend to his patients, and he watched him completing his documentation. He read John's lips as he spoke, because the video offered no sound, and he watched John's hands quickly and deftly assess and sooth those in his care. It should have been tedious, but it wasn't. Sherlock felt his pulse quicken and his head spin as the neurochemicals associated with love pulsed into his blood stream.
Sherlock blinked and looked to his left. Mrs. Hudson was sat on John's armchair, sipping her own cup of tea. Between them, on the coffee table, was a tea pot, another cup with saucer, and a plate of biscuits.
John ran up to the first cabbie he saw, "Can you take me to the airport?!" he asked, half breathless from exercise and adrenaline.
"And you're going to have the bottles and syringes tested?" Mary asked.
John leaned back against the park bench and sighed. His sister was getting out of detox in three days, and he still hadn't found a residential treatment center she'd be willing to go to. He hated that hopeless, empty look in her eyes…
John slowly maneuvered himself so that he and Mr. Werner ended up walking back towards the kennels at the edge of the garden. Sherlock was grateful for the intervention. John had seemly endless patience for the nonsense of others, which left Sherlock free to focus on more important things. John turned then, and sent Sherlock a small smile over his shoulder. It was only for a moment, but it was enough to ruffle Sherlock's feathers and strengthen his earlier resolve. He did
to use your brain!" Sherlock hissed. "It's in the apartment complex that's 'under renovations.' Those renovations will never be finished because it's the perfect cover. Far enough away from home for Mr. Werner to feel safe, but close enough to make his home a decent place for storing any overflow dogs."
John continued to hum, running his hand across the top of the skull on the mantelpiece in an absent minded greeting as he made his way to the kitchen. Tea and an afternoon with a good book sounded like an excellent idea. Maybe he would wake up early tomorrow and go for a run before work.
Sherlock looked at them both askance.  "Oh God, what is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring."
"That will be all, Mr. Murphy," Sherlock dismissed him, fingers moving furiously over the keys.
John had to agree there. The cases were coming so fast now that Sherlock was actually being picky about which one's he would even consider. "And your crusade to make me, what was it you said, bitter and disillusioned?"
serve food, and he supposed they could serve cake, but the man was alone, he didn't look like he was celebrating a birthday...
John's fingers tightened on Sherlock's jaw when he tried to look away, not painful, but demanding. "Wanting isn't just about sex, Sherlock." John's tongue peeked out slowly to wet his lips. "Although I won't deny I want you physically, even when I thought you were a beta." John's gaze fell to Sherlock's lips for a moment, his thumb smoothing over the plump flesh before his eyes darted back up to Sherlock's. "But I want more than that, too."
"Hey, Harry, it's good to hear your voice."
with John.
"hmm. I
murder.
The good doctor used to suffer from nightmares frequently. They usually centered around his time in the army or, more frequently, concern for his sister. He couldn't quite place what this one had been about. Even though he had just woken up, it was fading quickly.
Greg held the phone to one ear, and used his hand to cover his other ear. All the children were currently having a sleepover at the estate, and things were a bit noisy. Currently, he was trying to work out the details of an upcoming parent-teacher conference. "No, Mrs. Miller, I'm not Laurali's father; my husband I are guardians to Nikki, Katie, Cori, and Alex Langley."
Seven and a half minutes later three police cars and an ambulance converged on the scene, which had generated a sizable crowd of gawkers. Normally onlookers were only a complication; now, however, Sherlock intended to use them to his advantage. Susan was already hyper-vigilant and jittery, glancing around nervously as adrenaline raced through her system. He needed her on-edge.
. He couldn't have let John stay,
Sherlock threw his hands into the air and began to pace erratically around the room. "
In his earlier instructions to Wiggins he'd alerted the man to look for a small tracking device in the pockets of the Belstaff, and to attach said tracking device to anyone who may accost him once Sherlock had left. It was likely that Wiggins had slipped the device along the inside of one of the dogs collars, at least that's what Sherlock hoped he'd done, the dogs were much more likely to lead Sherlock to the spider he was after. The game was well, and truly afoot now.
"I think I found him," Sherlock replied, and despite himself John smiled. Sherlock was exuberant when he was on the chase, and it was infectious.
necessary?" He hissed, still mindful of keeping his voice low. He was hardly about to ruin Sherlock's plan when the foundations of it had been so irritating to put in place.
His hands were shaking as he slid the phone back into his pocket. Facing the grate once more, Sherlock tracked Moriarty's movements while his mind raced. This very
"Guilty," John admitted sheepishly.
Did he? If so it was for all the wrong reasons.
Sherlock stared blankly at the empty space for a moment before growling in frustration and rising
Fredrick stood and met his gaze once more. "Right this way, Sir." His tone was still soft, and now John could detect a hint of sympathy in it. That sympathy made him angry. It wouldn't help him, and it wouldn't help his sister. He knew, intellectually, that it was kindly meant, but it felt suffocating. He wished Sherlock were here to deduce this too-well-put together orderly within an inch of his life.
Mary shook her head. "And you're trying to convince me that you
: Fragile Resolve
Mary grinned back at him. "You can try, but I mostly watched during my time in the United States."
John looked at the bottle and nodded, slowly. "So we're dealing with a serial killer." As his gaze shifted back to Sherlock's impassive face John's expression hardened suddenly. "You must be thrilled," he said flatly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, unmoved. "John, if I hadn't solved the case today Lestrade would've made getting the evidence I needed tedious. That and you would've complained about grave robbing until I showed you the truth."
Where his previous modesty had made confident self-presentation a trial, now it was easy. He had a smile for every person that crossed his path, a genuine one that reached his eyes. He worked hard to gain the trust and respect of everyone around him. Before he had rebelled against the seemingly heartless side of business, but now he utilized his social skills and reputation to do what had to be done and, more than once he'd had others
"What were the difficulties, specifically?" Sherlock asked after a lengthy pause from Mr. Murphy.
"But Mr. McAndrew
"And I've worked as many double shifts as you have, doctor," Mary replied, adamant in her decision. "I'll be fine."
The door was closing behind him, so Sherlock turned to face Mr. Murphy. There was a definite resemblance to the body he had recently examined. Mr. Murphy was a well defined middle age man with a well concealed thinning hairline. He sat behind his desk, and did not rise when Sherlock entered the room. Instead he glanced up from his computer and waved Sherlock over to the chair in front of his desk. This was both because of his busy schedule, and to establish dominance.
have enemies, just not ones that you wanted anyone to know about. What kind of upstanding, well-liked citizen would keep the fact of such dangerous enemies from the police? Only if they knew said enemies were too dangerous to be protected from. So dangerous that, perhaps, the only safe place is
to put pressure on his hands and knees. This was partly because of his prolonged searching and the open windows, and partly because of the poison taking a stronger hold on his body. The symptoms had continued to progress but, up until recently, his iron control had enabled him to mask them. Now he was certain that even John had seen his hands shaking.
what he was doing. Sherlock knew everything, more or less. Still, the illusion of privacy gave the ex-army doctor some solace. Sometimes John snuck away to check his PO box even when he was certain there was no letter, just to get some time to himself.
"You're in love with me, John," Sherlock replied softly, his face impassive.
John looked thoughtful for a moment before shaking his head. "Maybe. I doubt it though. You'll never believe what Sherlock suggested."
John nodded and waved, a gesture which Mary returned, and then he stepped through her door and began the solitary trek back to his motel room. He wanted to stay longer, but Mary was right. It wouldn't do to go from one undesirable situation to another. One step at a time.
this was his favorite carol, merely confirming that John's request
John gave a small grim smile. Could he never distance himself from Sherlock? Would he never be free of this specter? Did he even want to be? Right now, in his worry about Alexander, he felt he was suffocating on painful memories, but he wasn't sure he knew any other way to be. Forcing himself to focus, John realized Molly was still speaking.
happy about the job. Excitement and determination both played on John's face, and Sherlock instantly understood him. Just as he had suspected, John had sought to stabilize his life, and part of that had included securing more regular employment. It made sense. His work at the surgery had trickled down to a very limited part time schedule over the past year.
"Just water, thank you," John murmured in the most polite tone he could muster.
move!" Lestrade bellowed.
A light touch on his arm caused Sherlock to turn and he found a slender blond girl looking up at him with concerned dark brown eyes. "I can check you out over here," she said, gesturing to a customer service counter that was currently closed.
James looked up, concerned. "Can he really make those kinds of demands on your time?"
with him. It was
"I-I...um," Susan murmured, brushing her hair behind her ear and licking her lips. Her eyes darted nervously over the pavement, unable to focus on a fixed spot and unable to meet anyone's gaze.
"Is he ill?"
from a wealthy family, and William's father was certain that Ms. Evans was only looking for money and power. When Samuel learned that William had formally married Jessica, he disowned William and used his business connections to ensure that William would have a difficult time finding work. William spent the next few years working as a doctor in the United States of America, before his wife left him for some rich and powerful politician."
Wiggins nodded slowly. "Pressure's holding steady at the water front and by the warehouses. Did you see the lights they're putting up in the heart of town?"
Sherlock's gaze narrowed, but his hesitation on the threshold was only milliseconds long, and had hopefully gone unnoticed.
John shook his head. "I don't know. I don't think so. The way he was acting today, I almost think he's using again… He's almost impossible to read on a good day, and he doesn't really do
Enough time had passed that he could now move again. He had another victim slotted for death, and while her death would be quick, it would also be agonizing and personal. This would be one of the few deaths which he would administer personally. He'd been exacting about selecting this specific time, a time he was known for being on rounds throughout the hospital, so it wouldn't look suspicious that he was walking the halls. He had selected a time when staff were not scheduled or expected in the patient's room, between nursing assessments, and a time when there were mostly new residents on staff. They still had the regulation amount of practiced physicians, but the residents would be the first ones on scene and anything amiss would be easily overlooked or the blame placed elsewhere.
John considered for a moment as he watched London start to speed past them. "I don't think I've heard of it."
Greg's hands tightened on the steering wheel, but he nodded. "It's a perfectly rational line of thinking to investigate."
something would remind him of something Sherlock had said or done and he'd lose himself in the memory, if only for a moment.
Sherlock shook his head softly. "No," he insisted, "I don't want to rush this."
"Exactly, Mr. Holmes!" Mr. Miller burst out, exasperated. "I'm her best friend, and she's mine. There's
No. Why? Why now, after everything else? If Alexander... If Sherlock...If Mycroft had bad news to share, John had every fucking right to be 'not fine.' This wasn't just one death. It was the death of his best friend, the man he loved, not once, but twice...
Lauren, meanwhile, looked highly displeased. "For the life of me I will never figure out why he likes
Sherlock, who had never wanted to be possessed, or owned, felt his heart leap at John's declaration, because he knew it went
government official. But even he's not had much to go on lately. No good fraud or corruption cases, never mind a murder."
"His 'ritual' is to court his victims, to woo them, to win their hearts and, just when they've given him everything, he ends it." Sherlock made a point of looking over his shoulder at John as he spoke, underlying the disastrous love Mr. McAndrew's wives had held for him.
lucky breaks there was a 19% chance he might have started to turn the tide, but even then, it would have taken
Sherlock's grip on John's hand was firm throughout the service, and Sherlock walked beside John in the processional to the graveyard. John had at first tried to write a eulogy to deliver at the gravesite, but he found himself unequal to the task. He hadn't known Mary well enough or long enough to do her justice. Instead he focused his energies on commissioning a joint gravestone for Mary and her husband. It would be some time before it could be erected, but it would read:
Steadying himself, John ventured back out into the hallway and into the sitting room. Sherlock was seated on the sofa, the supplies John would need were laid out with precision on the coffee table. John pulled up his old chair and reached for Sherlock's arm.
A crooked grin settled on Sherlock's face. "I see a doctor every day."
Sherlock's sleeping face was flushed with the healthy color of someone at rest; and the good doctor was glad to see his fever hadn't returned. John lifted his hand to Sherlock's wrist, taking his pulse, satisfied to find it steady and strong. He wasn't sure how long he lay like that, but his guilty conscience insisted that it had to be over an hour. Still, it was an event worth committing to memory. Sherlock was almost never so still...
"So," John began, breathing the smoky air deep into his lungs, it might be carcinogenic, but he was fairly certain his mad flat mate would take more years off of his life, given time, "What's new at the morgue?"
Sherlock "hmmed" softly in confirmation. So the ring had been hers and hers alone. It was not the most likely of scenarios, but he had considered it. He had thought she was an agent of Moriarty, but she'd been working for Mycroft all along. It irritated him that he hadn't seen his brother's hand in this, but like him, Mycroft was an expert in his field. The woman smiled then, and Sherlock knew he was missing something... But what?
world's only consulting detective reached out a took a sip, letting it warm him.
Trigger warning: Car crash and injuries described. Also mentions of drug use (generally not a good idea, especially the way Sherlock does it).
Mr. McGregor paled slightly when he saw the bruising. "Well, I... I don't know. I suppose it's possible, but-"
Sherlock's panicked face flashed through John's mind and he shook his head to clear it. Sherlock had looked so much more than concerned…and John needed an explanation.
As soon as Sherlock felt the grip loosening Sherlock leapt for freedom, tearing off through the crowd. Lestrade's sharp cry and questions followed him, but he didn't care. He'd never signed up to tolerate tedium, and press conferences where nothing but. Especially the relentless questions about John. He was gone, was that so hard to accept?!
"Did you take a sample?" Sherlock asked, raising his head for the first time.
Mary glowered at him, but without real force behind it. "Sean used to do the same thing, and it's still not funny."
"Anything that disturbs one bed partner is bound to disturb the other. Surely you've seen the research?"
to worry about Sherlock, he didn't want to
"That's just the thing, no one does! When I finally got back from being kidnapped—"
Sherlock smiled when he saw the delivery truck on the far west side of the building. It was large, eighteen wheels, wide load, with a small string of people carrying boxes from the truck into what was most likely the kitchens or some other form of storage. Sherlock slipped over towards the van, approaching from the far side to maximize the cover it would offer him until he was at the back of the van. Sherlock waited until the last of the line of people had disappeared into the kitchen before stepping around the truck and lifting several of the large boxes out of it. The boxes obscured, but didn't completely hide his face, so they wouldn't look like a disguise, but most of the people he saw would look no further than the boxes in Sherlock's arms.
that Sherlock Holmes had put him through, after
Harry pressed her lips tightly together and stared morosely at their joined hands. When she spoke, at last, it was in a quiet whisper, "I don't deserve flowers, Johnny."
When Matthew gave Alfred his heart, he never expected it to be broken. Unable to ignore the painful truth, Matthew breaks off his relationship with Alfred less than a year after their marriage. Love, however, isn't finished with Matthew. In less time than he thought possible, Matthew is confronted with a choice he never thought he'd have to make...
Sara smiled, nodded, and stood. "I hope you have a good day, John."
"I..."
"Six years. I've been on the suppressants successfully for ten years." John's hand was gently rubbing Sherlock's legs now, trying to ease the tension out of him, and it was working faster than Sherlock was comfortable with.
to watch.
known about the drinking?" John asked, looking at Sherlock pointedly.
Sherlock knew behaving well wouldn't bring John back. John would never know what had just happened, and should never know, no matter how 'good' Sherlock might ever behave. He had thoroughly examined why reconciliation wouldn't be beneficial for John, and still he found his behavior altered… It
he had seen in writing that had shocked him so much. Molly, naturally, assumed it was the death certificate as a whole, that further confirmation of his loss.
this was the best thing he could do for John.
John nodded his agreement. "I'll call you."
"Her child had also been a boy, and so it was an easy thing for Victor's father to collect him from the nurse he'd been left with and present him to Mr. and Mrs. Clemons. He repeated many times how much the boys' mother had not wanted him, and how he had really been helping the child. I imagine he said as much to Mr. and Mrs. Clemons in an attempt to ameliorate his conscience."
Mary shrugged. "You never know." She turned then and fixed her gaze on Sherlock. "You'd better let me help with that," Mary said, walking over to Sherlock, who was still furiously typing away at the computer.
She had left most of the details of her funeral to John, only requesting that Sherlock be present, and that she be buried under her real name, beside her husband. Mary's letter made it clear that she had no other close ties, so John had only invited those involved in the case, excepting Mrs. Hudson who couldn't be left out because of her connection to John and Sherlock both, as well as the people who Mary had helped save. He doubted Mary would want much ceremony, but he wanted her to be remembered.
Closing the door behind his brother-in-law, John fought the urge to blush. Whether he acted like a child or not, there was no doubt that he loved his husband, and took great pleasure in sharing his name. Even after three years, he never tired of hearing it. He would feel some guilt about giving up the Watson name, but Harry and Clara, who now shared said name, were eight months away from delivering someone who would continue it.
Not only that, but John was the single most dominant example of an Alpha that Sherlock had ever met. John had brought half the Yard to their knees once with a barked command, just because Sherlock was in danger... The memory both thrilled and terrified him.
Thank you also to my flatmate, sounding board, and own personal Sherlock, Geoff. (You have no idea how often I hijack a conversation with him to work out the finer details of a plot. ^_^)
John expected an argument, but there was none, just a small pause before Sherlock turned and sat on the Sofa as he'd been bid. John watched him for a moment, frowning. He didn't
. John could deduce from the stilted handwriting and overly odd phrasing of things that this man wasn't used to being this open with his feelings or the truth of his situation. He was taking a risk opening up to John this way. It was probably foolish of him, but John felt touched that this man, this correspondent was willing to make himself vulnerable, even if only in part. John gathered many details had been left out. Probably John wasn't cleared for the details, especially since whatever mission this was, was still ongoing.
"Right, and I get stuck with the bill whenever it's convenient for you?" John groused.
faster, marginally, and, while he couldn't seem to stop hurting John, he could at least minimize John's discomfort. Mary's was in the main system now, he could tell by the pattern of her fingers against the keyboard. Determined to observe all there was, Sherlock fixed his eyes on the medical texts in front of him. There were all the usual suspects. Gray's Anatomy, the Oxford Textbook of Medicine, The Principles and Practice of Medicine, a copy of the International Classification of Diseases, Schwartz's Principles of Surgery, even The Practical Management of Pain. They were all in good condition, with little scuffs and creases on the binding that telegraphed the long hours William must have spent studying. He had taken his medical career quite seriously at one point. The Practical Management of Pain had taken a bit more of a beating than the others, the edges of the binding were actually starting to crack.
Harry was almost sobbing now her fevered breathing filling the room. "Are you saying that you are your addiction?" the counselor asked after a long pause.
Susan flinched, drawing her arms partway up to her face and hunching her shoulders as she inhaled sharply.
The couch shifted as Sherlock sat beside him and, surprisingly gently, drew John to lie back.  John went without complaint; he didn't have the energy.  He ended up  laying cradled against Sherlock with his back to Sherlock's front, and Sherlock lying back on the couch.
Sherlock smiled smugly and simply said, "No, you don't."
"Move it, Sherlock!" John ordered, pushing at his sides and back, careful to avoid pushing against the injured arm. Sherlock begrudgingly relented and slid from the car. John followed Sherlock out and then turned back around towards Anthea. "I won't be long.
are we doing here, Sherlock?!" John hissed, bristling as his insane, arrogant, manipulative flatmate took his arm and, with practiced grace, and dragged him after their waiter.
"This used to be Sean's den before it was the guest room, brown was his favorite color. I think he might have gone a bit overboard."
Sherlock gently placed his violin down on the desk, and bent to retrieve the bow. John would have been in the room already if Mrs. Hudson hadn't waylaid him at the foot of the stairs; Sherlock could hear them talking now, but he knew John wouldn't be detained long enough. Sherlock had never needed warning to brace himself before, but now he was utterly off his guard. Sherlock only had enough time to turn around before John burst through the door to 221 B.
"Yoohoo! Sherlock! Is that you?"
: Wrong
A slow, lazy smile curled on John's lips as he reach out and gently lifted Sherlock's jaw into place. His eyes darkened at the contact, and his fingers lingered in a light but possessive caress. "You have to know I've wanted you for years now," John continued, his voice growing rough with something other than anger.
"Can we talk?" Tim asked, tilting his head down the hall. There was a break room at the end of the hall that looked out over a small garden courtyard area.
When they arrived at the Royal Opera House, John paid the cabbie, helped Mary out of the car, and walked with her, arm in arm, inside the building. The floor was smooth, polished wood, and a large section of the wall and ceiling were made up of elaborately framed windows, allowing in light and highlighting the intricate architecture. White pillars rose from the floor to elaborate arches. Discreet staircases led up to the second floor where elaborate white arches that looked almost like the doors to a cathedral were spaced evenly along one wall. In addition to the windows there were lights and mirrors which added a sense of grandeur and dimension to the space. It was extravagant and lovely.
James looked thoughtful for a moment. "What do you think he's after?"
"Look out!" John cried, scrambling over the edge of the roof in a vain attempt to get to his friend in time.
?" he had snarled around the bread in his mouth.
Sherlock strode back and forth between the kitchen and the sitting room muttering to himself as he fussed over files and maps taped to the walls, connected to pictures and other documents on the wall with little red strings. It was starting to look like the madhouse of a conspiracy theorist.
Note:  The case in the chapter is also based on a Cannon Sherlock case, but you only see half the story in this chapter, the next chapter reveals the rest.  Four points to anyone who can guess correctly with only this chapter posted!
John frowned quizzically as Marcus began to empty his pockets. John saw his wallet and cell phone. Rebecca took them and then glanced at John.
. A little poison here, a different poison there; nothing too strong, just enough to make him miserable. Then he'd introduced a powerful infection. The victim had been getting so many shots and infusions it was easy to slip in the contaminated medication. He hadn't given the injections himself, but it had been all too easy to contaminate the needles after they had been prepped. Other people had likely been slightly inconvenienced because it had been necessary to contaminate multiple needles. The doses had been relatively small, but frequent enough to destroy his victims already weakened immune system. When death had finally come, it had left his victims body as wasted as his morals.
There was a collective sigh and one resident muttered a quiet but emphatic, "Damn!" which John whole heartedly concurred with. He squeezed Jane's hand once, and then reached down to lift the sheet over her head. He was pleased to see there was relatively little cleanup to attend to. The residents and staff in attendance had quickly ferreted needles into waiting sharps containers and the paper and plastic of wrapping into the bin.
John nodded patiently, not appearing at all frazzled. "The protocols the Yard has to follow can be very time consuming, but only because they never want to miss anything on an investigation. I know you want your wife back safely, that's what we all want. Right now this investigation is just in the beginning stages, and we need to make sure we're well organized. Sherlock can get a little excitable sometimes, that's probably why he rushed out here to the back garden so quickly. While they get their plan together, why don't you tell me more about your shelter? I hear it's been a fixture in the community for years."
"Do you mind if I see your shopping list?" The stranger asked, indicating the paper in John's hand.
John strode towards the door and opened it, glowering immediately upon seeing who it was. The bridge of Mycroft's nose and cheek were badly bruised, but there didn't seem to be a need for a splint any longer. John moved to close the door as quickly as he had opened it when Mycroft's hands flew up to try to stop his progress.
"You're not going mad John, I ordered for you while you were lost in thought."
Bryan huffed in irritation and strode out of the room at a pace that was almost a jog. Sherlock, unperturbed, closed the sitting room door. Bryan had halted a few paces from the door, but he had not turned to face Sherlock, and his whole body was rigid. Sherlock strolled past him at a deliberately slow pace. Only when he had reached the door of the room set aside for them and opened it did Sherlock hear Bryan's rapid footsteps. Bryan was fit and long legged so he nearly brushed past Sherlock as they entered the room, despite his silent protest of remaining by the sitting room until the last possible moment.
The owner seated them in a comfortable booth by the window and handed them their menu's. "Anything to drink this evening?"
John looked away. He'd seen many gruesome and terrible things, and had long reconciled himself to his own need for danger, but he never lost sympathy for the victims.
Sherlock had been the one to put the idea into his head in the first place. During Sherlock's penultimate case, they had researched some eastern European tradition where people stopped clocks when they heard about a loved one's death. As with most of Sherlock's cases, this trifle of information had made all the difference in closing it.
John opened his eyes and took in a deep, slow breath before replying. "She's alright." James still didn't know the details of Harry's story, and he hadn't asked. The ex-army doctor knew his friend must have a few suspicions, but he'd respectfully kept them to himself. At the same time, James had shown his support by asking after Harry every few weeks. It was an odd place to be. John had never once felt pressured, and yet he had felt quietly supported since James had first seen the pictures of Harry's roses. The quiet acceptance that followed every brief response John offered about his sister's well-being made him want to open up. It had been a long time since he'd last felt he could truly trust someone.
"Drink your tea, Sherlock."
John trudged up the stairs to 221 B with both arms full of groceries from Tesco's. He was quite tired. He'd worked at the surgery today before stopping at the store on the way home. At least he hadn't had an argument with a chip and pin machine again; that would've been embarrassing. Glancing up, John noticed Mycroft peering down the steps at him.
One hand clutched Sherlock's shoulders, and the other snaked around his waist as John maneuvered him forcefully towards the center of the large mattress. Sherlock sighed into the kiss and pressed up into John as he settled on top of him. He hadn't liked the idea of being pushed down, of feeling surrounded...but this was different. John hovered over him on all fours, pressed sinful kisses to any patch of skin he could reach, his hands caressing everywhere else. No, Sherlock didn't feel trapped, he felt treasured, his heart leaping with each kiss and caress.
comfortably without drawing off some sort of family money, or some supplemental income."
this!"
Laurali nodded, her breathing picking up. "That would be about now," she muttered, groaning softly and she folded in on herself with the force of her contraction. "Oh God…"
Sherlock grasped John's hand in a painfully tight grip and shook it once. "Excellent. I'll make a few calls, Harriet will be in Switzerland by Friday. You can set your things in the upstairs bedroom after seeing her off. We'll get started right away."
Mr. McGregor nodded. "Yes, they are on that small table to the side, there. Mr. Lestrade stated you wanted to see them." His voice trailed off as he spoke, revealing his confusion about Sherlock's request.
What was it John had written about him in that blog? Emotions are the grit in a sensitive machine? They had never been Sherlock's words, but they certainly rang true now. For the life of him he couldn't concentrate, couldn't work cases, couldn't do what he had built his life around doing.
Cool fingers against his cheek started him out of his memories before they could fully take hold. Mary's calm, sympathetic gaze held his for a moment before she spoke. "We all make mistakes, John," Mary assured him, "It's how we respond to them that defines our character."
There were roughly nine months left now, for him to solve the biggest case of his career, but they would be enough. Sherlock would make them be enough.
"If you're speaking of a physically broken and/or ruptured heart, then I must agree. There are 172 ways to die of a broken heart." He dipper her low as the song ended; she arched her head back and smiled.
"How long have you worked there?" John asked curiously.
The Detective Inspector pressed on, undeterred. "I think you
John's hand was steady with the needle, the thread slowly pulled Sherlock's torn skin back together. It was a familiar sight, but somehow it felt different this time. He hadn't really given the anesthetic enough time to sink in, but Sherlock never even winced.
"I-I did not know whom adopted my daughter, or anything about her life until recently; I thought it would be better that way. I have always been a great admirer of ballet, and made a point of seeing the Royal Ballet whenever I was in town. The dancers come to speak to me, sometimes, before or after a show. People are always seeking my company because of my ...status."
"Ah! Oooh, Sherlock!" John cried out reflexively as Sherlock massaged his muscles into submission.
She really didn't, and that was one of the things John found appealing. Sherlock was full of judgment, just not the usual kind.
She nodded and ground out something that sounded like, "Thank you" or "You'd better."
As he had done many times before, Sherlock pushed all his distractions to the background and focused on gathering data. Solving this,
Lestrade raised his eyebrows warily, but had the good sense to start presenting the facts of the case without further comment.
," John replied with a small sneer, dearly wishing he could take advantage of their position to elbow the arrogant sod in the ribs.
John had been sitting by the fireplace, eating some toast with his tea, when Sherlock stormed out of his bedroom and began meticulously studying something under the microscope on his desk. Weary of the silence that had permeated the flat between fights, John had attempted to make casual conversation.
"I never said that I didn't," Sherlock retorted, slinking out from underneath the window so that he could stand.
Not just infatuation and curiosity sparked by the incessant insinuations of others, but a deep, unyielding affection and loyalty.
Sherlock stood then, stepping forward with his hands still in his thinking position, until he was directly in front of Mr. Miller. "
"I, uh, don't really know much classical music," John confessed with a shrug.
Mary nodded and arranged the chairs from the fireside table so that John would be sitting on a sideways facing chair, and she would be sitting behind him in a forward facing chair, and thus have easy access to his back and shoulders. "Shirt on or off?" she asked as she took her place in her chair. When John hesitated she added, "It is completely up to you, John." Her eyes flittered to his injured shoulder, and in a softer voice she added, "I've seen a wide range of scar tissue in my time." A fond smile crept over her lips and he gaze grew distant. "Sean's body was littered with scars, and I used to tease him that the pattern on his back was starting to look like wings."
"That's a bit of a reach isn't it?" John asked. "Every hospital has massive amounts of cleaning supplies, and some areas need different products. It's hardly unusual to have two things in a hospital that shouldn't mix, baring the proper safely protocols are observed."
"Right." The security guard and his partner turned, and made way for the orderlies, who had listened to Sherlock's first order without question, and were wheeling a gurney into the room. Sherlock stepped back, waiting until both orderlies were completely in the room before pulling the needle from John's arm. The two orderlies transferred John's listless body from the cot onto the gurney and Sherlock followed them out of the room, passing the syringe to one of the flustered guards as he went.
Greg should have it!"
Immediately he had tried to simulate the chemicals which Ms. Hooper had indicated would relive his suffering...to no noticeable effect. He had tried prolonged doses and experimented with time release formulas until the Detective Inspector he solved cases for had come in person to assure himself that Sherlock was still alive. The dinner which this stubborn individual had then forced on him had cost valuable time...time he did not have.
A small, reserved smiled curled the edges of her lips, and Sherlock knew he had pleased her. Good. She was so shy she wasn't likely to say anything if she wasn't comfortable.
A faint smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock's lips and his eyes lifted to meet John's. "I love you too."
The grin that claimed Sherlock's face was infectious, and John was smiling back before he even knew why.
Large, strong hands grasped his shoulders, turned him around, and pressed him back into the wall. "Sherlock," John's voice rumbled, growing deeper with anger. "Look at me."
John hadn't avoided telling Sherlock out of fear of their relationship ending; he figured Sherlock knew, had known when John first started to fall. Even so, Sherlock had made his opinion clear from the very beginning. He was married to his work. Romance wasn't something he did. John had accepted that and attempted to change nothing in their relationship.
do that to John, not again.
is under control in your mind? What part of this is under control?!"
John was frightened of even giving his suspicions coherent thought, lest to give his conjecture too much energy would ensure his future devastation.
Sherlock peeled back the flaps of skin covering the chest cavity, stifling an irritated sigh as he did so. The initial cuts were already made from the 'official' autopsy the day before. The consistency and coloring of the post mortem blood in response to being cut
"How did he manage them?" Sherlock pressed.
John shook his head and repeated his assertion. "You did a good thing."
Anyone who held too much power got a bit full of themselves. Perhaps the rings served as a badge or marker of loyalty? Sherlock smirked at the thought. It could be true, the metal of those rings was almost thin enough to be spider silk.
~*~*~*~
Sherlock smirked as he strode towards his bedroom. "He's meeting us at the crime scene."
step at a time.
"Poisoned?!" John cried, looking stricken. "Is that why-"
Mr. Walker's frowned deepened. "That would be highly irregular Mr…"
"And what do you want?"
"Since I was
All the past Mrs. McAndrew's had loved their husband, and paid the ultimate price for it. The severity of such a betrayal, not once, but three times almost made John angry enough to take the matter into his own hands...almost. If there was going to be true justice, it had to come full circle; Miss. Williams must be disillusioned.
Life has a way of pointing you in the right direction, even when you don't want it to.
When John quieted, Mary resumed her work covering the mark on his neck. She leaned forward and pulled his collar back, trying to avoid getting makeup on his shirt. Some would inevitably rub off, but if she did her job right it wouldn't be noticeable and should come out in the wash. After a few more moments she leaned back, scrutinized her work and nodded. "Almost done," she declared, "It just needs to dry a bit." Without any warning she leaned forward again and blew softly on his neck.
Thanks also to my flatmate, sounding board, and own personal Sherlock, Geoff. ^_^
Molly looked hesitant for a moment, as though thinking better of what she was about to say, then said in a rush, "Because I was organizing some files earlier, and I came across his death certificate... It made me think of you."
, Mr. Holmes?" Miss. Williams retorted, lifting her chin defiantly. "I have seen only vicious rumors and slander directed at a respectable man who has suffered greatly."
John glared at the floor as the police detectives moved around him.
His last victim had been so much fun. He'd toyed with him for
One never had to wonder where one stood with Sherlock; John supposed that had become part of the appeal. John hadn't known Sherlock was aware of his feelings, but he had been, and the moment Sherlock had come to a decision he'd acted on it… John forced himself to refocus. "Thank you for meeting with me Sara. If anything opens up, please let me know.
Mary's funeral was today.
chance you have to keep those dogs safe is to be honest with Detective Inspector Lestrade." Sherlock turned and looked over his shoulder at Lestrade before standing and stepping away.
John Watson strode forward and yanked Sherlock backwards, away from that snake of a women, and into his arms. "Sherlock Holmes is mine!" he declared.
such a dome; Sherlock was just a bit of a magpie. John cocked an eyebrow and looked back to Sherlock, still doubtful. "That is for me?"
He might have said it too, if he wasn't so appalled at this heartless, merciless creature in front of him.
"Not enough data," Sherlock replied, his voice still quiet. "After I cleared Mr. Wallingford's family and business associates, I started looking into Charing Cross Hospital, but I saw nothing that seemed significantly unusual. There's always a chance someone could actually achieve subtlety as opposed to most criminals' barely concealed efforts, but before you came to me I had no proof."
It was John's turn to glare at his impossible flatmate. Still, if this was going to be a case, it was important for him to pay attention. That and the fastest way to get Sherlock moving was to play along. "Fireman's carry ,probably. I'd lean it on the railing if I could, to control the extra weight, so that I wasn't at any risk of falling over too."
on. I don't know if I-if I
She had cleaned up, she always did, despite the fact that she 'wasn't his housekeeper,' but she was getting older and had missed the smaller fragments and a slick of water that had made its way nearly under the table, just beside Sherlock's usual chair.
John paused for a measured breath, and pushed on with the rest of it. It felt a bit dangerous, being this honest with Alexander, but it felt validating too. Everyone in London was too full of "good intentions" for John to speak to them with complete honesty. Better to get his thoughts out there whilst he had an interested, if not captive, audience.
John pressed back into the mattress, keeping his eyes on Marcus, who started to kneel between John's legs once the clothing had fallen to the floor. John reached out a hand and caught Marcus's wrist, halting the movement. "No, come up on the bed with me, I want to see you."
was he going to convince him to help pay for Harry's treatment? A reassuring pat on his shoulder brought his attention back to the elderly landlady. "He'll take your case, love, not to worry."
Sherlock scanned the kennels that ringed the yard. There were nine Staffordshire Bull Terrier's, two German Shepherd dogs, and one Chow Chow. Typical, tedious, and beyond moronic.
Sherlock shrugged, twirling his water glass. "I did a little research on the computer. Nothing too interesting."
"I'm sorry I hurt you, Molly," he said quietly. She stiffened, almost gasping, and her eyes widened in shock. "Love is not really my area. Although I do not believe you love me. You are instead enamored with the idea of love, and of me. You don't need that kind of connection to be happy or satisfied, and if you can be happy as you are, you will be in a better position to form a healthy, lasting partnership."
Mr. Miller's face reddened and hardened at the same time, becoming all menacing, twisted angles. "Sod this," he spat. "You're worse than the sodding Yard!"
"How did you know?"
John let out a choked, humorless laugh. Mrs. Hudson was still convinced that he was dating her favorite tenant, and he didn't have the strength to argue with her today.
John looked up and his scowl deepened. "What are we doing
particular game, and do it well, he simply didn't care to.
John walked back towards his chair and threw himself into it in a huff. Mycroft had a lot of nerve showing up at his doorstep so soon after their little 'talk'. Was this part of his scheme to get John to forget about Sherlock? John brushed his fingers over his broken watch. Not happening. John tilted the letter in his hand, examining it. Now that he looked at it he realized it only had a fancy J emblazoned on the front. That made sense if this operatives mission was a dangerous as Mycroft had said. Anyone they communicated with would also be in danger.
Sherlock's attention, however, was focused on the door to the basement. "Take the dog," he whispered, moving to crouch in front of John, and passing Toby's leash to him.
you!"
"He didn't usually fight with your mother?"
"You're doing great," John insisted, "I can see the top of the head now." Sherlock was at his side, towel in hand.
"You have to let him go, John,"
It did not escape Sherlock's notice, however, that when John returned a few minutes later to pour
John spun to face Mycroft at last, fire in his eyes. "Whatever you do, Mycroft, you'll never get what you want."
John stopped, and released Mary from the iron grip he'd held her in. "Christ, I'm sorry."
"We should stop meeting like this," Sherlock murmured watching lazily as John massaged the ointment into his hands.
The voice in John's ear was talking again and the good doctor was nodded, his jaw clenched tight in pain.
warnings," John countered, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, wincing at the sudden pain the movement caused. "Stay still!" John admonished, staring directly into Sherlock's eyes. Slowly, John raised his torch and shined the light into Sherlock's face, then pulled it away again. At length, John nodded. "I don't think you have a concussion, or a broken nose, but you're going to have one hell of a black eye tomorrow.
John growled softly at Sherlock's ridiculous voicemail message, hung up, and rang him again. "Pick up the phone, damnit!" he muttered.
Lestrade groaned, cursed loudly, and rolled over.
"In the end, you'll be bitter and disillusioned like the rest of the world's idiots."
. This
Sherlock was staring at him, grinning like a lunatic, his eyes burning with some mad passion John didn't even
Sherlock examined the heart next. It was enlarged, and the bypass was clearly visible. The surgeon had done a thorough job. Of course by the nature of what they were, hospitals were a cesspool of, and a breeding ground for, infections, especially those resistant to treatment. Under the right conditions it would have only taken a pin prick at the right moment of vulnerability for Mr. Wallingford to become infected, especially if the tools for the bypass surgery were somehow tainted and the infection began in his heart…
John shrugged. "In a way. I was surprised no one had ever thought of it before. It's become part of the new training program for military alpha's in charge of at risk omegas. It's rare for someone who isn't a doctor to be selected anymore, I think. They want someone who's used to caring for injured people to help the training protocols sink in."
Sherlock is always there for John
John paled and nudged Sherlock hard in the ribs, so that he would turn and look. "Sherlock… that's a
John glanced over at him, a wry smile playing on his lips. "Are you telling me you can't stop yourself from picking everything to pieces?"
John returned Marcus's smirk, leaning back with the palms of his hands behind his hips. "Be my guest."
"I'll manage," John assured his landlady. And he would, too; for Harry's sake. John would do anything for those he truly loved.
"Yes, but her injuries indicate abuse over a long period of time, not an anxiety reaction," Sherlock countered back.
There was silence for a few beats as their hearts pounded and each man tried to gather his wits.
The ex army doctor hesitated for a long moment, then asked, "How do you think she's doing?"
The elder Holmes brother shook his head, and put a concerned expression on his face. "Dear me, Dr. Watson, you will do yourself some damage if you continue in that fashion. Really, you've only been down for thirty minutes; you've hardly lost any time at all.
The second wife, Tara Parker had suffered a violent and instantly fatal fall while out hiking with her husband. They had not been alone on the foot paths, and witness reported hearing Mr. McAndrew's anguished cries as he tried desperately to reach the prone body of his wife. They Yard could find no evidence of any foul play, even though the investigation had continued weeks after her death.
"When did you begin to suspect she was in danger?" John asked, trying to get the pieces of this story to string together.
"He did try to force me away from the laptop," Sherlock clarified, "and he returned after the fact, when the building was about to close."
vexing him further. And then the other man spoke.
"You're a disgrace of a brother, Mycroft," John snarled, snapping the long umbrella, which Mycroft usually carried, over his knee. "Dead or alive I will never give up on your brother." John tossed the shattered umbrella on the floor and stormed out.
John growled softly in frustration, his hands balling into fists for a moment. Sherlock had no right to say that to him! Not after everything he'd done, not after how hard John had worked to move forward. It wasn't right, and it didn't change anything! Sherlock had ordered him out, and he was bloody well staying out!
John tugged on the end of his suit jacket, trying to banish the memories of that terrible day from his mind. It had been raining, but lightly, not enough to motivate anyone in attendance to open up an umbrella, not even Mycroft. Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Anderson, Donovan, and many other people that Sherlock had helped on cases had attended. It was a massive turnout. Many people had spoken, shared stories or anecdotes about how Sherlock had affected their lives. John had been expected to speak at first, but he'd made it abundantly clear to Mycroft when the funeral was being planned that he had no intention of doing so. He couldn't, not so soon after such a devastating loss.
"I guarantee it," Sherlock assured him, stroking his thumb along the back of John's hand. "Chef Mattingly never disappoints."
John looked up, scanned the train, but nothing seemed to be out of place. This had to be Sherlock! Right? He glanced down as another text came through, not from Mrs. Hudson this time, but from...an airline?
John considered for a moment before he replied, "Well..." John hesitated. It was only autumn, but he doubted Sherlock would complain about a song being out of season. "How about 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas?'"
Sherlock and John have their first proper meeting since they separated.
"Yes, I think it will help bring things back under control. I don't think it will need to be a permanent change however. Once your body recovers from the pneumonia, then I think things will be back to normal."
do you think you're doing?!" he yelled.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him. "You want to watch?"
pain, Sherlock had expected the pain, but what made him yelp, and arch up against John was the wholly unexpected
"Drink or I'll dump it on your computer." Mary's voice was lilting and sweet and at the same time absolutely serious as she spoke.
"No, no," Greg shook his head emphatically. "I'm not trying to tell you what to do; I'm not sure I would forgive him, if I were in your place. I'm just trying to understand what happened, and letting you know everything I know or think I know, like you asked."
Mr. Werner huffed angrily and turned to scowl at Lestrade. "
go there right now. Maybe when he no longer loved Sherlock… but not now.
his boyfriend!"
there any drugs, or was that just a rumor?" John asked, edging closer to Sherlock.
Marcus parked the car in silence, and they shared a long, tense elevator ride to executive suites of Mr. Wallingford's investment firm. Everything was spotless glass, polished marble, and stainless steel. The halls were filled with immaculately tailored suits, dour looks, and the results of too much plastic surgery.
Then woman in his arms cursed softly. "I
It was time.
But what could he do? Harry had only just started the long journey ahead of her, and John had to stay for as long as was needed.
John rested his head back on Sherlock's chest, closed his eyes and 'hmmed' contentedly. "Warm," he replied. Perhaps he would normally be embarrassed being naked and in bed with Sherlock. Not this morning, however. He was more comfortable than he'd been in days and Sherlock didn't seem to mind. That was a nice thing about Sherlock, he never read anything more into a situation than there was. Last night he had climbed naked into bed to keep John warm without a second thought. Now, well, if he wasn't equally warm and comfortable he was at least content to let John remain so.
It was starting.
His mother's expression darkened. She was almost never angry, but when she was, she was more fearsome than anyone Sherlock had ever seen, Mycroft included. "Stay here, sweetheart," she said with deceptive softness. "I'm going to fetch the first aid kit." Standing, she rounded on her heel and stormed up the stairs. "
Mary's smile softened, becoming markedly more poignant. "No, I haven't flirted in a long time."
It couldn't
"I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do. If you want to go on as we have, we can. If this makes you uncomfortable we don't have to continue to be flatmates." John smiled when Sherlock's grip tightened around his hand. "Or we could be something more." John paused and licked his lips, his nerves showing through. "I mean, everyone and their mother already thinks I'm your boyfriend... It would be nice not having to correct them."
"John, please," Sherlock panted against John's lips.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to and/or bookmarked my story. It makes my day to see your reactions to each chapter.  ^_^ I hope you enjoy this next installment!
Thank you to everyone who left me a comment; I love hearing what my readers are thinking! Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
~*~*~*~
"Mr. Holmes,
"Let me know if anything hurts or pulls in a bad way," Mary said softly, but firmly, as she lifted her hands to John's shoulders.
Dangerously close, and so far...
Was Sherlock...?
, probing and invading every part of him, teasing, but never quite reaching his prostate.
Before he had a chance to second guess himself Sherlock turned in his arms.  John looked up and met a smiling pair of blue/gray eyes.
Thank you to all those who left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story; you're support is a huge motivation!
Greg's expression sobered immediately, and he nodded slowly. "Alright, what about Sherlock?"
He shouldn't waste anymore of his thoughts on Sherlock today. After all, this building had far more pleasant memories associated with it since he'd met James. John hesitated, uncertain if he wanted to disturb the other man or not... Well, James was his friend, and this wouldn't be the first time he had been a safe harbor to John, away from the storm that was Sherlock Holmes...
"You're needed," John insisted, even though he knew Greg wouldn't follow. That made it all the more imperative that he find his way back to Sherlock. Whatever he was facing, John wouldn't let him face it alone.
At last, dawn broke, and a weak, gray light started to creep into Accident and Emergency through the windows. It was time to go home, and yet John found himself once again hovering on the edge of the examination area where Emily had died… He and the other staff had done an excellent job overnight, and there was no patient in this particular area at the moment. There was just the bin and the sharps container…
While I wrote "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling," I was unemployed. That was the major stressor in my life at that time. I feel dumb for complaining now because, as frightening as it was, I had so much fun with that story. Looking back, I wouldn't change it for anything. After I finished "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling," several things happened which have delayed my return to writing. All these things, mind you, happened AT THE SAME TIME:
"He asked me to leave." The words were clipped as anger and resentment resurfaced.
John's eyes flickered up to Sherlock's for a moment then he looked away again. There was a warmth in Sherlock's eyes that John had always thought was there, but now it was so easy to see it was suffocating. This was an act. It
The door to the lab opened with a jerk, and two sets of footsteps hurried inside. Sherlock recognized the lumbering gate of Mike Stamford instantly, and knew that they had to be coming for him. Ever since the soft-hearted fool had overheard is ill-timed words to that idiot, Anderson, he had developed the nasty habit of bringing him people in desperate need of money. The sob-stories were grating and annoying, especially now that he didn't have time for them.
No one would do it for him.
simple, but simulating how it grew and matured was not. If he could do it at all, it would cost him more time than he had. It was a year after he was first injected when he returned to solving cases with renewed gusto. By that time he had only one year left, and he had to make it count. He did not expect to be greatly remembered for the work that he had done; he just wanted the satisfaction of winning the game.
Sherlock's mouth worked open and shut for a few moments, but no words came. He looked at Mycroft, then at John, then down at his good hand which John had once again covered with his own. A small, disbelieving smile crept over Sherlock's face.
"Good Morning," Sherlock said warmly, a smile spreading across his face and merry crinkles forming at the edges of his bright blue eyes. "It's so nice to have some mild weather isn't it? Perfect for weeding."
"Lift up, John," Sherlock murmured and his hands grasped the clothing at John's waist. John struggled to comply. It must have been enough because he felt his trousers and pants come away. Sherlock must have already gotten his socks and shoes.
Sherlock's heart jumped in his chest, and his skin flushed with genuine warmth for the first time in a long time. "You, John. I want you," Sherlock murmured, watching an infectious smile bloom across John's face. John leaned forward, his breath ghosting across Sherlock's face, and sealed their lips together in a kiss. Their joined hands pressed into the pillow beside Sherlock's head as he leaned up into the kiss, parting his lips and meeting John's tongue with his own.
John huffed and looked out the window, at once appalled by this man's unspeakable arrogance, and awed by his brilliance. He shook he head, covered his mouth with his hand for a moment, then turned back to face Sherlock. As much as he didn't want to admit it, he was impressed. "That, was amazing," he replied haltingly, unable to keep the words back.
: Dangerous Affection
"I've known Sherlock a long time," Lestrade murmured, more somber now. "He's...Things haven't been easy for him, and those are just the things I know about." Greg sighed and kicked at the dirt. "He's a good man, always has been. I just hope one day that he'll be a happy one."
with her. Desperately so. He only would have gotten in the way. No, he's done his job, and now it's time for me to start doing mine."
"Then you don't know that for sure," John countered.
"Narcan, doctor Watson," Janet called, holding the filled syringe for John to take.
It was John's turn to stand now. As much as Sherlock may have wholly deserved this animosity, John wasn't about to let it come to blows without taking action. Thankfully, once he had spat in Sherlock's face, Mr. Miller turned sharply, and stomped out of their flat. John watched him go until he heard the front door slam violently.
The irony of the music was not lost on him. This piece in particular was full of longing, despair and, at the end, hope. Hope seemed like a very foolish thing to have at the end of this piece, considering that, in most interpretations at least one of the main characters, often both, died. Still there were very few endings of this ballet that didn't allude to the lovers being reunited, even if both were dead and came together only in the afterlife.
buy me dinner."
"You insult me and everything I value at every turn, you drag me into some idiotic test of wills hoping to break my spirit, you keep me up at all hours, you
have what he needed. He could try a medical supply store, but if he was going to have a safe place for Harry to land once her treatment was complete, he really needed to save every bit of his pension that he could. "What is that blasted idiot going to do with a size twenty three scalpel anyway?" John muttered, looking fruitlessly over the shelves once more.
John stood, left his mug in the sink, and carried the letter to his desk. He winced unexpectedly as he sat down, and he blinked at his leg in confusion. His psychosomatic pain
John pulled clear when the nurse called out and anxiously watched the heart monitors…nothing. "I'm calling time of death," John announced clearly, then glanced at the clock once more, "10:38am."
James shrugged and turned half away. "Well, You've been spending more and more time with him lately." He turned his head back and looked at John meaningfully. "It seems like you need less time away from him, and then when we are together, you don't..." James paused for a moment and licked his lips as though he was struggling to find the right words. "You don't even complain about him anymore."
dead wives before you!" Sherlock roared, surging to his feet as his control finally snapped. "Are you so eager to be the fourth?!"
"Our best chance would be to examine motive," Sherlock forced himself to say, looking at the bottle in his hand I have access to the employee files, which will help gather evidence for any possible profiles."
"The car is just this way," Marcus explained, gesturing to the parking garage as they went. Marcus barely had time to unlock the doors before Sherlock slipped into the front seat. Assistants and drivers where used to their clients begin in the back. Someone in the front usually unnerved them. Marcus, however, was perturbingly unphased. He slid in beside Sherlock with another friendly grin and made quick work of putting the car in motion. He didn't ask questions, or offer conversation as though he could already tell it would be a waste of time.
Sherlock, meanwhile had stepped away from Mr. Werner, and begun to circle the back garden, strolling casually in front of each cage. The Chow growled at him, and many of the others eyed him warily. When he reached the fifth Staffordshire Bull Terrier, a gray one with white patches on his toes and chest, Sherlock paused. The dog lay almost motionless, its hind legs tucked up in a sphinx position, and its head resting on its paws. It looked up at him through squinted eyes, then screwed it's eyes shut.
Sherlock wanted to...but he couldn't. Instead he licked his lips and murmured, "What makes you so sure?"
survive without water, trust me, I've checked up on all the research." There was no reply, or even a sound of distain as Sherlock carefully reviewed…whatever it was that he was reviewing. John waved an unseen and unacknowledged goodbye, and headed out the door.
John forced his mind away from such maudlin topics. It wouldn't do anyone any good. Instead he forced himself to focus on Mary, and found her staring at the fireplace mantle. John followed her gaze to a picture, it was of her wedding day. She stood beside her groom with a radiant smile reminiscent of the joy he had just recollected on Harry's face. Her husband, Sean, wasn't staring at the camera, he was smiling fondly at her. He was a tall man with dirty blond hair and blue eyes.
John turned the letter over in his hands, thinking. Fine. He could always use it for kindling later and no one would be the wiser. Grabbing one of Sherlock's old letter openers off the desk John made short work of the seal.
The world's only consulting detective cocked an eyebrow at him. "Not
"How did it go?"
"Agreed. I'm not sure what he was playing at. I refused him, and not just because I didn't trust him; his offer went against my principles."
Mary smiled when she felt the contact and for a few moments they were silent, listening to the fire crackle.
It was so foolish, reckless, dangerous... Perhaps if things had been different, if he wasn't dying... If he wasn't hastening his own death by doing everything in his limited power to draw an enemy that might just be his intellectual equal out into the open instead of laying a more calculating and time consuming trap... But even if that were true, Sherlock would still be himself, and he didn't have... friends.
"Alright, Mrs. Aster," John said, adjusting his stethoscope to hang comfortably on his neck once more. "It looks like you're on the mend. I am going to add some nebulizer medications to your daily routine for the next two weeks, at least."
John let out a heartfelt groan as he felt his muscle finally give way to Sherlock's insistent touch.
If this really could be the end, there was no point in holding back. He owed Sherlock so much more than this, but this was all he had. The muscles in his throat eased, and air made its way into his lungs.
Greg never received a reply, but Lestrade wasn't quick to panic. He knew that reigning in Sherlock Holmes when he was on the scent was more than a full time job, it was damn near impossible...
to date again...but that was an existential crisis for another day. Just like he'd written to Alexander, one thing at a time.
"Well, there's a first time for everything." She began glancing around the room herself, but in a more organized, less awed fashion. "Didn't you say your patient was coming tonight as well? Do you see her?"
Sherlock sighed softly, feeling his trousers start to slip down his long legs while John's hands explored his chest, his hips, his bum, and his slowly hardening cock. John pulled away from his neck, slowly circling until he was face to face with Sherlock. Sherlock blinked dazedly at him and reached for John's jumper. In an instant it joined Sherlock's shirt on the floor.
"Not the way we're going to question them." Sherlock glanced at the clock. "Speaking of which, we'd better get going before Lestrade gets here."
arrived on scene. "We're in here!" Sherlock called to them, and they stormed into the bedroom.
Sherlock settled himself in for the long haul. His fingers danced along the keyboard, typing, scrolling, and coaxing his way deeper inside the machine. Each layer brought more promise, more pieces of the whole. Mr. Wallingford's firm was in trouble, had been in trouble for a long time... Measures had been taken, attempts had been made to shore up in a harsh market... but there had been outside pressure to expand beyond what their means had been at that time. Risks had been taken at a critical moment when the company was already over extended. Loans were secured, favors were called in, and the looming destruction of the company continued to gain momentum. Mr. Wallingford had created this windowless, sequestered space for his last efforts to forestall disaster. If he'd had more time and some
Sherlock strode around the table, took a seat, and opened the laptop.
John comes face to face with a truth he can't ignore, while desperately trying to deny another.
Sherlock's hand fumbled for the door knob, sliding his legs along John's and back to the floor again as he found it, and turned it. They stumbled into the darkened room and fell together on the bed. John smiled against Sherlock's lips, then chuckled softly as they squirmed their way to the center of the bed.
Over the course of the night John learned that Nikki was a violinist and was very concerned about her injury affecting her playing once it was healed. John had reviewed her x-rays with her personally and assured her that while the fractures were severe, and may at one point require surgery, that she should be able to make a full recovery. She was young and strong, and both of those things would work in her favor. John had reviewed the recovery time she could expect while in a cast, and afterwards. He had noted the benefits of physical therapy, and discussed pain management techniques that could be helpful if surgery was needed.
Sherlock tore himself away from the windows and reached for his phone. His hands were still shaking and he forced himself to take deep, measured breaths, trying desperately to control his transport.
He had located Elzbieta with unexpected ease. Laurali had nearly dislocated her own wrists to free herself from her bonds, and then had made short work of the ropes securing Elzbieta. They had just begun debating their next move when Sherlock, having rendered their guard unconscious, entered the room. Elzbieta was nearly beside herself with panic, whereas Laurali appeared calm and focused. She quickly, and more kindly than Sherlock could have managed, shushed her friend.
"More people will be after you, then?" Greg asked, leaning forward in his seat.
John blinked and shook his head, certain that he had misheard. "Come again?" he asked.
And he did know. Love, and the work involved in growing love, making it last, had never been a mystery to Sherlock. He'd just never seen the point in trusting someone like that. People are flawed, and they will disappoint you. He was a prime example. He disappointed everyone. He was sarcastic, rude, and as blunt as a falling tree. And he'd hurt John...
Begrudgingly, and reluctantly, John moved away from the examination area where he had been loitering. The main crisis of the night might be over, but there were still many patients that needed tending to. John knew he was certainly not the kind of doctor who foisted his work off onto other people.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
"I am ready to see your rubbish bin now, Mr. Brenton!" Sherlock yelled across the garden, cutting John off.
"And that's important because...?"
Greg's fists clenched and he looked pointedly at the wall above Sherlock's head for a count of ten before he replied, "Are you going to abide by the law, or aren't you?"
, before she had a seizure. John made the call with the brisk efficiency that had served him well in the service. Harriet's spasming gentled at last, and she was able to pull back from the toilet, gasping for breath. "They'll be here soon," John soothed, using his cane and the wall to slide into a sitting position next to her.
Sherlock stilled for a moment, but didn't turn his head to meet John's steady gaze. At length he said, "I don't have friends, John. Not only are they tedious, but in my line of work they are a liability."
he was dead, he'd seen the body. Even so he couldn't stop himself from imagining what it would be like to learn that Sherlock had lived, as Alexander's family might learn he still lived and had only disappeared to protect them. John would be
John glanced down at the table for a moment, shaking his head. "I don't know. Something that links back to old cases, maybe? He could think it links back to a number of old cases, actually, that would explain why he's dragged out probably every case file he has."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he watched, mentally reviewing the labyrinth all around him. Moriarty wasn't alone, yet, and Sherlock knew little of the person with him, other than that they were male, likely physically strong, and also likely to be a trusted second in command. Still, he had the advantage of surprise for the moment and he wanted to use it wisely. Moriarty was right, Sherlock didn't have long to live. It might be days or hours now, Sherlock had pushed that data out of his mind the instant he had gone to ground. Still, it would be enough. He would make sure it was enough. Neither himself nor Moriarty would walk away from this particular game alive. All he needed was the right opening...
Marcus rocked against John, writhing in the double sensation of John inside him and John's fingers around him. John's thumb slid up his shaft and pressed on the glands just as John thrust into him. Marcus moaned loudly and cried out, "Again! Yes!" John repeated the action, feeling heat pool in his own abdomen as Marcus's internal muscles started to twitch around him.
Every city had its layers, especially the old ones. While people were concerned with aesthetic appeal on the surface, underneath it was all about practicality. When structures weren't needed and leaving them be caused no structural concerns, they were abandoned. When construction from one project met another, previously abandoned section, the older section was subsumed and anything that could be re-used, such as tunnels, supports, and even building material, often was. The result was an intricate web of underground passageways that left most cities, London included, as accessible from underground as above ground, sometimes even more so.
John let out a shocked huff of air as his heart stuttered in his chest.
Sherlock could hear the fabric of Mr. Murphy's suit ruffle in a shrug. "The usual things. We had one of our top brokers take a three month medical leave. Two others gave notice, about a month apart. Mr. Wallingford suspected they were going to strike out on their own, try to form a rival company."
When he was finished cleaning the dishes and wiping down the counters John dried his hands and strolled back into the living room. Mary was still lounging on the sofa, her now empty wine glass set on a bookshelf beside her for the moment. She turned to smile at him. John smiled back and lifted his arm to try to rub some of the soreness out of his shoulders that had lingered from his long shift, and had then been compounded by the dishes.
The plane lurched into the sky and he felt his heart sink with more than the weight of gravity. He had done it. He had really done it, and because he had chosen love over money, his father might never speak to him again...
"He was," Mary agreed, dabbing discreetly at her eyes. "He had a bit of a hero complex, but I loved him for his kind heart. If he felt like he could put something right, there was never any stopping him."
"I'm sure," John replied, smiling as he gently patted her back.
"You as a person?" The counselor pressed. "Do you mean you were violent?"
John fought the urge to look up at his flatmate, instead leaning forward a bit more, as though studying the board. He wasn't sure how he'd ever managed to convince Sherlock to play chess in the first place. Since he'd found out about Sherlock's illness, John had made a point of regularly checking his flatmate's vitals, as well as insisting on dinner every other day, when they weren't on a case, that is. The only way anyone could force Sherlock to do anything while on a case was for John to bodily dive tackle him out of the most immediate danger. Anything else was beyond impossible, and John knew how to pick his battles.
Mike, "hmmed" thoughtfully, frowning into the distance. "Well," he said at length, "I do know of a way to possibly gain as much as five thousand pounds at once, with no financial risk to yourself, but…"
"Your date did not go well?"Angelo asked, suddenly at James's elbow once more.
John nodded and smiled. "Thanks, he doesn't really believe in 'breaks' once he gets started."
"Precisely," Sherlock cried, jumping back into a seated position. "And the body would impact the roadway sideways! Let's go see Lestrade before he bollixes this case up more than he already has." Sherlock lept from the couch with seemingly boundless energy and reached for his coat.
Mr. Murphy took a step back. "She's not an official employee!" He insisted.
"John Watson?" John saw the additional questions brimming behind the man's eyes. He heard them a lot, especially since Sherlock and he had ended their…association.
." He hissed softly in righteous indignation before declaring, to no one in particular, "I will
"No rush," Mary assured him. "Whatever you want to do is fine."
"Come, John," Sherlock replied, in a much calmer tone, from the second floor. The ex-army doctor rolled his eyes and moved up the stairs to join his crazy flatmate. He found the world's only consulting detective, hunched over a computer in what appeared to be a home office, typing furiously at the keyboard. John leaned over his shoulder, pressing in close so that he could see. There was no danger of making Sherlock uncomfortable, he was too focused on his work, and he didn't seem to have any need for personal space.
"It's ironic that you came in today," Molly said, breaking in on John melancholic reverie. John turned to face the young morgue assistant with a puzzled look on his face.
!" he insisted, hands balled into tight fists at his sides. He whirled on Greg. "What proof does this man have?! Nothing! Peter was my oldest and dearest friend, and I will
know that." John was getting irritated now.
Molly's lips quirked and she shook her head. "Sherlock, would take advantage of it." John huffed a laugh, which brought a more genuine smile out of the young morgue assistant. She jerked her head towards the exit. "Come on, let's wash up and grab some tea."
"Not for gunfire at this address," Sherlock sighed, draping himself over the sofa. "Not unless I call them, that is."
There were many hesitation marks and scribbles after Harry's greeting, as though she didn't know how to begin.
"I don't think I'm in much danger of that," John assured her. If anything he needed the work for his own sense of well-being. He was still in danger of having too much time to think, especially if Sherlock could creep into his mind so often during one interview.
had he just signed up for?
"If you think I'm letting you out of my sight, ever again, you are fucking
Laurali returned his smile, and then nestled further into Sherlock's side.
John turned around to face him. "Pardon?" His voice and face were carefully neutral, but he suspected his nervousness had been detected anyway.
This new, calm,
Sherlock smirked, and then began walking, John close at his heels. By the time they were on the streets, John could hear Sherlock chuckling quietly. "Send the Shitzu after us," he murmured, amused. "Some small dogs are quite determined, but
I obtained not one, but two new jobs,
Tim nodded and focused on his breathing for a few moments before speaking again, this time slightly louder. "He never had a chance. There was such massive internal bleeding… He was vomiting blood everywhere and spasming…" Tim swallowed hard and stared pointedly out the window into the garden. He was silent for a few long moments before he whispered, "They're going to kick me out…"
" George died in a car accident three days after I visited the Trevor household," Sherlock replied, gathering up the papers as the story wound down. "As far as I know they were never blackmailed again."
"Which is why you can't even remember that her preferred name is Nikki, and not Nichole," Sherlock replied, stepping into Mr. Walker's personal space, as he continued to block the way into his office.
"John."
should have been in that section of the archives..." Molly ran her fingers nervously through the end of her ponytail as she talked, and John doubted it was for fear of being scolded for untidy paperwork. She was afraid for him. If he was honest, he was a little afraid for himself some days...
, Ms. Hooper. If I am the first person to acquaint you with that fact, then your education has been quite overdue…" Her nails dug into the fabric of his suit when he turned away again, following Arthur's movements once more.
about someone, maybe even loved them.
For his own sanity John had looked at those texts as little as possible, and had deleted the voicemails before he could even listen to them. Sherlock had survived for years without John, John's absence could hardly mean so much to him now, especially since he had dismissed John so easily.
A flash caught Sherlock's eye, and he noticed a thin, very plain looking woman tap Ms. Adeline on the shoulder. She was obviously an assistant or secretary of some kind. It was her wedding band that had caught the light as she lifted her hand. It was as plain as she was, but it glimmered strongly in the light of the room. Someone was satisfied with their marriage, for now anyway. Given her lack of all other jewelry and well-kept but second hand clothing, it wouldn't last . Marriages with financial strain never did.
John leaned back and strong-armed himself into a calmer state of mind before he continued his letter. It had been more emotional than he thought it would. He needed a break. With a somewhat steady hand, he changed topics.
John shifted to sit properly at his desk and took out a piece of paper. The letter Alexander had sent him was hand written, John felt like he should return the favor. No one hand wrote letters anymore. No one took the time. As he listened to the rain against the window, John wrote:
: Belied
Eva cringed a bit before adding, "I definitely felt mine. I don't know what it's like for other people, but it felt
I want to give a big thank you to everyone you has left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  Your support and encouragement make my day!  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
221 B was
John frowned and looked over at his flatmate who was elbow deep in soot and other debris. He hadn't even looked up when before he'd scolded John. "I didn't say anything."
Sherlock wouldn't even looked at him as he answered, his head was lifted and his eyes were scanning the street while his stride gobbled up the pavement. "I left some notes on the table; it would be highly inconvenient if they sent the Yard after us. Lestrade doesn't need the exercise that badly...yet"
Sara frowned at him and tilted her head to one side. "That hasn't been very successful in the past, John. I thought that was why we reduced your hours in the first place."
"He's a giant two year old drama queen with an unhealthy need to be the center of attention, if only so he could shut everyone else up," John replied in a rush, rolling his eyes.
Mycroft, or rather Mycroft's team had come barreling into the small office where Sherlock had made his discovery, taking over the site. Sherlock had been put out that it had come to that, but not as much as he would have been if he thought there was still a solid lead to follow.
John scanned the apartment for any stray experiments, or anything else he might want to avoid, and gave a little start when he found Sherlock Holmes asleep on the sofa. Sherlock. Asleep. The two words just didn't go together. Sherlock
need to bring his mind back to Sherlock.
By the end of dinner, John's joy had fizzled into frustrated confusion. He still didn't know what the plan was-
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his heart pounding in his ears as his free hand, the one not still held by his blogger, came to rest ineffectually on John's shoulder. This was... He should... push John away, but... Sherlock felt the first tentative touch of John's tongue against his own, when the sharp trill of John's ringtone forced them apart.
The crowd was small, and they all turned to face him as he made his way down the aisle towards the coffin. Mycroft and Greg were there towards the back, Molly, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson were clustered together a few pews down. Molly, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson hadn't really known Mary, Mrs. Hudson had never even met her, but they knew John, and had come to offer their condolences.
"Let me see," Eva insisted, her frown deepening as she crossed around behind the desk, and bent to look at the screen.
Sherlock's reply was rapid fire, as though he was reciting from memory, and couldn't get it out fast enough. "Your maid is young, and what some might consider attractive. Just after your wife had a baby, and would likely be 'unavailable' for her usual wifely duties, the site of Camilla must have come as quite a
John reached forward and gave Mary's hand a squeeze, trying to show his support. "Well, if it puts your mind at ease, I promise I won't rush the stage and try to slay Rothbart or the black swan when they make their appearances."
him." The silence that followed was so thick and menacing that John was certain he'd have to break up a fist fight.
Sherlock had noted before, how astute Nikki was at reading emotions. Her practice undoubtedly came from trying to anticipate the sometimes violent mood swings of her alcoholic father. As such, he was not surprised when the smile fell from her face the moment she saw him walk into rehearsals.
in his jacket pocket. That was what he had found in Ms. Adeline's hiding place. It was empty, but the message was jarring. Was this some veiled reference to his cursed poisoning? How? Molly had worked alone; there was no evidence to the contrary. Stranger still, as he had turned the syringe around in his fingers, examining it, his phone had rung. He'd snatched at it in a hurried attempt to silence it, and stopped cold when he saw the name on the phone.
The ex-army doctor frowned and looked away, starting to feel uneasy. Nothing about this situation was right, and he was starting to think...
John sighed softly, pulled on his own gloves, and replied. "I suppose I do too."
Mr. Murphy stared at Sherlock for a long, hard moment before replying in a low voice, "Yes, I have just the thing." He stood, walked around his desk, and left the room.
Sherlock scoffed, waving one hand dismissively towards the street. "That poor sap is in
Sherlock turned his head away so that John wouldn't see his fleeting smile, even though John was still looking at Mary's grave. Trust John Watson to ask about his health, even after everything that had happened. "No. I was planning to take them out myself," Sherlock murmured in reply, turning his now serious expression back towards John.
John blushed. He thought he was too old for blushing but he'd never exactly pictured this scenario before, either. "Yes," he said, looking pointedly at the ceiling.
"Our ride? What, did you call us an Uber?" John spat, his exasperation rising. He wasn't really angry, but anger was one of the few emotions that felt safe at the moment.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, it was
Sherlock looked away for a long moment before finally turning back to John. "Tonight a man named Travis is going to attempt to reconcile with a former lover of his. I may have given Nikki directions to the closest street corner where this is likely to occur. It happens to be approximately halfway between here and that flat she's renting from you. It seemed like a good opportunity to rest her arm a bit, but also keep up her exercise."
Sherlock brought a hand up to his nose to staunch the bleeding, keeping his head tilted forward so the blood wouldn't drain down his throat while he blinked away the reflexive tears his eyes produced. He was about to move to the windows to watch John go when he was startled by a hand on his shoulder. He looked up and found Mary frowning at him in concern. After a moment she said, "It's not broken."
John smiled at his memories, because they only proved him correct. His friendship with Sherlock had made him a better, more complete person. He even dared to hope that his friendship had been equally beneficial to the world's only consulting detective. With a thoughtful sigh, John refocused his attention once more on the letter in front of him.
He was saved from the necessity of a carefully diplomatic response, however, when a low hissing brought their attention to the wood paneling on the left of the fireplace. One section of wall was sliding up, assisted by thick, pale fingers.
made his own bed, though and he would need to make his peace with that now.
Sherlock thought of her obvious intentions to facilitate reconciliation between himself and John and murmured, "I'm not so sure about that."
Soft, warm lips met his own and John pressed up against them, steadying himself with a hand on James's hip. John felt James's hand cup his cheek, holding him in place. John parted his lips and traced the seam of James's mouth with his tongue. James's hummed in pleasure for a moment before meeting John's tongue with his own. There was no battle for dominance, just the slide of warm wet muscle, a mingling of breath, and affection.
John sucked in another breath, squeezing his eyes shut so tightly it hurt. He was trying to regain his composure, trying to block out the truth...and then Sherlock's voice came again, warm and soft in his ear.
He had seen Sherlock act, he knew the world's only consulting detective was convincing... Sherlock had certainly been calculating during every case and in their early weeks together as flatmates, but somewhere along the way the vitriol had seemed to go out of him. John thought he had been cautious. He thought he had figured Sherlock out...
"Right, sure," John agreed, walking past her to the cabinets which held the dishes, the silverware, and glasses. Once he had two of everything he needed, he headed out of the kitchen and towards the table by the fireplace. He'd learned early on that the small table in the kitchen proper was mostly for breakfast, and lunch on the weekends. Mary was organized but not to the point of obsession, and John was grateful beyond measure that he'd not once had to cope with a body part in her kitchen. Of course, only Sherlock Holmes would ever do that, but still, John had come to expect Sherlock's eccentricities.
her. Had his opinion changed with his correspondence?
"Maybe not when he's on a case, and not when he's using drugs, but there was no case, and as far as Mycroft knows there were no drugs either. No experiments, no nothing. He was just…." Greg shrugged, at a loss for words.
Laurali heaved herself onto the bed, in what had once been Sherlock's room, grunting with the effort to get comfortable. "I hope that's the case," she grimaced, "because I really think you're about to deliver this baby."
John let out a long, slow sigh. "Maybe he thinks he can get away with cigarettes, but if he tries anything else recreationally the Detective Inspector he works with most often will make it difficult for him to work cases."
Eva nodded. "Terrible timing, I'm so sorry. We have one of the most up-to date electronic medical records in the world. It has its own bugs like everything else, but this is unprecedented."
"Good," John murmured, closing the gap between them at last.
John frowned because he knew Sherlock was right. His body was littered with many scars, some thin and silver, others darker and more obvious. None of them were as dramatic as John's old bullet wound, but they compensated in sheer number. "Why did you do this, Sherlock?" John asked, dipping the towel in the warm water, and lifting it out again to wash Sherlock's laceration. "Why were you in such a panic? What does the man who screamed have to do with the case?"
John sighed, his warm breath momentarily warding off the chill around his face. What was he going to do then? When Sherlock had evicted him, John had focused on the next logical step. Secure temporary housing, search for more stable housing, and work to further his medical career. Now…now everything seemed so muddied…
A brief smile flittered on Sherlock's features and was gone. When Wiggins spoke of the water front and warehouses he was referring to the drug trade, the black market, and gang activities. The lights was a reference to all the helpful tips the Yard was suddenly getting. His team was at work, expanding and applying as much pressure as they could, but they couldn't do it all.
Mary smiled again. "Yes. I have a free bedroom in my flat and I thought dinner would be an easy way for you to come take a look."
There was movement now, soft footsteps on the stone until a trim, dark haired woman with an aura of elegance and authority strode into his field of vision. Sherlock squinted in the dim light, fighting the violent urge to curse his own stupidity when she lifted her hand to adjust her blouse and the thin platinum band on her left hand flashed brightly with the movement. "Double the security until then?" She asked.
John sighed exasperated as Sherlock closed his door. He knew this meant
"Right, sorry. I guess it's been a while." John replied, unnerved by his own thoughts. He forced himself to contemplate the future. "I
John frowned in thought. He
For better or worse
Before he could get there he was intercepted by Tim Hawthorne, one of the residents on rotation. His face was drawn and pale, and John came immediately to attention. "What's wrong?"
Once his hands were clean, Marry handed him a bag of vegetables and directed him to the cutting board, which rested just beside a block of knives, close enough to the sink for any refuse to be run through the garbage disposal.
At last the questions were over and Eric was standing, smiling, and holding out his hand for John to shake. John shook it, smiling back.
"I do know, and I'm fine," Sherlock insisted, though his voice sounded weak even to his own ears. He could feel the breaks, but he knew his internals were fine...it must be the poison... what timing.
"How, exactly did she manage that?" John sputtered his concern rising. "She's not family-"
to be guilty of something. Her companion meanwhile was stone faced, his frown only increasing every time Sherlock turned his dazzling smile towards him.
The world's only consulting detective shook his head and bit back a curse. He should've realized when he saw the article about the excavation for the sky scrapers and the artifacts they had found there... Hell, Mr. Dwight was probably involved in shipping the damned things into the country so they could be planted at the site of the soon-to-be skyscrapers, thus "legitimately" found and sold.
for every idiot in need of a few pounds to come crawling to my door. It's interfering with my
A company this large and prestigious, with such a long history... well, if it wasn't managed right it could precipitate a serious financial crash. Mr. Wallingford's firm was not the only firm, but all the largest and most influential firms were connected, and the ripple effect would be disastrous...
John's emotions interfering with his work.
"Thank you," Sherlock replied distractedly, still perusing their programs.
Sherlock knew Mycroft would become concerned, just as Sherlock's occasional drug use concerned him, but controlled usage is not usually fatal, and abstinence is not immortality. Likewise Sherlock saw no real detriment to his accessing the security cameras. It hurt, and it also helped him concentrate. If ever his concentration waivered he only needed to look up, or to cross the room to his laptop to see that John was safe, assuming of course that John was working. It hadn't taken Sherlock long to memorize John's usual shifts, but he still checked regularly for sudden adjustments.
~*~*~*~
Sherlock shrugged. "My objective was time sensitive."
John felt compelled to add:
Greg resisted the urge to clap Sherlock firmly on his injured shoulder. "Alex sprained his ankle playing football, again.," he explained.
"Fair enough," John replied, flipping through the channels to see what he could find. There was a Black Adder marathon on channel 30. John didn't need to ask to confirm that Sherlock had already known that. He'd probably memorized the schedule. One never knew when a would-be criminal would use the wrong programming schedule as an alibi.
Nonplussed, Sherlock slipped his arm around John's linking them at the elbow. "Have a little decorum, and
John concentrated very hard on his breathing as the music started. He'd spent the last two weeks processing the loss and everything that meant for him, but the finality of the moment was powerful. Sherlock shifted beside him as though he might slip away to a different pew, but before he could John's hand reached out and snatched Sherlock's sleeve, keeping him fixed in place. Sherlock stilled and when John felt sure he wouldn't try to move again he lowered his grip, sliding his fingers over Sherlock's wrist and palm until their hands were locked together.
"The symptoms are nothing new to medicine, but I don't think they've ever presented in exactly this manner or course. I assure you, however, I am not contagious."
John whirled to look at Mary. "What?! It's exactly what I heard when I first met him, I just didn't want to pay attention to it." He turned back and gestured violently at Sherlock, "He
he had been trained by the army. He should know how to scale a building and land with the proper support...unless he was rushing. Had he rushed to Sherlock's side after shouting his warning? Had he stayed with him all this time? "You didn't need to hurt yourself," he mumbled, still feeling a bit foggy from the sedatives.
"Hm?" Sherlock looked over at John, then followed John's gaze to his arm and shrugged. "I cut myself against one of the branches when we were running."
Her weding ring was in immaculate condition, but that was to be expected in any wealthy family. Married parties in any family that felt themselves to be influential and powerful would keep up appearances, regardless of how they actually felt. No, the tell for a happy marriage in a person of influence was the skin underneath their ring, and Sherlock could see a distinct tan line and impression in the skin when Mrs. Wallingford brought her hands together and began to fiddle with her wedding band.
we saved you the work of finding he body," Sherlock insisted, still grinning. "I left a severed head for you in the fighting ring,"
Sherlock couldn't deny the heat growing in his belly, or the twinge of long forgotten impulses. But the fear, and lingering effects of the suppressants kept any carnal instinct utterly muted.
Instead of waiting for the attendant to retrieve their coats, Sherlock reached his long arms into the coat check and snatched his Belstaff and John's jacket before the attendant could protest. John glowered as he shrugged into the garment. "Did we even bother to pay?" He hissed as he jogged to keep up, "Or did we run out on the tab?"
Sherlock threw his hands into the air and collapsed dramatically onto the sofa. "Honestly, John!
Sherlock nodded. "His name is William Mathers, son of Samuel Mathers. Both father and son have been heads of this hospital; the legacy goes back several generations in fact. They are also heavily invested in many pharmaceutical companies. The Mathers have been a wealthy family for a long time, and are powerful in their own right. Both Samuel and William Mathers earned their doctorates in medicine; however, William spent half a dozen years out of the country just after he'd obtained his license. Apparently he was married to a woman named Jessica Evans during that time. She was
The woman reached forward and gently patted his good leg, as it was obvious he was not about to let go of John's hand. "Irene Holmes, pleased to meet you, little brother."
Sherlock's mouth dropped open, not far, but enough to communicate the disbelief coursing through his veins.
Sherlock waved him off with his free hand. "We were discussing the finer points of growing cultures on petri dishes from household sponges for her science project, and she drifted off. There didn't seem any point in moving her."
Still… what did he have to lose? He had no promising experiments at the moment, and barring late night self-referrals he had not accepted new cases for a worrying amount of time… He could practice his skills on the data before him until the morning, then return one of Lestrade's numerous texts or phone calls asking for assistance. The mounting concern evident in the texts and messages he received from both Mycroft and Lestrade rankled. The fastest way to quiet them both, would be to return to his own version of 'normal.'
"Adder?" John asked, leaning forward and tipping his head to one side in confusion. "What does an adder have to do with these medical records? Those births took place decades before you could have been at Uni, unless you're about to tell me that you've mastered the art of time travel."
Harry looked over her shoulder uncertainly, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth. "I thought you said you only had five thousand pounds?"
John flushed, chagrined and stepped back. "Sorry, give me a moment." He lifted his phone out of his pocket and frowned at the number on the screen. He instantly accepted the call and lifted the phone to his ear. "Hello?" his voice was clipped with worry. It was the Edelweiss Recovery Center. John paled as a voice spoke quickly into his ear, too muffled for Sherlock to make out properly. "Oh, my God. When?! Is she okay?!"
John stared at the ceiling, once again chasing sleep. His dinner with Mary had gone well. She was excellent company and despite the charged discussion early in the evening, their time together had not felt awkward or strained. Even so his mind kept coming back to what they had discussed. Images of his partnership with Sherlock danced through his head, reminding him of
Mary smirked, but made no other reply, and Sherlock was at last able to work in relative silence. It was slow work, but some of the best cases were. It was a simple process really: Observe, remember, and move forward until two or more pieces of data started to link together. Then, follow the trail.
The thought almost made John stop in his tracks. He hadn't. Not in months. When he'd first moved in all he could think about was when this would all be over, but now… He still thought about what would happen when Harry completed treatment and how he could help her transition. But he hadn't thought of not working cases with Sherlock… He ... really had become attached...
? The ring looked like a wedding band, and it was on the right finger, but Mary didn't exactly strike him as traditional. He could picture her wearing the ring simply because she liked it and it fit well, regardless of the finger it rested on.
Sherlock had known he was hunting a nemesis, but he had never suspected he would come across a consulting criminal, for that is exactly what Moriarty seemed to be. He appeared to cooperate with others, but was never directly involved in the crimes. That made him all but invisible to the authorities. Sherlock was beginning to suspect that Moriarty was all but invisible to the criminal world as well. The only people he seemed to be in communication with were the woman, and the man who remained on guard. If he operated through them and them through others it would create a very effective smoke screen.
"Is that your patient?" Mary asked quietly, leaning up towards John's ear to be sure he would hear her.
Sherlock strode through the back door of the house and out into the garden. It was a barren, sandy wasteland compared to the front garden. Nothing grew here except for short, well trodden grass. It was a practical setup, considering the yard was ringed with a dozen kennels. Each was of barely adequate size, with the barest minimum of food and water visible. It would meet all legal regulations without any superfluous touches, Sherlock was sure. Then again, this was Mr. Werner's home was much more likely to be subject to observation.
