"What does not cancel the crush factor." She points. “And more than that, now I can say, because I saw it with my own eyes. You like him and he likes you.”
he asks doubtfully, an eyebrow raising.
They were passing by a local movie theater when they saw a poster of a movie starring Dr. Sexy, that is, the actor who plays Dr. Sexy. Which made Dean comment on the show's new season, which led, in a domino effect, to Castiel recognizing that he had never watched any episodes, which until now he had successfully avoided. Dean looked at him horrified, as if Castiel were an alien for never having paid attention to a long TV show that has been running for almost more than half of his life so far, with no prediction for it to end. His life and the show.
"Really? You didn't mention it… your parents divorced when you were 12 years old, didn't they?”
Dean hurries to respond.
Before Castiel could say anything close to “It's nice to meet you, Charlie. I've heard a lot about you from Dean.” Charlie hugs him, both arms squeezing Castiel with a force that catches him off guard.
"I think you turn out to be a little protective, man."
"What took you so long, jerk?" Sam greets him when Dean opens the door, his eyes still half-closed from sleep.
"It's a phobia." Cas corrects. "I don't think it's silly, Dean."
And then she saved me... But at the time I didn't get it like that, I stopped talking to her a little bit after that, when I thought I had accepted myself, but I was just starting to understand… So I hid all the anger again… Thinking everything else would be different… I thought it might be better if I tried different, if I was more useful somewhere else I would solve everything, that's how I ended up with my father... And I kept waiting for something to happen there for so long, wanting his word, that his guide was enough… And it wasn't… Sometimes I wanted to have run to Ana when I was 18, I wanted to have chosen to be close to her, because then we got so far… And it took me almost seven years to get out of that cycle, and I still don't know what to do… Balthazar's visit today reminded me of that... Because there was a time he was one of those people who helped me not to hate myself so much, who said it wasn't my fault... But when I didn't have him within my reach , I cut him off along with everything else... And today I wasn't kind to him."
"Dean, Adam loves our dad… He's at that stage where dad is basically his hero, and you know John is more present to Adam than he ever was to us when we were his age." Sam points. "Seeing a practically unknown guy pushing your dad and then the way John reacted… Adam may not know what was actually going on, but in his confusion, it's not our dad he was scared of."
"Yeah...But my mom really only moved here to be with Ellen when I was almost 14, I think...Long story...a little more complicated than I'd like to admit..."
"And your father...?" Cas asks carefully.
"Maybe you're right." Dean nods but doesn't seem to reconsider as he grabs a bottle for himself. "But tomorrow it will be me making mashed potatoes while I'm hungover, and that's a problem for my future self."
"Are you interrupting my shift just for the pleasure of being unpolished?" Castiel retorts in a deadpan. "That and stopping at a convenience store is not your style."
Gabriel looked surprised, but didn't treat Castiel as if he'd completely lost his mind or as if he were an ungrateful child.
"Dean." That's all Castiel says, in a gasp that releases the air from his lungs.
"No." Cas responds without blinking. “I think we're making it up as we go. I think this kind of fit with
**********************************************
"You two have some similarities, little ones, you know?" She says, with a tone of innocence that almost makes Dean regret thinking about pulling her away because he knows what she means by that and what she's thinking. She's definitely thinking about his background.
“I said I hated her, but I also said that she left us, that she didn't act like my mother… I cut her out of my life as much as I could after that… Which didn't help… And one day me and Lee, when I was 16 we ended up drunk in my room, my father was gone and… We were drunk and laughing, so it happened…Lee kissed me and I just accepted, I reciprocated, I didn't even think… I just wanted to… But my dad caught us there, he was so mad... I felt so embarrassed -- he practically kicked Lee out of there and I couldn't even say anything… I didn't want to face him after that and... Then I just remember getting the Impala's keys, Sam followed me scared, and I couldn't send him away before our dad came after me, so I drove, crying , angry, still half drunk and not slowing down… I crashed the car.”
Dean says, grinning, trying to lighten the mood for him to continue. But Cas' body gets a little more tense.
"Jo... He can barely count as an ex of yours." Dean rolls his eyes. "Would you call Pam, for example?"
Unfortunately, it didn't help, however, that she was also considered a "black sheep" by the rest of the family. Naomi held enough resentment of Chuck to project it onto Amara, even though their relationship wasn't the best sibling bond there could be, and besides, Amara was considered too liberal for Castiel's family. She never settled down to some conventions about how a woman should behave well and not appear emotionally out of control, when all she wanted was to be listened to. She never felt very comfortable saying “amen” during Sunday church meetings, without questioning the Gospel or why it was all used to justify spiteful and prejudiced comments in their dining room. It didn't help, either, that that summer Amara was in the beginning of her relationship with Billie, something seen as a sin by Naomi, who feared the “bad influence” on her children, and without a second thought, took them away from Amara a week before school started. The rest of that summer was reduced to him and Ana practically locked inside that big house, with Zacharias taking care of them and teaching them about the Word of God.
"So today it's been a month." Cas responds, a small, slight smile returning to his lips. "It's been a month since our first kiss here."
Dean speaks a bit through gritted teeth, making a face at her clearly sending the message "please stop!". Charlie just rolls her eyes. Castiel doesn't seem to know how to act for a moment, he vacillates between smiling, as if he's caught the secret joke between the two, and drawing his eyebrows together, tilting his head slightly.
"Hmm, I don't know about that... You know, for someone who pretends to be a bitch, dude, you're more romantic than you admit… Maybe he wasn't your type after all." Charlie says thoughtfully. “Benny, Castiel… That ex-boyfriend of yours from Kansas, Lee, right? You like blue eyes and broad shoulders…”
Dean quickly grabbed his small supplies and carried them to the cash register, and Castiel attended to him before notifying Nora that he was going out for lunch. Dean kind of invited himself to come along after commenting that he still hadn't had anything to eat even after he got off work.
“That sounds good to me, Cas. I'm in.” Dean leans a little closer to bump his forehead against Cas', then he pulls back just so he can look him in the eye. "Because in the end, as you know, I'd rather have this..."
Dean shrugs. Okay, so maybe he's just a guy who isn't afraid to take on that kind of thing.
“Dude, don't tell me you haven't made a move yet? How long have you two been practically dating, almost four months now?” Sam's voice sounds indignant.
Castiel always thought there was something wrong with them, many things seemed to be out of place in his existence and only a short time ago he managed to move from questioning to action, still missing a few words to define everything he is trying to understand, what he is desperately trying to seek for and in himself. How he feels about attraction is one of those puzzles, given everything he's learned should be wrong and everything he's discovered could be possible. Castiel still hadn't found a comfortable place to be alone and, what seemed more difficult, accompanied. But ever since he met Dean, he knows he's been cultivating something new, a horizon he knew from descriptions but not from experience. He knows how to recognize someone beautiful, someone seen as attractive, someone interesting… He does not ignore these general notions. However, he felt that something about him didn't work, that getting attached and wanting, for so many unknown reasons, seemed a sterile land in his skin, in his body. Castiel tried so many times to put himself in situations, to force himself to reproduce moments with people so that maybe the promised land would come out of it, it was never so easy. He never spent so much time with someone who accepted him for who he was, who walked at his pace. And so Dean made it seem simple and easy to wait until this point came, until something opened up and blossomed.
"No, Dean." Sam speaks softly but clear. “What he said to you today, everything he said to you and Cas, but talking about the accident… He had no right to say that, and he knows it. He's full of crap and you can put up with most of it, it's not just today, but you didn't have to… And he has no right to put the weight of that, and especially of something that didn't happen, on your shoulders. I am fine. You're fine... It sucks what happened, but we survived and made the best of it. Honestly, he's the one who can't live outside the timeline where everything went wrong, and I don't wish the same for you. You're my brother and I want what's best for you, Dean.”
"Maybe." Castiel responds somewhat grudgingly, but not suppresses the affection he feels at the sight of Dean's smile.
"Are you okay, buddy?" Dean asks with a slight arch of his eyebrows.
"Asshole." Dean snorts. "I wouldn't kick you out..."
He then shrugs and smiles at Castiel.
Dean pulls back a little in disappointment, but then he smiles out of the corner of his mouth.
"Hello, Dean." Cas says, his voice hoarse and his incredibly helpless eyes matching his shoulders.
Cas, eyes still closed, doesn't dare face Dean's words carved into his face more than translated into the very smooth, steady voice with which he says them. He grimaced, furrowing his brows. Dean sees those old lines in all the clarity and depth that marks his friend's face. Dean sighs, before leaning in and kissing Cas on the forehead. He doesn't say anything else after that. Just wait.
“It's a good question, though. What were you waiting for, Dean?” Lee challenges, stepping closer and smiling, somewhat teasing, but Dean could see there was resentment there. “Were you interested in reliving old times, man? Did you blame me for some of your shit? Don't act like I'm a villain, Dean… You don't know what I got and I still have to deal with it around here.” Lee stares at him sharply. "Unlike you, I had to wait for my father to die before I could set foot on Lawrence again."
“What? Really?” Benny responds amused by Castiel's reaction.
." Dean stops and clears his throat, taking a little time to know he can control his own voice. “But when I turned 12, they started the divorce process… Back then, I knew things in their marriage really weren't perfect, but why could they still fix that? I heard my dad say they could fix it, that he wanted to make things right this time… What I didn't notice was how tired my mom was hearing the same scratchy record, how much she'd already been hurt by waiting for John when he didn't come back, by his words when he was there… And she never had much space for herself... Today I know that calling my grandfather 'controller' is an understatement, and that was another time…”
As they pass the sign that says they are in Lebanon, Dean breathes a sigh of relief. He allows himself to feel the relief of knowing that soon he will find the people he loves waiting for him, in the house he grew up in, being able to be himself, surrounded by care… He's not one to pray, but he silently prays that Cas is there too, he allows himself to hope in that. Dean wants to share all this with him, the good and the bad, so Castiel knows he doesn't need to be alone when things go wrong, as Dean was never alone. He wants Cas to feel the same.
Castiel doesn't move from his seat. He thinks a little about all the little casual moments with Dean, as he said so much, more than he was used to sharing with others. He remembers when they first met, how peculiar that stranger was, who walked into the convenience store. So normal and so peculiar at the same time, in a way that Castiel's own strangeness felt welcome for the next few weeks. If Castiel thinks about it, maybe Dean isn't being so subtle… Castiel needs a friend, but more than that, Castiel needs someone who wants to know him, and he feels he needs to know him too, or rather, he wants to get to know Dean better. They can be friends, they can be more. Who knows?
“Dean…” Castiel tries to call him, but he sounds too low.
The girl's voice is loud and impatient after he clears his throat once more. She practically pushes Dean out of the way. Castiel just nods at Dean as if he knows the story he intended to tell.
Dean raises his arms in surrender, his expression worried because he's never seen Castiel even slightly irritated like that before.
He stutters.
Dean clears his throat audibly, and glares at her, scolding her.
“C’mon, pal. It's not that bad." Dean says and it almost sounds like a 'please' between the lines. “Today is Western movie night, why not get a taste of what it's like to be a cowboy? It  could be really cool, you know?”
"She's kidding, Cas." Dean says leaning over to Cas' ear, then responds to Pam. "I think we will pass."
"Ouch, dude." Dean takes the pillow and throws it in Cas’ face, who dodges it with his hand. "But, uh, thanks for holding my hand there... It's silly, I know..."
.. And I didn't understand at the time, so she continued…
"All right. Congratulations, Balthazar. It's great to hear from you, I'm glad you achieved your dreams, and…” Castiel says this monotonously, without changing his intonation, but the sarcasm is very clear. “I'm sure this has nothing to do with CE Productions, and that your uncle… uh, let's say my father… is not involved.”
"Yeah, man, it's a really good movie." He smiled. “We will have other opportunities to watch again if you want…”
- Maybe that fits some level of angst. There are descriptions of internalized homophobia and references to homophobia.
"I wasn't after a cute guy."
His voice sounds more exasperated and sad, Cas' breathing starts to get more irregular. “I don't think it is... But sometimes I feel like I don't have the right to fight for this freedom I want if I'm not sure what to make of it... Sometimes everything feels overwhelming... And I should know... So I say to myself that I have no right to feel hurt when I don't even know how to identify myself, when I've spent so much time repeating things that... When I hurt or disappoint people... I keep telling myself that if I could take everything away that had been thrown at me in the past, I could find this version of me that is pure and unafraid --- and then I would know what to do, but that version of me doesn't exist… And honestly I don't think it ever existed, because, umn, even before what I went through with my family, the worst years…I haven't belonged for so long, even before that..."
"Why do you care, Dean?" Lee's voice is almost too low and rough, and he himself doesn't seem so happy about Dean or that subject anymore.
Cas' voice trembles with concern, in the background Dean can hear a baby's cry.
“Didn't you know? I own this joint now, man.” Lee shrugs. "What are you doing here?"
And Dean hits Sam on the head, who glares at him. He enters the small apartment, ducking a little as he goes through the door, walks towards Cas with his hand outstretched. Castiel clearly still isn't awake enough to process things quickly, he tilts his head and squints a little, which creates a brief, slightly uncomfortable moment where Sam continues with his hand outstretched.
? But Castiel?” Pam speaks in awe. Dean chokes a little because he doesn't know how Pam always knows about these things. "Hey, Castiel!" She then speaks, raising her voice and looking over his shoulder at the room. Dean almost jumps. “Show me your face, O angel…!”
He denies it, feigning innocence as he corrects it. "I said I still hadn't eaten enough."
Dean stops again, looking at his hand and Cas with their fingers intertwined, he smiles at that. He smiles because today he can have it. He repeats this thought to himself a few times.
“Hi Cas. Are you better?"
"I said I think we’re
Dean speaks, and instantly flinches internally, as he notices that he first called Castiel Cas, but he decides to move on as if it's nothing and as if the name is something familiar between them. Cas just stares at him and blinks a few times, but doesn't say anything to correct him.
And Castiel is worried that this is more serious than he thought.
Dean says with an embarrassed smile until he realizes what he said.
"What?"
"Umn." Sam seems to ponder a bit. “Still, it's just one dinner. Cas can stay with our mom while we visit dad.”
"Castiel, be reasonable, rational... I know you're good at this." Balthazar stares at him, eyebrows arched, almost like a request. “Your dad said you were interested in film production too… You can come work with me, start over…”
"Cas, there is no need for it." Dean shakes his head. "And there's no need for you to punish yourself with a cold either... You're going to get sick... Do you want to go inside?"
-------------------------------------
And she throws Dean a beer without him even asking.
"Shut up, bitch."
“Cas…” Dean calls him carefully. “You don't need to have everything figured out about yourself to know you don't deserve to be hurt. If you don't feel comfortable yet or think you don't fit some place or label, screw everyone who makes you feel bad or pressured about it! If you need time, if you need to find comfort in just being… Whatever that means for you, Cas, it's your right.”
- Well, I was very uncertain about this whole story. This was actually part of a series.
Castiel's gaze shifts from Sam to Dean rather quickly, he looks kind of mortified to have to answer that first thing in the morning.
Dean isn't quite sure when this happened, Cas commented to him that he couldn't cook even a soup, forcing him to live off deliveries, pizzas and sandwiches, and Dean, totally outraged by that statement, said he would give him a simple recipe to try cooking at home… Which prompted the two to exchange cell numbers, something Dean should have made a move to, because now he feels that Cas has his number, but only for culinary interests.
********************
The next morning, Dean woke up to a knock on the door and silently cursed whoever was waking them up on a Saturday morning. Until he remembered that that weekend, Sam would be coming to LA, with Eileen.
“Hmm, I think so…” And here they go…
"Definitely." Dean responds with a grin. “And… Well, we can do more of that, if you want, when you want…”
“Cas…” Dean gasps as they break apart. "What?"
But this is different, he knows it's different. They were
It doesn't take long and they pass a familiar point in their history. They are about to leave Lawrence when Dean spots the place where he and Sam were in the car accident nearly nine years ago. Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel.
"For what?" Castiel is confused.
“So, where's your boy? I hear you brought a new handsome guy to town? We certainly need something fresh…”
"Wow, this is the guy." The woman smiles mischievously. "I can see why he attracts so much attention."
"I never told you that, uh... I actually only talked about it once, with Ana." Cas starts to say, after exhaling deeply, voice shaking a little. "When I realized... When I realized without a doubt that I wasn't straight or anything like that, and that was the first time I was aware that I had an irreparable flaw... What I thought was a flaw... but there was so much there that I still don't know how to unfold it, I don't know what it all means… There was this boy at my school, I was about 12 years old… His name was Samandriel, he was shy and quiet… That and our unusual names brought us together. Whenever I needed a partner for a class, he was the one I chose.” Castiel starts to move his hands, intertwining his own fingers and squeezing. “Then, a year later, he gave me a gift. He gave me a Valentine's card, I think deep down he just wanted to be kind… And he was kind, I liked that about him. Overall, I never got too excited about the things other boys were talking about, magazines, characters from movies or games… I didn't care about many things, I never missed them, I thought it was something more “mechanical”, I think? People wanted to date, and then they dated. Then they got married, had children, because it was supposed to be like that... I didn't have any strong feelings or longing about it, I just thought that one day it would happen and that it was inevitable… But I heard the things my mother said, the comments of my uncle Zacharias… About the sick people, that sin was taking its toll on them… I'm stalling, digressing…”
“You can say that." He speaks with a note of contempt that Castiel can recognize. "But, that's not what I see."
Dean thinks for a moment before answering.
“Mnn… Too bad? Do you remember that time he caught us...? He was so mad, I-I thought he was gonna have an aneurysm.” Lee runs a hand over the back of his neck, letting out a half laugh that turns out to be more nervous than he should have intended.
"Winchester, we are all your friends." Charlie says, putting a hand on his shoulder. "Messing with you is part of the job."
Dean's jaw drops a little.
Castiel had ideas, he wanted to tell stories too, but stories from real people. "Documentaries are for people who are pretentious or people with a keen sensibility, and besides, you're not good at dealing with people in person," his father had commented. Unsupported, owing him because of a college he hadn't even chosen, Castiel let any hope he had slip into a coma, opting to settle for at least not being pressured by his mother, Naomi, to be a successful lawyer or doctor, like Raphael and Michael. Lawyer, tax accountant… Nothing he would choose for himself. However, what could he do? He was never really good at talking to people, as much as he was delighted to look at the world around him, first through the big windows of the house he grew up in, then every moment he could go out for a walk and notice the everyday with that complexity proper to people, crowds in peace or in agitation depending on the place.
Dean can hear that Cas hasn't relaxed even for a split second.
Dean scoffs.
Dean speaks too fast, not wanting to think too much.
Meg then approaches the counter and picks up Krissy's groceries.
- no beta reader.
“Cas is my…” And Dean was determined to introduce Cas as his boyfriend to Adam and anyone else who asked, in the same way that Sam would introduce Eileen as his girlfriend. However, before he could finish, John cuts him off.
"I don’t know…"
Castiel is pretty sure that doesn't count against him, among all the character flaws he may have.
They've known each other for a little over 5 months now, they've been together as a couple for a little over 1 month, and there's Castiel, sitting on Dean's bed, in the town he grew up in, after being greeted with hugs and welcome from his mother and sister. Castiel took a deep breath, he had time to get used to the idea, to think that everything would go well, that he wouldn't do anything wrong or too weird. He spent the days before the trip getting to know a little more about Dean's family through Sam, and as far as he can tell, the two hit it off, exchanged stories about the experience of moving to another town during college, talked about history... Castiel even mentioned Raphael, whose law firm is doing well. However, now Castiel rubs his hands a little anxiously, remembering every interaction he had, realizing that he never went to spend the weekend, holidays and even less Thanksgiving at a boyfriend or girlfriend's house, with their family. He wonders if between the apparent slowness that took him 4 months to kiss Dean and the moment he said he agreed to come with him to Kansas, if things aren't going too fast…
“If you say so…” Dean responds, and Jo hits him with a dish towel. “Calm down, dude! But still about the ex---- who will be present...?”
Lee is taken aback because that somehow breaks the courtesy he wanted to convey. He grimaced and sighed, before turning back to Lorna who was waiting for his order.
The girl snorts, crossing her arms and shooting them both a look.
“Well I'm fine now. And I'm not coming back.” Castiel says, giving the most steady smile he can. “As you can see I have a job, I'm a sales associate and I'm busy.”
"Yes. Why?" Dean says confused, thinking that maybe Cas will go to work in the morning, but he had forgotten to let him know.
than in your own apartment, apart, at this point."
Dean turns to face him, glaring at him.
Castiel says with a slight smile.
Cas's face discreetly lights up, Dean can tell. It's subtle but undeniable once he knows him better.
Castiel points reasonably.
Castiel responds simply, as a matter of fact.
- If by chance there are any tags or something that can be improved or discussed, I accept and I read the comments. Just please be kind. :)
"You're a great big brother, Dean." Castiel states.
Dean pauses for a moment, recalculating where his story was heading. "Not that I couldn't avoid, uh, things that hurt me either... There was what happened along with Cassie, and apparently Lee too..."
“And here you can achieve what you want? Working with stories after making taquitos?” Balthazar goes from being indignant to exasperated.
Cas tilts his head confused, eyes on Dean, eyebrows drawing together.
Dean snorts belittling himself. Then Sam is knitting his brows, squinting at Dean, scolds him for it.
For a moment Dean wanted to push Lee, throw him away. He wanted to hurt Lee and use the words that would open more of the wound he noticed in him. Dean wanted to destroy that guy who once meant so much to him... But he couldn't, because in the end he would see the same cuts and bruises in the mirror as he had seen them before.
Cas says, finishing putting the missing items.
“Unpolished? Me? I couldn't be even if that was my intention here, Cassie.” Balthazar moves, approaching the counter, a crooked smile on his face. “I came to pay an old friend a visit and a good deed… Ana told me you were working here, I couldn't believe it…”
"Good for him." Dean responds, trying to sound casual, but he knows he can't quite hide the edge of bitterness he feels on his tongue. He reaches for Cas's hand, who lets him hold it, but without squeezing it, as if he's just absentmindedly responding to the gesture. Dean looks at him and hopes the expression he's making is reassuring enough. “Pam, it was good to see you again. Sam is playing pool if you want to say hello.”
Castiel asks, somehow more serious and innocent than Dean expected and Castiel's face flushed. This guy is really adorable.
"What?" Dean practically chokes, unable to help his surprise. It has been almost 6 years since he has heard from Lee, with real and current news. Then Dean recovers and notices Cas looking in his direction, carefully watching Dean's reaction, who tries to shrug a little too late. “Not that it matters…”
"I want to." Castiel responds with what appears to be the clearest certainty he has at the moment. “With you… I want.”
He smiles at her and as nice as the gesture is, there is an awkwardness in how he does it.
And this is the very unfortunate moment when Castiel is without a ready answer, which contributes to Balthazar's last words hanging in the air. Dean enters the store just in time to hear Balthazar's last words, and stands there shifting his gaze from Castiel to Balthazar, his expression hard to read.
Castiel says, eyes moving towards Dean's.
Dean sits down next to Castiel and places the popcorn on the table in front of them. Castiel looks confused and awed, a feeling Dean is able to make him feel most of the time. He notices that Dean doesn't bring his father into the conversation, so Castiel decides not to ask about it. He resolves to focus on the most interesting items in front of him.
Cas says with irritation rising in his voice.
-------------------------------------------
Dean flinched, his expression looking slightly offended.
Another week and Dean drives to Gas'n'Sip, a few minutes before Cas' shift ends. He decided to take the opportunity to use their conversation about movies and TV shows and invite him to a movie night at his apartment. Something simple, innocent, but with open doors to new possibilities, Dean thought.
"Thanks for your concern, Sammy." Dean speaks, still a little irritated, but more lightly. “But I don't even know if asking him for the holidays is a good idea… Lebanon, Mom and Ellen, with Bobby and Karen, Rufus, Jody and Donna? It's great! But then we'll have to stop in Lawrence to see John and Kate… It's good to see Adam, but this part of the family reunion is always hell, I don't think it'll be any better than if Cas were with his own parents...”
Friend. Castiel really missed that. Since he walked away from a part of his family, and decided to go on his own without the slightest luxury that some of his old friends are used to, he has become more isolated... And because, no matter how hard he tries, there is always this disconnect he feels, this strangeness at not having yet found the place he belongs, the place where he is wanted and feels free to be who he is, although he is still not sure what it all means. It's good to have a friend, it's good that friend is Dean Winchester. Gentle, funny, lovely, beautiful… No, not that way, Castiel chides himself as he feels his chest ache and his lungs tighten as he is, not just sitting on the seat next to Dean, but surrounded by him inside that car.
“Blue eyes, dark hair…” Charlie mumbles, almost whispering to herself.
"It's not like that, Castiel." He looks more serious, and tries to be reasonable. "He's not as bad as you think, and I didn't get it just because he's my uncle..."
"So..." And Dean approaches him, bending a little to place the hat on Castiel's head, who just tilts his head up a little, watching Dean next to him, his neck and his Adam's apple, before Dean backs down. He examines Castiel for a moment, eyes shining,  he licks his lip a little and goes back to fixing something on Castiel's hat. "All right. That's better.”
"Ha ha." Dean fakes a laugh, then lets out a sigh. "In the end, maybe we're not that far away from four years ago."
Finally, Gabriel ended up taking Cas to that apartment that had been his own in the early years of independence Castiel's older brother had from the rest of the Novaks and Graces. When Castiel tried to refuse, Gabe just said,
Sam continues to pass them, but stops just before entering the house, looking at Dean and Cas. "You two don't freeze out here."
Dean lets it slip.
"What about it?" Dean replied unfazed. "Do you want to know if
"C’mon, man." Dean speaks as he finishes putting things in place and sits down, patting the fabric beside him, an inviting gesture for Cas to sit with him. "Where's your spirit of adventure? Ta dah! We have an evening picnic."
Castiel appears beside Dean, a little shy and confused. "Hello."
After a brief moment of silence, Cas says too casually to sound natural. “And Friday you're having dinner in Lawrence…”
. Dean and he, for all they've talked and shared with each other, he knows they're pretty close to the same page. The thing is, he's always anxious to know the ending, and sometimes he jumps right in there, spoiling the journey and experience with the book. Castiel tries to think that this time he can feel safe, Dean isn't demanding that he return the book. Dean has been giving him a free pass to renew hopes that he can enjoy reading, alone or with someone… Castiel is beset (again) by the realization that Dean has chosen to spend a lot of his time outside of work in Castiel's company, even when the intimacy between them was more in looks than in kissing or touching, hugging…
Dean shifts from foot to foot, a little awkwardly. Pamela can be very intense at times and he fears he hasn't prepared Castiel for this. Cas was playing darts together with Ash and Ava, and Dean was watching him before he went to get some more beers. Cas had thrown a dart, the perfect aim hitting the center of the target, one eyebrow arched and the serious face frowning and concentrating before he threw. After he got it right, he celebrated with his arms raised, an easy and almost childlike smile… Dean was impressed with how Cas moved between the two states. Besides, truth be told, he was already a little drunk and still hitting the mark. Ash, by contrast, kept his expression unimpressed during that competition. So far everything was going well, and Cas seemed to be managing to fit in, even without Dean glued to him.
"Dean, seriously." Sam is annoying. "Say what you want, I just want you to be happy."
This reassures Castiel a little. They are friends after all, and there's no point in making a big deal out of it. Holidays in Castiel's family were always terrible, tense, and icy events, when they didn't end in outbursts of judgment, accusation and widespread resentment among the members of that family. It's been like this for as long as Castiel can remember. The only exception was the time he spent Independence Day with Ana at their aunt Amara's house. Gabriel had left them there before he started his own turn to run away from their family, while their mother was very busy after Lucio ended up in jail for the first time. Their father, of course, had been very little involved in solving the problems. A crisis in the whole family, a scandal tarnishing their good name. Michael and Raphael were already in college, and neither of them could commit to taking care of two 11 and 10-year-olds during that summer break. Gabriel wasn't mature enough for it either, so it was Amara, fresh out of college, much younger than Chuck and nearly the same age as their older brothers, who took care of them both that summer.
"He wasn't all wrong, you know?" Dean's voice is low, and out of the corner of his eye he sees Sam shift more uncomfortably in the seat next to him. He must recognize the same spot. “I really put you at risk that day…”
“Yes, I want him to go with me. I think he would like a great meal and good company on holiday… I think our mother will like him.” And Dean gives an involuntary smile, so he silently thanks the fact that he's on a phone call and not a video call with Sam.
"Great, I knew I had reasons to like you, Eileen." Dean smiles at her, then changes to a serious tone. “What are you doing with my brother anyway? I'm sure you can do much better than…”
Dean walks a little impatiently around the room, and looks up at the ceiling before answering. He's to blame for that, Dean has been talking about Cas to Sam, as he has done with the rest of his friends, to the point that Sam, who has never spoken or seen Cas in his life, already calls Castiel, “Cas”. Dean sighs, being fair to Sam, he had commented that Cas wouldn't spend the holidays with his family, so it was kind of understood that he would invite him.
"Dean." Cas says and then pauses, he waits for Dean to turn to face him. “I know we don't talk much about your father... I guess it's not easy… But I was wondering, it doesn't have to be answered, uh, I… I understand if you don't want to talk, but your father knows? About you? About us?"
"Cas?" Dean takes a step back, opening the door wider so Cas knows he can enter. "What happened?"
"Uh-hum." Cas nods positively, but he adds after swallowing lightly. "I'm fine…uh, and Adam…?"
Dean dismisses her with a polite smile at best. Pam walks away grabbing a bottle of beer that was on the counter, but as she walks she mouths the words
And Cas smiles at him with the softest expression, as if they're walking along the edge of what could have been a rough sea.
Castiel finally opens his eyes to meet Dean's, he tilts his head towards him to press a kiss to his lips. Castiel felt for so long that he had become that barren land, that even the ability to cry had been lost. He didn't cry profusely, but his eyes watered, watery and glistening, and tears began to run their way down his cheek, imprinting invisible, wet marks on Dean's cheek as well. If his heart could be reborn more than once, this would be the time. Maybe he can. When they break apart, Dean goes back to running his hand through Cas' hair.
"Dean, I'm sure he'll survive." She waved him away.
Cas nods in denial.
"It's morning, Sunshine." He says with a light voice and a smile. “Sam shouldn't be making you think about it too much before you drink a mug of coffee. PB&J, Cas?”
“Not about you caring about me... uh, obviously this is reciprocal. We're on the same page on that.” Dean assures stroking Cas' hand, but then he tilts his head and looks a little sad to Castiel. “But about you getting used to hearing things that hurt you, and thinking it doesn't matter… I sat at the table with John and took a few things… I try to talk about them with him and etcetera, because he's my dad. It's complicated between him and me…I think that sometimes I forget…”
After spending a night on the street, sleeping in a shelter, when Balthazar finally called him back, excited and telling how Esther and Inais had moved into a bigger house, Castiel couldn't say anything more about himself. He just didn't expect that after that, Balthazar wouldn't try to talk to him about what had happened either. And clearly he still defends Chuck.
Castiel asks as he bites into the taco he bought for lunch.
He admits it.
“He knows, Cas. About me…” Dean doesn't take long to respond, but then sighs dryly. "Which doesn't make him any better at dealing with me... This is going to sound stupid, but Cas, I just didn't bring up some stuff about it, or invite you to go there, because I think I wanted to protect you from that part, you know?"
And Pam pats Dean on the cheek.
He remembers the argument with his father. Castiel was still wearing the clothes he had worn at work that day, suit, tie and a trench coat... Chuck had yelled at him, and Chuck never yelled, usually he just used a hard and icy voice when he wanted to impose authority, which worked wonderfully for a man who otherwise would have seemed small and clumsy. “Everything you are today you owe me. If you want to have some future that's worth it, some future that's worth being known as my son, you're going to do the right thing.” All this because Castiel tried to intervene on the pay gap between people of different genders who worked for them. Castiel considered that what his father believed to be right, judging by his Company's history of financial transactions, was unreliable. He said that, and Chuck told him to leave everything he owed him, and Castiel impulsively left everything behind, even his own clothes... It seemed like something very remarkable, but it almost made him freeze, if not for the gardener, Joshua, giving him some clothes before he got kicked through the gates of his father's mansion. With a few calls, Chuck collected the rest of the bill, and even the apartment Castiel lived in wasn't a home for him anymore.
It took another two days and a restless night of sleep before they returned to California. Dean and Cas, at least, since Sam and Eileen stayed in Lebanon, to spend a few more days before going to visit Eileen's family.
Several possibilities have already crossed Dean's mind since he saw Cas leaving and leaving John's house behind, leaving Dean as well. He didn't want to get bitten or resentful of whatever Cas chose from then on… A part of Dean wanted to keep believing, trusting that Cas would stay and they could figure out what to do together, because it was nothing they couldn't handle and then move on. However, Dean didn't want to get hurt, so another part of him, the part that was screaming at having seen this movie before, wanted to panic and throw up all his defenses. Because what if Cas didn't take the bus to Lebanon, but decided to head back to California? What if Cas ran away, the same way he did with his entire family, even those closest to him who tried to reach him? What if Cas didn't even say goodbye to Dean? What if Dean went looking for his favorite sales associate at Gas-In-Sip, the ordinary but special place because of Cas, only to find that Cas quit and left no trace at all? Dean shakes his head, trying to tell himself it wasn't all that serious, but the flutter in his stomach and the shiver he gets when he thinks about all those scenarios, even his couch, without Cas, persists.
Cas makes a grumpy face.
"Not while we were together, you son of a bitch!" Dean is indignant at the accusations. “Is that why you didn't even want to talk to me? Because you thought I cheated on you or something?"
Cas may not feel that he belongs to that little world Dean grew up in, but Dean repeats in his own head that Cas chose to come with him, know a little more of who he is, and most of all, Cas chose to stay. Maybe there is not the place the two have in common, but it was important to be there together. Maybe that's enough for now, Dean thinks as Cas hugs him.
"Who would I take, Sam?" Dean feigns innocence. “As far as I know, you should be the one to say something, since you're thinking about not going there, and staying with Eileen. And by the way, how is she? Still beating you up during presentations?”
"It's nice to meet you, Charlie." Castiel finally manages to say. "Dean talked a lot about you."
***************************************************
"Not while we were together, you son of a bitch!" Dean says indignant at the accusations. “Is that why you didn't even want to talk to me? Because you thought I cheated on you or something?"
"What?" Charlie says defensively. “Benny is okay with that, he finds you attractive too."
Castiel swallows hard. One arm across his stomach, with Dean's hand holding his. The other arm bent, with the forearm covering his eyes.
"Well, Andrea and I would still be in trouble if we didn't talk to each other." Benny shrugs, still holding his burger before one last bite. “Sometimes the only solution is to deal with it. But, if you don't want to, if you're not ready..."
“Lee…” And Dean's voice doesn't carry any humor.
"I would like to think so." He answers honestly, much to Dean and Sam's surprise. Then he looks at the ground, running his hand over the back of his neck. "But, then, ‘pretty serious’ doesn't specify a common interpretation, which makes the meaning of this answer very subjective and personal." He quickly adds. "Don't feel pressured, Dean."
"Because I knew it was just a matter of time, Dean." Lee huffs, glaring at Dean before looking away from him to the ground.
"No, thank you." Castiel doesn't hesitate. “I wasn't interested in film production, I was interested in working with stories, meeting people… But I don't need to be in my family's business for that, I can see that now. So thank you for the offer, but my choice is still to decline this opportunity.”
"Thank you for your service and for entertaining my little sister." She looks at his name tag, knotting her brows. “Castiel? Odd name."
Lee directs Dean to the basement, and they face each other in awkward silence.
"Balthazar." Castiel speaks through gritted teeth. "What do you want?"
Dean laughs.
- English is not my native language.
They had planned to spend the weekend together, taking time to meet Eileen and Cas respectively before flying to Kansas on Tuesday. Dean had seen Eileen once, on his last visit to Stanford, when she and Sam weren't officially together yet, but they didn't have much time to talk. Since then he has been practicing sign language, the basics at least.
Dean says, letting out his breath.
Dean shifts a little, getting closer to Cas, though he's bouncing his foot, almost imperceptibly.
“Like I said, Cassie, I consider you my friend, not just my cousin…” Balthazar shrugs. “You know I never side with those self-proclaimed righteous bastards. And you were always more interesting than them, even before you fell out of favor, in disgrace…”
“And one day when I turned 17 I collapsed in my sister's room. Ana was leaving, she was going to Brown, she was going to college… And I cried for the first time in a long time, and she asked me again what I felt, and I said
It all happened in stages. First it was a night watching Dr. Sexy MD in Cas' apartment, then a movie night marathoning Star Wars in Dean's place, next week they stay at his place to watch an old movie... And then, a few weeks after this dynamic had become a commonplace for both of them, Dean took Cas on a tour of the studio, passing by movie and television sets. Cas confessed that although his father owned Carver Edlund Productions, Castiel's job was much more administrative. He basically did as he was told, while his father planned on him to take care of the finances, as Chuck didn't think Castiel was creative enough to contribute in any other way to the family business.
Castiel, who was smiling at him, stops and tilts his head the way Dean has begun to realize that it's so characteristic of him, his eyes narrowed.
Cas shakes his head, as if he doesn't want any sympathy or empathy for that confession.
"Dean Winchester. Unbelievable.” Lee mutters not knowing what to do with his hands. The two of them stand in front of each other until a waitress approaches. “Hey, uh, Lorna? Hey, can we get a… What do you say? A couple of beers for me and my... and my boy here?”
“And no matter what happens, I'll still be here, with ice cream, just like when you broke up with Lisa.” Charlie says, trying to be reassuring.
"I don't feel the same loneliness as before, Dean." Cas responds softly. He shifts his gaze to his hand, which keeps stroking one of Dean's hands. “Not like before, but… I don't feel like I deserve that kind of consideration… I don't feel like I was helpless, Dean. I had people like Ana, Balthazar, even my brother Gabriel and Amara… But I didn't find an answer when I had them around, or maybe I didn't try hard enough, I don't know…” Castiel shakes his head and feels his shoulders shrugging. “I had money, I had resources --- I could have done more, but sometimes I wonder if I wasn't looking for an easy answer for myself… Now I feel like for the first time I'm discovering who I really can be, but it's not as if that urge wasn't there before, so what stopped me? I'm turning 27, shouldn't I already know? I don't even feel comfortable saying that I'm bi, pan or any other way of identifying myself, even now... There was a time when I thought I was just gay, but then some things didn't quite fit... Am I lying to myself? What is holding me? I don't feel comfortable because of what my family did to me, even though I rationally understand that they were wrong when they wanted to fix me? Is just it?”
Dean tries to open his mouth to protest, but Charlie dismisses him without paying him too much attention.
"Your lost." She blinks unflinchingly. She still seems to enjoy it. “So Castiel, welcome to Lebanon! Once home to this beautiful boy standing here.”
Dean smiles at him in such a way that his face lights up, even in the shadow of that night and the yellowish street lights. And for some reason Castiel not only thinks, but is sure that this is a good thing and that they will be fine.
Castiel shakes the memory from his mind and shoulders, and his eyes go far away.
"I think I'm ready to talk, uh, about… Kansas." Castiel says carefully, straightening his body, but he ends up sounding almost too solemn.
"I think the feeling was mutual then."
Dean says as surely as possible.
However, Gabe could not contain his laughter.
And Dean thinks that he never had it, that kind of certainty in the midst of what he still can't predict, as something of his own. Faith? This feeling fit with him as well as the hugs he shares with Cas... Therefore, Dean knows there is a place in the world that Cas shares with him. It's not a perfect place.
It is that simple. Castiel in the back of his mind, or rather, bringing to the surface that knowledge of him strengthened in stages, and holding on to it now, recognizes that Dean really enjoys being with him, these moments together, listening to Castiel question the little things that he didn't understand during the movie, or make remarks that leave Dean a little open-mouthed, because he never interpreted that story the same way, before smiling and starting to talk about each of the points that made him love or watch the same movie a handful of times.
The guy, on his vest is a name tag with the name “Steve”, seems to readjust his posture from before, keeping his body straight and his face smooth. He tries to smile at Dean as he takes the items he asked for.
A few moments later, Dean is sitting on his couch, with Castiel lying down, his head in Dean's lap. He runs his fingers across Cas' forehead, brushing away some strands of hair that have fallen and stuck there, and traces with his fingertips the creases in Cas' face, expression lines of worry, anger, anguish or grief. One day they will be deeper, but Dean hopes the crinkles at the corners of his eyes might turn out to be records of joy.
"Oh so you're kind of romantic after all." Dean grins at Cas, and ruffles his hair, which seems to have become one of his favorite habits, and continues with a laugh in his voice. "Should I bring the cowboy hats to reenact the moment?"
"If you want I can sleep on the floor." Cas offers, deciding not to press the other issue. Dean shakes his head.
" Castiel honestly doesn't know what to expect from this conversation. He once believed that Balthazar was different from the other members of his family, but he had lived in London since he was born, and the period they spent the most time together was when Castiel traveled there during college. Perhaps because he was a distant relative, he became a close friend for a while. However, he was as self-absorbed and self-important as most of the Novaks and Graces, even though he was a Knight. And he just wasn't there when Castiel needed someone to count on.
Fleeing the discomfort of his couch, Castiel and Dean are sitting on his bed after they've ordered pizza for dinner. Dean has his laptop on his lap, looking for something for them to watch on Netflix. Aside from the fact that they are now on the mattress of Cas' bed, this moment that is already almost a little routine in their lives, reminds Castiel of the first time Dean was there, a few months ago. Castiel takes a deep breath and shifts on the mattress, in a way that makes Dean pay attention to him instead of the laptop screen. After most of the emotional exhaustion they felt had drained away, it was to be expected that the conversation they had put off would eventually resurface.
*********************************
“Dean, you didn't do anything that got out of line that day… I was a dick. I am…” He says with a short, self-deprecating laugh. "I'm afraid you're only seeing the best of me, so far I don't know how this is possible... But one day you'll see the whole picture, and maybe it won't be as good as your words describe me..."
“It's been a while since I stopped…”
********************************
Castiel shrugs before continuing.
“This is hard to believe, Dean…” Castiel says without even thinking about it. He knows that Dean moved on his own when he was 22, and that he's been living out, at least to himself, since before that, from the conversations they've had. He knows there is conflict with his father, but Castiel always figured having Mary and Ellen around had helped Dean get through self-acceptance more easily. “And Mary…”
"Pamela Barnes!" Dean scolds.
Before Cas could react, Dean launches himself at him in a hug, his hands on the back of Cas' neck, his face buried in his shoulder. Castiel loses his balance and falls backwards, with Dean on his chest awkwardly.
"Well, I had a great example to follow." Sam states with certainty in his voice.
“Which reminds me that Sam isn't old enough to buy a beer here. Ask him to bring the fake ID, Dean. I will check.”
“Dean…” Cas begins.
"Why?" And Charlie sounds all kinds of innocence. “We've spent the last three months listening to
"Keep saying that to yourself, Winchester." Charlie rolls her eyes. "But you like
Dean says smiling, but a little embarrassed.
"No, I'm not." Lee responds seriously, his eyes hard and upset. "From what I remember you weren't so serious about us?"
"Oh god, Cassie." Castiel looks toward the voice in surprise, but he's not mistaken. Balthazar is leaning against the window, arms crossed, looking at him with a pang of pity, a smile matching that feeling. “How deep did you fall, my friend? If Hesther could see you now… She would say you fell in every way imaginable.”
They end up going to a coffee shop. Not too expensive by local standards, and they order a piece of cake to go with it. Cas somehow decides that hot chocolate with lots of sugar is a good idea at the moment, and Dean worries that his friend seems to have more dubious eating habits than his own.
“You know, my parents' marriage was never really perfect, but until I was four I never noticed anything wrong, I was a kid so… But a little after Sam was born, my dad kept disappearing, I-- I never understood why… Anyway, the bar was his favorite place, I guess… I remember that one day he called, my mom tried to hide her concern, her sadness or anger...I went to her and hugged her, I said I would never leave her, that my father loved her just like I did. I didn't even know why it was important to say that, but I wanted to be there, I wanted my family together, I think that was what love meant to me.
"But, Dean... And if I never find out where I truly fit in... You--you fit in, isn't that what everyone is supposed to find?"
"Forget what, Dean?" Cas is puzzled.
"So next time Sam calls, tell him we're doing a great job in his absence." And Charlie says this as seriously as she can, before breaking out into a big, wide grin.
him... And what? He asked you to watch Netflix at his apartment. You guys have been doing Dr. Sexy MD marathons and your favorite movies... He's been watching them all without complaint... And…" She looks directly into Dean's eyes. "You two spend more time in each other's place
And she laughs before turning to Dean. "What?"
Cas is quiet, his hand in Dean's, but still seeming to be there only partially.
Sam looks at Cas half awed and half puzzled and Dean chuckles. He couldn't help but walk towards Cas and hug him from behind. Messing up Cas' hair even more and leaving a kiss on his cheek.
"Come on, dude." Dean laughs, and looks at Cas like he's being silly. "You wouldn't know the difference, and besides, you were already fighting to take control of your own life before we met, that wouldn't have changed..."
“Eh… Kind of…” Dean looks away a little, noting the old posters covering walls that were once bluer. “Actually, I only moved here after I was 16… So I lived a short time here, compared to Lawrence, before I moved to California.”
"Cas, this is all water under the bridge." Dean tries to smile at him. “I think we came here to have a little fun…”
But Cas' expression changes to something harder, more stubborn.
Dean asks, still haunted by disbelief.
"Charlie!" Dean almost screams, catching a glimpse of Benny out of the corner of his eye.
"The feeling is mutual, dude!" She responds excitedly, with a smile. “It's like the two of us can already be best friends, if you consider how much that I've heard about you…”
“But apparently good things do happen too, Dean…” Castiel stares at him when he says it.
"Dean, I know we have to talk about today." He says slowly. "But can we wait until we get back home?"
Dean waits to see Cas' reaction, which boils down to an almost silent "oh" and two slightly arched eyebrows. Seconds without further interrogation, Dean decides to keep going.
"I see... Well, if you were supposed to have a name in honor of an angel, I think Clarence would suit you better." Meg responds by looking at Castiel again and smiling, then she winks once.
"Am I so wrong?" Lee doesn't let his guard down.
Dean speaks slowly as he parks the car. Then he adds trying to sound casual.
"Nervous?" Dean asks with a soft smile.
"I thought you’d be shorter." She says as she lets go of him, her head tilted, looking him up and down once more.
Balthazar doesn't respond.
- I'm uncertain about this story/sequel.
"And you're still living the dream in LA, from what I hear huh?" Lee tries to smile at him, trying to deflect the tension they've gotten stuck on.
“No.” Cas responds immediately. "Of course not."
"Oh sorry, I forgot my little brother was so quick to make a move that it took him half a semester to ask out the girl he had a crush on." Dean mocks him. “How do you say it? Oh yeah, it's easy to talk when it's not you…”
"I don't know, Bradbury." Dean sighs helplessly. He lowers his head and puts it between his hands, ruffling his own hair before looking up at her and Benny, who wait in silence. “He said he likes who he likes and he's attracted to that, it doesn't mean he feels the same way about me… What is this kind of liking? I don't know, it sounds easy to me, but what if for him it was just something platonic? Why would I want to mess things up if we're doing okay like this?”
"That's it then... How's the old man?" Lee hesitates again, studying Dean for a second.
A memory of when he had to spend his first week at Mary and Ellen's house, against his will, comes back to Dean's mind. He was barely 15 years old and had taken Robin there, and well, his mother caught them together. Dean wanted to feel so grown up, but now he scolds himself, realizing he just acted like any idiot teenager. Mary tried to talk to him, to make sure Dean wasn't screwing up, that they were taking care of themselves... But Dean just yelled at her, saying he wasn't a kid anymore... And things turned out really bad.
That's all he needs to hear. Castiel feels so tired, but so relieved to have Dean as a friend, to have Dean close to him, even though they've only known each other for a short time.
“I don't understand, Cas…” Dean responds, kind of in awe, because he doesn't understand how, but he feels what it means.
“I think…” Cas says with his lips forming a soft smile. “About therapy, I can think about, uh, trying… And that I like this idea of not having a single destiny to follow…” Cas intertwines his fingers with Dean's and he says looking up at him, with his face slightly turned towards him. "We are not meant to be."
He thinks again that maybe, if all that happened after that summer, -- with Amara heading out of the country, his mother increasingly aware that Castiel would be more of a problem, worst of all apparently, his father offering an easier path, albeit, trying to curb any attempt by Castiel to pursue things for himself… If maybe he could have escaped before, maybe he could feel different than he has felt for so long, until now... However, in the now, he hears a familiar bright voice that seems to take him out of those old resentments and regrets, which makes him look up and see a Dean Winchester inexplicably approaching with a cowboy hat on his head while holding another in one hand, in the other he has popcorn.
That same night Dean was planning a date with some homemade burgers, some beers and a Star Wars marathon, because his original date idea didn't go any further, but he gets a call from Castiel.
“You…” He says without this going anywhere, but he's smiling, after letting out a good, contagious laugh sound in the air, and Castiel catches glimpses of the green glow in Dean's eyes. He’s beautiful.
Castiel nearly chokes on his food and laughs, a sound Dean wasn't prepared for, and it's good to hear as he tries to cover his mouth with one hand.
"I know, man." He looks Cas in the eye. “I should have prepared you better…”
." She says, making her voice a little deeper, in a failed attempt to imitate Dean, with a clumsy smile “or
“Umn... Dean does care deeply.” Castiel responds. "He is a good friend."
"Huh?" Benny raises an eyebrow at her, who chuckles awkwardly.
"This is Cas." Charlie introduces him, exchanging a suggestive look with Benny, arching her eyebrows, before continuing to speak with some emphasis. “
Cas nods, and then Dean takes his hand, leading him to the small counter in the kitchen, which means only a few feet from where they were. Sam and Eileen are still watching the two.
he said jokingly but absolutely serious at the same time.
There's no way to know exactly what was going on inside Cas, what that incident triggered, plus it wouldn't be the first time Dean lost contact with someone important to him, without even knowing the reasons or the extent of what was overwhelming that person. What if this time it happened to Cas?
"Okay, okay." Dean intervenes, not that Sam doesn't know how proud he is of his little brother, but he doesn't need to have his ego inflated first thing in the morning. “You can feel at home. I'll make breakfast… Eggs, bacon, beer?”
“Dean, this is barely a picnic. Looks like we robbed a liquor store.” Cas says frowning, but sits down next to Dean with his legs crossed in front of him, and accepts the bottle that Dean hands him. "This doesn't seem like a good idea."
"It's not a big deal. He is my friend." Dean says trying to sound casual and listens to Sam scoff. "And I still don't know if I'm going to call him."
Cas sighs.
Castiel's body is all tense again. A shiver goes through him, and he can't control it.
"You don't know that." Dean says, trying to hold back the frustration and the edge of despair that he thinks is not far from the surface.
As they enter the house, up the stairs and into Dean's old bedroom, he believes they will be able to rest a little longer.
Benny stares at him for a wordless moment, then huffs a good-natured laugh.
“Oh, like the angel
And Dean is surprised because he's being sincere, but what the hell is he trying to do with this guy he clearly didn't want to be just friends with? But Castiel looks at him gratefully, he seems comforted and Dean thinks maybe that's what he needs, a friend... And Dean thinks that guy with the big, kind blue eyes deserves one.
“But…” Dean stops, he leaves only a slight residue of the previous smile to appear.. “This doesn't sit well with you.”
." Interesting, Castiel thinks. He had not-so-small suspicions about Dean, but he tries not to make assumptions before he knows, knowing.
"I'm here, Dean." Cas says in a soft, low voice. And presses light kisses to Dean's face, holding it with one hand, Dean puts his hand over Cas'. “You can cry…”
"Hey Krissy, what's taking so long?" A young woman, with dark hair and eyes, appears in the doorway. "You're going to be late for class."
The truth is that Dean learned from an early age that sometimes people leave, even when they say they love you, because sometimes the fact that they love or have the other is not enough… But this time he wanted it to be. He wanted to be enough.
Castiel speaks factually.
Dean laughs once more, affectionately, because Cas is adorable, devastatingly handsome, funny… And he wanted to kiss Dean.
Dean says defensively.
Castiel didn't have a problem with his current apartment being ridiculously smaller than anywhere else he'd lived so far. After his first failed attempt to contact some friends and family for help, Castiel held on tightly to what was left of his pride and stubbornness, determined to do it all himself. But things hadn't gone well. After all, Castiel figured out how much power Chuck Novak had when he wanted to punish and cut someone off entirely for not agreeing with the path that person, especially a son, decided to follow... However, one day Gabe found him wandering the streets looking for food -- Castiel didn't realize it at the time, but unconsciously he was strolling near his older brother's favorite restaurants and bakeries.
When Dean opens the door, a helpless Castiel is standing there. Mouth opened a little as if he wanted to say something, eyes wide open, something like uncertainty, or fear there.
“What do you mean?” Dean is confused. “What are you talking about?”
- English is not my native language.
"What about your friend, Lee?" Cas added subtly but interested. Dean chokes slightly. "Do you plan on going to visit him now that you know he's back?"
"About?"
And Dean thinks that he never had it, that kind of certainty in the midst of what he still can't predict, as something of his own. Faith? This feeling fit with him as well as the hugs he shared with Cas... Therefore, Dean knows there is a place in the world that Cas shares with him. It's not a perfect place -- Shadows, light and a multitude of colors mix from time to time to bring monsters back to life, there are some unwelcome hauntings, and it's like there are several gaps that still need to be filled... Or perhaps the emptiness can be respected there, for what it is: wait and rest. But he's there with Cas, and he can see it and feel it, he can give himself away and find someone to hold him… someone who chose to come back for him. He can have a face that isn't just a mask change. And Cas is there with him, because somehow he understands that pain often makes you want to sleep, not get up, but also makes you want to fight and grow beyond it. There is so much love in Castiel that it speaks to what Dean feels, and for the first time he thinks it's enough to wait for what will come to happen... Because this could be a new place for them to find home. For them to make it together.
Meg, please stop.” The girl makes a face. "And he's already engaged to the other guy over there."
"Well, Dean, you haven't said anything to me so far." Cas responds with matter-of-fact.  “I don't think I should make assumptions. He was, um, someone important in your life... I think there are many reasons why you would want to see him again.”
Dean was at his apartment, after the long day was finally over, and he stared at his cell phone, hoping Castiel would text him some more asking them to talk better. The message did not come, however, a timid knock on the door was heard.
Dean is parked near a gas station, Gas'n'Sip, the place is off the road he takes to work every day, but as he's on his way back from Palo Alto, he ends up stopping there, and oh... Dean was just interested in fueling the Impala and continuing the journey, but he looked out the window of the convenience store and something - someone - caught his eye. Not that he will admit it, he told himself that he needs some supplies after traveling for almost 5 hours, before going straight to work, and that is the only motivation for him to walk into the store.
One unanswered call from Cas and some unanswered messages... Just one from Eileen saying she was with Cas, that they were coming back by bus. Dean puts his cell away again, the two must not have arrived in Lebanon yet. Not feeling that he could go back there or stay at John's house, Dean ended up driving to Swayze's Bar, not thinking about it too much until now. He hadn't been there since he was 18, right after Lee left without telling him. The place was open, Dean could hear the music inside the bar and the lights, going from yellowish to something close to lilac, blue in the back window. But Dean didn't get out of the car and went straight there, he waited a bit wondering if he really wanted to find whoever was there, who had come back... Then a woman walks out the door with a friend talking and gesturing expansively beside her, Dean sees through the half-open door, takes a deep breath and enters.
Sam snorts. "Oh yes?"
"Why did you want to embarrass me?" Dean accuses through clenched teeth, his eyes narrow and pointed at Charlie and Benny.
Castiel continues to stare at Dean as if nothing he said has any meaning to him.
Castiel looks at him without judgment, looking genuinely interested.
"Dean, you're going to tell me you didn't like the attention and didn't flirt back, huh?" She accuses, but not really sounding annoyed. She shrugs again as she heads behind the bar counter. "I hope Cas isn't the jealous type... God knows I just didn't hold a grudge because I knew she was all a joke... and that you were too dumb not to be flattered..."
Dean smiles at him, and runs his fingertips over Cas's cheek, it's a subtle, careful gesture. Castiel leans into that touch, feeling his own heart respond to that call. Everything he feels is a little frightening, overwhelming, if he thinks too much about it. He needs to walk one step at a time in this new land.
Dean frowns, Castiel widens his eyes in alarm, and he thinks it's going to be this, the friendship he so badly needed, the nice guy he met and who he's spent more and more time with these past few weeks --- all shattered in the altar of a TV show he hadn't bothered to follow for the past 13 years. Meanwhile Dean bursts out in laughter, shaking his head, and looking at Castiel out of the corner of his eye, a crooked smile on his lips.
“And we can still watch the movie…” Cas adds, still a little uncertain what to do with the time they have next.
Cas nods, serious and gentle as he is.
"About you taking someone to her and Ellen's house for Thanksgiving?" Sam speaks as if that is obvious.
In the end, she would yell at him, saying that he was broken, that he didn't look like it could be fixed, as she had already tried everything… If not for Ana and, in a short period of time, Amara, perhaps he would never have understood that part of the problem was what their mother was forcing them to do with themselves… Naomi never tried to contact him again after that Castiel left her. Most days he's okay with it, yet he can't shake the feeling that something in him has been broken, or has always been in a state of inadequacy with others.
Dean scoffs, self-depressed. "I'm doing the least that an older brother would do for a younger brother... Especially after I almost killed one of them..."
"Hello." He finally greets them, his hand raised and his voice hoarse.
Dean says, opening the door. The two enter and Castiel closes his eyes for a moment.
"You stupid... I can't believe it!" Dean growls and shakes his head. “I don't know what I was waiting for when I came here…”
"Umn… Cas… I mean, Castiel." And Dean should know better.
"I do not mind." Cas responds, smiling a little anxiously. "I'll be fine being with you... Even if you kick me out of bed in my sleep, or if you're snoring..."
“When I turned 13, me and Lee, we got close. My dad stopped being so present, he went back to the disappearance and bar routine… I sometimes went by bike to look for him at Swayze's, so I found Lee there. We'd drink some beers, hiding from our dads… He was my friend… He started to come visit me more too, my dad didn't mind... Lee was kind of a troublemaker, but my dad thought it was part of being a ‘real man’ to know how to fight, so maybe I don't know, he thought that Lee would be a good influence on what a boy should be…? But, at the same time I realized that I liked being with Lee as much as I liked going out with Robin, which was my first kiss… And it was all a shit show because after a while my mom introduced Ellen to me and Sam, as a friend, but John hurried things up and told us that they were together, and that Ellen was to blame for my mom leaving... which wasn't true, but it didn't matter, I blamed her too… And this is what I'm not proud of, how I acted afterwards... I didn't have a word to describe myself, but I already hated myself, hated that I could be more like my mom than my father, that by the way he was doing some shit, leaving me and Sam alone longer than ideal… But I was so angry that I only saw a man who lost the love of his life to something wrong… And when my mother wanted to get close, I was too spiteful and hurt to accept her help.”
"When?" He looks surprised. "No, no… You don't mean that call was your call for help?"
When Dean looks at Cas, he looks terrified, as if he doesn't know what to make of that such interaction from a previously unknown person.
“I can't believe they actually got married, you know? She was so Catholic at the time, we called her the Virgin Mary…”
, Cas, and I meant it." Dean continues, still agitated but honest, worried. “And that means you're not just a friend I took to meet my parents, my family… I mean, of course you're my friend, best friend I can say, but not only that… I-- I care about you and I should have been more careful because it must have been a lot for you to assimilate in less than a week, and I didn't want you to have gone through that…”
“But you never had to come out if you didn't need to! It's different for you, isn't it Dean? Because you can choose, you can choose the easy way… And why wouldn't you choose it?” Lee gives a humorless half laugh. “And I would have to watch it happen here? I'd have to keep quiet while you... When you get tired… When you go after a beautiful wife, the cool girl... The whole life your father would be proud to see, isn't that right?”
"For trusting." Dean speaks affectionately like it's obvious. Castiel tilts his head, still a little confused. Dean tries to shrug. “Never mind. I've only had a memory of some past experiences... I found out that Lee thought I would eventually leave him to be with a girl... Which is kinda funny, because after him I dated Cassie Robinson... But it lasted less than two months, because when I tried to make things more serious between us, I decided to talk about Lee and me and, uh, the whole bi thing... But then she wanted to move, go to college, and when I said I didn't want to leave Lebanon yet, she accused me of just using her, you know --- for fear of coming out as gay… I mean, I wasn't gay enough for Lee or straight enough for Cassie…So...”
and my body ached… And even with all the worry that she was carrying, she still managed to smile and say to me
"Hey buddy." Dean says, hands now stroking Cas' hair. “You know you don't have to give me more details, uh… But I wanted you to know you can talk to me… I was kind of a dick that time, but I swear I won't judge you Cas… You're the kindest guy I've ever met…”
Charlie offers him a sympathetic look but shakes his head with a sigh. “Things are going well for now, Dean… But I know you… And you might not be sure about what he feels or how he feels, but you're sure about what you feel, aren't you? So, you know that one way or another, if you don't work this out, it's not something that's going to go away by itself… You're going to get hurt.”
As he approaches the cash register, the guy who is serving a customer leans slightly toward her after handing her a lottery ticket, gives her an emphatic thumbs-up, and says very intensely:
"Do you think I look ridiculous?"
Dean places the bottle on the towel and takes a deep breath before continuing with the story. The poor lighting barely allowed to see his green eyes clearly.
“It doesn't seem that simple in my head. The problem is precisely the
Dean responds almost indignantly.
He doesn't smile.
was such a good idea for a live concert, or would you dare to disagree with me that
Dean, you don't need to get into a crisis for this. They're not really the first or the only ones..."
"Don't be ridiculous, man." Dean forces a grimace, before laughing. “I think we can find a way, Cas. If you don't mind."
"No, Dean." Castiel shakes his head and his voice is steady, serious. “I have four older brothers, and although my people skills are sometimes a little rusty, I know how to tell the difference between doing the minimum, doing a duty, and truly caring...You're a great big brother, you care, you protect them, you're proud of them… And you're talking about going through a situation that hurts you, because you want to be there for them… You love them. You are a great big brother, and from what I witnessed, a trusted friend, a lovely son, a wonderful boyfriend… All of it. You care so deeply, and it makes you so beautiful, Dean. I can see that, so don't tell me I painted the wrong picture of you because I didn't know the whole story. If I could, I would be by your side, I wouldn't let you be hurt anymore... Don't doubt that what you do is great, full of love..."
"What happened to Lee?" Cas asks puzzled, then quickly adds. "With both of them?"
“Umm… Nice couple. I'm rooting for you guys.” She declares. "Now let's go, Krissy."
"You didn't bring me ice cream when Lisa and I broke up." Dean points with a frown. “I took ice cream and Game of Thrones DVDs when you broke up with Gilda. You, on the other hand, took me to a gay bar…”
She considered it a bit, but decided not to poke this part of his past, so she continued. “But your crush, Victor Henriksen, will be there with Nancy…”
Dean swallows, and smiles softly at him.
"Was it that bad?" Cas raises his eyebrows.
"You know, if I wanted to shoplift in this store, it would be very easy." The teenager says as she passes the money to Castiel. “Every time I come here it's like following a bad romcom, but now I think you've reached the soap opera drama level. You get so distracted..."
Castiel shrugs.
"Hey Pam!" Dean greets her a little unsteadily for the hug. "You're a sight in the eyes."
"Sorry brother." He responds with a muffled laugh. “I was committed at the time, and you looked like a baby… Still...”
"Running away from our father?" Sam points adamantly. “Dean, he wasn't yelling at me and I was scared. I ran to that car because I didn't want to be alone with him, and you were scared, Dean… You didn't have to be scared in your own house, of your own father… Even if he didn't mean to…” Sam trails off, but Dean understands what he meant. “He was the first person who knew about you, who saw you, wasn't that, Dean? How he reacted wasn't good, wasn't right… You shouldn't go through this, Dean. Then or now...”
Dean laughs.
Dean mutters to himself.
"Okay." That's all Dean says, his cheek pressed against some of Cas' hair.
Dean says incredulously.
"What do you want me to say, Dean?" Lee asks with a tired sigh.
"He's, uh, socializing with others." Dean responds, thinking he's going to get Cas and whisper to him a warning about Pamela.
"What?"
“Anyway,” Charlie glares at him in response, before quickly shrugging and turning her attention to Cas. "I thought
“Whoa.” Pam laughs and sighs dramatically. “I still have that stupid tattoo... Well, it wasn't forever, but that could mean good news for someone.” Pam raises her eyebrow looking from Dean to Cas suggestively.
“I did.”
Dean smirks some more before letting out a sigh.
” Dean replies.
Dean swallows hard, not knowing how to respond for a few minutes. So he just nods, like he means he's heard and knows how significant all of this Sam said is.
Dean says this sincerely, but with a hint of bitterness in his own words, his eyes meet Cas's and the two get caught again in that feeling that they know each other more than they should have known so far. Maybe because there is some common experience of being away from the families they grew up in, being alone and still trying to figure out what to do, what they want when the rest of the world seems to have an opinion about what it should be.
And maybe he was.
"I don't think you're a villain, Lee." Dean speaks slowly, taking a step back, releasing the air he held. "Actually I'm sorry your experience doesn't seem to have gotten any easier over time, but you're an idiot with a lot of shit and assumptions about me. It's not on me."
Dean calls out as soon as they stop, a nervous smile on his face.
"How can this be cool, Dean?" And Castiel's doubt is sincere. "Isn't that ridiculous?"
"That's nice." Cas says in a low voice, eyes closed. His expression is more relaxed than before.
Cas says, but this time he sounds quieter and his shoulders slump a little.
“You're going to have to work harder on this. Although it is not a very difficult or impossible mission.”
"Me too." Castiel says sincerely, a smile on his face. Dean beside him holding his hand.
"Not for sure, but I think he needed some time Dean." Sam is firmer. “Being here these days... You can keep pretending it wasn't a big deal, but it clearly is. And Cas was basically immersed in 24 years of Dean Winchester - family plus friends and ex-dates stories in less than three days. It’s overwhelming…Also, you said you wanted to get closer to Adam, and whether you like it or not, Adam was pretty scared… Cas isn’t dumb, Dean. He must have realized that… He probably wanted to give us space to sort out our family problems…”
Dean swallows. He wants to... Deep down, and he doesn't have to dig that deep to figure it out, he wants to call Cas to travel with him for the holiday. He wants movie nights, the dates where they taste each other's food, the times when they take breaks from their respective jobs to spend time together chatting, the text messages… He wants it to mean more… If he could have more… But maybe he doesn't have exactly what he wants, and that's fine. Maybe he can do enough of what he already has... Anyway, Cas is his friend, so it wouldn't hurt to know if he'd like to spend time with his family and other friends, Dean thinks.
“Dean…” Lee's voice is softer this time.
Dean puts a hand on his shoulder.
Castiel sighs, sitting on the couch in Dean's apartment. Maybe he's being too dramatic. He's been around Dean for four months, and it's been one of the best times in his life. No pressure to be anyone other than the person he's still trying to figure out. Things between them are going well, and he doesn't feel any urge to change them so quickly. Maybe that's as close to "normal" as he's ever felt, and yet… Never mind. Castiel still thinks this friendship is unique - not that he's had many to compare - but he thinks he and Dean might have some profound bond. Maybe because he's found a place where the crack he has in his chest, which has always seemed like a manufacturing defect, numbed so as not to feel the fullness of an unresolved void, can just shine through his skin without rebuke. For the first time in his 26 years, he has risked looking inside, through the wound, and realizing how many wonderful things, in addition to the frightening ones, he can keep in himself, and how many of those things can leak out and be felt by another somebody.
Benny seems to consider this for a second, and understands what kind of resemblance Charlie is referring to.
“That doesn't change the fact that I was the one driving.” Dean says dryly, trying not to let his voice crack. “That I let you in the car when I was…”
Dean decides to ask, since Cas seems a little distracted.
"Did you call once when I couldn't talk, and then gave up?" Balthazar speaks indignantly. “And is it my fault? I called you back and you just said 'I'm fine.' and hung up… Your father said to give you space until you get back.”
Castiel complements.
“Now, you're kidding me.”
********************************
"You're kidding right?" Dean gasps, frowning.
*****************************************
“Cas, I'm not that good with words…I…” And Dean swallows, squeezes Cas' hand once more, and leans his body in an uncomfortable way that allows him to be close to Cas' ear. “For what matters, I'm here, I'm proud of you, Cas… You're adapting to a reality that wasn't always yours, you're having new experiences at your own pace… You're here, talking to me… Man, I feel that this is big and that you are very brave to face all that you have faced. And you are so kind, Castiel. You don't have to be kind all the time for this to be true. You are thoughtful. You're kind, you're good... And frankly adorable..."
He responds, stirring his piece of cake with his fork.
And with that Dean almost spits out his own coffee, Cas just raises his eyebrow a little, but keeps telling everything, unfazed.
They went to bed late, and Castiel stayed at Dean's apartment. They were exhausted, physically and emotionally, so they fell asleep quickly. Castiel showered there and borrowed some clothes from Dean. They slept cuddling, as they had been doing whenever they spent a night in each other's places, which has become more and more frequent.
“Umn…Cas…” Dean starts to say calmly. "We haven't talked before, so I didn't tell you, but that day I ended up going to Swayze's and I saw Lee again."
Dean hears Castiel saying, not looking directly at him. And delivering the groceries to Dean.
Castiel is embarrassed, apparently he needs to put on his list of mistakes the inability to take care of a baby for a few hours without freaking out. Will one day, if he has children of his own, will he be able to be a stable rock that those small, fragile and helpless beings can count on? He also adds that item to his self-doubt list.
"Yeah, I think I got close once." Dean ventures to say, still cautiously. "Once I mentioned the way you cut off relationships with your father, with your family..."
They stare at each other wordlessly, Dean's mouth a little open, he then shifts a little, and chuckles.
“Cas…” Dean cuts in, his voice low. "I'm a little tired from the trip, I think we can get ready for bed, okay?" So he changes the subject, trying to lighten his voice this time. "This mattress for both of us..."
"Brother, you sometimes worry about silly things and think too much." Benny shakes his head and smiles. "Don't you think, Castiel?"
“Is it?” Castiel becomes self-aware that he has no idea what expression is on his face or what he looks like with a hat, and he becomes a little anxious wishing there was a mirror nearby.
"Oh it's true." Charlie says, biting her lip, then smiles. "Which was even better, though you turned down that cute guy who was with us, Aaron…”
Dean suddenly recovers, very self-aware of his own excitement about his job.
"I know what you want to tell me, Dean." He says very calmly. “That it wasn't my fault, that I was a child and that I was also hurt, suffering or confused… You know, Ana was the one who found me curled up in an alley near the school. I put my head against the wall and hit the asphalt, hyperventilating… And she took care of me, took me home, talked to me… I think if I was totally alone at that moment, I wouldn't even be able to get up… Because nothing made sense… She was so young, and asked me what I was feeling so openly. I couldn't tell, I just buried it, but she, like a good big sister, kept checking... Samandriel changed schools, I didn't want to make any more friends there... I got into fights that I lost... I went to Mass and I did my homework, I was praised for being quiet in the classroom... I wanted so much to be good, truly good, but at the same time I couldn't feel good…”
"Cough cough." A person fakes a cough and clears her throat adding an element to the tension inside the store. A dark-haired teenager carrying chocolates and snacks that she dumps on the counter. "Excuse me, all the drama was good to follow, but I need to go."
"You, Sam and your father…?"
Nora says in the kindest of voices, and then she calls out to him as he walks the stairs, leaving the porch.
"Well, me and Cassie are fine... At least the last time we saw it gave me that impression…” He shrugs.
Cas lets out a small laugh. Then look around. “You don't think it's a little sinister here. Someone might think it's bad for us…”
“Charlie, this is Cas. Cas, Charlie." Dean intervenes, with a shaky smile.
He speaks, for what must be the hundredth time in the same night.
"Thank you, Dean." Cas speaks, his expression honest and open. Dean smiles.
After a few weeks of working through late-night shoots, Dean has his schedule and sleep all messed up. He's tired and in a bad mood, which doesn't help when he gets a call from Sam on his day off.
"She hardly has any possible relationship to your sibling offspring."
Dean doesn't hold it back, the tension of the moment broken into a laugh, he starts to shake his body and can't stop laughing.
"Did you not...?" Lee challenges, an eyebrow raised.
Since Dean wasn't having as much fun as he would have liked, and Cas had gone into more introspective mode during the night, he decided that they should leave before Jo closed the RoadHouse and walked around for a bit. An opportunity for them to have some time alone since they arrived in Lebanon.
"I liked Tombstone." Castiel interrupts him without thinking, almost muttering the words, causing Dean to turn to him.
"Look at you, cute and shy." He hears Dean say, his voice soft and smiling. Castiel looks up to stare at him, but Dean is no longer looking at Cas. He has his face turned towards the TV screen, passing through the streaming catalogue, out of the corner of his eye perhaps he notices that Castiel is looking at him with his mouth a little open, fascinated by his easy yet unsettling presence there. "Well, no Tombstone today... We're going to see The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, because it's a crime that you haven't seen a movie with Clint Eastwood playing a cowboy...Honestly..."
“Still pretty much the same…” Dean dismisses, trying to avoid going back to the latest events, but can't, nor does he try, to disguise the hint of bitterness that is still present.
Castiel closed his eyes and felt a thumb brush his cheek again, fingers touching his face, and he realized he was crying. Crying has become something more human and commonplace for Castiel than he expected it to be in his adult life.
When his cell phone rings, with Sam wondering where the hell he's gone, and asking to be picked up, Dean is already close to the exit, not having any desire to look back a second time.
Dean can't weaken the uneasiness inside him, his heart keeps pounding, and he lets out his breath along with the weight of the doubt he's been holding. Cas stayed. Cas definitely didn't leave and didn't choose to disappear without saying goodbye. They can work this together. He hopes.
Castiel doesn't say anything, he walks slowly closer to Dean and approaches. Dean's personal space is greatly reduced. And tentatively, practically asking permission without saying it out loud, Castiel gets close enough that their chests are touching, and he puts his head on Dean's shoulder, close to his neck. He just stands like that, breathing lightly, until Dean lifts his own arms and holds him in a light, gentle hug. It's what Castiel needs to hug him back, to sink into Dean more firmly and surely.
“Dean, I could go with you if you wanted…” Cas says serious but soft. “You don't have to worry about me, I'm used to it…”
“Lorna, you don't need to bring the beers, I'll take care of it myself. Can you take care of things here for a moment while I catch up with him?"
"It's not my fault." Dean holds up his hands, sheepishly. “And I'm with Cas…”
"I'm." Cas says leaning towards Dean.
Dean responds.
Dean offers.
"Dude!" Sam interrupts, frowning at him. Then he turns to Cas, with a falsely innocent and disinterested smile. "So, Cas… You and Dean, you're pretty serious now, aren't you?"
Castiel had explained to Dean that Balthazar is one of his cousins. His mother, Hesther Grace, had married a very wealthy businessman who lived in London, and Balthazar and Inais Knight were geographically distant cousins, but they were the closest friends Castiel had during a time in his life. Apparently they still had some family and professional relationship with the Novaks, and that didn't please Castiel. After that they ate in silence, and Dean only spoke again to tell him about the last day of filming and post-production before the break for the holiday season.
Dean cuts him off.
They were about to say goodbye, when a girl with long red hair and bangs started to approach them.
“Not as much as you are in flight.” He absently replies, not noticing that this wasn't the best example to bring up, because Dean has avoided talking about how terrified he is during flights, something Castiel can only superficially quantify by Dean's tight grip on his hand and his inability to relax throughout the entire trip.
And Cas blushes, apparently embarrassed, as Nora goes back to the stockroom.
"Umn… So you, uh, were 'pretty serious'?" Cas asks awkwardly.
Castiel responds as he organizes items off a shelf. He turns to Dean, looking a little uncertain.
“Dean, you are the best big brother I could have. We may not be alike in a lot of ways, but I always look to you when I ask myself what is the right thing to do, especially about how to be a big brother.” Sam says all this fondly annoyed. “So, I'm sorry, jerk, but you can't give me a compliment like that without it being extended to you too. Take it or leave it.”
“Cas, you don't need to be jealous…”
And the way Dean says it, not looking away from him as he sits on the couch again, makes Castiel feel his face heat up. Castiel's gaze, so insistently directed at Dean's eyes, wavers and shifts to his hands, where he goes back to tearing the label off with his nails.
Sometimes in Castiel's life, when he didn't know how to express what he was feeling or thinking, he ended up becoming more introspective, not everyone had the patience to stay around, and he started to think that maybe it was for the best. He ended up hurting people who cared about him without even intending to, because the difficulty he felt in reading the room, acting appropriately in the face of others' emotions, knowing what to say in the correct way according to social interaction in the which was…He was doing well so far, however it was part of him. There were a lot of conventions that didn't make that much sense to him. It also didn't help that his mother tried to keep him isolated from a good part of the content created and spread in this world, thinking that she failed their older brothers, that they had more freedom than they should have after their father's absence. … And that virtually any content of fantasy and fiction was an open door inviting perversion and immorality.
Dean whispers close to his ear, low and weighing more than a name should. “Cas…”
Cas sighs.
Was that a sign?
“She doesn't know shit, Cas. Pam likes to tease, sometimes she goes a bit over the top when she doesn't know the person..." Dean assures. “The truth is that, Lee and I, we had a confusing time together, so it wasn't an outright relationship, as maybe you're thinking… We were 16, 17 years old… Lee wasn't out, I wasn't totally out… we, uh, weren't even out to ourselves for a while… We were friends, he and I still lived in Lawrence. Well, my dad adored Lee at the time... But, we didn't have more than one friendship and I... Umn, I was a teenager with a lot of issues, Cas… I wasn't even remotely as cool about these things as I am now… I'm not proud of how I acted when I still didn't understand what I was going through…”
"Andy is an ok guy." She shrugs.
A bottle of beer that had been opened and forgotten, shakes and falls beside them, who continue to lie down, standing a moment longer in that embrace. The liquid spills onto the floor, staining the fabric borrowed from the RoadHouse. They don't notice. They also don't realize it's past midnight, and it's Thanksgiving Thursday. It was an ordinary Monday when Castiel started working at Gas-N-Sip, the same day that Dean Winchester decided to walk into the convenience store and conveniently continue to appear in Castiel's sight. It was a Wednesday they kissed for the first time. Before that, a Friday in which Castiel called Dean to watch something on Netflix with him. It was on a Saturday morning that they said they were
And so, without quite knowing why, Dean realizes that he is interested in knowing more about Castiel, whose name belonged to the Angel of Thursday.
"You got... Are you better?" Dean says with a gasp. A thought runs through Dean's mind, and if Cas stayed just to say 'goodbye'.
"Why the surprise?" Jo asks, unfazed.
"Well, on the far side of my family I have a crazy aunt who could be our common relative." He says with an amused smile.
"Did you not have?" Lee challenges, an eyebrow raised.
"How come you always have a crap boyfriend? Do you remember Jesse?" He retorts in a teasing tone equal to hers.
"Why are you wearing a cowboy hat?" He tilts his head, eyebrows knotting. Dean gives a half-embarrassed, half-enthusiastic smile, and then shakes the hat he has in his other hand. Castiel's eyes widened. "Oh, don't you think I'm going to wear this absurd hat?"
"Excellent." Sam speaks, and Dean can imagine him smiling. "Then invite him, jerk."
Castiel swallows. Maybe their timing hadn't been the best, when Balthazar had returned the call, Castiel had every point of his pride hurt. Ana, Amara, Gabriel, Balthazar… All were far away or too busy, and he couldn't blame them for having a life of their own apart from Castiel, however, that didn't make that first night he spent lost, without having a familiar place to go, easier.
"Sam is overreacting, we just got here." She responds with a smile. But then she and Sam change their expressions, Sam opens his mouth a little and they both arch their eyebrows. Dean already knows what they're seeing before he turns around.
"Some things yes, others no." Jo responds without paying much attention to Dean's crises. “Anyway, we're not getting any younger, Dean. It's impossible to completely stop changing… At least not as long as we keep breathing this sweet, increasingly polluted air.”
“We don't need to pretend, Lee… No, you don't get to pretend like we're still friends. I don't know you.” Dean says seriously and kind of tired, and then adds. “Why did you disappear?” Dean asks because that's the only point he wants to close there, before leaving that town.
They stare at each other for a while, the question Cas doesn't ask answered by Dean being a little uncomfortable.
"Charlie." Dean cuts her off, exasperated and a little too late. He lets out a forced laugh. “She's hilarious, didn't I tell you, Cas? Like the little sister I never wanted…”
"I think I made a move." Castiel speaks, looking astonished at himself. "Is that okay?"
And hearing the affection in Castiel's voice, which somehow adds gravity to a simple moment that shouldn't be a big deal, Dean swallows and smiles as Charlie and Benny watch them closely. When Castiel says goodbye and leaves, Dean knows this isn't over yet.
He answers honestly.
Cas responds, withdrawn.
"And Eileen too…?"
"Dean." Castiel cuts in and seeks Dean’s hand, reaching it between them. “I wanted to go with you, I wanted to get to know more of you… I suppose I've gotten used to hearing certain things that hurt me alone, receiving them, but…” And Castiel's helpless eyes catch Dean's. "I've never cared about anyone the way I care about you... I just want good things for you... And suddenly it wasn't so much simpler or acceptable to see someone offering less than you deserve... I couldn't stand it."
A dorky, Dean thinks, and yet he can't help but smile, giving the guy a smirk, as he asks
Castiel shakes his head.
"Oh." Castiel almost chokes. “And we can still be friends…”
Without them talking much about it, a decision was made and Dean stopped by Castiel's small apartment. So the next night, after work, Castiel already expected Dean to stay there with him.
is the best way to define what happened." Dean finally answers. “For starters, Lee is the reason my dad knows I'm not straight…”
"I was visiting John." Dean says dryly.
"Was Adam really scared?" Dean asks, dreading hearing the confirmation and feeling bad for Adam and Cas.
It happens on a Thursday, because the Thursdays since the day of his birth are destined for inconvenient happenings in Castiel's life. He's been working at
With that, Balthazar walks towards the exit, but first examines Dean up and down, as if measuring his worth while carrying the unknown of who he was.
Dean uses a very suggestive tone and hopes Castiel understands. It takes him a while to catch the insinuation suspended in midair.
***************************************************
Dean sighs, he can't go back on any of that. He looks around at the playground and avoids looking directly at Castiel. He sees the colorful swings suspended in the air, the slide, the silence only broken by a few insects or noises in the distance. Dean was never on this playground as a kid, he was never a kid in Lebanon. He arrived there to live a part of his life when he had too much resentment and was old enough to understand that some damaged parts never fully recover, the scar remains. However, tilting his head to the sky, he sees the stars and a dark immensity that has always been part of the place where he could first find himself more whole than broken. Lebanon was home when he thought he would only know escape routes, and there was no better place to share his story with Cas.
"Dean." Sam looks outraged. “It's nine in the morning.”
“I know…” Dean sighs. "So…"
Silence.
"I know, Dean." Sam sighs. “If it's any comfort to you, I've talked to Adam... He seems to have understood better and calmed down about Cas... "
Dean doesn't respond right away, which makes Cas worry and start pinching the bottle's label. He heard the noise of maybe a closet opening and closing, and when he speaks, his voice is clear, but not so close.
*********************
Dean assures.
Then Dean points to the spot next to Cas. “Can I…?”
"Separations can be complicated and difficult." Castiel points. “Especially for the kids… I don't even remember my dad leaving, but I think for you…”
“What's up, bitches?” She greets them both, smiling at Dean and suddenly stopping at Castiel, squinting at him, as if she's just realized she has no idea who he is, until her eyes widen and she smiles excitedly. “Whoa! Is that who I think it is?”
"Oh, Dean keeps saying
Balthazar shakes his head.
"Sammy, you're a great little brother and you turned out to be a great big brother too." Dean turns to Sam to give him a small but heartfelt smile as a thank you for being there.
Dean responds by absorbing the same concern without first knowing the reason for it.
"Apparently, yes." Dean smiles and nudges Cas with his shoulder.
Castiel hesitates a little unsure.
Castiel absently holds the bottle. “Nothing special…” And after a moment of hesitation. “Are you sure it won't be a bother if I go with you? Your… parents, won't they mind?”
“That it's not just John... Or that sometimes there are more Johns or, uh-- or there are other worse examples, sometimes more than people you can really count on to be truly accepted…” Dean says this more calmly. “I heard your story, Cas, and even then, maybe I didn't understand at the time how lonely it was for you to go through that and how much it still must be…With me, I had my mom, Ellen, Sam and Jo... Since I moved in with my moms, they've been concerned with creating, uh, a community, a family, with which I could be who I was... And then I learned to choose my friends, people I could trust.”
"I am not." He denies it but responds too fast, too defensive. “I'm just putting the pieces together with what Pamela said…”
Dean looks at her exasperated and quickly at Benny, who is about to munch on a hamburger. He laughs, shoulders moving, even though he tries to contain himself.
For the first time in a very long time Castiel feels that he has found the meaning of what it is to feel this kind of happiness together, one of the truths that seems to come to him as part of this life. And the part of him that is reserved for silent prayers and hopeless requests seems to receive new colors. There is so much more to happen, to find, to feel, so much more to discover... It's terrifying and fascinating. For the first time in a very long time, he feels he's okay with who he can become. Isn't that a wonderful feeling?
"Of course he's your friend, and he seems like a good friend, potentially a great best friend to you." She nods, but then continues, softer and more empathetic. "But, the way you talk about him, the way you get nervous around him... The way you guys just stare at each other in moments with nothing else to say..." And then she goes back to impatient mode with Dean. "Seriously, Winchester, what are you waiting for when you have
Dean asks cautiously.
It's all Dean has to say when the two of them are alone in the convenience store, just before they go out to lunch together.
He's practically been your biggest crush since, I don't know? Benny here.”
Cas rolls his eyes but holds back an involuntary smile. "I'm serious."
"So you called up Andy Gallagher?" Dean doesn't hide his surprise.
“Can you imagine? In a world where I wasn't so lucky, maybe we've never met…”
"Umn." Castiel manages to elaborate eloquently.
He asks, still a light chuckle, looking friendly? Affectionate? Maybe Dean is starting to read too much in his interactions with the guy.
Cas is standing in the middle of the room, staring at them awkwardly. His hair all messed up, a Led Zeppelin shirt and Dean's hot dog pants.
Dean knew everything about that world, Castiel dared to think, he knew about tv shows, about movies… Even though it was part of his job as a PA, he knew by name the extra of a scene that no one would ever notice. And Dean seemed content to spend time with Cas, which made him harbor the idea that maybe he wasn't as unwanted as he thought.
"Cas, Pam." Dean responds with a sigh, because there's not much to come up with right now. “We studied together and…”
Cas finally seems to breathe more easily. A little more freely.
"I don't think my mom is your aunt." Castiel says with narrowed eyes, as if he's thought about it seriously. "Although 'crazy' would be a definition for some of her actions, even if the term is not technically accurate."
"Should I know who Lee is?" Castiel asks, a little tense. One eyebrow arched like he was about to throw a dart, but his voice was calm, steady.
, making taquitos for a customer, when a naturally amused voice with a British accent calls out to him, by the least endearing nickname he might have received from anyone who cared about him once.
"Ha ha." Sam forces a laugh, sounding grumpy. “She is great, thanks for asking. And you know what I mean. You and Cas, huh?”
He says spontaneously, but somehow that doesn't sound natural.
Dean responds, his expression soft but serious.
"It would be a world in which I wouldn't have had any luck either then..."
Cas responds, not understanding Dean's interest at that point.
"Thanks, Sam." That's what Dean manages to say before turning on the radio to go the rest of the way.
"Yep." Dean answers without looking at him, keeping his focus on unfolding the blanket.
"And that's the problem, man." Dean shakes his head, his gaze clouded. “My dad is the type who calls himself 'tolerant' but doesn't recognize or take away any of the 'harmless' shit he says or does. You've been through so much shit with your own family, I just wish…” Dean looks half exasperated, half angry, helpless. “I wish you only had the good part of the holiday, the part worth having. I didn't want your visit here to end with you having to hear some nasty comment because John won't be careful what he says as he didn't 'intend to offend'... Me and my dad, we're trying, and I-- I can handle it…” Dean sighs. "There's my brother there too. It's so rare for me to have time to see him... When he was born, uh, when he was younger, things between me and John were pretty ugly, so I wasted a lot of time not knowing him well… And the boy is great... But you, Cas, don't have to go through that."
Cas responds, looking tired at the direction of that conversation.
"I am not in
"Dean, as you said, they're married... Even religious, you'd think she's not..."
"Keep saying that to yourself, Balthazar." Castiel now looks up and meets the familiar eyes of an old friend once. “I'm not saying you don't have the ability or talent, but I know how my father works… He, the team that works with him… Do you think you will bring your ideas to life and make them have their own identity? I say he will interfere until he takes it away from you... And since you're here, I believe it's more than telling me the good news, because you could have called... Oh yeah, you've been radio silent for the last year... ”
"Bitch." That's what Dean replies, trying to hide how much he could cry just because of what Sam said.
"I just hope John doesn't screw it up again." Dean says through gritted teeth.
Dean clears his throat and straightens his posture so he doesn't look affected.
Steve turns to Dean confused. Steve tilts his head, then follows Dean's gaze to the name tag, realization dawning on his face, eyebrows raised.
“For you to move on with one of those girls… With any other girl.” He vents. Lee goes back to looking hard at Dean, but with something bruised behind that bitterness. “Having the apple pie life, the normal and perfect life that you wouldn't need to hide!"
Dean's first view of the porch in front of his mother's house is Cas sitting on the second step, with a mug beside him. He has his legs bent, his chin resting on his knees and his arms holding himself up. He looks too small and desolate for the full-grown adult that he is.
"Well, I had a conversation with our dad." Sam says seriously, but Dean is unsure if he wants to dig too much into it now. Sam continues. "And Adam will still have the two of us around... He'll end up fine." Sam seems pretty sure of it, more than Dean allows himself to believe.
"Good." And Dean leans toward him, another kiss in return. Castiel bites his lower lip, experiencing that slowness that seems to take over that moment.
All this seems to be a reassuring fact, as if Dean could foresee the whole dynamic of this place, with those people he clearly trusted. His family, large and diverse in a way that Castiel's couldn't be without each of them hurting the other for their differences.
"Sometimes you are so stubborn." Balthazar speaks with a sigh, then he glares at Castiel, more serious than is comfortable for Cas to admit. “I would like to work with you on this project. I said this once to you, that you would always have me... I know it looks like I failed at this, but I meant it, Cassie ”
"Balthazar." Castiel says, handing the taquito to the customer, distracted enough not to act with the usual courtesy. "What do you do here?"
"Mm-hmm... But moving on..." Dean cleared his throat, then he tried to laugh, still wiping a few tears from his cheek. “The rest of the story, uh, it's not so bad… My mom spent afternoons with me while I was recovering, we had small talk for awhile, then she started watching Dr. Sexy episodes with me, that was at the end of season three, so I needed to fill her in on what had happened before…So at the beginning of season four, they introduced a new character, a new male doctor who sees Dr. Sexy for the first time, he had already flirted with Dr. Piccolo, so I thought he would be her love interest… But his reaction to seeing Dr. Sexy? Dammit! I could understand that…And I said this to my mom, in a casual comment, and she was like,
“He eventually showed up at the hospital when I was about to be discharged. I think almost losing his two children was a big scare even for him… My mom told me that he stayed by the hospital, even when he didn't see me. After we moved he tried to get closer, slowly… After a while he took me fishing again, he made the Impala repair our project, not that we talked much during it.” Dean tries to shrug. “He never mentioned Lee's name again… And Lee and I got together afterward, for a little while, before he disappeared… My dad stopped going to that bar too. Ironically the accident that made him spend more time in the hospital than the bar that week, helped him to meet Kate, who is a nurse… So after all that he seems to be trying to do better with Adam, but I know the effort he makes has a limit, so, uh, I try to get closer to Adam, because I don't know what will become of him in the future. Maybe he will always have John, maybe he will be left with the same understanding of the world that almost took good things out of me… that's what keeps Sam and me from giving up, because if Adam needs to, he'll know he has a family he can count on.”
“Well, his wife and our brother Adam will be there too…” Dean tries to shrug, but he knows where this conversation is going.
