"yeah, hurry up."
"you sure aren't having trouble doing it now."
"right there," dean moaned out, taking the sheets into one of his hands and gripping tightly. cas focused his motions in that area, quickening his speed as well, making dean moan out. "fuck."
upon entering school the next morning, it was very apparent that both nothing, yet everything, was different between them. of course, the energy was the exact same hatefulness it had been the morning prior, but the incessant stares coming from dean was almost unbearable. dean obvious shot daggers to castiel at any given moment, everyone knew that, but this? this was so much different. cas couldn't quite pinpoint the reason as to why.
"yeah, obviously. if you come over though, gabe is probably going to intrude. luci and michael are gone again for god knows how long," cas groaned, rotating in his seat slightly.
"no, dipass. school might get cancelled," she groaned back to him. a small glob of ranch rested on the side of her mouth, and castiel pointed it out with a chuckle. she simply wiped it off and continued to eat.
castiel did feel slightly bad about going so slowly, as there was a sharp intake of air the whole time, but he assumed it would feel better than doing it all at once.
cas pulled into the driveway carefully, as dean's stupid car sat directly in the middle. once the car was parked and turned off, cas sighed as his forehead met the leather steering wheel. his thoughts came at him like a truck on a freeway. his brain almost didn't seem to be working correctly throughout the entire day until this exact moment. dean, of course, was the only thing coming to mind, but at this point, if cas could have a moment without dean in his brain, he was proud of himself.
dean smirked as he looked away, but his eyes quickly narrowed back onto cas. he leaned forward, just by his ear, and whispered, "you're so fucked." after that, he simply let the smaller go and walked away to his seat.
"i did not!" she shouted a little louder than necessary. "i hate you so much, castiel."
more slow thrusts were exchanged before dean felt more comfortable, and castiel wasn't a total prick, so he waited to speed up until he was told that he could. he went at a medium pace, the sound of skin slapping and loud grunting filled the room, as well as a stronger stench of sweat. castiel was fairly quiet, but dean had become a mess underneath cas.
luckily for cas, he only had to deal with dean in two classes a day and at practice.
"yeah? what are you gonna do if i don't? oh right, nothing. you never do."
"i don't have condoms or lube," cas mumbled as he tried to get out of dean's grip.
"i'm not doing doggy this time," dean deadpanned, watching cas climb onto the bed.
meg's eyebrows raised before one dropped lower and she questioned, "did he have a reason to be there or was he just waiting for you?"
"assbutt."
"oh, don't i? certainly shouldn't take lessons from you then, should i?" cas shot back.
"i'm being nice enough to wait, i could fuck you right now," castiel practically hissed, purposefully slamming into dean harder than he had before, earning a rather loud inhale from the other. "so shut the fuck up."
dean simply chuckled as he gripped the fabric tighter and shoved cas further up against the car. "you're just all talk, you wouldn't hit me if you wanted to."
more silence sat with them, cross-legged on the carpet, talking so much that they couldn't get a word in.
castiel almost had to force himself to get out of his car and into his house. he was not prepared to see dean in the slightest. he had already had to see him for so many more hours than normal, so him being in the one area cas thought he could be alone was extremely annoying.
"what the hell are you doing here? are you fucking kidding me?" castiel shouted, walking closer to the seated man. "you really can't fucking leave me alone for a fucking afternoon?"
dean rolled his eyes but got up and went into the bathroom, leaving cas alone once again. he sat and waited for his turn, but his mind was almost completely empty. every thought was something he didn't want to think about, so he blocked everything out until there was nothing.
what it was was nothing. there was nothing between dean and castiel, of course. it was just a one time thing, never to happen again. cas didn't even know why it happened in the first place. one minute, they were yelling spiteful words in each other's direction, and the next, cas had his cock buried in dean's ass, slamming him in the prostate. he didn't think his "fuck you" would actually turn into an invitation, and dean, more than likely, didn't think his "fuck me?" was an acception, but here they both are.
"let go of me or i'm gonna kick you in the back and send your vertebra out your neck like a pez dispenser," cas rattled off.
he smiled and tossed the crouton back toward meg, landing back into her bowl. "he shoots, and he scores."
"why do you care?" dean scoffed, finally looking another direction. "wouldn't have to look at you anymore if they did."
"again? so soon?" dean whispered. he rolled his hips into castiel's roughly and held him tighter against his body.
"he wouldn't have done anything," cas groaned, throwing his head back. "he just shoved me against the lockers and knocked me over a bench. if i was in a better mood, i would have rocked his shit."
cas sat down in a seat a few columns away from dean, but still in the same row. his eyes watched the shorter the entire way to the seat, and the gaze turned to a glare the moment their eyes met. his eyes, despite being feet away, shined as brightly green as ever, almost in a teasing manner, almost showing that he was still a stereotypical attractive guy despite being one of the worst people on earth.
cas spends time in his favorite private area and has another encounter with dean.
"boys! boys! stop that! get up!" someone yelled, an older male voice.
"fuck you."
"the less of you in my mouth, the better. including your filthy name." dean's eyes were now focused on his phone once again as cas started walking slightly closer.
"fuck," he whimpered as he turned his head toward cas. "fuck."
cas slid his fingers slowly into dean, glancing up at dean every few seconds to see his clenched eyes and furrowed brows. he curved his fingers up slightly and felt the spot that he was looking to find. dean took a sharp inhale and bit his lip.
"yes, be patient for two seconds."
cas looked up at him and rolled his body so dean would fall off, or at least slip, so he could get away. once castiel was out from under him, he shoved the boy trying to stand up.
"what? castiel, are you a nutjob? we have our presentations in mrs. grimm's class tomorrow, and i am not in the mood for that."
"i said don't fucking do it."
"he fucking did what?" meg exclaimed, grabbing her starbucks cup and taking a sip of whatever hot pink colored drink was in it. "you're late because he almost fucked you up?"
castiel glared at him and rolled his eyes. "as if you would know. you don't know dean like i do. he is that bad."
"what are you doing back here? it's only been like an hour. i don't get off until nine," meg said as she slid steaming pretzels into the heated racks.
"enjoying yourself?" cas smirked as he thrusted quickly. he squeezed dean's hips tighter momentarily before loosing his grip again.
castiel removed his fingers and lathered his cock with the remaining lube before slowly sliding the tip into dean, which caused him to let out a pained moan.
gabe simply rolled his eyes and kept eating. "suit yourself."
if any boys were left in the room, they knew that if they didn't hurry, they would be left in the middle of a very usual fight between the two. none of them enjoyed being anywhere near them when they were fighting.
"get out," cas said simply, never even paying dean a glance.
with that, dean walked away, making sure to shoot the ball straight into the net as he did so.
"just do it," dean mumbled into his arm.
cas realized that it would be the first time he was going to fuck dean and actually getting to see his facial expressions as he did so. he will admit, dean isn't a bad looking guy, but just the fact that it was him was what made seeing him so bad.
"wanted to try something new," cas lied as he looked up to her. her hair was pulled back in a messy bun and she wore a pair of sweatpants and a sweatshirt. "and why do you look like you forgot to wake up this morning?"
"you may take a seat, castiel. you will be here for two hours and then you may go," the teacher stated, never looking up from her book.
"wow, nice to see you again, too, cas," dean sneered sarcastically, but complied to the request. his heavy boots slammed down on the linoleum aggressively, almost ringing in castiel's ears.
another slow thrust into dean caused the older to moan quietly, earning a scoff from the man under him. "don't get too comfortable, sweetheart," dean mocked.
"what the..." he mumbled, walking over and peering out. dean stood outside, looking at rocks in castiel's driveway, a flashlight in hand. "that little shit."
"again? they were gone for weeks last time. as much as i hate them, i miss them bothering us. they're soo much funnier than you," meg chuckled, earning a sarcastic grin from cas. "how is chuck just okay with them leaving all the time anyway?"
"stop being a baby."
the room fell completely silent, but at the same time, it felt like it was buzzing with some of the loudest screaming in the world. cas knew it was obviously just in his head, that it was just from the millions of thoughts racing in his mind, but he was so worried that someone else could still hear it.
at this point, no one was left in the room. they never want to be a witness to the physical fights. last time they were in the locker room during a fight, they all got detention and were beyond pissed.
cas' thursts were getting quicker by the minute, and he knew that he was getting closer and closer to going over the edge, but he couldn't cum first, most certainly not. how degrading would that be, cumming before the bitch getting bottomed?
"oh, shut the fuck up," dean remarked as he motioned to get off the bench. cas watched as he winced in pain with every motion. "fuck."
"parked down the street."
"okay, save it, you cunt. i feel like shit today. i'm also pissed because it didn't snow at all, and now i have to do a presentation looking like a depressed 12 year old. she's gonna take off points for sure, that wench." she plopped down behind me and began grabbing books from her bag.
dean's nostrils flared and his eyebrows furrowed as he clenched his fists tightly together. "you don't know when to stop, do you?"
he felt eyes drilling him from the side of his skull, and he didn't have to look to know it was dean, it's always dean.
"fuck," dean moaned out again. he lifted one arm up and brought his hand to his cock, slowly stroking himself.
okay, so maybe skipping practice wasn't the best idea after how bad it had been the day before, but cas could not handle going there after the fight in the locker room. they always fought, but it just felt different this time. he already knew dean would be pissed, he always is when cas skips, not that he does it much. he says that coach pays way too much attention to him when cas is gone and expects dean to play as well as an NBA star.
the rest of cas' school day was spent in in-school suspension with dean. the silence and angered stares between them was almost worse than the arguing. to be fair, at least cas wasn't going to be getting any more bruises. having a teacher in the room the whole time had one benefit, cas supposed.
the air between them, between the walls of the classroom, felt stale and dense, hard to breath. their hatred surely made it this way, and cas was sure that every soul in the room was watching them hesitantly, certainly not with the concentration and intensity the two were sharing.
"fuck me?" dean looked at cas, standing up from the seat.
"excuse me?" cas shot back, head whipping in dean's direction.
once fully in, he leaned against dean slightly, curving his hips around his ass and his stomach against his back. cas took hold of dean's upper thighs as he simply laid against him and waited to move. once dean felt like he was in less pain, cas slowly moved in and out, barely pulling his cock from dean's ass.
"now don't be such a fucking pussy and try to handle my fingers this time," cas mumbled as he pressed his index finger into the dean's hole.
he felt a soft knock to the back of his head as dean tossed a random piece of cloth in his direction. "keep your dirty jersey away from me."
"dean can't be that bad," gabe mumbled from the dining table behind meg.
lying was something cas hated to do, especially to meg. she was the only person who he could rarely lie to, so his convincing nature caught even himself off guard. is this really what this whole dean situation is going to come to? lying to his best friend? and not only lying, but being convincing enough that even meg falls for it?
of course it wasn't a big deal, but it felt like at least something. dean couldn't decide how it affected cas, and it felt like something to him, something that truly pissed him off.
"i'm glad. want me to- hold on," dean started before popping out on cas' side of the lockers. "want me to say it to your face? huh?"
cas parked his car in the school parking lot and immediately tensed up as he saw dean storming in his direction. he forced himself to rip himself from the seat and make his way outside. he barely closed the door before dean was screaming at him.
a few minutes passed of the silence, which was both appreciated and infuriating. dean had moved to tapping a pencil, but cas had completely tuned it out or he would have actually lost his mind. "your jaw is fucked."
castiel removed his fingers, earning a dissatisfied grunt. he rolled the condom on and slathered the rest of the lube on himself before lining up to dean's hole. he pressed the tip in and couldn't help but to let out a sound due to the tightness.
good to know.
"uhhh, fuck," dean moaned out, arching up his back slightly.
"don't fucking test me," dean spat, shoving his forearm against cas' chest to hold him against the lockers.
"you boys can't do things like that! you have detention after school, got it?" the teacher scolded, holding a hand out to cas. "i'm sorry, but you can't be tussling like that." dean said nothing as he walked away, his fists balled up tightly.
cas pulled into his driveway and frowned. there was a black chevy impala in his parking spot that he knew all too well. what the fuck was dean doing here? cas, rather angerly, put his car into park and shut it off. he opened and slammed his door shut once he got out. storming into the house, cas immediately spotted dean sitting at his dining table, dean's eyes wide.
"holy shit," dean called out, his thighs closing together slightly.
"you don't fucking get it, do you? i don't want to see you any more than i have to. you could have just fucking left, or at least told me you were going to be there! who just shows up unannounced?!" cas shouted, bring his hand up and shooting it at dean's cheek, his palm making contact with the skin and creating a loud slapping sound.
cas both enjoyed the secretiveness of the area, but he also wished he had someone he could experience it with. of course he could just show someone, but he never felt like it was a special enough occasion. he needed the moment to be perfect if he ever did reveal his safe place.
"oh, fuck off, jackass. you don't know the first thing about being attractive."
he rolled onto his side and looked at his bedside table, the sight of red numbers shining before him. 4:37, great, just his luck. groaning again, he quickly pulled his pillow over his head and let the coolness of the underside ice his face.
cas kept his same pace as he waited for dean to reach his high. dean's hand around his cock sped up to match cas' thrusts, which led, very quickly, to him reaching his peak. he yelled out as his body jerked forward, cumming across the bench under him. cas followed suit and choked out as he came, biting his lip rather harshly. there was no way he was going to be louder than dean, that bottom bitch.
one of dean's hands stayed tangled in the sheet while the other wrapped around castiel's wrist, pulling it up to his hair before letting go. he knew it had to be related to whatever pain thing dean had. cas tangled his fingers into the short hair before raising his hand up, tugging on the strands.
if there was anything cas had learned is that dean had a thing for pain.
cas couldn't think of a single thing that could be said to even begin to cover it, so he left it as if dean hadn't said anything at all. he finished getting dressed, washed his hands, and left in a hurry.
the hot water was calming, almost needed to calm his nerves, not that he really knew or understood what he was nervous about. bubbles coated his skin and felt soft against him. it made cas smile; the bubbles were pure and simple, everything he wished for. he didn't want to waste more water than he had to, so he rinsed himself off and got dry. walking back into the room, he took one look and sighed. there dean laid, his eyes closed and quiet snores escaping his lips.
cas groaned as he stared up at the beige ceiling, his eyes feeling like they were spinning. sleep was the last thing that cas seemed like he could achieve at the moment. sure, it was a friday night, so he didn't have to wake up early or anything, but he preferred to be up early enough to go on a jog to collect his thoughts. a weekly habit, he supposed.
"yeah? but you still let me top you," cas shot back, which made dean go wide-eyed.
the white honda civic jerked to a stop as cas pressed the brakes a little too hard. he sighed as he shifted into park and slowly dropped his head onto the steering wheel. his brain was absolutely swarming with thoughts, but he felt that he couldn't form any of them into even one that made sense.
the boys were still as they panted, chests rising and falling as they waited for their high to calm down. once sufficiently satisfied, cas slowly pulled out of dean, earning a rather aggressive grunt. castiel just simply rolled his eyes and peeled the condom off himself and tossed it in the bin.
"sulking is going to make you any better," cas rattled off, slipping off his jersey and tossing it into his bag.
cas sat down on the edge of the bed as dean moved to the floor, his knees making a muffled sound as they connected with the carpet. dean pulled cas' jeans and boxers to his mid thigh, being met with castiel's cock very clearly in his face.
"i actually enjoyed you being over there, i didn't have to look at your face that way," cas mocked as he stripped off his shorts and tossed them at dean. "but if you have to see mine."
cas continued to thrust into dean, he was so close. he watched as he started to feel the effects of the overstimulation and he bit his lip as he let cas finish, which he did moments later. dean's cum was covering his lower torso and his entire body was covered in sweat.
"right there-" dean choked out, his voice shaky.
dean let out a single laugh as he rolled his eyes, walking over to the bed. cas met him there and began to undo his belt and unbutton his jeans. "you gonna let me suck you off?"
clink.
dean took a step back but narrowed his eyes on cas. "you're so pretentious," he mumbled simply. "we're leaving, sam."
the moment felt so unreal, like he wasn't even living it. he didn't feel like himself at all. he would never do something like this, especially with dean, but here they were. it almost felt like when things became even remotely sexual, castiel's brain just shut off and he fell into whatever trap awaited him.
"oh god, not this again," cas whispered, mostly to himself.
castiel snatched up his keys off the counter and left the house to get to his car. the only person he could think to go to, the only person he could stand to see in this moment, was meg. she was most likely fed up with him always having problems with dean since it's been going on for over three years, but she's never said otherwise.
he stood, stunned by the words, before shaking his head and making his way over to cas and grabbing his arm and ripping him from the floor. dean shoved castiel into the lockers and held him down by his shoulders, their faces close. he rolled his hips into cas' and leaned into his ear.
"mhm, i'm sure you would love to have me in your mouth," cas mumbled, turning toward the stairs. a strong hand wrapped around castiel's bicep and pulled him backward. "hey!"
cas glared up into dean's narrowed eyes and felt himself regaining the rage from the hours before. he brought his hands up and grabbed dean's wrists and ripped them from his clothing. his eyes widened a bit at the swiftness of castiel, but he became even more surprised as cas whipped dean around and slammed him into the car.
"did i wake you up?" dean asked quietly.
"that all you got?" dean teased as he pulled away and slammed himself back into cas.
meg chuckled as she leaned back in her chair and just watched cas glaring at the boy he so dearly hated. "don't stare too long, people will think you're in love."
"sorry, didn't mean to strike a nerve or anything," she chuckled, insincerely as possible. cas simply rolled his eyes and began to focus on the teacher who had just walked in.
truth is, cas definitely didn't want her to do anything to dean. it would take whatever feud they had and just amplify it beyond belief. he was fully capable of handling dean and all the shit he did, he has for the last three years anyway. meg getting involved would get way too messy.
"Yeah, well, I'm the crown prince. I give you permission to enter Winchester," Dean called, turning the heads of some people who were nearby. Castiel hesitated, but eventually he guided his horse through the gate. "It's not like we could keep you out," Dean joked, when they found what looked to be stables. A young woman came out, wearing sturdy clothes and a wide brimmed hat. Dean was surprised when she greeted them in what sounded like somewhat stilted Enochian.
Dean had gotten himself into a lot of bad situations in his life. Being flung across the globe and even across time was hardly the most outrageous thing to ever happen to him. It spoke tomes that irritation was his primary emotion as he trudged along the unpaved path between verdant hills and fields without a human being in sight. Maybe he should be worried or even afraid, but no, Dean was pissed off.
To say that by putting distance between himself and Raurica, things got magically better would be a big fat lie. Because Dean felt like shit. He missed Cas every single day and it infuriated him so much that he wished he could just take his anger out on a nest of vampires. Lucky for him, Sam had decided that Dean needed a bit of babysitting while he was love-sick ("recovering from a love spell", Sam had called it but Dean was no idiot. He knew what this was), so there were no rushed hunts that would probably end with him dead in a ditch.
Luckily, Mary never did bring up the big question about mating and kids. She seemed to be fine to fuss over Jack, who happily allowed it. If she was unsure about where Cas and Dean's relationship would go, she certainly seemed to have no reservation about Jack. When Dean had still dated Lisa, Mary had only seen Lisa's kid Ben a couple of times and they never really got to bond as a family (which was for the better in the long run). Cas clearly had no reservations to have Jack bond with Dean's parents and since John again reminded them to not forget about grandma Millie, the Winchesters weren't exactly unwilling to connect properly.
"Yes, I know, I tried to score a lunch date with you last week but Tessa told me you were away," she said and Dean picked up on that right away. Tessa and Charlie, on the phone? That was dangerous. And when he looked up he did see Charlie study him. "She said you were being… very busy. And I'm not talking about the skipped lunches and leaving the office after 9PM." Dean merely shrugged, not in the mood to defend himself but still feeling irritated that he most likely would have to. "She told me you drive over 20 hours every weekend. Just to see Cas and also your parents." Again, Dean shrugged. "Dean, that's not reasonable."
"So, you're a hero?" Castiel asked which had Dean bark out a surprised laugh.
"I told you that I wouldn't take your kids. Don't you remember our conversation? I've come here to put you to the test," Gabriel announced.
A laugh of disbelief escaped the witch. Castiel, the Rapunzel child, was back, studying her out of a muddy face, with eyes as blue as pure fire.
. Castiel couldn't be more pleased with him.
"Doing all of this over a stupid swimsuit," he said. "Divorce is complicated. At least Jack is no longer a minor… That's a small comfort."
"But Sam's not here?" Dean shouted over the noise and breathed out a sigh of relief when Castiel shook his head. When they were out and had Jess transferred to a stretcher to be treated, Castiel took a moment just to stare up into the sky in despair.
"I'm gonna miss you all," Charlie said, rushing back out after Ambriel had managed to finally get her settled inside. She gave her angel friends fierce hugs, before she staggered over to Dean and Cas. "You've got to come back soon!"
whenever it pleases him, so he's bored." Charlie said.
The shift of atmosphere happened as gradually as the brewing of a storm and it was as disquieting as a canopy of black clouds slowly filling the sky. Dean didn't know if angels gossiped but the happy chatter and the cheerful faces that returned from the Milton Heights market seemed to dim as the hours passed.
Jack had technically spent most of the time after
"Those were the orders," Dean merely said and Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. "Look, I don't know how angels are organizing their army, but even as a general, I ultimately serve the crown." Castiel didn't comment that, instead he took a sip of his coffee. "When the information, especially about the organization of your armies, proved to be wrong, the king instantly requested clarification from Hess. I don’t know what information they have gathered in the meantime. But the source had been reliable for years."
Just great! Was this how it would go? Dean would have to be sacrificed for the greater good of the kingdom?!
“Yes, yes. Cleavage, bare legs. I got it. I’m not sure it’ll work,” the Shadow said, waving his hand dismissively. “But it’s not like I care. He’s your problem now.” With that the Empty collapsed in on itself an while it satisfied some part of Amara to see the form of her brother turn into black goo, she still wrinkled her nose. She heaved a sigh, then transported herself back to her brother, who was still fuming because the angel Amara had resurrected to edit his writing hadn’t given him a particular favorable feedback. But at least the damage he could do by making Dean die on stupid hunts in his revenge writing was minimal. And Metatron had promised to make sure nothing too bad would be released to the loyal fans of the series, so she had to trust that (not that she particularly cared.)
"I'm a man of many talents," he said cheerfully.
"So we will return home, analyze what has happened here and maybe we will be able to adapt our weapons," Bobby said, but Dean was not naïve enough to trust that this would help him in any way. They simply did not have the time for that. "We'll grill Hess and Ketch about their information. And we'll figure something out for Dean."
It was still early morning, after the children had been taken to school, so there weren’t many people around. But there were some. Most didn’t look his way, but he was aware of the few that did look and that either averted their eyes quickly or stared. He greeted some familiar faces with a little nod, though he had never tried to get to know the people in town like Dean had, so he wasn’t interested in staying to talk or explain why he was dressed the way he was.
"Well, it's time we put this night behind us. We will have an early start tomorrow," he said, then turned to leave when Lady Bevell nodded at him. He left her standing by the wall, but she called out to him when he was at the stairs leading down.
Screams echoed eerily through the forest and then died down. Finally, the sound of a hammer rang out until that too died down.
"I don't… I don't understand…?"
"In legend and stories it is called the splitting of the heart. He cleaved his own heart in two and half of it now beats in your chest," she explained and even though Dean was sure that in stories that sounded very romantic, he actually felt queasy about it. Naomi's eyes dropped to his chest where Dean had unconsciously started rubbing again. "But of course, that is mythic nonsense."
"Yeah, sure! Cas' shift is ending soon anyway, you can take your little family home then," she said with a wink. Then she went to the back where the staff room was. Castiel shook his head.
But it remained a wish. Michael did receive the reports and Michael did sit in on meeting after meeting, listening to the kings and listening to the High Council. And eventually he did make a decision.
"Not his daddy," Dean grumbled though he let it pass. Eventually Benny managed to wrestle Charlie back into the carriage before she could wrap Cas in another hug.
"I'm not following."
"But not officially. Not having official information means that everyone can already do their own investigations, but once it is officially announced they'll have to declare an opinion publicly," Cas told him.
Dean let go of him again after a while, quickly kissing him hello, before he took a small step back, still keeping his hand on Cas' shoulder. He wore a big, cheerful smile.
"Elysium has always been the land of angels," she told him. "It was the decision of the High Council and the four kings to retreat and allow change in the world. And if humans blow it then I guess it was too early for you," she said. Dean had no idea what she was talking about, but since Anna decided that they had talked enough, she excused herself with a reminder to ask her if he needed anything.
“If your power is for me, then I don’t need to be on my knees,” he hissed and Castiel tilted his head at him, looking up. “If it’s all for me, then I have other ways to worship you.” And Castiel’s face changed from detached to open. A slow change that came over him but made Dean suck in a breath. Castiel’s eyes shone with reserved hope, ready to be shattered again into something wetter, something helpless.
"So he's not… offended? That Cas wants to investigate?" Dean wondered.
"I also have to think about Dean's safety. He'd be alone among enemies!"
"At the moment we are united by a treaty. Winchester is my concern by marriage and Enoch can spare one flight, especially if Lucifer will put his entire focus on guarding his border against demons. My flights will have less to do anyway," Castiel explained calmly.
"You're an angel," Dean growled, which had Gabriel take an exaggerated bow.
"That's what I thought. You keep everyone here at a distance and that's not only because you're ungrateful. You are a prisoner here. How friendly can the angels expect you to get with them if you're in this situation? Charlie and the others don't have the same limitations. They're free to move, they don't contractually belong to Cas. If you want to build bridges, Dean, I'm all for it, but for me you are justified. Justified in not getting too friendly with the angels, justified in keeping Cas at an arm's length and justified to investigate ways to alleviate your disadvantage as a prisoner." Dean had listened carefully and eventually he nodded.
“You’re burning,” Dean stated, running his fingertips over Castiel’s chest for as long as he could stand it. “Tone it down. I can’t touch you for too long.” Instead of replying Castiel lifted his arms over his head, stretching. Dean had never known just how beautiful Castiel was underneath all those clothes. Just how perfect their bodies fitted against each other, how Castiel, even filled to the brim with souls, still had empty spaces for Dean to occupy.
"It's not a church if I live in it," the god said, his arms crossed over his chest.
"No. What I need you to do is to mate him."
"It would actually be good if it were Sam's blood," Castiel said and then he put his hand over it, letting his magic reach out to the blood.
Bobby on his part was not entirely sure what to say. This was probably the first time in years that Castiel had seen a familiar face, he should at least make some conversation before he disappeared again.
"Mere mind games, if you are not willing to do your part," Flagstaff said dismissively.
"But maybe it is to Cas? I'm pretty sure the guy has a crush the size of Michael's Toes on you!" she argued. Dean and Benny exchanged dubious looks. Charlie dramatically pulled at her hair. "Whatever. I mean I'm all for it, Dean, I think you two would be a dreamy couple!" Dean doubted that. "But are you sure you can keep it being 'just sex' with the kind of circumstances you have here? And do you want to keep it 'just sex'?"
Cas rubbed his forehead. Hannah was most likely right. It was not his place to hope for things to change between him and Dean. But it didn't stop him from wanting them to. Maybe he could go into Exile in the Aeries… Maybe… if he did lose his Grace, he could even make a modest life somewhere in Winchester.
"I agree. It's best if we move," Castiel said. They made to approach the door, but a flash of movement caught Castiel's eye. A crow alighted on the window sill of one of the smashed windows. It turned its golden eye on Cas. Ice cold dread seized Castiel's heart. "We gotta move! Now!" he shouted and Dean immediately understood the urgency. He took Sam and pulled him towards the door. But it was too late.
"Okay…?" he managed to say which Jack seemed to take as an invitation to continue talking:
"Thank you so much," Dean said, waving at the two and then he dashed off.
"If you want to talk about your mom, then I'll listen, alright?"
"Well, then the day after tomorrow?" Dean wondered, "you're free during lunch, right?"
"I'm kinda surprised to find you in the kitchen," Dean said then he took a bite of the stew and mashed potatoes. "This is delicious."
“You don’t decide what comes out with you. I stuff you full of everything that’s awake. Angels, demons, beasts so ancient that they predate Chuck and Amara. Whatever’s awake, you take. Whatever isn’t stays with me,” the Shadow said and the smile pulling at its lips was almost grotesque. Even though it had clearly been agitated at first, it did enjoy causing Cas grief. Cas supposed that was fair, considering the circumstances, but what the Empty was proposing was highly dangerous.
Lucifer clearly was the shady party in this whole thing, the one who they'd have to investigate if they wanted swift answers. Even if Lucifer didn't outright attack the human settlements, retreating his armies so that the demons could do the dirty work for him was an act of aggression that needed a firm investigation, if not even a retaliation. But Dean could do nothing from here. He had no idea how to get there and even though the angels were friendly, they still guarded Dean well if he was outside. And Milton Manor was never asleep, so he couldn't even hope to sneak out successfully to take matters into his own hand.
Even though the tent the angels had built for Dean was definitely on the luxurious side and the beds were soft enough for Charlie to have nodded off almost as soon as her head hit the pillow, Dean couldn't sleep. After tossing and turning for up to an hour, he was ready to throw in the towel. He got up, put on the thick angelic coat over his sleep wear, put on socks and shoes, then he went outside. Benny nodded at him while Dean passed, ever vigilant.
"St. Michael's village, 1216," Castiel finally said and Dean stared at him.
"You too, Dean," Castiel answered, turning back to his food. That had been almost too easy. He had been prepared to make his case for his friends. Maybe Cas would have been stricter if he had demanded to go too.
“Yes,” Cas said, feeling giddy now.
“I think that went well,” Cas said, coming to stand next to Jack, his hands in his pockets. “Though now I no longer have one of your feathers.”
"I could just disappear. Fake my death and run away," he said and Mary looked at him with a sad expression.
"Boy, you do know that you're not among humans, are you? I'm a king here, maybe not of this exact land you stand on now, but I at least partially have your fate in my hands once the whole interspecies marriage will be discussed," he said and Dean tensed. "I'd guess a prince would know how to comport himself a bit more elegantly."
Fucking angels, man.
Dean laughed to himself. Dean
"What…?" Gabriel sounded disgusted. "Seriously?"
"Let me know when the crows talk about a dashing murderous prince coming around again, because that sounds like something I want to see," said. "Maybe you will finally get to see some action."
"I'll put Jack down in the nursery," Cas said, walking through to what had used to be their converted dining room. Dean nodded, then he took his time to look at this room. He had already spent most of his time inside this space but it had always been Cas' room, with Dean returning to his own quarters to live his life at his little "human court" in the Lord's wing. Now that fell away and the spaces within Milton Manor had changed just like his own place here had changed. He was no longer a prince in exile. He was Cas' husband. This was their common bedroom and Dean would have to fully integrate himself into the angelic life at Milton Manor.
"So two storms in two years? Have any other people had damages in those two years?"
"Dean… I'm deeply sorry. You deserved better," he said.
"Ah, I think a cup of tea would help," Castiel replied and wiped his palm over his face. "I'm just tired."
"This is Dean Winchester," he said, keeping his voice professionally pleasant.
"Yes! It's cool here! But I'm starving now," Jack confessed, which had Cas lift his eyebrow.
He took out his phone.
And he was on a mission. Just as his brother had schemed to escape the watchful eye of Castiel, to go out and see the world, Dean had done something similar. Ever since he had started to pay very close attention to what people were saying about what had happened all those years ago, he had made his own plans. Dean couldn't quite believe that the threat that was whispered about was Sam and he could definitely not believe that parents as kind-hearted as his own would plan on training their army – and their first-born – to kill him. So he secretly planned for months, well aware that his parents would never allow him to actually set out and look for Sam.
"I'm not sure," Dean confessed. He was embarrassed about having to ask, but not embarrassed enough to not take this opportunity for what it was. Ambriel looked at him from over the top of her glasses, expectant. "Uh, okay… So I wanted to know if angels and humans are the same…" he made a vague gesture towards his hips "downstairs." Ambriel squinted at him, then slowly let her eyes travel down to his hips, staring for an embarrassingly long moment. But then her eyes widened.
Castiel was surprised to find just how much he hoped that Dean smelled nice. Humans were wired to work a particular way and if what Miriam said was true, then Dean and his relationship was doomed if Dean's smell didn't appeal to him.
"You are not going to take Sam from us!" she shouted. Gabriel snorted, waving his hand at her dismissively.
"What exactly is it that is pulling you home?" Sam spoke up and Dean lifted his eyebrow at him.
"We have already confirmed what we could. When we informed Davies and Lady Bevell, they renewed their efforts. Ketch has been found on the old continent, clearly trying to get everyone off his trail, and he's been brought to Kendrick to be interrogated," John told him, his expression darkening. "We have the reports."
"Hello!" he greeted loudly and Cas wondered if he still had the time to dash to his office, but Luke came out of the living room. He still wore his work clothes, a ridiculously expensive white linen suit, though he had already discarded the tie.
Dean kept coming back, even though his hunts pulled him all over the continent and he was often gone for months. He kept coming back and Castiel felt himself falling for him more each day.
“Oh.” Jack said, looking at his socked feet. “Actually… I did wonder about that too.” He looked up, studying Cas leaning against the door, his hands clasped in front of him, waiting patiently for Jack to find his words. “There was… an incident.” He quickly checked Cas’ expression to see if he had to rush through an explanation but even though Cas lifted his eyebrow, he didn’t look alarmed yet. That was good. “And it made me think of how I don’t feel grief… I don’t feel sad that those hunters from the other world died, even though I spent months fighting side by side with them in the other world. But even though I don’t feel anything about them, I feel something about the incident. I can’t tell Sam and Dean about it, because I lied. And now I feel…” Jack wrinkled his nose, trying hard to feel around the shape of that irritating something inside of him. With a sigh he settled on: “Bad.” He looked at Cas. “Isn’t that weird…? Why do I feel bad but don’t feel sadness?” Castiel thought about that for a while.
Castiel had assumed that the kids had internalized that he was a boring guy who found comfort in routine. He had expected floral swim trunks, maybe even a tight speedo if they were being daring. But he'd been wrong and underestimated their eagerness to dress him up. Was this maybe a prank? A tictac challenge or whatever the name was? (Even though Jack loved to watch Youtube videos for hours, he wasn't all that interested in social media so Cas wasn't up to date.) Maybe a 'Pick an "old" person and make them wear "fashionable" stuff' challenge?
"Any man after Luke was going to be exciting! And he showed us some of the Florida photos! You make such a cute couple!" she said excitedly. Dean grinned at her, appreciatingly.
"The dagger must have been poisoned. I have to heal the poison," he decided but even as he said this he knew that this wasn't something he could do with a snap of his fingers.
"Hey you! Back off. Don't you see that he already has an alpha?" Dean called, his voice annoyed. Moustache blinked at him, then he snorted. But before he could say anything Cas turned around to look at Dean, a frown on his face. Dean lifted his eyebrow at him.
He thought of his mother, childhood memories tinted in the golden haze of blissful days.
"What," Dean asked flatly, bracing himself for whatever Gabriel was going to blurt out now. Gabriel shrugged.
Once he was done, he was led out of the tent. Dean had a moment to observe the camp. He wasn't in the one he had set up on the battle field. It was rather grand looking, ceremonial almost, especially the tent he was being led to now. It was luxurious, decked out in the regalia of his Kingdom and the slim banners of all the members of the Aquarian Pact. He saw the dark banner of House Bevell and the image of Lady Bevell being hit, falling off her horse, flashed through his mind. Damn it. How many even survived that massacre? The valet opened the tent for him and Dean passed through with a grim expression, ready to face whatever was awaiting him.
"You alright?" Dean wondered and Castiel nodded. Dean studied him for a while, but then he gave Cas' thigh another squeeze and got out of the car. Cas sighed and got out as well, walking to the back of the car to take one of the suitcases.
Cas could have asked someone to let him make a phone call, but now that he was so close, he might as well walk the rest instead of inconveniencing his friends. The ground next to the road wasn’t particularly pleasant to walk on, especially once he took the little street forking off towards the Bunker. But it was alright. He was so close.
"You have been pretty persistent in your quest to have your lieutenant sniff around here," Lucifer said, holding on to his wine glass. "So of course I wanted to see what all the fuss was about." With that he looked at Dean, studying him with a smug grin. "You have always been one of Michael's brightest. And I do wonder now, just why you, on the fast track to become a high council member, seem to have taken the side of humans."
Dean swallowed, uneasy when Castiel's intense focus was entirely on him. He felt exposed under the scrutiny and oddly raw to hear that for Castiel there was never any question to save him. He didn't know if he could trust that Castiel had merely acted on his morals. But somehow Dean just knew how honest Castiel was, how firmly he believed in what he was saying. And it… felt odd. Not bad, almost good, but in a way that made Dean embarrassed.
"Eggs and bacon?" he said, his voice coming out tight. That had been a mistake because Gabriel looked up from his pancakes to first study Castiel and then direct his gaze towards the man.
"So… no sky-diving then?" Sam asked, faking disappointment.
"I can't tell you over the phone. Come to the café, please."
"It seems like that's what we're doing," Castiel told him, hoping to bring amusement into his voice. He had to cover his reluctance to really get into it, but there was something Dean wanted to hear and maybe it was simply for the best to give it to him for the moment. Castiel decided to rub his neck slightly, like someone who was embarrassed might do. "I don't like to talk ill of someone who's been struck with misfortune," he started and he saw that he had Dean's instant attention. "But he wasn't particularly liked around here. The orchard used to be an old family business and I don't know how it happened, but Sanders bought it. People liked to discuss if maybe Sander's ways had been barely legal." Castiel knew that this was all true. Sanders had cheated his way into the orchard and now he was paying for it. It was one witch favor followed by another witch's punishment. Castiel shrugged. "Besides, Sanders isn't nice… He never has been. He is a bully and I'm sure that people won't be sad to see him go, if the orchard isn't salvageable…" There was a spark of pleasure in Dean's eyes.
Dean approached and Cas panicked. He took a step back before he could think about it, suddenly terrified of having to see Dean's expression when he scented him and realized he hated his smell. It was only a small, involuntary reaction but Dean stopped at once, his eyes widening.
"There are no surprises. I'm unchanged," Castiel said and he seemed slightly irritated. Naomi studied him for a moment, while Dean was still sorting his thoughts. He had been threatened with weird angelic biology before after all and it hadn't become less concerning just because he was now a willing participant.
"Hi Cas!" Castiel lifted his hand in greeting. "Is that your baby's daddy?" Dean turned around and Cas got to witness how Dean looked Nora up and down, an appreciative smile on his lips.
"What do you mean, you don't know about Cas?" Sam asked, his tone clearly worried. Dean could hear the familiar slam of the Impala's doors and then the motor roaring to life. He and mom must be on their way here then.
"The feeling's mutual," he said, still incredulous.
Dean watched Hael get ready and studied the indistinct shimmer of the air around her. If she did indeed have wings, they were rather small. Then the girl lifted her wooden sword and Dean had to focus.
"Yes, I guess…" Castiel said. Dean nodded, then he stuffed his notes back into his backpack. "Sorry to cut the meeting short, but I have to run an errand before class." Castiel nodded and Dean emptied his glass in three quick gulps. "Nice glasses by the way. Rescue Rangers. Didn't peg you for a Disney cartoon guy." Cas frowned at him. "It's cute. I'm more of a Scooby Doo guy myself though."
"I will do what's best for Sandover. If you need to transfer me then-" Dean started but Zachariah waved his hands dismissively.
"I…" Dean started, but then he frowned. He got up from his chair all of a sudden, his heart beating anxiously in his chest. Damn, could he…? Dean moved towards the door.
"I'm going to stop you right there," Dean said, lifting his hand and Sam stopped talking. Dean sat down on the bed, the springs creaking. "This is not about rebuilding Winchester Auto. There is no more family business. Who even cares about it anymore? There's been no Winchester family in years." Sam lowered his head there, a look of shame flitting over his face. Served him right. Dean heaved a sigh. "Winchester Auto is done."
"So this Raphael… He's pretty fishy, a politician bundled with an ego too big for the small town he's serving at. In my opinion he's far too ambitious to stay in a sleepy town like Raurica, but it doesn’t seem like he's ever tried for something else in the years he's been here. I haven’t actually found anything on him before he came to Raurica, so it's possible that this is his first foray into politics or he's fallen out of grace somewhere else," Dean surmised. "He does have a couple of business dealings going on. They all look clean. He's been trying to make Raurica more attractive to investors, but many things seem to fail. Just like Sanders couldn't bring in the profits for the region that he had hoped."
As it turned out, the library had very little to offer about angels. Dean and Sam spent a week going through everything they had, eventually aided by both his cousin Charlie and younger brother Adam, though Dean had avoided telling them the actual reason behind their research. That they needed more information on angels if they did plan an attack was enough for both of them.
"Did you ask him out?" Emma wondered when she was within earshot.
But what was the nature of his feelings? This profound, all-consuming warmth he felt in Cas' presence? His longing to stay with him, to steal him away from here and to lead a happy life with him, away from hunting, away from witchcraft. Just him and Cas and Cas' bland coffee.
"Dean? Are you alright?" Cas finally dared to ask when they had reached the café. Dean turned to look at him and for a moment he seemed pained before he hid it behind a small smile.
"I don't need to sleep," Castiel assured him after a bout of silence. "I will stand vigil." Now that took Dean by surprise and he crossed his arms over his chest, looking at him inquisitively. "You are still the heir to the throne. I will do anything I can to protect you."
"I can help you, the way a partner helps. If you don't want me to throw money at you and instead just provide support while you do your thing, I can do that," Dean said. "I'm ready for some big changes, but I'm also apprehensive about rushing into things. Even though I'm sure I want all those big changes with you." Castiel smiled at him, lifting his hand to caress Dean's cheek.
"We wrote in your profile that you were looking for an alpha to match your swimsuit," Jack answered promptly. "You know, because you can't date anyone who doesn't agree that you look great in it," he explained and Cas was momentarily speechless. More than that; he was… touched.
"Thank you," he told her honestly.
"Hey," he called.
"Uh, no? Sure, it paid well and I got to do interesting things, but dude, it was intense! Not to mention sexist. And I'm not like you. I can easily pack up my bags and change work. I don't have -" here Charlie paused and exaggeratedly rolled her eyes, "- corporate pack loyalty." She made a fart noise and put her thumb down. Dean wrinkled his nose.
His son was very excited for what lay ahead and Cas had a hard time getting him to sit down just long enough for him to eat breakfast and later on check if he had packed everything he needed. And sure, they hadn't been in this apartment for long, but Cas still felt something (and whatever that something was, it wasn't exactly pleasant) when Jack didn't send one mournful look back at their apartment before they got down into the garage where Dean's Prius was.
"Anna Novak"
By the time Jack served pizza, Cas had forgotten to be upset at his son for doing this behind is back.
"No it isn't. It's nice," Cas argued but Luke just heaved a sigh, putting his hands on his hips, studying the place with distaste.
"I know, but he was…" Mary bit her lips, trying to come up with something.
"What…? Jimmy? Jimmy Novak?"
"I understand. I will consider it," John finally agreed and Bobby sent Dean a small, approving smile. "You got better at concerning yourself with questions of diplomacy."
"I requested an audience as soon as I was back," he said and Anna nodded and got up from her chair, but she remained behind the desk, with her hands planted on the shining surface.
"Ugh, don't remind me. Just thinking about them planting bugs and going through our stuff,
"Nothing to worry about, I fixed it," he said casually and the god snorted at that.
"Oh yeah?"
"Maybe you should listen to me then if I tell you to eat your veggies," Cas joked, which had Dean stick out his tongue at him.
"Better get back on your horses, boys!" she announced. "We'll be travelling until nightfall and then make our camp. This region isn't densely populated, so I hope you'll forgive us our lack of proper hospitality." Dean merely nodded and Anna left to mount her horse. Dean turned to look at Benny.
"Luck doesn't have much to do with it. I was ordered to come here, but it's not… going well," Cas said, diplomatically. Dean had to laugh at that.
Dean watched Castiel come out of the stable, dressed in travelling clothing. Dean himself had packed some representative clothing but he too was wearing his riding gear (though he had had no idea anyone had even packed that for him). It was early summer now, but the sharp wind still made the morning cool and he was glad for the hat and the high collar of his coat.
"To the test…? What does that mean?" Mary asked, but she was lifting her head up now. Losing her children was a horrible thought, but facing a challenge? She could do that.
"You have no idea." Dean laughed. Soon after that they were served something to drink and the first course of their meal. A while after they had started eating Dean saw that Jack started fussing. His eyes glowed golden for a second. Cas looked at him, even though he had been focused on eating his soup just a moment before and couldn't have seen the glowing eyes. He reached into the bag he had brought along and handed Jack a bottle.
"Consummating is an integral part of the ceremonies," he said but Dean's expression only darkened. Castiel stepped past him and started undressing swiftly.
"What? Put my hopes on the devil baby? Like you?" he asked and Castiel opened his mouth. But Dean lifted both his hands. "No, no no no," he stopped him and Castiel frowned. Dean laughed humorlessly. "I understand that you had no choice to believe in him when he manipulated you, but even now? You're still pissed that we averted a catastrophe?!"
Dean was no stranger to sex with men, so it wasn't like he was completely at a loss here, but he didn't know if angels and humans actually had the same parts. Dean was almost certain Cas came with the same equipment as him, but even though they looked human and there seemed to be female and male members of their species, there was still an uncertainty there. And Dean felt weird not being adequately prepared before presenting Cas his choice. He didn't want to undress the guy to find… tentacles or feathers down there. So he was going through the library, absolutely unsure what even to look for.
"Yes please," Cas echoed Jack and Mary had to laugh because the two really were alike. Mary ushered them all into the kitchen, where Jack happily looked around, checking out the pictures hanging in the kitchen.
It would have been nice to maybe check out Cas' place, but the dude was surprisingly reserved about it. He hadn't outright denied Dean, but whenever Dean made some suggestions that they might go to Cas' place, Cas weaseled himself out of it and Dean hadn't pushed. He was really curious about it but he wouldn't force the issue. Cas would invite him when he was ready.
"Huh?"
"Oh I… suppose I have time," he said, then he tilted his head up to kiss Dean.
"Wow, okay, that does make some sense," Dean said which Cas rewarded with an unimpressed look. "That would explain the report in parts. But we have no proof."
"Prince Dean...," Castiel started, "I wish upon you beauty, a heart that is strong and pure-"
In an ideal world Dean would now be sitting in front of the TV, enjoying a beer and watching the newest episode of Dr. Sexy. But this was hardly an ideal world, was it? Nope, today Dean was on phone duty and he would be on phone duty until Maggie’s shift started. Why Dean, of all people, was put on the phone duty roster by Chief Longhair, was beyond Dean.
They made it to the small village without further disruptions. They looked for the inn, finding it to be a small house with flickering lights in its windows. It looked gloomy and a shiver went through Dean that he couldn't quite explain to himself. But it would do. Dean left Castiel to take care of the cart and the horse, while he waited on the porch, dripping wet but at least not getting any wetter apart from the gusts of wind that blew a spray of drizzle into his face. He really needed a bath but he wasn't sure if a small village inn could fix him one at this time of the night.
Castiel took the comment in stride, but the other guy looked livid.
"We have to bring about the consequences right now, while I am here to direct them," the god told him. Dean didn't like the look on Castiel's face upon hearing the god's words. Grim determination was not what Dean wanted to see.
Dean sped up his steps and took a hold of Cas' wrist.
"Uh…" he muttered, unsure how to continue. Jack's expression was open an earnest, maybe even a tad too serious for this. "I'm not going to have a baby just because I miss you." Jack nodded at that, his serious face remaining.
"It feels like winter lasts 3 years here in Milton Heights," Dean said, looking out into the garden. The sun was rising but it remained gloomy outside, thick clouds blocking the sunshine.
And how come that Dean had never asked himself questions like that in the 5 months he'd been here? He knew nothing about the angels, at least nothing useful, happily unhappy in his isolation. And now that the angels were treating him exactly like he had wanted to be treated (that was, not interact with him at all) he wanted to connect. Ridiculous, but he guessed it served him right to some degree.
“I’m doomed,” Jack said and he sounded like he meant it. “I’m going to get grounded for letting something supernatural nest in my closet!”
"I guess…?" Castiel answered tentatively, then he sat down on the bed, next to the mobile phone, as if he was somehow sitting down next to Dean. "But we're still strangers, isn't that weird?"
century after all.
"No need for platitudes. I know you're grateful. But I feel you'll need to think long and hard, Dean Winchester, about your future. May your parents live and reign long, but eventually you will be king. And you still hold half of Castiel's heart and I have doubts that you will be able to return it," she said, looking at Dean with intense eyes. "I can't predict what will happen, but you will have to make choices now that shape how you will eventually lead Winchester. Choices that might affect both Castiel and Jack. So I'd recommend you search your soul about want to do with this bond you have forged." Dean wasn't sure what to answer to that, but he didn't have to since Cas came in, Jack in his arms.
"I can't leave," he said. "I'm banished."
she called into the falling night. Her voice cutting like a blade. The men quivered like the long grass in the cold air of approaching autumn. She lifted her hand.
He hesitated, but then he unlocked the drawer and took out the unfinished letter. He uncapped his fountain pen and continued his letter to Bobby, set on discussing his new knowledge as soon as possible.
"If you're attached to this apartment then sure. As long as you don’t mind that I owe some stuff that would definitely disrupt the look of this apartment," he said with a laugh. "It's not very… colorful."
Dean raised his eyebrows at his parents, hoping for some kind of explanation as to who she was.
"What if… What if I don't enjoy his scent?" he asked, his voice coming out small and uncertain in ways that unsettled Cas almost even more than his question. He had been human for mere days, wavering already this early on was embarrassing.
"Good night, Dean." Castiel heard the door to Dean's bedroom click shut. It was only half past 8. Castiel made himself a cup of tea, mentally reminding himself to stock the fridge with something different than almond milk, then he let himself out on the balcony. The night was biting cold and his breath and the steam from the mug formed clouds in front of his face. He could see over the lights of the city, hear the sounds of cars and sirens down below.
"I don't know. But I don't think so," Dean said.
"I don't know Cas," Dean told him, feeling defensive and pressured. "If that is what you want?"
Dean was getting dressed when Hannah knocked on the door to bring Cas a tray with dinner. She widened her eyes almost comically, when she found Dean sitting on Cas's bed, pulling on his socks. Cas was standing in front of his mirror in just a robe, trying to comb his hair.
“Yes, I understand that, Cas, believe me. And I’m sorry,” he said looking at Cas with a serious expression. Cas tensed, unsure what was to come. A rejection? He had made his peace with that a long time ago, but would it still hurt to hear it? Dean studied his face and eventually he heaved a sigh. “Damn it, Cas. Knowing that you love me is not a burden, okay? I wish I’d known. I knew you cared about me, but I didn’t
While Cas studied everything, Dean was already humming Metallica, failing to calm his nerves.
"Yeah… The only angel I can tolerate is Cas," Dean said and the god laughed out. When Dean only arched his eyebrow, he stopped laughing and bent closer.
But it did.
"I don't. We aren't mated. We aren't even dating," Cas said, letting go of his beer for long enough to make air quotes around dating. Now Dean was blushing furiously.
"I thought that was obvious," Cas answered, feeling a bit daring. As hoped, Dean laughed.
"Why is that cute though?" he wondered.
"I don't fault you for that. It's not a prince's duty to manage every minute detail of his kingdom. That's what you have advisors and councils for. Though I see now that the unreliable nature of the information you've received is concerning. We angels can cross great distance in a short amount of time if we have to. It's easy to forget that you do not have this luxury."
“I don’t find affection annoying,” Jack said indignantly, then he reached out and wrapped his arms around Cas. “See?” Cas patted Jack’ head. “What about my powers though?” he asked when he drew back again.
"A debate for 7 years instead of sending aid if they knew humans were being slaughtered by a common enemy? Cowardly," Dean grumbled. Charlie shot him a look, then she turned her attention back to the book.
"I do have Grace now… I'm far harder to kill than I used to be," he muttered. At least he guessed he was.
"That's unlikely, considering you're not stopping getting into trouble either," he said and Dean supposed this was true. They looked at each other silently and Dean could fool himself into thinking that this moment was peaceful. Until Cas averted his eyes and made to turn away. "I should do this now."
"Maybe next time," Castiel told him softly and that made the exaggerated displeasure disappear. Dean took a sip of his coffee and returned to looking over his notes.
"But now you second guess it?" Dean wondered. "But wouldn't that imply Michael's involvement?" Cas seemed reluctant to consider it.
"Do you really want to go visit your parents? It's already half past 10 and it's a more than a 6-hour drive there and a 10-hour drive back to your place."
"Dean, is everything okay?" Cas asked, concern written all over his face. Dean gave in to the all consuming desire to lean over and press a soft kiss to Cas' lips. "Dean…"
"Yes," Cas said swiftly, so Dean did, eliciting a breathy groan from Cas. Dean wrapped his fingers around Cas, spreading the lube all over him, teasing the head of his cock, while he watched Cas' rapt expression. After a moment, Dean scooted closer, Cas lifting his legs to rest them over Dean's thighs. Dean bent over slightly, putting his hand on the mattress next to Cas, then he took both of their dicks into his hand. Cas gasped at that, a sharp intake of air, but he otherwise didn't move, still supporting himself on his elbows as he watched Dean move his hand up and down slowly over them both.
"I'm not sure I want this, Cas," he finally said and when he looked up he already found Cas' eyes on him.
"Oh." Dean watched Castiel's expression slacken. He nodded tensely and held out his hand for Hannah to give the letter to him. Hannah shot them both a somewhat uncertain look, then she left them to it. Castiel stood at the table, with the letter in his hands for a moment but then he took a breath, broke the seal and took the pages out.
"This might be the Midwest, but it's not the 80s anymore," John said with a huff and Mary chuckled too. "As long as you're happy and you use protection, we don't care."
What the hell did Kendrick get them into? How the hell was Ketch's verified information so wrong?
"It's not a responsibility, Dean. Your parents are fine living their lives and seeing you from time to time. But if you're unsure, then you can call and talk to them about it as well," Cas suggested. Dean heaved a sigh. Castiel put his hand on Dean's thigh. "Dean, it's fine."
"This was a 600 year long experiment and clearly it doesn't seem to run as smoothly anymore as it used to. For 600 years Enoch had guarded the border and for 600 years I've had to deploy flight after flight to the border region. I will have to rethink wasting my angels' attention on guarding a failing border town. There are way bigger fish to fry in Hell and more strategically important places to guard. It would all be much easier if you weren't here to distract my efforts anymore." He raised his wine glass, studying it. "I will suggest that the High Council rethinks its stance on humans. Maybe the other kings will agree with me as well, when they see what a mess humans have made out of it. A mess that not even Castiel could fix."
"And this Sanders dude," Dean started, "does he have any enemies?" Castiel quickly thought of the appropriate reaction.
After a while he reached out to pull another parchment from the drawer and put his fountain pen to it.
"We called for this meeting because Dean Winchester has left Raurica. Together with Sam Winchester who had arrived earlier," Naomi started. "What happened, Castiel?"
His parents blinked at him, but luckily they were not drunk enough to not process his words.
“So nothing between you and your happiness? Because man, on top of losing you, the knowledge that you were never truly happy haunted me,” Dean admitted, but then he turned, motioning his hand for Cas to follow him back to the car.
"Sorry, wasn't sure if you were awake," Dean said, then he sniffed. "You got into the beers?"
"And you chose to lead your armies specifically to Enoch over the Aeries for what strategic reason?"
"Alright," Jack agreed to that, then he looked to the Winchesters. "I'm sorry."
"Yeah, I know. Believe me, this isn't the first time this happens to me," Dean said with a laugh. "Single alpha parents are rare. Especially those who were the cause of a teen pregnancy and stuck around to deal with the consequences." Dean winked.
The door opened with a loud squeak of the hinges and the entire classroom turned to look to the side. Castiel instantly narrowed his eyes. Dean Winchester was strolling into the room, a bright cheeky smile on his face, showing off his alpha fangs. The irritating thing about Dean Winchester was that he was handsome and he knew it. This kind of confidence in one's own scales shot sparks of jealousy through Cas. Cas wasn't exactly shy, but he just never really got along with people, dragons or otherwise. (That he was a male omega didn’t help matters. Humans found it freaky, dragons deemed it unfortunate.)
"No! Stop! If you go against your vow you will die! Cas! You can't revive Dean!" Despite all the effort Sam used to pull Castiel away, he couldn't move him one bit.
"That's the spirit, boy. All that proverbial alpha determination is going to pay off. I always knew that you were the future of Sandover," Zachariah said and Dean couldn't help preening at the praise.
"So what? For most angels you are merely guests on our land. That you've settled somewhere and are tolerated there, doesn't mean the land belongs to you," Castiel answered calmly. Dean couldn't quite argue with that but it was still not how humans did things. But then again, the borders had never been entirely clear and humans usually had a bit of a "let's just try our luck" kind of approach with settling in Elysium.
"I wonder if maybe an accord has been created between Lucifer and one of the Princes of Hell," Castiel said and that got Dean's attention right away. "Nothing concrete and nothing that could probably be traced back properly. But if some wrong information was sent to you and the angels turned a blind eye, then your country could easily be destabilized and the demons might move in and claim your land."
"I think we need to talk about kids," Cas explained. Dean widened his eyes, sitting up slowly to stare at him. Cas's forehead creased and he sat up too.
As they got ready, Castiel watched Dean with apprehension and a sense of dread rising like an incoming tide.
He doubted it would help at all, since hooking up with someone would surely not fix his dissatisfaction. But Dean was on vacation and it would be future Dean's problem to deal with the underlying issues.
," Castiel said, mentally going through the steps required to provide the ideal incubating conditions with his limited resources. He had already planned how to incorporate the egg into his regular schedule. His manager had looked at him weirdly for a second when he had explained that a fake egg would be joining him on his shifts, but she had brushed it aside with her usual nonchalance when it got to "dragon stuff" in ways only humans could.
"Hm, I don't know. Maybe I'll meet Anna. Go hiking a bit," Cas said and Dean happily listened to Cas' weekend plans, letting himself be calmed by his voice. Yeah, they'd be fine. Dean was sure of it.
"Great, how about tomorrow? Text me your address and I'll pick you up at six," Dean suggested and Castiel nodded eagerly. Dean grinned. "Awesome." He turned his head to the side and when Castiel followed his line of sight, he saw Emma approaching. "Gotta warn you though, I have a kid." Dean said with a wink.
"Dean," Cas grumbled, causing Dean to laugh more.
Cas ordered some take out and got a pie from the bakery, glad to be able to welcome Dean back home. Shortly before 6 he saw Dean pull into the driveway and get his car into the garage.
Dean kept his hand on the side of Cas' face, the other was now slowly travelling down, across Cas' chest, to his stomach that jumped slightly under the touch of Dean's fingertips, until he finally settled it on Cas' hip. Dean decided they were both worked up enough from kissing and grinding to take it further. He turned his head, trailing kisses over Cas' cheek and lightly biting at his jaw, before he rose enough to be able to look down at him. Cas looked great like this, his face slightly flushed, his hair definitely a mess and his blue eyes dark. He licked his lips and Dean resisted the impulse to dive back down and follow the trail Cas' tongue had made with his own.
"Where are you?"
century. "There isn't much to do around here, especially at this time of the year, so they leave the monastery and the village of St. Michael in our hands."
"Yes, okay." It was a promise after all.
"You are my husband, my omega! And I will not be humiliated by you trying to attract some knotheads in this ridiculous thing! I won't allow you to wear this rag to the beach!" he shouted, stomping up to Cas, getting all up in his face. Maybe this would have impressed Cas years ago, but now?
Dean and Castiel were aware that Dean's imprisonment would soon have to come to an end. There was no more cause to hold Dean in Milton Manor as leverage to win Winchester's compliance or to symbolically assure Michael that the humans had paid their dues for their invasion. If Dean would be able to leave, then their marriage too would have to come to an end.
Before Metatron had manipulated him into closing the gates of Heaven, he’d taken the ability to fly for granted. He’d always been able to fly, surely he’d always have been able to fly; it had felt like an inextricable part of his being an angel. Knowing now that it could be taken away from him made him feel jealous and greedy, eager not to lose another part of himself for no apparent reason.
So I finally got a new job and I've worked long enough that I'm getting used to how much energy it takes to have a forty-hour workweek again, and then I mentioned this fic to someone in a comment I left on one of their fics I read, and then
“Dean! Did you have a good date?” Dean flushed at Jack’s question- even if it had looked like a date and felt like a date, a date wasn’t really a date unless everyone agreed it was a date, and well, they hadn’t exactly talked about it.
“But-”
“Ah. Yeah, I’ll be fine, just give me a moment to find my bearings”, came the flustered reply. “I’m still not used to being this fricken tiny, man.”
And he thinks about waiting, he thinks about calling Sam and talking with him first, he thinks of a lot of things- but after he finishes up with Rufus, he heads back to his place, switches out Baby for Princess, and rides to a house that had almost become
outfit on you.”
Dean loved that he could count on Castiel to be blunt. He could say, “I ain’t exactly a role model”, and with the full weight of his millenia of experience and the surety of being able to see the very essence of Dean’s soul, Cas would reply, “that’s not true.”
Cas tilted his head. “Indeed.” Glancing to the side, he shifted slightly. “Sylvia suggested that something else that might make me more comfortable, would be for me to get a haircut. Do you think we’ll have time for that before we head back to the bunker?”
Dean twitched. It was the one thing he’d been ignoring- he couldn’t stand to step outside the bunker without at least one weapon, even when they weren’t on a job, but while he knew there were ways that women
spell figured out, before we start looking into the
“It’s not something I would have thought of. One of the downsides of spending most of my existence in a Heavenly garrison is that I’m not as familiar with typical or healthy human childhoods as I might prefer. But I’ve spent many evenings talking with Dean and Sam about doing as much as we can to give you a childhood.” As he spoke, Cas’ breath blew across Dean’s ear, and he shivered, his eyes closing for a moment, before shaking himself to focus on the situation at hand.
A man that was far bigger than Dean’s current form.
“I thought… I didn’t think I was invited.”
your gal.”
“...You’re not mad?” Jack held Dean’s gaze but his body cringed away. “Promise?”
“You’re right, that didn’t count, that was just avoiding the problem, like you seem to be doing
Though watching the argument had been entertaining, it had also been panic-inducing and exhausting, like watching a match of table tennis where the ball and paddles were on fire, waiting for a mistake to set the room- or the participants- alight. It was a relief when the tension in the room instead began to drop.
A cool breeze ruffled Dean’s skirt- and left his chest feeling chilled. He quickly glanced down at his dress, noting the jagged tear. “It’s a good thing this whole looking like a chick thing is temporary, man, this was a nice dress.”
“It means, dear boy, that poor Dean has played the role of parent and sibling for most of both your lives. A parent is not supposed to burden those they care for with their own struggles with parenthood. Expressing this to you is a good thing- he’s letting himself be your brother now, Samuel, instead of keeping it trapped where he feels like your parent.”
then? Oh no wonder you’re having such a rough time over here.”
He hadn’t been able to fly in years.
have haircuts, is there anything else we need while we’re here, or is it time to head back to the bunker?”
Cas’ hand went to Dean’s elbow to help stabilize him. “Would you like me to go with you?”
The third thing he noticed was the woman in Castiel’s clothes. Same suit, same trenchcoat, same tie, sprawled on the floor of the kitchen just like he’d been just a second before, looking just as disoriented as she pushed herself up across from Dean. Her face was initially obscured by her dark, messy hair, but as she pushed the hair out of her eyes, Dean could see they were a striking shade of blue- and that she had a beautiful, heart-shaped face. But why was there a woman wearing Cas’ clothes?
As the two of them roughhoused, Dean tried to keep track of Jack and Cas. Jack continued to be curious and unruffled by the situation, and as they walked into the Juniors department, seemed equally interested in the nerdy graphic tees on the boys’ side, as the soft and frilly skirts and dresses on the girls’ side. Cas, however, continued to look uncomfortable, his long hair messily obscuring his face and highlighting his hunched shoulders. Making his mind up, he pulled everyone together.
Jack burst into tears and fell back into Dean’s embrace, who rubbed his back as he cried, ignoring the tears rolling down his own face. A tentative hand on his shoulder had him look up, to where Castiel stood, shifting from foot to foot. Even in the midst of all these tears, seeing Cas never failed to bring a smile to his face, and he reached out with one hand to pull Cas into the hug with their kid.
“You insufferable man.” Cas pulled Dean’s face closer, pressing a kiss to his lips.
Dean.
Jack gawked at him. “They
Cas scrutinized it, picking up the whole thing and folding it in half. At the halfway point of the sash, there was a small hole- like a buttonhole, but without any obvious buttons. “If you were wearing this as a skirt, pulling one of the long ends through here would be the logical step to take. For a dress, though…” He unfolded it, and then held the garment against Dean’s chest, the hole in question right over his sternum. “Maybe like this?”
Dean knew that posture all too well. The fear. The resignation. Tears welled up in his own eyes. “Of course not.” He pulled Jack into a hug, noting the disparity in their heights. Seemed like he might be the shortest one in the room, now. “Jack I’m so sorry I made you feel so scared. You’re a kid, you make mistakes, and you should be able to make mistakes without being terrified of it! I mean - yeah, sometimes your phenomenal cosmic power makes your mistakes a bit more devastating and dire than this, and I’m not gonna lie, that scares me, but Jack-” he pulled back to look Jack in the eye again. “Nobody’s hurt. We’re all here, we’re all fine, I’m pretty sure we can fix this one way or another, and
The girl spun to look at him, her eyes glassy with tears. No.
“Jack?” he called out.
Jack curled into Dean’s embrace tighter, reaching up one hand to rest where Cas’ hand was loosely wrapped around Dean’s arm. “That makes sense. I’m sorry I didn’t ask you sooner.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Sam, he just wants to be a kid. He’s a three year old in the body of an adult and he didn’t get any kind of childhood. That’s what he was trying to do.” Dean rubbed his forehead to try and alleviate the tension headache he felt coming on. “Cas and I are working on it.”
. The body he inhabited had expressed some of the early signs of arousal- an increase in heart rate and respiration, a warm flush to his skin- but a key element was missing, unable to match hardness for hardness when standing pressed together from the groin up.
to finish talking with Rufus before he does anything else. He only notices that Cas has left when he hears the bell ring in the door and sees his coat sweeping behind him, but even though part of him wants to run out the door after him, he stays in his seat.
And though he had no need to sleep, he let go of the last of his senses, closing his eyes, completely blocking off his perception of the world.
“Then maybe you shouldn’t. Take it back, I mean.”
yet. But I think he’ll be alright now. A sales associate has him looking through some clothes in the men’s department, he’s already looking a lot more comfortable.”
Cas rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder- not in any attempt to stop Dean’s fidgeting, just to provide comfort- and Dean looked up at his friend with a grateful smile. “Do you really want to take it back, though? At the time, it sounded like you were being completely honest. This might have been something that needed to be said.”
“I- ever since then, whenever I- whenever I touched myself-“
Then Dean leaned forward and pressed their foreheads together, the chair serving to bring them closer to their usual height difference, and Dean breathed slowly with Cas until he finally got his unnecessary breathing under control.
“You know that’s not a bad idea. She’s never let us down once!”
Dean cocked a wry grin. “Yeah, I get that. So- thoughts?”
needed Sam to hear it.” Her hand was moving in circles, and Dean pushed into the calming touch. “I mean it kinda sounds like this has been growing and festering for, you know. Your entire lives.”
“You were out for just a moment. I- I flew us here before I even realized I’d done so, before I even thought to heal you.”
“That sounds like an excellent idea, Dean.” He stood awkwardly between Dean and Jack, and did his best to smile for the camera. When he looked at the photo, his face fell a little. “I know it’s only temporary, but I feel like I’d only just gotten used to what my face looked like before, and now photos like this feel strange.”
“Dean?”
Finally, after they looked at the wine list, Dean’s distress was intense enough that Cas leaned across the table. “If you need to, we can leave. Rowena had suggested this establishment- you and I both know we can afford it, and it
“My suggestion would be to call Rowena. She is the most skilled and knowledgeable practitioner we know. And maybe… we should consider asking her to stay for a while and teach Jack. And you, maybe, I know you have a talent for magic that you don’t normally utilize.” The more Cas spoke, the less he liked his new voice. He was used to his voice being deep, gravelly, and abrasive; the very lack of those qualities was rubbing him raw now, and he winced at the discomfort before returning his attention to his conversation with Sam. Eileen raised her eyebrow at him, but he shrugged it off.
, to, sure- but you and I both know it does.” Charlie caught his eye, and he nodded with a sad smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
”It didn’t take long after that for Lisa and I to break up. But I didn’t feel comfortable reaching back out to you. It felt like the best case scenario, you’d move me in here, and I’d be lonely and bored and have nothing to do all day, and worst case scenario you’d refuse to talk to me because my feelings weren’t reciprocated, and either way it wasn’t something I was prepared to do.”
Dean got a wistful look in his eyes. “Does it have to be the two of us? Maybe we could set up one of the guest rooms with a couple mattresses and get Cas and Jack in there, too?”
Cas gave one of his soft smiles and took Dean’s offer of assistance rising to his feet. “Thank you, Dean. I admit, I feel a bit disoriented, but there doesn’t seem to be anything actually wrong with me at present. Aside from…” Cas glanced down at his form, mostly obscured by the suit that was too large even on a normal day, but still showed hints of curves as he moved now. “Aside from this unexpected change. But I’ve had a female vessel before, so I should be fine.”
Dean pulls Cas into a joyous, tight hug, asks him how he’s been. Cas is his usual awkward self, but Dean can see a bright emotion, joy or hope, sparkling in his eyes. Dean says something about not knowing what to say so he didn’t reach out to say anything, but that he’d wanted to, that he’d
do this
Jack bounded out of the salon behind them. Inside, he’d gone for something almost between what Dean and Cas had gotten- in that he’d left one side of his head with reasonably long hair, and the other side cut nice and peach-fuzz short. “Almost like Claire’s hair! What do you think- do you think she’ll like it?”
Jack explains what he was really trying to do with his spell. Dean tells Cas and Jack about what childhood meant for him growing up with John.
“Hold that thought”, he tells Cas, and then pulls Rufus over to the table Andrea indicated for them. “So Sam and I worked up a new contract I wanted to go over with you, I’ll talk through it all in a minute, I’ve just got some unfinished business with him and I want to make sure he and I have the chance to talk about that unfinished business later.”
Cas was glad that Dean seemed to know what to do: he reached out to Jack, who fell into his arms, sobbing. Cas held onto Dean and offered what comfort he could.
The peace in Dean’s gaze stole Cas’ breath. “Yeah,” he replied. “Me too.”
in the few days he’d stayed there.
he kept to himself. Charlie grinned and flashed him two thumbs up before dragging Jack through the clothes to try and find the best selection to wear for the next few weeks. As she headed off, he turned to Cas. “Everything alright, Cas?”
“So what you’re saying is- this isn’t new.”
Cas felt a tug on his arm and looked over to Dean, who had an eyebrow raised. “Well? Why don’t we take a picture right now and send it to her?”
“You don’t need to worry, Jack. We’ll all be fine.”
Whatever magic had changed them, hadn’t changed their clothes with them. Dean’s boots were way too big, and his jeans were held up by the curve of his hips but bunched around the ankles with extra length, making it hard to run. Cas was in similar straits, so the two of them staggered through the bunker to where Jack had been studying in the library.
to see, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and headed in the direction of where he’d left Charlie and Jack. “You didn’t try calling? I didn’t feel my phone ring…”
In addition to calling him ‘sweetheart’, though, Dean had been referring to him as male. Technically, as an Angel, he was a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, and existed outside the concept of gender aside from whatever vessel he wore for the comfort of the humans he was around. Technically, he’d worn a female vessel many times before, and had never experienced any discomfort with it previously. But being referred to as male even in this form that was so feminine- it eased an ache he didn’t know he’d been carrying since Jack’s miscast spell had transformed them all. Dragged along by the associate to other sections of the clothing department, Cas made sure to share a look of abject gratitude with Dean, following alongside them.
Dean rocked him for a minute, then turned to drop a gentle kiss on Jack’s head. “Me too, kiddo, me too.”
“Is he not out? Conservative family?”
Jack smiled and wiped at his tear tracks, then surged forward and hugged Dean tight, bending his slightly taller frame so that his head was on Dean’s shoulder. “Thank you. I’m so glad you’re my dad.”
“I’ll go check in with Jack and Charlie, see what they’ve gotten up to, and then I’ll start looking for my own things. Still have your cell?”
He took a shaky breath, and carefully pulled away from her arms. “Alright, alright, I’m picking up what you’re putting down.” He took a deeper breath, trying to center himself, and exhaled in a controlled rush of air. “And now I’ve gotta go talk to Cas…”
don’t mind. I’m actually getting a kick out of watching you play dress up like this.”
“I will, I promise! I’m having a blast, kiddo!” Dean was glad he hadn’t let go of Cas’ hand when he felt his thumb caressing him gently, and he turned a softer smile in his direction. “I hope it’s starting to feel a bit better for you, too?”
At first, he ignored the door when it opened, focused too intently on his skin, but then there were hands on his shoulders, turning him, and-
My darling readers, I have figured out a plot point to add to this fic specifically to cause you pain. It doesn't show up here just yet, but coming up with the idea is one of the things that helped me break through my writer's block so I could get this chapter all set up for you.
“Are you sure?” Dean reached up and fiddled with the suspenders Sylvia had found for his current outfit, a slight flush on his face. “I
Dean glared daggers at her briefly- they hadn’t really talked about it, but he had an idea what she was alluding to, and it wasn’t the time for that. “It’s Cas! He-”
Charlie’s hand rested high on his back. “I kinda felt like that about my mom sometimes. You know, upset that I couldn’t be a kid because of her.” She sighed. “I mean, it wasn’t her fault, but I still had to take care of her. So what I’m saying is, I get it. And… I think Sam needed to hear it. And I think
Charlie tilted her head. “I would have thought he’d have the easiest time dealing with this whole situation- didn’t you say he’d had female vessels before?”
And Cas pulls out his phone, calls Hannah, and has her clear his schedule for the next few days. And then he texts his address to Dean. “It’s the same place”, he says, “but just in case you need the reminder. Come by whenever you’d like.”
for Jack. And maybe it
“Cas, it’s okay!” Dean cut him off before he could finish the syllable; for some reason, he was enjoying pretending to be a woman for the moment, even if he wouldn’t be comfortable like this forever. “Sylvia noticed we were having trouble and offered to help. She- she doesn’t care that you’re really a man.”
The bottom dropped out of Dean’s stomach, and he rushed to hide the falter in his step. Sam wasn’t wrong. He never talked about his emotions, or his pain, or how dysfunctional his relationships got sometimes. “Is that so? Well. Maybe it’s just… the right time to finally talk about some of this crap. Just as long as you don’t make me talk to a fucking shrink.”
“Uh- Jack? Cas? What would the two of you think of hitting up that Build-A-Bear we saw over that way, while Charlie and I go run one last errand together?” Dean was back to flushing a deep red.
Dean tilted his head back and laughed. It was a bit weird, his usual belly laugh coming out so much higher and clearer, but at least it felt the same as it always had, and he took another look at the dress in his hand before smiling and putting it back in the pile. “You’ve got a good point- let’s round this out with some PJ’s and then see if we can find Cas and get out of here.”
“Yes. Dean… thank you.”
for once!” Tears glinted in Dean’s eyes. Something about the spell was making it way too easy for him to cry at what felt like the drop of a hat, but it felt cathartic to let this off his chest. “I did my damned best to make sure you had a childhood, even if I had to give up my own childhood to do it! You got your childhood, and I thought I’d finally get a break when you graduated high school, I thought I could relax and you could be my brother instead, but then you went and you
“Because you have a handle on it and this part of the problem is kinda out of my wheelhouse, Sam!”
Dean crashed forward and pulled his son into a hug, shushing him. “Shh, no, kiddo, you’re not a burden, you could never be a burden, it’s okay. Fuck- if anyone would know anything about missing out on the childhood you’re supposed to have, it’d be me and Sam, don’t you realize that?” He could feel hot tears where Jack was crying into his neck, and this was what led him to realizing he was crying too, shaking where he held his son. Cas’ hand was warm and supportive on his back, gently stroking up and down, and it was right where he needed him to be in this moment. “You know, about five years ago, a witch turned me into a teenager, and part of me was so tempted to just let it stay that way.”
Nothing had helped.
“I know, dude. It’s killing me to see you so upset about it.”
While looking through the sleepwear, he picked up a couple other things just for fun, but mostly focused on comfort. Over the years since he and Sam had moved into the bunker, he’d really leaned into hedonism and creature comforts, and there was something nice about wearing  clothing where the most important feature was how soft or silky it was, instead of how durable it was or how easy it was to get rid of bloodstains.
And Dean hides the tears that prick his eyes at that admission by looking away and taking a sip of water instead, and he says, “there was a good few months there when I couldn’t ride Princess because of how much she reminded me of you- but other than that, whenever I missed you, I’d take her for a ride.”
Cas looked intensely at Dean’s face, and maybe from someone else that scrutiny would have felt uncomfortable, but this was Cas, who’d watched him while he’d slept and who knew him better than anyone else. Finally, Cas pulled Dean into a crushing embrace that Dean wholeheartedly returned. There was a lingering tingle in his face and the back of his head that he recognized from being healed by Cas in the past, a stunning
There was a knock at the door- probably Eileen, she’d promised to help him get ready- and he shrugged his now-oversized robe on and opened the door.
he responded with irritation. “It’s hard enough buying new clothes for my usual form- and with that I just try to get more of what Jimmy was originally wearing, both the size and the brand. Clothing is overwhelming and baffling and any time I’ve tried to… broaden my horizons, it’s been too much.”
“Hey, Charlie! Thanks for taking everything to the car. What do you think?” Cas watched as Dean turned his head back and forth, swishing his hair. “I gotta admit, it’s neat having a bit of length; I can almost see what Samantha likes about it.”
“That was. That was a lot.”
“What, about you not being a woman?” Dean’s tense hand on Castiel’s arm belied the flippant tone of his words.
He already knew it was soft, and it fit well, but because they’d been in a rush to try on so many things at the time, he hadn’t taken the opportunity to really take his time to look at it. Now, though, he had that spare moment.
ALSO! Y'all might be noticing a username change! I've had the LadySilvrene handle for over half my life and over the past year I went from "I get dysphoria from the fact that people will read "Lady" and infer things about my gender, but like, this has been my handle for so long so I don't get dysphoria from the handle itself" to "nope nope nope time to change that, change it everywhere". Mdmsr stands for "Madamonsieur" since I don't like Mx as a gender neutral honorific.
conceal weapons on their person, even in formalwear, all of his favorite weapons were a bit oversized for any of the methods of concealment he could think of. “I still haven’t figured out how to deal with that, man, but it’s just dinner, what could possibly go wrong? Besides- I’ve got you to watch my back?”
Charlie glanced back at Cas and his long, messy hair. “You’ve got a point there. Alright- we’ll grab jackets, and then I’ll take care of checking out here while I send you off to get haircuts. Make sure to have fun with it, Handmaiden, this is the kind of experience that doesn’t even come around once in a lifetime for most people.”
For all that he would have insisted he was straight and preferred women just a short while ago, and for all that Cas looked hot in this body, it just wasn’t nearly as hot as when Cas was his usual holy tax accountant self, the nerdy little dude in a trenchcoat he’d fallen in love with.
”I thought about reaching out to you, many times. When he retrieved your luggage to bring it back to Vegas, Inias found the ring. He told me about it. Every time I thought of reaching out to you, I thought of the ring. And then when I stumbled across your shop- it felt like too much time had passed. Maybe Lisa and Ben had moved out here with you, and you’d only moved to be closer to your brother, and reaching out would have been an exercise in heartbreak. So I watched.”
“Did I… did I make it worse? By touching you, I mean? Is- is this okay?” Dean made as if to pull his hand away, but Cas held him in place.
“Please,” he replied, his voice rough with pain and desire. “Please, Dean.”
,” he retorted without thinking, before slapping a hand over his mouth. Civilians had a hard time with magic, how was he going to explain that away-
Charlie grinned up at him. “As much fun as we had with my makeover movie montage, I am thrilled to have the opportunity to return the favor, Handmaiden!”
-and Cas heard a thump and looked up just in time to see Dean lying flat on the hood and windshield of the car, having lost his balance and slipped in the soapy water he hadn’t rinsed off just yet.
That… was a lot easier than he expected, and from what he knew about being trans from his occasional investigation into the parts of his own identity he usually ignored, that was a actually pretty good description of the situation. “Uh, yeah, actually. We uh… we weren’t expecting to be
Jack’s sunny smile never failed to brighten Dean’s day. “I think I’d like that! Especially once I’ve had a chance to explore these options and find out what else I like. Have you found anything yet?”
“I don’t like that they’re mad at each other because of me.”
particular mess, we were thinking of looking into the right way to do what he was aiming for. And of course if we’re doing
Cas tilted his head briefly in confusion, though it looked very different now with the long hair getting in his face. “How would she come to that conclusion?” he asked, gesturing to his body and the sundress he was wearing with discomfort.
The initial aftermath of the date, and a mix of revelations.
“Or, something would have snapped and we would have had an even worse fight- and I wouldn’t have had you watching my back when the apocalypse went down.”
The outing had been good for a number of reasons, Dean reflected, but first and foremost was that he no longer felt like he had to avoid his brother like the plague. Instead, he just had to avoid their fight from the other day- and now that he had something else to focus on, that being the news about Cas’ wings, it would be a lot easier to avoid the one without avoiding the other. Truth be told, he’d missed his brother.
They stood there for a moment, holding one another. The physical contact was soothing. He wasn’t used to it. With Charlie around, he was a little more comfortable with physical affection- and he’d done his best to do right by Jack in that regard- but otherwise he’d gotten used to getting his need for physical touch met through his random hookups. Not that he did that much anymore, not since... But here- Rowena was offering comfort with no strings attached, just holding him. It was nice.
Charlie chuckled. “It’s okay, you’ve always been very pretty, but I already miss having you as my big brother.” They quickly hugged, but when it looked like they were about to step away, Charlie reached out to Cas as well. “Come over here, you look like you could use one too.”
“That might not be a bad idea- I remember that she was invaluable when we needed to decode the codex and the Book of the Damned so that we could remove the Mark of Cain. And now that we no longer need to chain Rowena to work with her, they are much more civil with one another.”
. None of us will think any less of you for it.”
“And you couldn’t talk to me about this so you, what, hoped I’d understand the cultural relevance of your mixtape in spite of my known difficulties with pop culture?”
The first thing Dean is aware of when he opens his eyes is the body pressed against his, and the head resting on his chest. He doesn’t need long to figure out it’s Cas, quietly sleeping and not moving at all. Dean lifts up a hand and passes it through his husband’s hair, who doesn’t move at all.
“And they’ve grown so much. Sam has become quite the responsible man,” at that, Mary looks back down at her baby, who looks up as well as if he’s noticed she’s talking about him. He lets go of John’s finger to smile at his mother. “But Dean, he’s been having it so hard the last few years. I’m glad he’s finally found someone he can feel safe with.”
“And is it true that you developed feelings Angel’s never developed for Gadreel during your task?”
There’s this feeling of sadness going through Dean when he realizes that Cas didn’t even get the chance to see her before she snuck out again. Dean turns his head back towards his own bedroom, knowing that the Angel is still sound sleep back there. He’s most probably going to wake up with a massive headache.
“Robin… Dean Winchester?” Dean says as he gestures himself. Robin’s eyebrows rise and her eyes widen a little bit, but other than a short
“And you’re only here now?” Dean wonders out loud. If Cas had come earlier, would Annie have stopped before she did? Or would she have continued nonetheless?
to do this,” Sam begs of him. Dean’s face starts to shake in Sam’s hands, like he tries to get out of his hold but is too weak to really pull that off.
Some part of him, he thinks, is still hoping. Hoping that, maybe, what he saw at the party is wrong. That maybe, just maybe, Dean is the one he’s been talking with for the past few months. He
“Don’t worry, I won’t do anything you don’t want to do,” Castiel assures him with a soft caress on his face. His other hand continues what it’s been doing, then, but after a few more seconds he stops again. He scrambles back a little bit so his hand has a better reach, and his eyes are stuck on Dean’s.
“Real men don’t drink out of cups this small,” Dean counters grumpily. Sam frowns, and in the background, Lauren ducks away from another one of Castiel’s blows.
Sam seems to catch the hesitation, and he raises his hands.
“That’s when Dorothy snuck along for the ride and got stuck there,” Charlie mutters. There’s a hint of sadness when she mentions Dorothy – Dean knows they were together, he saw it when they came to visit her back there. It must be hard on her to be separated from her for such a long time.
“The vows are ready?” Father Dalma asks. Both men nod. “The best man has the rings?” Another nod. Then Father Dalma closes the folder that was open before him, and he stands up again. It’s then that Castiel notices the noises from the church. People. To his surprise he sees that it’s almost two ‘o clock when he checks the time. He sees Dean’s mouth falling open, probably going crazy from nervousness.
exciting, especially in real life. Also, people know me as some kind of jerk most of the times, heck, just ask my ex Cassie, she’ll gladly agree with you there.”
“Hi, follow me,” he said, greeting Sam and Jess with a soft nod, which was returned with a bright smile from both of them. They looked so happy together, and it made Dean feel proud of them.
“Now you’re ready,” he says, and he holds out his arm. Cas takes a few minutes to accept the help. When he’s standing up, his balance seems to be off, and he ends up leaning onto Dean when his skate starts rolling away without his consent. Dean just snorts. “Yeah, it’s different, isn’t it?”
They let the hunter do when he gets his first aid kit and cleans up her wound on her arm. The brothers remain standing in the background, watching how the two work together. Dean eyes them suspiciously, hand still ready to grab for his gun in case it’s necessary.
“We can’t leave her alone out here,” Dean tells him. After that he runs to the trunk to take out a large knife, and he walks inside. Sam doesn’t like it that his brother is in there alone, but Dean’s right; they can’t leave Lauren alone with no-one to protect her.
“Where’s Ben?” he asks. Claire shrugs.
The boys are literally perfect. They’re both so small, chubby as any baby normally is, with only the lightest freckles on their cheeks. While Alan has Dean’s own green eyes, Jonah’s are blue like Cas’. So far their hair is extremely light, but it’s often that it darkens as they get older. As far as Dean remembers from his dreams in the past, Alan’s hair would be darker than Jonah’s.
Eventually, January turns into February turns into March. There’s an obvious lack of messages coming in from Wind, but at the same time it’s not like Castiel is sending him anything, either. He never responded to Wind’s last message after all.
“So, I guess you’re not in a team yet?” Castiel asks, hopefully. Maybe he wouldn’t walk up to other students, but with Dean he knows he can ask, because he knows this guy a little bit more now.
“The Host had agreed that she had committed a crime against Heaven, and was sentenced to Death. Other Nephilim were regarded as dangerous, and were avoided in contact. Azrael, who had been furious with grief, swore that, if she couldn’t keep her Nephilim-child, none of the others could, either. With that, she led the mission and helped killing thousands of them. Every bit of emotion she had once started to show now vanished. She released her vessel, and only took on a new one eons later, this time a vessel that could not reproduce by Angel’s standards.
Garth and Bessy arrive when Dean has finally finished everything in his plate, but the conversations that have been going around here are interesting enough that he decides to stay put. Most of them are
“You took Metatron,” Cas grumbles, voice almost as deadly as his face. “Where is he?”
“Well, yeah, we’ve been to the hospital with them, right?” Sam asks, recalling very well how the teenager and the young-adult had joined them today. “Why?”
Castiel shakes a few more hands – Inias’s, Muriel’s, Hannah’s, and many more. Gail even wraps him in a strong hug – their usual handshake, like Castiel explained to Dean all those years ago. She still seems as enthusiastic about Dean and Castiel as before, asking how they’re doing and all those things. By the time he can finally reach Abner and Gadreel, he receives another embrace from the two.
, okay?” she says, as if that’s explanation enough. Then she gestures to the pillows on the ground. Jimmy sits down immediately, but Castiel hesitates a little longer. He really should get back to Dean before he comes looking for him.
After making sure that nobody’s around, Sam bends down to check on the teeth of the head, finding that there’s indeed a vampire tooth coming out of the gum when he presses on it. He huffs disbelievingly, but still makes an impressed face.
“My father mourned your loss, just like my mother did. But they finally got together in the end and found happiness with each other, no matter how short that moment was.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean mumbles. He gets himself to the side to take off his skates. It’s been long enough now, and that jump didn’t really help with his ribs – sure, they were healing quickly at first, but now they seem stuck to that same phase; ‘let’s hurt Dean whenever he least expects it’.
"Hey, I'm not a random bartender!" Dean protests loudly enough that Jimmy probably heard it as well.
Annie returns to Pontiac – where she now lives permanently, Dean suspects – and Dean and Cas stay a little longer in Italy with their brothers and their wife and girlfriend. The six of them are sitting at a restaurant when Amelia finally reveals that she’s pregnant at last. Three months in, already.
“Excuse me?”
It takes Dean a little while to notice that there
Now that he’s finally here, he enjoys another sip from his cup before starting to talk.
“How did you get all this stuff?” Dean asks bitterly while taking a plastic rifle from the prop-table. It has a fake recharger, but with just the wrong movement it might break in his hands.
And everybody nods, then, already flying away before Castiel could even get up. He knows, though, that it’s because of him that they get away that quickly. They don’t want him here, and he could totally understand that. Still, that doesn’t mean that it isn’t hurtful.
At least they are still polite enough to knock on the door, to give this Randy a chance of handing Claire over with no trouble. Or, at least, that’s what he agreed to with Dean before he got out of the car. But he didn’t promise anything, so, when the door opens, Castiel can’t help but let his fist collide with the face of the man that appears from the other side.
He takes a deep breath.
“Any type of people he follows?” Sam then asks. Tracy nods.
“Dean’s not here,” Sam begins. They can almost feel the sigh coming from Bobby, and it’s almost as horrible as a scolding. At least now Castiel knows that his uneasy feeling about this is all is not for nothing.
“What are you doing here?” Sam dares to ask, but the face Dean makes isn’t all too happy. Still, Sam shouldn’t be afraid of his own brother; he knows Dean would never hurt him. It’s actually mostly the twins that he’s scared about, so he makes sure to keep his voice down.
Cas shakes his head. “That would only have threatened him more. I managed well enough by myself.”
Metatron sits back up, holding out his hands in a agreeing way. “Love,” he repeats.
Eventually, Charlie arrives again from where-ever she was in the bunker, and right then the introductions start again. While they’re all trying to learn each other’s name, Dean catches how Cas is still secretly watching the door, obviously still expecting Claire to arrive.
he got out of the car and stared out at the view before him. it was a small lake area that was no one ever went to, especially not in the middle of january. a few trees littered the grassy area before the sand, though all the leaves were long fallen. it wasn't the cleanest, but the water wasn't the reason that cas ever went.
cas watched dean's face as he fucked him and was surprised, to say the least. he knew that it felt good, obviously, or they wouldn't be here right now, but the faces that dean was making were almost pornographic. his eyes were clenched shut most of the time and his mouth hung open as he leaned hid head back. sweat dripped down from his forehead and down the sides of his face, almost glowing in the dim lighting in the room.
"it's not nothing to me," cas almost growled, getting pulled down to the ground once again.
castiel just laughed slightly as he continued on with his work. he positioned himself to thrust into dean at a different angle, and by the sharp moan released by him, he knew he found it. he made sure to keep going at the same angle each time, causing any back talking he could have been getting to be stalled, as dean was much more occupied with sloppy moans slipping from his tongue.
"get the fuck off of me," cas mumbled, shoving against dean's chest. "i'm not fucking doing this with you." and with that, dean was off, and cas was grabbing his things and leaving the locker room.
"good, i'm starving."
"wow, thank you for humbling me, i didn't know i was that good," cas teased as he grabbed his jersey and shorts off the floor and putting it in his bag. when he looked back and dean had still not moved, he felt a little bit worried. "you good?"
dean looked slightly taken aback at the reciprocated stares, but adjusted almost as quickly as he became surprised. he cocked an eyebrow up for a moment before narrowing his forest green eyes directly onto castiel's sky blue ones.
there was no other exchange between them for the remaining hour, despite the teacher never returning. another person had to come in just to dismiss them. dean could not have hurried to leave the room any faster, but cas took some time to compose himself because he remembered that dean was still coming over to drop off sam.
cas simply rolled his eyes, turned around, and picked it up. he smirked as he watched dean walking to his own bag, limping slightly. at least he has this to hold over him.
cas decided to pick peace, just this once, and continue getting dressed, but as the others on the team kept joking about him, he grew more and more impatient with them.
everything going on was ridiculous, so fucking stupid. what randomly clicked in dean's stupid fucking brain that decided he wanted cas to fuck him? what even made cas do it? there was no reason he should have done that. no reason at all.
"it's not even that big of a deal! why are you making something out of nothing?!" dean yelled.
he started to put his things down and away where they belonged, his bags in the corner and gym clothes in the laundry, despite not wearing them for most of the week. he pulled a textbook and some paper from his bag and sat at his desk, but was so unable to focus on any work that he sat with his head in his hands mumbling incoherent sounds.
"i don't have lube or condoms."
"what's your fucking problem?" dean spat, standing up and shoving cas backward into the breakfast bar. "not everything is about you, okay? you think i wanted to come to your house?"
"cas!" gabe yelled, now much closer. "sam and i are working on something."
when he was just a kid, he decided to explore one day and happened to find a cove on the edge of a cliff hidden behind a ton of bushes and trees. it was one of his favorite discoveries, and became the spot he went to whenever he needed to be alone. he never told anyone about it, not even meg, and she knows everything. well, almost everything.
"you never offered," cas mocked as he stood and waited for the okay.
"and i hate you too."
"i'm fine," dean mumbled as he waddled to his things. "fuck, i don't think i've ever cum harder before..."
"you're so small, you really think you can just give me a little push and expect anything from it?" dean laughed.
the drive back home was much more comfortable and enjoyable than he originally thought it would be. meg certainly improved his mood a lot, which was very lucky. he wasn't sure if he could handle being around meg and being mad.
"that's why i picked small rocks." dean rolled his eyes and began walking toward cas.
"what the fuck is your problem? do i need to call a doctor for you or something?" cas groaned as he watched dean, his body never moving. "your eyes are going to dry out if you don't stop."
"i swear i'm going to annihilate him someday," she mumbled, angerly taking a bite of her cookie.
"were you not listening to us? he pushed me over a bench, and that's just from today! i've told you plenty of the cruel things he's done to me. it's quite obvious that he hates me, but that doesn't mean he's good," cas basically shouted, and quite aggressively at that.
"i just didn't want to come," cas replied, trying to get away, but dean pressed his hands either side of cas to hold him in place. "look, i don't give a shit about how coach treats you, okay? doesn't matter to me either way. you're just too much of a pussy to handle it."
"not my problem," cas replied cockily, his eyes pinned to the tall brunette's. two can play at this game.
dean huffed before swinging his fist toward cas, but was dodged easily. cas followed dean's actions from the day before and shoved him against the lockers next to them. he rolled his eyes and began to walk away, but was grabbed by the shoulders and thrown to the ground.
"but we aren't done," sam sighed as he looked at gabe. he turned his attention to cas and looked at the floor. "we're coming back tomorrow, okay? we have to finish this. please just get along, or just don't talk."
"you ready?" cas asked, because he wasn't a total cunt.
dean and cas have detention for their previous fight.
"that's all you right now, baby girl," cas winked, though the other couldn't see him.
"yeah, yeah." cas rolled his eyes as he pulled his shirt off.
dean grabbed castiel's arm and threw him away from the lockers into the bench, causing him to trip and fall over top of it and onto the ground.
"it looks awful."
"he's just so easy," dean replied, and cas could just tell he was smiling, the stupid fucker.
"pathetic," dean mumbled, looking up at cas.
not that cas cared or anything. in fact, he thought it was quite funny.
"you have business to finish, fuckface."
since dean seemed to enjoy cas' nails before, he decided to put his idea to the test. he removed his hands from dean's hips and brought them to the top of his back, slowly dragging them down the skin. dean wailed out a moan that was similar to before, but with much more power. surely enough, he was pushed to his peak and shot his load onto the bench.
most of the boys had trickled out of the room slowly, only a couple left, as well as dean and cas. dean was still in his sweaty jersey and shorts, sat on the same bench that he and cas had fucked on this time the day before. of course he was.
"f-fuck..." he grunted, his whole body rocking back and forth. "fuck off."
castiel took the condom wrapper into his teeth and tore it before sliding it onto his length quickly. he walked over to the man before him as he opened the lube as well and coated a few fingers.
"yeah? and what's stopping you? can't hit a face as pretty as mine?"
cas sighed and looked at the ground. "coach made me stay late for yesterday, i'm sorry. we can still hang out while you work though."
"i don't want to look at you, it's bad enough doing it," cas groaned.
cas started feeling around in his bag for clean clothes but he never took his eyes off the boy. dean lowered himself down and made his way off the bench, almost falling down in the process. "seriously, i didn't actually do anything, did i?"
"what the hell are you doing?!" cas whisper-yelled. "it's freezing out here! did you really walk here?"
he supposed it does.
"i can't sleep at home right now. just let me stay here for like an hour, that's it," dean asked, but it seemed more like a demand.
"why don't you try taking a dick up the ass and see how it feels?" dean seethed as he swung his head as far to the side as he could, trying to look cas in the eyes.
cas took grip of dean's hips and dug his nails into the skin, which lead dean to let out a rather breathy moan, one he had yet to hear from him. when he didn't get an earful of protests, he assumed it meant that dean enjoyed it.
dark eyes stared at cas as he walked into the detention room. dean's cheek was still slightly red from castiel slapping him that morning, so cas was sure that his own jaw was going to be badly bruised, it always is. dean has a good hitting arm.
"i know."
"did you hear yourself a few minutes ago?" cas rolled his eyes as bottomed out into dean. at this point, dean was biting his lip enough to turn the skin around his teeth white. "i haven't even started yet. i affect you that much?" cas teased, slowly starting to thrust.
"are you ready?" cas asked lowly, grabbing the condom and tearing it open with his teeth.
"where were you yesterday?" dean hissed, his eyes almost dark. "coach threw such a hissy fit and pinned it all on me. i had to run twenty laps because your incompetent ass couldn't make it to practice." cas rolled his eyes and tried to walk around dean since he was stopped in the middle of the doorway. he got just past before getting shoved into the wall next to them. "i'm talking to you, motherfucker."
slowly, cas pulled his cock from dean, just a few inches, before slowly thrusting back in, earning a pained inhale from the man under him. "would you be more careful?"
cas was furious, but how could he not be? this was so much more than he signed up for. he didn't even technically know what he signed up for when it came to dean and him, but he was sure as hell that it wasn't this.
and now castiel has detention after school with dean. it wasn't the first time, but dean was ruthless during detention. he can somehow do something as simple as drop a pencil and get cas in trouble, which dean found absolutely hilarious. cas did not. and then after that, dean is coming over again. cas had no idea how to handle it. him being at his house was the reason they were in this mess in the first place.
"cas," gabe mumbled from the living room.
"i don't know," cas sighed. "he barely gives a shit about anything anymore, he's so busy now days."
"be over at 5," cas whispered behind him before attempting to pay attention.
with a loud sigh, dean let go of the boy and walked away, only to bring back a condom and a small packet of lube. "now c'mon then."
secrets seemed to be building up on cas anymore. his place has been one for a while, but the whole dean situation was a much bigger secret than he ever planned to have. he still had no idea why it ever happened. it shouldn't have, but in the moment, it was irresistible. fuck him, jeez. whatever he did to cas to make him fall into the trap, fuck him.
she rolled her eyes and flicked a couton in castiel's direction, earning a pitiful glare from him. "don't give me that gross pep-talk bullshit, i'm gonna vomit."
"nice to know how much of an effect my cock had on you," cas smiled smugly, turning around and getting dressed.
"you're not coming in here," cas stated sternly, crossing his arms. "fucking go home."
once in the locker room, it was eerily quiet, but after bad practices, it always was. there was an occasional cough, bang against the lockers, or stream of water, but almost no talking. no one would be in the mood anyway. cas wasn't even in the mood to have meg over anymore, but she may decapitate him if he cancelled.
cas visits meg at work and he has another fight with dean.
cas pulled out and removed the condom, dropping it in the bin near him. he looked back to see dean had not moved. his head was rested against the metal and his ass was high in the air.
cas was so close, and the sight almost pushed him over, so he continued to drag his nails down dean's skin as he fucked him through his high. within a few seconds, cas, too, was cumming, slowing his thrusts to a stop. he could hear dean's loud gasps for air as the slapping of skin stopped.
"oh fuck off," cas rolled his eyes, standing up off the floor. he wiped the dust off his ass, but stared into dean's eyes the whole time. "try a little harder next time, yeah?"
"uhh, snowmen?" cas mumbled as he watched her eating. he had finished many minutes prior and just wanted to go sit somewhere else that wasn't buzzing with gross teenagers, but could you blame him? it could not be louder in the room.
well, now they have much more than just fighting that they need to keep hidden. no one needs to know about what they did the day before, not that it meant anything anyway.
coach was pissed, and dean could not have enjoyed it more. he took every chance he could to take a jab at cas, which was politely, or impolitely, returned. a never-ending cycle of who could come up with a better insult, it seemed. cas claimed the throne, whether he actually believed he deserved it or not.
as soon as the door closed, dean's chair made a scraping noise as he pushed himself back. he looked liked he debated standing up, but decided against it and just sighed. the tension was higher between them than it had been before as dean's eyes never left cas, only narrowed on him further.
there isn't anything wrong with being gay, of course, but it's less of the gay thing and more of just a dean thing. even if he were to like dudes, dean would not be his type at all. he's a sorry excuse for a "bad boy", if you could even call him that. he's a bad boy in the sense that he skips class, breaks the rules, and all the girls are attracted to him, not that castiel understands the hype, but he doesn't fit the stereotype enough to earn such a title. he doesn't actually get with any of the girls who find him attractive, at least, not that anyone knows of, but he doesn't even really have friends. he just hangs out with his little brother most times. him, the team, or his brother's friends. as far as cas was concerned, dean only fit under the category of weird.
the banter was cut down once they finally began, rather replacing it with the sound of skin colliding and grunts of pleasure. cas wasn't as worried about getting caught, mostly because there wasn't really anyone to catch them besides gabe, but there was still a lingering fear. they shouldn't be doing this, why were they? he still didn't know or understand the situation in the slightest.
"i told you not to fucking do it, you twat. what? do you want me to do it again?" dean grinned angerly.
"just put it all the way in and don't move."
"dean fucking showed up at my house, meg. he was just fucking sitting in my kitchen. what kind of psychopath does that?!" cas shouted a little too loudly, as the couple near him gave a dirty look.
"there's suppose to be a big snow storm tonight," meg said as she stabbed her salad. she waved the fork around in the air before placing it in her mouth and adding with her mouth full, "you know what that means?"
"i would prefer not to make you a pretzel at all," she chuckled. "but i'll do it because i love you."
"shut your fucking mouth," dean growled, quickly shifting to face cas.
"oh god," he groaned. "so close-"
it slid in rather easily, and dean didn't seem to be as bothered. he slid it in and out a few times before dean started to get impatient.
"you could have broken my window."
"leave me the hell alone, winchester. you've missed more shots today than i have," i seethed. "but then again, maybe you're just sore."
"fuck," castiel groaned as he bottomed out into dean. "god, you're so tight."
"yeah?"
"you gonna hurry it up or what? or are you just enjoying the view too much?"
"i'm getting a call, i need to take this. there are cameras watching you, so behave," the teacher stated before picking up the phone with an overenthusiastic greeting and walking out of the room.
he slowly made his way to the cove, careful not to make too much of a mess of the foliage. he would rather not have people find out about this part of the lake due to his inability to keep it hidden. he plopped down on the rocky floor, which was especially cold under him, as the winter air had chilled it to a rather freezing temperature. he looked out at the lake and the view immediately calmed his nerves. the water was still, only rippling when a fish came up to catch a bug.
"everyone knows i hate him, jackass," castiel hissed, whipping his head around to shift his glare to her. she jumped back slightly, but soon smirked.
"wow, it's almost like you did it," cas sarcastically smiled, eyes squinted. "do you want to give it a quick wittle kissy kissy?"
cas, louder than he meant to, stomped down the stairs to the front door. he swung open the wood, making dean jump backward.
"i could shove my dick into you right now and show no mercy, so unless you want me to tear you a new one, shut your fucking mouth, got it?" cas hissed as he inserted another finger.
obviously cas was gonna "suit himself", he knows dean, and he knows how much of a cock he is. no one else would understand. they keep most of their bad fights pretty far under wraps.
castiel just smiled at him. dean grabbed cas' shoulders and shoved him into the locker again, their bodies flush to each other. dean's face was just inches away from cas', his hot breath tickling his nose slightly.
"get fucked," dean growled, switching his body so his forearms rested on the cool metal instead. his head now hung low, almost resting against the bench as his back was slightly arched.
cas began to scan the packed room, just people watching, a hobby he and meg enjoyed. their favorite was clothing shops in the mall. even through the crowd, castiel's eyes locked onto dean's.
"shut up with your basketball lingo. i'm starting to regret becoming your friend," she deadpanned. cas crinkled his top lip and furrowed his brows. "kidding, kidding. i still like michael more though."
dean snarled and shoved himself into cas harder. castiel let out a strained breath and squinted his eyes shut.
cas continued at a fairly quick pace, one hand on dean's thigh, the other in his hair, pulling it every dean had calmed from the last time. he moaned out at almost every thrust, so cas kept the speed and continued with dean's hair. he tangled his hand tighter and yanked on it harder than he had been, making dean cum upon the instant.
dean's eyes became dark as he scowled and rushed toward cas, grabbing his shoulders and shoving him onto the ground. dean fell onto cas' stomach, straddling him as he punched cas in the jaw.
"you don't know how badly i want to beat you into a pulp," dean hissed through his teeth. "if i could, you would already be out."
"don't fucking do that," dean groaned as he pressed his thumbs deeper into castiel's skin. "just do it already."
cas groaned, looked over to his door, seeing dean already unbuttoning his pants. not being in the mood to argue he simply replied, "yeah, okay."
cocky son of a bitch.
cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath before moving back inside, allowing dean to come in as well. "my room, that's it. don't let gabe see you here."
Over the course of the afternoon, Cas went from holding Dean’s hand, to just holding Dean as he leaned against him. And finally, finally, after talking about that horrible fight that happened after Sam moved out to California for college, the stories about John wound down, and Dean stopped talking, and they all took a moment for it all to sink in.
“It ain’t flattery if it’s the truth. Charlie, you terrify me, there is no way I’m getting on your bad side.”
came and read my fic and commented on it and mentioned it in their reply on my comment and just.
Sam’s timing was perfect. As soon as Cas had calmed down, he’d rushed out of the garage, leaving Dean to give Baby the attention she deserved; he was just finishing up with her when Sam had called out.
. They were both too curvy, Dean’s breasts filling out his soaked t-shirt, the swell of his own breasts barely contained by the athletic garment.
I really appreciate all your comments and feedback, by the way; they make a huge difference to me and make my day!
As Dean turned to the bed to pick up his shirt, he noticed Cas standing in the doorway. “Oh hey, did Charlie find you?”
They stepped back, and Dean glanced away to keep from being caught up in Cas’ gaze again, where he noticed that Cas was clutching something in his hand. “Hey, is that my jacket?”
“Dinner was nice, but guess what just happened that’s even better?!”
“Rowena. I think it might be best to reconvene research as a group sometime tomorrow at the earliest.” At her nod, he headed over to where Jack was sitting. Rowena continued talking to Sam in a hushed, soothing tone of voice, but he paid no further attention to her. As he reached Jack, Eileen came up beside him.
The silence echoed around them. In his peripheral vision, he noted that Cas looked shocked, but had his hands up to Sign the argument to Eileen. Jack huddled in his chair, but didn’t seem put off by Dean’s explosive anger, and instead was leaning towards him. Charlie and Rowena looked impressed.
And after they’re finished, when they’re lying together, sweaty and sated, they continue their conversation.
Dean was turning him, pulling him out from under the spray, wrapping him in a towel, his face frantic. There was nothing wrong with his ears, but he couldn’t hear anything clearly, even though he could see that Dean was trying to say something. After a few attempts where he could tell that his face remained blank with a lack of comprehension, Dean tried using the sign language he’d learned for Eileen, but the way he moved his fingers made no more sense to Cas than the noise rushing in his ears.
“Of course you’re invited- having you there is gonna make this easier, if nothing else. Why wouldn’t I want you there?”
eyes. “Dean! Dean I’m so sorry, I-I didn’t mean to do this, I don’t know what happened, I’m so sorry!”
Shaking his head, he settled more comfortably into the office chair, and began to read. In the background, he could hear Dean come into the garage and start moving about- the creak of the pipes as he turned on the hose, the repeated splash of the sponge into the wash bucket, the small noises of exertion he made as he stretched and contorted himself to reach the car. At one point, he even heard a disgruntled huff, followed by dragging over a stepstool- likely to reach the roof of the vehicle, since Dean was much shorter in his current form.
The restriction tightened, but then he heard in his ear “Dean, I’m right here.”
With a gently teasing “after you”, Cas stepped ahead of Dean to open the door, and they headed inside together.
“The angel wings- see? They’re the shiny rainbow ones. They don’t look exactly like his but they were the closest they had.”
He tried to reach out to Dean, but the moment he unclenched one of his hands from his shirt, the fabric moved and his chest was no longer so well guarded from the air of the garage, and he had to move it back, hyperventilating in spite of not needing to actually breathe.
Dean staggered slightly, light the floor had been pulled out from under him, but carefully tried to obscure it. “The spell?” He turned to face Cas where he was standing in the doorway to the kitchen, catching his eye, but his words were still directed to the rest of the room. “But if it’s the spell that’s letting Cas fly right now- what does that mean for Cas when we break it?”
to wear while they went shopping with Rowena and Charlie- but of the four of them, her clothes fit Dean the least, and so he was stuck with this… and he wasn’t quite sure what to think of it.
“As it should be, Handmaiden.” They grinned at each other, before Dean winced at the lights in the hall again. “Hey, let’s get you to your room, I’ll get you some water and tylenol, we can put on the Lord of the Rings and have a little sleepover, just the two of us?”
“...I see.” Cas turned his head to Sylvia, who had been watching the pair with a small smile on her face. “Very well. Nothing is comfortable, I don’t know my size, and I’m finding it very hard to find any clothing that appeals to me. I’m not good at shopping for clothing as it is.”
”So I said yes. And by the time we’d made it back to Vegas, I loved you, was well on my way to being in love with you, but I couldn’t... I couldn’t
“Dean, you’ve already mentioned having issues with coordination and muscle memory just navigating around the bunker,” Cas reminded him gently, to which he received a grimace.
“Dean. I’m worried about you- we’re all worried about you. You can’t hide in this room forever.”
“I know, buddy, I know. Shh-shh-shh-shh, it’s alright. He’s been gone since before I even met Cas the first time, and he’s my example of everything
Sam grimaced at the memory before laughing. “You know now that you bring that up, it kinda puts this,” and here he gestured at the five of them standing together, “into perspective. There are so many worse things we’ve done.”
And Dean had kissed him while his skin had crawled, and he hated it, hated that such a beautiful thing was so tainted. Whenever he’d remember this kiss with Dean, it would be overlaid with the sensation of crawling skin. Whenever he’d remember this kiss with Dean, he’d wonder if the only reason Dean had kissed him, was because he’d looked like a woman in that moment.
Jack tilted his head, and smiled tentatively. “If you’re sure.”
Dean flushed and tugged the robe closed. “Honestly not used to this yet,” he said, rubbing his hand along the back of his neck under the clumsy ponytail he’d put together earlier. “And I was expecting Eileen and she’s supposed to be helping me get dressed, so I didn’t think I’d needed to put anything else on.”
“It’s nothing like what I usually wear, and knowing me it will look wrinkled and unkempt the moment I look at it wrong- but it does look nice. Wearing something like this on a dinner out could be a good way to spend an evening with her.” But instead of imagining him and Dean going to dinner in their current guises, he thought of them as they usually were, and he smiled softly at the thought of having such an intimate evening with Dean all to himself.
And then I reread and analyzed further and I realized that, dumbass pantser that I am, the conversation was part of one of the recurring themes of the damn fic, and of course it belonged there, especially since I hadn't touched on this with Jack since like chapter six or so.
Dean’s eyes twinkled as he pulled back to say, cheekily, “you know you love me!”
The moment he’d started relaxing into the bed, Dean had turned as if to leave, and it took all of the will that Cas could gather within himself to reach out with the hand of his vessel and grab at Dean’s wrist. Dean turned and caught his eyes, and for a moment Cas lost himself in that gold-green gaze, before he cleared his throat to speak.
me and you went off to college and I was stuck with Dad and his vendetta and his criticism and I was never good enough for him and there was nobody there for me! The only thing that got me through was thinking it would be my turn, and then it wasn’t, it was still your turn, it was always your turn! I gave you the best damn childhood I could, and maybe it wasn’t good enough but it also shouldn’t have been my freakin’ job, man!” The tears streamed freely down his face, and he brusquely wiped them away. “But I
