He admires his work the way a cartoon villain would, laughing silently if not sinisterly to himself while slinking back into the shadows of the brightly lit TV room, his origin story practically writing itself.
Just as it’s turning into something a little too intimate, Cas's gaze flicks past Dean’s shoulder. His eyes grow wide and he ducks his head back down.
There was a man talking to another man and a woman--the two of them looking like they came as a couple--that Dean and Cas had watched for a while.
Cas swallowed. His eyes were watery, and Dean could tell it wasn't just because of the vomiting. "Do you hate me?"
Dean glares at her, which, if the smug smile she blasts at him is anything to go by, is the response she was looking for.
He's prying up that busted twelfth step on the staircase, working the nails loose with the claw part of a hammer. It should be easy work, but the air conditioner's broken, the house is stuffy, and Dean is literally bathing in his own bodily fluids.
So, of course Dean starts beaming at Naomi, unwilling -- unable -- to control the pride and the pleasure chasing through him.
He settles back onto the couch, kicking his feet up. His face becomes a mask of disinterest. "Whatever."
"Want to order in? I don't know if you noticed, but our choices are basically fast food or pizza. I could probably get a salad, so, maybe--"
Briefly, Castiel flicks a look Dean's way. It's small, he goes right back to the staring contest he's having with the floor almost straight away, but it does for Dean what spinach does for Popeye, what a phone booth and skimpy tights do for Superman. It fills him with something inside that makes him feel damn near invincible. Insanity, probably, but he embraces it and lets it guide him Cas' way.
Dean sighs and pushes Cas onto the bed. The fever he can deal with, but Cas unloading his guilty conscious onto him? He didn't sign up for that. "Come on, lie back," he tells him, but Cas grips both his wrists and keeps Dean near.
And it's not even that Sam's a bad kid. It's just that, ever since they were little, he's always wanted to be uprooted into some apple pie life—picket fence, yappy little dog in the backyard, that whole nine yards—so since right before puberty he's been rebelling in his own small ways. Picking fights with their dad when he was around, ignoring Dean when he wasn't. And then Ruby happened, and that was. That was something else.
Dean shifts his body weight around, eyeballing the spread of office furniture and trying to figure out which one to sit on when Cas makes that decision himself. He sits at a desk with a computer and gestures for Dean to take the scabby-looking chair opposite. It looks, and feels, like a mangy cat, which already tells Dean where this interview is heading. Guys who get the job don't get mangy chairs.
“No time, Sammy,” Dean tells him, tugging Cas out the kitchen and down the hall. He yells obnoxiously, “Gonna go
Until, that is, he spots the scrawled evidence of Dean's immaturity written on the side of his cup, and while it takes him a second or two to sound it out, once he gets it, his good mood fucks off fast.
"Call me crazy, but, I'd rather have you here." Cas's gaze snaps back to Dean's. He feels the truth climbing up and then spilling out of him. "Cas, you can't do that again. You can't just up and die like that."
Cas searches Dean's eyes long and hard and eventually decides it must be the truth. He grabs a card from the middle, then smiles; it gave him a six to make a pair with the six he already has.
"What do you want me to say?" Sam fires back. "Our whole life, Dean, has been one unexplainable phenomenon after the other. Or, it was," he says, and he's frowning. "Until we closed the Gates. I guess I'm just..." When he trails off, Dean's attention snaps his way again. Sam shifts, avoiding eye contact, which means Dean fills in the blanks himself and does what comes naturally. He razzes him.
"With one of Bobby's rifles? Yeah," Sam answers happily, like he's got a real vivid mental slideshow happening.
“Dude,” Dean says, spelling it out for him, past the point of tact. “Last night? Me and him? We had sex. Awesome, mind-blowing, lost-feeling-in-my-legs-for-ten-whole-minutes, two
Refusing to be led into the conversation Sam clearly wants them to have, he goes for deflection. "Or one hairy chick. Didn't know Cas had a type."
For a while, except for the constant chirping of crickets and the occasional overhead drone of an airplane, it's quiet. Stiflingly so, and Dean's not normally one for drawn out, melodramatic moments of silent self-reflection, but there's something about Cas right now that's making Dean wait it out. Whatever this even is.
"Dean," Sam tries. Then, carefully and weighted, "You said he saved you. Right? That he sacrificed himself for you? Maybe, this one time, we need to just honor his choice--"
"This is Cas," Dean answers finally, declaring something huge. It makes Cas's expression melt, going from guarded to hopeful, and damn if Dean's doesn't want to grab hold of that stupid scarf and put their mouths together in the most awesome way possible.
Sam, though, stares at Dean like Dean's announced he's half-kitten, with this look like something adorable's going on.
"Before," Cas explains, and right away Dean knows what 'before' is being remembered here, "the rare occasion I stayed at places similar to this, only one other time was there an ice bucket."
Cas is narrowing his eyes at him, the easy acceptance from Dean throwing him off. "That's it? Just, 'okay?'" The imitation is a poor one, mean and gravelly-sounding. The finger quotes don't help.
Dean adds, "Flu," with a half-smile thrown Cas' way, like that sums up the whole bathroom encounter and, aw, ain't Cas a little trooper?
"Oh, Dean. Hello," Naomi calls, appearing on their front porch. She's dressed as immaculately as ever, her hair pulled back into a tight bun. As she carefully descends the couple of steps with another box in her hand -- this one says 'kitchen' -- she gives him a bright smile. "We didn't expect to see you. Did we, Castiel?"
There were an awkward few breakfasts where Cas showed up with morning wood and Dean was expected to eat in peace when he couldn't even look up from his damn plate without knowing the size and shape of what Cas was packing.
Cas seemed to get all of that without Dean having to tell him. He was trying to hide the fact that this whole thing hurt like hell, but still, he stood tall and looked Dean straight in the eyes and proclaimed, "You're drunk."
Dean's stomach flops around for a whole new reason. He remembers texting Cas. He also remembers going to Grounds For Thought, meeting Gabriel, and the radio silence he put Cas through just for wanting to hang out.
Who is fifteen years Dean's senior, hot as fuck, and who flirts shamelessly with both boys the couple times a year they see her over at Bobby's. She is solely responsible for Dean's belief that 'cougars' are a real thing and not just something TV invented.
"We need hummus and some vegetables. Organic, not the chemical stuff. Oh, and cider! Here, let me write it down for you."
"Really?" Sam says, stifling a laugh. Jo doesn't even bother. Dean hates them both. "At a craft store? Did she yell at you in front of the yarn?"
"I'm gonna--" he says right away, and if it's strange that Cas is shoved up against the fridge or that Dean's maybe looking a little flushed, Sam doesn't notice or doesn't care. He makes the universal hand motion for either
It's barely even five when Dean shows up at the Roadhouse, which means the only people around are the locals and alcoholics.
Cas slides on top of Dean, settling so he's sprawled half-across him with their legs tangled together. Their hips catch and then line up, and Dean gets some tangible proof that Cas is as fucked up as he is; his dick is hard and when he rolls his weight forward, it squashes Dean's in the space between them, and Dean pretty much picks up praying on the spot because dear god and all the jesuses, do not let him blow his load early.
They worry first about angel doings and once-dormant plagues and monster illnesses from cursed objects around the bunker, but Sam WebMD's Cas' symptoms and diagnoses him with: the flu.
"In Gabriel's mind, a perfectly reasonable doughnut to not only serve but sell, is one glazed in icing then topped with fudge-covered pieces of cake."
"Hey," she says, sounding wrecked. "Sam, right?" She tries for a smile, but the thing's too heartbroken to do anything but make Dean feel uncomfortable.
"You're quiet," Cas says to him now, drawing Dean out of his thoughts. They pass the sign that notifies Mankato is only five miles away. "You don't need to be worried."
When Cas thumbs the precome that's started making the dry drag sticky and faster, Dean's elbows nearly buckle. Cas is stripping Dean the way he does it himself, twisting and pulling rough, every fourth or fifth tug making a loose fist again for Dean to fuck up into. Dean starts to lose his rhythm. Pretty soon he's mindlessly chasing after that friction, lost to the slap of their hips, the grunt of air it knocks out of them, Cas's knees smacking Dean's sides.
"Never mind," Dean says, before Cas can say anything. And it's likely Cas would've clutched the bird prudishly to him and insisted Dean leave, the way he's starting to look. "How about you show me where Emeril Lagasse here goes."
Dean lifts his eyebrows real big to say: you betcha. He takes a slow sip and leans against the counter a second, watching while Cas moves through the kitchen, drifting towards the source of the sound.
Cas, about as equipped to filter sarcasm as ever, entirely missed the joke. "It happens often, to the point I no longer believe you're sincerely apologetic about it."
"Uh, yeah. I saw the sign out front," he starts, but then he trails off because Cas has turned around and is walking away, dismissing him just like that. Like he's not even worth the introduction, which is twelve kinds of awkward.
. Not interruptin', am I?" He said it with enough drawl that Dean felt uncomfortable at what he was hinting at. Not that Dean wasn't used to getting the
"Dean." Cas waits until he's looking at him. "Getting to know you has been worth any rejection. Though I will say, if this has been you flirting, we're probably doomed."
Cas leans into Dean and raises his voice over the radio and bar noise. "It was Dean who proposed." He sways into Dean even further, his arm coming up behind the high back of Dean's chair, where it stays.
He sends it before he can second-guess himself, or his shirtlessness, or the fact that the covers are pulled down to his waist, the accidental (okay, purposeful) bicep flex, the hint of Blue Steel that comes out automatically...
' Dean takes off. Not without first hissing after Sam, "Comb your hair, would you, you look like Natalie Portman!" Needless to say, that goes unappreciated.
There's a psycho at school named Meg who flirts with Cas a lot, but she's shoved her tongue down Dean's throat before
"Dean's a pretty decent cook," Sam says by way of agreement. There’s also a gleam in his eyes that lets Dean and anyone else paying attention know what he’s doing here. Building Dean up like he’s some prized pony at the fair.
The night stand's got a lamp on it that'd turned on when Dean flicked the switch by the door. There's a radio alarm clock too, and when Dean tests the knob on the side, fiddling with it out of boredom and curiosity, Foreigner blurts out loudly to tell him he's a long, long way from home. Dean shuts it off quick and checks the doorway, pulse pounding in a way he doesn't really have an excuse for. No sign of Cas though. It's quiet out there, except he knows Cas is in his own room just down the hallway.
Cas narrows his eyes like he can't tell if that's the truth or not. Which privately thrills Dean because there's no way Cas can pry without looking like a douchebag.
Cas cuts in like a pro. "An inefficient one." When Amelia laughs at his expense, Sam smiles goofily at her. Frickin' lovebirds. Cas leans Dean's way and clarifies for his benefit. "This would explain the downstairs bathroom. Sam broke the sink."
Dean snorts and drops back into his seat across from him. There are still crumbs on the table because the two of them are a bunch of damn wild animals; he brushes at them absentmindedly, sending them to the unswept floor. Bobby huffs at the mess Dean's adding to while Dean mimics, low-voiced and grouchy, "
She thumps his shoulder again before bolting toward the cash register, but not before offering up some last second advice. "
"Figured," Dean agrees, trying to keep his growing affection for the weirdo in front of him at a manageable level.
"You don't get to be mad at me," Cas said straight away, and Dean had to tug the headphones out. He stared back blankly until Cas told him, "I'm angry with
"Hey, hey, hey," he grunts until Sam shuts up. "I do not. I'm surveying the land," he insists. "I'm scoping competition! And anyway, so what? I can't look out my damn store window now?"
"'Cause it's none of your damn business? He's a guy," Dean isn't proud of the way he struggles to get that word out casually, like Cas's gender matters, but he blows past it, overcompensating with sarcasm, "that I talk to sometimes. Big deal. You want me to skywrite it next time? Maybe jot it down in our super secret shared diary."
Cas gets off the bed and crosses over creaky floorboards to Dean. He's wearing fuzzy blue socks Dean's told him a million times before make him look like a dweeb, but Dean might also be wearing the matching green pair Cas gave him for his birthday, so.
Cas seems torn between ducking away from Dean's expectant gaze and Sam's pleading one, and his answer, when it comes--a hesitantly admitted, "Somewhat"--only provokes Dean further.
"That you were sorry. Is that correct? That we got off on the wrong foot, that usually you're not as abrasive toward strangers--"
"But I know you," it says gleefully, hunched over. It keeps to the victims' sides almost territorially, guarding them both.
When he looks up again, Dean's scrubbing his hand over his mouth. He's angry, but it's mostly internal. Eventually he says, "Are you..." and the accusation goes unvoiced, but it's there all the same.
"Before you guys go, I, uh." He pulls his hands out of his pockets, both of them clenched into fists. He turns them over, opening them, and reveals a ring sitting in each palm.
With every single part of his body holding up a megaphone and screaming 'I TOLD YOU SO,' Dean rotates stiffly and stares at Cas.
Everyone's mingling when Sam comes up to his side, leaning into him. Dean's pouring himself a drink, easy on the ice. Sam says, "Hey, you okay?" because he's nothing if not tuned into Dean's emotions like he's charting his friggin' period or something.
Dean grabs her by the crook of her elbow before she can so much as finish the step she was pretending to take.
"Maybe," he answered, and the sloppy way he screwed off the bottle cap and tossed it in the general direction of the trash can made Dean aware of what he'd missed when Cas first came in, and that was that Cas was wasted.
It doesn't matter though -- none of this matters, the mantra of his freaking life -- and it's freeing to let this roll off of him when normally he would've held onto the anger. It feels good to not have to care for once.
"You're not 'fine,'" Cas says, and he finger-quotes it, the bastard actually finger-quotes it, holy shit, Dean is so in love with him, "but obviously you don't want to talk."
The guy squints at him, like maybe this is a joke and if he gives it a minute Dean'll reveal the punchline. It basically amounts to them staring silently at one another for a long, gut-wrenching moment.
He wonders if Gabriel's gay, too, or if the foam art was meant to be mocking. It wouldn't be the first time Dean got shit for being butch.
"Yeah, an emoticon, like a murderer. Oh--" She notices for the first time that Dean's not alone, and even though it was just the one night they met, she hauls Cas in for an overly friendly hug. "You brought Cas. I love Cas!"
Which was a lie, they both knew it, but it was also an out. A way for them to blow the whole thing off without any repercussions.
Dean chokes on his sip of beer, spilling it all over his lap. "Son of a," he curses, setting the bottle on the night stand.
Somehow Dean manages to not be swallowed up by the earth, using the time while his latte's being brewed to creep further towards the bookstore. He can't say he's ever spent much time in any, really, but it looks similar to what he would've guessed.
Dean wills himself the mental fortitude to keep going. “That’s not the point. I'm sayin', you sit this close, everyone'll think we're, you know.” Cas's stare let’s Dean know, no, he doesn’t in fact know. Dean somehow gets out, “
It might be hysteria, but Dean laughs. It's shaky with his nerves shot to hell, but it's pretty genuine. It feels like a close call. Like they actually got away with it. Holy crap, they're awesome.
"Alright." That's a sigh. Bobby picks his paper back up, shaking it out to straighten it, and flips right to the 'wanted' ads. After a second or two, he says, "Good as you are," and it's a dig, on purpose, "how about you go upstairs and clean your room?" He peers at Dean over the edge of the newspaper with a put-on smile. "I ask, only 'cause the maid ain't coming."
"Cut the crap, Dean," Sam says. He looks like he's trying to do mental meditation. Like he's counting to ten and channeling his inner-Yanni. "Look. Last night was, whatever. We fight all the time, it's nothing new." That unexpectedly drops Dean's mood. They don't fight all the time. They fight a lot, fine, but jesus christ, they're brothers. Brothers fight. "But I'm asking you for a favor here, and I need you to--" Sam steps in closer, dropping the defensive stance. He seems genuinely worried that Dean's going to continue being an asshole and is pleading now. "I need you to just go with me on something, okay?"
"And why would that bother me? You think you're the first person who's asked me to relocate elsewhere? Either you're incredibly naive, or somehow more arrogant than I already assumed."
Dean had caught himself staring, then told himself it was because a sleeping Cas never led to anything good, not in his experience. It had nothing to do with how defenseless Cas seemed sprawled like that, lifeless and lit up only by the faint glow of a desk lamp. Like he hadn't at one time been able to fuck with the laws of the universe, like he hadn't hurled Dean through space and time before, like he wasn't previously some cape-and-tights away from being a fully-equipped, souped up superhero. And now he was human, and yeah, Dean had gotten a glimpse or two of that before, but this seemed like the real deal in front of him. Not a half-powered being that could still squash him like a bug if he wanted to, and not some hippie, either, who'd been beaten up by life, but who Castiel might actually be beneath all that learned behavior, after all the angel was stripped away. Or forced away.
In a matter of an hour or so, they'll part and Cas will resume his life here. Already his mind is on the breakfast items that need to be thawed and set out, the gas pumps that must be turned on, the afternoon delivery of newspapers he will have to stock.
Cas picks up on Dean's cue and pays no mind to Sam, whose starting to get that huffy, my-brother-is-such-a-jerk look to him. He studies his own cards, then looks at Dean. "Two."
So far they've agreed that Game of Thrones is pretty cool, but where Dean's totally got a thing for Daenerys, Charlie's all about Sansa. Harry Potter is a dead discussion point because he refuses to admit out loud that he's seen the movies. He ain't even going there with the books. Mostly they dish on pop culture, but eventually conversation slides into more important, friendship-bonding things. The kind of stuff that really tells you about a person.
Cas lets him have that, though he does say, "Don't be an infant, your brother couldn't possibly hate you."
The whole thing happens too quickly for Castiel to mask his surprise at being brushed off so spectacularly.
"Alright, alright," Dean groans, closing his eyes against the onslaught of touchy-feely emotions trying to smother him right now. "Put it in a poem or something, geez."
He hadn't paused it when the first text came in, so he's missed a scene or two here typing, but on his laptop, perched as its name suggests right on his lap (and probably nuking his little guys, but, hey, not like he'll ever have kids anyway) some shit is about to go down. He's only on the third season but Charlie's been known to bust out a spoiler whenever she hasn't been paid enough attention to.
, Dean. Even if I believed I--" He let out a hard breath and dropped that line of thought in a surrendering, white-flag way that hooked into Dean's own thoughts, making something poke, unwanted, in his head. "I
Right. Awkward. It's not like Dean's got himself a super special secret here, and it's only Sam who can know, but. Again, there's a weirdness in his chest when he looks at this Cas. That damn photo on the fridge isn't helping. It's making him really, really aware of some things inside his head he's been pretty good so far at keeping a lid on, things that Purgatory kind of blew wide open for him.
"Frells yes I did! That's how a lady makes it in the world. Slap it and tap it," she demands of Cas, looking for that high-five Dean denied her earlier.
Finally, fuck it. That's the thought that bursts through his head. Fuck it. He thinks it as he kills the engine, as he climbs out of his car. Again as he treads as quietly as possible up the familiar paved driveway that leads to Cas'.
As Cas stalks off, probably straight into a nest of leviathans with the way their luck's been running, Dean watches him go, something dropping painfully in his gut.
"Hey, look at you though. Up and at 'em! Sorta," Dean hastily tacks on, because Cas is looking wobbly.
“No, but.” There’s a leatherbound book on the side table beside the bed. Cas stares pointedly at it.
Charlie's still peppy as she locks the store doors and switches off the overhead music that'd been constantly reaffirming his afternoon of hell with Bee Gees and Billy Joel, turning on, instead, the beginning of a familiar soundtrack to rock out to while she starts counting out the change in the drawer.
They didn't talk about the kiss, or the bed-sharing of the night before that prompted Dean's brain to wander down some pretty messed up roads. Instead, it was as if none of it had ever happened.
"It's boring as hell, and -- hey." He makes Sam meet his eyes. "My men are shriveling," he hisses pointedly.
Which means he's defensive right away, a stiffness to his body language that FYIs he's going to bail the second this nosedives into touchy-feely territory. "What about him?" That's gruff too, just in case Sam needs a verbal warning as well.
Stupidly, Dean's stomach does a cartwheel, worry kicking for the surface in place of amusement. This is a well-walked path between him and Sam and sometimes—all the time—Dean frets over possible backslides.
Which is the whole point. Dean makes himself focus. He says, “We’re together, me ‘n him,” and feels like his heart might beat out of his chest, now that that’s out there.
There was a time, not too long ago, when Cas was himself still. Not Steve, or Clarence, or any other identity humanity has forced him into. He could've flown, with no destination in mind, but now he is grounded and useless and dependent on Dean to drive him.
Dean's going through the books one more time, just in case, but Sam is a welcome distraction. Dean gets up and follows him to the backyard.
What the hell does that even mean? He checks his outgoing phone calls. There's one to Lisa that she must've picked up and then, later, three more she didn't.
With his conscience pestering him to write back and his bladder urging him to hurry it the fuck up, Dean sends off something quick to Castiel before he can secondguess himself.
"Just a sec," Dean tells him, crouching down to root around in his duffel near Cas's feet until he finds what he's looking for. His expression when he pulls out a rolled up ball of gauze is victorious. "Knew I had this somewhere. Alright."
Dean flat-out refuses to acknowledge that the encouragement has left Cas's squint, replaced only with confusion, and some judgment.
Speaking of. Sam's leaning across the table to try and read Dean's phone. Dean shields it one-handed and pushes at Sam's forehead with the other until Sam lets up.
Sam beats him to it--with a knowing grin, he thrusts a cup of already poured orange juice in front of his face, sudsy hand and all.
He collapses onto the bed with a lack of self-consciousness that comes from a lifetime of being comfortable in his own skin, sitting up to swipe his pizza and beer. Through a mouthful of a first bite, he raises a shoulder Cas's way and tells him, "Eat."
"I can't," Cas says, thrusting shallowly like he's trying not to move except he really can't help it.
Sensing her sole participation, Lisa pulled away. "The usual not doing it for you today, huh? Guess I'll have to improvise," she said, and she started to tug out of her jeans, but Dean stopped her.
"Dude, gimme a break, it's a friggin' bell, not your Myspace profile. And I was joking. Not like I'd expect you to remove the stick outta your ass long enough to notice."
Beside him, Sam tells him, "Knock it off," except his face is doing that sketchy thing that usually precedes a 'let's talk about our feelings' chat.
"I'm fine." He taps through Sam's laptop to prove it. He really does have a whole shitty list of songs to run to. What an embarrassment.
Once she’s booking it back towards the kitchen, Dean levels Cas with a scowl. “Really? Think you can dial your whole 'never leaves the basement' serial killer vibe down some?” Cas’s eyes flit back and forth between Dean's own, which tells Dean that Cas is taking his words literally and is probably wondering how the hell a basement fits in. Dean closes his eyes briefly against the headache to come. He orders, “
He had to duck away from Cas's stare and busy himself at the stove again. Still, he was listening when Cas said, "You meant mouth-to-mouth, not the Heimlich."
Offering up a smile that boasts of allyship, she nods and takes back off, humming softly to herself.
Dean watches with a wry fascination. He's also a little put off by the fact that he's not the man of his own damn house, his brother is, but mostly he's struck feeling again like he's face-planted inside some topsy-turvy la-la land, where every day is opposite day.
They're fucked up, but they're fucked up together, and maybe that's the problem. Because they're both 18 now and Cas is going off to college and Dean's. Well, Dean's probably headed for a fun future of 'would you like fries with that?' and sometimes it scares him so much he thinks about running away too. Like their dads.
"Right," Cas says eventually, glancing at Sam's retreating back in understanding before stiffly adding, "Nice to meet you."
It's in the back of Dean's throat to laugh that off, to defend his strapping heterosexuality, but: the dumb stupid case.
The next day, Dean gets to work ten minutes late. Which is maybe not the most professional thing ever day two of a brand new job, but Sam's shitty little hybrid-mobile crapped out on him so Dean, awesome older brother that he is, elected to taxi the kid to school.
Not to expose his every depraved fantasy, but when Dean's doing this himself, thinking of some Busty Asian Beauties spread or, as is often the case as of late, Cas, he goes at it hard. Not enough to chafe, but a little pain with his pleasure always seems to drag him towards the edge a lot faster, and somewhere between the first time they did this and now, Cas has picked up on that.
"You have rebelled," she says, with a slow, predatory lilt, "you have lost faith, and you have slaughtered. This is where you belong. It is here you will find redemption. That peace you so crave. So," she concludes much more pleasantly. She winds up in front of Dean and Castiel both, pitying them. "Now we say goodbye to Mr. Winchester. You will live life fully," she tells Dean. "You will live heroically. And you will do so knowing you spared Castiel of an unworthy fate."
Placating, Sam says, "We already got played this same way before. Remember? We could be walking into another trap."
There are some things Dean just doesn't want to know. Hell, there are things he shouldn't know. How exactly Cas fell, what it took to make that happen; Dean is drawing a line at that.
Cas' eyes drop back down to his menu. He stands it open and upright on the table, so it's partially shielding him, this makeshift tower or shelter or whatever Cas is going for. There's a heavy, dragged out beat, and then Cas asks, still not looking at him, "Do you? Want her?"
Cas gives him another one of those 'your words are not human words' stares that Dean feels sucked into like it holds some sort of cosmic, black hole power. "Still. I never brought it up only because you never brought it up, and while I know now that's because you were unaware, at the time it seemed intentional. And after meeting Gabriel, I can't say I blame you."
Ignorance has always been his strong suit, but calling-Dean's-bullshit has also been Sam's, so the pitying look he receives is as expected as it is unappreciated.
"I see." There's something scary about the toneless way Cas says that. Probably because it's followed with a stare so stone cold, Dean's second guessing himself.
That shuts Dean up fast. He barely processed what Cas said to him when it was happening, but even after, he didn't let his mind wander, didn't want to wonder if Cas meant it the same way a normal person would've. It wouldn't have gotten him anywhere but the bottom of a bottle. Well, more bottles.
Moments later, Sam slips out of sight, though there's a crashing sound a couple of seconds after that, which means Frankenmoose is knocking over furniture.
"Would you knock it off? We're talking about Cas, here. He's my best friend, so, yeah, I got his back. It's what friends do."
"Yeah, Bobby mentioned," Dean says distractedly, with Sam overwhelmingly pulling at him, yanking him towards someplace else.
"Seriously," Sam says, slow and some ten kinds of freaked, "what the hell is wrong with you right now?"
Sam makes another face -- this one is all exasperation and irritation. Sue a guy for being proud of his brother, especially if it means he might actually be getting laid for the first time in his twenty-two years of life.
And then Dean storms out of his own house. He gets in his car and gets her engine growling, peeling out of there fast enough that her tires slip over the gravel, but he straightens her out almost as soon as she starts skidding and sets off with no idea where he's going.
He gave up the pointless search for an empty chair and turned around, right on Cas. They wound up pretty damn close, their elbows tangling briefly before Dean broke away to poke Cas in the chest.
Dean snorts out something close to amusement. Good to know his carefully crafted cover of detachment isn't fooling anyone.
Dean winds a hand up Cas's back until he's cradling his head, then the side of his face, and he pulls back just to look at him. He doesn't have to quiet any nagging voice whispering he doesn't deserve this, that he can't have it.
Benny smiles, nice and slow. Dean ignores what he sees there. “No use standin' around. We might as well keep movin’.”
Dean side-eyes the taxidermied marine life on the wall as he comes up to the front desk. He feels Cas scoot up close beside him.
There isn't a lot of furniture -- bachelor chic or they're dirt poor, who knows -- but there are stacks of things all over the place. Records and books and magazines, they're everywhere, like they quit the hunting business for hoarding. They're piled up in the corners of rooms, at the edges of end tables. Wedged in between shelves. He recognizes enough covers to know it's his mess as much as Cas', but that's only adds to the nagging sense of not-quite-normal.
look. Which was nuts, Dean was rosy fresh, if wiping himself down with a fabric softener sheet counts.
Dean gets gas at a Texaco down the street and smiles at a pretty woman over the top of the Impala. She grins back some, flirty about it, and Dean almost doesn't even care she's driving some shiny, Jetsons-looking hybrid dickmobile.
A woman in an apron sets menus down in front of them. "What can I get you boys to drink?" she asks, sliding coasters their way. She's older, husky in a been-working-since-I-could-talk kind of way, but her hair, pulled back in a bun on top of her head, is its natural shade of brown, not a lick of gray in it.
Back in the car, Cas pulls his buzzing phone out of a pocket. Dean looks over as he answers. “Sam. Hello—yes, we just—there was a book—we burned—yes—oh—” Cas's eyes flit over to Dean’s and stay. “—of course—I’ll tell him. Goodbye.”
By this point, he's so starved for something resembling normalcy, he overcompensates with affection.
"We met five years ago," Cas adds, and Dean swings his head around right away and gawks at him because what the ever lovin' hell. Overshare. That is overshare. More than Dean's, even.
Dean drops away from Cas the second he hears the knob click. “The hell are you thinking?!” he whisper-yells, barely able to get out the words, “’Intercourse reasons'?! That’s what you come up with?
--before glaring at Charlie and dragging her away from the entrance, which is tough because the place is packed.
"Stop," Cas tells him. He's got some actual command radiating throughout his voice, and it's the first time since Dean got here really that he's sounded like something other than some Stepford Bitchbot. "I can see you tormenting yourself, so stop."
He hovers near her, staying close through the removal of her coat, and she eyes him like this is as exactly as creepy as he knows it is while unwinding her scarf.
Dean latches onto that -- he's just going to admit it here -- so pathetically, he might as well be recording the moment to report later in his diary. Still, he scoffs. "Whatever."
Hank looks to see if Cas is following along. He is. Dean understands Cas well enough to know that the intense, loaded stare he's watching with isn't some declaration of epic devotion, Cas just hasn't learned the art of tact. Hank isn't as fluent in Cas' facial expressions. He seems to take it to mean Cas is spellbound by his every word. And those words, when they happen again, get more throaty, more boastful. "You know, we weren't real close. The dude always kicked over my 'mingos."
Sam frowns the frown that's supposed to let Dean know he's being a dick. "Ha. Funny," he says, rolling it out sarcastically.
Ellen yells back, "I look like a walking appointment book to you? You better watch that answer, Dean Winchester!" she adds just as Dean's opening his mouth to get snarky.
Dean felt his own self-worth take a dive. His voice, when he answered, was rough and shaky like it was him asking for forgiveness here. "Don't be stupid."
Sam shakes him off with a bratty roll of his shoulders. Dean does a fairly good job of pretending that doesn't sting like hell.
It laughs, holding Dean's arm so he can't do anything about it. Its other hand comes up and wraps cold, bony fingers around Dean's throat.
"Who... two?" Dean shifts his face just enough to imply Cas is in a relationship with his right hand. Well, the current occupant of said right hand anyway. "Oh. The coffee and myself. Because I..."
Bobby comes stepping into the room, one menacing footfall after the other. "Do I look like I'm in the mood to be b.s.'ed with? You better come up with a better answer than that."
The first words out of Sam's mouth once Dean's super awesome, super failproof plan is revealed aren't ones of encouragement or, say, a quiet but no less profound awe.
He put the phone back to his ear in time to hear Sam ask, "Is this about that voicemail you left me?"
"We're horny," Dean tells Cas like that is the only reason this is happening. It probably wouldn't hold up in a courtroom, but it's solid enough for Dean.
"You're here," he says, concern clear as day in his tone and how he's staring at Dean like Dean is a rubber band about to snap. "Why?" Dean wonders how he mistook him for his Cas in the first place, because this guy, there's something off with his voice. It doesn't have that same gravel to it, like everything Cas says, dude's saying it like he's in a one-sided pissing contest. This Cas sounds more like the sorry bastard Castiel possessed in the first place.
Dean stiffens his gaze. In the lull, the truth comes nice and easy. “The dude pulled me outta Hell. Okay? I made a deal, got myself a pair of Hellhounds the one-year anniversary. Died. And Cas…” Dean clears the emotion out of his throat. “Cas saved my ass. He brought me back.”
Panic. Or the first, up close inspection of something Dean's been pretty good at repressing so far, maybe.
Cas moves past purposely close to Dean, with a clap to his shoulder that is patronizing but also full of meaning. Dean leans into it for a second, then bats Cas away when it turns into teasing at his expense.
He steps in between Cas' parted legs with his heart still knocking against his ribcage. Cas stops touching himself and braces, instead, his hands on either side of the bed, leaning back so he can keep up the eye contact. Dean's seen Cas in the middle of some highly energized, intense situations, but the way he's looking now, the way he's looking at Dean, makes those moments seem downright casual by comparison.
He walks into Cas, making Cas stumble back, though he's coordinated about it. And mostly sober, the bastard. He gives Dean a look like he knows Dean's drunker than he thinks he is, but when Dean keeps that contact going, it softens into curiosity. Then it's confusion, because then Dean's actively pushing at Cas until Cas' back hits the refrigerator with an actual, reverberating thump. The thing shakes noisily, its contents rattling. From the sound of it, they are now down one jug of milk.
"More like Katherine Heigl rom-com," he tries to sneak in under his breath, "but, yeah, Dean, he likes you."
Dean ignores Jo's smug look, which is a Herculean effort considering she gets right in his face with it. "Agreed. Good thing Jo's more man than--"
"Dean, you're drooling," Sam drawls in what is pretty much the vocal equivalent of an eye roll. Also, jealousy.
"Yeah," he hears himself say, and it's like he's drugged, the way his mouth forms the words but he doesn't fully register them until a few seconds later. Everything feels foggy, delayed.
Dean snorts and, swear to god, flushes at the same time, the tips of his ears going Rudolph red. Cas drops that sort of thing so casually, like it isn't awkward for him at all, which reinforces the balls-of-steel thing, but it also confuses all the little men inside Dean's brain that have marched on a straight, forward path his entire life. They scatter for a few seconds before regrouping and falling back in line.
Standing near enough for their legs to touch, which emits a small line of heat, Dean bends slightly at the waist and starts rolling Cas's sleeve up. He's careful about it, like Cas is vulnerable in some way, and the rage that swells instantly upon realization almost causes Cas to react. But it's not pity here. Dean most likely doesn't assume he's weak simply because he's hurt. It's attentiveness because Dean is concerned, and that is almost harder to handle.
After the date that was, unfortunately, a babysitting job, but, fortunately, also not a reaper intent on killing Cas, Dean is still there and wondering, "Where to?"
"You prayed to Cas back then?" Sam asks like he had no clue. Dean gives him a look that says 'not the point' and Sam moves on. "I used to think all it'd take was a home, and a little stability, and someone you loved, and you'd, I don't know. Let all that weight you carry around go."
On any other person, it'd look like Dean's been sulking the past ten minutes. Screw that, though, Dean's just been reflecting. In a manly, solitary way. That he feels like shit is only a coincidence.
Sam comes fully dressed out of the shower in the same clothes he was wearing when he went in, running a towel through his wet hair.
Sales mode activated, the woman says, “My name's JoAnne,” and then leaps right into her real estate shtick. She starts telling them about vaulted ceilings and how long the property's been on the market, what the neighborhood is like.
"Cas," he says, but he stops short when it turns into a croak. Real manly, asshole. He swipes his hand down his eyes and winds up pressing his fingers into the bridge of his nose. His heart is thumping like a beat up dryer, wild and out of control, which is stupid. It's stupid.
Big brother mode activated, Dean helps Sam lay back down, untucking a blanket off the back of the couch to cover him up with.
His heart is still thrumming wild, but Cas forces himself outwardly calm. This is Dean. He's not alone. No one is attacking him. These are good reminders. He makes eye contact with Dean, who looks ready to approach with his concern, but Cas straightens. "Can I shower?"
'Inadvertently appeared to be an ambush'--okie-doke, Professor Fancypants, who even talks like that? Who uses air quotes? It's this side of endearing.
“Seriously. She was testin' things out the first time, makin' sure you weren’t a serial killer—you got them vibes sometimes—"
"Apologies," Cas says, not sounding very sorry at all. Dean feels a tug at his coat sleeve and then Cas starts leading him towards one of the rooms that splits off from the hallway, back near the front of the house.
Dean rakes a hand down his eyes and tells Cas, "Awesome. I am one-hundred percent awesome here. You?"
The vice around Dean's chest loosens up some. It's like instant-relaxation, having her here. Already he can feel himself becoming a person again.
Cas is his friend. His very good friend who he already has very confusing feelings about, but still. Cas does not need to wake up with Dean's boner poking the palm of his hand.
JoAnne catches Dean craning his neck looking for any signs of an attic. She brags, “Popcorn ceiling. It’s vintage.”
"Dean..." Cas looks and sounds absolutely destroyed. Like he's being betrayed, like he thought Dean was right there with him and now he's being left hung to dry.
Except Cas is moving for Sam. "If Dean and I wear these, people will assume we're sworn to one another, romantically?"
Dean tries to look beyond the chest full of boobs to meet Cas's eyes and gloat. He knew he could friggin' get him laid. And he didn’t even have to do anything but waggle his eyebrows a little.
is what it says beneath the photo of a pissed off-looking, white-haired woman. "Lady found dead in her bedroom. No signs of forced entry, no suicide note, no next of kin." Then the second. This one says
You know what, whatever. Now that it's done and out of his hands, he can move on. Which, after unmuting Star Trek and gulping down the rest of his sweet, sweet room temperature beer, he is definitely doing. Right after he checks to see if his text's been read or not.
There are only ten, fifteen people in the whole joint, and it stays that way all night, making this one, too, a bust.
"Give me your eight, Dean," Cas is demanding, and not for the first time either. "I know you have one."
Dean snorts. That's the self-righteous pledge of someone who's yet to discover the fun of bars, women, and the mixing of the two.
There are a few more sloppy thrusts on Cas' part that don't do anything special for Dean, but when he gets it just right, it's like the Christmas morning of awesome sex. It zaps Dean's bones and makes every nerve ending in his body go crispy, but goddamn, it's the best feeling in the world, especially because Cas has finally lost himself in his own happy place as well.
"Rise and shine, sleepin' beauty," he says, rough-sounding from so many hours of non-use but still obnoxious and chirpy.
Tumbleweeds don't actually blow past, but the yard outside is dusty in some parts and covered in yellowing grass from too much sun in others. There's a wooden fence that separates them from the neighbors. Except for the fact that the house is painted a god awful orange color, and only in the front, everything about it, from the mailbox to the patch of weeds, is normal. Boring.
"Hey." Dean smiles at him to cap off the exchange, turning away just in case the 'bye' wasn't obvious enough, but the guy just moves in a little closer. Because it's loud in here.
"Not if you like your teeth to vibrate. Gabriel is of course sulking because I told him not to put it on the menu."
"Ha," Sam says, smiling, but it's small and terse and gone the next second. "I'm serious, though. Like, I look at you and. And I want to be
Cas was tilting his head at Dean. That muscle had stopped twitching, but that just meant Dean was getting the full brunt of Cas' intent gaze he had no trouble laying into him.
So Dean had bristled. He'd shuffled the bag of fresh fruit he'd had in his right arm to his left arm and jiggled the key anew. The damn thing was always getting stuck. It wasn't the first time Dean considered breaking-and-entering into his own place of business.
Dean has always prided himself on his sexual prowess, but, turns out, Cas is the perv. It was him, anyway, that initiated the front seat groping, which is so freaking cliche of them, and Dean would feel more embarrassed about that if Cas wasn't wriggling his fingers down the front of Dean's pants, finding his hardening dick and jerking him off just as soon as he touches it.
Which shut Dean up, and now he's mother henning Cas, hunkered down in a beat up chair he pulled to the side of Cas' bed. The projectile vomiting phase ended more than a few hours ago, but any time Cas moans and rolls around, Dean's stomach pitches upwards, anticipating another round of 'try not to get spewed on.' There are just some bodily fluids that aren't meant to be shared between two people, okay.
By the time he makes it back to his table, some ten minutes and one 'get your shit together, asshat' pep talk later, the old lady is gone and he's forgotten to be annoyed with Sam because now his brain has something else to be preoccupied with. Doesn't mean that distraction is mutual; when his brother spots him, his eyebrows leap to his hairline, and considering the mane on him, that's quite the jump.
Dean frowns at the overly cheerful whatever that was, glancing down automatically for a name tag. Gabriel. Ahh. Okay. The brother. When he looks up again, Gabriel bounces his eyebrows at him.
Dean got the job on a Tuesday (and regretted it come Wednesday.) By the time Friday rolls around he's starved for recreational time, turned into a worker bee by his own backfiring intentions when all he really wants is to be the fat, lazy slob bee all the other worker bees deliver beer and beef jerky to.
"We agreed," Dean snaps at his brother, in full-on stern-voice, "no egg nog anything! It sullies the menu! We're men here, dammit."
"It shouldn't matter what people think, period, Cas." Sam should pay him for that one. "Man, I don't know. It's lying and acting--"
Except. Cas pulled back from where he was comfortably pressed against Dean's side, a new tension in the way he was staring.
Dean dragged his hand down his face until his fingers pressed against the bridge of his nose. He kept them there a second before exhaling loudly and dropping that hand back down.
He doesn't panic. He does, however, crouch a little, not wanting to get caught looking like some neighborhood perv, and hiss out, "Cas!" again.
When they eat breakfast later, Cas automatically sets aside his cantaloupe with such a fond smile at Dean, Dean's freakout over how domestic it all is has zero time to form.
Jo snorts, then shrugs. "I don't know. While ago? Hey, mom!" she calls when they both hear scuffling in the back office. "How long ago'd Sam leave? Dean wants to know," she says, playful lilt and all, the running joke there that Dean's a mother hen. Ha. And, whatever.
There's an old marina overlooking a huge ass lake, the boat ramps and docks stained by the weather. The water laps against them slowly, peacefully.
Sam blows out a breath. His stare, locked on Dean, isn't even a little bit amused. "You ever think maybe it's supposed to be this way?" Again he has to cut Dean off, who can't believe he's hearing this right. "Look, all I'm saying is that for the first time in forever... I don't know, I feel like I have my brother back."
Bobby's sitting at the table with a plate of toast and the newspaper in front of him. He suffers through five minutes of Dean's attitude before kicking out the chair opposite him, his demand clear.
Sam just shrugs and keeps kicking at the table. He's been going through a defiant phase where he doesn't want to listen to Dean because apparently Dean tries 'way too hard to be just like dad,' but sometimes, like now, he resembles the same goofy-haired weirdo he's always been and even though he's a pain in the ass, it makes Dean happy.
It's hard to see when they creep forward again. The only light coming in is from the windows, but most of them are boarded up or have tarps covering them. There's also exposed pipes and cobweb covered air conditioner shafts that make a maze out of the place.
Cas holds Dean's gaze for a long couple of beats, hard as that even is for Dean, he of the longstanding '
Dean tries to kick the door shut behind him, which jostles the hutch, which makes him swear. Dumb thing is so big, he can barely see past it.
Dean's casually thumbing through Slaughterhouse-Five for the half-dozenth time when his phone goes off. Tolk’s out of her hutch and at his side. On the bed and everything. He strokes her back while she loafs in contentment.
As quickly as it had taken hold, the animosity he felt so strongly only minutes ago has retreated. Except, in its wake Cas is empty once more, that numbness seeping in. So he takes a step back. And another. Dean's hand falls off his shoulder, leaving it colder than it was before. "I should go."
Sam rolls his eyes and tries to grab the beer again, but Dean uses the advantage of his height to hold it away from him.
"Cardstock," Charlie drones on importantly, addressing a wall of paper. It's where he finds out what vellum is, at least.
Cas says, "Dean," thickly, stopping, with his hand still down Dean's pants, just long enough to unzip himself. Then he's getting to his knees, arranging himself so he's masturbating over Dean's splayed thigh while he starts working on Dean again and, holy christ, men with stronger willpower have been done in by less.
Sam's eyes are almost pitying -- that, or they're trying to mollycoddle him by sheer power of gaze alone -- and it's enough to make Dean feel hot all over, like his skin's too tight all of a sudden. "I don't know, Dean," he says, the same way most everyone else just comes right out and says
"Seriously," Amelia says to Cas. "He looks different, right?" Dean throws on a winning smile for show, but Amelia sees right through it. "It's like he's happy or something."
"Fine," Sam relents. Victory swells through Dean, but only for a second because, all of a sudden, Sam's looking shady. "Prove it."
"I'm at the library," Sam insists—lowly, like he's cupping the receiver and hissing into it, lest he's overheard.
The bed shifts again and Dean's stomach, dumb thing that it is, flips over, this anxious flutter. He has to swallow past a sudden dryness in his throat, aware that his dick is starting to pay attention to the things his brain is telling him Cas is doing. And while he knows there's no way Cas is over there jerking off, try telling that to the mush in Dean's head.
"Is Sam okay? Is it a girl? Did Sam get a girlfriend? Crap, Doctor Sexy didn't go on hiatus again, did it? I've never seen a grown man wallow like that."
Dean expels a breath and drags himself back into a sitting position. "Yay," he mutters, rubbing a hand across his eyes.
"Hangover from hell?" Dean clarifies. He breaks open the package of ground beef and starts forming it into patty shapes. Sam nods, swallowing at the smell of raw meat. "Guess you get used to it."
"Yes," is all Cas says. Dean feels a second tug at his jacket and then a weight in his pocket. His phone being dropped back where Cas got it.
Dean grabs his wallet and finds a twenty. He stashes that in the front pocket of Sam's suit jacket with a pat, smoothing out the wrinkled lapels. "God help me, but you might have a shot here. Ask her to dance, ya mook. And she says no? Grab your balls off the floor and call a cab."
That was said slowly enough that Sam had to know Dean was just placating him. Didn't stop the big nerd from carrying on obliviously.
Except as soon as he gets a good look at him, that relief dries up on the spot, replaced with an overwhelming dread once more. The Cas easing down the porch steps looks like his Cas, sure. If his Cas was some poor, domestic schmuck. He doesn't have the coat on, or the looney bin scrubs, and is dressed instead like one of those all-American douches you'd find puttering around in their open garage, wife smoking up hamburgers on a grill around the corner.
Days eight through eleven are more of the same, except Cas seems to have leashed his weirdoness. He arrives, orders, talks the weather with Sam, makes awkward eye contact with Dean, then leaves.
Dean takes a selfie with the crowded food court in the background, making sure to look as grumpy and curmudgeonly as possible, and sends it to Castiel before he can talk himself out of it.
Good enough. You can't call a person out on that, it could mean literally anything. 'I'm taking a shit.' 'Now's really not a good time, there's someone else's hand on my dick.' 'Leave me alone, this is a fight.' Literally anything, right, except Dean's phone goes off again just a few seconds later.
"You're in a seriously rare good mood," Amelia tells him. It might be the exact wrong thing to say; Sam suddenly zips up and Cas grows serious too. You know, moreso than usual. "Oh no," she says, realizing. "Damn. Crap, I just called out the elephant in the room, didn't I? I actually called it out."
Like he's lured him in, he flashes Dean a smile, predatory and coy all at once. "Oh, you know. Hates bars, but here, so. You're obviously a good friend. Not to mention, king of the karaoke."
"So now I'm stupid." Dean gets to his elbows but Cas doesn't back away. "Personal space," he barks, which has been his go-to since he learned what the phrase meant.
In high school, Cas was picked on because a couple of asshats decided his quiet demeanor and lack of a girlfriend meant he was gay. That was before he became buddies with Dean, anyway. Power of association soon deflected the bullying elsewhere, but it was an accusation that still followed Cas around, even though Dean was pretty sure the guy was as straight as he was.
Not bothering to knock or get permission first, Dean pushed his way into Cas' bedroom. Cas was at his desk, his laptop lit up in front of him.
Call him slow on the uptake, but Cas in the morning had always been churlish and grumpy, so how was Dean to know the weeklong silent treatment was intentional? Or that Cas' disappearing act whenever Dean got off of work wasn't because the dude just got suddenly busy?
"Love those beaches," Dean says by way of (awkward) greeting. Cas coughs at his expense, and the girl looks up.
Dean swings his legs off the bed, into a sitting position. It's super fucking nuts to feel anxious about a text message from a dude who mistook you for a guy who might want to possibly eventually fuck, right? There's no reason for it. That's a compliment.
There must be some part of him that thrives on chaos, because adding booze to what already feels like a very thin line they're toeing here? They might as well be staring at it from space for how much it keeps dwindling.
It's selfish as hell but Dean's brain skips straight to his own daddy issues. It's been half as long since him or Sam have had more than a 10-minute phone call with their own dad, but at least they hear from him, even if he's usually only ringing them up like they're some kind of tri-monthly obligation he belatedly remembers about. The asshole.
Instead, all that happens, though, is that Cas reaches an office in the far back. He seems surprised that Dean hasn't followed him, so, you know, things are starting off awesomely.
Cas is openly appraising Dean like this is some kind of trick. Eventually he reaches the conclusion that, even if it is, he still has his manners. "Hello, Dean."
It's nice, whatever this is. Lunch, or reuniting, whatever the hell's going on. But, work beckons. And if he's bailing before things have time to crash and burn, well, no one can prove it. He makes a grab for their empty wrappers.
There goes that guilt slamming into him all over again. He feels weighed down with it, feels it down to his bones, and wonders if he’ll ever catch a break here. If it was anyone else but Sam's life on the line,
"MOM," Jo shouts over him. Ellen's shaking her head and retreating back into the other room, wanting nothing to do with them now that the bickering's started. "You know," Jo says once she's gone, a little bit of mischief to it, "it doesn't surprise me you got all them incest sites bookmarked, how close you and Sam are--"
"Oh my god." She smacks him across the shoulder, suddenly vicious. "Why didn't you tell me? That's what the other half of our epic BFF heart-charm is for, you jerk."
this all is. Diners and good ol' Americana. Seriously. If this is some kind of karmic punishment, or a parallel universe, it's a fucked up one.
"Or you could just grunt and swing your club around," she says, but she does listen, slicing up some potatoes. "Because you're a caveman and I find your avoidance barbaric," she clarifies.
"Thank you," he said back stiffly in his 'I don't trust strangers' voice. He was like half a second away from turning prickly, which was pretty much his default in social situations, so Dean intervened before things spiraled into awkwardsville.
"Cas," he breathes, rushing him before Cas has time to brace for the hug Dean full-body tackles him with. They rock from the force of it, and at first Cas grips back just to steady himself, only it turns fast into a relieved, desperate hold, his fists clenching Dean's coat.
Sam must catch the tone -- that, and the way Dean's staring like fratricide is a thing he's willing to be jailed for.
"What'd I miss?" Cas asks, glancing back and forth between the two of them. The guy's not an idiot. Socially retarded by almost all counts, sure. But it ain't like Sam's being subtle over there, all but drawing hearts into the table like a pre-teen.
Cas, speaking of, is nearby, and Sam's hovering in a shady way. Dean writes it off as paranoia--seriously, ever since he agreed to act his part in the hunt, Sam has been casting him and Cas mushy looks like they'd fessed up to a real, actual love--and moves to the driver's side.
Dean pulls back, clapping Cas on the shoulder. His hand stays clasped there and he attempts to smile, though his eyes are watery. He clears his throat to cover that up. "If things were different," he starts, but he trails off because there's no point in wondering what if.
“Could you not? Ever?” He attempts to wince himself into some self-control. “Look, I’m not having that conversation with you. Because I refuse. But--I got a bubble, you’re inside it, uninvited, and I'mma need you to stop askin' questions and start vamoosing.”
Cas, FYI, hit puberty a full eight months before Dean, and though he's since developed a deep, manly voice of his own, Cas has been sounding like he garbles glass since he was fourteen. Somehow, Cas sounds throatier than usual now, as low and gravelly as Dean's ever heard him. When he says, "
Sam shoots Dean a helpless look, and for a moment Dean only stares back and wonders what the hell he's supposed to do here that Sam can't do himself. Sam's gaze hardens.
Cas lolled his head against the cushion behind him. There was a soft thud when he hit the wall instead.
agitation from taking over. He scrubs his own hand over his mouth and tries to get a grip here. "We'll, I don't know. We'll figure it out. We'll dig out some books, we'll use the computer--"
"Technically," Amelia says, smacking at his hand when Dean gets too close to the pie cooling on their kitchen table, "I brought pie for everyone. This is communal pie."
For weeks—months, really—Bobby's been pestering Dean to work for him out of the auto repair shop he runs from his house. Which is basically a glorified salvage yard, one Dean spent most of his formative years running around, nose-deep inside the hood of cars when he wasn't pelting rocks at glass bottles or keeping an eye on Sam.
Cas looks concerned that Dean might be wallowing, which he's not, so he does his best to convince him he's fine. He arranges his face into whatever the equivalent of 'I wasn't thinking about having sex with you, jesus christ, Cas' is and repeats, "What?"
Eventually, with some quiet words of encouragement too soft for Dean to catch, Cas snags the thing and is able to gently pry it out.
Even so, Dean flushes, guilt creeping its way up his neck. Bobby's working late in the garage which means it's up to him to throw together spaghetti for dinner. "Don't be dumb."
Dean, still drowsy, rolled his hips forward in search of those lazy spikes of pleasure that came before consciousness fully took over. And then he burst into awakeness so suddenly, it made his stomach launch straight into his chest cavity. His pulse spiked wildly.
Wide-eyed and whipped, Sam follows after her. Along the way, he stops and says, "Oh. I invited Lisa," with a wide smile like he's done Dean a solid here, like this deserves actual praise, and then he's enlisting Jess as his new kitchen prep worker.
With a glance that lingers, she swishes her hair over her shoulder and heads for the kitchen, looking back only once to find Dean still staring. That makes her laugh, and her laugh makes Dean feel that thrill of victory sweep through him like a full-body adrenaline rush.
Dean stands taller, staring her down over the edge of his nose. "Yeah. So?" All Naomi does to respond is watch him, waiting.
Dean, who looks as if he's struggling with the weight of something big. "Cas," he says, and his voice breaks. They stare at one another for a long, dragged out moment, and then Dean is striding forward.
He's prepared to scoop up another handful of rocks to get Cas' attention again, but the front door creaks open from ten feet away and Dean's courage takes a swift, suicidal dive.
Cas gets out of this shitty-looking hybrid car, which just figures. Of course he'd drive the same sort of Go Green! car Sam has probably masturbated over.
That little curtain behind them rustles and Dean only just manages to not groan out loud when Castiel reveals himself on the other side.
"Since we met, I have come to know all new definitions of the word 'weird,'" Cas gives back sincerely, verbal air quotes and all.
Dean's still laughing to himself when the front door opens and closes, but it tapers off into a feeling of loneliness pretty quickly after. He remembers last night up until the point that Benny had to pry the karaoke mic out of his hands while threatening to unplug the machine. After, it's a whole lot of nothing.
If Cas notices the way Dean tenses and moves away, just a little, he doesn't say anything. He does say, "I thought so too, once. That I was lucky. And now..." He's looking at Dean, even though Dean keeps his head down, messing with the dipstick and checking on the oil. "I'm not so certain anymore. I have... doubts."
Cas starts for the passenger side, matching Dean stride for stride. He's watching Sam and Dean say their farewells quietly, with a respect for Dean's need to mother hen.
She eyes him like she's gauging his frustration level, sucking on the straw in her drink at the same time. "Fine," she decides eventually. "But don't think I'm not storing this moment away for future gloating."
"I'm batting zero here, I know, trust me, but. I'm serious. I'm good. Give me a shot. Please." And then, like it was beamed into his brain by God himself, he remembers, "Yeah, 'cause otherwise I was thinking of applying at Michaels," and he lets that hang there all pointed and loaded like it actually means something ominous. "'Cause, uh, I'm into all... that. Crafts, am I right?"
"But you're already so sweet," she said, eying his mouth hungrily. "Makes me wanna see how many licks it takes to get to the center of your cute little tootsie pop."
is going on here?" he barks, but Sam runs past him and stomps his way up the stairs. A second later, his door slams, so Bobby pins that wide-eyed stare on Dean.
From the other room, Sam makes this pathetic, guttural noise, like he's either just realizing how drunk he is, or he's about to spew pints worth of the cheap stuff all over their curtains.
Before, when he had wings, when he was a 'soulless son of a bitch' as Dean had called him, he studied Dean similarly, though it was mostly out of curiosity, for the sake of inventory. He built Dean himself from little more than grace and re-energized cells, so he wasn't interested in the placement of freckles that spotted Dean's nose or the patches of facial hair that grew in. Dean's mouth was another thing he had no prior interest in.
have to let go; and here he is again, wanting to cling even harder like the little bitch he really is.
Judith comes out with their food and everyone kind of unanimously agrees to drop the topic. Art goes back to his fries and the other guy keeps his eyes on a TV hanging on the wall that's playing sitcom reruns.
The room is still dark, and when Dean glances at the table behind him, the one he has to look over the lump that is Cas to even see, he learns it's only 4:12 in the morning.
Dean answers by surging forward until their mouths meet. It's a hell of a risk to take, and there's a loud part of Dean's brain that's already reeling back in protest like he's the one who's being kissed here by surprise, but Cas opens right up into it, just as eager.
Dean gets the TV on. He clicks through commercials and television shows Cas only just catches the premises of, though stories involving the supernatural tend to be prevalent, which Dean scoffs loudly at each time, before something captures Cas's attention.
Sam's eyes are scanning Dean's face while he works to make sense of everything. "But, how? Nothing about those last few minutes was
"That thirty dollars and a shove out the door would get me somewhere? Dean," he almost laughs. "Come on. Don't." Be stupid, he means to add, but even with his bitterness surfacing, it's impossible to be cruel. Not to Dean.
"Please tell me you hit that," she demands before he's so much as clocked back in or finished tying on his apron. There's an eagerness in her eyes that's genuinely alarming.
Cas's squint turns more damning. Probably he finds it blasphemous that Dean’s gonna pollute his liver so soon after he swore to give himself over to God and all the angels.
"Hey!" Sam shouts at them, calling from the kitchen. "Get your butts in here, we've got watermelon shots!"
He's already got her ready to go. She’s in the carrier, on his desk chair, nibbling away on some hay. They’ve said their goodbyes--he’s gonna miss the little rat.
The accusation is blunt enough, it takes Dean down a peg. Well, a couple pegs. Okay, he's got no pegs left. It leaves him blustering.
"Trust me, unless you're gonna tell me this guy was the spitting image of Tyrion Lannister complete with a hunky facial scar, I am all percent lesbian."
It's February and cold, so Dean vetoes outdoor explorations. They drive past the park, though, and Cas eyes the lake, and the trail around it, longingly.
Dean struggles to sit up so he can... whatever's a more manly word for 'flee,' but Cas won't let him.
Which, good thing? Bad thing? Dean considers the options in his mind. Just to cover his bases, he also thinks one last 'fuck it.'
Dean doesn't bother hiding his double-take. Ten to one, that's some sorta crazy-person alias. No one names their kid whatever the hell that was. Casteeyell.  God, if it's real, it at least explains why the dude's the way he is. Hard not to grow up a bastard with all the kid's picking on your weird ass creeper name.
Son of a bitch, there's no way, NO WAY, Cas is implying what it sure as fuck sounds like he's implying. The guy's in here with his friggin' tie worn backwards beneath his scarf, that sort of cluelessness can't go hand-in-hand with the porn now whizzing through Dean's head like someone logged him into bustyasianbeauties.com, only starring Cas and a collar and --
Dean's about to ask Cas to go ahead and take a seat, but Cas makes that decision himself and does it first. He sits down casually across from them, some mix between the too-stiff Castiel of yore and the drugged out Cas of Christmas future. "I'd say it was nice to see you, Dean, but then, I don't know which Dean I'd be saying it to."
Rescue Castiel from Purgatory and reunite him with the Winchesters, who will, by any force necessary, fail to close the gates of both Heaven and Hell.
"One king," she announces, handing both the credit card and room card over. "You guys are in 201." Suddenly a grin grows across her face. "Enjoy."
Dean spins away, scrubbing a hand over his mouth. A mental count to three later, he rounds back on Cas. "You're a friggin' twelve year old, you know that, right?
"Leave him alone, Sam. Dean's got himself a real meanie for a boss," Jo mocks, flicking a smile between them. "Don't you? Poor baby."
Sam rolls his eyes, but he huffs out a small laugh. "So," he says, after a beat. It's a beat that changes the tension in the room from tolerable to uncomfortable almost immediately. Sam's got his
"Cas is an eleven-year old girl," he snarked back automatically. Then her words registered. "Wait, he said we were fighting?"
"Hey, there's always tomorrow," he tells him with his right shoulder lifting in a small shrug. "Uh, you'll get 'em next time?" he offers right after, clearly at a loss for how to properly cheer Dean up without also setting him off.
"Cas," he calls under his breath, pitching it behind him where he expects Cas to be. All he knows is, they came through the portal. They landed here. Where ever the hell 'here' even is. It's time to motor.
Cas swallows, and Dean watches that bob of his throat, mimicking it unconsciously. It makes Castiel's eyes go narrow, like he's trying to figure out what the game is. Dean's staring at his mouth, so, you know, not real subtle here, and Cas, world's least sexually aware ex-angel, finally catches on.
Jess arrives first. Dean pretends to be distracted with the calorie count on the back of a bag of pita chips, but, please, he totally snoops as his brother reels her in for a hug and a peck on the cheek, which he goes for at the last minute after Jess has already started to pull away, making it one hot, uncoordinated mess. It's so awkward. Good god. His brother, ladies and gentlemen.
"Women?" Dean answers absently, tackling the plate with a crapload more determination. He is called Dean, tiny ecosystem. He is your new God and he will destroy you.
She kept her gaze locked coolly on Dean's before deciding, eventually, to play along. When she got up, she said, "Sure thing, baby," and came over to rub her face in Cas' hair. It had Dean pulling away with a glower, like being that close to her was an actual pain. Then again, watching Meg nuzzle Cas was legitimately pissing him off, even if Cas looked like he was getting felt up by a friggin' shark right now.
Yeah, at this point, anything he gets for Lisa is going to be considered a breakup gift, and he already picked out Sam's present ages ago.
Dean gives her a long, long stare of 'what the hell is wrong with you?' before crumbling under her long, long 'what, you know it's true' stare back.
Dean watched them long enough to notice Ellen had her eyes narrowed and lasered in on him like she was trying to suss the situation out, and it was a good reminder things could've been worse.
"So, hey, you look like you could use this, or not, whatever," and it's maybe the most awkwardly delivered run-on sentence of Dean's life, but he's committed thus far. There's no backing out. There's dying of embarrassment, sure, and right now that's looking like a less painful alternative to undergoing the scrutiny this guy's laying into him.
the toilet," he barks at Sam's retreating form, only because nagging his brother is as ingrained in him as breathing. Sam merely tilts forward and lets his momentum carry him towards the library and its non-comfy couch. Dean gets ignored.
"Uh, no," he coughs, offended, and for no good reason. Maybe it hits a little too close to home. The 'geek' label's always fit Sam better, anyway. He's the brains.
"I feel like a brand new guy, and, what's that? My dick's grown three sizes for Cas, and all 'cause you opened my eyes?"
Catching himself, he clears his throat and heads for the back to set up their second round of baked goods, but it's too late, Sam saw and has jumped to his own conclusions. Which, if the twinkly gleam in his eyes is anything to go by, is the assumption that Dean's still harboring a big gay crush on Scarf Guy.
"No one knows. We weren't going to tell anyone until we set a date. But we were excited about it, you know? We had this jar we were putting all our extra change in. We were going to save up for a cruise, because Jason... Jason always wanted..."
"Hey, Christine," Sam says, matching her smile with a sensitive one of his own. "How are you holding up?"
Sam, when he's not trying to wither Dean by power of glare alone, is silent and mopey and ignoring him, while Bobby on the other hand keeps giving Dean these pointed 'worked through your homosexual crisis yet?' stares that make him equal parts want to grab the nearest chick and make out with her just to prove that he still can, and wallow because, fine, missing Cas has become something of a full time job.
Cas dumps the gross towels in the hallway to be dealt with later and heads straight for the bathroom upstairs. Dean waits, watching Sam just a while longer.
Cas' hand flew to his mouth, but it had nothing to do with rejection or the fact that he totally sucked face with Dean. He started dry heaving, and Dean just barely dragged him across the hall to their shared bathroom in time.
God, right. Because Cas, or Emmanuel, or who the fuck ever, was married to that crazy chick that pulled him out of that lake.
Cas agrees, with meaning, "Or something." Before Dean can unpack that, Cas tells him, "It's good to see you, even if the circumstances are less than desirable."
Dean feels exposed by the scrutiny, and not just from Cas, but from his brother too, who, awesome, is almost staring at him with pity. "Not the point," Dean bites out, which is about as much of an admission as he can muster.
Dean swallows, feeling panicky. He hasn't been inside Cas' house in forever. It always invokes a strong mixture of nostalgia and dread.
"It's good to see you." She stops near Cas, placing the box beside the others in the trunk. After, she wipes her hands and meets Dean's eyes again, still forcing that same fake smile. "How have you been? It's been so long since Castiel's brought you around."
"Don't do that. Don't act like, from day one, you haven't been pissed off and holding a grudge because I wouldn't let you clang your little bell out front."
"You can't tell people that, Cas! No one goes, 'hey, how'd you meet?' and wants to hear 'I wanted sex' back. Come on."
Carefully, like he's tiptoeing around, Sam says, "When we were ready to give up, to end it ourselves, you told Chuck to bring everyone back. Cas."
He's shocked to see it's been a week since everything went down. Once again he wonders what he's missed. He thinks of Dean, and then he purposefully thinks of other things to distract himself from the one thought that so constantly seems to persist, like how he needs a mode of transportation. Money.
Speaking of moon-eyes: he levels a pretty loaded gaze Cas's way, one full of seduction. Cas catches on pretty quick.
Benny let out a praiseful whistle and went back to hacking away at his wood block. As far as Dean could tell, he was making himself another knife. They went through plenty of those. "I get it. Man, I get it."
They grind together there on the floor until they've got a real sloppy rhythm going, and it's the best thing that's ever happened to the downstairs part of Dean's anatomy. It's partially a workout, too, trying to keep still and not scoot all over the floor, but that just means they both get there faster.
Dean has to make himself look away, feeling like a creeper. Probably he shouldn't find himself so fixated on the flash of skin where Castiel's shirt is riding up, except he is? A little? It's new, though, and it flags both his attention and curiosity in equal parts, like he's not sure if he wants to tell Cas to cover up for christs' sake, or take a closer look.
He points Cas's way, like there, in that general direction, lies his proof. "See. Even the ex-angel agrees with me."
She hesitates, and in that pause, Dean reads her loud and clear. They split on pretty crappy terms. Dean pulled the emergency cord and bailed six months into their relationship, and because Sam's mess was private business she didn't even get a decent excuse for it. No shit she's second guessing giving him the time of day.
When Sam sees Cas, he flings an arm out and manages to snare him into some weird octopus hold that forces him to crouch down beside Dean.
Dean's mind is racing, his thoughts moving too quick to stick. But he's getting closer and closer to something tangible.
"Of course, I love... bars," he comes up with awkwardly after the world's longest pause, which so obviously makes it bullshit. Everything he knows of Cas reeks of the exact opposite. He works at a bookshop for fuck's sake. Not that the two can't mix, but. For Cas they definitely don't.
"Yep," he says. He brings his beer to his mouth and sips, keeping his eyes on the TV where he's not-watching whatever game's on.
Right away, Dean's heart drops back down to his chest and starts thrashing around like it's gone feral. When it comes to family, he's got a real fierce protective streak. "Okay." He makes himself swallow. "About?"
"You're just as messed up," he tells him, "like the whole world revolves around you, the only difference is you don't know it yet."
Stepping back, Cas ducks his head down. "Never mind. Um. I just remembered I left the stove on. Gabriel is calling."
Dean's eyes soften at the gratitude. For a moment, it looks like he's swept up in the same emotions as Cas, that there is something building mutually between them. But then Dean clears his throat and removes himself from Cas's space entirely. His smile is big to overcompensate the moment.
"I don't begrudge you, Dean," he tells him honestly, and it too causes Dean to react, only this time his face crumbles briefly.
This is what he's talking about. It's like he knows Dean's 'feelings are to be repressed, not spoken out loud' rule.
Carefully, Dean looks up at him. He can't remember the last time he felt this scared. It's like the whole world's about to change on him and he's nowhere near ready. "Bobby, I'm not. I don't..."
"You're so lucky, Cas," Sam says, throwing pebbles at one of the junkers Dean's working on in Bobby's salvage yard. He's aiming for the driver side mirror, but he keeps missing and thwacking Dean instead where Dean's chest deep under the car's hood.
Begrudgingly, Dean does. And, of course, Sam is right. Cas is just at the edge of where they can see him; his shoulders are both tense and droopy somehow and he keeps looking up at the sky like he's fighting something back.
It's after three. The air conditioner unit has kicked on again, loud and rattling like somewhere inside it there's a wayward screw.
That's Cas' mom's doings. Naomi. The friggin' bitch. Dean only hates her so much because of, well, the shit she's done to Cas, mostly, but also because she cornered Dean one visit, looked him square in the eye, and tsked real motherly, 'I only wish he felt the same way.' Dean's avoided her ever since.
Dean snorts, eyes flying up to Cas'. Cas is looking down at the bird with this look like he's handling something precious, like God put it there Himself, which has Dean dialing down the sarcasm, though he can't keep it all out. "You named it after an
"Can't you see we're busy here?" Dean barks, gesturing between him and Cas with the expectation that Sam understands they are in the middle of something super important. His mouth makes little outraged movements, and Sam stares back silently before he looks over to Cas, who is mirroring Dean's exaggerated offense.
"Oh," he says, and Dean feels sick to his stomach now that it's out there, now that it's not just his to know anymore.
One, he's not wearing a coat so it's cold as balls, and two, now he's gotta actually deliver the goods or Sam'll never let it go.
Cas and JoAnne both stare at him. The realtor, because he’s being a dick, and Cas, to gloat. Because maybe Dean doesn’t have the best people skills either.
It's weird to have a reaction to that, right? Yet, stupidly, Dean does. He feels kind of proud? It's weird.
At the diner Dean's stopped at just to get out of the house, Cas ignores the entire open side of the booth and drops down next to Dean, close. Too close.
Cas is still looking around the place, scanning the clusters of people. Dean wonders if Cas went to dives like this those months he was gone, if he picked up women or, hell, men. Then he makes himself drop that thought.
It doesn't take very long for Charlie to pick up on the tension between Dean and Cas. The more normal Dean tries to play it, the more suspicious her glances become. Dean tries laying off a bit and ignoring Cas, but Sam's only invited so many people over. He winds up looking like a real dick when Cas comes up and attempts conversation for the first time that night and all of Dean's responses are basically monosyllabic grunts.
"33," Sam says, puffed up like he thinks he's real clever. "You?" He already knows the answer -- same -- so Dean leans the other way and scowls at Cas.
Cas looked on the verge of questioning Dean's sanity, going so far as squinting his lack of understanding in that patented Cas way of 'does not compute,' before he decided to put all his trust in Dean. And, again, the guy grew up with a couple of actual nutjobs for brothers, so that was saying something.
"I failed. The state of Heaven and now the world is my fault and I can't fix it. I can't even fight off a virus. But I didn't do it because of lack of trust or disobedience, I did it because I believed Naomi deserved to die."
"What?" he barks, but there's zero heat happening. It's pretty much the tone equivalent of an empty threat and Charlie sees right through it.
Cas covers up the bird again, its tweets immediately muffled. Dean can tell he's taken a wrong turn here somewhere, but he doesn't know
"Hm," Dean answers, content for once to ignore the usual Cas-related flutter in his chest considering it's giving him nothing but blue balls at this point.
When he's not immediately ripping off on the topic, she deflates, staring down at the packet in her hand like it's the cause of their combined cluelessness.
Cas shows up while Dean is just stepping out of the shower, and instead of waiting for him to finish up, he loses his friggin' mind and corners Dean next to the crapper.
He spends forty minutes flipping through old obits, a habit more than actual interest, before Cas emerges ready to go.
"Okay." There's a pause, and in it, they seem to both realize this is the first time they've actually
"Action movie," she blurts. He stares back, eyes going wide. "Defcon one. Um. Sean Connery? Sorry." She laughs at herself, light and just this side of self-deprecating and, honestly, it's one of the best sounds he's heard in a while. "Masculine words," she explains, like maybe, in the three seconds since, he might've forgotten about that.
"Well, good news is it's not broken. It's gonna hurt like a bitch for a couple days, though." He coaxes Cas into eye contact. Bewilderingly, there's worry there. "You sure you're okay, man?"
"The tablet Sam told you about," Cas says, finally angling a look Dean's way. "There wasn't only one, there were two, and they didn't just lock the Gates of Hell, Dean. They locked--"
He's at the table again, this mess in front of him that is actually, to the trained eye, organized chaos. It's everything he needs to make his own EMF detector, old school Walkman that he swiped from the neighbor's garage included. Suckers.
"Sit down before you pass out," Dean commanded without looking away from the skillet. When Cas only moved his scowl from the fridge to Dean, Dean snuck a quick glance at him before snorting.
Awkwardly, Dean hands over a $5 bill. "Dean. Keep the change," he says through a tight smile, moving over to the pick-up side of the counter. Gabriel straight up smirks, dropping the leftover money into the tip jar with enough exaggerated flourish that the next customer in line starts laughing.
The woman -- Amelia -- drags them out of it, having to physically manhandle Sam out of the way where he's blocking the door. "Linger much?" she snarks, and Dean's got to hand it to his brother. This chick wouldn't be Dean's normal type -- too cute in that Natalie Portman, girl-next-door, flannel-wearing kind of way -- but she's got some bite to her, plus she was able to move Sam like he weighed next to nothing when Dean knows for a fact Sam is heavy like he's made up of nothing but dead weight.
"What're you still doing awake? C'mon, get upstairs," he makes himself say, sliding out of his coat. He's too tired to hang it up, so he drops it on the floor and knows he's in for some bitching from Bobby come breakfast time.
Whatever, so Dean's at the foot of the couch, sitting on the floor in the library. So he's wound up and tense, something wild thrumming through his blood. So maybe Purgatory made it this way, where he got too used to needing as little sleep as possible because you never knew what monster was at your back or just around the corner.
Low, warm, and damn seductive, Cas says, “You know, if we continue to keep this to ourselves—” There’s a pointed squeeze right then that lights a line of fire along Dean's nerves, a bolt that travels straight down to his toes, with a centrally-located stopover. “We can sneak around some more. Remember our last spar?”
Well, more like the morally shady road, because he’s trying to work up the nerves here to say out loud 'i'm in a sexually active relationship with my best friend who i'm pretty in love with so how about investing in some noise cancelling headphones because from here on out, get ready for the PDA.’
There's just something about the guy—his voice, maybe, or the razor-sharp intensity of his stare, or how he cuts right through Dean's bullshit like a pro—that makes Dean feel like he's being busted for something. He can barely maintain eye contact, but that has more to do with the freaky soul-reading he seems to be on the receiving end of, which makes his responding, "Hey," come out hoarsely.
Dean glares. Why'd he work his ass off to send Sam to college again? Because: regrets. Especially (well, only) when Sam uses his lawyer'y mojo to one-up Dean.
"I don't understand what my taste in ties has to do with my relationship status," Cas says, eyes back up, and locked on Dean's.
face, Dean's excitement withers into how-did-you-turn-out-so-wrong older brother disappointment. "Seriously?" he demands.
Sam got a hold of Dean a few hours later, when Dean was at home. He wouldn't say he was sulking, but he was sunk as far into the couch as the cushions allowed and Star Wars was on TV. The shitty remakes, too, just to really punish himself.
"Yeah." He tries to laugh the roughness out of his voice but it stays stuck in his throat. "You too, Cas."
Cas sounds nervous. It makes Dean afraid, it makes him terrified of what's happening next, so he blurts out, "We have to stop."
Okay, that's a lie. Dean's scared shitless. Probably because he's the one on his back here doing the catching. And even though Cas seemed into the, uh, prep, it still took Dean an embarrassingly long time to relax. Dicks are one thing. Hell, he doesn't even mind having Cas play with his balls. But all the attention that'd been on his ass? A whole lot of freaky.
It was scary, especially because for all Dean knew Cas was a virgin saving himself for his marital bed, but there was something about manning the waters together that made it seem okay. It wasn't like Dean had ever had his dick touched by another man before either.
Benny makes a soft, disagreeing noise. “The way I remember it, he was doin' just fine by his lonesome before we showed up.”
A bell dings and it sends Judith heading for the kitchen again. Art takes that as his cue to dip towards Dean, close enough he can smell the aftershave on him.
It's funny. Dean can barely remember what his mom looked like. He's got pictures, sure, and that helps, but when he tries to remember moments that were never photographed -- how she looked first thing in the morning, if her hair was always curly, did her DNA screw up his DNA and that's where all the freckles came from -- he's got zip. Nothing.
Sam's voice comes in louder this time, like he's pressed right up against the door. He's probably trying to peek through the cracks, the freak. "Is Cas in there? Cas! It's me!" The doorknob shakes more vigorously.
Those words are shouted in the direction of Kevin's room. Half a second later, they hear his door slam.
Dean shrugs, picking at the ruined papery edges of a coaster already on the table in front of him. He smiles at Cas something that's flashy and boastful but all show. "Yeah, well, subtle doesn't get you what you want."
Dean takes advantage of the new angle and wraps his arms around Cas's back, so when Cas falls back, it's Dean he's pillowed by. It makes it so Cas's hips stay arched, so much easier for Dean to lay there and lazily give his first ever blow job. Cas's first ever, too, he sorta stupidly hopes.
"Don't get me wrong," Sam goes on. He picks at that plaid table top where a few loose threads are fraying near the end. "It's not like it was easy, or like we didn't lose anyone." The way he says that, Dean wonders who it was, then, that was lost. He figures it must've been Kevin, because everyone else they know is here. Everyone Dean cares about that isn't already gone, anyway. "But, hey. It all worked out in the end." He looks at Dean with a smile. "Still ghost hunt."
Bobby says, "And pick up your jacket, this ain't some damn barn," before flicking the light back off, leaving Dean in the dark.
Sam must've broke the downstairs bathroom for real; as far as Dean can tell, it's been turned into a storage closet, which at least explains why the upstairs bathroom is a shared bathroom.
Whatever it was, Dean wasn't prepared for the sudden adrenaline rush that swept up his body like a gust of confused feelings and an identity crisis. His heart decided to pick up its pace from the mellow jog it'd been cruising at, now at a panic-filled sprint. His throat stopped working properly, the draft of blood in his ears rose to a roar, his dick decided to announce its presence by twitching eagerly -- it was basically a full scale physiological freakout, all because, all of a sudden, it became way too easy to imagine this as one of those Very Inappropriate Situations Sam would for sure want to have some kind of gentle conversation about.
By the time Dean makes it home, he's cycled through all possible emotions; a little weirded out, semi-pleased with himself for being such a damn catch even the gay guys know what's up, confused, flattered.
Cas gives up gripping the sheet to slide his hands up Dean's thighs instead. He's staring at Dean in a pretty staggering way.
This is playing with fire. But somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean knows he's got himself a safety chute in case he needs to bail out, because this is not his timeline. He won't be stuck here forever. So he'll take what he wants, what he's maybe wanted for a while now, and fuck the consequences because there are no consequences. And if Cas is on board, what the hell are they still dancing around for?
Dean busies himself behind the counter, swiping away crumbs from the 'day before' pastry rack they keep up near the register. Ideally, it's supposed to attract customers. In actuality, Dean might have a 'day before' pastry problem.
Cas doesn't seem thrilled by Dean getting up to tend to his brother, but he doesn't ask him not to either.
Dean crouches down and gathers a few rocks. And then he stands and tosses one of them at Cas' window. He does that three more times before the curtain flutters. Dean's heart does the same.
Cas comes into the kitchen to get a beer for Sam, and Dean has flashbacks of himself limp against the sink counter while Cas knelt in front of him, sucking him off so awesomely Dean's fairly certain his brain's pleasure center now houses only that blow job's memory.
?" Sam presses, very obviously leading somewhere. Dean's already grouchy and Sam and his special, loaded I'm-going-to-be-a-lawyer tone ain't helping.
Dean just stands there, waiting. "Okay?" He doesn't like the way this is starting to feel like rejection.
For a while, Dean and Cas both watch unabashedly as she works her moves. She slips right onto the bar stool beside the woman, and despite the initial scowl she gets in response to whatever opening line she dropped, she must've been telling the truth about hitting it off earlier; the woman smiles, going from zero to DTF pretty effin' quick.
“Of course…” The longest pause in the world. “…sweetie bear,” Cas agrees diplomatically. Dean, meanwhile, loses half his working brain cells in the mental explosion that follows.
Whenever Cas stirs long enough to hold a conversation, Dean keeps him awake by talking the family business with him, or they watch boring ass food documentaries on Sam's computer that Cas seems worryingly into (Dean is slowly being brainwashed about GMOs and pesticides and it makes him hate life.) Dean heats Cas up some soup and tries to pretend the warmth wrapping around his sternum as Cas slurps his way through it has only to do with feeling useful.
"If I say 'yes,' there's not gonna be some cartoon thought bubble over your head of me in a school girl uniform fingerbanging some chick in a Princess Leia costume, right?" There's a very short pause. "Actually, that sounds hot. Proceed."
"Because it doesn't mean what you think it means." Cas continues staring cluelessly at him. Dean blows out an annoyed breath. "You say that, people'll think you came onto me. For, you know. Sex."
Dean forced his body to settle the fuck down. "Shut up, Cas," he said in favor of, you know, actual, mature conversation. It was still after three and they both still had an early morning.
"Dean," Sam sighs again, this time because that is, hands down, their worst muffin. It's only on the menu because Bobby, the cranky old bastard, insists on it. 'Adopted parent's rights,' he calls it.
Naomi's voice is sharper this time. "Castiel! Remember yourself. Remember what you are, where you belong! You are one of God's obedient--"
The virgin daiquiri. Dean snorts at the reminder. "You're good," he lets him know anyway, keeping it light. Dean enjoys throwing back a cold one with the boys, but he's not the type who's gonna pressure someone who doesn't want to drink into doing it.
The Impala starts up with a growl, twin headlights splitting the darkness in two. Right away, Foreigner spills out of the speakers, this low hum of, 'Feels like the first time. Like we've opened up the door. Feels like the first time. Like it never will again, never again.'
Besides, lately with all the fighting and realizing they're at different points in their life, it's awkward as fuck.
It doesn't stop Cas from glancing over at him on his way out. When he's busted -- okay, so maybe Dean was looking too -- he scowls and hurries out, just this side of flustered.
Cas lays out his towel on a lounge chair near the water. Dean dumps his beside that, then dips his toes just to make sure. It's like a big, toasty bath, and Dean tosses Cas a playful grin while he heads to the shallow side and makes his way in.
Cas turns to let Sam in, sucker for the kid's whinings that he is. Dean lifts his head to scowl at him, gesturing emphatically at his naked state of being.
Cas, totally unprepared, gasps, choking out, "De--" but he doesn't finish. Dean's name turns into a blissed out groan halfway through.
Cas doesn't share the same enthusiasm, but still, Dean smirks at him, waggles his brow, and chucks the freed nail into the junk pile before working on another.
smirk at Dean that lets Dean know this is payback for the pet shop incident earlier. This is 100% that.
The kiss is a long time coming, and far from perfect; they're both trying too hard at first, wanting it too much, on two totally different pages. It's aggressive, and not in the good way. Cas seems a couple counts behind, and Dean's got a lifetime of firsthand experience and, besides that, many'a motel porno skipping through his head. Eventually it settles into something slow and open-mouthed, with Cas tilting his head back against the freezer door, and Dean is full of enough alcohol that this definitely seems like a good idea. Probably his best idea ever.
Sam lets go of Cas as well, too drunk to fight the manhandling. He settles back and exhales loudly, patting Dean one last time.
It got too dark to see outside, even with the porch light on, so they moved things to the couch inside. Sam's given up the hammer and nails for a lecture.
He was warm and comfortable and his morning wood was nudged awesomely against a soft, pliant pillow.
"This," he hisses at Sam, swiping a hand to make his meaning clear, "is not okay! Nothing here is okay, just so you know."
"Who friendzoned you?" asks Castiel, speaking up from behind. Dean tenses at the sudden inclusion, but Charlie, who's evil, is fueled on by her audience doubling in size.
He takes another sip of beer and tries not to slip into crisis mode even though he can feel the waves of panic coming in like a fast-moving tide.
Dean takes a sip from his own coffee, grinning at Cas over the rim. His eyebrows bounce with suggestive glee.
"Jesus," Dean swears, ducking from the counter to do just that with the tips of his ears flaming pink. He can't even go into crisis mode over Cas admitting that he misses Dean (holy fuck) because sure as shit Bobby'll pick up on it.
Which means he doesn't bother unzipping Dean, limiting all those fine motor skills that make for a truly fantastic handjob. It's more like he's rubbing Dean's dick like he's working a batch of dough he's got a weird vendetta against, not so much pumping it as he is teasing, and something about that has Dean tipping his head back until he feels leather behind him.
Dean twists so he can lay his palm across Cas' forehead. "Ha," he drawls, distracted by what's got to be a temperature high enough to warrant a trip to the emergency room.
Christine bites on her lip like she's holding something back. And then she blurts out, "We were supposed to get married." Apparently that's a shocker to Sam, because he pulls back and sends Dean a look. One of those pointed
“It's Sam,” he says after prolonging the conversation another couple minutes to stack the dirty plates in the sink. He doesn't turn away from the running water, but he hears the creak of a chair and Bobby's shoes scuffing atop the floorboards when he shifts Dean's way.
Her smile wanes at the blatant rejection. She doesn't even bother to correct the wrong name, just tips her lipstick-stained drink at them and watches as they disappear towards the booth part of the bar.
He's slamming cupboards, looking for food without really even being hungry. It's boredom, mostly, that's pushing him, not to mention all that anxiety doing circles in his head. He's going out of his mind here.
Dean had been busy setting out pastries, but now that he's no longer alone, and once he sees who it is, he aborts to... well, to stand at the counter awkwardly until Scarf Guy breaks the standstill.
Trust Cas to be a wet blanket. Dean's the one who's been up all night staring in the dark, his overactive mind keeping him wide awake, but Cas is still the one to kill the mood.
It's the same guy from before. What are the chances? Probably a hell of a lot less likely than whatever the odds are his face is lit pink like some friggin' neon sign blinking LOSER.
Once Charlie's gone and it's just him and Lisa, Dean says, "So," looking anywhere but at her, fiddling with the lid of his to-go coffee. Sad thing is, this used to be the best part of lunch, the time he spent in the early part of their relationship really falling hard for her, but these days it's become so routine he kind of resents it a little. It's a drag and an obligation and he hates the feeling that they're spending time together because it's just what they've always done, not because they want to anymore.
people. The friends we have, the people we love. I don't want to end up ten, twenty more years down the line still wondering what I'm missing out on, Dean. And I have this amazing, incredible woman who I want to spend as much time as I possibly can with," he tells him, teary-eyed.
He shuts and locks the door after them, with a silent prayer that Sam not choke on his own puke in the middle of the night, please and thank you.
When Dean turned back to Cas, Cas already looked like he'd been told to fuck off, his shoulders dropping and his face so damn sad it made Dean get vicarious pangs. His heart ached too, and at first he thought it was because their friendship was about to get royally messed up and broken, but then he realized it was because Cas thought Dean was going to reject him and that was not okay. That was dead wrong, actually.
He ignores the way this all comes with a feeling of failure, like somehow he let everyone down by not being the brawn. What the hell did he even do, then, if Sam was doing the trials, and Cas was --
He ignores him but Sam keeps it up through Dean's perusal of the fridge; his yelling at the dishwasher for still housing dirty dishes; his thirty second rinse of a mug he takes from the sink with the decision that it'll do; the pouring of his coffee; that first sip.
"So," Lisa says, finally, after pretending to look for her keys in her purse, "we should do this again sometime. The lunch thing, not the post-meal will-they/won't-they."
He towels off and dresses fast, as he is used to. It hurts to use both hands, so he fumbles with the buttons. Of which there are many.
"What the hell! Dean! What's gotten into you?" he's saying, shrill and pissy, but Dean ignores it, putting the blade between his teeth for a place to hold it while he gestures for Sam to comply.
"So," Dean says, and Cas can feel the heaviness of his gaze even though he keeps his own stare straight ahead. "Guess the date was a bust, then?"
Sam, meanwhile, is rifling through sweaters and shirts alike like he couldn't be more content, like there's nowhere else he'd rather be on a Tuesday, at lunch, than the goddamn mall in a store that smells like vanilla.
"Cas," Dean whispers. He sounds as sick as Cas, who stills abruptly like Dean's going to snap at him again.
Dean stands there in the bathroom for several minutes before making an attempt to move or undress, just staring at the collection of toiletries on the counter, at the two toothbrushes, at himself in the mirror.
Dean and Cas jolt into action too. Cas goes for freeing the men while Dean wields his knife for a fight. The thing is a hell of a lot quicker than it looks, though, catching Dean around the waist and crashing them into a wall.
Cas is in the doorway, leaning lightly against the wooden frame. It's a stupid reaction, but Dean's first instinct is to hide the picture, to protect that kid-part of him and tuck it back out of view. He doesn't. The way Cas is looking at him, careful and accepting, means he's probably caught Dean having himself a good ol' nostalgic mope over it a time or twelve before. Awesome.
"Dean," Cas says, moving in right beside him. "I'm not currently interested in anyone, if you're wondering."
"Castiel was..." She stops to find her words. "Let's just say, he was ready to sign off on something he didn't fully comprehend. I think he does now. Don't you, Castiel?"
Still not willing to surrender so easy, Dean dials up the sarcasm. He questions slowly, emphatically, "So, me and Cas, the winning idea here is: pretend to be in big, gay love? That's the plan?"
"Yeah, it is." Cas doesn't look convinced. Dean puts the last box on a work table beside all the others. They've got something of a wall built. "I get it, future-me is king of all dicks. But I can't fix someone else's problems, Cas."
Then Cas's fingers wrap around Dean's on the outside of the cup, only instead of grabbing it, he just holds on, and where a normal person would say 'thank you, Dean, you're so awesome, what a cool guy' Cas leans in and kisses him.
It's a good thing, too, because Dean is lying next to Cas with the crazy ass thought that future-him and Cas must be fuck buddies of some sort, or sleepover pals or whatever the kids are calling it, because there's no way that was their first time, and instead of it sending him packing, it's weirdly calming, like, okay, alright, he can put a name to this thing he and Cas have.
Even as Dean's heart leaps up his throat, instinct kicks in first. His hand shoots out, fingers wrapping around Cas's wrist to stop him.
"Wait, what?" Lisa says, cutting through Dean's I WILL MURDER YOU stare he's blasting at Charlie. They're at lunch, at some hipster coffee cafe close enough to Bobby's garage, Charlie's office, and Lisa's yoga place that, despite the ambiance and dumb ass clientele, it's become their usual spot. It's the kind of cafe that filters acoustic guitar music through the speakers and dudes who whisper instead of sing. Literally Dean sighs long and sufferingly before entering the building each time.
of all things. Cas does this, he's going to live in a shitty house and work a shitty job and his consolation prize is, what? Dean?
am the one doing the pricking." Said purposely too, and even though it made Dean's stomach roll, Cas being a perv happened so rarely. Dean was almost proud of the guy.
"You, what, one of them whatever they're called. Forensic scientists?" the old guy asks them. "We watch a lot of those medical shows. Don't we, son?" That's to the other guy. "Whole buncha them on the TV. Graphic, too, all except the little part they blur out."
Cas attempts to comfort him with a hand to his shoulder, but because Dean is crap when it comes to his emotions, he shakes it off. He's pissed and he can't be mad at himself if Cas is over there trying to calm him down. That's not the way his brain works.
Cas didn't take his eyes off Dean while he told Benny, "Yes," pushing it out through his teeth like some bad ass fending his territory. Mentally, Dean rolled his eyes. You'd think by now Cas would've gotten over whatever bug had crawled up his ass about Benny, especially since Benny saved his hide from a Leviathan only a couple days back, but the dude was pricklier than ever.
"I'm sick, not hard of hearing," Cas throws back, but there's no bite. He's sighing, actually, scooting close to Dean so Dean can be included in his sick-cave.
"Conquest," Dean snorts. "She'd love that." He's deflecting and Cas knows it. Fine. Dean rolls his eyes at himself. "Nothing, just. Didn't know you liked girls too. Guess it surprised me."
"So," Cas says while picking up a stack of papers that he does nothing but re-stack and set in the exact same place. "What's your experience with Modge Podge?"
She breaks at the same time, only because realization hits. "Wait." She peeks over Dean's shoulder, into the kitchen. Everyone's still just
"Better?" Dean asks him as he comes out, arranged on the bed again. The pizza box is open on the table, a couple slices missing. The smell of it makes his mouth water. There's also a six-pack, minus two.
There's some more sounds from Cas's end that paint a pretty clear picture of what's happening: Gabe's being the dick older brother, trying to embarrass Cas who's trying to find somewhere to go to escape the torment.
"There's a shop close by, in town. You might say it caters towards a more furry client." When Dean continues on blinking cluelessly, Cas takes pity on him and stops yanking his chain. "Dogs. Cats. Other creatures as well, of course, like birds, snakes--"
By the time Dean's making himself dinner, Sam's nearly fully recovered. Probably that Winchester constitution, or else the steel stomach that made him the easiest kid with a stomach flu to look after has extended itself into adulthood and all the poor choices that come with it.
Dean knocks his head against the pillow again, and that time it doesn't really have anything to do with making the thing softer.
"Don't you ever get tired of it?" Sam asks him one afternoon while they fuss with stuff in the garage. Dean's been spending more of his time in here now that Cas is going to work again. It makes him feel halfway useful, anyway.
It hurts to hear Sam talk like that, mostly because it feels like he's being pushed away. All that does is make Dean want to cling harder. "This the Ghost of Christmas Future speech?" he wonders, treating the whole thing like a joke, which makes Sam sigh.
we have a pot brewing around here somewhere," she tells him. There's a slight teasing lilt to her voice. It's a diner. No shit they have coffee. Her gaze lands on Dean, then, and she lifts the corners of her smile back up. "What about you?"
At 'ex-angel,' Cas frowns, but neither Sam nor Dean notice, too caught up in themselves. "That's your defense?" Sam says. Well, laughs, and disbelievingly so.
"Good, glad you agree, 'cause dropping my bff Dean off is definitely going to be a mood killer. That's like twenty minutes of foreplay wasted. You'll call Sam to get you? Please? Please, please, please."
He groans, then groans again in the bad way because, god, what if this is just some weird Stockholm syndrome thing? What if Cas is only kissing him because Dean launched himself at him?
By the time Dean emerges from his room some five hours of restless sleep later, Sam's in the kitchen washing dishes, whistling away like a Disney princess summoning cartoon birds.
The look they share next is sad and it makes a lump of similar emotions climb into then lodge itself inside Dean's throat while Cas' grip on Dean's shoulder tightens like he won't ever let go.
Once, in Wisconsin, they buckled down in an actual apartment for five months. His dad even tried out sobriety, but it didn't stick. It never did.
With a now-or-never leap off the proverbial cliff, Dean heads on into the kitchen, with Cas quick to follow. “You could just
The lady's name tag says Judith. She looks at Dean, lifting a wry eyebrow. "He want that hot or cold?"
Friendship like theirs, it doesn't take much for Charlie to read into things. She pats him on the shoulder. "My poor little socially crippled caterpillar. One day you'll cocoon."
Cas takes the bills Dean offers and does as asked, exiting the room without so much as a glance behind him.
Right. "First step," Dean tells him, mentally regrouping, grabbing those glasses he was reaching for and a bottle of a whiskey they keep by the cookie jar, "is bottom's up."
Instead of putting on The Walking Dead like he'd like, he goes for Game of Thrones. It's something they've been watching together, up until recently anyway.
(Well, except for a week ago when he was opening the doors for the day. He was running late, as per usual, and Sam wasn't around to help because apparently '
Dean keeps his back to him, still feigning interest in the library collection. He notices a photo of Sam, Amelia, and Cas all together, all wearing cheesy Christmas sweaters, though two of them in the picture look way more in on the joke than the stoic third party. Who is Cas. Dean almost grins, but then he remembers Cas is watching, so he clears out his throat and runs his finger down the spine of another book that he makes sure beforehand isn't some damn cat guide.
It's like he's powerless, like Cas is the one in charge. It's messing with Dean's head in the best way possible, making him go limp enough to sag onto the closed toilet. Cas' fingers trail from Dean's waist up to his shoulders with that slow collapse, a barely-there grazing that incites goosebumbs more effectively than even the post-shower temperature dip, until suddenly Cas' grip is strong.
Cas pitches forward suddenly to kiss Dean, and Dean nearly yelps because the new angle makes that fire along Dean's spine explode into something white hot and just as bright. Whatever Cas did, wherever his dick hit, may it hit again, because that was awesome. Even Dean's dick thinks so, leaking and paying attention as it suddenly is.
While Dean calls and places their order, Cas drifts over to the table. Outside of Dean's jacket hung over the chair, it's bare, though there are scuff marks and scratches that look years old dug into the surface. On the wall opposite him, near the bed Dean's on, there's a framed painting of a blue-skied mountain range he studies for a few seconds before he realizes his heart's beating harder than usual and his vision is darkening.
"Right." He gets up, attempting to escape without it looking like an escape. "Sounds like someone needs water."
All of a sudden that curtain yanks to the side. "Can I help you with something?" the guy on the other side asks, after only a small pause. He's a couple inches shorter than Dean himself, probably around the same age, and he's got dark, messy hair that makes the blue in his eyes stand out.
He wears mostly jeans and t-shirts in layers and there's a closet full of lint-covered sweaters Dean wouldn't be caught dead in. No tan overcoats.
There's a very heavy silence while Dean blindly swings open his bedroom door and angles his way through like some dog holding a too-big stick in its mouth.
Early the next afternoon, Dean comes out of his room and finds Sam hefting a cooler full of ice onto the kitchen counter. He's filling it with six-packs of that hippie IPA, seasonally-flavored stuff Dean thinks is good for watering down mulch and not much else.
After a long, long silent exchange of 'I tire of your stupid human reservations' and 'I don't care; move,' Cas, with a sigh that resembles Dean's from earlier, finally gets up as asked.
The thing lights up impressively for a grand total of six seconds, spitting out different colored sparks that are as tall as Dean is, but all too soon it sputters then dies.
On the screen there is a man and a woman the TV calls 'Mick' and 'Mimi' and they are advertising what the boxes at work have informed Cas is a 'Magic Bullet.' Despite the illustrations, he had guessed it as a weapon. Apparently it's meant to chop vegetation. Its actual use, he's finding, watching once more, is no less fascinating.
Dean's grinning at Sam's last victorious swallow--until he looks over and catches Cas's eyes, something soft slipping through his otherwise sharp stare. Very fast, things get uncomfortable all over again; Dean turns around to busy himself, refilling Sam's drink, giving himself a purposeful pep talk,
It's clean, with lots of wooden shelves full of books lining the walls and filling up space. Register down near the back, with a short, black-haired woman working it. Some heavily cushioned chairs are stationed at various points for people to hang out and read if they want, all bright colors like lime green and orange and purple. There's a table up near the entrance with a display for newer, popular books, and beside those an assorted stack in front of a handmade sign that says 'Castiel's picks.'
"God, you're snarky. Was it the homeless guys? You had to toughen your comeback game, didn't you? Cas got
Sam's mouth is a thin, perturbed line when he says, "Yeah, so? It's a piece of paper, but you still would've made me kiss... whoever I was standing under it with at the party--"
The first twinges of doubt come when Dean enters the craft store at the same time someone else is exiting. Who is a woman, yes, but she's ancient and has blue hair, and not the fun kind of blue that means the girl's going through a rebellious phase or a free spirit streak which, either way, usually winds up working in Dean's favor.
That's some devious shit. Dean would almost be impressed, except Sam's gotten like ten times more smug during the whole thing like he's already won.
"For the record," Dean says, "I don't have a diary. But if I knew you were looking... If I'd've known, I would've wrote something, Cas. You know that."
Sam pulls his prissiest frown while Dean surveys the scene in front of him: dough sticking to the steel countertops; flour all over; an overturned mixing bowl; a burnt batch of a first attempt.
Even with everything going great, he still has to shake the bullshit from his tone. His instinct is always to close himself off, to keep everyone out. "I'm serious, I'm fine. I'm reading a damn good book, I'm talking to my best friend. I'm awesome."
"So, I had to ask myself, what meant more. What was worth losing, possibly forever. Heaven or..." The rest goes unspoken, but Dean can feel it anyway in the way Cas is staring at him. Heaven or him. Heaven or Sam. Or free will, or the frickin' bees. That's a hell of a weight to put on Dean's shoulders, and even though he never asked Cas to make that decision, would never, he can tell that it was asked anyway. Not in words, but Dean can see it now. Can imagine all too easily silently pleading with Cas not to go, willing him to stay, but pushing him away all the same.
Dean glances over at Cas. "Dick," he bites out accusingly, and it's heated from how badly he means it. Then, "You talk to him at all?" Because if he knows Cas as well as he's sure he does, there's no way that call went missed.
Dean gets stern to make up for the flutter in his chest. "Not saying I'm gonna let it out at night to cuddle."
"Okay, okay," he tells her, going. He glances over his shoulder to say, "Yeesh," just so she knows what a freak she is; her shooing gestures get more exaggerated and he laughs, only because she's turning out to be such a weirdo and it's this side of endearing.
"Hey, how about some, ah—” shit, "—Modge Podge?" he suggests, just throwing that out there because it's the one damn thing that's stuck.
By the time Cas is in balls deep, they're both breathing too hard. Dean's erection has flagged, his boner wrecked completely by the discomfort of having a dick in his poop chute, but Cas with his trembling arms and shaky exhales is ready to blow his load and they've barely even done anything.
Cas went about his routine like there wasn't turmoil wreaking havoc on Dean's mind, only glancing curiously at Dean like Dean was acting slightly off, not like his whole knowledge of himself and the world around him was being rewritten.
That doesn't exactly rally Dean's confidence. It does the opposite for him, actually. He feels his smirk drop but he turns and heads for his room before Cas can see.
At first, it's the glare of the sun in his eyes; he flips down the visor. Then it's a leg cramp, so he eases off the gas a little. After, Kansas stops playing and Taylor Swift comes on.
"This was a helluva lot easier when we were kids," Dean admits sourly. Yeah, they had some tough goodbyes growing up, all them times Dean's dad came around only to displace him and Sam, but those separations never felt final. Not like this.
Charlie's doing a pretty solid job of making him regret knowing her. She's practically beaming rainbows out of her eyes, but she's pressing her lips tightly together to say 'look at me, not talking.'
They've got three months of summer before Cas starts his freshman year at Dartmouth University, which is something stupid like 1500 miles away. Not that Dean's Google mapped it or anything.
Dean swallows that fun piece of information down a throat that's gone dry and feels it curl into his stomach where it decides to hang around, kicking up a bad taste.
Cas, on the other hand, is entirely unbothered by Dean's outburst, and the reason for it. He strides toward the book. “It worked, didn’t it?”
“Oh,” JoAnne notices. She’s gesturing toward the kitchen with a recently manicured hand, but she’s saying, “Did you wanna see the bedrooms first? The master has a double sink.” Her voice is full of conspiratorial glee, and before Dean can redirect her to keep her distracted, she’s blowing past him, grinning happily.
"Stay." It rushes out of him. "Just the night. I'll drive you back in the morning, ass-crack of dawn even." That smile returns, hopeful. "I'm not in any rush to get out of here."
"Castiel," Naomi reprimands, like Cas is the one who initiated it. And then like he's the one who should be breaking it when it goes on for too long. But Dean fists his hands in Cas' trenchcoat -- he's never been happier to see the dumb thing -- and refuses to let go.
"Well, your face is stupid, and I do. And get a haircut, would you, you're shedding all over the food."
Once they're through the front door, Dean feels the past hit him like a full-on whammy. He lived in this house before. For only a couple of weeks until Bobby took over as full-time surrogate parent, but it's still such a weird feeling.
They stare some more. Dean considers bolting anew. Just give this whole thing up. Get a job like a real adult. Maybe buy himself something from Ikea. Go home and water some plants.
Dean leaned back and sighed. As much as he liked a good deflection, it was inevitable that Cas honed in on his more burdening of emotions.
Cas stalls, then huffs out the inevitable. "November." Dean raises his eyebrows at him, still not satisfied. Cas shifts under the scrutiny. "Second," he adds, wilting under the pressure.
The woman--Crystal, she introduced herself with--rakes her eyes up and down Dean. "Funny, you don't really seem the type."
“Think that’s our cue,” Dean tells her, then looks over his shoulder at Cas and adds dryly, “Honey.”
Sam's staring at him when he opens his eyes again, almost like there is something more worrying about Dean praying to his angel than anything else so far. Yeah, well. Join the club.
Cas pulls himself out of the book to watch as they drift from highway to town. Calling it that, though, is being generous. There are a couple of gas stations, some fast food restaurants, and a cheap, rundown-looking motel with a broken 'vacancy' sign.
"Gee, nice to see you too." Cas just narrows his eyes and waits for Dean to make sense of things, unhelpful in assisting Dean make this a less awkward moment. You know, considering the drama of their last encounter and all.
Cas slowly lifts the thing off of him, mindful of the way its creepy little claws have dug into his shirt, setting it on some coat hanger-looking contraption. The lizard clings right to it, content, while Cas shuffles on past, reaching down to stroke a stray cat's brown and fuzzy head along the way.
"I broke it off with Lisa," Dean told him, watching Cas's eyes grow big. He commented casually, "Yeah, so, turns out? Being in love with your best friend? Kind of a moodkiller," and waited for it to click.
Cas is enveloped suddenly in a tight, and still tightening, hug. Dean wraps his arms around Cas and pulls him in and there's nothing Cas can do but stand there and allow it. Dean's breath is warm against his neck, as are the arms around his back, and at first he holds himself stiffly, not knowing what's expected back from him.
Dean raps his knuckles beside the door knocker. He flashes a reassuring grin at Cas -- also ignored -- then gets almost immediately distracted by the sound of loud barking on the opposite side of the wood.
Dean says, "Any time," and his tone is just as clipped. There's another 8-second long staring contest before Dean snorts and books it back toward the shop.
Ellen snorts, since that? She gets. Ellen owns the Roadhouse across town, this small, rundown, cozy-as-fuck bar Dean once worked at to help put Sam through school. Meaning she knows small talk comes with the territory. Not that Dean's not genuinely asking.
For what it's worth, Dean is usually suave as fuck -- he's cool like ice, put that on his dating profile -- but he actually loses all functioning cognitive power as Cas's words register.
"Yeah, I can see that," Dean snarks. It gets him a side-eyed scowl just before Cas ducks into another aisle, down low this time where the bird's squeezed itself into the farthest corner of a bottom shelf, one full of fish tank accessories. They're all kind of dusty-looking, so Dean figures it must be the crap no one buys.
Room 201 is an upstairs room, which is a bitch on Dean's knees. There's an elevator, but Dean had taken one look at the ancient, rusted shaft and opted for the stairs.
Together they're able to find the doll and give it the burning it deserves. In a controlled fire, of course, inside one of those mini garbage cans, because Amelia would probably beat them senseless if she came home and her house was burnt down.
Technically Dean knows who Amelia is. The Dean who is of this timeline, anyway, which means the Dean who very much does
They've gone there once or twice on what Bobby's called 'vacations' but what Sam and Dean know as the ninth circle of hell. It's beautiful out there in the woods, but it's also the middle of nowhere, which means no cellphone reception, no internet, and no TV.
At Dean's temper nosediving, Cas comes back to himself a little, less wound up than he was a moment before. Dean reads his regret loud and clear, because he's giving it right back, but it's way too late for that.
The kindness he's being shown is staggering, and an attempt to distance himself from it only leads to Cas noticing Dean's face, close as it is.
When it all feels like too much, there's a sudden weight in his pocket that wasn't there before. His phone. He pulls it out, spots the decent battery life and available bars, and feels anchored by gratitude.
"Okay," he said, tugging at Cas to get up. It wasn't fair to have this conversation when Cas was three sheets to the wind and Dean was full-on sober. "You get it all out of you?"
It's not that Dean's the kind of guy who needs a hook to catch a date. With a face like his, he attracts girls plenty. It's just, the bar scene? Not really doing it for him the past couple of months, and he's not about to go sip some frou-frou coffee at Starbucks like those sad saps desperate for a girl to make eye contact with him.
, "we've got a weirdly temperamental AC unit, but mostly I blame that on this failure right here," she says, swatting at Sam with fondness, indicating he is the failure with a capital F.
Cas stares at him for a long beat, then he squints at the label on his bottle of beer. "My exact age is... difficult to fathom--"
Dean slots his hand beneath Cas's head, pulling them towards each other. He cards his fingers in Cas's hair, his heart slamming around, his breathing picking up.
"You left and then Cas came down and said he was leaving, and I said, 'because Dean's a jerk?' and he said he didn't think he was coming back here for a while--"
Eventually night turns into the early morning, only a few drunken stragglers still hanging around, and Dean decides to call it quits.
"Hey, grab your order, I'll swipe you a chair." To Lisa, he said, "Be right back," and hopped off his barstool to find a matching one for Cas.
The awesome thing about high school is that you can be a little bit gay without being all the way gay.
In the first chapter, when Sam said, "Sometimes people connect emotionally and it's just as satisfying as sex. Spoiler," it really WAS a spoiler. 🤯
He glowers, which confuses the hell out of Sam, and says, "Thank you," as tersely as humanly possible before nodding and whisking out of there.
"No," is the first thing Dean says. "This? You living at the friggin' gas station? It's not alright. It's bullshit--"
Cas goes from rigid and closed off, to light and openly beaming what feels like admiration and affection solely at Dean. If this place was a cartoon, there'd be actual drawn hearts in his eyes.
Sam mutters darkly under his breath. Dean's counting that as a win. For a while, he stirs the pasta and Sam kicks at the table legs, making a constant metallic thump-thump-thump rattle through the kitchen from the silverware that clatter on top.
Cas yanks away from Dean's balancing hold and almost faceplants again. Dean straight up laughs that time and Cas scowls. "Of course you find humor at my expense."
"Seriously?" She makes a face that implies Dean's the weirdo of the two. “So you're not here as an undercover agent? News reporter?” At Dean's straight-faced non-answer, she grumbles, "Dammit. Can't blame a girl for dreamin' big."
As far as compliments go, it’s hardly a rave review, but Dean feels a rush of warmth spread through him that sticks around.
Sam widens his eyes and facially communicates that Dean is a terrible human being and could he please stop embarrassing him?
At least until Cas sat his hands on the table in front of them and Dean caught sight of Cas' nervous habit of folding them into fists so his knuckles rested atop the wood. He was also staring at Dean with a shitload of worry.
It took Dean's brain a while to process that, probably out of self-preservation. But it clicked. Holy christ did it click. "Oh, god." Dean put his beer on the coffee table. "I'm gonna be sick." Head between his knees. That was the position they taught you to duck into when a nuclear disaster struck, right? And this had to be on par with at least a tornado drill.
Energized, or at least fully deluded, Dean wiggles the strip of paper out of his pocket and flattens it on the coffee table in front of him, next to his warming beer.
"Cas, c'mon," Dean called after him, sighing. It didn't stop him and eventually Dean was just standing there watching him go like some sad sack loser.
It is, single handedly, the hottest thing to ever happen to Dean, and he's browsed some truly fucked up internet porn. The sound alone is going to kill him; Cas must have a pretty slicked up grip on himself, because the wet drag is filling up the whole damn car.
Cas reaches down and grabs Dean's hand. Which isn't new. There was a phase after Cas' dad left where Dean was pretty much a physical anchor for Cas to keep hold of when he needed it, expert on 'deadbeat dads' that he is.
Dean does. Weird kid. Kind of nerdy and complained a whole hell of a lot. Still doesn't make any sense to Dean though. "Okay, so. What, he
Dean flopped to his back. He kicked off his covers, sighed a second, more woeful time, and dragged himself out of bed, snatching his pillow along the way.
Cas drops to his knees at the toilet and Dean thinks, with startling clarity, that now ain't really the time for praying. Then Cas pushes the back of Dean's knees towards the door and whisper-yells, "Go."
Which, and this goes without saying, it breaks Dean's brain for an entire three seconds before the lone brain cell still in commission cups its hands and shouts at him, 'CAS ATTACHED HIS MOUTH TO YOURS, IDIOT, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.'
Well. If the guy wants to be blunt about it. Dean types an affirmative with this weird, buoyant feeling in his stomach. Kinda like nervousness, but, you know. Different. Mainly because, if Castiel was a woman, this would definitely be along the lines of flirting. It's a weird thought to have.
Dean starts the car and lets the engine growl to life but they don't immediately go anywhere. The keys in the ignition sway and Nora's porch light flicks off. Careful not to jostle his hurt hand, Cas puts on his seatbelt, though he has no current desire to crash Dean's vehicle. At the Gas-n-Sip there are several 'click it or ticket' posters on the walls. Their instructions are clear enough.
The air is knocked out of Dean's lungs from the impact, but Dean is able to twist until he's got the knife pinned under the djinn's jaw, right against its pulse point.
"You gonna buy that or just read the whole thing here?" a burly man at the counter drawls, gesturing at the newspaper.
Time crawls from three after six to four after six; Dean's already swigged down two cups of coffee, more for liquid courage than energy. If anything, though, he's jittery and nervous.
"Yeah, after they look past the high school diploma and engine grease and... and I am whining like a little bitch, wow." Dean pitched forward again, hauling himself to the edge of the couch. He swiped his hand down his eyes, dead tired and it coming on all of a sudden. "Never mind."
"Dammit, Cas," Dean pleads, putting both his hands more firmly over the injury. Cas' pulse is weak under his palms, barely even there. "Come on!" he shouts. Cas blinks and tries to follow the sound of Dean's voice. "Cas! Hey, buddy, I'm right here. You gotta look at me, you gotta stay with me--"
"So," he says, just to say something. "You some kinda Suzie Homemaker now?" All that's missing is the apron. Which is not a visual Dean needed in his head, thank you.
He must be thinking that extra loud, because Cas pulls back. As far as he can, anyway, with Dean's hands still digging into his ass. "You didn't realize?"
Dean's catching the tone here--a little wistful, just this side of jealous. It has his attention zeroing in on Cas.
Sam shakes his head and huffs out, like a brat. "It's always the same with him. It is, Cas, and you know it. You
The shampoo on the bathtub ledge is in a small, convenient bottle. It smells the same when he opens it as the soap did, but it lathers into bubbles on top of his head so he doesn't mind the slightly sour fragrance.
Sam hung back at the motel, choosing solitude over the nightlife. That’s fine. He’d probably be riding some moral high horse right now anyway.
"Whatever this summer was, Cas," he says, his voice cracking, "whatever happened, you gotta know you're my best friend. Whatever else there was, there's always, always, gonna be that. I kinda need that from you."
Dean startles, then plays it cool by darting away from the window where, FYI, nothing weird or creepy was going down. Just, you know, normal gazing. People do it all the time.
Cas realized Dean was having this epiphany as soon as he finished having it. His eyes blew wide open in panic.
"How shut down?" Dean asks, because the worse shape the building's in, the higher their chance for success.
"Hi! Hello there," someone greets him, chirpy-sounding. It's the kind of perky you can't fake either. When Dean manages to take his eyes off a nearby crate full of overactive puppies -- god, what has he gotten himself into, this is something out of his nightmares -- he sees a small, pretty, blonde-haired woman behind the counter. She's twenty, twenty-five maybe. His mind automatically leers out a
"Clarence," she greeted Cas with, all sultry smiles and an intentionally honeyed voice. Her gaze landed on Dean after and she dropped every fake-nice thing about her. "Jughead."
This, Dean realizes, is Bobby playing the role of 'concerned parent,' and for all the ways he's appreciated Bobby stepping up after their dad left, he's still uncomfortable when it comes to expressing his emotions in front of the guy. It, at least, is something John Winchester taught him he still hasn't found a way to grow out of yet. Not like his dad's leather coat he wore for a year or two of blind hero worship before he realized, hey, John Winchester? Kind of an outstanding prick.
"We'll find them," Cas vows, and the way he's looking intensely at Dean probably means he's picking up on Dean's guilt.
"You're not my real brother," Sam tells him, leaning in to whisper this privately, "but I like you. I," he emphasizes, patting Dean's face, "like you."
Dean wraps his fingers around his own beer, rubbing at the condensation. The wedding ring makes a soft clanking sound against it. He laughs, rocky and awkward, his mind in a no-man's-land of blankness. The kicker is, the woman's stupidly attractive and so Dean's type, it kinda hurts. Any other time, he'd be more appreciative of her skin tight jeans and too-short tank top. She hounded on them only minutes after they ordered a drink and hasn't let up since, and the aggressive way she's been demanding their life history makes Dean think she's after them for a little two-d-one-v bedroom action.
Charlie spots him the second they make it past the first wave of door huddlers, honing in on him like a shark picking up the fresh scent of blood.
"Is it Sam?" Dean says nothing, so Bobby takes his silence as affirmation. More than that, he assumes Dean's nursing wounded feelings, which makes him go all soft in front of him. "You can talk to me, Dean. I'm on your side."
"Oh, I meant Tolk," Dean snarks, staring down at the little fluff ball with a 'back me up here' glance that she in no way reciprocates.
"Wait," Dean says, breaking away. Cas takes that as an invitation to suck at Dean's neck and seriously, how is this his life right now? "Cas, hey. Hold up."
"Still a no, though," Dean says, hitting him with an empty smile that bares his teeth. Then, "Where the hell'd you even get the damn things?"
Cas finally glances down at him. He has to look past his own shoulder, since Dean's burrowed so far down. "You don't make me uncomfortable, Dean."
Cas starts to breathe real fast, then he makes a startled noise and stills. "Dean," he warns, pushing Dean away, and Dean only just pulls off when Cas starts to come.
That is the main motivating factor that gets Dean to officially become a second level dweller. The bedroom is upstairs -- his bedroom; future-his, whatever -- and even though moving into it feels like a concession, like that's it, Dean's giving up, this is his new life now (no) his back doth protest another night on what might be the world's shittiest piece of furniture.
"Son of a..." Dean mutters under his breath, and he's about to get a little less nice when she seems to catch on that this is important and starts providing info.
"Hey," Dean called out, eyes on him. He was still settled into the him-shaped groove the couch boasted, the very same one he'd spent years and a shit ton of movie marathons crafting. "You're home early."
Dean scrambled eggs at the stove while Cas, looking like death, stood in front of the fridge wearing his boxers, one of Dean's ratty old band t-shirts, and a flannel robe. The bright light from the bulb inside made him glare. Even just standing must've been a bitch, because Cas was starting to sway.
Dean scoffed. And then he scoffed again when he realized she was dead serious. "Okay. Well, means a lot, coming from you."
"Can it," Dean orders him. "And get your scrawny ass inside already. And you," he says to Cas, who is staring at him in that creepy soul-scan way of his, "in the car. We're going."
There's a phantom feeling, too, of beard stubble and chapped lips that's messing with him, that he has to forcefully not think about.
When he wakes the next morning, feeling every inch of hungover, there are a bunch of texts from Charlie that basically amount to 'you're the cutest drunk ever, why wasn't I invited?' and one from Lisa that makes dread curl in his stomach like a living thing, with knives.
"You say that now," Dean says, self-deprecation kicking in. He didn't even mean for it to come out. It's not the point, it's definitely not part of the script.
"Shut up," he tells him, pressing almost punishingly to staunch the blood flow. Cas' mouth falls open, only no sound comes out. Dean snaps at him anyway. "Stow it, I'm serious. Shut the hell up."
"No, because me and Cas? We're friends. Just friends, we don't have any of that--" He gestures between Dean and Cas, frowning like he has a bad taste in his mouth, "weird sexual tension, like--"
He slid down next to Cas, sitting on the floor with the sink cabinet behind him. They were facing opposite directions, which made it easy for him to clasp Cas's neck with the intent of offering comfort.
Sam goes, "Ouch," in a tone that's got absolutely zero validity to it, though he still drops it like he's been stung.
"Hey, so, me and Kev?" Sam says, and he's looking at them both with his eyebrows raised real high, acting like he's not wound up tight from being excluded. "We got a lead on Abaddon, we think. You guys feel like joining us out there?"
Cas takes a bite of pineapple, leaving its neighboring slices of cantaloupe alone, still squinting at whatever's written back there.
"I guess," Christine says, sounding worried that she might've let a couple unhinged psychos into her house. "I mean, yeah. Yes. Right before, actually. He kept waking up in the middle of the night and freaking out, saying he saw someone in the room with us? An old lady or something? But it wasn't anything, just... stress, I think. Listen," she says abruptly, "I have to get back to packing up some stuff..."
There are ten more seconds of silence, then a sigh. Without further instruction, the front door opens and closes.
Cas lifts his hips off the edge of the bed. A low, needy noise catches in the back of his throat, and Dean can't remember the last time he was this turned on. Dean wants to touch him. God, he really wants to touch him.
feels wrong exactly, only that it does. "Who are you?" he demands once more, only because it feels like solid ground.
A week later Dean's in Montana, tackling Sam in Rufus' cabin. Right off the bat he runs them through the tests. Demon, leviathan, shifter. Sam passes them all and asks, after, about Purgatory, about Cas.
"Dean, the only thing you're worse at than flirting is lying, and right now, you've got wood growing in more places than your pants, Pinocchio."
Cas shrugs some, like it's of no real relevance to him. It's a weird thing to see on him. It might be because he's not wearing the coat, so the whole gesture happens much more noticeably, or maybe it's just that it's so
Cas' wallet, when Dean says to hell with it and peeks inside, is full of scraps of paper, all of them scribbled on. He thinks it fondly, but he thinks it all the same: dude is such a hoarder. Dean pulls one out. All it says is
Sam's huffy exhale lets Dean know he's unimpressed, but rather than publicly squabbling, he says, "What'll it be today, Cas?" while Dean goes to make sure the self-serve station isn't running low.
"I can't talk yet. I need--" Cas eyeballs Dean's coffee. The sight alone seems to serve as some sorta secondhand caffeination. It's like instant rejuvenation. He says, "Just a second," and makes like a tree for the ridiculously long line, behind a guy wearing a jean jacket vest over flannel--and not ironically. Gross.
Sam furrows his brow, like he's already noticed the male/female pattern, but Cas is straight up frowning. "There has never been any Steve."
That... is all levels of wrong. Like, every part of it. It's so wrong he foregoes texting and hits 'call' instead.
He's also dressed in a long tan trenchcoat like some kinda park bench creeper, wearing a name tag underneath that reads "CAS" and, below that, though Dean can only make out half of it, "MANAGER." There's no apron.
"I would do anything for you," Cas admitted, and it was said with so much brutal honesty, Dean knew it was true. Didn't mean it wasn't being vocalized through drunk-filter. Dean had said a lot of dumb shit himself while under the influence of his friend Jose Cuervo.
"Ancient history," Dean cuts in quick, wondering, crazily, if this is where Cas thinks Dean's rejection is coming from. He glances up at him, but it's too dark to make out his expression. "Seriously. Water under the bridge."
He falls back against the cushions, heavy and exhausted and done. Just, completely finished. "I am so damn tired of having this conversation," he tells him, hoarse. Harsh. "You're sorry, and I'm sorry. Everyone's sorry. And the blame," he says, laughing that out, though it's humorless. "God, I love that."
strip of paper, with that godawful chicken scratch. Cas's phone number. He'd taken it out of his wallet only seconds before, while Cas was distracted.
"Do I look stupid to you?" Ellen demands, staring him down, daring him to answer that any way but right. Benny whistles lowly and moves up the bar, leaving Dean to fend for himself. Smart man.
The problem is, Dean can feel Cas' dick against his ass, just nudging there casually, no big deal. Which is obviously the point, only any time -- every time -- Cas breathes out, chest expanding, he rocks forward, just a little, and there's a wet, insistent slide that stresses Dean out all over again.
Into his tablet, Sam signs and says, “I gotta go. See you later?” Eileen signs something back that makes Sam flush—makes Dean wag his eyebrows at Cas in teasing—and then he hangs up.
With a sigh, Dean peels himself off the chair in the library he's been hiding out in. The closer he gets to the kitchen, and to the garage, the louder the radio gets.
"You got a little--" Dean gestures like there's something on his face, and when Sam goes to dab at it, Dean swipes him upside the head.
"Seriously, it took steel balls to drop digits to a stud like me at a Martha Stewart wet dream like that, so. You know. 'Least I can do is pony up."
Cas likes the diners they eat at. The kind where you get a booth in the back and the music from a jukebox loops overhead. Padded seatings and sticky table tops. Burgers, fries, pie, and all the clogged arteries a guy could want.
And then they were kissing right there in the kitchen, so enthusiastic that their poor table was being pushed around from the clumsy, frantic way they were grappling at one another.
Dean throws his arm around Sam's shoulder and guides them back out of the room, right out of this no-good scene straight from a chick-flick. "Yeah, let's talk about that car I saw you drive up in. You mind explaining that to me?"
True, this one isn't as nice as what was in the bunker, but it beats having to wipe himself down with the wetted, poorly made paper towels they keep stocked at the Gas-n-Sip. The human body, he's come to find out, never stays clean for long.
He stands, feeling guilty enough to hand over his beer. Sam reaches for it with a smile, looking pretty damn pleased with himself like Dean being charitable is the result of his shaming, so Dean yanks it away just before Sam can get to it.
Cas makes a noise that might as well have been mouthed directly against Dean's dick for the way it starts twitching. There's no denial when Cas grinds down and says, "Yes."
"Isn't it?" Sam agrees with her. He sticks out his own hand and uses it to grasp Dean on the shoulder for an overly affectionate shake. Dean might actually punch him. "It's so nice to see their love so openly accepted."
"Right," Dean gives back gruffly. What does he even care—Cas, Castiel. All the same, he's henceforth forever known as Dean's Dick Boss, so Castiel and his prissy ass pretentiousness can shove it.
"Hey, so. I think we have a case on our hands," Sam comes right out with one afternoon, clicking open his laptop at their kitchen table. It whirs up happily. "Uh, a restless spirit?" He at least has the decency to sound sheepish about it. That's because ghosts are chores, boring ones at that, but, hell, Dean hasn't put his knife through something's throat in weeks; chore or not, he wants in.
Dean retreats, but not without stealing a whiff. Good ol' apple pie. God bless the union that is Sam and Amelia, seriously. Amelia is good people. Here is undoubted proof.
He joins Sam at the couch and cuffs his hand around his neck. Sam is so freaking small. Dean forgets that sometimes.
And then, being a giant fail of a little brother, he locks his prissy gaze on Dean's with the intent of shaming him. Which, please. Good luck. While born with one, Dean's shame gland has pretty much deteriorated into nada.
"At least there is no Glenn Close," Cas says, and he does it by leaning in and phrasing it extra carefully, just so Dean catches the reference. Like he'd ever miss it.
Then he looks around and notices how bare Cas' room is. The posters he remembers Cas having on the wall are gone. The bookshelf beside his closet, the one Dean and Cas had painted red and black because they thought it'd look cool only now it's chipped and peeling, is emptied out.
The motel room door swings shut behind him and Cas is, again, left alone. He eyes the pizza. Both of the bottles of beer on the night stand that Dean's already opened, one that he drank from. The bed, too, where there's still a slight dent from Dean's weight.
Cas glances around the diner -- it's sparsely filled, just them and a few other patrons; the waitresses are back behind the counter, circled in a ring of gossip, while music filters out of overhead speakers, this constant, upbeat 1950's loop -- before he braces all his weight on the table, leaning in, his tea and donut (seriously) bracketed between his forearms. He traps Dean in a strong gaze.
Wind whips around him, fast and so loud he can barely hear himself think over it. Right in front of them the portal is a big, bright, glowing tear in the universe.
Something catches her eye and she perks. "Oh, paying customer! Sorry, young Padawan, you're on your own."
Sam is squatting now, lining the hammer up with a nail pressed into the railing. At the sight of Cas, he smiles real big. "Hey."
Cas is upstairs in his room flicking through dresser drawers, in one hell of a bad mood. Dean hangs back in the doorway and doesn't get acknowledged, even as he dips his weight forward and claps his hands together, once.
It's actually more like a couple hundred seconds later, but after Dean pulls on his pants he'd left earlier on the floor, shrugs into a hoodie, and creeps his way downstairs careful to not alert the yapping watch dog that is his tattletale little brother, he meets Cas where he's waiting for him out in the middle of the salvage yard.
A statement, not a question. It raises some red flags. More than a few; a whole slew of them hoist inside of him like some kind of ceremonial warning.
"Oh, but you are." Flicking the book shut in front of him -- he doesn't even know why he's bothering with it, it's all demon lore, it's 100% useless right now -- Dean folds his arms over his chest and unleashes some big brother wisdom. "Gates of Hell all locked up. Nothing to hunt but ghosts, and, hell, most times that's a salt-and-burn that goes down easy. You're bored out of your mind here."
"Cas. I know, I'm sorry." And he was. Guilt, that fun and crippling self-hatred, fear that he was a screwup who'd lose everything and everyone; it hit all at once, making him feel flushed with shame. "I wasn't thinking."
"He was a short, nerdy little dude," Dean blusters unconvincingly. Truthfully, all he really remembers of Castiel is his eyes. They were pretty intense. Then again, that was probably those freaking tea lights.
Before his first bite, Cas asks, "So, what are your plans for the holidays? Is your family here?" and it's unassuming enough—it’s downright conversational--but right away Sam meets Dean's eyes, discomfort passing between them both.
"I can't stop by and say hi?" he sasses. It might've been a more resounding argument if Dean hadn't immediately ended it by jerking out of the way when the bird Cas is after takes off in his direction. It zips right past him, this blur of blue and yellow feathers, and lands two shelves over with a smugly given chirp. Cas sighs at Dean like Dean himself is personally responsible for it.
From across the diner, one of the waitresses notices and sends Dean a smile that so blatantly says 'aww, aren't you two the cutest homos around,' it's pure instinct for him to elbow Cas and gripe, "Other side, man."
Sam, like a godsend, calls out, "Chai's ready," and that works to diffuse the moment that, great, Dean's having in front of everyone like this is some sort of domestic spat. No way Ellen's not watching like a hawk, making some mental note to pass the gossip to Bobby.
"But not impossible," Sam argues. To Dean, he says, "We've been here before. Remember? Michigan?" Lisa. Right. Awesome reminder. Sam pins him with some seriously dewy eyes. "We're better fighting these things together, you know that."
Cas, though, by way of sobriety, somehow keeps them upright. Though there is a lengthy delay in their upwards trek when Dean, impressed by all the heroics, shoves Cas against the wall, pins him there at a slight angle, and kisses him until both their dicks are standing fully salute.
Dean huffs out fondly. Man, dysfunctional family dynamics aren't something to get sentimental about, yet here Dean is, standing up and leaning over to kiss the top of Ellen's head.
There are footsteps, then, and then the sound of rustling fabric, a door creaking open and closing. Keys jingle. Followed up with an oppressive silence as Dean feels the air settle around him in a way that means he's completely alone. He lets out a breath, this moody, melancholy thing, only to turn around and practically drop into a dead faint.
' is a 'she,' and yes," he coos, actually friggin' coos in his gravelly robot voice, at it, "you are, aren't you? You're very cute." Straightening to lean over to Dean, he very earnestly confides, "She doesn't actually understand compliments."
"Hey, cool it," Dean warns Bobby, who, depending on the day, is either the nicest or meanest son-of-a-bitch you'll ever meet. "Don't make me call Ellen."
Dean steps forward, and then again, until they’re basically toe-to-toe. Following an instinct, he reaches out and wraps his fingers around Cas's wrist.
Sam blows out a breath that's supposed to let Dean know he's feeling repressed, dumping his pile of rocks near one of the rear wheels that's gone flat. Cas, leaning against the sun-warmed car beside Dean, smiles at the brother's banter.
Dean breaks out of Cas' lazy hold and twists to his back as far away as he can manage, glaring at him in the dark. "You insane right now?" he says and only just remembers to keep his voice low.
It takes everything in him to not push Sam away. Dean's got his guard down, and usually when that happens, he gets screwed over. Every time. But he tames the urge to fight back and only grunts out, "Yeah, what?"
