And now they were home again. Eurus hopefully bundled up in chilly Glasgow, and he and Sherlock at 221B, where they belonged. The fire crackled merrily, as if to remind him how good they had it. Not that he needed reminding.
“Finally, it gets interesting,” Sherlock murmured.
“Because they wanted you, and anyone or anything wanted by them … Nothing good comes of it.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Teleportation?”
“Or if it’s …”
This is the creepiest chapter in the story. If you’re a wimp like me, maybe read this during the day time. ;) If you make it past this chapter, it goes more into conspiracy territory rather than horror. Much safer.
one in my field, John,” Sherlock said with a sniff. The way he straightened his shoulders told John he accepted the apology and was back to his usual arsehole form.
“Huh?”
“He was unwilling to proceed.”
“Did you know what the sound was?” John asked.
“I’ve never been skilled at interacting with people. I had my siblings when we were young, and that’s all I ever wanted. Then there was Victor … and that was flattering and wonderful, until he was torn from me.” Sherlock huffed. “Then after I’d finally got over that and you came along, I thought maybe … But then I found out that Victor was a lie. And I wondered if you–” John opened his mouth to retort, but Sherlock put a hand on his shoulder to stop him. He sniffed and continued, voice a little husky. “But somehow, I know. This is real. You’re real. And for some reason, you think I’m worth it. It’s flattering … but it’s also just very comfortable. I can be myself and not worry that you’ll leave in a huff and never come back. Instead, you’ll leave in a huff
John had known it was coming. But that didn’t mean he was ready for it to begin.
John looked over at his friend, eyes wide is disbelief. “Sherlock, a woman is
Sherlock held out his hand, so John tossed his mobile the short distance between their chairs. Things had been fairly calm between them since they’d discussed their friendship a few days before. There was still some tension as Sherlock continued to avoid even mentioning the Order of the Cenophus, the Unsound, or anything even tangentially related to either. John had kept his latest research and the correspondence with Eurus on the DL—not lying, but not mentioning it to him either. They needed some peace right now. He had a feeling it was the calm before the storm. Which might be ending, now that Simon had asked to meet.
The tension in the lines of Sherlock’s back relaxed a little. “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock’s gaze met John’s, and he slowed his movements. “Right. Of course. Yes.”
His fake ominous tone made Sherlock roll his eyes. “A case from a couple of months ago—another reason to not go over it again so soon.” John just smiled innocently, so Sherlock continued with a long-suffering sigh.
“If you can pay for help, why do you need a flatmate?”
“Do you have no idea what this video is about?” Sherlock asked with a glare.
“He’s attached some scans of what looks like music composition? He also says to look into an Alexander Scriabin.” He looked up to see Sherlock refilling his tea cup. “Oh. Thanks.”
“Hi, Sammy. I’m Mr. Watson and this is Mr. Holmes. Can we ask you a few questions?”
“Hmmm. A way of organizing his world, perhaps. An attempt to bring logic by numbers to a world that doesn’t make sense,” Sherlock muttered, his eyes darting back and forth across the pictures.
me at the diner and asked to meet up.”
“Victor told us very vague things that would easily fit into many evil plots. Eurus’s research is faulty because she’s working backwards. She will see connections where none exist.”
“Have you been able to figure out why?”
“What did Torres say when you explained this to him?”
They went their separate ways, John and Sherlock to their car, Simon off to wherever he’d come from.
“Not just music, “Eurus said with a smile. “Violin music. When Sherlock asked for lessons, I did too. I wanted to be like my big brother. We used to compose together. Nothing fancy. Just little ditties like children tend to sing. Then I found writing, and I realized it was more of a comfort to me, so I put down my bow and picked up a pen instead. It’s been ages, but I remember a thing or two. There’s something about this song …”
“And there was nothing? No warning signs he wanted to leave his life? No clues showing that someone kidnapped him? Nothing? I don’t understand. You’re …
“But I’m messy and loud, and I throw tantrums–”
what you do. You research and explore the insane stories people come up with and prove them wrong. This is exactly the sort of thing you usually run
“The place with the cave paintings I showed you pictures of. The ones that looked like a battle or ceremony?” It was nice being the knowledgeable one for once. He tried not to let it go to his head.
John shook his head, his mind scrambling to come up with an alternative answer to his actual thoughts. “Do you think we can do it?”
CW: kidnapping (very vague, and the child is found quickly)
John was contemplating leaving the house again when the noise stopped. He sighed in relief and went to make some tea. The tea earlier had done no good to wake him up. Though he was still annoyed, he put out a cup for his irritating flatmate as well.
, and what we’re going to do about him.”
“And yet Trent is claiming it was Simon who attacked him?” Sherlock prompted. His plate was half empty, proving that he too was not bothered by the not-normal dinner chat.
After a few weeks, they begin spending two nights a week at Baker Street. Toys have migrated from Chiswick to Baker Street, as have clothes. The flat is always clean now, but just as warm and homey as it’s always felt to John. John thinks he sees sadness on Sherlock when they leave the flat and happiness when they arrive, but he’s still not great at reading his friend. It could just be that Sherlock’s as lonely and bored as John is, nothing more.
“What is it?” he asked as the video turned to black.
“Yeah, why not? We’re here, we’re not doing anything.
John’s sound guy finally got back to him, saying the wailing was definitely organic, but also most likely not a cat, or any other animal he knew of. But it was a singing or calling of some sort, similar to that of a cat.
Sherlock’s eyes darted from his study of the photos to John’s face. “Without provocation?”
“Only if you want your usual drivel replaced by hard scientific fact.” Sherlock hummed, looking thoughtful. “Actually …”
die, too? I can’t do this without you. I don’t want to do
The “yes” leaves John’s lips, but he has no air to fully push the word out. He clears his throat, nods, and tries again. “Yes, we– we’ll move back–” but the air leaves his sails before he can finish. Space. There’s not enough. “There’s not enough.”
“A few times a month?” Eurus shrugged.
“And your assistant? When did they first listen to it?”
“So you were told. Or, more accurately, it was something you inferred.”
“Geometry alone won’t open the doors. You need conduits, life willingly given.”
John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock still looked desperate. It was a lot to take in, but after everything he’d seen in the past few months, it wasn’t that much of a surprise.
“You don’t believe me?”
“Then I’ll be dead, John, and the cause of it will have had nothing to do with the Unsound.”
John was glad he was positioning things on the tray, or he would’ve given himself away by glancing at Sherlock. “Experiment.” He picked up the tray and headed for the sitting room.
. There are no cave paintings there that I’m aware of, but when I did a search for significant caves in the UK, this is what came out, so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ why not.
“I don’t know that I’d call Sherlock sweet.”
“So you called Sherlock?”
John leaned back and closed his eyes. Sherlock had been off lately. Distracted, muttering odd things under his breath, spending all his time in his room. John should be happy he’d come out long enough to have an argument, not to mention the fact that he’d argued at all. The few times he’d left his room the past few days, he’d barely said anything, a few grunts at most. He’d looked sleep deprived, and twice John had found him staring into space. John wasn’t sleeping well either, and he wondered if Sherlock’s mood was affecting him.
“Well, that was …”
“So opposite wall … means an opposite purpose? Keep the spirits in?” John concluded.
He was right, John realized. Him keeping quiet about a sister fit perfectly with Sherlock’s modus operandi. “Is that a family trait or just a Sherlock trait?” he asked.
“Right. Right. Yeah, if that’s okay with you, I would like to call her, get her side of the story.”
“That’s a given. What was the one specific condition for this particular visit?”
“I was meant to be only one part of the portal opening. They wanted me there physically, but that doesn’t mean they gave me a full write-up of their plans.”
“Find them. Shut them down,” Sherlock replied.
John shifted in his seat. He didn’t remember anyone talking about demons having ruled the earth before. “Again?”
“I’m not– I didn’t–” Sherlock’s eyes were wide with panic.
“And like I said, I’ll put up with that shit because you’re also brilliant and you help the police for free and take charity cases that don’t really have anything to do with the paranormal. You dote on Mrs. Hudson, and you’re trying to be nicer to Molly. You play the violin when I can’t sleep. You force me to view the world through a different lens and challenge me to think deeper. You’re amazing, and I’m proud I have you as my best friend.”
John refrained (barely) from rolling his eyes. “Isn’t the truth more important than having another ghost story to tell? You’re an investigator, right? Going along with the ghost story rather than actually looking into the facts would be like if I wrote an article about possible leaks in the government without looking into whether they were true, just because it would put more eyes on my page. My job isn’t about sensationalism, it’s about getting the truth out to the public.”
“More atonal than minor. Dissonant. He also gave his works names like ‘The Satanic Poem’ and ‘Black Mass.’”
John returned home one afternoon from one of his excursions to find Sherlock alone in the sitting room, composing again. Without much else to keep him busy, music occupied much of his time those days. John settled into his chair with his computer in hopes of churning out one last post. Halloween was two days away, making Bath three days out. They were all antsy. He procrastinated by checking Facebook and both Sherlock’s and his email accounts. These days he mostly used his work account, he but kept the personal one for family and former colleagues to keep in touch. Not that anyone ever did, because John was shit about replying, so the concerned emails from work mates had slowly tapered off. Other than junk mail, there was a single new message from an unknown address. He clicked it open.
“People from an alternate universe? Aliens? Demons? I don’t know. But they were creepy as fuck.”
The paranormal community hates him. He isn’t even polite or gracious in his explanations. He’s rude, conceited, egocentric. Not only that, but he somehow knows things about people at a glance, so he tears apart their personal lives while debunking their mysteries.
They arrived at Nether Edge Hospital by mid-afternoon, which apparently was enough time for Sherlock to “brush up” on his ancient Sumerian, numerology, and Babylonian myths and gods. This did not surprise John after several months of living with the genius.
“Oh, yeah? I thought Mycroft would keep her locked away for a month trying to get the full story out of her.”
“What?” Wolfgang asked with a frown. “That’s illegal. I can’t–”
to forget, if he was to get on with living his new, dull existence. He tried to gloss over it.
“I need doorways. They are the best way to achieve that.”
worth it.”
“You did? How?”
“But you’ve been in touch this week.
“Weakening of the veil.”
“You swear you’ve listened to it?”
“We can share a cab out,” Sherlock offered as they stood awkwardly on the pavement after. “I’ll pay.”
“Yes, the apocalyptic event, letting hell’s inhabitants in.” He didn’t sound as sardonic has he had when speaking of it in the past.
.” He rolled his eyes at the pronouncement but then squinted at John before raising his eyebrows in surprise. “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“We’ll do our best, Trent.”
of TBT.
“A ridiculous waste of time.”
a note.”
John sighed. “If you say so.”
“Right.” John took a bite of his curry, trying to decide which details would most intrigue his friend. “So yeah, the defense claimed there was no way he could have murdered them—no blood on his clothes, he was too young to be able to plan out a murder, he killed them both in their sleep, but his father—killed first—should have made enough noise to wake the mother before he died. The final ruling was criminal insanity, and he was placed in a psychiatric hospital.”
“Sam– Holy shit. When?”
“The men?”
Sherlock failed to hide a small smile. John winked at him.
John looked at him in concern. He looked like he had more to say. “What is it, Sherlock?”
“Shit, no.” If they’d made it that far into the ritual, according to Simon’s final, secret email to him, then fixing the symbol was useless. There was only one thing left to do. He swept his gaze to Sherlock, still fighting against his attacker (and winning?).
“Just said to ask about it … or them. I took the liberty of checking your scarlet files. There’s one labeled Eurus. I didn’t read it or watch the DVD. I’m giving you a chance to tell me first. But I
John smiled. “Yeah. Those other investigators don’t have a thing on you.”
“Nooo,” John replies to the non-sequitur. He’s not sure what Sherlock is getting at.
having the dreams?” Simon’s gaze sharpened. “You weren’t on their list.” He rubbed his temples. “No previous visions when you were a child?”
By mutual tacit agreement, John stood at the entrance of the small cave, his focus split between the entrance—in case of evil lackeys trying to block them in—and Simon and Sherlock at the back of the cave—in case of evil Simon.
“Even then.”
“The two of us against the rest of the world,” John whispered.
“What are you doing?”
The violin cut off and Sherlock whirled around. “Oh, you’re back.” His face was a combination of happiness and … was that relief? Why was he relieved? “I thought–” He cut himself off when he caught sight of Eurus. “What is
“What?”
“Shit. It’s following him?” John gripped the back of Sherlock’s chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bobby is Robert.”
“‘Course. Yeah, I’ll go with you.”
Their two years living together were normal until a few weeks before the end, when Black started leaving the flat after midnight. Being outside the usual routine, his flatmate finally followed him one night when he happened to come home just as Black was leaving. Black walked through a bit of woods and into a field, where his flatmate had lost him. The next morning, there was a note from Black saying he was leaving and would send people to collect his things later. The flatmate never saw him again.
“Where from?”
“Only the power we give them.”
John liked to think he was a good journalist, good at investigating the myriad details in a story. So it was with some surprise that he realized he’d missed a dramatic era of Sherlock’s life. The mysterious text from a private number led him down a bit of a rabbit hole of surprise and confusion. And, because it was Sherlock Holmes, mystery.
Eurus beamed at him. “Deal. Let’s go see Big Brother Number Two.”
“There’s more,” Sherlock replied as a new scene popped up on the screen.
“What about it? What are we going to do? How are we going to stop it?”
The subject: the paranormal. Things that go bump in the night or appear in mirrors when you chant their name. As a horror film fan, I wasn’t completely annoyed with the topic of my first article. At least it wasn’t the world’s largest pizza. I interviewed the three paranormal investigators picked to be the focus of the article and quickly noticed a theme.
(See the end of the chapter for
was the mad one) to himself. “May I see your drawings?”
“Any ideas?” John asked, closing up the bag and nodding toward the stairs. Sherlock led them down.
Sherlock scanned the brief email, which stated only a time and place to meet—Sofia, Bulgaria, two days hence. He sighed and chucked the phone across the room and onto the sofa.
“I first heard about it when my assistant mentioned it a few years back, but didn’t look into it until Dabic asked me to. It has different names: Diabolica Lyricasis, The Devil’s Note, The Hum. The most common myth surrounding it is that the Unsound summons or invites a demon into the world. Others say the Unsound is a musical note that was created by Lucifer as he fell, one that God can’t hear. There were also rumors of it being a creation of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, some thought it was the Freemasons, most claim some affiliation with Aleister Crowley himself.”
“Berk.”
“What’s this have to do with the paranormal?” Sherlock asked, eyes narrowed and meal ignored.
It was another home video, but this time of a wedding. It looked much newer than the birthday party, perhaps from the last few years. John searched the screen, knowing what he was looking for now. It took a bit, but he eventually found it. He pointed to the area by the organist. It was the same shape as the first: long, thin, possibly wearing a hat. With the better video quality, he swore he could make out long fingers this time, so long they’d be the length of an adult’s forearm. Just seeing the shadow gave him chill bumps. It looked … wrong.
“Just for half an hour. Please? It’ll really help my research.”
"I'm making breakfast. There is nothing remotely sexy about fruit and yoghurt in a blender," Sherlock said, sounding bored.
“Also seems a bit backwards to be undressing me
“Mm?”
John caught up to him just outside the Three Broomsticks. He licked his lips and tried to catch his breath, panting quietly behind the other man for a moment before setting himself upright. When Sherlock pushed open the door, John followed. Even though the inn was crowded with an evening rush, they were greeted and sat immediately at a table that faced out to the calmer street outside.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle again, holding him in place for a long moment, face pressed into the space between his shoulders. He wheezed there for a long moment, trying to get his breath back but finding that he mostly just wanted to curl up inside the other man and stay there for as long as he'd have him.
Swallowing hard, John stood, pushing his jeans lower until they were closer to his knees than his waist. He took his cock in hand and closed his eyes in a mixture of embarrassment, apprehension, and anticipation as he pushed himself through the hole and into the other man's video booth.
, supplied a little voice in John's head. If the doctor was already looking for problems, it couldn't be a good sign. Maybe his age really was against him in this. High-risk.
“Bruises fade, John. And even if one of us were an omega, there’s always the risk of moments of discomfort in heat.” Sherlock stepped closer, daring to breathe in the scent of John’s aroused curiosity. “You agreed that if I found a way for this to happen, you would move forward with this relationship. Perhaps you didn’t think my endeavor would be successful, or that I’d grow bored, but believe me when I say that I was determined to find a way to keep you here, John. You are vital to my work, and I doubt you could ignore the way my most basic biology reacts to your presence in these last few months.”
Knowing that he won’t continue to tug at the tie, I trace my hand down the arm of his suit, feeling the wrinkles from wear at his elbow and the sharp creases that remain from when he cursed under his breath while ironing it this morning. I’d been in a sulk on the couch as he prepared to leave, awaiting the hateful day that stood in front of me like a vast, dry desert—but it brought me to this. I imagine that I can feel every thread of fabric woven into this suit, and then I wonder what it would feel like pressed up against my naked skin.
When there was no answer, he didn’t knock again, but he tested the knob. When Sherlock truly didn’t want to be disturbed, he tended to lock the door, or at least put something heavy in front of it to let John know not to come in. But there he was, spread out in the center of the bed, eyes closed, still wearing his suit.
“Do you want to have lunch and then we’ll think about it later?” John asks from where he’s sat in his chair. He’d been sitting on the floor until Hamish told him to stop bothering him.
One hand comes up to tug at his tie, loosening it with intent to remove, but I’m there in an instant.
“Honestly, John,” the detective said, dropping the marker onto the table after capping it roughly. “Do you pay no attention to popular culture?”
"Right. Shall I just tell the portrait that you're not to be let in, even if you have a lucky guess of the password?"
They didn't talk about it.
Even after three years, he can’t bring himself to walk through it.
"You can talk, Johnny boy. Go ahead" John felt the shortest reprieve from the Curse, long enough to give a concise nod of his head to Sherlock, who looked considerably paler than he did on a normal day.
Steps followed the echoes, the soles of rich, dragon-hide shoes.
Finally, Sherlock's position mirrored what John had done to him earlier. Nose pressed to groin, John's fingers tightened in his curls and Sherlock relaxed his jaw. This was so much easier in dreams; the entire reason for false expectations in the light of day, but fuck all if it wasn't hot to feel the tip of that cock against the back of his throat.
“Simon is very smart. He can easily hack the system.”
Mrs. Hudson fluttered through another door, and John turned to watch her enter a kitchen.
Simon shook his head. “There are cells all over the world. You’d never find enough of them to make a difference.”
The children stood silent and calm where they were placed. One woman made a final symbol on the ground, then moved outside the circle. A single man remained inside the circle, and he began speaking in a booming voice.
. Now a victim has written a note!” Finding what he wanted, Sherlock rushed to the door while calling over his shoulder, “No time for tea, Mrs. Hudson. I’ll be out late. Perhaps some light refreshment when I return?”
Or had they been more? It was hard to say, the paper trail being thin. They were close enough to take a flat together for a year after they’d finished their degrees. They might have stayed together longer, but one day when they’d been on a trip to Brighton, Victor had disappeared. The story in the papers said Sherlock had gone into a pastry shop on the drive out, and when he’d returned, Victor was just … gone.
John got no new mysterious texts, and he was glad for it. He also found no new information on Victor. He’d even asked Mycroft, who had told him the same as what Sherlock had. He wouldn’t even confirm the exact nature of their relationship. So John put that investigation on the back burner and let himself delve into the cases he’d actually set out to write about.
John rubbed his brow. “I got a text.”
“They have many names,” he finally replied, looking back at Sherlock. “All you need to know is that dangerous people want you.”
Robert nodded.
John sighed. Sherlock really was going to kill him. “Half an hour. No more.”
“Sherlock, what’s going on?” John led him to the bed and sat beside him, handing him the sandwich he’d made.
who I am, who I’m supposed to be, and it
With a deep breath, John opened his eyes and focused back on his laptop.
“Does it actually look like a figure,” Sherlock contested, “or is that what you’re seeing because of the context?”
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed into John’s ear.
They finished their meal with more lighthearted chatter, Eurus talking about her writing and what had brought her to London. It was fun, talking with someone smart but less annoyed with humanity. He arrived home in a much better mood than he’d left it in. He was making tea when Sherlock strolled into the kitchen.
“Simple. The Order still wants Mr. Holmes here, despite his intractability and lack of training. Without him, they have a harder time of reaching their goal in time. Add on that he’s a genius and thus will strongly benefit whichever side he chooses, and the answer becomes obvious.”
“Then why did I get it from Keith?”
“Just coincidence?” taunted Robert.
“It was a test,” Sherlock said. “He was actually rather impressed with you.”
He tried calling Wendy back to let her know what he’d found so far but couldn’t get a hold of her. After a few days with no returned calls or emails, he tried calling again with no success. Tracking through social media (thanks to Sherlock) finally put him in touch with her sister, who said the Hochmans had been missing for several days, with police finding no clues to their whereabouts. With no way of getting in touch with Maddie, John called up an old colleague who lived in Cologne, not far from the Hochmans, and asked him to go knock on Maddie’s door to see if he could find anything.
Simon smiled. “That’s something I’m still working on. I’ve found some things in the Codex Gigas, rituals and prayers that might stop the ceremony from even happening, but I need to do more research first.”
“Those aren’t just numbers.” Simon taunted. The sound of someone moving quickly down the hall drew his attention to the door. “They’re coming to tell you about Trent.”
“I’m not picky. What are you doing?” Sherlock asked as John began re-extracting himself.
“And I’m sorry, for being so harsh. I do understand the sentiment after all. God, the times I saw my story subjects as some staged play rather than real people.” He shook his head, looked out the window, and rubbed a finger over his lips. “Some days I think that bullet was a blessing in disguise. I’d forgotten why I went into war correspondence in the first place. More than anything, I wanted to help, but somewhere along the way, I lost that. But now, thanks to you, I feel useful again. I feel like I’m doing good. Well, moments like this afternoon aside.” He turned to face Sherlock again now that the emotional stuff was done. “What do you think happened? That was not a woman committing suicide. I mean, the mess, the, the
For once, John agreed. They shouldn’t bring in any innocent people. It was dangerous enough as it was.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked. “One million pounds is a lot of money, and humans are highly susceptible to apophenia.”
John shrugged. “Not a lot. Just that when you were young, you claimed to see tall, dark men. He wanted to investigate, you made him believe he could see them too.”
“Do you remember the nightmare?”
“Patience. I’m getting there.” Sherlock settled deeper into his chair and sipped his tea.
“Mind if I get some sleep now?”
“Please don’t.”
“Yes! No. I don’t know.” John sighed. “I know it sounds mad, but it just seems like everything is converging right now.”
The door closed behind his roommate with a soft
“Anonymous text this morning.”
John smiled, thinking of Anderson’s complaining that brought him here to begin with.
Sherlock shut the microscope off and closed his notebook. “Nothing. It’s … nothing.” He stood up and looked around the flat. John followed his gaze, noting the place was as messy as it had been the last time.
Things grew even more tense, and John knew they’d have a hard time getting much more out of their interviewee. After a few more questions about further events and the Torres’ split, they ended the call.
“There is nothing paranormal about those shadows. Your wife chose to believe something else. It's a choice, I can't force her to believe me.”
“They'll want to come in.”
“You said the area was known for occult practices. It would make sense that the face we’ve seen before is a popular one around the world. There’s no connection!”
“Eurus. I can tell you’re quite taken with her. But I don’t want to listen about how she’s funnier and kinder and smarter and–”
Eurus rolled her eyes. “You should have seen him as a teenager. Summers home from school were terrible.”
“They’re not solved yet.”
“About as far-fetched as the cases that land on your desk. No one’s that good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a common theme amo–”
“All what?” Sherlock emphasized the final T, looking mutinous.
This week’s investigation comes from episode
John wanted to lean into Sherlock, to comfort him and show he was behind him, but he knew it would be seen as a sign of weakness by Simon, so he stayed put, hoping Sherlock knew he wasn’t alone.
Sherlock was flitting from wall to wall, pointing and muttering, snapping pictures as fast as he could. John joined him.
“Keep me safe?” Disbelief and anger warred for dominance on Sherlock’s face. “Why did I need to be kept safe?”
John processed what he’d just seen. The little girl—Eurus—reminded him of Sammy. Her gaze older than her years, knowing she was seeing something impossible and creepy, but not being frightened by it. She was matter of fact, calm. And there was the fact that she was seeing tall men, just like Sammy.
John let out a surprised hum. “Figured that out, did you.”
It’s another quiet evening in. They’d spent the day (all three) investigating a jewel robbery. Rosie drops off during her dinner and sleeps through her bath. Sherlock orders take-away while John takes care of Rosie, and now they sit on the sofa watching a nature program neither is paying attention to—John is stitching a tear in Rosie’s favorite toy while Sherlock reads up on leptospirosis (who knows why).
He thinks about it all the next day at work and that evening as he sits alone in his too quiet, too clean flat. He thinks about it the day after and the day after, home alone again, with no cases to pull him back to where he would much rather be.
In fact, this sort of thing happened at least once per week, generally after she'd had one argument or another with the fellow in the cafe downstairs. Sherlock always tried to stay out of it; didn't like influencing the dreams--the one place he never liked to meddle.
his cock was slipping between lips he could visualize so well.
"They're so touchingly loyal," Moriarty said, his face centimeters from John's when he turned. John could feel the man's breath on his face and pulled him away to one side, putting a distance there.
Let's not talk about how long it took me to write this.
Holmes--has more to give with his half of the genetics than any of you could hope to achieve with your own. He is brilliant--I saw it in the first ten seconds of meeting him, I’ve seen it every day after that. How all of you can stand around here and watch him work-- even now, while seven and a half months pregnant with
John just needed to come back.
, "Fuck!"
Letting his head fall back, John closed his eyes and focused on the sensation, keeping the image of Sherlock’s expression burned into his eyelids. He knew that if he looked back down, those eyes would still be digging deep into his own. Focusing on the wet heat and suction of Sherlock’s mouth was enough to be going on, for the moment.
It was strange to hear about the children of war heroes John had once walked the corridors with; fought alongside at the tender age of 13. So few of the third years had managed to stay behind for the Battle, and of those who had, very few had been lucky enough to make it out in one piece.
“Sherlock Holmes, is it that difficult to answer your bloody pho--Oh.” The silver-haired detective inspector was stopped in the doorway, staring at Sherlock, who was laying on the sofa with his dressing gown sliding half off of him. Even if it had been covering him, John was certain the silk silhouette wouldn’t have made one lick of difference, except to perhaps cover the deep purple lines that had formed on the consulting detective’s belly.
“Please,” he gasps into my mouth, thrusting up as much as he can to meet me, and I know he wants it harder, faster, rougher. I’m riding him leisurely now, slow enough that I can feel the tantalizing stretch every time my body comes close to releasing him. I’m memorizing the way his thighs tremble in his suit, how his shoulders feel when I wrap my arms around them, fully clothed and quaking. There’s sweat on the back of his neck, making his collar moist under my fingertips. “Please,” he says again when I stop, leaving him buried deep as I shift my hips in a torturously slow circle.
But the end of it was the part that had John gripping the back of one of the kitchen chairs, digging his fingers into the uneven textures of the wood. They’d never had it out like that before--and Sherlock had certainly never walked away first.
And rather than running in the other direction, Sherlock found himself doing something that with any other Alpha would’ve been an extreme
Mycroft had said that it would be just John and Sherlock for the duration of the holiday, including their extended two weeks. The Headmaster had brought in a temporary Healer from St. Mungo’s, citing a family emergency as the reason John was needed away from Hogwarts.
Sherlock leaned into the touch and closed his eyes. “It’s not something I’m comfortable discussing.”
"What... would you like me to make him do next?" One of John's hands began to run his stomach in a circle while the other patted his head, like a happy little monkey doing a trick.
“Mmhmmm.” Still denying John the kiss he wanted, Sherlock began to slip back down John’s body, placing lingering kisses to his heated flesh as he went, occasionally letting his tongue glide. “Luckily for you, I know exactly what you want. I’ve
Twin girls.
that they thought he needed to resort to a
His hand was working a slow, steady rhythm in time with the girl on the screen as his cock hardened to full length. He let his head fall back against the wall, closing his eyes and listening to the happy moans of the woman he imagined was running her tongue along the underside of his prick before rubbing her wet lips against the head.
Mrs. Hudson walked around the table and clasped one hand on his shoulder. Her hand clutched him a comforting squeeze as he stared into his teacup. “I think he’ll surprise you.”
With a twist of his hips, John hit something inside of Sherlock that sparked a renewed need. He panted through his teeth, nearly there. Just--
No. Not Sherlock. Ghost. Apparition. Illusion. Coping mechanism. Reminds himself of reality by letting his fingers skirt along the bottom of the kettle. It burns. Feeling. Good.
John didn't affirm what he assumed the other man already knew. He'd never been with a woman long enough to suggest not using condoms, and he'd certainly never been with a man other than SH.
I balance myself with a hand on the back of the sofa and the other on his shoulder under his suit jacket, and then, giving in to the need for friction, I let myself ride him with abandon. I’m pushing back into his grippy hands, then driving my neglected cock forward into the lines and folds of his shirt. I savor every stroke of his cock against my prostate, occasionally angling myself away lest I stimulate myself too much and come far too soon. I have other plans for us—so after just barely beginning, I slow myself down, taking him at a maddeningly slow pace after such a vigorous start.
John moved closer to Sherlock on instinct, wanting to fill Sherlock’s brain with words and his lungs with air and his heart with the warmth the detective had always been denied.
"You didn't, Sherlock! You saw nothing!" Mycroft grabbed his brother by the shoulders, shaking the skinny bag of bones harshly. "You're making things up again, and lying isn't good, Sherlock. It's upset Mummy, and you know how delicate she is about these matters."
It wasn't the same, but the memory was fresh as the taste.
Long fingers covered kiss-dark lips while pale blue eyes scanned the room in bright torchlight.   John stumbled forward, trying to figure out why he had gone from desirable to rejected in the span of a heartbeat. His knees felt wobbly and it took him a moment to come to terms with gravity again now that Sherlock's body no longer supported him.
The slumbering doctor hummed into consciousness, reaching up with a sleepy hand to thread his fingers through his lover’s curls. “Mmm, what’s wrong?”
"Have you ever fucked bare, doctor?" The other man's erection was pressed against John's lower back, rutting slowly, almost unnoticed. "I'd love to feel this cock in my arse without any barriers. I'm sure you're careful, aren't you? You've never come inside without."
come back from the dead. This whole thing was just an unfortunate oversight.
John's left hand released it's vise grip on Sherlock's right hip and reached down to give the consulting detective's balls a good, solid tug, obviously realizing that they were drawing up in preparation for orgasm. Slightly calloused fingers held him, lightly caressing, distracting enough that Sherlock Holmes didn't notice the middle finger slipping along his perineum until it was pressed up against his hole.
* * *
But then John realized that the shower was still running on the other side of the bathroom door. His own body felt too sleep-slackened for his venture into dreamland to have been a short nap. They’d gotten into bed around midnight. John reached for his phone on the bedside table and illuminated it for the time.
Sherlock hates it when John lets Mycroft do
The thighs on either side of John's body trembled, muscles protesting beneath the surface of pale skin, and Sherlock's left leg slipped from the couch, startling Sherlock a bit and forcing them to regain their grounding, but the foot stayed planted on the floor for leverage.
He didn't know when he'd fallen asleep, just that when he opened his eyes in the dream, all he could see was black.
, and then John felt it.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, “but I’m the youngest, same as you.” He squints his nose. “It’s just that we both have terrible relationships with our siblings, and I wonder if it’s the same for all paired children.”
God, what he'd do to learn the other man's name so he could shout it--
Sherlock’s head was pressed back into one of the arms of the sofa and John knelt beside him, still not willing to reach out. Instead, he peeled off his gloves and shrugged his coat to the ground before turning and leaning back. After several long moments of listening to Sherlock breathe, John leaned back, letting the crown of his head rest against the boniest part of his partner’s shoulder. Still, Sherlock gave no indication that he was even consciously aware of John’s presence.
“I’m certain I could find a way,” Sherlock said.
He'd broken up his parents' marriage at the age of six. That was when Mycroft found out about the dreams, though no one quite understood the depth of it until some years later.
Thank God he’d updated their emergency evacuation overnight bag with the essentials six months ago.
John huffs a laugh and attempts to kick off his shoes where they’re buried under the pile of clothes that has fallen haphazardly. “I guess that makes logical sense, mm?” He leans forward for a kiss, now clad only in his socks. When he draws away, he leaves his hand on my chest, tender, so different from the man who bruisingly dug his fingers into my hips five minutes ago. “I didn’t hurt you, did I? I got a bit enthusiastic at the end there.”
He was going to take a pre-sex shower so he didn't smell like the office when Sherlock got home, but that was when he found two tests in the bin.
John’s hand came forward to splay across Sherlock’s stomach for a moment, just barely lingering over the scar he found there before trailing down to take his cock in hand.
"Did he say where he was going?" John interrupted before the full story could come out. He didn't care much, but he would've been lying if he said that he wasn't concerned about watching the Potions master disappear into the night with a stranger.
"The knocking was purely an alert to my presence. I know how you can get lost in that head of yours," the Headmaster replied. The older man had mentioned that the Potions master was his brother at some point, but John hadn't retained it as he should have. The taller man stepped into the room, pulling his robes closer to him as he did. "I've brought a guest with me, Sherlock. If you're not going to show me a bit of hospitality, do pay attention to the newest addition to our staff."
We’ve learned that the hard way. Multiple times.
One corner of his mouth quirked when John took a deep breath and held it, waiting.
John started to walk away. He trusted himself to be able to make that judgement on his own. His friend was eccentric, but brilliant. If the Aurors consulted him on difficult cases, it was because they needed his fresh eyes, his expertise.
They were silent together for a long moment, resting quietly. Then Sherlock’s left hand reached up to settle on John’s upper arm, which was curved around him protectively.
Again, anything was possible in dreams.
“Well, you'd likely not be able to afford a second night on your salary, but there are several experiments I’ve been--”
John was definitely interested in where this was going, especially when he realized that Sherlock was pressing his naked legs against John’s cotton-clad ones. His belly was against John’s hip, warm under a hiked-up t-shirt.
“Can we take them home and put them under your tel’scope?”
“John. John, can you hear me?” Starts to pull away. John pulls him closer, gripping the raised collar on that damnable coat with shaking fingers. Too much. Still too little. This will all be over far too soon. “I’m here, John.” A strong hand on the small of his back, holding him close. Fingers on the back of his neck, skin on skin. Comfort. Never Sherlock’s area; perfected in this small gesture. “I’m here.”
Sherlock hadn't felt a bit smug.
," John cried, head falling forward against the wall. That was an arse, a man's arse bearing back against him, drawing him in inch by inch and
"Sherlock Holmes!" the man cried, clapping his hands together and looking between the two men at the table. "You didn't tell me you'd be bringing someone. Let me just get a candle for the table. It will be more romantic." He was gone, leaving a cheeky wink at John in his wake.
John swallowed hard as the hands on his hips helped their cocks to line up with some careful maneuvering. Sherlock was wearing tight trousers and his coat was open enough that it wasn't in the way and it was
“God, look at me,” John says, laughing darkly.
human and
John found his own special circle of hell at thirty-five weeks and one day.
Most likely candidate was the taller of Mrs. Turner's married ones. It wouldn't be the first time Sherlock had fallen into the middle of a dream where he'd found himself shagging someone. The only downfall to it was that it tended to leave him in an awkward situation when he woke, and, occasionally, sore for several days after with unexplainable suction marks on his chest.
His lover was apparently aiming for silence in this scene, so Sherlock gave it to him, but all the same, he let his hips push upwards, seeking that parallel hardness and being sorely denied such purchase when the other man lifted his hips.
The stairs were the trickiest bit. It seemed that a good portion of them had collapsed in the years since the Shack had held purpose, and John didn't know how to get up them silently short of a self-levitation spell, which had potential to go terribly wrong if he let himself down a bit too harshly, as he was prone to doing with such spells. It was easiest when someone else cast one on him.
"I love you," John said quietly against the other man's shoulder. Sherlock just squeezed him tighter, their bodies as close together as two people could be.
"It was just the one," Sherlock said as they started down the barely visible path. Still, he drew out his wand to light their way and stayed just a step behind John. The Healer wondered if it was so he couldn't see the smile on the taller man's face, but he didn't turn around to spy.
"Showtime, Johnny boy. Time to dance," Jim whispered, breath hot against his ear. John wanted to flinch, but his hands stayed flat against his sides rather than coming up to wrap around the other man's neck.
“Obviously.”
His coffee hadn't even kicked in yet.
“Emma?”
"But we both know that's not quite true."
Before John had a chance to question it, or put his guard up further, Jim had raised a hand and flicked his wrist, his wand slipping out from the sleeve of his robes. John was outdrawn even with his wand extended.
Sherlock tries, he really does.
Everything has been moving inexorably toward this. And it’s more than either of them could ever ask for. They’re a tightly-knit mass in the center of the kitchen, all coats and limbs and shuddering breath. Two best friends who have always been questionably more. Now, there is no question more important than: “Sherlock?” through tight-lidded eyes.
They had taught him this in Dumbledore's Army--how to fight the Imperious Curse was an important aspect of surviving the Carrow reign.
It should have been unappealing to John. Having a tall, male body pressed against him with the obvious intention of doing dirty things to him should have made John want to put the fellow in a headlock and then run for home.
John's hands gripped the sides of Sherlock's thighs and urged him up. There was a slight huff of protest against his lips, but that was the only sound that didn't come from the slide of their skin, the shifting of the couch.
There was no question--no request in the inflection, just a simple order coming from the bedroom.
Sorry for the delay this week. I was sick and then it was Easter, and holidays tend to mean I'm expected to socialize with my family.
They’d somehow come to be laying diagonally on the bed, Sherlock spooned up behind the Alpha. They hadn’t bothered with blankets at all--their bodies were working overtime, practically radiating heat like human furnaces. It was nice to be able to just... look at him. All that warm skin, the occasional scar or freckle. His flushed cock, which was soft for now, but Sherlock would soon take care of that.
* * *
the sheer knowledge that John had
Sherlock closed the folder and flung it across the room like a frisbee, but took no pleasure in the
Did he really want to stuff his hand down his pajama bottoms and imagine a man's mouth around his cock? He was sure it was something he'd be able to differentiate; he wouldn't be able to pretend there was a woman on the other side, all soft curves and pink lips. Could he?
Or ever.
, a prostitute. How on earth could they even come to that conclusion? Sherlock has half a virgin when they met, for Christ’s sake. “What makes that even a
John panted with relief, with adrenaline, with the absolute onslaught of feelings he was experiencing. He felt dizzy, light-headed, and he was sure he had never wanted to kiss someone more than he did Sherlock Holmes in that moment.
“I--I’ll try, John, but I.” He stopped and fiddled with his fingers. John just watched, giving him all the time he needed to process his thoughts. The man was still probably doing more thinking behind those closed eyes than the average person did in an entire day. He looked up a moment later and grabbed John’s hand. “Could we go to bed?”
He’d simply woken up one morning at 28 years old to find that the Organization for Population Regulation had issued a mandate: Due to a dangerously low birthrate in the U.K., Omegas of childbearing ability would be required to birth at least one child by their thirtieth birthday.
Sherlock couldn’t pretend he didn’t feel a pang of regret when John let himself nip at Sherlock’s shoulder with the thermoplastic barrier between them.
"I'm dying," Sherlock said.
“That’s all we’ll be needing.” John smiled his “get on with it” smile. He was tired from occupying his afternoon worrying about everything he owned being
At the age of ten, Sherlock finally understood that not everyone could see into the dreams of their friends and family. Not everyone could read between the lines and see affairs and masked hatred. Not every child enjoyed finding a dead animal and figuring out what had killed it.
“Careful of bees, Annabelle,” Sherlock called as she took a few steps further into the space between two rose bushes. He hadn’t seen or heard any bees so far that morning, but he knew she got anxious around them. He wasn’t keen to find out if she was allergic just yet, and he was making an effort to keep her fearless. The longer she stayed curious about the world and open to new experiences, the better.
John was still wearing his jacket, but it was no matter. Sherlock wanted him just as he was, and he suspected that John wouldn't be too concerned about his state of dress, either.
"You're up early, Professor Watson," came a feminine voice from down the hall.
* * *
“Leave it.” I pull it back up onto his shoulders, then adjust it a bit so it’s all settled properly. He’s standing just shy of the threshold from the kitchen to the sitting room, and the crinkled look on his face tells me he thinks me insane. Like dressing him is somehow counterproductive to getting what I want.
John nodded stiffly, his mouth set in a thin line. And then he turned around and walked away without another word, heading toward Regent’s Park.
It was so much more than a flickering desire now. The child was something they both needed, and not just to prove they could, or to do it for the sake of combining their collective love into one being.
Similarly, there was something under those words that encouraged the detective to drop the subject, but when a Holmes got an idea, a Holmes followed through, even if it meant coming out of a cloud of smoke with only nine toes.
“I’m fine. That’s perfect. Move, but... slow, John.”
Sherlock shoots John a pointed look, but he softens when Hamish turns to him with hopeful eyes.
“I can’t--” John looked back down at the numbers ticking away on his wrist, moving apathetically from 30 to 29 to 28 and down. “I have to--”
But it didn't. Instead, he tilted his head to one side but didn't turn. He didn't want to see the man, didn't want to lose this fantasy.
He was three blocks away, enjoying the smell of spring in the air, when he was grabbed and pulled sharply into an alleyway. He was about to fucking kill the man when he realized the placement of the hands. One on his hip, one on his shoulder.
Sherlock donned the gown and let John help him up onto examination table, setting his feet into a pair of uncomfortable rests that lifted his knees and pushed up his gown. The technician joined them a moment later, carrying the chart that John imagined told her exactly what she was looking for.
“Watson?”
John reached into his robes uselessly. His wand was probably out in the hallway where he'd dropped it, lying on the stone while he was under duress. He was defenseless, he was being drawn on by his best friend, this man who had come so close to being his lover.
“You’re staring again,” Sherlock said from the couch one evening. John was quickly brought out of his near-lustful ogling of his lover by that stern voice. He knew that Sherlock’s back was bothering him--it was why he was laying down at only half-six on a Thursday rather than wandering around the flat poking and prodding at things for entertainment.
“Let’s have a look.” John reached across the table and dragged over the book closest to him. Sherlock gave a grumble of something similar to “I’m not done yet” as John flipped through the pages, noting some of the black lines censoring out popular names.
His balls were pressed against the other man's perineum and he could feel the unfamiliar texture of another set of balls just below his own as the other man jerked himself.
"Now you listen to me. I don't know what he's said to you or what he's making you do for him, but trust me: You do not want to be involved with Sherlock Holmes." She let go of his arm and then reached for his left hand, grabbing his wand and touching the tip with her thumb and forefinger. She seemed surprised when the tip glowed white--an Auror, then, testing for Unforgivables. "Do you know why he's here right now? Why he's dragged you out here so late?"
Sherlock would’ve thought this, but he knew with absolute certainty that he had interpreted the flinch for exactly what it was: an involuntary reaction, something Sherlock Holmes probably never imagined his body capable of with all of that discipline and mind work.
“I may have neglected to mention that we can expect another child in seven to eight months, but I thought it implied with the direction of the conversation--”
“I suppose I want to make sure you don’t romanticize my deductions. It’s science, not poetry.”
"Sherlock," John gasped, grasping at the hair on the upper left side and lower right back of his lover's head. "Sherlock, I'm close." There was more precome now and Sherlock was happy to realize that John's taste was almost identical to the man from the dreams.
“Uncommonly tired.” The detective pressed back against his fiancé’s body. “I’m glad I’ll be able to be up and about again, especially without the swollen ankles and back pain.”
Sherlock snaked a hand down to wrap around his shaft, giving a few tight pulls to his burning flesh. He breathed deep the scent of the other alpha and thrust his hips into the circle of his fist, knowing the dream of his claim was futile. But that didn’t quell the fire in his belly that spread through him, tingling through his groin down to his toes and back up again. The friction of the head of his cock against the bedclothes was a rough touch where he sought the innermost moistness of a partner, but his orgasm was chasing his fantasy, all the same.
It was protocol, of course, to check wrists when a patient’s clock was low on time. When one was dying on a table, it tended to be a rather inopportune moment to meet your soulmate. But the potential there was an occupational hazard--one that was often avoided with a wrist check just like the one he now faced.
“Are you sure?”
He'd heard of glory holes. He'd also heard horror stories about them. And... he also really, really liked the idea of a mouth on his cock right now, so why was he being offered a choice that could double as horrifying castration?
All things considered, it was perfect.
"Head of Hufflepuff house," the other man threw back. It was like watching a tennis match on Muggle telly. John never knew how one would outdo the other, but he was certainly learning to expect it.
John could've lived without those words.
And by “naturally,” he obviously imagined that he could slowly force the other alpha onto his back. That was the most ideal course of action.
Once John had swallowed down his release, he got off the bed and reached for Sherlock's wrist restraints. Sherlock hoped he wasn't about to be sent away. He felt completely boneless; he just wanted to lay there a while and bask in the fact that he'd just had an orgasm he wasn't about to wake from.
“Sorry, what?” John replied. His hand stilled, but he didn’t let go; their hands stayed motionless between them, simply resting together. Sherlock rather found he liked it.
“Microscope,” he corrected. “And we shouldn’t take a whole flower, but--” Sherlock reached out and carefully plucked a single petal from one of the roses. “Just one petal won’t hurt.” He tucked the petal into his coat pocket, taking care to keep it from crumbling. He’d put it between glass for her and she’d spend hours enraptured by the details. “Shall we?”
John gave a hard swat to his bum, but pressed his finger in further. The sting of the slap combined with the stretch around that finger was tantalizing, and Sherlock dared to wonder if he'd be bearing down on the cock that had so exquisitely fucked his mouth earlier in the week.
For all his brain could compute statistics and probability, the most logical outcomes, nothing he knew could help him predict the future, especially when it came to John.
Oh, how wonderful it would be to feel John’s leaking alpha cock pressed up against his own. They would have pushed and pulled each other, fighting for dominance, each one wanting to claim the other on his own territory, to strip clothes away on his own bed. Sherlock wanted it to happen in his space--he knew that others had been claimed in John’s bed, in the very bedclothes that John now laid in, and he couldn’t imagine their lovemaking taking place in tainted sheets.
“Go on,” Sherlock encourages.
"What business have you got there at this hour?" It was half nine, certainly no one was there at such an hour.
“She said I smell nice.”
“All my ideas are good ideas, John. Do keep up.”
John blinked at him, sure a response was coming. Hearing Sherlock say the words “popular culture” was enough to intrigue him.
Sherlock blinked twice and his eyes scanned the room, taking in any changes, before he finally turned his head and looked at John. His lips parted silently, no longer trembling but still seeming unable to form words. He looked very much like a fish out of water.
Not quite unlike morning.
"Ah, here we are."
John rolled over and stared at the wall. Endless shadows stared back at him, the darkness willing him to fall into sleep, but he knew it wasn't going to happen. He needed to be in the infirmary in an hour. Maybe a bath was what he needed to relax.
When he'd signed on as head of the infirmary and took responsibility for Hufflepuff House, he'd been petrified of the student aspect of his new career path. At St. Mungo's, he'd worked in their youth unit frequently, but that had been more out of station and necessity than preference. He didn't have anything against children--in fact, he was rather fond of them. It was just that the more time he spent around them, the more he ran into children of people who had once been his peers, and it made him feel terribly behind in the plans he'd once set for his life.
John was typing up a blog entry to let the world know they hadn’t died; they just hadn’t been taking cases that weren’t “nines and above” by Sherlock’s standards. And even when they were, they tended to be a bit too dangerous for a man who had just passed the halfway point in his pregnancy.
He swallows, hesitating.
“Emma Watson. She’s an actress best known for the Harry Potter films, in which she played a brainy witch who married the ginger sidekick. We are not naming one of our children Emma Watson.”
Any parent--even the two fathers at 221B--knows how difficult it is to get a child into bed on Christmas Eve. Now that Hamish understands that Father Christmas is going to be coming into the flat with his Christmas wishes (which, somehow, no one has managed to get out of the boy), he doesn’t want to go to sleep.
"When do we start, then?" John asked as he cracked an egg.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, noticing that he’d picked up John’s unconscious habit of licking his lips, “I think that would be... good.”
Sherlock nodded.
"So you, what, decided a nice stroll of the towers would be a good idea?" John squared his shoulders, defensive at the man's words about his colleague. Simple she was, but it was endearing. She was innocent; trusting. She didn't deserve to be slandered by a bloke who just hadn't known what he was getting into with her.
John released his fingers, pressing a kiss to the delicate skin at his wrist before setting his hand down. Sherlock immediately curled it against his thigh, resisting the urge to plunge his fingers back inside. There was a cramp roiling around, slowly taking him from mildly uncomfortable to desperately needy.
“Is that it?” John asked.
It’s surprisingly simple to push my first two fingers inside, scissoring a bit to ensure a sufficient coating of the lubricant. My body is still primed from the muscle memory of a good seeing-to just yesterday morning, when we’d rolled over from sleep and had a slow, blissful morning of lovemaking.
. Don’t feel like you owe me an explanation.”
Sherlock shook his head and took a swig of the water, swishing it around in his mouth before spitting into the toilet. "I've been sensitive to strong odors recently. I think short-term blood exposure may lead me to another bout of sickness."
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock.” He manages to get the words out while I pull back, meeting his eyes as he bites his lip and I pull his foreskin forward, sliding my tongue inside to swirl around the covered head of his prick. “Do that again—oh, fuck.” I redouble my efforts, tracing the throbbing veins of his cock with my tongue before once again taking the sensitive head into my mouth, tightening my lips to create a seal as my tongue laps at the slit in a sinful curve.
John, with his height, was just in line with the hole when he stood, but it was hard to angle his cock in any direction other than straight into the other man's body. He couldn't thrust around in search of the prostate, he couldn't angle himself for deeper penetration. He just had to move his hips and let SH guide him to what felt best--and it all felt best to John.
I turn around, victorious, and am unsurprised to see that he’s sitting—as spread-legged as he can be while fully dressed—and stroking his cock slowly as he watches me.
“I love to hear about your cases,” John interjected. “They’re brilliant.”
He’s also looking down at where we’re joined, where my cock is pressed into the dove-grey of his dress shirt and leaking liberally. I watch him lick his lips and I know he’s imagining getting his mouth on me.
an Omega; to let himself have the most basic tenet of his biology.
"Mr. Watson, hello." She smiled and John began to correct her, but Sherlock cut him off.
They were still ticking down when he was sent home. He watched them on the plane, on the train, on the tube through his London. He watched the number getting smaller from months to weeks.
The man called Angelo held Sherlock up with one arm and flung the door open with the other, shouting out into the street for a Healer while John watched in tense confusion, turning to the window to follow the action. Surprisingly, very little attention had been drawn to the scene, but Angelo and Sherlock were proving to be convincing actors. Sherlock slipped further down to the ground, his expensive robes getting sullied by the footpath of Hogsmeade. It wasn't until he was on the ground that a man approached, crouching down in the dim lighting and helping Angelo with the seemingly incapacitated patron.
“You’ll be in room 712, Mr. Watson. Out the elevators and to the left on the seventh floor.” The receptionist held the key card out with nervous fingers.
“Ta.”
It was almost too simple to conjure the feeling of Sherlock's heart-shaped mouth against the side of his neck, twisting to let the imaginative slide lips of torment him further. Teeth against his shoulder,
His mouth pressed against John’s cock again, open lips slowly sliding down, hot and wet. Those blue eyes looked up in the low light of the room, eyelids low, and John had to redirect his gaze to the ceiling.
“That’s not what people usually say.”
While each of them regarded their privacy on occasion, it wasn’t uncommon for them to share the bathroom while one or the other shaved-slash-showered if the other had to pee.
And suddenly Sherlock could smell his mate more clearly than anything else in the room, anything else in the universe. He could taste it when he opened his mouth in a smile to breathe him in, could see John’s warm face behind closed eyes. John's breath against his neck, soothing the impending soreness. The world was shrinking down to the new mate in his arms, the only man good enough to be
Before he could ask, Sherlock had positioned the tip of John’s cock against his entrance with one hand and began to sink down.
Something inside of him knew that Sherlock Holmes was the other half of the puzzle. It was now up to John to see it, as well.
Sherlock pushed himself up using the armrest behind John's head, steadying himself carefully before sinking back down, seating himself fully in John's lap. This new angle allowed for something deeper, physically as deep as John could go, but there was a detachment that the doctor experienced in the nine inches now separating their lips, the seemingly infinite space between their breaths.
John looked to Sherlock for confirmation of what the girl was inhaling and saw a small smirk play at the corner of his lips.
It was infinitely more complicated than any other first meetings happening in a Bart’s corridor, that was for certain.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was low, just on the inside of a warning. John wondered if it was too much; if it was possible for Sherlock to already be close to the finish line. He didn’t know how long it’d been since the other man had been on the giving end or, in fact, if he’d ever done it at all. “John, I need--” He cut himself off with a deep gasp for air that inflated his chest like a pale, flushing balloon. “John.”
“Love, I need to get in there,” John said, practically dancing around with his need for the toilet.
to follow.
John’s face lost the jovial softness and turned curious, the lines growing harsher in concern. “What’s going on, Sherlock?”
But there was one thing he needed to get out of the way if he was going to embark on his first homosexual relationship. He knew that by now Sherlock knew--Sherlock seemed to know everything--but he felt it needed to be said:
John remembered watching Muggle films with villains--and this was happening just the way they tended to in the movies. Jim was bragging, making Sherlock see what he could do. He stepped closer and closer until he was only an inch or two to John's side. John wondered how many deaths the man had orchestrated, what was driving him. He didn't say as much, just that he had no fears about continuing on.
“No, it’s... fine.” He reached for the straining buttons on his shirt and started unbuttoning them from the bottom up. “They’re being particularly active right now, if you’d like.” He put his left hand on the outer side of his exposed stomach, an invitation for John to feel.
When he bends forward I nearly come undone at the teasing touch of the tip of his tie hanging down against the small of my back. It moves with him, folding in on itself until it’s not just the point of the tie, but a whole swath of silk running along my skin just above where John is fucking me at at a brutal pace.
For a long moment, there was nothing but the ruthless movements of their bodies taking over for their minds. Matching thrust for thrust, gasp for gasp. Heat on heat. Sherlock didn't even know if John was considering it or continuing to fight the obvious invitation; couldn't be bothered to deduce at such a moment.
"Uh," he started when the man turned toward him. Angelo just smiled.
“Sherlock, you know as well as I that it isn’t possible for someone to come back from the dead.”
John squeezed tighter, wishing he could suffocate the man with his bare hands from this angle.
"Like I cracked my skull against the cobblestones in Diagonal Alley."
John did, too, but he was trying to keep from getting Sherlock down about it. The man had never been particularly patient, and John was sure that Sherlock would be annoyed enough by the waiting between conception and birth.
They’d both fallen asleep.
"No, John," Sherlock said, snapping him backwards with both hands. John's head nearly bounced off the bronze. "This is very important." He paused, taking a moment to let his eyes take in the state of John's half-lidded eyes, the dark reddening of his lips and the flush in his cheeks. John could hear the blood whirring past his ears. "Did Moriarty make you drink
came a voiceless command in his mind, and he repeated it without pause.
"Exactly," Sherlock said.
he neglected before.
Sherlock let John push him backwards onto the bed, only protesting when the toy got trapped between their two bodies. He pushed it aside for the moment and clutched John to him, rolling half on top of him before being slammed right around onto his own back.
“Still, you have to admit it’s a little too coincidental that we’ve heard about Glushka and a Russian composer who wrote about Faustian bargains within a week of each other.”
“Hello?”
“Life, the universe, and everything,” Simon shot back, extending his arms to encompass the surrounding area.
He didn’t expect anything to come of the call, except for two things: one, the professor mentioned there had never been a music program at Bath, meaning Black hadn’t gone there or at least not for a music degree; and two, the pictures she sent of some cave paintings near the field where Black had been during his midnight excursion.
“Ah, of course,” he interrupted his assistant. “The
He thinks about asking, to move back to Baker Street that is. Empirically, evidence says Sherlock will acquiesce, even be happy about it. He never seems upset to have them around, rarely becomes impatient with having a child in the house, seems happy so often these days. Still, John worries. This is still a part-time thing for them, this living at Baker Street. What if they move in, and two months later, John is itching for something new? Or worse. What if the move makes John happy, but Sherlock dislikes it? He can’t want a child around all the time, can he? He can’t enjoy being stifled from taking interesting cases because there’s a child back home to worry about.
“What?”
“Oh, don’t worry, John. I need your help. I wouldn’t want to hinder you in any way.” Simon’s smile was sickly sweet. John really didn’t like him.
The man, Sherlock Holmes, if his online bio picture was anything to go by, stopped his speech and stared at John, standing next to Mrs. Hudson. “Who are you?” Pale eyes darted all over John’s frame. He felt stripped, though not in a sexual way. Just like … Holmes could see into his soul or suss out his darkest secrets.
similar to Sherlock’s. “He’s a paranormal investigator who helps out the police for no pay.”
She shrugged. “The older he got, the more stand-offish he became. It made sense with the wider world, who didn’t really accept him, nor he it, but I never found out why he turned away from me. We were so close as kids. Maybe it was just that I found acceptance from other people, that I found it easier to interact with them and lead a quote-unquote normal life.”
“John.” Sherlock’s face was pleading, wide eyes glistening in the half dark.
In which we learn about a boy from Sherlock's past.
“What?”
“Berk,” John said, elbowing his friend. “But seriously, what reason would anyone have for sending me this?”
One morning, he leaned down to kiss Sherlock’s curly head, and Sherlock caught and held his hand on his shoulder. “Contact Simon. I’m ready to negotiate.”
Sherlock shrugged, but the gesture wasn’t as offhanded as he probably wanted it to look. All evening, it was like he wanted to impress John. Which did make sense. He
“I mean it in the … shall we say, biblical sense.” Simon raised an eyebrow, looking calm as ever.
His hypothesis proved correct. They found Sammy sitting alone in the previously abandoned cabin with no memory of anything that had occurred between his abduction and being found. He was confused and scared, but healthy and whole.
“Sherlock.”
it for me. I know you don’t– that you might not.” He took a deep breath. “I don’t know exactly what you want—or need—from me, but I want to be that for you.” He looked away from Sherlock’s intense stare, then back again.
He hadn’t told Sherlock where he was going, but he wasn’t surprised he’d figured it out. He was getting used to living with a genius who could figure out what you’d done that day just by the state of your shoelaces. His hackles went up far less these days when he was deduced. He was actually starting to like it. He could be lazy and just let Sherlock deduce everything rather than take the time to explain things.
It was Robert’s turn to raise his eyebrows, though he said nothing, instead going straight into his tale.
“There’s something going on here, and I’m going to figure it out.”
A half thought slips past John’s lips before he can wrangle it. “Or I could–” He stops it so suddenly his teeth click.
“Yes,” Sherlock said slowly, as if he wasn’t sure he agreed. Then he nodded his head more confidently. “Mass hysteria, a well-known condition.”
“But they have nothing in common,” John argued. “The police have stated that they’re completely random. Why would a serial killer do that?”
“Okay … this sounds like your usual myth stuff. Where does the urban legend come in?”
Sherlock’s face went white and tight, as if he hadn’t realized what he had implied. “I didn’t mean– I’m sor–”
“Kind of spooky, with the trees half empty, the fog creeping through,” said John.
Sherlock smiled fondly at the pair of them. Maybe someday he’d tell John and Annabelle the improbable story of a Tuesday afternoon in Regent’s Park when the wind changed. Maybe he could convince John to move in immediately, and they’d become the family Sherlock had never really been sure he wanted, but now craved. Maybe they’d discuss the possibility of more children, of a real bond, of rings and ceremonies and titles.
The flat of his tongue retraced its previous steps, base to tip, dragging the foreskin upwards, tensing to a point at the slit and probing gently before flattening to curve around the head. Naturally, John’s hand found its way right back into those endlessly satisfying curls as Sherlock took him into his mouth.
They’d come to their senses before any clothes were removed (though Sherlock’s shirt had suffered some tears and popped buttons), but the damage had been done. Each alpha’s scent was one that the other now knew almost intimately, and that short taste would never really be enough.
John hadn't even known it was a potential point of interest in their relationship. Sherlock had never been particularly paternal toward children on cases, unless he was putting on a face to get information. He'd never cooed at a newborn, he'd never asked to hold a baby, he'd never been around a toddler having a wobbly. And while John had always wanted children, he didn't want one on his own. He didn't want Sherlock to lose interest once his experimental fatherhood was complete.
The sounds John made in real life were much more open than those in his dreams. Breathy little moans, gasps and incoherent words that sounded a bit like Sherlock's name broken into half-syllables.
In which we learn about creepy incidents at a Bulgarian monastery, a demonic bible, and Sherlock's first investigation.
Sherlock looked at John, his face saying
“I don’t have much time before I need to move. Meeting you here is dangerous enough, but …”
did a better job explaining the TARDIS than parents did explaining Santa Claus and his sleigh.”
Sherlock nodded.
She smiled back coquettishly. “Alright. John. Sherlock is–”
In which Sherlock shares his Scarlet Files with John.
John and Sherlock were eating lunch when John got a video call.
“Uh, left a window open. The heater should warm it up soon,” John half admitted. The kettle clicked off, and he went to finish the tea tray.
“God. It’s mutual. I should’ve–”
John rolled his eyes. “No, someone I met at the coffee shop last week.” It had been a bit unexpected. Their orders had got switched, and after they’d straightened it all out, they’d ended up chatting for half an hour. John wasn’t looking for anyone right now—Sherlock kept him busy enough—but he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. If nothing else, she’d be good for letting off a little steam.
“Sherlock, I’m not going to leave you for them.”
“What?” John finally asked. Who crowed about a new murder victim?
“What choice do we have, really? He knows far more than we do. We can’t just ignore that something needs to be done. If the Order members are mad enough to believe they need to sacrifice innocent children, they need to be stopped.”
"All the victims were found in their bedrooms. They hadn't been under any kind of curse, and there were no signs of force. They all went willingly, but they had no acquaintances in common. There has to be a common thread, and I'm going to find it. But I have to narrow down the field."
“Could I make them myself?”
The receptionist had skittered off through a door, only to return a few moments later with a burly looking gentleman who looked more like a security guard than a hotel manager. But his name tag proclaimed him to be Evan, a manager. Good. A step in the right direction. A step toward a room, and a bed, and all the sex he could manage for the night just as a nice “fuck you” to these pricks who thought they could send him on his way.
- We are not naming one of them after me. - J
To his own surprise, the idea didn't do anything to quell John's burgeoning arousal.
He carefully began to sit up, knowing that Annabelle probably wouldn’t rouse from her sleep if she was truly down. John dropped the teddy on the coffee table and helped him with her two-and-a-half stone body as she flopped back. Instead of settling her on the couch, Sherlock handed her over to her Alpha, who looked like he’d been knocked over by a lorry when she immediately curled into him, her face pressed to his neck.
John looked down to the end of the hall into the dark, unassuming shadows and sighed. He should've known he'd muck it up eventually. All because of his bleeding fucking heart.
“You said you came here prepared to meet a potential step-child. You knew where this relationship was heading, even despite the early stages, and you were prepared to raise another Alpha’s child as your own. But she’s not--she’s not another Alpha’s child, John.”
John looked around at the chaos of the room. Sherlock Holmes's private quarters, and he'd just left a complete stranger alone.
John pulled away, arousal fading. It had been an act.
He took a deep breath and passed John, not able to meet his eye after the final word. Fingers reached to touch the now-distant professor, but Sherlock evaded him.
his mind supplied belatedly.
John supposed it was possible that Sherlock and his supposed Healer had disappeared into one of the many buildings to make use of the Floo, but how was he supposed to follow? Then again, he wasn't even sure he was
It went without saying--Sherlock was certain John could smell the peaks and valleys of the heat as they came and went. But they’d been having a nice nap, and this new round snuck up on him, rousing him from sleep with a persistent slickness coating his thighs.
Once they were in their room--which was, in fact, a very impressive suite with a king-sized bed and comfy looking chairs and plush robes folded on the table by the bathroom--John shrugged off his jacket, dumped the overnight bag on a chair, and promptly flopped back onto the bed.
There was no room in his life plan for a sexuality crisis--though it seemed he didn’t even have time for one. His finger was already nearly pigment free around the base--the band was coming in strong to solidify the match.
The longer he let this go on, the harder it would be on all of them.
When they curled together under the covers moments later, John stroked ebony curls and couldn't help imagining holding a sleeping babe against his chest with the same head of soft hair.
For a long moment, Sherlock wonders if John has fallen back asleep, but then his sleepy partner peeks out of one eye to observe his curly-haired bedmate.
But given that I’m currently treating him like a suited-up sex doll, I suppose it’s only fair.
2. Jason
“What are you suggesting I do?”
John’s laugh was caught by the guard, and he slid his hands up Sherlock’s back, one coming around to his front and resting on his belly as he situated himself. They’d never had sex in this position--there had been a few rather athletic positions they tried, but somehow this had been reserved, as if they both knew they’d get around to it. It was a typical breeding position for Alphas and Omegas--none had a higher conception rate, probably because this was supposedly the most comfortable position for a knot.
He thrashed upwards wantonly, closing his eyes and reveling in the feel of the silken heat wrapped around his cock and the slick flesh that assaulted the underside one thrust at a time. It was getting significantly harder to plot his mating scheme as the doctor moved against him, panting humid breath after humid breath against his neck. There were no words left to beg with, only bit lips and shuddering breaths.
“Can’t say I’m surprised. You always decide to show up this time of year.” He can’t say it. Nothing to do with the weather, the season. The anniversary. It’s so close that John can taste the rain on the air and smell the blood on the pavement. Every year, he tries not to count the days; fails.
John pressed his mouth to the temptation, moving his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder to pin one hand next to the curly-haloed head on the pillow. With his other hand on the toy, all of his weight was rested on Sherlock’s palm and his own knees as he thrust relentlessly against his lover. Heat. That was the dominant sensation in the room. Warmth, wetness, and
Sherlock fixed him with a look that made John momentarily wish Anderson was in the room, just for that “How can you be so obtuse?” stare to be directed at someone else.
“I want it slow. Building.” Sherlock pulled back and then turned himself onto his right side, reaching back with his left hand to pull John against him to spoon. “Just--I want you.”
“It was an accident. I wasn’t even... involved, actually. Beyond the obvious. There was... a mix-up, when I was...” He gestured to his scar. Sherlock noticed the love bite from earlier directly above it, two very different intentions in the indentations on his skin. He had to drag his eyes back to John’s. “When you sign up as an unbonded Alpha, you have to give them a semen sample. And if you, you know, get into a situation and... die... they’ve got the right to use it as part of the Population Regulation Program.”
“John, no one in their right mind would put me on bed rest.”
"Nothing that concerns you," Sherlock said before folding the paper between his thumb and middle finger and snapping, sending the paper into a puff of green smoke and yellow sparks. "But if you must know, Amortentia is closely monitored by the Ministry." His tongue practically dripped acid over the words "closely monitored." "They demand its dangers be included in the curriculum, but when one has to have it for practical reasons, there is a form that must be submitted before its brewing and after its disposal. It's a tedious bit of paperwork, but it keeps them from prying further than they need."
John sucked in a breath. No one had raised the Mark since the end of the war.
It was when she looked like this--far too serious for a three-year-old, biting her tongue between her lips with her tiny baby teeth, studying flora and fauna the way Sherlock studied corpses--that he most saw himself in her.
John didn't recognize the man in the worn brown cloak, but when Sherlock flung one arm haphazardly around the man's shoulders, he suspected that this man wasn't good news. Or maybe he was meant to lead the would-be detective to the poisonous murderer.
God, he wanted it. But he needed to remind John not to--
It’s hot and moderately humid in my hand, very clearly interested in the proceedings even if John isn’t quite sure what’s gotten into me.
Well, as long as he left his coat buttoned.
His mind answered him immediately:
John followed him away, not wanting to let those perfect lips leave his own for a second longer, and helped Sherlock wrap his long legs around his waist. Two taps to the detective's sides and a bit of careful lifting on John's part, and he was sat with his legs straining and a lapful of Sherlock Holmes.
“Sherlock, you’ve deleted the solar system. You’ve deleted the bloody Prime Minister. I doubt you’d know the Queen if you passed her on the street--”
Hamish has rolled onto his stomach and is writing his letter, oblivious of his parents' attention. They both know it’s going to be unintelligible. The only words Hamish knows how to spell on his own are his first and last names. The rest will likely be a jumble of perfectly spaced letters, a result of Hamish’s recent independence streak and his refusal to ask his parents to help him formulate words from his newly-learned symbols.
fucking.
John felt flushed, slowly moving into a state of heavy arousal. While he wanted all of his clothes to magically melt away, Sherlock’s voice wasn’t
Arms wrap around him. Full-body contact and the chest against his own heaves. Can’t breathe. Afraid that if he breathes, Sherlock will stop for good. Blood pounds away in his ears as his body responds in turn, arms around Sherlock. Fingers stroking tweed. Everything in the world condenses into this--the most accurately sculpted daydream.
John wanted to answer. Couldn't.
“Where do they suppose I picked you up looking like that?” John joked, feeling the absurdity of the situation settle in.
"I had so looked forward to having that cock in my arse tonight," the man whispered into his ear. "I enjoyed it last week. Did you?"
though.
Sherlock shifted below his weight, his hips moving enough to make John’s eyes flutter. John was about to speak--he needed more time, he wasn’t ready for Sherlock to move much. His body had nearly acclimated to the slick stretch and sensation, but....
11. Nuisance Coupons
2. Jessamyn -
It happened again when he was 22. He’d been doing a lab project, alone rather late, and had burned his palm. He’d only seen the numbers flicking down to mere minutes while tending to his injury--he didn’t remember being so close to the count down when he’d looked that morning. But before he could muse on the change in fate, it changed again. When the inky skin reset from three minutes to three years, he’d stared at it and wondered if he was being avoided. And why.
That is, until he saw a hat at the end of the walkway, just at the entrance to the woodlands. It was the brown, woolen hat that the Healer had been wearing when he'd helped Sherlock off the ground. Like a Muggle faerie tale, Sherlock was leaving him a trail.
Spins around and looks directly into the detective’s face for the first time since the hospital.
"Consider it my thanks for saving my brother's life."
I keep his trousers buttoned, but unzip them, as clear a sign of my intentions as I can give. When I look up at him, he wets his lips, clearly on the verge of asking a question. But he bites down firmly, keeping the question at bay when I get a hand inside his flies and maneuver his half-hard prick out into the open air.
John peered around the corner and saw Rose Weasley step forward, pulling her plait around one shoulder, visibly proud to be the pupil called upon by the impossible-to-please professor. She set her notebook down to one side of the cauldron, which was stirring itself while small puffs of smoke curled out of its mouth.
The O-Masturbator’s page advertised that it was “for the alpha who wants to experience heat sol-O” which would have made Sherlock annoyed enough to close the page if the product itself didn’t seem rather promising.
He'd never had a girlfriend who was adventurous enough to try--and he'd never asked explicitly, just left hints that were in turn explicitly ignored--and oh, oh it was incredible when his cock finally slid all the way in and--
They stumbled off down the road clumsily, and John watched them disappear into the evening. He stood a few indecisive moments later, brushing nonexistent crumbs from his lap. He found Angelo not far from the door and tapped him on the shoulder.
He knew for certain that she was intent to flee from fate when he caught a glimpse of a dark, curly-haired head hurrying away from him at the age of 25 just before the clock was about to run out.
I take him in the same way he looked at me with renewed hunger just a moment ago. He’s loosened his tie at some point, and it’s hanging limply, pointing to his softening cock where it’s still hanging out of his open flies. I’d take it as a challenge if I didn’t feel as spent as he looks.
He would never admit that it was an apology, but the mop of black curls and light blue eyes of the boy she now carried told him he was forgiven.
Sherlock briefly wondered where this line of thought was coming from, but then remembered the flickering moment when John’s fingers had briefly traced the scar on his abdomen. It wasn’t a far leap to connect the dots that in these moments when John was thinking about bonding, he might also be thinking about a desire for children.
One corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched. “If you insist.”
“John, this isn’t her fault--”
Last year, Mycroft had cleared the Christmas Grotto three days before the holiday so that his nephew could have Father Christmas all to himself rather than being herded through a line. Sherlock holds his tongue and doesn’t say another word about how difficult it’s going to be to get through Harrods on a Saturday in December, even if the Grotto will be theirs alone.
John mused as he stood to take the parchment. "Thank you. Pinky, was it?"
John pours tea, one cup. Cream, no sugar. Took eight months to not pour a second cup, even after he was out of Baker Street. Looks at the detective’s reflection again and notes his thin frame, almost gaunt features. Deteriorating.
"I'll bring out something for the pair of you, don't you worry." He was gone before John could request anything particular. Oh well, pub food was pub food no matter which pub one frequented. And the Three Broomsticks had never let him down before.
When he finally began to come down from his fantasy almost a quarter hour later, he heard a stifled shout from the room above him.
They were just going to do it.
A second finger joined the first a moment later and Sherlock hummed around the pair of them, hoping the deep vibration would go directly to his flatmate's cock and serve as inspiration.
"Is there a specific schedule we should be on?" Sherlock asked, tapping away at his keyboard before continuing. "You eat silently, I research, we leave each other alone for twelve hours and then over dinner tonight, I ask you again? Would that be more appropriate?"
The phone rang.
If you got here from a fic rec, let me know so I can go squeal my love to the rec'er! Also, if you want, you can follow me on tumblr. There's a lot of Benedict Cumberbatch going on over there. :) http://likes-timelords.tumblr.com
None of which interested Sherlock Holmes.
My hands, which have somehow snaked their way back under his suit and along the firm and wrinkle-free expanse of the shirt pulled across his back, slowly meander back to his hips, and then to my own to assist him in pushing my bottoms to the floor.
The manager’s dark eyes flashed like they wanted to glare viciously at the receptionist for bringing on the awkward situation, but rather than giving in, he simply looked at John and Sherlock and made a monumental effort to answer without too much offense.
A house elf answered the door, another house elf took his coat, and a third took his bag and said she would get him settled in the West Wing of Holmes Manor.
Their hearts were beating in syncopated time, though the hummingbird's pace of each was something John would've testified to feeling through their connection.
In counterpoint, he lifts his hands to push the dressing gown from my shoulders, leaving me in nothing but my pajama bottoms.
Lestrade’s lips fell apart a bit and he stared at Sherlock for a long moment. “Twins?”
“Sherlock?” John inquired as he poked his head into the room. He expected to see Sherlock in his mind palace beneath the spray, maybe staring off into space while absentmindedly shampooing his hair into an early grey.
He pulled back a bit. His body was still in quite a state and he wasn't sure he'd be able to walk out of the place without everyone who saw him knowing exactly what he'd done, but it was beautiful. The lips slid up his cock as he drew away, and he felt that tongue wriggle along the underside, lips not letting go until they finally did with an audible, almost reluctant
“Please, John, don’t give me that rubbish. You’re a twin. Tell me your parents loved you and Harry equally.”
Until he hears the footsteps. Hand on shoulder.
John’s head falls back, thumping into the wall without a care in the world, groaning my name in both worship and warning.
“Thank you for telling me.” Sherlock turned onto his side, letting John take his place as the big spoon.
“We could....” John trailed off as Sherlock’s fingers began to press into the opening of their toy, spreading the lubricant. Long fingers caressed teasingly, moving in and out at the second knuckle until Sherlock was sure John couldn’t even remember what he’d been about to say.
In one jarring motion, Sherlock managed to flip them halfway so they were laying on their sides. John refused to be pushed onto his back, but the other alpha wasn’t giving up quite so easily. His fingers tugged at the bottom of John’s jumper, grazing over the tops of his hips, nails digging into his flank.
No longer able to keep himself bent, Sherlock straightened further and began to lavish the tip of John's right ear with small bites and licks and little gasps of hot breath. John returned the enthusiasm, kissing and nipping at every bit of Sherlock's shoulder his lips, teeth, and tongue could reach, all the while inwardly cursing their height difference for keeping him from having his mouth on Sherlock's in this position.
Would John Watson ever stop surprising him?
“Close enough.” He let go of the magnifying lens and watched her run off back to the bright flowers that had caught her interest, clutching the lens in both hands. She was barely two meters away, but her little feet pattered across the path as if she was running a great distance. He stood straight, brushing off invisible detritus out of habit, and admired the halo of golden ringlets that bounced with every step she took.
"What is it, Sherlock?" he asked, reaching out as he slowly crossed to him.
"All right? Are you all right?" Sherlock asked, running his hands along John's arms, along his shoulder, pulling him every which way looking for signs of injury or further hexes.
"You were at the Shrieking Shack." There was a woman leaning against the wall just before the corridor. She was eyeing him up and down, obviously making sure she recognized him. She had dark skin and a thick head of dark curls, and while she looked like she usually wouldn't be particularly threatening, John felt a very decisive sourness coming his way as she observed him. "I recognize you."
* * *
And then his dreamer's tongue pressed pointedly against the wet slit and wiggled just so and it was all Sherlock could do to keep from screaming in frustration. He wished his legs had been bound so he could have controlled his wills better, but then there were hands on his hips and a doctor settling on his stomach between his legs and
He sighed.
Sherlock dropped his small duffel on a worn armchair--thrift store, purchased by John rather than the owner, covered by a plaid Afghan to hide how threadbare it was. He probably would’ve been able to go deeper with the deduction, but his brain always started to run a little slower as his heat came on. As it was, he could tell where John was in the room by scent alone, and it was making him
"I'm sure you're going to tell me how you know that," John said. He didn't mean it in poor spirit. When the other man stood from his desk and walked around it, John nearly braced himself for the flood of words he was expecting.
“Because you were so busy before I interrupted you,” John said, fishing out Sherlock’s hands under the blanket and pulling him up from the couch.
He hoped that the raven-haired man hadn't been able to tell that--
His fingers were almost bruising on Sherlock's hips when he pulled him closer, one hand clutching a hip and the other wrapped around, drawing his chest back until they were front to back, barely a breath between them as John spilled deep inside the taller man, teeth bearing down into a silken shoulder blade to keep from disturbing their landlady so early.
He couldn't keep changing his passwords. He'd needed a new one every week now, and each time he told the elderly woman in his portrait that he'd need a new one, she'd say "I'm beginning to feel like your keeper, dear. Do stick with something." She'd even had the cheek to ask him if Sherlock was taking up residence in his quarters, since she knew he only had one bedroom.
This time, John found them wrapped in toilet tissue and tossed in with the kitchen rubbish rather than out in the mostly-empty bin in the bathroom. He only noticed them because he dumped a bit of liquid into the bin and the tissue practically melted around the plastic test.
Well, that certainly hadn’t been what he expected to hear.
blush with his needy words.
Also, as a doctor, he knew anonymous sex was a very, very bad idea. No matter how intrigued he was, he wasn't about to put his cock into an unfamiliar,
The Headmaster had been right in his prediction that it wouldn't be long before John met Hugo and Rose Weasley. The fifth year had practically been attached to her brother when he was levitated into the infirmary by a shocked looking Charms professor named Molly Hooper.
He relocated to his bedroom and removed the sex toy from the box, only glancing at the instructions before crumbling them and shoving them back into the empty box. The company had been intrigued by his request and had asked him to let them know how the experiment went. He expected they would likely want to profit from his design.
John Watson was going to pay for every time he’d ever chatted up someone’s daughter with dishonorable intentions. He was going to have teenage girls.
“It is.”
But after that night when John had gone to painstaking extremes (lovely, worth-every-second-of-the-effort extremes) to prove to Sherlock that he was desirable and gorgeous and
Sherlock amended.
“All right, now, I just need to--” She broke off and Sherlock pulled a face that told John exactly how many impolite things he was contemplating saying to the woman, so the doctor squeezed his hand tighter in a half-comforting warning.
"The same way I know that you're a Muggle-born with dead parents and a nonmagical sibling. You were also injured during the Battle of Hogwarts, for which you stayed behind out of loyalty to your school, even though you'd been ordered to safety. Your left shoulder, yes?"
And there it was: the knowledge that hit him every time he pressed the tip of his cock into Sherlock's body in recent days. They were doing this for something so much more than the simple pleasures of an afternoon shag. Their bodies were working together to create something so basic, something people had been doing on purpose and by mistake for thousands of years.
Not that John had had many cocks pressed against his back, but, well.
Fate’s best estimate was that they would find each other again in a decade.
The word and its implication echoed through his mind belatedly and John's hips pressed back against the other man when he realized exactly what he meant.
It was a locked door.
“This might be a bit uncomfortable,” she warned. “But I’m going to need you to relax. We’ll have your baby up on the monitor in no time.”
Against his better logic, the other man seemed to agree with him. John's lips left that soft mouth for a curious moment to drag along the Potions master's jaw line, tonguing at his throat as he moved down.
, and Harry and Clara, and
* * *
fingers pushing through and then curving upwards, beckoning,
“I do this for a living,” Sherlock said, kneeling back. He wiped his shining lips with the back of his left hand. “I can tell when a man is close.”
John was frozen around the corner from where the voices trailed off as SH followed the girl called Molly through a set of doors. He knew he could walk down the hall and look through the doors to see the man walking away, but he didn't. He didn't know why, but he couldn't. Not here.
Jim took a step forward, toeing at the stone flooring with a shiny black shoe. "I thought perhaps I'd take in a dance."
"Healer Watson?" came a voice from behind him in those very shadows.
"John, wake up."
"Who said anything about the floor?" John asked, noting the shiver that ran through the taller man with the realization. There were surely going to be arguments any moment now about proper conception positions and semen retention and Sherlock's need to get his goddamned smoothie finished, but John didn't give him the chance.
John tried to scoot back, just a bit, to give himself a better laying position, but Sherlock set his hands on his shoulders, holding him down firmly, right thumb tracing over the starburst scar on John's left shoulder. The sweat-damp skin tingled under the touch, wishing the ghosting thumb was the pair of lips that now parted for air as Sherlock's eyes delved into his own.
A flush crept up the back of Sherlock’s neck.
9. Old phone
"Some couples try for years and don't have much luck. Low sperm counts, bad diets, general infertility." John sat down on his side of the bed and crossed his legs, facing Sherlock, who sat down to mirror him. "You'd have to make a lot of changes if we were going to be successful at even conceiving."
“No,” John said quietly, shaking off the temptation and instead tearing at the buttons on Sherlock’s chest. The first two were already done, but moving down while Sherlock thrashed against him was enough of a distraction from the bared neck. His fingers tightened around Sherlock’s wrists, pressing and squeezing so he couldn’t tell whose pulse he was counting.
anyone. Like John, who should probably know.
It was the murder scene that had given him the idea. A man, bound to his own headboard with thick leather cuffs about his wrists, which, like in John's fantasies, matched his blindfold.
“I don’t know that I’d take that drastic a route,” Sherlock said. The left corner of his mouth twitched, but John still felt like Sherlock was downplaying his emotions.
“I’m forgetting something.”
Sherlock friendly with?
and casually walked through Regent’s Park on a Tuesday afternoon to throw a spanner into Sherlock’s entire life plan.
Sherlock doesn’t need to ask
“This wasn’t on my Christmas list, you know,” John says, scooting forward on the bed. When he’s close enough, he cups Sherlock’s face in his hands and pulls him in for a kiss. “I guess some of the best gifts are the ones we really don’t expect.”
Sherlock would be a nibbler, no question. That brought about a whole slew of mental images: standing in front of the mirror in the morning and trying to cover bruises on his neck, a knowing smirk while lips kissed purple fingerprints on his hips, the pleasant burn of teasing teeth on his nipples.
John's fingers tangled in his hair and lifted his head to that heat. Sherlock followed the instruction willingly, turning his head without question and nuzzling his nose against the erection he could feel buried below too many barriers.
“My brother, Doctor Watson, suffered at the hands of our father for most of his adolescence. As Sherlock grew older and wiser, so our father grew embittered by his cheek and outspokenness. He began striking him, I’m to believe, when he was barely eleven. I never witnessed it--none of us did, of course, or we would have stopped it outright--but it went on until Sherlock left for Uni. I didn’t find out until years after, when he was in one of his spirals. You see, my brother has always been fond of making his brain sharper, but I believe that the drugs were meant to delete rather than to engage.” Mycroft paused, appearing to think about what to say next, and the army doctor felt as though his stomach had dropped with Mycroft’s words.
In the end, he settled for finding his house elf-assigned chambers before heading off toward territories unknown.
"I said no. Take it up with the department if you're so upset."
"You felt fine when we went to sleep, yeah?" John asked. His open hand was running up and down Sherlock's trembling back. The consulting detective didn't have a shirt on, but he assured his lover that he wasn't cold, just trying to control the heaving.
as the one in a relationship with him.
He ran a hand through his hair, which was probably oily and gross after his thirteen-hour shift. No time to shower, or he would've been even later.
“Dunno, really,” John replied. “I used to think maybe if it was an unbound Omega, it’d be some kind of meet-cute like in a film. Hi, I’m John Watson, the father of your child, care to ride off into the sunset?” He laughed darkly, shaking his head. “But odds are it was some Alpha-Omega couple with an infertile Alpha. They’re most likely to seek out sperm. It’s almost... better, the not knowing.”
Instantly, the girl was standing at the front of the classroom, leaving her book behind at her seat.  She spoke animatedly, using her hands as if she was flipping through vast notes on the subject. "Amortentia is the most dangerous potion in the world, or noted as such, because it is a powerful love potion that causes short-term, obsessive infatuation. It is illegal to use the potion worldwide without written permission from local authorities."
The man was talented, there was no denying it. With every pull of those lips, John grew harder, until he was grabbing at the wall again, pretending he had broad, masculine shoulder blades in his grip, and he was fully hard, pushing into that hot mouth and not even thinking about the fact that he wasn't wearing a condom until the heat disappeared for about six seconds--may well have been six years--and then rolled one onto him with the same expert mouth as the week before.
"Would you like to fuck me, doctor? Without a wall between us?" He didn't wait for an answer before nibbling on the lobe of John's ear. "I would." His fingers slipped below John's jumper in the front and slid along the slight curve of his belly. "I'd love to get you out of these clothes and lay you out on silk sheets. Have you ever felt silk on your bare skin?" That breathy voice was doing wicked things in John's imagination, and knowing what those lips were capable of was making John's time even worse.
he could angle their bodies to get that cock inside him. The slow-burning pleasure building up was becoming more of an itchy heat--amplified only by the anticipation of finally knowing what it was like to
His fingers itched to touch it, to feel this scar that had changed everything.
“There’s no guarantee that this would work--”
It was a bad time to have a sexual identity crisis, but John had never even given a bloke a second glance. He'd never seen a man on the street and thought "Yes, I'd like to get off with him" the way he knew he could look at a woman and just know. Could he let a man suck his cock, even in the current state he was in?
But...
"I'm awake, I'm awake. What's wrong?" He sat up, rubbing at his shoulder a bit as he did first thing every morning. Sherlock had climbed onto the bed, into his lap, and was jabbing him in the hands with something pointy and it took a moment to find his coordination skills to grab the detectives hands and still him. "Jesus, Sherlock, that's kind of sharp--" And then John realized it was morning, it was too-early o'clock and Sherlock was stabbing him with a bit of plastic and--
I can deduce everything about my current appearance from the way John is looking at me—I look filthy and ripe for the taking, same as I feel. My hair is disheveled in a way John enjoys because he knows he’s the only one who will ever see it like this—so-called “sex hair” (though I have never been able to tell the difference between that and my normal state). My cheeks are flushed, eyes a bit glassy, and my lips are plump and red from taking his cock with such abject enthusiasm.
John wants to touch
Sherlock’s entire body felt as if he were about to be pushed over the edge, but he was just teetering there, waiting for something. He needed--
Her piercing focus shifted at his words and she followed his finger as he pointed to the faint lines in the flowers.
He'd asked the salesperson at the sex shop for a pair of leather cuffs he'd be able to tie himself into.
The detective squeezed his hand a moment later, but his face remained unchanged.
They are, of course, negotiable. If Sherlock has particularly strong feelings about the timing of a Nuisance Card (and he has a standing rule against them being issued while he's investigating serial killers), he has the power to request that the card be rescinded and used at a later date. There hasn't come a time yet when Sherlock felt the need to veto one. It's possible that this is because these small moments aren't actually "nuisances," but he hasn't analyzed much about that other than the morning he couldn't get out of bed because John Watson wanted a cuddle.
All the same, he emptied it out and started over.
He'd quite enjoyed it.
For now, Sherlock was fine. That was all that mattered, anyway.
If only they’d cross paths.
"I merely wanted to wish you and my brother the best," Mycroft said and John scowled up at the security camera across the street as he closed the door. "Do keep our father Siger in mind when you get around to considering names."
John wiped his fingers on the dry side of the flannel before touching it to his friend's head again. Sherlock initially leaned into the warmth, eyes closing, neck shifting, the way a cat would lean into a caress. John half expected him to start purring at the comfort of it and, while he didn't think Sherlock had noticed the affection, he found himself more inclined to stop chastising the man.
John nodded. “Years ago. And I have no way of knowing when, beyond that it was after I got shot. And they won’t tell me, because they have to protect the Omega’s--and the child’s, I guess--confidentiality. Medical records, all that.”
Tells him so. Addressing him is easier if he can look away. John is sure he’s gaining ground, getting the upper hand.
He held that thought, knowing how right it was, how fitting, and clutched the stripy jumper in near-trembling fingers.
She hit some buttons, arranged herself so that John could see the ultrasound screen, and then moved behind the wall of light blue fabric that shielded Sherlock from the waist down.
There were several moments of awkward silence--on John's part, anyway--where the Potions master did nothing but work away at his brew. John watched the man's shoulders move as he reached across his worktop for different ingredients, the bunching of his robes when he chopped a particularly tough ingredient. There was a light sheen of sweat on the back of his neck that sparkled in the light of the two torches posted on the walls.
Sherlock could spend all day locked inside his head thinking in a silence so absolute it was near deathly, but that wasn't where he was now. He was here, he was present, he was in a near-ecstatic state that allowed him to switch off that part of his brain and
"Nice touch, this, isn't it? The bath where little Carl died." John didn't know what that meant, but he couldn't very well ask. Sherlock seemed to understand, though, even if the was still a trace of confusion in his eyes. "I stopped him.... I can stop John Watson, too." John had time for a deep breath before the next words spilled from his lips. "Stop his heart."
“Sherlock,” John said, drawing back, looking thoroughly debauched even now. His eyelids seemed heavy, and his hair was... everywhere out of place. And his lips. Sherlock wanted to bite them. “Bed.”
There was an awestruck quality in Sherlock’s eyes that briefly made John wonder if he’d done something wrong.
He didn't offer any more of an answer than that, and an awkward moment later, a plate of food as set down in front of John, along with a second mug of Butterbeer. John picked up his fork and knife, taking a small bite of some kind of seasoned chicken before turning and following Sherlock's line of sight out the window. The light inside was a bit low for the evening, and outside, the street lamps were casting a dull ray back at Sherlock's angular face. John had turned back and was tracing Sherlock's cheekbones with his eyes when the other man focused on him sharply.
"What do they usually say?"
The elf nodded. "You're welcome, sir."
"Yes, of course," John replied, still faintly dumbfounded that the man had gotten all of that out without pausing for breath. And also that it had come from mere moments with John in his line of sight.
“They thought I was a prostitute, John,” Sherlock said from behind him, fingers slipping back under John’s jacket to find the skin at his back.
He offered it out between a latex-gloved thumb and forefinger.
John licked his lips before pressing them into a thin line.
John wanted to tell Sherlock that it wasn't an experiment, but he understood the need for comparison. There was something in the way he was looking away rather than at John, the way he was fidgeting rather than holding his ground. He actually
John knew they’d be a sweaty mess of limbs when they woke up; Sherlock was a veritable human space heater. It would be worth it, though, for the even-breathing calm that settled over them just before sleep.
” The Alpha bit his lip, possibly in pleasure, possibly to keep himself quiet. He seemed torn between thrusting up into the welcoming heat of his lover’s body or letting Sherlock ride out his pleasure on his own. “God, Sherlock, don’t stop.”
John blinked at the man a few times before replying, “Come again?” with a charming smile.
In the morning. John's head felt fuzzier with the thought of spending the night--endless, infinite nights--with Sherlock Holmes. He grabbed, he pulled, he arched. Anything to bring them closer together.
“I’m sure one of your minions will report back before I can spare the time.”
Sherlock opened one eye. “I’ve already told you, nothing’s--”
--have some common, simpleton name that they share with thousands of other children born in the same year.” He crossed off another name with a flourish before turning each of the two books to the next page.
Hamish is sitting cross-legged on the rug, tapping at the floor with his pencil just as he has been for the last twenty minutes. His crayons are strewn about, along with a half dozen broken nibs. There was a short tantrum about six minutes ago, and the light blue and red crayons are not likely to make any sort of recovery.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock.”
John swallowed. “And what does this have to do with me?”
Six weeks into their anonymous affair, John was pushing his hips against the hole. His balls had long ago been pulled through by SH and were being fondled lightly as his cock slid between those now-familiar lips.
“I don’t know if I’m more offended by the thought of them turning us away for being gay or for you being a prostitute,” John said, shaking his head. He covered his face with his hands and scrubbed for a moment, trying to get out the hard lines from his confrontation with the manager.
If everyone in their lives could react this well, John would be happy.
It had only taken him ten minutes to blindfold himself and attach his wrists to John's headboard securely. His nakedness wouldn't actually have been necessary to his experiment, but he knew it would be appreciated. He'd solved most of the case, anyway.
to be there.
John swallowed. A hand job sounded lovely right now, but he didn't want it to be the end, which was what it sounded like he was being offered. An out.
"The common thread."
Failed.
He closed his eyes for a moment as John moved closer. The warmth of his body was already something Sherlock craved, but that made sense given that their latest position wasn’t one that encouraged the full-body touching of previous sessions. He scooted himself sideways with the little energy he had left in him, letting John take the hint to get closer, to play the role of the Alpha protector, keeping watch.
He slipped further down into the water, tilting his head back and letting the suds dampen his hair before coming back up and letting his fingers slip through. As he massaged his scalp, he remembered a time an old girlfriend had washed his hair for him in a much smaller bathtub. The memory came to him as a fleeting thought, warmth pressed to his back in an uncommon role reversal, small hands slipping down his chest to touch him.
“What do you want me to do?” John asked, tilting his head back to let Sherlock suck a small bruise just below his ear.
, and they’d spent nearly five hours down at the Yard finishing the case the pink smoke had definitively solved. All John really wanted to do was turn down those lush hotel blankets and crawl into bed with his husband. Now that the case was solved... well. There were things that could be taken care of that simply weren’t on the radar while Sherlock was engrossed in a triple homicide.
“I love you,” John whispered into the mess of moist black curls at his lips.
“Your therapist is correct about your limp, I’m afraid,” Sherlock said, nodding down to John’s stable legs as they shook hands.
Sherlock took three slow, calculated steps forward. As much as John's heart was telling him he needed him near right now, he wanted to scream at Sherlock to run, to get as far away from this room as possible. But he couldn't, he just had to wait for his next orders.
He looked down at the toy, wondering how he should prepare for John’s arrival. The man would be hesitant about just hopping into bed, but was there a way to ease into it? They couldn’t try the toy individually; it would be too large internally to be comfortable for only one of them. It was meant to be used together. He pressed the pad of his thumb inside the inner lips of the fleshy opening and stroked it slowly, sinking into thoughts of thrusting in and out with John moving against him.
It was Molly Hooper, the sweet little Charms professor whose students seemed to be more incompetent than he remembered third years being in his time at Hogwarts. Every day, he had at least two instances of fire, and on one memorable day, a student had been frozen into a six-foot cube of ice by a peer.
John took it as he zipped his jeans.
A confrontation, a bit of snogging, and a bit of angst.
"I'd let you watch me prepare myself. Have you ever thought about it? About my long fingers when they push up into my greedy little arse while I think of your cock?"
“John,” he says quietly. He’s done this before. In fact, this is the second Christmas morning to see such news, but that doesn’t quell the gnawing sensation in his lower abdomen. This is, after all, the second time that this has been
"Well, come on," Sherlock said, gesturing down to his exposed body.
John kissed every extra bit of him, let his fingers linger on the new curves at his hips, slid his lips along his almost-fuller cheeks even after it was over, and then he rolled Sherlock over and curled behind him, the ever-protective big spoon, arms wrapped around him in a way that would surely leave his shoulder screaming in the morning, but all the same, their hands joined silently, pressing against a spot just above Sherlock's abdomen and squeezing in mute reassurance.
were the Omega who--
“Tea and cuddling now, yes,” I reply.
“Your what?” the receptionist squeaked. His eyes darted almost comically between Sherlock, John, and his manager.
Immediate deductions were thus: Black blindfold. Velvet-lined inside, leather-lined on the outside. Sex fantasy, then. No one spends money on hostage victims. Knot tied precisely enough that he wouldn't be able to shake it off. Tug of hands; bound to the headboard with matching leather cuffs to the blindfold. Shoulders strained, but just enough to cause a twinge of pain, not meant to be excruciating. Room was warm, but he was obviously naked and rather aroused on soft cotton sheets.
John laughed a single
He knew it was John's dream again; he recognized the now-familiar tug of the straps on his wrists (this time bound above his head) and the blindfold over his eyes. He logically knew there were no ceiling restraints at Baker Street, but the floor below his knees felt like the pattern on the living room rug.
Lovers on three continents had sung his praises to the rafters, to the ceilings, to the clouds, to the rooftops in cars. He was by no means inexperienced in the ways of pleasuring and receiving pleasure.
Sherlock took a breath, quirking one eyebrow as if to say 'How am I doing so far?' before continuing.
"Do you really want Anderson suggesting baby names before we’re completely used to this idea ourselves?" John asked. He plopped the magazine back onto the circular table in the center of the room and leaned back in his chair, tapping his foot all the while.
John crouched down in front of the couch and placed one hand over that lying mouth.
And while Sherlock Holmes has lied to John Watson an almost infinite number of times, just this once, John believes him unconditionally. He has to. Wants to.
If they were getting a head start on a life of defying their parents, they’d probably be stubborn about it.
. The Anderson fellow could get down on hands and knees and John still didn't think they'd get him to tell them anything he didn't want them to know.
Though hopefully it had been thoroughly washed first. Or... Yes, it had been replaced.
His fingers slip along John’s bare stomach, trailing through the coarse hair at his navel and curling over his hip. The doctor is wearing nothing but his first Christmas present of the year--a pair of red pants with white piping that Sherlock picked out entirely because he’d put pants on his Christmas list and, well, they were colored appropriately.
He turned around and found Headmaster Holmes standing just a few feet behind him, as though he had materialized silently just after John had turned the corner.
"I notice you didn't include your brother."
“Something wrong?” he asked. Honestly, how hard was it to hand him a key card and let them be on their way?
But wait, he recognized that name.
"Your lot are the sentimental type--
John closed his eyes and counted to ten, trying to replay the last few minutes in his mind but failing to remember any of his words. There had been a heat in them, a passionate desperation that was fueled by the duality of his feelings for the world’s only consulting detective and the terror he felt when faced with the chance of losing him. He knew there were things he regretted, but they weren't written; not cemented in his mind enough to know
“Hello, handsome,” John said, tucking the yellow soft toy he’d brought under one arm and reaching for a kiss with the other. Sherlock let himself be drawn in for a chaste peck before pulling away. He stepped past John, closing the door behind him, and turned to face him on the pavement.
"You know sperm has a short lifetime. We aren't even going to be able to start seriously trying for a few weeks. Whatever goes down the drain today is not going to affect anything two weeks from now." John didn't think about the fact that he'd been in the room for less than two seconds before Sherlock had outed his morning wank. "I promise that a few days before your chart says we have to go at it like rabbits, I'll stop."
First, there was disbelief. Whispers. Wide eyes.
John relished the tightness around him, in every sense. The arms, the thighs, the
“I prefer
“I’ll be in complete control from up here,” Sherlock added, moving up and straddling John’s hips. “There’s no risk. And...” He pressed the cleft of his arse against John’s ready cock, giving him a little wiggle, a tease of what was in store. John groaned unabashed, making Sherlock’s lips turn up in a wicked smile. “I want to hear you.”
"I think you might be able to gain eight," John said as he spooned some fried rice onto each of their plates. He was so unused to serving Sherlock. The man usually stole little bites from John's plate and then claimed to be full. "It'll take commitment, but I think we could plump you up a bit."
"You--" John started, but he cut himself off. It would be a bit not good to get cross with the man who was currently wrapping himself around a toilet from the effort of carrying John's baby. He cleared his throat. "Anyway, there's a case on. Stabbing on the tube, but apparently no one saw a thing until the car cleared and there was a bloke sitting in a pool of his own blood. They’re stumped."
John took it from Sherlock and the detective watched as his would-be lover inspected it. Sherlock nearly bit through his tongue when John pressed two fingers into the hole, stretching it around them, followed by two more fingers, and then his entire fist, just testing the internal promise of the toy.
His head lolled sideways and backwards, landing on the other man's shoulder as SH tightened his grip and stroked him, lubricating his previously dry cock with his own spend.
Sherlock could see the exact second that the Alpha caught his scent--just a fraction of a change in the lines of his face, and a quick lick of his lips. The hands that had caught his upper arms relaxed, but the Alpha didn’t immediately release him.
He could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding under his fingertips where he held Sherlock’s arm.
John reached down to his belly where Sherlock's arousal was hot against him, and began to fist him slowly, giving him the attention he had neglected to give for the duration.
He'd never kissed someone so much taller than himself.
“Two names can’t be that hard to choose with all these options.” John paused on the letter E, noticing Edith and--Early? Who would name their child “Early?”
John fidgeted for several more moments, only stripping down and getting into the bed when Sherlock sighed at him.
He did
He flicked his thumb over the head and used his other hand to dig fingers into his hip, easily slipping Sherlock behind him and into the fantasy, holding him steady to keep from thrusting upwards into those impossibly long, torturous fingers.
. They had great sex,
John turned around and walked back out to the sitting room, where Sherlock had successfully deduced him without needing to see him. Nothing new there.
"Do you want me to go with you?" John didn't want to, and he knew Sherlock would hear it in his voice, but he offered all the same. The andrologist had always been an uncomfortable experience for John. And even though he was a doctor, he didn't like thinking of Sherlock clinically. He'd heard it was a rather common trait for dominant partners, specifically during childbirth. It was already something he had a hard time imagining, but that didn't mean he wanted their potential child any less. He just had a hard time taking the sex out of it all and remembering that it was a natural process their bodies were equipped for.
While Sherlock’s eyes flit back to John’s list across the table, Hamish asks for a cup of milk and the doctor leaves the room. Sherlock follows a moment later.
"Perfectly normal," she reassured him.
If John intended to take off Sherlock’s trousers, he was going to have to release him eventually. The detective was sure he could tempt the man into letting go to make work of his zip, and he set to work by thrusting his hips upwards into John’s chin. But the grip on his wrists was almost painful in the most wonderful of ways, keeping him down as John pressed his chin roughly to the exposed naval below him.
John winced. He felt guilty about his flinch; Sherlock would’ve noted it, even with his eyes closed.
“You will, will you?” John asked with a smirk, immediately missing the warmth of the other body against his as Sherlock carefully pulled up and away. He moved across the bed like it was a monumental effort, drastically different from his normal grace and weightlessness.
He wanted to protest, to tell John to get on with it. This sort of preparation wasn't needed in dreams. Why waste precious time and risk the chance of waking up and losing it all?
We can’t have that now, can we?
“Could you tell us exactly what it is you’re looking for?” John asked, twining his fingers with Sherlock’s.
He’s still wearing tall black socks as he pads away from me, and I grimace.
He got curious.
John returned the following week, though he was a few minutes later than the time they'd "agreed" on, as he'd decided to take a quick shower after his shift. It had resulted in several nurses accusing him of having a date, and he hadn't denied it, wondering if maybe they'd all start to see him differently now that they thought he was seeing someone.
"Sherlock, run!" he commanded. But the other man stayed, wand still pointed directly at the pair of them.
John was out doing the shopping, or something equally menial. Honestly, if his scent wasn’t so keenly alpha, Sherlock was certain everyone would suspect the man was an omega due to his love of domestic tasks.
John followed the curves of his mind, letting Mary's hands press against the curve of his hip, fingertips playing in the course curls just above his very interested cock. But then, just as quickly as his hand had conjured the image of Mary's small arms wrapped around him, those arms were pale, fingers long, and he could imagine the whisper of black curls against his temple.
There were no utterances of "
Sherlock met John’s eyes over the candlelight and empty wine glasses, and a warmth spread through his stomach, reminding him of schoolboy crushes before he’d ever completely understood the dynamics at play with Alphas and Omegas, before he’d presented and come to resent romance entirely.
John visibly paled, his brows creeping up. “Me.”
John sighed and dressed again. He didn't like wandering about the castle in his night robes--had always considered the professors who did so to be just a tad unprofessional--and set off for the seventh floor.
He never wanted to hear it again.
He pulled himself further onto the bed and walked on his knees to sit cross-legged in front of Sherlock. Maybe there was a better way to approach this--maybe there was a way to raise Sherlock’s confidence levels without the potential for lowering it simultaneously--but John couldn’t think of it.
“Further,” John said, turning about in a small half-circle. “This man--Sherlock
"You know that the foreplay is my favorite part," John whispered, tickling the side of Sherlock's neck with his breath and nose as he slid his hands down the other man's sides. He was laying between his lover's legs, cock stirring to life against the taller man's belly while Sherlock's was pressed between John's thighs.
Fingers moved around to his cock and John's thumb flicked over the head to wipe at the moisture before wrapping around tightly and starting to stroke from tip to base.
"I've been gone eight hours. I doubt you're that far gone from the boredom."
“He had to leave, but he’ll be back later.” In theory.
A tissue was acquired from somewhere on the other man's person and John was cleaned up and tucked away without another word between them. When John tried to turn around, the man caught him by the shoulders.
"Well," Moriarty said, stepping back and completely changing tone. "I'd better be off. It was so nice to have had a proper chat."
John stayed perfectly still. He didn't want to hurt the other man, and he'd seen enough anal catastrophes in his time as a doctor to know that there was a lot going on down there that could tear and bleed if things weren't taken slow to start.
John wondered what Sherlock and Mycroft’s childhood bedrooms looked like, or their nursery.
The Voice.
Once he was settled again, waiting impatiently for another touch, another clue, he felt the slippery, warm pressure of a lubricated finger between his arse cheeks. John's middle finger, same as last time, only this time he was sure of his dreamer, certain of that careful finger as it teased at his puckered entrance. When the tip of his finger stopped just short of penetration, Sherlock pressed back, causing a slight breach of his body.
Ideomotor effect – voluntary muscles can move independent of thought and intention. So, if people are asked to focus on the Ouija board’s planchette, their fingers are going to move it, no matter how hard they try not to because they’re so focused on the task.
“So we won’t be seeing a rash of unexplained deaths over the next year?” And beyond that time, considering people were still downloading it.
John grabbed Sherlock’s cold hand. “It’s okay. We know.”
Sherlock turned his full gaze on John. “You have doubts? It isn’t as if Simon can
“Three hundred and twelve.”
“What if what?”
“You’re not the only one they want. You’re the main one, sure, but not the only. Sammy. Katie. Little Kurt.” Simon’s voice held a mocking note, but he seemed to be serious. “Children around the world will be taken from their parents, sacrificed for a cause.”
“What about the security system?”
Sherlock shared a look with John. They were both in the hallway and down the corridor before Fred could catch up. Trent was being wheeled out on a stretcher when they arrived, but Sherlock didn’t stop to study him, instead entering the room. Behind his door and above his bed were more of the strange numbers and symbols, but bigger. The pentagram took up most of the space behind his door. Sherlock was snapping pictures as quickly as his phone would allow, muttering while he did so.
In which things are wrapped up neatly and we (sort of) learn what Mycroft has been up to.
In the gloom of the street lights peeking in through the curtains, John saw his flatmate dropping clothes into the duffle currently residing on top of John’s legs on the bed. “Sammy Torres has gone missing.”
“The cure to the Unsound?” John asked. He remembered learning that Percival Black was researching that topic, and that Dabic had sent him some mysterious music files, but he wasn’t sure how they related to the apocalypse or coming of demons or whatever Simon was skirting around saying.
Simon huffed. “I believe I have found the correct combination to render their geometry useless. Nothing can be done until the moments before they attempt to open the portal. We’ll need someone to act as a distraction while someone else changes the symbols they plan to paint on the field in Bath.”
At first the paintings looked like a ritual or battle of some sort. There were black stick figures surrounding one figure that was taller than the rest. It took a couple of pictures for John to see it. The main figure’s face was upside down, just like the face symbol on Simon and Trent’s walls, just like the one at the cabin Sammy was found in.
to be a reason John had been contacted, and he didn’t think it was an obsessive fan out to make trouble. He resolved to keep looking into it as quietly as possible.
“And who’s to say one of them won’t stumble on the truth?”
Thanks to Tamsyn Muir for letting me (unknowingly) steal her use of
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded. They leaned in and watched as Marie’s eyes went white—Sherlock huffing in annoyance—and she started writing on the blank paper as her assistant asked her questions. When the assistant asked for the spirit’s name, Marie hissed something, causing the monks to start conferring with each other before trying to dismiss Marie and her assistant.
“If he’s alive, you’ll find him,” he finally said.
The name, and the attention, that Sherlock has given to John’s pride and joy had been a surprise when it first came about. Sherlock isn’t exactly the nickname-giving, or child-rearing, type. It hadn’t been easy, at first. Sherlock had kept his distance, eyeing Rosie with same interest he gave to a puzzling, but ultimately five-or-below, case. He wanted to figure her out, but assumed she’d be like too many others—dull and not worth his effort.
“A microwave, from our office kitchen. I walked down to the room, and I turned on the light. There was nobody there, but the microwave was on, cooking … nothing. It was empty.”
John shrugged. “I’m kinda used to it by this point.” Several times he’d been woken too early in the day by Sherlock shouting about a case. “And … I’m sorry too. I should have asked before writing about your private life.”
“What?”
“Stress.”
“Drama queen much?”
John shrugged. “She’s fun. She’s like … a more upbeat version of you. And she knows all your childhood secrets. Like the time you stripped naked and–”
“And so humble,” John mumbled. More loudly he asked, “What case is this?” He nodded at the folder.
“Of course the Codex is a part of it too,” John muttered. He held up his hand before anyone could argued. “I know, I know, Cenophus origins. It just seems like
Having more than his share of emotions for the moment, Sherlock leaped to his feet and crossed the room to his violin. John watched as he warmed up and started playing. He had a sheet of paper in front of him—composing then. The sound was odd, though. More atonal than his usual compositions. Screeching violin was nothing new to Baker Street, but usually it was reserved for scaring off anyone Sherlock didn’t want to talk to. He’d never actually sat down and composed such odd music. John shrugged. They were in a weird place these days, not surprising that it would come out in Sherlock’s music.
“Hmm.” It was a common claim of Sherlock’s, so John didn’t contest it. He’d explain when he was ready. “When do we leave?”
The place: Imperial College London. The year: 1993. We had to watch an honest-to-God VHS of this one. Do you kids even know what a VHS is?
“Not a surprise, being related to you,” John teased with a smile.
Pushing at Sherlock’s elbow to get him to take a bite of his sandwich, John shoved aside the sleep deprivation to think about it. Everything they’d encountered so far seemed connected, even though Sherlock refused to believe it. Was this him taking his first step to admitting the connections did exist? And what
All John could do in return was hum contentedly as he let sleep take him.
“I’m with you,” he replied, meaning that physically he’d follow Sherlock, but he hoped his friend knew that he meant it emotionally as well. He would always follow, he would always stand by his side, he would always support him. No matter what.
“Sherlock?”
“What do we do, then? To stop them,” he asked instead.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes.
don’t have to keep–”
Sherlock sat up a little more and said carefully, “A text.”
John cut off his absent-minded whistling. “Hmm?”
Sherlock’s face fell, and his lower lip trembled as he pulled his sister close, hiding her face in his neck.
And in the end, John doesn’t have to ask. Sherlock just knows, after a single survey of John’s person.
She scowled. “I’m the only one left. You know you’ll have to physically play live if you’re to combat everyone playing it on their music players at home.”
“Simon Reese?” he repeated his flatmate’s salutary words, concentrating on making coffee.
Sherlock opened his mouth but closed it again before saying anything.
“What did it say?”
The whole building was up in flames, and two fire engines blocked the road directly in front of the fire. Luckily it was a quiet area in general, so traffic wasn’t too backed up.
He had enough time to shoot a final
He checked his email while he finished his toast. He scrolled through most—requests or fan mail probably; he’d look later—but stopped when he came across a familiar name. “Keith Dabic.”
“He’s called Sammy, right?” John clarified, thinking back on the notes he’d read.
In which John and Sherlock go to Wales, John enjoys autumnal foliage, and they hang out in a cave with Simon.
“It’s like Bath,” Sherlock said, peering at the back wall.
John searched the screen. “No.” Then something to the side caught his eye. “Wait. Maybe … I see a … shadow?”
After that, John decides to make an experiment of it, though he doesn’t tell Sherlock this. He needs to know. Is it specifically domesticity with Sherlock that makes him happy, or just a change in routine? It starts off being once a week. John will show up with a baby, a bag, and a day off, and he lets things just happen. Sometimes Sherlock’s gone for half the day, doing whatever he does to occupy his time, not realizing John and Rosie are at Baker Street until he returns. Sometimes the three spend the whole day together. Sometimes a client appears, and they’re rushed off on an investigation after scrambling for a sitter. Sometimes they do tea or lunch with Mrs. Hudson, sometimes they take walks in the park. Sometimes John appears at the flat exhausted after a night spent awake with Rosie, so he spends the day recovering while Sherlock and Rosie entertain themselves.
“What if …” Sherlock began quietly, then trailed off. He was looking at his lap.
“To get Mrs. Hudson and my brother off my back. They think I can’t live alone.”
It was as if Simon’s call unlocked something. Their peaceful, homey center of the storm had passed. It started with their dreams. They got worse. It was harder to calm each other in their sleep. They had a harder time returning to sleep too. It was easier to bear, though, with a bedmate. Instead of meeting in the sitting room for tea and violin, they often stayed in bed, holding each other and whispering. Sherlock opened up about his childhood. Not about the tall men, but the years when he'd loved Eurus and Mycroft without a care. Childhood experiments. His dog, Redbeard. John in return talked about the war, and how he got there from being a journalism student.
“Promise. I just wanted you to know that you’re not alone. That you’re … loved. That I trust you.”
Sherlock frowned. “John.”
Sherlock smiled a little. “Of course I am.” He looked at his watch. “Lunch?”
“I loved you.” Victor’s admission was quiet but hard. Sherlock froze, and John felt that ball of jealousy finally appear, pity gone. “I left because I loved you. Because I couldn’t spy on you anymore. Because I wanted you to have a normal life and not get caught up in this mess.”
Well that was a bit of a lackluster ending ... Purposefully so (I'm a fan of Buffy, and that show had a few of "the battle's done and we kinda won?" endings). ;) I hope my foray into writing creepy action was not a complete disappointment. Props to the writers of TBT, who told their story far better than I ever could (I haven't listened to S3 yet, don't spoil it for me!).
But more than that, what had appeared to be a sound file of only a few minutes turned out to be a recording of more than three hours. After forty minutes of silence, the monitor had picked up some whispers, unintelligible, but they definitely sounded like human chanting. John heard Kurt cooing from his cot, then more whispers. There was a further half hour of silence, then the whispers returned, louder than before. The words became clear.
“I can’t see a connection either, but why is all of this coming up now? Was Victor the beginning, where all of this strangeness started?”
That night, they all went to bed early, though they knew none of them would sleep much. Still, there was something comforting about lying in bed, next to the one you loved most in the case of John and Sherlock, cocooned by their physical and emotional warmth. Most nights, they kept to their own sides of the bed when sleeping, both of them being so restless that there was a fear of being punched if they were too close, but by mutual, tacit agreement, they gravitated to each other as soon as they slid between the bedclothes that night.
John couldn’t make much of it, so he shared it with Sherlock, who sighed when the video popped up. They were sat on the sofa, closer together than usual so they could view the screen together, and John felt the friction between Sherlock’s arm and his own when either moved.
John continued the story. “Yeah. And this time Simon
John snorted.
The video continued with the couple arguing over whether someone had fallen, then the camera zoomed in on an empty field under where the figure had last been seen. “Shit,” he muttered, then, realizing how close he was to his flatmate, he stood upright and removed his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Apophenia,” Sherlock said.
draw when I’m here, alone in my room, and I’ve
“God! Not that idiotic story again–”
John liked Eurus. She was the playful younger sister he’d never had, having never really got on with Harry, who was too much like himself. Plus, she was this wonderful, untapped source of information on Sherlock. He wondered why his flatmate never talked to her.
. That’s like nine-tenths of your life. What else are we meant to talk about? Because I’m pretty sure John is the only other option.”
Yes, I pulled a Tolkien (or was it GRRM??? Someone wrote a battle scene where the POV character is knocked out so the author could avoid writing the battle itself) and kept John both distracted and knocked out for part of the action. I really don’t even know how I got this far in writing this story. I’m definitely not one who usually writes action or plotty stories. And I’ve definitely never written anything this long. O_O Sorry if this chapter is a let-down …
“Eurus was—is—my sister.”
“Unfortunately not,” said Simon. “Less than a month to go, though.”
“Huh. Umm, well then. You’re sure?”
Holmes fumbled with the mobile he was still studying and looked up quickly at John. “You really think so?”
“Believe in science!”
John tried to remember what Sherlock had said when they’d talked about it. John’s post was from February. He’d said … it was a couple or so months before that? It was possible. “I’m guessing November. Last year.” He and Eurus shared a glance. “Sherlock, who knew when you listened to it?”
“Ugh, why are you writing up that case? It was boring.” Sherlock hung like a specter over John’s shoulder.
This week’s case comes from episode
“No, leave us now,” one of the monks replied, ushering them from the room. The video ended.
The hand on his shoulder tightened. “That’s what makes it real. Even after knowing Victor for a decade, I always worried that one day he’d leave. A little part of me wondered if that’s what happened when he disappeared. That he’d finally had enough of me. But with you, I was comfortable almost immediately.”
Who knows when John will wear this suit again?
Sherlock looked around at the people passing them in the park, and Annabelle’s curious eyes followed his, ever the observer. He remembered his sense of smell in his early pregnancy, so strong that even the smell of his favorite tea had crippled him with nausea. Suddenly he wished he could go back to that level of awareness. There was an Alpha walking around Regent’s Park, within sniffing distance of Sherlock and Annabelle Holmes, who likely had no idea that if he followed his own nose, it would lead him right to his daughter.
He decided he just needed to get lost in it. He palmed himself through thick denim, watching the girl's blue eyes as she looked up, seemingly straight at him. It was definitely working, imagining that he could be the man in the video, the one who literally had this gorgeous twenty-something gagging for it.
Sherlock cleared his throat, obviously a moment or two away from losing his patience as the woman seemed to fish around down below, occasionally bringing that blip of life back onto the screen before moving away again.
John sipped his coffee, knowing he should shower and head to the surgery. He blew out a long sigh through his lips before standing and walking around the table.
"Are you quite finished with your evening reflection?"
be parents. Now that they know they can do it, the second child should be significantly easier.
No matter. There was a warm, pliable Sherlock in his arms, content to be and to  breathe with him for as long as their bodies could stand it, and John didn't worry further about logistics.
"Honestly, John, you think I'm immaterial to be a good father, but how else does one ensure that their genius lives on? I've considered it for quite some time--nearly the last two weeks, which is more thinking than the average person does is in his entire lifetime. I've not taken cases from Lestrade because I was working out ways to reorganize the flat to fit a child in, and I've been looking into schooling and nannies and also safer ways for me to continue my work while also doing what's in the best interest for our child. And while I'm sure you're nervous because you've never seen me with a child before, I assure you that while other people's children are insufferable, drooling globs of useless matter, our child would not be."
I hum, absentmindedly unbuttoning his shirt.
“Yes, John,” I respond, pressing back into the gentle pressure and spreading my legs even further. “Please.”
he told himself sternly.
, John thought.
While he was relieved that murderers were off the street, he wished the Yard could've at least waited three more days. He was getting so close to learning who his stranger was and if they could just bloody
There was something about the glint in Jim's dark eyes that made John feel like the man knew something, like he was accusing him outright of having a wank while thinking about his best friend.
Sherlock shook his head as the blindfold fell away. John placed it on the bed and leaned forward, wiping at his cooling semen against Sherlock's pale cheek. He wiped it away with the corner of a sheet before moving to clean Sherlock's chest. They needed a flannel, at the very least, though the more likely option was a shower.
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes widened, and Sherlock realized how she must’ve interpreted that statement.
“Reindeer ‘jamas!” He smiles toothily up at his fathers and hugs the pyjamas close.
This was written entirely on my iPad, so any and all errors can be blamed entirely on
John was propped up on an elbow, and his free hand splayed on Sherlock’s waist before moving slowly to his belly. He moved it in a small circle with clear suggestion of what he was imagining, but then said, quietly: “Christ, I bet you were beautiful when you were pregnant.”
About an hour into staring down the walls, John decided to venture toward the East Wing in search of his friend. Logic said that the house elves probably would’ve told their master about the presence of someone else on the estate, but when he found Sherlock, the professor was... surprised, to say the least.
“If I came up with a safe solution to our predicament, would you be agreeable to going to bed with me?”
Not an unusual time for Sherlock to be waking up and starting his day.
"I will stop you." That was a promise if John had ever heard one come from those lips.
"Mm," Sherlock hummed, and then he was pulling away, slowly, and drawing up his pajama bottoms so he could walk the short trip back to the bedroom. "You can finish making it."
4. Blender
“Tell me how that feels,” John said, his voice low and husky. His eyes were trained on the three fingers Sherlock now had moving in and out, shameless. “Filling you up good?”
"Don't worry, your training was obvious to me. But you've lost us our booths with your tardiness. Unfortunate."
“Why do you think he’s having trouble coming up with things?” Sherlock asks. John will likely turn ‘round and tell him he’s focusing on something unimportant, but Sherlock has his moments. At the age of four, he certainly could’ve come up with a list.
Sherlock's fingers slipped through John's, entwining them tightly. The only sound in the room was their breathing and the rustle of skin on cloth, skin on skin as fingers stroked the backs of palms and thumbs passed over flesh.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively and walked to the front of the classroom, turning and leaning against his desk. "She's been distracted lately. Domesticity--she's gained three pounds in the last few weeks thanks to a new boyfriend who is likely a closeted homosexual."
"We need to know what happened in that room, John."
He’d never admit it, but I know he likes to see me vulnerable when it’s just the two of us.
As with all things, Sherlock caught on quickly, and where his arms had previously been taking a moment to pay homage to John's own hips and the sensitive dips just below his ribs, they now wrapped once more around John's shoulders.
John’s stomach twisted further into a knot.
“What do people usually say?”
. John knew because even though he couldn't get as far into his own mind as Sherlock could, he was nearing that state himself, as fresh as the first time.
"You've been asleep for nearly four days, John," the Headmaster stated, as if it wasn’t actually going to be news to John.
He nodded against his body’s better judgement and Sherlock started to move the jumper up further up, until finally John had to lift his shoulders so that the jumper and his undershirt could be tossed aside. The wool hadn’t even hit the floor before John turned Sherlock onto his back and bore down against him, thrusting his hips a few times for good measure. He was taking back control.
John tucked himself in to the table and had barely had time to glance around before an overflowing mug of Butterbeer was being placed on the table by a very large, very imposing looking gentleman wearing a bar apron.
Misery loves company, &c.
John stared at the receptionist for another moment before taking a deep breath. “Listen, mate, I know for a fact that there is a room somewhere up there with my name on it. I’ve had a long day and I just want to unwind, have a cuppa, and go to bed. So you need to give me a bloody
Trying for better leverage, John lifted his knees slightly and adjusted his own angle. He wouldn’t be able to maintain it, but he was close enough that it wouldn’t matter in a moment. And if the way Sherlock was breathing harshly through his nose was anything to go by, he was just as near the peak. John slipped his tongue up into Sherlock’s mouth for a moment and dragged him back in for a final, deep kiss.
But in the end, Sherlock was going to do what he was going to do.
His balls slipped back into his own booth as he pulled away so he could thrust back in, and they worked into a rhythm where John did most of the work and the other man stayed planted against the wall, arse cheeks spread wide so John didn't have to worry about slipping out and losing pace.
John worried that it would soon be boring for the other man--that this was SH needing something new from John. That he'd soon want John to take him in his mouth. Or, the more frightening thought, to bottom for him.
Maybe John is right. Perhaps it’s best to keep the magic alive while it’s still believable.
“I heard,” she said, noting his distress. Her dark hair was pulled back, but flying every which way, and she looked like the last stretch of her double shift was about to get the best of her. Makeup she’d long ago applied had faded, causing darker circles under her eyes than what would’ve been natural without her smudged mascara. There was something in her eyes that made John want to look away. Sympathy wasn’t something he wanted, nor was pity.
"Jim Moriarty. Hi." He gave a sheepish wave that looked entirely unnatural on him. "Jim?" He asked, as if trying to trigger Sherlock's memory. "Molly's Jim?" he repeated. "Did I really make such a fleeting impression?"
"Please explain it to your classmates."
All he'd succeeded in shooting was his Potions grade: it skyrocketed downwards and barely recovered prior to Professor Slughorn's reign as Potions master.
“In a sense.”
Sherlock was shirtless and splaying his fingers over his belly when John found him in the bedroom.
“I can’t tell you what to do anymore than you can get inside my dear brother’s mind and make him tell you, John,” Mycroft said, his voice more gentle than John had ever heard it. This was partially because his given name sounded much less harsh than the formal “Doctor Watson,” but John also suspected that Mycroft was being genuine. “However, I can tell you that he cares for and trusts you in addition to accepting your affections, and with Sherlock, that is as close to the perfect partnership as one is liable to get.”
John unzipped his jacket and pulled his jumper and undershirt over his head. Sherlock was laid out for him and apparently willing, but that was about all John could say for the picture presented to him. Sherlock's cock was soft, nestled in a coarse tuft of black hair, and his legs were slightly spread.
Now he still wasn't so good at the more advanced stuff, but at least he'd managed to score well enough on his O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s that he was permitted to train at St. Mungo's as a Healer. And that was what he was meant to go to Sherlock for--the potions he wasn't quite so adept at himself.
