“Anything you want, bud. We can go to the park, watch a movie, ice skate.” Steve suggested.
Sweat was forming on his skin, soaking into his white T-shirt and Steve knew a good thirty minutes had passed. He held the punching bag to stop its momentum and noticed a distinct lack of noise from behind him. Turning around revealed the simulation course they often used in full display. Large, realistic trees stretched to the ceiling along with a wide expanse of lush grass and a playground. The sounds of birds and children playing through the stereo recreated a nice day at a family park.
“Oh, right.” Steve turned off the stove and poured water into the cups.
“Oh, Tony. I’m sorry,” Steve said and wiped his tears again. He waited until Tony’s sobbing died down before catching his eyes, “I would never leave you. I had to go to work.”
Clint let out an amused chuckle, “He’ll come running back to you sooner or later. You always were the one he was closest to.”
“No super speed and definitely no shield!”
“They’re not coming back anytime soon.” Tony said, taking off his shorts at the same time.
“Friends! I hear grape jelly has infested your center park,” Thor said, a great big smile on his face when he saw Steve.
“I’ve never seen things like this before! It’s even better than dad’s lab!” Tony looked like he was struggling to stay put, bouncing on his feet like he was trying to jump to the sky to see the whole area. If this was impressive to Tony now, Steve wondered what he would think of the workshop in their own home.
After being fed lunch and bathed, Tony was taking a nap in Steve’s bed. It was only noon and Steve was sitting on his couch, keeping one ear open incase Tony woke up while reading the newspaper—although the reading part was more like staring at the black fonts while his mind was occupied.
Here goes nothing.
“Morning!” Tony said, “We’re making French toast!”
“No one would be able to take Steve away from you even if they tried.” Natasha nudged his chin up, “Right, Steve?”
With his chin resting on Steve’s shoulder, Tony gave an unhesitating nod.
Even though it had been less than a week since Steve last fought these purple slime aliens, he forgot how
Tony couldn’t do anything but moan and twitch and dig his fingers into Steve’s upper back, knowing that the red marks he leaves would fade in the following hours. He squeezed his eyes shut and buried his face deep in Steve’s nape.
Steve should have seen it coming. Of course Jarvis would trigger Tony’s memory—he was his best friend growing up and his father figure after his parents’ death—maybe even before their death. Tony’s eyes became blank again, and Steve watched in frustration when he could do nothing but wait. Bruce came over and observed Tony, making sure he wasn’t showing any signs of distress as he experienced an episode.
“Yes,” Thor answered truthfully.
Steve placed the plate and yogurt down onto the dining table and took the vial out of Thor’s hand, holding it up to his face to examine the content. “What is it?”
Tony pressed his teary cheeks to Steve’s collar, dampening the white t-shirt with its contact, “Hurt, Steeb. Hurt…” Tony’s voice broke off into another sob.
“Jarvis, start a bath for us, please. Not too hot.” Steve asked the AI as he gently laid Tony down next to the basket and stripped him of his makeshift diaper. “You’re such a good boy,” Steve praised when he noticed the lack of a mess in the towel and Tony flashed a toothy smile in return.
“Clint, do you think it’s safe to be showing Tony that?” Steve asked exasperatedly. Everyone, minus Bruce, was currently in the gym. Heroes had to keep their bodies in tip top conditions after all, and Steve hadn’t had much time to work off his excess energy since Tony’s deaging.
“Dum-E, you have to leave the elevator. Nonono, not right now.”
“Thanks for your help, but I’m gonna have to agree with Tony,” Steve said with a smile.
“It’s really nice of Josh to give you a tour of the place, so don’t give him any trouble.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve grabbed the one closest to him and sprinted over to Tony.
When Tony first asked if he could take apart Steve’s alarm clock, Steve didn’t even hesitate to agree, after all, an alarm clock was easily replaceable and Tony was looking so nervous staring up at him with those deer-like eyes and the clock held between his hands. The shock on his face his face when Steve said “Ok” was incredible, eyes opened wider than they’ve ever been, eyebrows raised up to his hairline, and his jaw almost to the floor.
“… Tonight, then.”
Unlike the communal floor below, Steve’s floor didn’t have a fancy fireplace in the center of the room. Instead, he had white couches on a plush, cream rug, contrasting against the birch flooring. Books and paintings lined the white walls and gave wonderful pops of colors, especially during the day when the floor-to-ceiling windows allowed sunlight to stream in.
Steve stood still and tried to focus on any unusual noise. The fake bird and children noises were a bit distracting, but with enough concentration Steve was able to make out soft footsteps, barely audible if it weren’t for his super hearing, one hundred feet to his two o’clock.
“Captain, civilians in a five mile radius have been evacuated. Director Fury has sent assistance,” Jarvis’s voice said. Just as Jarvis finished speaking, two planes soared above him, shooting at the aliens near the perimeter with extreme precision.
Unwilling to disturb the child, Steve tip toed out and headed for the bathroom.
“Captain America! Leader of the Avengers!” Clint said in a dramatically deep voice through the stereo. A giggle sounded to his left followed immediately by a shush. “We have a very tiny person in our possession and will only release him if you do as we say!”
Steve pulled the panties up higher, causing Tony’s cock to flatten against his pelvis. Feeling his arms about to buckle, Tony let himself be pushed into the mattress, shoulders flattened as his hands clenched at the pillows next to his head. He spread his legs wider, moaning loudly when Steve slipped in deeper. He felt so
Steve leaned the broom and dustpan against the wall and squatted down, “Can I see?”
Steve had just finished arranging everything on a tray and was about to bring it out when Pepper stepped into the kitchen, a smile bright on her face.
“I wanna skate with Ste-!” Steve saw what was about to happen and sprinted to Tony, but wasn’t quick enough to catch the little boy before he face-planted into the snow.
“Would you believe me if I said I was feeling hot and wanted to get wet?” A hand slid its way up Tony’s thigh and stopped at the band of his boxers. Steve’s thumb flicked up and down, stroking skin, then fabric, then skin again.
“No worries,” Aiden said, “I’m sorry if I’m being bold, but would you like to grab some coffee one day?” Aiden gave a smile, this time small and—to Steve’s surprise—flirty.
Steve rolled his eyes, “Yeah, well, usually I’m not facing the Black Widow.”
“I asked Jarvis to alert me when you guys woke up.” Bruce sat down on the nearby chair and Steve sat down on the sofa with Tony in his lap. “Did he eat yet?”
Tony panted for a few moments, gathering enough air to speak. A chuckle escaped from him and he lowered his legs until they were resting comfortable around Steve’s waist. Steve leaned down until he was close enough so Tony could wrap his arms around his neck and Steve could give Tony another mind-blowing kiss.
“Whatever, I’ll just take some of Steve’s,” Clint said and nudged Steve lightly with his elbow. “Right, Steve? Ri- Oh. My. God.”
Steve maneuvered Tony until he was lying in the center of the king-sized between two fluffy pillows, “You comfortable, buddy?” As a response, Tony’s eyes fluttered shut. Steve smiled, his eyes soft with affection, and reached a hand out to push the freshly dried hair out of Tony’s face.
Tony’s eyebrows lifted a bit in surprise as he used the bottom of his old band t-shirt to wipe the sweat off his face. “Already? Where is everyone?”
“Didn’t Tony only swallow a drop?” Clint asked.
The pool deck was hot against his bare feet, but nothing compared to the heat he was feeling inside.
“Two planes? Someone must be getting antsy,” Clint said.
Tony began moving his hips when he felt Steve’s pelvis meet his ass, desperate to grind on that cock and get it a few millimeters deeper.
Breakfast was at the communal floor today since the only things in Steve’s refrigerator were orange juice and an egg.
Finally landing on the tree right at the outskirt of the playground, Steve could see Tony in the sandbox, making a robot very similar to Dum-E by using his toy rake as Dum-E’s prongs. Clint and Natasha were surrounding him, bodies in defensive positions as the assessed their surroundings.
they were. Punching them destroyed them, but the slime got in his gloves, his boots, his
“Hmm,” Tony hummed as he thought about what he wanted, “Model cars!”
Steve, who was holding on to Tony’s arm so Bruce could take blood, rapidly let go of the limb and lifted the red-faced toddler up, “I know. I know. I’m sorry.” He patted Tony’s back, his frown deepening when he saw how hard Tony was crying. The little body was shaking and, combined with the painful cries, caused his guilt to grow larger.
Steve gently tilted Tony’s head up again, “I will never leave you, Tony. Do you understand? Sometimes I might have to go away for a bit to save people, but I will always come back for you.”
At that question, Tony paused in the middle of the kitchen, his body becoming slack. Steve watched as Tony’s eyebrows scrunched together in the middle and his eyes had an unfocused sheen.
Steve waited for the go signal, which took the form of three short beeps.
“That one looks like a hippo,” Tony said, pointing at a piece of French toast.
“Hey, Nat. Dare you to lick one for a hundred bucks,” Clint said over the communication link.
It was times like this, when they started feeling tiredness catching up, that he missed Tony’s rambling the most.
“Can’t believe Fury’s
He still had his limits though.
Bruce, Natasha, and Clint gave each other a look before circling around the suit as well.
“Huh, it does,” Steve replied to a giggling Tony.
They reached the same door as that morning, and instead of Steve having to call for a scientist to scan the door, Bruce scanned his id instead.
“Oh, yes. It would look nice,” Steve replied. While it was a nice choice for anyone else, it felt too subdued for someone like Tony. Tony was bright, colorful, over-the-top, and a show stealer, and Steve wanted something that would fit him.
“No, they said they were going to get ice cream. They left three hours ago, though.”
“Interesting, and I’m guessing this dimension contains some elements ours doesn’t, hence the inconclusive tests. How were they exposed? And what about dosage?” Bruce rattled off, stylus waiting in his hand.
“T-Tony?” Steve said as he walked to the large gathering, the door flipping close behind the Avengers. He tried to look above the crowd to spot a small brunette child but the scientists were waving their hands everywhere, making things difficult to see.
“Hot fudge sundae! And milkshake! And cookies! And...” Tony’s excitedly listed off everything he could as they left the gym. His rambling continued all the way to the fifty-sixth floor.
“I’m not married,” Steve let out an awkward laugh while rubbing the back of his neck.
“Well come join me. The water feels great.” Steve playfully flicked some water at Tony, some of it landing on his shorts.
Steve was still going, in and out like his life depended on it, before he quickly pulled out and spilled himself between Tony’s ass with a groan. Tony could feel the warm cum sliding down, absorbing into his spoiled panties and dripping onto the sheets.
“No.”
After changing into sweatpants and a t-shirt, Steve padded to his bedroom with Tony cradled in his arms. Even though he could feel Tony’s head become heavy on his shoulder, he walked around the room anyways—gently patting Tony’s back in a rhythm reminiscent of his mother’s when he was a child.
The team and Tony were at the outdoor skating rink near the Avengers’ Tower. Almost empty since it was a weekday and people were either in school or at work, it was surrounded by beautiful blankets of snow and trees and was the perfect place for the team to enjoy the cloudless day.
“Of course you can have ice cream. You just have to eat all of your vegetables as well, alright?” Steve settled Tony up on the back of his neck, chubby legs on each shoulder, as he gripped each foot to make sure Tony was extra secure.
“Steve! Look! I made Dum-E!”
Steve didn’t bother finding Natasha—she hadn’t had Tony and he didn’t hear Clint around. Back to the search it was.
“You little brat!” Clint was about to turn around if it weren’t for Natasha’s hand smacking the back of his head.
Thor popped up from the ground with excited and satisfied grin on his face.
“That’s ok. I’ll help you!” Tony grinned up at Steve as they walked to the rink. Steve grinned back and tightened his grip of Tony’s hand.
As he lifted up the last shirt in his luggage, he noticed a black box with a pink ribbon tied on top and furrowed his eyebrows. What? He didn’t remember—oh.
A small gasp escaped from Tony and Steve turned to look at him. Staring back at Steve was a pair of scared looking eyes, large and watery like a newborn fawn.
“Well, I do. So hands off my breadsticks,” Natasha grumbled in reply. She flicked a clump of goopy hair out of her face.
“Everyone has said that they were, quote, ‘leaving this inferno until the A/C works again.’”
“Let’s see if Bruce has any medicine, okay?” Tony, with his head against Steve’s collar, nodded.
Dum-E’s three-pronged head moved down until was at Tony’s eye-level, tilting left and right as if it wondered why its creator was so small.
The room was flooded by screams and cries so loud it felt like the walls would collapse on themselves.
Thor pouted before shaking his head and clearing his throat, “Yes, well, before you do that, I have something for you.” He pulled out a crystal vial containing an almost glowing purple liquid.
*****
“Captain Rogers, Miss Potts is requesting entry,” Jarvis’s voice broke the silence and jerked Steve out of his thoughts.
Hope this chapter felt fun for you guys. I really liked the playfulness the team had in here :D
“Bad choice. He likes you, Tony, he does. Look, Pepper is
“He’s shy. But you’re not wrong,” Tony said, rubbing PJ’s back to try and comfort him, “He loves his Cap pajamas.”
Bruce rolled his eyes, smiling as he pushed his glasses up his nose.
“Go see Papa. He’s probably in my—in our bedroom, okay?” he said, watching the boy dart off.
“He sounded so pitiful… I cannot help but feel bad,” Steve murmured.
“I can’t.”
“It’s not my fault that you cry every time we watch
With a new smile, Tony nodded, pressing his forehead against Steve’s sternum before pulling away completely.
Nearly jumping out of his skin, Tony cursed under his breath, whirling around to see Sam standing in the doorway, a smug smile stretched across his face.
“Daddy?” He asked softly, tucking his thumb into his mouth.
Seeing Thor using Mjolnir as an airplane-directing stick, Tony breathed a sigh of relief, placing a hand on the back of the child’s head in pseudo-protectiveness as the team watched the Avengejet slowly land in front of the compound. Once the ramp into the plane had been lowered, SHIELD agents streamed out, beginning their assessment of the area.
do you want?”
“I brought his Iron Man pajamas,” he said flatly, showing them to Tony before rifling through the bag again, “There are some snacks in here, but I’m sure the nurses can bring food that you can feed to him. I packed the baby utensils he’s supposed to use, plus a bib, and there’s cleaning supplies—”
The boy shook his head, only to point at the blue and purple mottling on Tony’s side.
. Would you not be concerned if I displayed my body in the way you did yours? Would you want to watch other Alphas’ eyes roam over me?”
“Not really, but every time there’s even a small hitch in their relationship, I’m ready to call in favors,” he said softly, “Tony’s my best friend, man. He’s already been through—
At the boy’s nod, Tony stood and went back over to Steve, smiling as he saw the blond staring at the photo on PJ’s nightstand.
“With a beer,” he amended.
Still, he didn’t feel like the companionship after that comment, so he dutifully went and plopped himself down next to the fire, poking at it with a stick to keep it going. He watched the various Avengers attending to their own tasks, noting Thor and Bruce’s absence.
, Tony silently begged the crowd, accidentally letting out a quiet whimper of defeat.
“You do not like it when daddy does not pay attention to you, huh?” He soothed, nuzzling at Peter’s cheek and kissing him there, “I apologize, my love. I will try to be more awake tomorrow so we can spend time together. Perhaps Steve will take us out to see the city, if we ask.”
He turned to glare at Rhodey, who only gave him and Peter a tired smile.
with hearts around it.”
“Is he
,” Tony argued, “He is only that kind of person. I am sure he would have done the same for any of the others.”
There was silence for a moment,  then Tony cleared his throat and said in a slightly watery voice, “Say that again?”
He shuddered, making a face as he plated up the shredded chicken and cooked rice.
Tony grimaced. “I think he is cranky from not having me around, but other than that, he is fine. Bathtime went about as it usually does. Your turn?”
“At least it is over, and despite our losses, we did manage to capture their strongest man,” he said, trying to reassure Tony, “Perhaps you should see him with me. If you know him, you could give advice on how to get information from him.”
Tony smirked, leaving the rest of the room in stunned silence for a moment. Bucky went so far as to lean out of his seat, just so he could make eye contact to glare. Steve, of course, was too distracted by his phone to notice.
“Good gods, Thor, give a man some warning,” Tony managed, slumping down in his chair as he flicked his eyes up to the guilty-looking Warlord, “I do not know how such a large fellow is so light-footed, but
Tony only stroked him a few more times before Steve’s back bowed and he was coming, shooting all over his chest. He barely got through the first orgasm when Tony moved his hand under his knot and squeezed lightly, forcing his body to believe he had knotted inside. Steve screamed when the second orgasm ripped through him and tears ran rivulets down his cheeks during the third. Tony could barely hold on long enough to watch, and once Steve clamped down somewhere between his second and third, he buried himself as deep as he could and came with a strangled groan.
Steve shrugged.
“Okay, to be fair, you didn’t tell me anything, and from what the others said, I really thought he knew and you were just beating yourself up until you eventually coaxed yourself out of even going for the relationship,” Rhodey explained gently, putting a hand on Tony’s knee, “Tones, dude, he’d be good for you. And maybe you could loosen him up a little.”
“I…see. Why did he give this back to me? I thought Steve—uh, the Prime, was going to keep it,” Tony asked.
tell him if you do not.”
, and you’re doing that thing where you immediately assume people are looking for someone else because when you
“You should go see,” the Captain encouraged, “Then head to the living room. Team meeting.”
sort of morals, but I guess not.”
“Dude, you never told me this much shit was going down,” Rhodey said first, pulling up his own chair to sit on Tony’s other side, “I knew things with your dad was strained, but hell, not like
“At least my glutes are getting a good workout,” Tony muttered to himself.
“...I am fine. Hot, maybe, a little dizzy, but nothing I cannot handle.”
He held out a hand to Steve and helped him step into the warm water, only letting go once he was sure the other man was settled. He knelt by the bath and gently swirled the water with his hand, attempting to diffuse some of the heat of the water. It was strange, to willingly participate in an act that he had previously deemed as overtly gendered, but if Steve would wash his feet, Tony had no issue with washing Steve’s body.
Steve tilted his head and seemed to regard him, then motioned at Peter and gently patted Tony’s upper chest.
Tony reached into his shirt and pulled out his stolen family crest, throwing it at the Prime carelessly. A wash of fearful pheromones doused the room, but no one moved to protect the Prime. Instead, the man easily grabbed it out of the air and looked at it, his face paling under the warpaint as he ran his thumb over the jeweled object. He looked up at Thor and spoke again, handing the crest off to the Alpha to his left.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments and joined me on this journey. There will be one more chapter--the epilogue--and then Spliced will come to a close.
, and there is a child present.”
Somewhere deep in his chest, the bond flared to life, torching his insides with jealousy. He gasped and nearly fell over from the sheer force of the emotions, flailing an arm out to steady himself on the wall. Even Peter caught the wave and woke up with tiny pained cries. Tony immediately pushed through the heat and tucked his nose into Peter’s cheek, hushing the babe while calming himself with the baby’s scent. If Steve felt guilty, it was drowned out amongst the other emotions saturating the bond.
Not even the water pressure.
“Fuck easier if it means you try to kill yourself at the end of the day, Anthony,” Natasha said, sitting on the end of his bed, “I’m glad you’re not dead, just so I can kill you myself.”
He tried to blink away his tears, reaching over to the side table to grab the small cup of water with a straw to offer to Tony to drink. Somehow, he kept his hands steady enough so Tony could sip some of the water, helping to ease his cough.
“Then I better take advantage,” Tony murmured right back, giggling.
“We are not,
“May I ask you something?” He murmured.
“Oh, so you yell at
He rubbed his forehead and left his hand over his eyes, pretending that his shoulders weren’t hitching with every sob that fell from his lips. Tony,
With her nod, Fury retreated into the cockpit of the jet, leaving the six to their own devices. Once the door was shut, Tony felt his shoulders relax, knocking his head back against the seat.
Parting ways, Tony made his way down to the elevator, shifting PJ slightly so the boy was leaning against his chest. Still extremely concerned, Tony groused at how the slow the elevator was, mildly cursing at it as it opened onto the medical wing. As requested, a few nurses with a hospital bed were standing by, ready to help get PJ settled. As they whisked the boy away, a nurse sat Tony down with a packet of forms, reassuring him that he could go see PJ once the paperwork was done.
Already starting to shiver, PJ looked warily at the water, fear evident in his eyes. Slowly, Tony put his hand out, waiting for a few beats until the child shakily placed his own hand on top. Taking that as an okay, he dipped the cloth in the water and awkwardly lathered it up with one hand before squeezing out the extra water. Carefully, he took the cloth to PJ’s skin, whispering comforting words as he cleaned the grime and stickiness from his small form.
“We’re bulletproof, so it shouldn’t matter,” Tony murmured, “J, we got bogeys?”
. I would do anything for you, you know that,” Rhodey interrupted quietly, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder, “And yes, that seems to include taking extra time off, but I don’t mind. I like spending time with you, and I want to be able to say I was there for you when you needed me most. I already screwed that up once, and I won’t do it again. Alright?”
Bruce had laughed and Tony had shrugged it off, but now that they stood outside with Peter asleep in his arms, he could not help but think about what he said. Since Steve had left, Tony had found himself craving the Alpha’s scent, even though he had never really noticed it before. He cuddled Steve’s pillows, slept in his clothes, and buried himself in Steve’s bed to try and keep the smell on him for as long as possible.
“How is he?” Steve managed first, meeting the doctors halfway.
There was a positive noise from his shoulder, making Tony laugh and groan as he tightened his grip.
“Yeah, I meant you,” Tony sighed, going over to his favorite recliner, “Alright, we’re going to sit down, okay? My old man legs are tired already and you’re squirmy with being held. Ready?”
,” Natasha said, stepping forward to kneel down to PJ’s level, “My friends want to meet you. Is that okay?”
“You know you can just call me Steve,” he mumbled, “But I’m afraid for the kid. Kidnapping isn’t exactly playtime.”
“Look,
“If you’ll excuse us, we have a bed to finish making,” He answered, changing the subject, “If you’re that upset over your mocha chocolate chip, Clint has some in the freezer he thinks I don’t know about under the sink in his private bathroom.”
“Are you jealous that Rhodey is an Alpha?” Tony asked once they were alone, rolling his eyes when Steve’s eyes went wide, “Oh, do not take me for a fool. All Alphas growl over their territory when another approaches. He and I are friends, not bondmates, and we never would be, anyway.”
“Better,” Tony answered, padding into the room, “Nat’s feeding him. I came in search of clothes and maybe a few books to try and entertain him while we all try to discuss what we’re doing.”
Tony started up his breathing exercises, mentally counting through them as he tried to keep himself calm, attempting to come to terms with the news and the surprisingly comforting weight on his hand.
“Yes. I’ll stay put,” Steve answered, turning to clasp Rhodey’s hand, “Go save the world, Colonel. I can play house until it’s safe to go.”
He smiled gently as the child nodded and scooted over, allowing him to slip under the covers. Once PJ nearly attached himself to Tony’s side, he wrapped his arms around the boy, rubbing circles on his back to try and help him go back to sleep. After a minute, PJ pulled back, shaking his head with a soft whine.
“As long as she does not hit below the belt, it should be fine.”
“Okay, wives. I’m going to ask you three questions. Put one answer per piece of cardstock, okay?” Natasha asked, resettling herself on the chair at the front of the room, “First question: What is your spouse’s most irritating habit? Bucky, we’ll start with you.”
He realized that Steve knew what he actually meant, but the Captain thankfully shut up and nodded, leading Tony out of the kitchen. They headed upstairs to one of the smaller bedrooms, finding PJ fast asleep in bed.
“I zipped it today, so it's not coming off ‘til I say so. Get a damn coat.”
“Warm,” Steve murmured into Tony’s skin, kissing the bruised bite marks he’d left on his shoulder.
Peter blinked up at him and began to gum his fingers, so Tony hushed him and gently pulled the digits away, only to have the baby screw up his face and cry. No doubt the hunger he felt exasperated his fussiness, and his cry soon turned into a full-blown wail with large tears rolling down his cheeks to soak the top of his dress. Tony tried to console him, bounce him, cuddle him, whatever he could think of, but to no avail—thankfully, Steve soon returned with a wineskin in his hand, looking concerned. He handed over the wineskin to Tony once he had rejoined them, watching as Tony took a sip of the milk first to make sure it was safe. Satisfied, Tony tipped the wineskin down and shushed Peter, sighing in relief when the babe began to drink and settle.
“Mhm.”
“Right. Of course. Okay. You need to take the kid—J, call Bruce and have him meet us in the kid’s bedroom,” he said, pouting at Steve as he continued to giggle, “Asshole, take the
Moving his gaze up from PJ to Steve, Tony took in the Captain’s sad smile and fond look at the child between them. He stayed quiet, silently encouraging the other to continue.
Their hips ground together and he let out a soft sigh at the heat, moving Steve’s hand into his hair and turning his head to nose at Steve’s cheek. He dared not open his eyes lest he ruin the moment, but the Prime had not moved away, so he took it as an invitation to adjust them as he pleased. It took some shifting and wriggling for him to get comfortable under the new weight; his body was thrumming by the time he finally settled, hard and tense against Steve’s abdomen despite his exhaustion. He wanted to give into it and take the pleasure, even though in his subconscious he knew that once he crossed that line, there was no going back. There was something about physicality that pulled him in, but in the end, he had to admit that he needed the rest. If he still wanted Steve when he woke, he could accept it, since he knew he would be able-minded. Satisfied in his decision, Tony let his mind drift and he went under.
“We argued about the baby again, but it was really my fault for misunderstanding him,” he grumbled, “And then--I do not know. He has just been making me so
Steve opened his mouth to warn Tony, but Bucky shook his head, clearing his throat.
“Move! Move! Move!” Another guard shouted as they stumbled into a turn, causing Tony to grunt from the pain in his side.
“Go on,” Tony said to PJ, nudging him as he looked at Steve’s outstretched arms, “He won’t hurt you. I’ll come see you once I’m done here, okay?”
“Are you ready to behave yourself?” He asked.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony snorted, rolling his eyes, “Once he gets leave, he’ll come visit. He’s not all too thrilled with the name, but I think that once he meets the kid he’ll change his mind.”
“Evening, fellas. What can I do for you?” He said, attempting to keep his cool, despite the advancing agents.
“Ow!—yeah, yeah, I get it,” Steve grumbled, taking his hands out of Tony’s pockets to put them protectively over his chest, “I’ll read it once and hand it over and not say anything about it. I promise.”
“No. Relieved, actually,” he admitted, moving to rinse out the washcloth again, “We fought a lot over the years on how to tell you,
Steve guided them into the dining hall, where a feast of a breakfast had been laid out. Clearly, most of the others had eaten already, as large swathes of empty plates littered the tables. Unfazed, Steve pulled out Tony’s usual chair for him, pushing him in once he had settled down. Surely, he thought he would have been used to the odd chivalry the Prime displayed, but Tony still found himself surprised, turning around slightly to watch the man begin filling new plates with food.
“Are you for
“Shh, my darling, I know you’ve been through so much,” he whispered, pulling back to smile sadly down at the whimpering child, “Try and sleep, yeah? I’ll watch over you. No one will hurt you. Not while I’m here.”
Steve nodded, a fond smile on his face as he watched PJ curl up to Tony’s chest, reaching up with one hand to pat at the silhouette of the arc reactor shining through his shirt.
“Kids?”
Tony rolled onto his side and tucked himself up against Steve’s chest, taking a moment to breathe in his calming scent and bask in his warmth.
Peter babbled a response and Tony nodded, then scooted off of the bed so he could pick him up and set him on his hip while Steve stood and opened the bedroom door for them. As they passed, Tony tried to ignore Steve’s smitten look, but it was difficult when he could feel the love burning their bond.
“There’s a lake, but it's muddy,” Steve offered tiredly, leaning his full weight onto him.
The Alphas come to an understanding, Tony finally makes his thoughts about the Prime's outfits known, and their future begins to come into focus.
Steve barely got halfway down the elevator ride before chickening out.
“What?” Steve said, confused.
“That’s worse.”
Looking across the table, Tony gave a gentle smile to PJ, seeing the boy’s wariness at the sandwich in front of him.
“Steve, kneel down,” Tony asked quietly, resisting the urge to pull the boy into a hug and carry him off, “You’re looming over him, at this height.”
Letting Steve take it in for a moment, Tony finally looked him in the eye, surprised to see gentleness.
Like a cold breath on the back of his neck, Tony shivered as he felt the hairs on his neck stand up under Steve’s gaze.
“Tall? Pretty freckles? Yeah, Pep’s a dream girl. You’d like her,” Tony said, wanting desperately to look but not wanting to see Steve, “She’s…feisty. Pepper Potts.”
“Hey,
Sucking in a breath, Tony steadied himself and waited for the white coats to finish talking amongst themselves before striding into the room. He waited for PJ to be returned to his bed and wheeled out of the room, then turned his attention to the SHIELD agents.
protect you.”
“No! No!” He giggled, having to gulp down breaths.
Tony shook his head.
With one last furtive glance at Steve, Bruce nearly ran from the room. Tony mentally noted to ask Thor about the oddness he had witnessed, but the thought was quickly interrupted by hands on his back and legs. He squeaked and tightened his arms around Peter as he was unceremoniously shoved over, frowning when Steve then clambered into the already small bed and tucked himself up against him.
Coulson rolled his eyes up to the ceiling and said, “Yes, James. Hair growth, enlargement of genitalia, bone expansion and solidification, and various and sundry other intricacies.”
Without taking his eyes off of Steve, Tony dried himself off and tied the cloth around his waist, allowing him to secretly peel off his now-ruined undergarment and toss it into the pile of his filthy clothes. As soon as he was done, he took Peter back from Steve, checking the baby over just to make sure he was still okay. The baby merely snuggled into Tony’s chest and settled, giving him some comfort.
“I would have if I had wanted you to move.”
“Hey, hey, shhh, you’re going to throw yourself into a panic attack,” Tony interrupted, “C’mon. Breathe, Steve. In and out. I know that nice government juice took out your asthma and shit, but your brain can still go into hyperdrive. Still, let’s not talk about that right now, let’s get you into a better space so we can go home and cry over how much we love each other and how traumatic all this shit has been in
“What has got you all riled, love? Are you scared?” Tony murmured, putting Peter up to his other shoulder in the hopes that the skin-to-skin contact would help him calm, “You have been good with sleeping, surely you cannot be tired?”
“You’re alright. Almost done, okay? You’ve been so good, I bet Ste—I bet Papa will even read you a bedtime story,” Tony soothed, finishing up the child’s legs and feet, “Okay, just your hair. Let’s get—”
disgusted by him, so Tony started to relax and let the Alpha pull him in to tuck him up against his chest. It was nice, really: the touch, the comfort, the smell of a content Alpha…It made him want to curl up against Steve and fall asleep, but then the parchment on the drafting table caught his eye.
Just as he managed to get his arms around the boy, PJ let out an ear-splitting scream, fat tears starting to roll down his face once he realized he was being taken away. Steve winced at the noise but didn’t let go, carrying the thrashing child out of the room. As soon as they were gone, Tony turned to the nurse, nodding for her to continue.
Rhodey sighed and set his fork down, twiddling his thumbs in his lap as he thought.
“Green,” PJ answered, bouncing a little on Tony’s thigh.
,” Bucky cooed, pitching his voice up and taking Rhodey’s hands in his own, “I can’t be-
“I was required to take lessons on it, in case I ever needed to patch myself up,” he said carefully.
“Actually, it’s everyone’s business since your room isn’t soundproofed,” Natasha said.
“It really is a sight to see how connected you two are,” Bruce said, awkwardly changing the subject, “I knew that parent-child bonds were strong, but I have never seen anything like this.”
“Enough now, little rabbit. You will upset Peter if you scent more like this,” Steve said quietly, squeezing his hip again, “Let us return to the dining room and have our friends distract you for some time, yes? After we all separate for bed and have Peter settled, we can go for a walk if you wish.”
“Maybe so, but you left Clint and Rhodey behind—”
“Do you want to take him?” Steve said nervously.
He reached over to grab the cup of water to offer to him, from which Tony happily took a small drink to ease his throat. Leaning back with a sigh, Tony sadly rustled his cuffs, turning a pleading look to Rhodey. He pouted ever so slightly, only to grin when Rhodey relented.
The group looked at Bucky, who shrugged.
“Shut up,” Tony hissed, “I will explain later, but
“Welcome back, Sir,” JARVIS’ voice filtered through, “How was your excursion?”
His face immediately dropped, and he could see that Pepper was about to say something, so he scooted to the front of the group to find his butler exiting the family limo.
“You okay?” Steve yelled, “Grab my hand, we’ll get you out!”
Thankfully, Rhodey quieted down and Tony got up, keeping his shirt over his nose as he went back over to Steve. He patted his chest and pulled him out of the room, ignoring Steve’s petty behavior.
“No one’s going to get us, Captain tight—uh, just take your shoes off and get in,” He said, biting down on his curse, “Please?”
“You want to make that a bet?”
The ring of Avengers fell quiet as they stared into the fire, the mood suddenly feeling much heavier as their reality set in. They were well and truly stuck in the Savage Land, and even with their small camp, there was no telling how long it would last, considering the highly carnivorous animals that roamed the dark forest. The one that Steve was in alone.
Comments and kudos are always appreciated!!
Tony finally took his turn to stare back, taking his hand off his cheek to wring his hands between his knees.
“Tony, you think I don’t want to be around you?” Steve asked, his jaw tightening as his eyes flashed.
Tony shakily sat down on the bed, semi-aware of Thor’s hand attempting to steady his shoulder. He had
It was all he could ask for.
“Not…not really sure. I left Steve’s side to get Peter a doll,” he answered, shifting the baby so Peter was laying on his chest properly, “He yelled for me. I think he lost me in the crowd and got worried, but when I approached him, he grabbed my arm and dragged me off to yell—”
“You’re right. I haven’t. I read…before,” He explained carefully, “When Pepper and I were together, we sort of…had a scare. First and last time barebacking. I kind of freaked out. I was young,
Tony blinked, hand in the air as he stared at the one drop rolling down Steve’s chest, quickly drying from the fire against his abs. He slowly reached out to touch it, watching Steve’s muscles jerk under his touch.
Tony groaned in embarrassment as Bucky whooped an ‘I told you so,’ earning grumbles from a few of the others. Steve couldn’t help but laugh, knocking their shoulders together.
, and Mother finally relented when he explained how important it was to him.
He wished Peter could talk already, but the boy’s babbling was more than enough for the moment. Pretending as though Pete was answering him, Tony continued on their ‘conversation,’ only pausing once he was satisfied with their bath and stood to get out. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and frowned, taking in his scraggly features and dark under-eyes.
Wincing, Barton waved a hand. “It’s nothing—just a difference of opinion!” he called out, but his eyes stayed focused on Steve.
(It brought of memories of too-young men standing with their draft cards, finding their effects, writing letters to their parents…)
“He did way more than I ever did to him!” Ste-Virn protested.
“Holy shit, I’m a moron,” Steve muttered.
There was a long period of silence, to the point that Ste-Virn was opening his eyes to see if they had gotten disconnected, when Byu-Kyonn said quietly, “Ain’t that what yer doin’, now? Revisitin’ yer past, so y’can heal an’ move on? You wanna know what ya missed, back then. What y’ didn’t see in ‘im, an’ why he rubbed ya th’ wrong way. I know you, Steev, I know you too well t’think that y’brought this up fer no reason. Yer conflicted, an’ I’m sure yer crush th’ size of th’ galaxy ain’t helpin’—”
Tony looked at the bed, and then at Steve.
If an omega wanted to provide their services to the army in exchange for lucrative contracts and high pay, who was Steve to tell them no? It certainly wasn’t as if he hadn’t made questionable or even monetarily motivated choices before.
“Oh, gods,” Tony muttered under his breath, ditching modesty to try and help the clearly agitated man, “Come now, I am not
“If I’m getting off, so are you,” he panted, fumbling with his pants before reaching over to undo Tony’s jeans, “That way we’re both degenerates.”
on PJ’s face forever, goddammit, he was going to.
Steve only hummed and sunk into the water, hissing at the heat on his bruises. Tony shook his head and sighed, sitting down on the outside of the tub so he could idly start washing him down.
Forcing himself through the pain, Tony took a look around, letting his eyes adjust to the room lit only by his arc reactor. Slowly, the past few hours’ memories trickled into his brain, and he froze, realizing a second body was missing.
Nearly two years had passed since he’d fallen off the roof of the auditorium and he’d only recently gotten his full motor function back. The physical therapy was paying off, considering his hands no longer shook when they were by his sides, but simple actions still gave him a little trouble. This time, he’d triumphed, which caused a warm knot to form in his belly when his boyfriend came down the stairs to see his handiwork.
Natasha nodded, moving her gaze to Thor.
“Mm. Darling, we should have breakfast ourselves before we get in on the fun. Can you go make us plates?” Tony asked when he pulled away, “And cut up the fruit into small pieces. You-know-who will most likely try to steal them from us and I do not want him to choke on anything.”
“She’s the smallest,” Bruce snorted, setting the phlebotomy equipment to the side, “Okay. First, we’ll do basic measurements, give him somewhat of a physical. Then, after we do the draw, I want to put in a request for a CAT scan.”
Tony laughed, and Steve felt his worry melt away.  He squeezed Tony’s hand to let him know it was okay.
From the corner where he had been reading details of the overall experiment—Tony made sure he did not get any papers about the child, thank god—Steve stepped out of the shadows with his arms crossed over his chest.
Tony pulled his shirt on, still not meeting their eyes, and Steve really wished that Tony would be a bit more definitive about the fact that Steve had not in fact taken advantage of Tony. Still, it was clear that Tony was working himself up to saying something, and Steve had literally just said that he shouldn’t be overbearing or assume what Tony needed or wanted.
first thought hadn’t been to join the military, except that so many lives were being lost and Steve felt like he needed to do something to help.
“You sure as hell can. I’ll do it for you, just watch.”
The Force opened before him like a tentative bloom, tendrils spiraling towards him.
Master Windu seemed to regard him, his face revealing nothing—
“Okay, if we’re going to do this, let’s do this,” Tony agreed. “Let me get a shirt. Don’t want to walk around with my nips out, after all.”
, there were people with cell phones, and yeah, New Yorkers ignored a lot of shit but this was celebrity gossip and there were paparazzi—
That… seemed like a problem. A future problem, but a problem.
Stark barked out a laugh, and a tiny thread of tension seemed to easy from his shoulders and neck. “Yeah, we probably didn’t look like the most stable bunch of adults, did we? But they—the team—they were really good. All disappeared on me, of course, none of them wanted to come back to my tower, but we worked together.” Then he squinted at Clint, leaned back in his chair. “In the right light, you know, you might even be one of them.”
“I hope Natasha or Clint grabbed your clothes. I hope you didn’t strip anywhere in public,” Steve muttered. “Fury’s pissed enough about the property damage from the last fight, he won’t like it if there was more bad press out there. Clint waving his dick around would be traumatizing, I would assume.”
“I would like to apologize, Tony,” Natasha said, turning around in her seat so she could meet the cat’s eyes. “Steve asked me to look into you, to see why Fury had assigned you to us, and once I hit your guardian I did not do a thorough job of researching him and his behaviors and mannerisms. Today was because of—”
He let his Omega tone slip out and watched Steve carefully, smirking when the Prime hurried to get onto the bed and slot himself between Tony’s legs. Noticing the crumpled bandage on Steve’s side, Tony hissed and held his legs back from behind his knees in an attempt to keep from injuring the Alpha. Oblivious, Steve reached over to fumble with his oil tin on his bedside table, gathering enough slick to lube up his cock.
“Mhm. Against Xavier’s Preparatory.”
“Okay. So, we have a place. Do we have anything else?” he asked.
Tony whimpered and flailed his hand around until he grabbed onto Steve’s hand, clutching at it for comfort. He received a squeeze in return, helping him to relax. A warmth that felt like cupping a warm mug blossomed in his chest and Tony went boneless, rolling his head to the side to give Steve what he hoped was a confused look.
, Tony thought to himself,
“J, let’s go,” Tony called, leaving the compound with the sentry armor following behind.
“Steve,” he said quietly, “Are you alright?”
, getting dick burn while we’re stranded isn’t a good idea, baby.”
“Dude. Dude…
As the chair began to tilt backward, PJ looked around frantically, scared by the sudden movement. He whimpered lightly, starting to shake as fear gathered in his wide eyes.
“Need a new arm, but Tony’s got one for me back in the lab,” Bucky said next, eyes closed with his head tipped back against the wall, “Burnt real nice along my side; it's already healing. Got grazed on my head, but it checked out.”
He paused to gauge Steve’s reaction, but he said nothing. Tony sighed and tightened his hold, wishing he knew how to convince the man that Rhodey was a good friend, nothing more.
PJ started to sob again, so Tony made the quick decision and went back over, scooping the boy up into his arms. He bounced him over to Steve and slid down to the floor, sitting on Steve’s lap and placing PJ between them.
Steve waved apologetically to a nonplussed secretary, following her pointed finger toward a hallway. They stumbled down until they reached the marriage certification office, both flushed and disheveled when they burst through the door. Without hesitation, Tony flicked out his wallet and opened it, digging out an obscene amount of money to slap onto the counter in front of a slightly terrified intern.
“James,” Rhodey said quietly, “C’mon. Let’s go get something from vending, leave him alone for a bit. We need to make a few calls anyway.”
“Okay, okay, shhh, honey, don’t you start a panic, you don’t have your medication with you,” Tony shushed hurriedly, hearing Steve’s voice start to strain, “I’m right here, nice and alive, yeah? C’mon.”
“Shall we go find out what the Alphas are up to?” He asked, standing slowly as not to aggravate Peter, “It is not very kind of them to leave us out, you know. Nor is it kind to leave your betrothed at the table alone.”
“Oh, I’m plenty angry. At Howard, at the world, at how fucked your childhood was—but not at you. Not over something like this,” Steve said carefully, turning Tony in his chair to face him, “Love, we all cope differently. And if yours was getting lost in a world where you felt like you mattered and were loved, then so be it. I’m glad—Even though I was asleep then, I’m glad that I could at least be there for you. Like that.”
“PJ, this is Pepper, but you can call her Pep, if you want,” Tony introduced, smiling fondly up at the ginger, “Whatcha want, Pepperpot?”
“You are the genius. You figure it out. Guards, take them away.”
Eventually, there was a heavy set of three knocks on the door before it opened again, this time a little more gently than before.
“He tried to kill you.
It was only a few seconds before the lock clicked, and Steve smiled, letting himself in. Predictably, Tony was hunched over at his workstation, buried in what looked like wiring. Steve carefully set the box down on the shop futon and went over to him, making his footsteps loud so he would hear him approach. He wrapped his arms around his husband and pressed a kiss behind his ear, feeling how tense he was in his arms.
PJ inched a little closer to Tony as he giggled again, shyly ducking his head so he looked up at Steve through long lashes. Smiling, Steve reached over as if to ruffle his hair, only to have PJ shrink back, his face quickly screwing up as if to cry again. Steve immediately retracted, a flash of hurt crossing his face.
. Since I’ve known you the longest, I’d like to say that I’m an expert, and therefore, you have to listen to me.”
PJ slightly relaxed at that, returning his thumb to his mouth to suck on. He leaned to peek around Tony, curiosity in his eyes.
towels. He quickly took them from the guard, padding back over to PJ to hand one to the child before wrapping his own around his waist. Then, he bundled up the tot in his own towel and scooped him up into his arms, exiting the shower and grabbing the Captain America pajamas. He followed the guards to an adjoining room to change, sighing at the nurse that was staring at him. Having lost all his modesty in his teens, Tony quickly set PJ down and dried himself off to the best of his ability. Then, turning to put his body between the boy and the guards, he quickly took PJ’s towel to get the boy dry, smiling at the child’s small smile when his hair was ruffled.
“Had a gay crisis?” Tony asked, wincing at Steve’s nod.
“You really don’t.”
PJ made a confused noise, tugging on Tony’s jeans as he said, “Daddy?”
Clint? Since when did that happen?”
He waggled his eyebrows and Rhodey gagged, waving his hand to shoo Tony away.
Steve, who had somehow managed to stay completely still and mute, finally moved, getting down on the floor to sit on his legs.
“I’ll bring you food once we’re done,” He said as PJ slipped his hand into Steve’s palm, “Stay put.”
can feel it as well,” Steve finally said, letting his arms drop, “I cannot tell where it is on your body, but it aches in my chest like a hot poker was shoved into it. As much as I respect your choices for your body, it also happens to affect
Tony giggled at that, wishing he could bring his arms up to wrap about Rhodey.
Tony sniffled and pulled back, peeking down to check on the baby. Surprisingly, Peter was calm and drowsy against his chest, slowly chewing on his own fist.
“I think Nat enjoys taking me down a few notches.”
Thor showed his cardstock, laughing happily as he clapped Bruce on his shoulder.
are we?”
You can find me at my tumblr
“It’s ghastly, I know, but it works,” Bruce apologized, capping the jar after he deemed Tony had drunk enough, “I will leave it on the Prime’s bed stand so you can have another dosage if you still feel ill tonight.”
“And the Prime?”
As soon as she was gone, Tony eyed his liquor cabinet, knowing he had stashed away a few bottles of whiskey for moments when he felt like this. However, with the knowledge that the kid would show up, he pushed down the urge to drink, forcing himself to concentrate on his work instead. Of course, he never could concentrate when he was anxious as all fuck, so he resigned himself to his paperwork, losing himself in the repetitive motion of signing his name over and over again.
Tony’s head snapped up and he stared at his best friend with eyes bulging out in disbelief.
The guard broke his stoic gaze to flick his eyes over, nodding once before turning back to staring straight ahead. Sighing softly, Tony headed back into the shower, deciding to leave his own underwear on.
While Steve puttered about, Tony grabbed a new set of clothes for him and Peter from the closet, heading into the bathroom again to clean Peter up before dressing him. Today’s dress was lavender, embroidered with silver thread that shimmered. He seemed to like it, immediately grabbing onto it and yanking it around with his tiny fist.
Steve snorted and kissed him quiet, curling a hand around the back of his neck to sift his fingers into the engineer’s hair. Tony hummed, pulling back to nose at Steve’s cheek and slip a hand onto his thigh.
“They are all… quite nice, actually. You would be surprised,” he said, “Really. I mean it. They do not care about same-designation relationships. They are sort of like one big family, and we got folded into it. I...I think I am happy here, Rhodes. At least, I think I would be happier here than back with Howard.”
“Right. And Steve helps with my night terrors,” Tony added, stepping out from around Steve as he placed a hand on the small of the Captain’s back, “You guys do that for each other too, but you don’t see
“Aunt,” Tony added on, “She always talked about you. You know, before we found you, most of what I knew about you came from her. She always had this—this
“Trying to keep my body heat up to warm the kid,” Tony answered, raising an eyebrow at Clint, “Why, do you have a better idea?”
“He clearly doesn’t want to, and besides. My child,” Tony complained, moving the child to his hip, “Maybe I don’t want Cap’s dirty gloves all over him.”
“You don’t have to be strong anymore,” Steve was whispering to him his voice wavering despite his arms remaining strong around his waist, “I’m here. I’m not gonna let him hurt you anymore. I promise, Tony. I
Tony laid there in silence for a moment, staring at the ceiling as he repeated Steve’s words over and over in his head. He pursed his lips, and at Bruce’s hum of curiosity, spoke his mind.
“Asshole,” Bucky said fondly, grunting as Tony bumped his foot from under the blankets, “Rude.”
Steve, Clint, and Natasha all turned to look at Tony, the same glance of disbelief on their face.
could see it. Which, unfortunately, included villains.
The Prime gathers his council so Tony can tell them his findings, then takes his beloved out into the city to experience the market.
“Translate, please, not all of us are good at languages,” Steve grumbled.
“J, I’m going to read these measurements off to you, then order clothing that would fit a child of that size,” Tony called.
“I apologize. The—the not being able to understand each other is going to be amusing and quite frustrating,” he breathed, “I can already tell.”
He took a careful, calming breath, attempting to keep both Bruce and himself from getting riled up.
He stuttered for a moment and cleared his throat, nervously sliding his hand down to the small of Tony’s back before retracting it completely, unsure of himself. Tony grabbed his hand and placed it on his back again, smiling when Steve seemed to gain a little more confidence.
“I need to make sure they are okay.”
“Pep was worried. We started hearing rumors about you being captured and such, so when we saw a chance to maybe check up on you, we took it. Plus, I got to knock out Justin Hammer and steal his armor. I think it was a win-win plan all along,” he explained, “And just because I am not in the formal army does not mean I am not skilled with a sword. I put up a good fight.”
he thought to himself, finding himself a bit more attracted to the short hairstyle.
, my lovely little wife that I want to protect and treasure in my stupidly clumsy hands until this earth crumbles under us. No matter how bad you might feel, how depressed you get, how much you want to stay in bed and never move again, I will be right there with you to curl up with you and hold you and feed you until you feel like you can find the strength to move again. You don’t have to be strong, Tony. I can be strong for the both of us.”
“Was I the first person you came out to? Formally?”
Attempting to push himself up into a sitting position, Tony let out a hiss of breath, his hand immediately going to his left side.
Tony shushed him and reached over to comfortingly rub his arm.
, was the only thought in Tony’s head as he sat in the playhouse, hugging Natasha, who was currently perched on his lap despite being bigger than Tony. He watched through the window as Steve scolded Bucky, who in turn was arguing back.
“It is one
to do—”
“Ah, yes. Will she be able to keep us all hidden? It may be a while before the others can get to us, if at all.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m getting to it. Let’s look at the colors, huh?”
“Alright, we’re okay,” He finally said, sitting back, “J, autopilot to the Tower. Fast as we can.”
“There we go. Such a good boy, my beautiful little bug,” Tony whispered, dropping a kiss onto Peter’s head, “We have you, darling. I promise.”
“We’ll see you Monday, Tony,” he said softly, “If you need anything, just call, okay? Mom can come get you—"
“Can I ask about her? The mother?”
“Alright, alright. No more kisses,” he teased, “You settling down now that Daddy feels a little better?”
neck and biting at the pale skin to leave faint bruises. They faded just as quickly as he placed them, making him whine in frustration.
Thor translated to Steve and let him skirt around them before turning to the room, getting their attention with a clap of his hands. Looking at the blank faces staring back at him, Tony swallowed nervously, noting the absence of the physician. As Thor introduced him in the Northern language, he studied the other Warlords; he recognized most of them from being in the throne room on the day he had arrived.
He kissed the babe’s cheeks until Peter began to squirm and giggle, grabbing at his father’s face to tug on his beard. Wincing, Tony gently pulled his fingers away and kissed them, unable to feel upset when hearing his baby’s joyful noises. Pete squealed and kicked his legs, making Tony laugh.
“Cause she’s not old ‘nough,” Steve harrumphed, “Don’t talk backs to me, Buck.”
“That’s it. See? I am alright,” he soothed as Steve picked his head up, searching Tony’s eyes for something.
“Alright, you’re with me. Nat’s taking over so you can help me muscle down a tree,” he explained.
From the bag, Steve pulled out a soft-looking elephant, a big red bow tied around its neck. With a loud gasp, PJ’s eyes went wide as he looked at it, gaping a little. He went to reach for it, only to stop and look over at his hand on Tony’s palm, nibbling his bottom lip.
“She just single-handled marched him out. Damn. Now
He choked up and bit his lip to try and calm himself, pinching the bridge of his nose to keep from crying more. Hands snaked onto his hips as Steve drew them together, mindful of Peter between them. He kissed Tony’s forehead and did the same with Peter as he rubbed Tony’s sides to try and help comfort him.
“No, Steve. Promise me, guys, you can’t tell
They all stopped when a familiar cry echoed down the hall, and then Steve was standing in the doorway with Peter bundled up in furs and nestled in his arms. It was odd to see such a large man seem so small and distraught as he tried to shush the wailing infant.
There was a sputtered curse, causing Tony to laugh as he looked over at Bruce’s hologram.
“Was—was I supposed to share?” Tony asked, confused, “Was I not supposed to eat it?”
“Not true,” Steve said softly, attempting to will away the blush that was steadily rising into his cheeks, “I--it was not my
“...Tony? Omega?”
Steve turned and raised his brow, then pointed at the table to the side of his bed. He retrieved a small lidded bowl from inside the drawer of the table and returned to the bed, crawling back under the furs but sitting upright. Tony peered at the bowl and Steve obligingly opened the lid, smiling when Tony leaned in to carefully smell it. He eyed the oily mixture suspiciously, not expecting it to be…sweet.
“You are so good for me,” he murmured as he laid back so Peter could rest on his own, leaving both of his hands free, “Just another few minutes and we can go find some clothing and something to eat.”
Tony stole one more peck before letting Steve go, blatantly checking him out as he left the room. When he turned around to join his friends, he found them already staring at him, equally smug looks on all of their faces. He blushed and scowled as they burst into laughter, then snatched Peter back from Rhodey to plonk them both on the sidelines.
of his friends over. They had always been fussy about it before since their house was fairly ornate and they didn’t want things broken, but Tony had been begging them for
He glared at Steve until the Alpha dropped his head and sighed. He did not want to be harsh, but if they were going to make their family unit work, Steve needed to step up into his parental role and begin to build a relationship with Peter. And yet, he knew how scary the feeling of being thrown into parenthood was, and the fear of accidentally hurting a tiny human. As he slipped an arm around Steve’s waist, Tony leaned against his arm and smiled at Peter, hoping that he could comfort both of his boys.
“Yes,” Tony praised, using a word he knew Steve would somewhat understand, “Thank you, Steve.”
“Okay, I’m going to go grab a doc. You sit tight,” the nurse finally said, scribbling on her chart, “I’m also going to let the Captain back in if that’s alright.”
Steve looked over at Tony for a second before turning his attention back to the child, shrugging.
“Yeah, of course,” Steve interrupted, trying to prevent PJ from scrambling up onto the bed, “C’mon, kid. Let’s give Daddy a little bit of privacy for a second, hm?”
“In his wheelchair and waiting on you, princess. Ready to go home?”
Tony nodded, taking Steve’s hand again to squeeze as they walked backstage. They watched the other students from the shadows as the play started, unable to help their giggles when Clint was trotted onstage in a donkey outfit.
“Oh. That was easier than I thought,” Tony said blankly, ignoring Natasha’s snicker, “What? I literally have
“I thought your eyes looked familiar. Maria hosted us once at the castle when she was with child, and I must say, both my husband and I were quite taken back by her gaze. More gold than brown, no? Very unique.”
“I’ll feed him,” Natasha said gently, “Clint has cheerios in the house and I’m sure Scott won’t mind sharing some of Cassie’s juice that he keeps around. You go check on Steve and find PJ clothes.”
A sharp cry interrupted his stream of consciousness, loud enough for Tony to reflexively hunch as if he was going to be hit. Realizing he wasn’t in danger, he cleared his throat, turning around to address the noise. Immediately, his heart sank, seeing PJ out of Steve’s lap, his face already turning blotchy from the large tears that ran down his face.
did you get
Steve rolled his eyes fondly and stole another kiss. If it were a different morning, Tony would happily allow more, but a scrape of teeth against his sore nipple reminded him that the baby was present. He hissed in pain and gently eased Peter away to give his poor chest a break.
“Hey, just look at me, okay? Everything’s alright,” He soothed, barely wincing as the syringe for numbing went in, “I’m going to be in tip-top shape real soon, then we can go upstairs, have some food, and maybe lay down for a book and a nap. How does that sound? You probably need a bath, too.”
, yes,
“I can’t. I know I should but—I can’t. I can’t sit by knowing that there are people out there killing
“You wanna help me decorate?” He asked, looking down at the child, “Like, put stuff up? Wait, hell, you don’t know what any of this is. You were an actual tube baby for, like, a year. Okay, Stark, get it together—”
one of the nice guards can get us a blanket, yeah? And then Papa will be here soon, and he’ll be so happy to see you, I bet he’ll even kiss your cute face because he missed you so much—”
“Yes, pumpkin pie?” Tony asked, only to have PJ’s stomach growl in the middle of his sentence, “…Oh. Yeah. Okay. J? Could you—damn it—could you ask Steve to bring down an overnight bag for PJ and food for him?”
Tony raised an eyebrow at that, but nodded, humming in agreement.
The Captain’s face went from annoyed to carefully blank, blue eyes flicking over Tony’s face for a moment.
“No. Surprised, perhaps. Bewildered. But not mad,” Rhodey said gently, “If it is what is best for Peter, then it is what it is.”
“The point of the exercise is to see how well we know each other. The better we understand each other, the more cohesive we’ll be on the field,” Steve answered from his spot on the floor, “Right?”
“No, it’s not.”
“Are we sure we got this right?”
Feeling Steve tense next to him at the plural pronoun, Tony merely kept his focus on PJ, intently watching in case he needed anything. Once the sniffling subsided to occasional hiccups, Tony cleared his throat, causing the boy to pick his head up from his knees. His small face was blotchy, dried tear tracks staining his latte skin.
Tony is a good leader, Steve is a bad influence.
“Agreed,” Steve chimed in, sighing at Tony’s annoyed stare, “Tony, you have broken ribs, and we’re still making sure you don’t get an abscess at your drainage point. You don’t exactly have super healing, so you do need to take it easy. Even if it’s for a day.”
“PJ, hey, no need to hide there, buddy,” He coaxed, hyperaware of Steve
“If you think the backup is necessary, then call it in,” He decided, awarding himself a point for catching the surprise that flashed across her face, “Yeah, I don’t like him getting close to the kid, but PJ’s attached to Steve and me now, and we have the confirmed DNA tests, so he’s not going anywhere. From the sound of things, you guys might need the backup, especially for arrests and data retention.”
“You’re wrong.”
. He cried and wailed until he was red in the face, turned away from feeding, and wriggled during dressing, frustrating Tony to the point that he wished Steve had been home to work his magic to help settle the baby.
okay,” He asked quizzically, looking between the other Avengers.
Upon Steve’s return with PJ, Tony smacked a palm to his forehead, seeing the child drenched in some liquid with flecks of pink across his lips and face.
“—He’ll recognize his own eye, Tony!” Bruce talked over him, waving a hand in frustration, “None of the rest of us have bright blue eyes. Even Thor’s are too dark to be this shade of blue. As soon as Steve sees PJ with his eyes open, he’ll know. And he’ll be hurt that you didn’t tell him right away.”
Doing as he said, Tony stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Natasha, finally letting his calm act drop for the fraction of a second.
Since he had fathered the child rather than birthed him, he figured he could not produce the milk needed to feed him. Instead, he took up the wineskin full of milk and guided it to the baby’s mouth, careful to let him drink only a small amount.
PJ looked over at Clint and nodded, so he gave Tony the plate and cup back and made to leave.
“I know you don’t believe me,” Tony answered, his brows creased in concern, “It’s okay. I understand. I didn’t like it either when my Dad left me alone. I won’t do that to you. I promise. I’m going to be right here beside you, whenever you need me.”
“Join me when you’re done?”
“You want me to come up? Buddy, I don’t think I can fit up there,” Steve said gently, making a face at Tony’s smirk, “Tony, no. Get your mind out of the gutter.”
Tony gave a mock salute and slowly sat up, carefully bouncing the tot to wake him up. Peter’s sleepy doe eyes blinked up at him and he looked around, only to start to sniffle in Tony’s arms.
“You will not have me until I am
Being careful since PJ was still asleep between them, Tony leaned over to pull Steve into an awkward hug. He let his eyes close for a second, feeling the other tuck his head into his neck, staccato breaths warm on his collarbones. They stayed like that for a moment, with Steve clutching at his back, somehow small despite his physical size. Tony waited for the Captain to pull away first, giving him a fond smile as he reached up to brush away the stray tears on Steve’s cheeks.
“I resent that,” Tony mumbled under his breath.
is for you and the baby to be safe. The fact that you got to me alive and in one piece was a miracle, little rabbit. If anyone other than Thor had found you, I am sure you would have been carted off somewhere to be sold as a slave or used as a bargaining chip with Howard. Perhaps I was hasty, or too drawn in by you, to clearly think through the best path forward. I was angry that you had been hurt and the best way to keep you from ever getting hurt again was to make you mine…even if you do not need my protection.”
Natasha snapped out a sentence, clearly angered as Thor spoke quietly and physically held her back. Upset by the mood shift, Peter’s soft sniffling exploded into a wail, causing a familiar head to peek up out of the crowd of people.
“It’s an Etch-a-Sketch,” Tony answered, pouring what Steve figured was his fourth or fifth cup of coffee, “It’s from the sixties. I figured you might like it. I know you’re more of a tin dollhouse kind of man, but I’m one hundred percent certain that if you lived in the sixties, you would have had one.”
With one last kiss to Tony’s temple, she left, leaving the two alone in the room. Finally relaxing, PJ slipped his thumb into his mouth, sucking it as he watched Tony fumble open the book again. Once he got it opened and positioned right, he took a breath, beginning to read:
“Hey, y’know, why don’t we get you cleaned up first. I bet you’re uncomfortable like this,” Tony said aloud, looking over at Steve, “Papa’s gonna go get Uncle Clint to help clean up in here while I get you all ready for bed, okay? No need to be upset.”
“The dick wants what the dick wants,” Jane said faux-sympathetically, not looking as she high-fived Natasha in front of her.
He could feel Steve gently massaging the cream around him and inside of him. Slowly, the pain began to ebb away, numbed enough to be more than bearable. He barely felt Steve’s fingers slip out and he sighed quietly, letting the Alpha re-dress him and pull the furs back down to cover him.
,” Natasha said calmly, catching PJ’s worried gaze, “We won’t let anything happen to you.”
Name? Age? Serum?
Steve choked a watery laugh into his neck, and by the familiar, father-like smile and nod from the doorway, Tony knew he’d done the right thing, even if it might bite his ass later.
It was quiet for a moment, save for the sound of the water splashing as Tony rinsed him off. He carefully placed his fingertips on top of Steve’s bonding gland, unable to keep the small smile off of his face when the man whimpered.
Slowly, Tony put his arm around the tot, letting out a relieved breath when he didn’t fuss. With one hand, he managed to open the book, displaying it so PJ could see the pictures, despite laying sideways. He opened his mouth to start reading when he heard a small giggle, causing him to swivel his head. Seeing Clint have a hand clapped over his mouth, Tony flushed, having temporarily forgotten the others were still in the room.
mean?”
“You will always be the most important thing in my life, Tony. You are the love of my life, my
“Just making sure you are not bleeding or tearing,” Steve soothed, “Are you okay? Comfortable? Do you want me t--”
A large siren blared, causing Tony to scream from being startled. He immediately glared at Natasha who shrugged, watching the liquid in the tube recede into the floor and the boy be lowered. As soon as the liquid disappeared completely, the top of the tube slid down, leaving the boy motionless with an oxygen mask over his small nose and mouth.
“Just the galaxy?” Tony teased, still eyeing up the washcloth every time it inched closer to him.
“I can do that part. You go get the little one, and maybe new clothes for me?” He asked sheepishly.
Slowly, he washed down Tony’s chest, paying careful attention to his nipples. They were red and sore from Peter’s constant feeding, no doubt causing them to become extremely sensitive. Steve swallowed his shyness and tried to play with the nubs as best as he knew how, using Tony’s responses as a guide.
“I like this guy,” Bucky said, immediately grunting after being hit by someone in the room.
Thankful for the distraction, Tony took his own plate and trotted into the kitchen with Bruce, showing everyone where the trash was and making sure everything had been left relatively clean. Once roll call was taken to make sure no one had
Alpha takes their Omega when they need it, regardless if they actually
“It is alright, Thor. I am merely weary from my travels and inner thoughts chasing me,” Tony said, opening his eyes to look past Steve and smile tiredly at the man, “Being strong for the babe leads to momentary breaks, that is all.”
Bruce slowly slid his gaze over to Tony and made eye contact with him for a few seconds before returning to taking measurements.
“He did not use to be like that,” he said quietly, hammering the steel down, “He changed after I was born. He wanted an heir, yes, but not an Omega. To him, I was less-than, unworthy of being his successor. No matter who I bonded with, I was not going to continue the Stark line. I was going to be bonded to an Alpha, and then they would continue to rule in my stead. It broke him to know that our generational reign would end.”
“I trust you to let me back off if I want to. Now, let us go eat, okay?” Tony laughed, “No more talk of this. Our little secret until the morning. Promise?”
Steve shook his head and rolled them over so he was hovering above Tony, making Tony laugh at the man’s eagerness.
Steve cocked his head to the side, but Tony’s stomach made its presence know and the Prime smiled and nodded. He gestured toward the door, jogging over to open it for Tony. The hiss did not go unnoticed, so as he passed, Tony sympathetically put a hand on the spot where Steve had hit the wall.
He offered his hand to her and helped her up, grinning wildly.
He blinked and re-read the first paragraph, a million thoughts running through his brain. Cap? Cap was him, but this was young Tony, so he meant the Captain America that Howard had told him about. Not him, Steve Stark-Rogers. Clearly, this was fiction, but it seemed like Tony had put himself right into the old comics, fighting Skull and HYDRA. It was quite adorable, really, considering Tony was only twelve or so when he wrote it, so why was his husband so worried? Steve rolled his eyes fondly and settled back in his chair, propping his feet up as he kept reading:
He pointed to the mattress on the bedframe, watching the realization dawn on PJ’s face. With as much determination as a two-year-old could manage, he dragged the sheet set over and tossed it with a tiny ‘hup’ on top of the mattress. Proud, he turned with a wide smile to Tony, eyes shining brightly.
Grunting, Tony swiveled his seat around to face Steve and PJ, a proud grin on his face. The Captain merely stared back at him, about to open his mouth and scold him when the boy clapped his hands eagerly.
“C’mon guys, give him a little space,” Steve finally said once he could see Tony getting twitchy, “Let’s get him back to the Tower and we can all hang out.”
“Easy, Tasha. Do not set him off again,” Bucky’s voice said, “But she is right. Surely you can feel how exhausted Tony is. Why not go sit and cool off for a while?”
“Yeah, yeah. We get it. We won’t tell everyone that you two finally got your heads out of your respective asses,” Bucky snorted, tilting his head, “Let’s go.”
“I know, my darling. We will continue this later,” he promised, slipping his hand out with a smirk.
He heard himself get choked up, so he looked at the ground, trying to glare it into submission so he wouldn’t start to cry again. Tony’s hands cupped his face and thumbs stroked his cheeks, so he looked back up and sniffled, pouting until Tony laughed and leaned in to kiss him.
Tony gasped and threw his head back with a whine, eventually nodding.
. His voice was gravelly and low as if he were ill with the winter’s warmth. It was no doubt from growling all damn morning, and if it were not so terrifying, Tony might have laughed. Instead, he laid perfectly still and breathed evenly, hoping that the other Warlords could convince Steve to walk away.
“Da,” he repeated, patting Tony’s cheek again.
He’d gotten in touch with Loki the next break period, paid him 500 in cash for all the weed on him, and smoked out the boys’ gym room until it set the sprinklers off. Sure, he was caught, considering he reeked of marijuana, but Howard paid off the school to keep it quiet and beat him that night until he puked on the floor of the kitchen.
Bruce rapidly turned from pink to red, plucking his glasses from his face to clean on his shirt as he muttered to himself. Tony grinned, thoroughly enjoying his friend’s embarrassment.
“Is it possible to have loaded pieces of paper?” he muttered, crossing his arms as Bucky moved forward to draw.
“What? Shouldn’t we keep that?” Steve murmured, leaning down to nose at Tony’s temple, “If we need sustenance—”
“I know!” Steve gasped back, finally picking his head up, “She said they were too thick.”
And here he was, running straight into that same man’s hands, hoping that the enemy would be more accepting than his own father.
“What is happening?” He breathed.
“Sleep, my love,” he murmured, “I’ll be right here when you wake up. I’m not going anywhere. I promise.”
“Better with company,” he said, patting the space on the bed next to him.
“Go,” he mumbled, sniffling.
Tony chattered on as he went about drawing a bath, careful to test its temperature before easing them both into the water. Peter seemed content to splash around one-handed as he was bathed, tucked up into Tony’s chest. Careful to not move too quickly, Tony sat up and tilted the baby backward, making sure he was properly supported as he washed his hair.
“Bucky is another friend who lives with us,” Tony explained, watching PJ be entranced by Natasha, “He has a metal arm that I built. He’s alright. He’s one of Natasha’s significant others. I can explain what that is later: you don’t have to get that now.”
“I do not have money,” he explained frantically, clutching Peter a little tighter, “I cannot return to get any, nor can I send a letter. I do not—”
test my patience. If you upset Peter, you will have to sleep in Bucky’s room tonight.”
“Your words hurt me, honey bear.”
“That’s it. Easy now, Alpha. If you want to take care of your bondmate and your son, you have to not be feral,” Tony explained, wishing that Steve’s eyes did not look so dark and empty, “I need you to come back to me, Steven.”
“Butter Pecan,” Steve answered easily.
He moved back out into the bedroom and paused in his step, eyes focused on Steve. The Alpha was turned away from him as he dressed, strapping leather belts across his chest before dragging out a large fur cloak with a lion head hood from the closet, tossing it over his shoulders and tying it on. As if sensing Tony’s gaze, Steve turned around to catch him, an easy smile lighting up his face as he finished arranging his cloak. He looked more like a Warlord with the additional accessories, but Tony could not help but feel a bit naked in comparison.
“Nothing, Tony, I’m alright,” Steve answered, swirling around the slowly melting ice cream in his tub, “Just having an off day, I suppose.”
“Sorry, sorry, just—we’ll finish this after this gets cleaned up,” Steve said apologetically as he took PJ from his arms, “Do you need help?”
“You should have told me that I hurt you,” Steve said quietly from behind him, “You should have woken me up and let me take care of you.”
He threw up again, and it didn’t take long for the familiar sounds of asthmatic breathing to reach his ears, signaling Steve’s arrival. The arms left his waist and were replaced with Steve’s bonier arms, pulling him up and into the blond’s lap. Tony tried to squirm free, but Steve held close, wheezing into Tony’s hairline.
“So it is you, then?”
” Bucky said, his voice a rough growl that Steve knew was a result of the man trying not to cry, “Why didn’t we know sooner? Tony’s the one building weapons and sort of being the wealthiest man this side of the hemisphere, why the
The Warlord began to speak, his voice deep and rich as it flowed through his native tongue. Tony shook his head and fumbled for an attempt to explain himself, completely taken aback by the man.
“I do not understand,” Thor said, “Are not all children to be celebrated?”
“Honey, your milky tits are making too much for one thermos,” Tony snorted, rolling his eyes, “Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing.”
“If you happen to think of anything that could maybe cheer him up, let us know,” he muttered, clearly unamused, “It’s not often he lets us see him this upset.”
“Mm?”
“Glad isn’t exactly the word I’d use, but alright,” Tony answered, moving forward with a hand on PJ’s back, “And could we tone it down a bit? Kid’s kind of exhausted from the whole kidnapping-thing.”
“Not tonight, sweetheart,” She answered quietly, “There’s some other…stuff…to be worked out, first. Don’t worry, honey. We’re not going anywhere.”
The arm under him tightened and moved his arm out and up, slightly rolling Peter onto his side and in toward Tony’s bare chest. Tony turned to glare at Steve, who blinked innocently and offered a sweet, patient smile, but he knew
“Quit it, Tony,” he tried, turning away, “I’ll just go into the forest and take care—Tony?”
to tell you…this is probably one of the best surprises we could have had. I mean, it doesn’t mean I’m not going to kick Fury’s ass once I get you tucked back home, but I’m really, really relieved. I should have known, y’know. You’re the smartest fella this side of the galaxy, of
“Sorry,” Tony said around a mouthful, swallowing sheepishly, “I have not had any cuisine quite like this before. Howard always had bland food in the castle due to his indigestion. The only flavor profile he liked was sweet, so we had a lot of desserts and breads.”
“You know what, I change my mind, fuck you.”
“I’m going to talk to the nurse about discharge,” he said evenly, steeling himself to not look at Steve as he changed the subject, “I’ll return.”
Tony snorted. “Oh please, Clint. Stop acting dumb. I know you like to be underestimated, but—”
Making a slight face, Steve said quietly, “We were all in an active war zone at the time. We were not going to have the ability to provide a home or even a camp half the time for our omegas.”
“Yeah, everything wrapped up fine. Fury told me to tell you that he expects us to be able to be wheels up whenever necessary, and use the omega? If we need to. He didn’t really explain.” Sharon stepped outside the security room, and Steve took it upon himself to move into the kitchen and look up something to cook easily for lunch.
Tony slowly took the offered pillow and blanket, and then retreated to the foot of the bed and the trunk.
bed?” Steve asked, trying very hard to find the right words.
Steve paused. Normally, he would trust in Fury. Then again, Fury was the head of a literal spy organization that was funded through dark money and wasn’t well known to the average American citizen. Hell, wasn’t well known internationally, either, except by countries who hated America and hated American influence.
Up to the third floor revealed a room full of machinery he knew nothing about, slanted ceilings—clearly, up by the roof, in a converted attic—and two fairly large rooms. The largest he left alone; the second largest, he opened.
“Clint did,” Natasha agreed. “Before we move on—Steve, you have to realize, you have to be… understanding of Tony. And that Tony’s not exactly in a great place right now.”
The taller one grunted and boarded the ship. The smaller one tapped his digits against his leg before shaking his head slowly. “We did not prepare for two. I’m afraid I can’t accommodate another guest. The pay is not worth it.”
“Yeah, yeah, alright,” Rumlow sighed, and put out his free hand to Steve. “I swear it.”
Ste-Virn worried that the Rodians tipped the ring off, that they had lost the element of surprise and would never find them again, that they would have to do this all over again, they’d have to start the investigation from scratch.
to my unit. When I built my unit, one of the men was an omega, and he kept the peace between us.”
omegas have it that badly. Army or Navy omegas, sure. Omegas from poorest areas, or from the richest areas, sure. But he’s just as scared of me as I am of him.” Natasha cleared her throat and stood up. “I’ll figure it out.”
Steve followed. He might as well; once they had eaten and he’d settled Tony down, he’d call Fury and get this sorted out.
“Is—is this okay?” Tony asked.
“Just omegas who are treated like glorified fleshlights,” he snapped.
Tony turned on his heel and left the shop.
Just as Steve was about to repeat his question, the omega murmured, “Tony. My name is Tony.”
, intellectually, that people were… well, maybe not
“I knew how to make the bombs, though. But I also knew how to build other things. MIT, after all. And I was desperate.”
“Anyway. That reaction. Right there. I’ve never seen an omega have it so badly. Well, that’s not true—I’ve never seen
Tony grinned, shoving a tray into the display case. “I am, Pep. I really am.”
like I’m about to fall over.” Gingerly, he moved to sit down next to Ste-Virn and then leaned his head back against the wall. “I’m sorry.”
“He doesn’t seem to like me.”
Sharon moved past Tony, giving Steve a tight hug. He had worked with Sharon often; her shifter was absolutely amazing about getting in and out of tight spaces, and she was invaluable in the field. He was glad he was getting her, especially with Banner and Rumlow on their way. Both of them were nowhere near dependable, and with two of his six-person team (not including himself) as not reliable, it helped that he knew two of the team really well and had no doubts at all in their ability.
This was way more productive than dwelling on his dark thoughts or building another suit in his tower.
“You don’t have a fridge, Steve!”
“I actually hate NASCAR,” Rumlow—
The door opened and more customers walked in, but before leaving, Clint stood up and gently hugged Tony—to Tony’s absolute shock, he was sure. “Just—talk with them. You’d be surprised, I think. But your team deserves to know how hard you’ve been working on this.”
Steve resolved to call Fury
one another…
“No he is
“I look that bad?” Tony said, trying for a weak smile and missing the mark.
Anotoni was… a prodigy. One of the youngest to come to the Jedi Temple for training, excelling in all his studies. As small younglings, Ste-Virn had not exactly…
“I have you,” Tony said simply. “I know I have you, now. And I know you’ll protect me. That’s really all I need.”
“He should never have been treated that way! You’re head alpha, you need to report that into Fury! Whatever team he had first needs to be investigated, maybe even court-martialed! No omega should be behaving like that!”
But—but Tony was opening up about why he was up early, why he baked, what was bothering him. It was only fair if Steve tried as well.
(Clint was realizing they were all fucked up in their own little ways.)
Steve smiled into his pillow. Maybe it wasn’t exactly how he’d prefer to get Tony to stop sleeping on the floor, but if this put Tony’s mind at ease, he was all for it. And he wouldn’t be so cold at night, which was also a blessing in disguise.
He turned and walked away, and it took a moment for Tony to really understand that Steve meant it—and that Steve wasn’t waiting—before he tripped to his feet, clutched onto the lamppost in order to keep from falling (ew, sticky, what the hell, he knew better than to really
aware that I and Barton are squishy humans compared to the rest of this team. Hell, compared to
Tony grunted, whisking in the cocoa powder. “Fudge cookies. They’ll be better than those monstrosities you call cookies, at least.”
All of that was a long way of saying that he was
“Be sure to check-in soon, and send your reports. You have worried a lot of people. We had hoped that you two could work out your differences.” Master W’Lsinn’s face flickered, then steadied. “Where are you that transmissions are this weak?”
Saark’s eyes suddenly refocused, latching onto Ste-Virn’s gaze. “Then, two months later, when on a routine job to escort a diplomat from their planet to the Senate, the ship was sabotaged. No reason why. We thought perhaps it was an attack on the diplomat’s life, especially since all escape pods were malfunctioning and there was only one life support bay. It was not a very large bay, and the diplomat took priority. There was not much space left.” A hard swallow, but Saark’s eyes were cold and hard and very, very world-weary. “I suggested to my master that I could fit in with the diplomat. That I could fit in the narrow bay with the diplomat, and keep the diplomat safe.”
Natasha looked at Steve, and Steve gave her a pleading look. She was too controlled to sigh, but it looked like she was mentally calling Steve every name in the book as she looked over at Tony. “Your name?” she asked.
“I hope not,” Ste-Virn sighed.
“You mean, how’s my babysitting job going?” Natasha grumbled, phone pressed between her ear and shoulder as she folded her clothes in front of the dryer. The safe-house apartments were upstairs, over the café, and it wasn’t just her room, Clint’s room, and Steve’s room—it had a few other rooms. It was designed as a way-station of sorts—agents who were hurt on the job and on paid leave could still be useful, or make money, or even just relax in the rooms. If no one was willing to work in the café, SHIELD hired people to run it. There were still a few baristas who came in and out that Natasha ignored entirely.
Stark flinched a little, and then looked up from where he had been hunched over, eyes trained on the sticky tabletop. “Sorry, did you call my name?” he asked.
And he didn’t want to do that. He didn’t want to force Tony to take him, to like him. He didn’t want Tony to obey him, or worship him.
Clint shrugged, trying to look as innocent as possible. “He just wanted some coffee, Natasha. He didn’t recognize me. The whole point of the goggles and shit is to keep people from recognizing us, right?”
to stand out. He didn’t want to stand out. If you stood out, you were remembered, and you couldn’t get a lot of information from beings who noticed you were listening in.
It was barely anything. It was Ste-Virn’s jealousy. He knew that now, realized it when he spoke with…
speak. Steve had heard him do so. Clearing his throat, he cast about desperately for words that would in fact put this omega at ease. In the Howling Commandos, Jim Morita and Jacques Dernier had been omegas, and when the Commandos had formed, they had
long time—almost three minutes—there was absolute silence. Steve could practically
“And you must be Captain Steven Rogers!”
Natasha didn’t blink at being called sweetie, just blinked bemusedly down at the tray overflowing with cookies in her hands—as behind her, the doors opened, and another, random person came in with a tray full of… mini cakes?
“Well, I know that I was not as patient as an older student should have been with a younger one,” Ste-Virn conceded.
“I’d like to think we… know each other, by now. That we are equals, after all,” Ste-Virn tried, awkwardly.
“Well, I found that his guardian has been trying to get ahold of him,” Natasha said, voice slow.
“Hey, no judgement here. This is my job, right? Trained for it and everything.”
Sharon’s eyes narrowed. “I didn’t know you were pulled for this team, Rumlow. I didn’t even know you were back from your mission. You shouldn’t have been back, actually—I know you were on a STRIKE team and that team is still deployed.”
“What the hell happened to your fridge, Steve?” Tony shouted from the kitchen.
Clint waved a hand negligently. “He was just genuinely looking for some coffee. He doesn’t know what this place is, and he doesn’t recognize me without the whole mask and goggles shit. You had a whole helmet on, he probably won’t recognize you.”
“What would you need to explain?” Ste-Virn asked.
He wasn’t standing there any more.
—” Barton began, sitting back down and picking up the book.
“I killed my master,” Saark finally said.
When Steve could finally calm himself down, he shivered a little again, tremors running through his body, and then looked at the door. “Did someone… come in?”
Rumlow didn’t stop rubbing his thumb over Tony’s shoulder, and then he sighed. “Alright. You make a good point.”
Steve sucked in a breath as quietly as possible. “No.”
“Of course Natasha is here,” Banner muttered, and he stormed up the stairs without waiting for Sharon’s answer.
So, let them meet. Make sure that Tony received whatever message Stane had been trying to send. Give Tony options other than working for a difficult alpha who couldn’t be a
“Who do you think you have?”
Anotoni’s consciousness brushed against Ste-Virn’s own, deep-seated relief and gratitude within the surface emotions of happiness and welcome.
“You continuously refuse to use the counseling services here at SHIELD, and I have to be honest—I promised Coulson I’d watch over his two special agents. I’m not about to watch you break yourself because you can’t let go of this. You’re there for as important a reason as Barton and Rogers.”
“Pepper,” Tony managed, voice cracking, “I’m so, so sorry—”
“Are you sure you’re alright? You’re wincing, Tony,” Steve said, shifting his body sideways despite PJ’s whines, “Is that better?”
“And Widow?”
The Alpha seemed to understand and put the cloak back, closing the trunk and shoving it back into his closet. He motioned for Tony to follow him and headed out the door, pausing to make sure he was being followed.
He made air quotes and rolled his eyes.
“So, a name you don’t have any connection to?” Natasha said thoughtfully, looking up from the dossier in her lap.
“Steve,” Tony answered, actually catching himself, because wait, when the fuck were they on a first name basis—
He guided Steve to the tub and sat him on the edge, hesitantly pulling his hands away to make sure the Alpha would sit upright. After grabbing the surgical scissors from the medkit and more alcohol, Tony stepped into the tub to stand behind Steve and begin cleaning the head wound.
Seeing as the child had woken up, he let PJ stand on the bed, handing him the blanket.
“God, you are a little troublemaker, aren’t you?” Tony laughed, hoisting PJ up onto his hip as he stood.
There was a moment of silence between them as they watched Natasha compliment PJ on his new clothes; Steve spoke first.
“Oh fuck,
Tony blinked in surprise, but sure enough, a freshly showered Steve walked through the door with a large bag slung over his shoulder and PJ’s elephant and sippy cup clutched in his hand.
Rhodey seemed to understand and relaxed as they descended, but Bucky stayed ramrod-straight, even going so far as to put his hand on Steve’s knee. He squeezed lightly, trying to help ease Steve’s nerves as the plane jolted during landing, causing him to flinch forward and rip the seatbelt out of the chair.
“C’mon, I know you’ve been holding back this whole time, let go, sweet thing. It’s okay,” he continued, thumbing at Steve’s cockhead, “I’ve got you, you’re okay, come for me, Steve—”
Tony scrubbed his face with his hands, taking a deep breath to try and stave off his long-waiting panic attack. Looking up, he glanced from PJ’s confused and concerned face to the bed, an idea nearly causing a lightbulb to appear over his head.
have been reaching for Peter, so Tony twisted his body and growled again, weaker this time.
“C’mon, give him some space,” Bruce called out, hustling everyone out.
“Nope,” He answered, not turning around to face Steve, “Hungry.”
Tony kissed him to cut him off, reaching up to cup Steve’s cheek and gently thumb his cheekbone.
“Thanks, Pep. Means a lot,” Tony murmured, biting his lip with a smile.
“Yes,” Tony said without hesitation, “Absolutely.”
Tony thought the Warlord would have led the procession, but he was second-to-last, excluding the foot soldiers. He rode without holding the reins, one hand holding onto a rope attached to the horse behind him and the other tucked up against his chest. His nose was mottled an ugly blue and yellow, and Tony gasped once Steve was close, for he could see that his braid had been sliced off and dried blood was visible on the back of his head. The group stopped in the city square, surrounded by their silent subjects.
“You--ah, fuck--You did so well, I have
“So you’re
, leaving Tony alone with the album. He picked it up, opening it to the first page to see a black and white photo of a much younger Maria, sweaty and hair in disarray in a hospital bed, a large smile on her face as she cradled a baby in her lap.
“Hey.”
Once the jet had safely docked, Tony unbuckled himself and PJ, ignoring how his knees cracked in protest from the movement.
“Rhodey had patched me up. One of the stupid agents took out my chip, so we need to put a new one in somewhere. Probably my thigh. Anyway. Steve got us fed, and because I’m worried that something invasive or whatever happened to PJ, I made him leave with me in the Avengecar. Quincar. It flies.”
“I’m confused,” Steve interrupted, causing Tony to look away to not make eye contact, “Is something wrong?”
It was…a lot to take in.
“Sounds good to me. We can also do interviews here of HYDRA agents we’ve already captured from the compound,” He answered, “Besides, it’s best for now if I stay here. Our biggest concern seems to trust me, and I don’t want to set back our progress if I’m not here and he asks for me.”
Steve rolled his eyes and pulled PJ up onto his chest, allowing Tony to scoot back in and throw his leg over Steve’s legs. PJ huffed in annoyance at being moved, but Steve’s chest was warm, and he easily settled with his head tucked under Steve’s chin.
Standing, Tony re-entered his suit, flipping down the faceplate to hide his expression. Carefully, he took the boy from Natasha and cradled him in the suit’s arms, trying not to seem awkward.
“Of course, Sir.”
earlier if I’d just—”
Tony woke under the first rays of morning light, groaning softly as he pulled and stretched his arms. He smacked his lips and fluttered his eyes open, enjoying the slight warm buzz of waking up in a warm bed. Content, he rolled over onto his side to go back to sleep, only to pause once he saw Steve sleeping next to him. The Warlord was snoring softly, twitching in his sleep as if he was deep in a dream. The movement dragged Tony’s eyes downward over Steve’s bare back and hips, coming to rest on the swell of his ass. It took a moment for his brain to catch up with him, and once he realized that he, too, was naked, drew in a sharp breath.
“But I
,” Scott repeated, glancing between Tony and Steve, “You guys have a
“It is from a very small village in France, and it costs more than your entire existence—”
“It’s okay. I’m not a fan of the tail,” he sighed, pouting as he looked over his shoulder at the offending cottontail glued to his pants, “I can’t sit.”
“That’s it, big boy, nice and easy,” Tony crooned, purring once he felt the head of Steve’s cock brush up against his rim.
“No, no, of course not,” Steve said hastily, stumbling over his words, “I--I suppose it does not
“He is not wrong. My father is a vile beast who cares about nothing but himself,” Tony said, meeting the Prime’s gaze, “That is why I have come here. He fears your legacy and would not risk losing himself. He would rather have a dead son.”
“Sleazy? Not as good?” Steve finished, feeling a bit defeated.
“Either way, we know what happens when bonded couples do not attend to each other’s rut or heat. We need a solution to have them together without the risk,” Bucky cut in, no longer having to strain against Steve’s escape attempts, “What does Bruce know? Is there something you can use to...”
Stark was… a whole other ballgame. He was someone that had been sarcastic at turns, cutting, and downright an asshole.
because there was no way he dropped into ice and came back to something like this. It made no sense.
Tony mrowed loud and indignant.
It felt like forever, but probably only a few seconds before he turned to face Saark. Saark was still dirtied a bit, a smudge of grease on his cheekbone.
. Not unless he explicitly wants that.”
, because this young man had been unsafe for
Steve cut off, frustrated and furious at himself without really knowing why. After a few moments, Natasha craning her neck to frown out the window at Stark and Clint, she turned back to him and patted his shoulder. “My guess? He relates to your past, and so you want to connect, but he’s also
Fury grumbled a little under his breath. “I have my suspicions.”
Steve blinked, and glanced at Natasha, who looked equally surprised. “No…” he said slowly. “We just assumed—there’s almost no male omegas in the military.”
Now he had a family.
Clint would be the first to admit he didn’t understand the adversarial relationship between Tony and Steve, but it worked for them, and Steve was both more engaged in the present day and more settled nowadays than he had been back when they’d all been banished to this safe-house. Tony had been good for him, in many ways, and getting to interact with people regularly who had no idea Steve was, well,
“I couldn’t
run headfirst inta danger.”
Steve breathed in deeply, reached for the Force and tried to breathe out his frustration and anger. Processing emotions had always been hard, more so after his first Master’s death, the trauma that happened to his best friends, and then the fractious almost-year with Saark and their shared, temporary Jedi Knight Filliph Kulsi. Master S’m had been better at teaching him how to handle it, but Ste-Virn… knew this was his weakness.
Tony’s brown eyes jumped over to Steve’s, nothing but betrayal and hurt in them, and he turned on his heel and walked out of the room.
“But those are just excuses. We should have told you. We didn’t. But we liked getting to know you. Who else is going to make Natasha smile, or make Clint laugh hysterically? Who else is going to… help me open up the shop, talk with me about how fucking stupid politicians are?”
Suspicion lingered in Stark’s eyes as he said slowly, “You just want me around to capitalize on my fame.”
As if it was nearer to the canal.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Tell him I’m sorry. Hope he forgives me.”
no,” Clint joked, patting Tony on the back. “No, we don’t let Steve do anything except take the pans out of the oven.”
—said conversationally. “I just know Clint and Sharon hate it, and so I put it on whenever they’re around.”
Steve couldn’t help himself; he snorted, fighting not to laugh. At that response, Tony slowly unfroze, his face twitching into a small smile.
), and began setting aside a plate with samples from each tray.
That—made no sense at all. Clint tried to feel his way around that, and, yeah, no. “Fuck-up? What?” he asked incredulously.
Ste-Virn bit back his automatic, defensive retort. They were both on edge. They’d been trying to find any one of the traffickers,
“Do you
Swallowing hard, he lifted the cover and began to descend the ladder, letting the Force gently move the lid so that it made no sound lifting or lowering again. He kept his eyes closed—it would be pitch-dark anyway; there had been no lights or illumination he could see when peering down—and instead focused on Anotoni’s energy. It was dim, certainly nowhere near the level or amount that Anotoni normally gave off.
The smuggling ring he’d been assigned to investigate over three months ago had been a kriffing mess to figure out. It hadn’t helped that his original goal had not been to break up the smuggling ring, merely identify how the ring was getting its hands on certain rare crystals the Jedi Council officially only sold to certain merchants. It had morphed and evolved and now, Ste-Virn just needed to physically travel to the Rim planet the ring used as its headquarters. Not only would Ste-Virn put a stop to the circulation of those dangerous crystals, but would rid the world of a group of mercenaries who had no trouble dealing spice, slaves, and seismic disruptors to anyone with enough coin (and, in the case of the spice, to people
Omegas, Steve had found out after he’d been woken up, had a lot more rights now, but some things never changed. He’d realized that when he’d gone into the SHIELD barracks he’d been provided two days after being released from medical and saw a kneeling O at the feet of an alpha Steve only vaguely recognized from walking down the different hallways in medical.
“A rebuke to your skills, this is not,” Yoda said gravely. “Another Jedi’s case, your case touches. Equal work, both of you have done. Aid the other, you both can.”
“It’s not!” Barton whisper-yelled at him. “It’s not out of context, but it’s also not what SHIELD stands for! We know Army, Navy, hell, the Air Force—all of them use their omegas hard and expect certain behaviors, but SHIELD is outside that structure. Our omegas aren’t something that we get a lot of, and we know that.
know that. What else didn’t he know, that he should? How badly would he upset or offend this omega before they even properly became a team? “So… I should leave him alone?”
Fury refused to say whether he could or could not punish Tony’s previous team. Fury didn’t always tell the truth, if he was worried that the team wouldn’t take the information well. Fury lied, sometimes.
all of the food. Then he remembered Steve’s disappointment that he didn’t get to see Tony in the morning, and how much Steve loved Tony’s cooking (
Steve had a sneaking suspicion that the omega thought he
(He reminded Steve of Bucky, in some ways.)
But Anotoni steamrolled right over his words. “He didn’t know about the plan, and just like I had a bad feeling on our plane with our pilots, I had a feeling about where our case needed to go next. I needed Ste-Virn to trust me—and he did. He followed me, and saved me and all these other people. So there’s no need to be upset at him. Master. Jedi Knight.”
Stane looked at him, and for a moment, a split second, Steve saw the calculated businessman underneath, the person who clearly thought of Tony as dollar signs and investments into business mergers. “But of course, he’s been special all his life! I suppose he’s probably managed to do well for himself in the military. He always had a way about wrapping people around his whims, after all. It sometimes takes a bit to be firm with omegas, I know. It’s very easy to want them to be happy and satisfied, and there’s been many an alpha that went head-forward into that trap. I always say it’s important to remember the roles granted us by orientation. There’s just some things that omegas are better at than alphas, and there’s just some things that alphas are better at than omegas.”
Anotoni had closed his eyes, but when Ste-Virn had stopped talking and there was nothing but silence for the space of a few heartbeats, he breathed out, long and slow. “You really meant that.”
Clint wasn’t exactly the sharpest crayon in the box—but he saw everything. It was his whole deal, what defined him and made him who he was.
SHIELD and worked with the engineers in house. He had absolutely had all opportunity.
“Is that all you have?” Steve asked skeptically.
Natasha laughed, taking her empty beer bottle and the book she had been pretending to read in her hands. “Steve, you should know by now, that’s my literal job.”
Shoving the memories aside, he continued, “I’ve never had… well, that’s not true. I’ve never had an omega
Well, to be honest, she really didn’t like that she was here, sitting in a room, babysitting two men who were in pain and she was supposed to help. She was a spy, and a damned good one. She was used to weaseling information out of people, but to do it as a therapist for these damaged men—
Rumlow rolled his shoulders and tossed a smirk her way. “Sweetheart, they just couldn’t handle me, I guess.”
Tony jerked upright, blinking, looking just a little hungover. Steve frowned—Tony had been cutting back on drinking, he said, and it worried Steve that Tony had been drinking last night. “You okay?” he asked.
Because, as Steve and Natasha were finding out since they turned around, Tony was sitting there, naked. Only this time, for some reason, there was a glowing circle in the center of Tony’s chest, in the place where a normal person would have a sternum.
Steve immediately decided that he needed to find this colonel and bring him around so that Tony had a friend he knew.
“Easy, big guy, I’m a lot to look at, aren’t I? Poor Brock’s been champing at the bit for a taste of omega, it’s been almost six months, and everyone’s waiting for the big bad alpha’s say-so that the omega can finally be with someone else. I’m always in your room, alpha, always by your side. You don’t let me out of your sight. Stands to reason that people are getting… antsy.”
Snapped out of his own (quiet) meditation to try and ignore the whirlwind of disruption that was Saark, Ste-Virn nodded and pulled out his holoprojector and threw up the faces of his suspects. “Yes, of course, Master Windu. I’ve been working with my contacts on trying to identify a new trafficking ring that is operating primarily in the Gaulus sector of the Outer Rim territories. Trafficking and slavery has always been a concern in spice mines and their usage, but these specific mines are underneath a company called ‘Indenaturing Mining’ and all workers for this company are labeled as ‘contract-workers only.’ This has caused the company to have been accepted in many non-slave-holding planetary systems to set up mines, because of their supposed usage of workers who voluntarily accepted high pay for the risk of working in spice mines. Yet multiple missing persons cases can be traced back to this company and these always seem to be ‘simple clerical errors’ and the company itself claims no knowledge of it. I’ve been tracking these three beings in particular, because it seems like all my missing persons’ cases can be traced back to one of these three. They are listed as ‘consultants’ and receive erratic paychecks from the company, but so far their presence has been waived as mercenaries protecting shipments. I’ve been trying to find one of these shipments, ascertain what the shipments are exactly—as I suspect they’re shipping beings into slavery—and record proof that high enough officials in this company have in fact been aware of exactly what services and shipments these beings have been providing the company.”
Natasha tried not to feel guilty. She didn’t need to, she knew she didn’t, but the fact that she actually saw Tony regularly and Pepper had been desperately trying to get Tony to go to a therapist and only now decided to—
Steve made it to Central Park, trying very hard to hold on to his lion. It hadn’t been happy, meeting with Obadiah Stane and waiting in that room as Stane had spoken so…
—well, Steve could do that. He was sure of it.
“I’ll think about it,” Steve muttered.
(Saark had become very careful on how to speak to Ste-Virn—Ste-Virn could see him trying, trying his best to reword what he was trying to say before it came out of his mouth. He was trying to bring up his concerns and suggestions in a way that wasn’t combative, and it was why Ste-Virn thought these past two weeks were some of the least aggressive, most positive days he had ever spent in Saark’s presence, and he’d lived with the man for nine months.)
When Clint finally got time to breathe and do something other than triage the massive flood of food, he noticed Tony Stark slumped in his ‘customary’ chair, huge sunglasses perched on his face, a split lip and a bruise on his cheekbone.
their thing. They put their hand out, or tilt their neck, and the scent of them or the hormonal triggers or
“You’re doing well, I see.”
Steve nearly decided to back out. He hadn’t gotten on well with Stark during the whole alien thing, and that was with Stark clearly showing knowledge about the project that had given Steve the serum. Not that Stark knew his name—he seemed limited to just general knowledge, or at least he hoped so—but it had rubbed Steve wrong that this Stark could be so similar and so different from the Howard Stark Steve could remember. Everything he’d seen about Stark…
Standing up, eyes still closed, Ste-Virn made his way through the shadows, letting the Force guide his movements. The canals, but he needed something more to narrow it down. No smell of leather or cloth, so not one of the textile factories. There were also a few junkyards, and a couple of other warehouses for steel machinery.
* * *
He’d have to tell Tony to watch out, and to let him know if Rumlow did anything unwanted.
Tony stumbled into the café. It was later than he would normally come, but yesterday—Abomination had come out, and that had been a
No security cameras out here, but there might be in there. He would have to be careful, and quiet.
“Byu-Kyonn,
“Okay?” Steve asked, watching Tony get up.
, you know—do you know what I mean? Why are you—you can speak to me. You can answer me. Unconditionally.”
Immediately, Tony turned towards her, face lighting up. “It’s ready? Great! Let’s go, alpha,” he offered, pulling Steve towards the kitchen.
as possible—yesterday had been a nightmare. He almost didn’t come, but he knew they worried about him, and he wasn’t as badly beat up as that warehouse shit that was a few weeks back.
Groaning, Steve turned to the bags that were on the ground—food items, a lot of those chips and snacks that he’d seen other SHIELD agents eating in the mess hall, and some real nice ingredients—and focused on putting the food away.
Coffee places opened early, right?
Fury had told him to come here and “acclimate to society,” as if Steve was a feral cat that needed to be tamed and brought inside. So here he was, and the absolute mundanity of the job was almost too terrible to comprehend.
Steve Rogers had his shoulders hunched, his head down, and he knew what it was like, with everyone staring. He hated people staring at him, Tony knew, he knew because he had had a lot of talks with Steve, but Steve could have been lying—
And another.
“If he comes, I’ll just tell him you’re sick. You need to get off those knees and legs—” Clint could still remember the cut-off scream as Steve landed wrong, jumping from a window as they tried to stop the sale of salvaged alien technology to underground buyers, “—and rest. If he shows up, I’ll let him know he can see you tomorrow.”
And it was shellshock, Steve wasn’t an idiot. He’d seen old Mr. Hayes on their street, after the First War, and he’d seen what it was like to live with shellshock. He’d helped out around the man’s apartment and did his best to make things easier for him and Mr. Hayes friend, and he never begrudged the man that kindness and acceptance.
The one thing they had not tried to do—though Saark had tried to float this idea at the very beginning—was put one of them out as bait.
Steve hesitated a moment, and then decided to bull on through.
“What?” he asked.
(And that was the biggest accomplishment of all.)
Steve opened the door and could not help the small sigh of relief; a low lamp next to the bed was on, the trunk unlocked and the light in the bathroom was on. Steve didn’t need the restroom, and so he simply shucked off his shirt and pants, folded them neatly, and pulled on a pair of light sweatpants for sleeping. He’d be waking up soon anyway—took the time to set his alarm for one in the morning, giving Clint a little over three hours for his watch—and so he just pulled down the covers (did Fury send someone to the house to prepare it for them? Put covers and dishes and stuff into the shelves and on the beds?) and crawled under them.
The stairs in the front had him pass by Natasha and Barton again, both talking quietly with one another, closer and more relaxed than he’d ever seen Natasha before. He averted his eyes and made his way up the stairs.
With a sigh, Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “Fine. You cook, I guess. I’ll… finish setting up the shop.”
“Well, he seemed to have a great time,” Clint muttered. “I’m gonna keep an eye on him, and Rumlow. Don’t want them interacting too much.”
Ste-Virn’s eyes jerked up from the pattern to look at Saark in horror.
* * *
. That he was dead, or hallucinating, or
There was silence, and for a brief moment Steve panicked that the omega was unable to speak—old conservatives when
“What do you want me to say?” Steve demanded, standing up and squaring his shoulders.
Not very helpful, brain, Ste-Virn thought, fighting not to spiral further. He couldn’t stop picture Byu-Kyonn, wounded and bleeding out. Couldn’t stop imagining how he had given up his master for his friend. Byu-Kyonn had had such a deep hole to climb out of, and when he finally did and got to the top, he had abandoned Ste-Virn. No, that wasn’t fair. Byu-Kyonn did not feel like he could continue as a Jedi, not when his path had been so obviously tainted, even though all the Jedi Council agreed that he was not to blame for his master’s descent into the dark side.
Natasha and Steve stared, open-mouthed.
to hurry along Tony’s leaving, but at the same time, Tony was actually (for all that he was tiny) twenty-four, turning twenty-five in a few months. Two months, actually. Once Tony was twenty-five, he would be recognized as of age by the courts and his guardian would no longer have access to him. Right now, Tony’s guardian—this Obadiah Stane—had right to visit and see Tony, even during Tony’s military service, so long as he didn’t interfere with Tony’s service.
!” Steve roared back, shoulders squared as he stared down Rumlow, feeling his lion curl under his skin, itch at the back of his hands as his arms grew shaggier, canine teeth elongating in his mouth and making his words distorted.
“You don’t look like you need coffee right now,” Steve said dryly. “Drink your tea.”
“A lead, hmm?”
“He was helping me go through sub-level one. I think there’s more than one sub-level, but Natasha wanted to take him into town, let him get the house set up how he wants and in the most comfortable way for him,” Steve offered.
Both of them looked up to see a very pale, very shaky and sweaty Anotoni Saark, weaving a little on his feet, but his eyes feverish and intent.
It was a lot of information—thorough, very good, very detailed information that would help Ste-Virn immensely in tracking down at least two of the people he’d been chasing.
“Well, yeah, me too. I suck at cooking-cooking. But baking is different.”
Natasha couldn’t keep herself from wincing. “I know,” she whispered. “I don’t want to hurt him, but just because we knew and didn’t tell him, he’s going to be hurt. I want to minimize that, but I also didn’t want it to look like I was hiding this from you.”
This was
Here on Rodia, the people were starving and beleaguered by pirates and smugglers stealing the shipments of food and supplies that were en route to the planet. Rodia did not have a large army, and was a product of multiple colonization attempts, so the infrastructure in place to mine the rich minerals, water, and wildlife were almost exclusively in the hands of off-planet companies. It meant little money poured back into the economy, so little ability to gain recognition in the Senate to its problems and plights.
But Saark’s eyes were far away, unseeing, almost hazy. A glow burned from within them—the Force, and Ste-Virn tried to process that but the words were anathema to hear. A Padawan, killing their master? It was—unthinkable. Untenable.
“The first
Steve looked up in surprise. “Ah, no. If you’ve ever eaten any of my cooking, you’d never ask me that.”
“You’re just okay with this, are you?” he finally said, voice short as the plane—rather, mini-helicopter—touched down just outside of New York City proper.
“Update… the kitchen?” Tony asked.
“It’s fine. Are you okay?” Clint asked before he could stop himself.
“That would be more like Fury,” Natasha sighed.
After a long moment, Tony said, “Are you asking me if the floor is hard, alpha?”
Across the galaxy, Byu-Kyonn sighed, static hissing in the deep breath. “Yer right. An’ b’fore y’ say what I know yer goin’ ta say next, you were both more’r less at th’ same skill level, even if he was ‘bout four years younger’n you. Still, bein’ four years younger means he ‘ad less practice an’ control over ‘is emotions than someone with that maturity. It woulda been—”
The Rodian first mate took them to their quarters—nearby each other, but not exceedingly close—and showed them where they could eat and the refresher unit.
But none of that mattered, because the coffee place wasn’t open, and it wasn’t fair of him to cling to Clint when Clint was just doing a job. Oh, sure, he was tentatively certain that Clint did not in fact mind the conversations they had—but Tony was just a paying customer who tipped well. Certainly that other big guy, Steve, didn’t seem to like Tony. Tony was probably annoying everyone—he knew he was hard to handle in large doses, wasn’t that the problem with him and Pepper and him and Rhodey—
But all Saark did was mutter and walk down the hallway towards the small room their pilots had provided.
catwalks, and Iron Man—Tony Stark—had caught him all times, set him back up in a different area, and veered away.
The door was open, even if the lights were off. Tony stopped in the center of the dimly lit shop and wrapped one arm around the chest, beat a rapid-fire temp against the center of his chest with his free hand, trying to ground himself. “You guys aren’t open.”
Once out of the elevator, Tony immediately went for the wet bar, pouring himself an overly generous serving.
Phones these days sucked.
Ste-Virn fought the panic that was always bubbling, low and heavy, in the back of his mind. “Thank you, B-Ky.”
The whole time, Byu-Kyonn had complained and grumbled. “I ’spected a foolish plan from Saark,” he growled, as Ste-Virn’s datapad flickered through the remote connection. “But fer you ta go along with it? I didn’ think it was possible. You wouldn’ta let
Oddly, that made it easier to do. It was just words. Hard, painful words, but words—to someone who had helped Steve through so much already, all without realizing it.
The two turned to look at him, big eyes focused unblinkingly on him. “Veer,” the shorter one said, voice a rough croak. “You’ve got a friend, now.”
“Well, tangentially about,” Tony conceded.
The restaurant shook.
Natasha frowned, and her hands almost visibly twitched towards the weapons she was not supposed to have on her while she was in the actual business part of the café (who was he kidding, all of them had weapons nearby, that was why they were here—their inability to stand down out of hypervigilance and their trauma). She moved to the door, and Clint wondered who had managed to track SHIELD down to this random-ass café. There were other, bigger, more likely to be found safe-houses. This was a joke, and SHIELD knew it—they sent rookies here, or experienced agents who were being punished for
It went against every core belief in Ste-Virn, went against everything he wanted to do, and he felt rage and frustration and fear bubbling up as he watched that blinking dot travel farther and farther away.
Saark put his hands up in a nonthreatening gesture, smiling. “Of course, Ste-Virn.”
At that, Steve looked up, and his eyes were too dark to tell, but there was a tension between them, a humming of energy that Tony didn’t know how to describe. “I didn’t,” Steve admitted easily. “But you don’t need to sit outside. It’s August. It’s going to get muggy. And you look like you don’t need the noises of the street right now.”
“What about your team?” Clint interjected.
“Is there a reason why he’s here? I know Howard Stark. I know enough about this century to know that Gregory Stark built Howard’s empire up even higher. Tony shouldn’t have needed to join the army for money, so his presence here means either bored rich kid or something is very wrong with Stark Industries—which isn’t evident at all in the news and information I can see in the news.”
“It seems to be their preferred method,” Saark said bitterly. “Lace food or drink with spice, and regularly keep the child docile and addicted. You won’t have a runaway if the runaway is an addict that wouldn’t risk missing a dose.”
“Afghanistan?” Tony asked.
“No, I don’t—I just—I want you to be comfortable. Are you… is that… comfortable?”
enough coin, in order to make addicts they could then turn around and sell as slaves).
The store was silent for a bit, just movement in the back, and Tony was beginning to stand up to leave when something—jazz? It sounded like jazz—came on the shop speakers, soft but present, and then Steve was back with a hot steaming cup of—
“Of course,” Steve said, watching as she left.
And there were many of them.
“You want me. To curl up on your back.”
He opened the doors, because it was time to open them, and let in the first few customers. Business had actually picked up a lot, which was
That was
, who Ste-Virn had some very nasty suspicions about—all he had seen was those two staring at Saark’s ass. He’d heard Saark discussing the different types of fixes they could be doing to prevent the extra wear and tear that was happening on their engine. He’d heard them grunt about it being serviceable enough to get them where they needed to go, and their inability to pay for costly repairs—and then Saark blithely explain that they could go much farther and do much more for a few credits worth of prevention.
“With
And Ste-Virn could remember arguing that if one was too flexible, too changed by the wind and the changing opinions, then there was no moral absolute. Then there was no set foundation.
“Where’d the fridge go? How am I supposed to make cannoli today?!” Tony demanded. “What the hell? Was this a management decision? Why—” He trailed off, looking at the rest of the kitchen. “What happened here, Steve?”
Steve never felt more alive than when Tony was there.
The Jedi Masters nodded, and then Master Yoda turned to Saark, who had stood still while Ste-Virn had presented. “And you? Your findings, you have?”
Clint frowned. “If your team can’t see that you try to help them, then fuck them, man.”
“Do you know who else is on the team?” Steve asked curiously, turning his head to include Natasha in the conversation.
“Yeah, you would see him more often, wouldn’t you?” Pepper said fondly.
Steve let out a huff. “Look, you know that’s not what I meant.”
“Do you remember those years, ago?”
It took a while before he finally ran into security measures—two beings standing guard before a darker niche in the hallway, and illumination on the walls that indicated frequent usage. Ste-Virn considered for a long moment. He could sneak in, and keep from alerting anyone about his existence and that they were on to them.
distinctive and Natasha’s normal conditioner had a soft floral note that Steve had gotten used to with all the downtime at the safehouse.
Spoke with Byu-Kyonn.
Steve lifted one shoulder. “We just get these orders, I unwrap them, set them on the tray, and put them in the display.”
“Man, go and sit down, you look terrible. Get one of those comfortable chairs. What’re you, like sixty?”
A faint click was the only sound, and he looked to his left to see a man—Clint Barton, presumably—on his feet, book on the floor, gun pointed straight at Steve’s head.
The silence stretched on.
All this flashed through his mind, even as Sharon stood up, smiling, and put her hand out to Rumlow. Rumlow took it, still smiling, and then he frowned—before getting pulled into Sharon’s knee.
* * *
Well. He’d said some very unkind, un-Jedi-like things to Saark, had gotten flayed open in turn by Saark’s harsh tongue, and then they had done their absolute best to never be around one another since. Everyone else who knew Anotoni Saark had gone to clubs with him, had had a party in his dorm room, had gone on some field work where Saark had had some misadventure happen—except Ste-Virn.
lengths—
Ste-Virn was still holding Anotoni’s hands, and he began to rub his thumbs over the back of Anotoni’s hands, wishing they were somewhere a little more private for this talk, but… what about them, or their relationship, had ever done things in a logical order? “So, yes. I meant it, and I hid it from myself and I thought others, even though apparently I pouted over you.”
Clint had a cast on, and Steve was bruised all the right side of his face.
. He’s clearly upset. I need to show him that I’m sorry for not respecting his boundaries and for assuming I knew better than him in regards to his own life.”
As Ste-Virn turned to get the glassware out, Saark began outlining his investigation—the family that came to him first, the information he’d found regarding the victim, the symptoms of drug usage on the victim that had both made it impossible to use the child’s word in a court of law and left the family devastated with trying to break an addiction.
trying
…It probably was.
“Nope,” Clint said, pulling on his good cheer obnoxiously and smiling wide. “Just figured I’d like to talk to you. Not every day Iron Man walks into the shop, after all. You saved this city, after all, right?”
A scrambler, then. Either that, or they had found the tracking device and had been using this to create a trap. Both were bad news, but a scrambler meant business as usual, so Ste-Virn was holding out hope that that was all it was.
“It can’t be that bad, alpha. You didn’t even shout. You sat up and tripped your way into the bathroom,” Tony muttered, one hand coming to curve around Steve’s elbow.
“Is Clint—” Steve began.
“Anotoni?” he whispered, limping over to curled up body.
with omegas. We didn’t have to go…
A family
Ste-Virn sat more firmly in the chair, shoulders raising up automatically. “Master W’Lsinn.”
For a moment, something very much like fear crossed Tony’s face before he dropped his head, letting his hair fall and hide his expression. “Do you want me to join one of the other alphas in their bed tonight, alpha?” he asked.
It was quick work to pack his stuff—since his stuff consisted of his clothes, already in a duffel bag, his shield, and a picture of the Howling Commandos that Natasha had given him back when he had first been unthawed. When he finished, he looked around the bunk, at the nearby beds that housed other alphas and betas during their off-time or their debriefing time here on the Helicarrier.
Saark had lost his own Jedi Knight Master in his own traumatic way, and was much younger than Ste-Virn. He was also as aloof and stand-offish as Jedi Kulsi was as well, and they had somehow worked very well together, using a language of sarcastic quips, verbal fencing, and deflection. Somehow, with Jedi Kulsi, Anotoni’s outbursts and anger and sheer inability to control his emotions had tempered, and when Jedi Kulsi relinquished his position as Anotoni’s master—as he had only ever been a temporary mentor until a proper one could be found—Anotoni had clearly grown fond of Jedi Kulsi, and Jedi Kulsi of Anotoni.
He threw on the hot water, and that was the best, the best thing of this damn new century, this horrific, terrible, wonderful world, there was so much at your fingertips, and he shoved his hands under the hot water, trying to stop from shivering.
He must have taken too long, because Tony nodded slowly. “Or, at least, special ops, I guess. But I’m sorry. I… I can’t sleep. Either. I mean, it’s getting better? Oddly, baking his helping. Who knew. Not making the literal things that could keep me alive in various scenarios, but baking.” Tony rolled his shoulders and licked his lips. “But. Being here, talking with you, and Clint, and even Natasha—Natasha can be creepy, have you noticed? But she has the
Clint stared in awe as four more people came in with trays, stacked with baked goods. “Shit, we’re not going to be able to sell all of this,” he breathed.
There was no movement at all, and then a soft exhalation before Tony stood up. His hands went to his pants almost immediately, and Steve hastily said, “No, no—don’t, keep them on, that’s not—no, don’t do that.”
“Please—put them on,” Steve said. “I don’t—who told you to greet me like that?”
He and Natasha both had stealth suits, body armor and hoods to hide their identities, and honestly, everyone had a different hood and protection. It was only Tony Stark that had declared his identity on live television.
As an adult, Ste-Virn could understand that he and Saark had both been hurting, had both needed a Jedi Master, and that Jedi Kulsi had been a temporary replacement for their masters. Even though they had both gone on to other masters—in fact, Ste-Virn had been taking in by Jedi Master S’m W’Lsinn, a member of the Jedi Council—at the time, as a child hurting from the death of a friend, and his master, and the loss of limb his other friend had suffered, and the feelings of betrayal, he had not been willing to share Jedi Kulsi with the star of the Jedi Temple. When Saark had actually excelled at connecting with Jedi Kulsi? When Jedi Kulsi had clearly interacted well with Saark?
It took everything in Ste-Virn’s body not to bounce his leg nervously. He did his best to project confidence and calm rationality as he replied, “The boat had records, linked and watermarked with Indenaturing Mining communications. These records are detailed and go back for over three years. They describe in detail shipments of beings that meet certain requirements, up to and including body size and shape, species, and age—”
Barton also seemed to respond to it, taking a step back, shoulders dropping. Natasha’s head poked around the corner.
“Well, make your move then, you fucker,” Tony began, and then Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s.
Saark could stow on one of the ships. Or he could be caught.
“I don’t know. I think it may have been Fury keeping his letters from him, actually.”
Since Saark was trying to calm down, Ste-Virn tried to help. “I believe that they would have been suspicious of anything you said, because you were new. I know that you would not undo months of work, but I simply worry that they picked up on something that may not even be related to our overall mission. It might be the fact that you are a Saark, it might be because you speak with an upper-class merchant accent. All I heard was the end of your conversation, and all I could see was you, buried in machinery while those two stood over you.”
trying to date anyone, so that could be part of it.)
“Well, yeah,” Tony grunted, wiggling a little against Steve’s grip—causing Steve to aggressively cuddle him even more. “It took me a while to figure out you guys weren’t going to, like, go through my stuff or keep me from eating, or anything like that. Hell, I don’t think I’ve ever really been punished by you guys.”
Clint frowned as he took the tray. He knew Natasha didn’t have a high opinion of Tony Stark—for good reason—but Stark looked… like he needed help.
For longer than the team would be around.
That, he had in
Tony Stark was having a rough day.
Other times, he was absolutely selfless, and vulnerable. He was flashy and muted at turns. He
Tony watched as PJ closed his eyes, not making a sound as Bruce quickly and expertly took a few vials of blood. An uncomfortable feeling wormed its way into Tony’s chest when the child didn’t seem to notice that Bruce had put the plaster on his arm, leaving his arm stretched out on the bed.
“Why do you want me to wear that bra so terribly?” Tony asked once they had reached the fields and were away from prying ears, “Plenty of women go without them and are fine--all it does is prevent the chest from sagging as quickly as it would otherwise. Is that it? Do you want to try and keep my body the way it is?”
. Warm. Safe.
“Fuck, sweetheart, you feel so tight,” he panted, “Let--let me--”
“I really think this is a conversation for Pepper,” Bruce tried to interrupt, pinching the bridge of his nose, “Tony, as much as I love you and appreciate your genius, your innate ability to hyper-focus on little things amazes me too much for me to be able to help you.”
“Now, Peter, this is not the time to be fussy,” Tony murmured, nearly crying from the overwhelming amount of fear coursing through his veins, “Easy now, little one.”
“Bucky’s words. And it's not exactly false. Poor guy was hit hard. He would have been dead if he hadn’t gotten the serum,” he continued quietly, looking over when he heard tiny feet pattering down the hallway, “He talks about it sometimes. I think the whole idea of being alive for this long freaks him out. I mean, think about it. You grow up believing you’ll be dead before you hit twenty-five and then you’re suddenly both over a hundred and somehow also just over thirty. I can’t—”
Which is why Natasha had the hat. With all of their names in it.
he’s known we’ve been hiding this from him for, what, seven years?”
Steve’s pout got bigger and moodier until Tony relented and rolled his eyes, making Steve beam and snuggle down onto Tony’s chest. Their moment alone was short-lived, considering that their ‘shower’ had taken forever, and Steve had elected to be cozy instead of useful.
Steve drew his eyebrows together and made a confused noise, jutting out his bottom lip to pout. His lips were so shiny and pink; Tony’s first instinct was to lean down and bite them, but he held back to keep from scarring both Peter and Rhodey.
“Just watch me,
“Is...is this okay?” He asked, wincing when Tony’s breath hitched and his back bowed up, “Tony?”
“Bed.
“Yeah,
There was some shuffling, then Steve hissed above him, which he figured meant that Bucky and Clint were attempting to pull him off. Tony tried to scramble out, but a roll of Steve’s hips made him squeak and stay in place.
Swallowing the curse on his tongue, Tony shook his head, reaching up to scrub a hand over his face.
“What, are you ashamed? Will you turn red like the clay if you knew someone saw me take you here, under the hot sun?”
The men laughed, but Tony stayed silent, not liking even a
“It’s not yours, either, Anthony,” Pepper pointed out, shaking her head, “No one could have seen this coming. And the fact—the fact that you even took in Peter—”
Oh, brother.
“Why, exactly?” he asked, grunting as he sat cross-legged.
Steve leaned in to press his lips to Tony’s forehead, then did the same with PJ, whispering comforts to the boy before heading out with the team. PJ waved to them as Tony watched them go, a little stunned, but somehow still standing on his two legs.
Tony never texted.
He reverently stroked a finger over Peter’s flushed cheek, wiping away any traces of his tears. Peter grabbed onto him with two small hands, pulling the digit up to his mouth to gum on it. Steve audibly choked and froze up, not wanting to move in case he hurt the poor thing.
Looking back down at PJ, Tony gently brushed a few of the boy’s flyaway hairs out of his face, then covered him back up with some of the extra blanket. He sighed softly, pressing a few fingers to the boy’s chest to feel his faint, steady heartbeat.
“No, oh no sweetheart, you’re okay, you just continue to be full of surprises,” Tony said quickly, trying to school his face, “If you use pet names, you can only use it for one person so we know who you’re talking about.”
“You can’t?”
. I want you, Steve, I do. But we both know that that is a risk and I do not know if we can take it, my love.”
“Except that you’re lactose intolerant, Tony.”
He carefully took the shield off and set it aside, then pulled off the boots and skirt, tossing them into the corner. Immediately, the state of Steve’s body became clear: his bruises stood out against his pale skin, and once Tony managed to get him to lower his arm, the deep gash in his side looked like a tiger took its claws to his skin.
“Nah, I get it man,” Clint said easily, shifting to fully face Steve. “It isn’t that hard, and most people who come in to a place like this that isn’t widely known and that doesn’t have great food are really only looking for a caffeine fix. Oh, and Stark.”
“Besides, you are always free to go and talk with the counseling services yourself. You and I both know you saw Coulson like a big brother, or a protector. Barton might be broken up about his role in the whole mess, and Steve Rogers is a whole other mess of trauma in a blender with survivor’s guilt and a whole shit-ton of other things in the mix, but you aren’t that well off yourself.”
Barton’s eyes narrowed, and he looked back and forth between the two before something sparked in his eyes and he flicked the safety back on. “I thought you were team leader, Natasha. Never
Steve frowned, going over his past interactions with the team. Then he thought back to the shit the Howling Commandos got up to.
Steve opened his mouth to say that the waitstaff wasn’t here for Stark’s amusement or pleasure when Clint stepped out. “Hey, Steve, do you know where the replacement cups are?”
It was—amazing. Steve had had two omegas on the Howling Commandos, and though they had calmed down angry or arguing alphas, it hadn’t been as subtle or gentle as this; Tony’s scent was soft, almost like a cotton blanket muffling the surging anger that was fighting to meet Barton’s intensity.
There was a huffing noise.
“You didn’t have anyone to help you, or care for you,” Steve muttered, the tips of his ears red because he knew, he
The water stopped in the bathroom, and Tony stepped out.
“Me too,” Natasha replied, honestly, surprised at how much she did not want that to happen.
Tony still didn’t fit in perfectly with the team. Oh, it was better, and even with Brock and Bruce, it had gotten better, but still… Steve needed to find some way to protect Tony.
Tony put on speed. Not that he thought he really could outrun fucking
* * *
He turned to stalk towards his quarters, and Saark stayed on his heels. “If we don’t talk this out—”
“You should not be yelling at Ste-Virn.”
Saark started to open his mouth, and then closed it. His eyes fluttered shut, lashes brushing against his cheek, and Ste-Virn did his best not to notice as those eyes slowly opened. “Of course, Master R’Garr. We’ve been apart from one another for a long time. I believe your new master took you only a few months before I was taken as well. We both grew up, and haven’t been in one another’s orbit for years. Seven, at least, I feel.”
Jealousy made no sense, Steve told himself angrily as he dragged the box down from where it was shoved high up on top of the cabinets. Why did it matter, if he couldn’t interact with Stark? Who cares? Why does it matter?
Tony signed a rude sign at Clint, making Steve choke on air, and then he made his way over to one of the soft, squishy recliners. The recliner was right by the window, and even with all the skyscrapers and buildings around, weak sunlight trickled down and warmed the leather of the chair.
Ste-Virn suddenly got a bad feeling about all of this.
With a booming, extremely fake laugh, Stane sat down at the head of the conference room table, gesturing for Steve to sit down as well. “Well, of course you’d be fond of him! Keeps your dicks nice and warm, I’d assume, and hopefully puts that mouth to better use than what he’s normally doing. Got to say, maybe the military at least did that, put some manners into him. Keep him respectful and proper, yeah? Always had a smart answer for everything, I remember. Do you know, I offered for my son to court him? Offered him the best, I did, everything I could do. Still turned his nose up at him, and multiple other sons of very important people. Would’ve kept him in the same lifestyle, even let him play with his toys, design if he wanted to. Not a lot of people would allow that, an omega playing at being a weapons-maker! But no, too smart by half.”
The datapad could only tell him which city, and more specifically which district, Anotoni was in—it was damaged enough that even with increased proximity, it never stopped blurring around the quadrant.
Ste-Virn remembered that, vaguely, as a headline that had not painted Saark in a good light, but also had not bothered him overmuch. He had only recently lost his master, and was trying to keep Byu-Kyonn from falling into a depressive state. He was trying to keep himself together.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Natasha asked quietly directly behind him, making him yelp and jump two feet into the air.
“In the Gaulus sector of the Outer Rim territories, many high-ranking officials have seen their children disappearing, and ransom notes being delivered to the family homes. When the ransom is paid promptly, the child is returned within a standard week—when the ransom is delayed, when negotiation happens, when the slightest disruption to prompt, quick payment takes place, the child is never seen again. The officials that have gone to authorities have often then received digits and pieces of their children, or artifacts unique specifically to their child, and so it has become almost common knowledge that if your child is taken you pay the ransom and continue about with your life. However, a desperate family contacted me because they knew my nest group and hoped that I would ensure their child’s safe return, because the family was in financial difficulty and did not have the money to pay the ransom in full. My research and investigation has shown that all these children have been in contact with certain unsavory types—two of which were seen in Jedi Ste-Virn’s presentation. These ransoms do not seem to have a pattern I can discern—there is no one familial group or clan that appears to be safe from the threat of kidnapping.”
“I know you said not to interact with them—that they are suspected of working with the smugglers, that they were not as unaware of the cargo being transported as they seem, that too many questions or lines of thought would make them suspicious. That they didn’t trust outsiders and that your cover already would be on shaky ground for bringing me along. But people talk easier when they feel like you talk with them. I talk to a lot of people—you know that. You know that my skills lie in interpersonal subterfuge. You know that’s why I’ve always been on those escort missions, and you know—”
“Didn’t mean to be late,” Tony said, voice slurred. He smelled like he’d been drinking, but also had that sour-sweat stench of fear on him. “Couldn’t sleep.”
do people even waggle their eyebrows in a hesitant way? Steve didn’t even know.
Tony blinked at Clint, and then at the clock. It was closer to six in the morning now, wasn’t it? The shop would be opening soon. The shop might already be open, now that he thought about it, but there was no one inside, so that didn’t help. The lights were on, though, and the weird jazz from before was replaced with more ambient café noise that Tony was used to hearing.
here—came just ten or fifteen minutes ago, actually. I directed him to the largest bedroom, and carried his trunk in there for him before letting him settle in. You know omegas like to nest a bit around their new quarters.”
