"Nice to meet you, my name is Sarah," she said extending her hand. "You don't know me, but I was one of the engineers who worked on the recycling project in Manhattan that was funded by you. Well, at least I was before the...
«What if it isn't about time?» Steve said looking down. «What if it's about one of us taking the decision?»
«See you tomorrow, Tony,» Rhodey responded laughing softly.
"I'm prepared," Steve said with hopeful eyes.
Tony rested his forehead on his chest and took a deep breath. "But I'm so close," he said defeated.
Steve couldn't be happier and proud. He was completely sure they were going to make it. They would bring everyone back. They would.
"Thanks, Tony," Steve said blushing.
Tony looked at her and saw she could feel he was not well, and maybe he needed some time alone. Pepper knew him so well that that was her way of telling him she understood him. Tony stroked her face and kissed her softly.
“Fuck,” Tony cried out, tossing his head back against the door.
“Tony, there is nothing to be forgiven,” Steve responded.
"I admire you. Have I told you?," Tony told him staring at him with loving eyes.
«Yes, he is,» Tony answered him staring at Steve.
"Thanks for doing this," Tony told her knowing that maybe Natasha wasn't very expressive, but he needed to tell her.
"It's good, you better rest," Rhodey said softly, and Tony nodded and headed to his room.
Tony hid his head in Steve's neck and felt him hug him tightly.
. He heard Steve groan saying his name and he cum with unreasonable force.
«We kissed, Steve. That is all,» Tony replied without looking back.
"Someone has to," Steve gave him a half smile.
He knew he couldn't do more, but he had an immense need to please him, to make the pain go away. He wanted to see that stubbornly optimistic and persevering man he admired (
Steve was looking in the cabinets of the house and found some bandages and alcohol. It was something to focus on. He left those on the counter and went to continue peeling the potatoes. They would eventually have to eat, so better to finish cooking. He told himself that trying to focus on something else. Then his mind started wandering again. For an instant he could not believe Tony was looking at him the way he did. The desire contained in his eyes had spoken to him without words. However, he couldn't do that to Tony; he couldn't confuse him. It was his fault for coming with his afflictions and the things he said. That he needed him, missed him and
"I had seen Tony rest after a mission. But that you also fell asleep, that is completely new," Natasha said looking at both of them. "We got to the compound guys. Everyone is already inside." She turned around and headed for the jet door strangely closing the hatch when she got out.
After catching his breath, Tony turned to look at Steve.
_ _ _ _ _
"Too big yet to go unnoticed huh," Rhodey joked.
Tony and Bruce had been locked up in the lab for 2 weeks, both were taking very short breaks to eat, but they really had little rest. Everyone was aware of what they were trying to create. A time machine, no matter how absurd it seemed, they wanted to go to the past and recover the stones. For now, they could only focus on being able to create the machine. The implications this could bring seemed too complicated to discuss them. The important thing was to take small steps that brought them closer to a possible solution.
A few hours passed and the sound of an alarm woke Tony up. Steve turned it off and turned to see him.
"So our souls chose to play us for learning purposes." Tony spoke without turning around. He didn't want to see Steve.
Rhodey laughed knowingly, «Enjoy
"He is my friend, and I did put my life in danger for him. You would have done it for all of us, wouldn't you?" Tony said starting to get irritated.
"Oh sure, he said it early." Tony said nodding. That was Steve's way of feeling better. As always very noble of him, to help others, Tony thought. "Chinese is then."
Steve went to the other door to check. Tony saw him return after a few minutes.
"Not everyone takes 3 hours making an omelet Tony," Steve replied teasing him.
"Last time I saw him, there was so much pain in his eyes," Natasha sighed. "I do not know what else to do."
Tony now didn't know what to say. He wanted to ask him if it felt funny to take a shower in his body, but then he thought it was not a very common question. "Ah... It feels strange, doesn't it? Being in my body?"
Rhodey smiled and said he was going to sleep too, then Bruce followed him. The moment Bruce left the living room, Tony turned to see Steve who was already taking him by the neck to kiss him. Tony groaned with pleasure at the instant he tasted those lips again. And as if they coordinate a dance that both knew, Steve took him by the waist at the same time Tony moved to sit on his lap. They continued to kiss fervently until they both needed to breathe.
"Wait a second, if it's you who will dance with me, I need to play a slower one," Chandra told him with a teasing smirk.
«Did you hurt?» Steve worriedly asked looking at his body.
It wasn't about explaining himself, he thought. Tony sensed in his heart the reason why Steve punished himself that way. And he was completely sure he would never ever hurt him.
"I must go. I must go, Tony," Steve said with a tight in his throat. When he lifted his face to look at him, Tony's eyes gleamed with tears held back.
“We are friends now,” Tony said as if that solved everything between them.
"I will never see her again" Tony said in a broken voice, "
"Tony, please," said Steve out of breath.
_ _ _ _ _
"If you knew so, but they involve more alcohol, then I don't know how much we can call it help," Tony replied grinning.
"It looks great," Steve said gladly.
Morgan's face of surprise and satisfaction could not be greater. She hugged him tightly and ran to where Steve was in the yard playing with Johnny. Tony watched as Morgan said Steve name while she ran between the people. When Steve turned to see her, she extended her arms. Steve took her in his arms and spun her in the air. Morgan hugged him, kissed him on the cheek and Tony watched as Steve closed his eyes. His life was wonderful, he thought pleased.
“But can you talk now? Do you need help?” Asked Rhodey still sounding a little hesitant.
"Hi Bruce," Steve replied smiling too.
"Good morning, Captain," Sarah said kindly from the table and saw Steve put the coffee cup on Tony's desk.
"I love you," Tony said with a sigh. A few minutes ago, he had said the same to Steve.
«Hi, Rhodey,» Tony said very enthusiastically.
Steve laughed happily. "I knew you would make it," he said taking him by the neck and giving him another kiss. "You're a genius!"
"OK, I accept my defeat," Steve told her smiling.
"Did you miss me?," Ultron asked mockingly.
Steve stared at him with all the love he felt for him. "You are my life, Tony," he said with his voice affected by an overwhelming emotion.
Steve and Tony entered the meeting room of one of the Stark Company buildings. When they were inside, the team stood up and started clapping. Steve smiled, turned to see Tony, and started clapping too.
. You know you've been a constant presence in my life since I was a child?,” Tony said smiling. “And of course at that time I hated you
Very slowly Steve began to break away from Tony. However, to his surprise, Tony clung to him. His hands, one that held Steve hair and the other rested on his neck, squeezed him tightly as if they were magnets that could not let go of him. Steve understood only the words had come out of his mouth, but he did not have enough strength to separate himself at all.
"I was afraid,” Steve said with an aching voice. “I was so scared of losing you, I did not dare to tell you about your parents. And I fooled myself thinking it was the best for you, when obviously it was only for me. I was so selfish, and I am deeply sorry for all the pain I caused you." Steve took a deep breath while his eyes kept looking at Tony intensively. "At that moment Bucky was the only person from my past, and I thought he was the only one who I could really have by my side. With Bucky back, to find my best friend again, it meant to find myself again. Because I believed with the past back I could start living again. Another lie to myself to be able to live in a world where I could not fit in, did not understand, but felt I could finally return if I was with him." Steve paused for a moment and watched Tony's angry eyes give in just a little at his words.
"I just don't know how long you'll be here or if I won't see you again. In case you wanted me to come before, and we can talk for a while. I don't know, you could tell me how your life is going. Why you're a nurse. If you have a girlfriend or boyfriend or lovers. Or if you took advantage to win the lottery having all the knowledge you know about the future. My God, you returned to the 50s!" Tony paused. "But you have your mission too," Tony took a breath. "I think I should go. I feel a little frantic right now."
«Tell me, have you ever cooked something?» Steve asked when he found a way to stop himself.
"What date did you stay?" was Tony next question for Steve surprise.
_ _ _ _ _
He kept walking while all the images returned to his head.
_ _ _ _ _ _
Steve entered the room and when he saw Tony, his heart griped in his chest. He immediately was by his side. Tony was with an oxygen mask, asleep. He seemed relax, peaceful even when part of his right arm, chest and neck was burned. Steve took his left hand a squeezed it.
They started dancing looking into their eyes. They were giving each other soft kisses that caressed their lips and tasted the blessed glory contained in that instant. Steve couldn't feel more grateful and happy. Better yet to see the same devotion he felt for him reflected in Tony's eyes.
"Steve Rogers," a thick voice was heard behind them interrupting Steve.
Steve began to get closer very slowly, and Tony did not move, he was lost in his gaze. Before long, Steve was in front of him.
«I know.»
The Pym particles were in front of him. And also there was a thought that invaded his brain as liquor, well, at least as he could remember before the serum. He was in Hank Pym lab again looking at the particles, and thinking what taking more of them could mean. What he could do, the possibilities… He had enough of them for all this journey, but if he could take a few more, maybe he could go to a moment where...
"Do you want me to?" Steve gave him a teasing smile.
"Your souls returned to each other's body," Bruce said with a frown.
Tony was touching himself desperately, he needed to end the agony of wanting Steve with all his might. Another groan.
As he had promised, Wong was at the compound very early. They were all gathered in the meeting room.
"Here enjoy. Happy new year!" the bartender said to Steve interrupting his thoughts.
"I'm sorry I hurt you," Steve said ashamed looking at him and then the floor.
"How you all knew I didn't go mad saying I was you?" Tony's mind could not stop asking questions to find an explanation and meaning to all that.
. Steve kissed him fiercely giving himself into that kiss, and Tony could not help but kissed him back with the same devotion. That was the dance Steve had always wanted to attend. The kiss that lasted more than an instant. The time that existed for him to live love fully, where there was no need to fight, just surrender to love. When they broke the kiss for a moment to breathe, Tony noticed his surroundings had changed, maybe he was back in the library. But he couldn't look away from Steve, who saw him with so much love and desire, an explosive mixture his heart warned would make him lose himself forever. But reality seemed to make an appearance in Steve's mind and he took a step back from Tony. Steve was breathing hard and no longer saw him if not around him. Tony couldn't stop staring at Steve. He didn't care if they were back or not. But Steve began to think, Tony saw it in his features as Steve now stopped his gaze on the floor. Tony could feel how that mind was fighting against himself, about
"You can't move," Tony said hoarsely in Steve ear. "It's an order, soldier," pressing a kiss on Steve’s neck.
"God," Steve said leaning his forehead on Tony's.
"We met last week, Point Break, don't be dramatic," Tony said jokingly.
"I need to try. At the end, Hulk is not only a part of me. It's me. And I strongly believe I could reconcile both sides." Bruce responded confidently.
At some point they managed to leave the basement, took care of their mess and return to the party. In the end, they stayed more than 2 hours. With so many things to catch up with, and the good laughs at Thor's jokes, they spent the time enjoying themselves a lot. During the whole night they were not very apart from the other, and those not so fortuitous touches they give each other hid an immense satisfaction. Tony bit his lips every time he felt those soft caresses from Steve. His hand on his back, the brush of his body, his closeness to speak in his ear secretly. Even in the car returning to the compound, they were sharing furtive glances that promised the rest of the night would be very entertaining. Tony would not have believed it if someone had told him before. A Steve who could respond to ecstasy before reason opened up the possibilities of many
"Improving," Steve replied laughing.
Steve laughed. "The town is not far away, isn't it?" he asked. "I thought it would be nice to take a walk, although the day looks like it's going to be pretty hot today."
"As much as it hurts to admit it. He's right," Tony said.
Tony rushed to kiss him and Steve received him moaning as Tony was stroking his cock over the fabric. A few second later, Tony reached into the boxer and Steve groaned intensely.
Tony lifted his head. "Why did you take so long?" he asked with a smirk.
"Don't come near, please," Steve told him but Tony could also feel the anguish that caused his closeness. The battle Steve was fighting inside him and stopped.
Steve took it as a "continue" because while he kept kissing him, he wrapped his fingers around Tony’s cock, stroking carefully. Tony's moan was quite loud, and Steve's reaction was to slowly continue down kissing him all over his chest until he knelt in front of Tony.
"How can you move on?," Tony said stroking his face.
Tony turned to look at him, and Steve's pride smile captivated him. "You deserve 1% of the credit, for the coffees," Tony joked.
. They had kissed and now they were on each other's body.
Steve laughed softly and approached him to kiss him. Tony sighed and looked at him deeply.
"You have the opportunity you once lost. This is an extraordinary situation. It had never happened in the life of anyone, ever. It happened to you, and it must be terrifying." Steve said trying to sound comprehensive, while also containing all the pain that was breaking his heart. “And become a father. I know how you wanted that.”
"Come on Rhodey. I'm going to need you," Tony said flying back to the site.
«We will go by road better, so we do not attract much attention,» Tony began explaining him. «We will go to see the farm I talked to you, well to your other you, anyway you must remember it too.  OK, I had been thinking about it and had already seen several online, but this one is exactly what I think would be the perfect one. So we will go see it. What do you think?»
«Good morning, Bruce. I am,» Steve replied looking at Tony.
"Yes, we can go to a place just around the corner" Steve got up and pointed Strange the door.
"He will help us," Tony said, and then laughed of what he said. "So the extreme optimism comes with the body."
Tony stopped dead and stared back.
"Of course, sir. And welcome to your lab," Friday replied.
Tony didn't know how long he was standing there, and he didn't think he looked crazy because he was talking alone. But he felt much better for having done it.
"You like to draw," Tony told him.
In the taxi they were both silent. Tony felt the caresses in his hand entwined with Steve's as he looked out the window. Images of the fight with Thanos came to his mind and he closed his eyes squeezing his forehead.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled at you that day. There was no way you knew I was on board of that ship. Even when you weren't close, it all happened so fast you wouldn't have been able to help either," Tony said now sounding embarrassed.
"I felt your pain, your grief and that strange resignation with which you tried to forget every day," Tony spoke with a lot of pain in his voice.
They stayed a few minutes like that, just feeling each other in the hug.
"OK, it's not about the car, why the bad temper?" Rhodey asked him raising an eyebrow.
"I do," Steve smiled kissing him softly. "We must return," he said sighing and resting his forehead on Tony's.
«You know best» Tony responded with a mischievous smile on his face.
«OK. First we sent the Blondie here for the test. We correct everything we need and do this on Monday morning,» Rocket said entering the room. «What do you think?»
would know. He must have scanned him already, so he tried to recover and replied with what he thought was a firm but also polite tone.
, he said in a silent sigh. Suddenly, the steps that seemed doubtful going back and forth stopped, and Tony's heart too.
"Yes," Steve smiled looking down.
Tony did not move.
"Come on, I help you," Rhodey said, and between Bruce and him helped Tony sit in the wheelchair.
He was at his break time, sitting in a courtyard that everyone shared at lunchtime. In the center, it was a beautiful fountain with small lotuses. It was his favorite place to rest. From there, he could see the Buddhist monks who were on charge of helping and those who, at the time when he arrived, gave him shelter in that beautiful land.
will always be present in your life. It will come from many people and always, until the end of the days, from
As Tony walked to the door he felt Steve turned him around to kiss him hard. Tony groaned at the intensity of the kiss. He kept his eyes closed when Steve broke the kiss and heard him speak in his ear. "Playboy and a
"What happened between you two?"
Steve smiled and went to bed. Tony hugged him and buried his head in his neck. Steve sighed
— — — — —
Tony could feel the sleepiness invading him. He closed his eyes telling himself it would only be for a moment. He felt a caress on his face and heard a whisper.
Steve smiled and answered him. «Actually, it was supposed to be a few days travel. So yeah, basically this is all I got»
It really was a wonderful place to spend a few days off, Steve thought. For Tony, it must have been wonderful to live there with Pepper and
«When did you come?» Tony said out of the sudden, his face shown both curiosity and intrigue.
"Shit," Tony snorted when he saw the door of his room close. He sat on the bed resting his head in his hands.
"I must confess this only happens to me when I am by your side," Steve said, staring at the cup in his hands. "It seems that my mind and body can finally relax."
«You aren't getting old enough as an excuse to stop,» Bucky told him.
Tony took his hand and stroked his face looking at him with a warm smile. "I love you too," he said kissing him softly and he felt Steve's heart pound at his words.
"You can start with a puppy first," Natasha told him.
. He would explain what was happening. He went out to the room and saw himself standing next to Bruce. Everything started to turn around and his body felt even heavier. He heard his own voice say his name, but he didn't understand anything. Everything went black.
"We can go seeing the walls later," said Bruce.
Steve turned to see Tony who was still entertained talking to Carol. Poor Rhodey, they said a minute, Steve thought. Tony turned to see him and winked at him. Steve couldn't be happier, there wasn't a second of his life he didn't feel grateful to be with Tony.
"How did you know where I was?" Steve knew it wasn't the right question, but he felt he didn't have the strength to talk about Tony.
"But I..." Tony felt his heart beat desperately. "I love you," he said short of breath.
"Stop! Don't do you dare do that," Tony said in a menacing low voice. "Look at me, Steve," he said with a snort. "Look at me."
_ _ _ _ _
"Mephisto takes hold of souls to feed his power. There have been many recent attacks. We must do something,” Wong insisted.
Tony smiled pleased to see him too. "Please, tell us what we have to do?"
Thank you for reading :) Kisses! :*
Rhodey took Tony to the compound's garden, and he sat on a bench next to him. It was sunset, and the bright hues of colors in the sky lost all the brightness when Tony's features darkened at moment they got there.
"Congratulations to the whole team who met in short time to get this project underway. But above all to the genius and creator of a better world with his inventions, Tony Stark," said the governor.
_ _ _ _ _
"We must return," Tony said taking a deep breath.
"We have to build the machine again to be able to return them," Tony said.
Tony stood up. "You couldn't have known Thanos had them all," he said looking at him concerned.
. Nothing made sense anymore, Tony thought. "How could you know “my soul” was in your body?"
"Will any of the gentlemen deign to take me out to dance?" Chandra asked the men sitting at the bar.
«I'm going to leave you to rest, and I'll be back in a couple of hours,» Pepper said kissing him in the forehead and his hand.
Steve watched as Tony took the glass, and for a moment he thought it would come in his direction. When he saw the glass broke in Tony's hands, he ran to his side.
His brain did not want to work anymore.
When they were walking along the main street of the town, Steve was struck by a beautiful building that had a sign on the front door with the words: "
"Bruce, what a fright," Steve said helping him to get up.
will dance with you," Vishen said smiling and pointing at Steve.
"Me too," Steve laughed. “Let's go”.
“Nice to meet, Mr. Stark,” said Valkyrie shaking his hand.
He didn't know why he couldn't stop looking at Steve. Obviously he had seen his body before. The tights he used did not leave much to the imagination. But now seeing him almost naked, because that towel did not cover much, Tony could not stop staring. The sauna had not been a good idea, he thought. He decided to close his eyes and try to focus on something else instead Steve's sweaty body. Only a few minutes passed, and he felt Steve moved.
"Fuck me," Steve huffed out.
"We must talk," Tony said approaching.
"And you say so" Tony said, teasing him.
"His sacrifice will mark our history, allowing for one to be continued. However, I think we can give him one last thing," Strange said, now looking at him.
He reproached himself.
At the end, it is an extract of Julio Cortazar beautiful writing (Argentine novelist):
"I love it," Steve said pleased. "When can I try it on?"
Tony came out of the jet bathroom, wiping his face, and found Rhodey in front of him. They were finally returning to the compound after several hours of hard work.
Steve kissed him, but this time was a tender kiss that gently touched his lips. A chaste kiss that was recognizing his breath, tasting this breath. A sweet and calm kiss that stole a little time from the world to travel every millimetre of his mouth.
A couple of hours later FRIDAY told them it was still not good to go out even though the worst part was over. Tony and Steve were still under a certain tension that had nothing to do with the storm outside. But none found the words to start a conversation veiled in their minds.
, I love you," and he kissed him trying to show him all that emotions that bewitched his soul and made him feel so alive.
When they finished breakfast, they took a walk through the streets. It was a fairly small town and perhaps as it was Saturday, there were not many people on the street. Walking through one of the streets they noticed an old chapel that looked out on a hill, and they went there. The town was surrounded by flowers and green pastures everywhere, it was really wonderful. When they reached the chapel, they saw it was open and Steve told Tony to enter. There was a lady lighting some candles and a couple sitting in silence. Steve went immediately to see the paintings on the walls. He walked around fascinated seeing the paintings, while Tony was seeing
When Tony got up, he realized it. He was taller than Rhodey. And Bruce looked big, but not as big as he remembered him. Tony felt the heaviness of his body back. Since he had woken up, he had noticed it, but was in complete denial. He wanted to think he was still in a dream. But yes, he felt different.
"He's really good," Bruce said smiling softly.
Tony looked at him. "Are you alright?"
"Bruce please, come on," Steve said trying to get close again.
." Tony kissed him again.
"Stop now, you lovebirds," Vishen said, looking at Steve and Chandra and rolling his eyes. "Happy New Year everyone! It's time to celebrate! Now we are all going to dance!" He then said speaking to the whole bar.
He could only feel his closeness while a shiver ran through his entire body. Now those eyes were looking at him carefully, waiting, yearning. And those full lips seemed to welcome him...
Tony laughed softly pleased to see them argue about him. Soon after, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor, who had come for the occasion, approached. There was another woman with them Tony did not recognize meeting before.
Steve smiled. «He always wins,» he said with a sigh.
_ _ _ _ _
"You need to be boyfriends, so you can kiss, right?" asked the smallest girl crossing her arms.
"I have to go down," Tony told him, burying his head in Steve's neck.
Pepper came closer and caressed his arm. «Hi,» she said smiling.
Natasha said teasing.
"Yeah, agree to both. But if I'm honest, sometimes I don't know how to continue when I feel drowned in sadness. I always seek to distract myself with things, like this, helping you comes in handy.” Tony tried to explain.
"Where are Rhodey and Nat?" Steve asked.
Steve smiled glad to see the team talk cheerfully. He and Rhodey were on the bar waiting for their drinks.
Tony shot out of the lab, climbed the stairs of his room and found Pepper coming out of the bathroom. Tony approached her and began kissing her with all his might. Pepper received him in her arms but not before dropping the towel she had on so he could feel her entire body naked. Tony groaned in pleasure and began to touch her naked body recognizing every part of it. Pepper broke the kiss to take his shirt off, and Tony groaned when he felt her breasts against him when she kissed him again. Tony lifted her up and carried her to the bed. There he began to kiss her neck and listened with delight to Pepper's moans of pleasure. He took her breasts caressing them and savoring her nipples with his tongue. Slowly he went down her stomach while listening to Pepper's desperate gasps.
"You," Tony said with a sigh. His eyes widened in amazement.
"Love," Steve said, looking up to stare at Tony with loving eyes and caressing his face.
At that moment Rhodey entered through the door.
"It won't. It has to become part of us," Steve said with sadness.
"Yes, they could not survive without my technology for a second," Tony tried to joke. He didn't want to touch the subject of a few minutes ago. Maybe it was better to talk about something else or pretend that nothing had happened.
With a couple of minutes left to end the movie, Tony turned to see Steve. He had fallen asleep. Maybe he was tired from  the trip, he thought.
was at the door with his particular kind smile but confused eyes. Tony greeted him, and Bruce told him Steve and Natasha were in the meeting room waiting for them. The rest of the team was also connected. When entering the compound, Tony realized he had not been in the there for a long time. Memories came to his mind, people came to his mind, but he told himself he better focused on the very rare mission it seemed they were going to face. They entered the meeting room and there were Steve and Natasha. In the projectors were Thor, Nebula, Rocket and Okoye. The other captain seemed to be on one of those missions of her own, and was not there. Tony watched Steve approaching to greet them.
"Yes, a little tired. I think I'll go to bed," he said, turning around.
"I came to apologize and," Steve replied in a calm tone, but Tony interrupted him.
«Shut up,» Steve said kissing Tony's reply away and Tony only moaned in agreement.
"Hey buddy, how are you feeling?" Tony thought that voice was very familiar, and when he could focus his vision, he saw Bruce in front of him.
Steve arrived in the area near the house. It was very easy to get there because he remembered in detail the road that lead to
Steve smiled and left the lab.
Once more in Tony's features the confusion was drawn. «But it seemed…» His mind was running again through all that had been said. Then he realized he assumed the possibility without a doubt, and evidently,
Steve approached and was in front of him. «Tony, what is happening?» He was starting to worry.
,» Steve said thoughtfully.
_ _ _ _ _
Once outside, they headed to Steve and Bruce and several of the civilians grouped together.
Tony watched him leave.
Steve took a deep breath. «I almost lost him, Nat,» Steve said with pain is his voice.
— — — — —
Tony didn't know what to do or think. He just hoped to hear the car start and Steve getting away from him.
"Doctor, we need you to leave the room," Tony said cautiously.
Everyone started getting out and only Steve, Wong and Tony remained. The latter looked at him, nodded before opening a portal and disappeared. Steve still didn't look at him.
Tony said rolling his eyes. «But then you are saying you only wanted to see
Although it sounded wrong, Tony was just saying it to himself without anyone around. Congratulating himself for having built a cell in his lab, now did not seem so paranoid or strange. Since a "Steve Rogers / Loki" lays unconscious in it. He knew the strength of the new weapon in his suit was quite powerful, but the true Captain could have handled it. Perhaps he would have fallen, but lose consciousness? That was the piece of a puzzle it had no form for now.
“Tony," Steve seemed to warn him, but Tony did not stop. He just let out a quietly affirmative grunt before Steve came down his throat. Tony took it all, pulling off when he was finished licking Steve's still half-hard cock.
Tony felt Steve arms embracing him from behind. Steve buried his head in his neck, and Tony could feel the heat of one of Steve's tears sliding down his chest. Tony turned around, and to his own surprise, he felt how Steve gently touched his face to also wipe away a tear.
are you? A clone SHIELD always kept in secret?»
"Are you OK?" Tony asked worried.
Steve nodded and went to lean against a wall. Tony followed him and stood in front of him. Steve stared at him for a few seconds without saying anything.
"I was waiting for you," he said stroking his face and Tony closed his eyes with a sigh.
"See you later, Nat," Steve looked at her and went to look for Bruce.
"Steve," Tony looked at him overwhelmed and kissed him again.
Tony approached Thor who was taking care of the barbecue. They had made another tradition of coming to Tony and Steve's house in the summer to spend a few days. The team was the best family one could have, he thought. And the days they shared together, everyone treasured them immensely.
«Basically, we're going to fuck after every fight we have,» Tony said in a hoarse voice kissing him.
Steve pulled away and went to the bathroom. Tony went to bed and sat down while following in his footsteps. A few minutes later, Steve sat beside him on the bed.
"Thank you, Tony," Steve said, staring at him.
Keep it steady!” Tony heard himself say. “Wait!” Tony turned to see the girl next to him who took him by the shirt and kissed him. “Go get him.” The elevator again. The girl, but aged, saw him surprised from her hospital bed. “It's been so long. So long”... “Well, I couldn't leave my best girl,” he said. “Not when she owes me a dance.” Tony closed his eyes and when he opened them he felt someone in his arms whom he took through the neck very hard.
“I want to go,” Tony said forcefully, and Steve released him from the embrace.
"OK, I understand,” Steve said looking at him as if he knew something Tony didn't. “You must rest, Tony. We better talk tomorrow, good night," Steve said and headed towards the gym area.
"Nope, there's nothing. Honestly, I don't know if anyone cares about shopping for food. I know I don't," he said smiling at Tony.
"A toast so we get to tomorrow's shift without a hangover!" Vishen exclaimed.
“I fought thinking about her. I fought trying to save a world that didn't know what was happening and yet it wasn't enough. Pepper, Happy, Peter..." Tony's hurt voice resonated in the silence darkening sky while naming the people he loved, his family.
"Honey?" Tony listened to Pepper and he came back to himself.
. Tony shut the hot water. The cold shower would help, he thought. However, after a minute under cold water, the super soldier's body seemed to regulate his body temperature.
"Good. Much better now I see you two," Steve told them happily. He couldn't believe he had them in front of him. The world really was back.
“I am now,” Steve replied with a soft smile.
Steve decided if Tony hit him he would deserve it. But seeing the blood ran through his hands, he immediately took a towel from the kitchen and approached Tony. He took his hand to cover it. "We need to check your hand properly," he said with concern. Surprisingly, Tony hadn't hit him and even let him approach.
"Talk to me," Steve calmly said standing behind him.
After a few minutes, he slid down until he fell on the floor with his head still leaning on the door. He hadn't heard the car start up again, so Steve was still there at the lake. A part of him could recognize that feeling, he thought. But another part of him, which seemed to be the dominant one, spoke him of guilt and remorse.
"I'm fine," Tony said, catching his breath. He stared at her. "I have to go."
_ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _
"Wow you have almost a whole decade in the past and you only have a few more gray hairs? And here I look like an old man!" Tony said complaining and laughing at the same time.
He heard Pepper's voice and looked to his left. She was standing next to Bruce and Rhodey. The three of them saw him move and ran to his side.
"I can't do this," said Steve pleading him.
"Oh, does the captain also know engineering?" Sarah said surprised.
Tony laughed, «I'm fine, really. And no, I'm not drunk,» Tony replied to him and heard the soft laughter of Steve. «How is everything there?» he asked Rhodey.
"It's a pretty big risk Bruce, are you sure you want to do it?" Tony asked. Both were in Bruce's lab discussing a plan that had occurred to him.
In this position he was not near any of those cameras, he said to himself. Still, the real questions took place in his head now.
A few seconds later, he was inside Tony's lab once more.
"Better than a rabbit in the hat?"
"OK, here you have," Rhodey said, handing each one a beer. "Is it getting hotter or is it just me?" Rhodey asked them.
"I will try to be more understanding. I promise," Steve told him nodding.
Steve stood in front of him. "You're the smartest and brightest person I've ever met in my life. If someone can achieve this, it's you," Steve told him stroking his face. He watched as Tony closed his eyes to his touch. "But you need to rest, Love. Let's go home a few days."
"Delicious," Tony smiled.
"Do you want me to tell you the exact location of Captain Rogers?"
A few minutes passed and Steve pulled away a little to open the zipper of Tony's pants and introduce his hand.
There was silence in the room and for a few minutes neither of them spoke. They remained leaning against the wall without looking at each other again. FRIDAY was telling Tony about the storm, so they would know when it would have passed. The AI was also trying to communicate with the compound and Rhodey. But as much as Tony wanted to avoid it, Steve's closeness was driving him crazy. He missed him so much, and it seemed their connection was awake again. Tony could feel him, not only his body, but his feelings too. For moments he wanted to touch him, kiss him, and it seemed Steve could feel everything he felt because he sighed and closed his eyes. It was becoming a torture for both of them. So Tony decided to better focus on something else. When FRIDAY managed to communicate with the compound, she told Tony she sent them a message they were both fine, and their exact location too. The team promised them would be there as soon as the storm passes.
Tony arrived at the lab and all the screens were black. His cell phone on the desk didn't work either. He tried to turn on the computers, but nothing seemed to work.
"My dreamer," Chandra said stroking his face. "You will, and it will be fine." She kissed him very sweetly and took him by the hand. "Now we go to bed, you need to rest. Tomorrow we will have a long shift,"
"I love you," Tony told him out of breath.
«I am not Loki» was all Steve could say while putting the glass over the counter.
"I love you," Steve said between sighs.
"I'm here for you," Steve said, stroking his neck gently.
They continued hugging for a few minutes, until both knew they had to get out of that comfort nest and face a reality that together seemed less painful.
," said Steve, sighing and lowering his head.
Tony drank a few and then closed his eyes. «Come closer, Love.»
Tony took a sip of his drink, and Steve saw those brown eyes he loved so much, looked at him with the same desire he felt at that moment. He couldn't help licking his lip and saw how Tony directed his gaze to his lips. They stood together with the others in the middle of the room waiting for the end of the year count. They were very close looking at each other without saying a word. Theirs eyes showed everything they were feeling.
"Please," Steve told him.
"Yeah, of course, you don't know. I know you pall, and the only thing both of you have to do is say you are sorry and get over it. There are more important things out there to worry about," Rhodey told him.
"Sure," Steve replied with a smile.
. Beyond the weak, small and sickly boy from Brooklyn. But the man who only wanted to help, prove himself, and not the…”
Now it was Tony who stared at him without saying anything. He could feel Steve's heart pounding at his gaze. "You don't ask me how I found you."
_ _ _ _ _
for being the perfect man in my  father's eyes,” he stared at him. “But now I understand him," Tony said smiling broadly.
The world, on the other hand, continued growing to the adversities of that new era. However, people had become more resilient, the impossible could be achieved together and with effort. The team had also grown a little more, the missions were still there, and certain battles were still being fought. But everyone recognized their lives were not marked by victories, but by the common good of living well, in peace.
_ _ _ _ _
"And he too Steve and don't deny me you didn't see it in his eyes. The poor man loses all his genius when you're in front of him," Natasha said smiling.
The bartender spoke to Steve to give him the drink and Thor approached at the same time.
"Oh Captain, my Virginia will never cease to be in my heart," Pepper's mother told him moved.
He knew they had battled mysterious forces, but he never imagined this could happen. Steve's reflection was still looking at him. Tony closed his eyes and the memory of kissing Steve invaded his mind. That instant revived in his head with such a force he could feel those lips and the sensations. Without thinking, he brushed his hand over those full lips and sighed.
«I prefer, Mr. Stark,» Steve whispered in his ear.
Suddenly the three heard a snort and turned to see Thor, who had also been crying.
"With that you learn you must think of others, when you keep the bread," Tony tried to point out.
"Are you
“I am going to talk to Nat to schedule a meeting, and
"At least you look better too," Bruce said as he approached Rhodey who was sitting on Tony's bed.
«Friday, while the sleeping beauty is still in dreamland, let's run some few test I am sending you right now» Tony said to the A.I.
Steve felt lost into his gaze, and without thinking nodded, «Alright»
"Yes. No. I don't know," Tony said walking from side to side.
«You know you suck at lying, right? Bucky asked him.
"Please, you know the place better than me," Tony agreed thinking anything will be good as long as his stomach calms down.
Tony smiled and pressed the button in his earbud to end the call.
"Yes, you must be tired with the week you had. Come on, I'll show you your room," Tony said, nodding.
«Sir, are you OK? Do you need me to call Miss Potts?» Friday asked Tony when he got the lab.
It didn't take them long to find Rhodey and appear in the compound. Bruce or you could say
"Don't do this to yourself, Love, please," Steve said begging as he put his hands on his shoulders.
"You're shaking," Steve said looking into his eyes worried.
Tony opened the front door, and when they were in the living room of the house, they stopped in front of each other. Both knew Tony had to leave early in the morning, so it was better to say goodbye at once.
«Peps,» Tony said amazed. «You are here.»
". Steve pointed to Tony the sign, and they decided to come inside. It was the town hall, and they were paying tribute to a war veteran of the town who also was the author of a series of books of poems. In the main hall, there was an exhibition with some of the poems and a biography of the author.
"Thank you," Steve replied.
Tony bit his lower lip. "Playing the bad boy, Captain," Tony raised an eyebrow, looking at him fiercely.
"One minute," Tony told him, pointing his finger.
— — — — —
"What happened?" Tony asked him sounding worried.
"I completely removed it from Pepper, but in doing so I understood what was wrong with Killian version. If we implant it, I'm pretty confident it will work." Tony said with conviction.
Steve's eyes were glassy, contained with unreleased tears. He was approaching Tony very slowly.
Bruce was shocked at the question. "What do you mean?" He looked at him frowning.
"And there are things that will never change," Tony said looking at him with longing.
"Try this," Pepper told him, bringing the sauce to his lips.
«These are tears of happiness. I'm glad to see you again,» Pepper smiled and wiped her tears with her hand.
"I need to go somewhere today, would you go with me?" Tony said before Steve asked how he was.
«OK,» Steve smiled and kiss him on the back of his neck. «I'm going to get dress.»
"A little honeymoon, we know that," said Natasha teasing him, and Bruce's soft laugh was heard as he watched his phone attentively.
Bruce looked at Steve, "Good job, Steve," he said jokingly and Steve blushed even more.
"Mephisto used black magic, but this very old ritual will only use your own energy to attract your souls to your bodies," Wong explained.
"Nat, do you hear us?" Steve asked, and an explosion was heard. "Tony you need to get there. I will tell Bruce to help me with the civilians."
"You don't look like an old man," Steve laughed. "You look great," and he felt himself blush. He tried to lift the coffee cup on his face as if that was enough to cover it.
"I know a tailor," Tony said smiling.
They were like that for a few minutes, until Tony turned around. "You miss them," Tony told him with sorrow.
"Bye, Tony," Sarah said.
"Then we must prepare to leave at dawn," Steve said in his Captain tone.
"What would happen if I stayed in the past? Would it alter the future?" Steve could not look into his eyes.
, he thought.
Tony laughed pleased,
Tony's eyes showed all the pain and hurt Steve had seen that day in Siberia, but now also a tremendous anger that caused cold chills run through his veins.
"Tell me what you want, Steve?" Tony said in a hot whisper.
"I bet they can't," Steve replied smiling. "I left you alcohol and bandages there,” Steve pointed out the kit. “I think you better stop helping. It is definitely not the kind of technology you are used to." He tried to joke too.
Finally, Tony turned around and looked at him. Steve body was tense, nevertheless, it was clear it was trying to hide all the pain his eyes were showing. «It is for me. You are wasting your time here.»
Apparently, it was not good news, a hurricane had formed and was about to approach the coast.
Tony didn't look away from Steve. "You did very well, Cap," he said smiling.
"You are Captain America. You must be there to inspire patriotism," Natasha replied in a solemn tone.
"You were looking for me? Can I help you with something?" Steve asked them trying to change the subject.
"OK, see you then," Tony said half absent and concentrated on the screen.
“Tony? Are you here Tony?” They could hear the voice of Rhodey in the distance.
"Tony, can we talk a second?" Steve asked.
"Yes," Tony said with a sigh. "Will you go with me?" He turned to look at him. He didn't know why he felt scared.
Tony turned to see him, "Is it a sacrilege if I try to kiss you inside the chapel?" He said looking at his lips.
"How?" Morgan asked surprised.
Even when was early in the morning the day felt hotter, Tony thought as he put on a silk robe. When he went downstairs, his nostrils were wrapped in the delicious aroma of fresh coffee in the morning. Upon arriving into the kitchen, the image of Steve in a white boxer and undershirt was all he needed to start the day. Steve was leaning on the counter holding a cup of coffee in his hand while watching something on his cellphone. Tony stood in front of him on the opposite counter.
"Hi, Peps. Apparently, the discussion is over too," Tony looked at Steve and went to greet Pepper.
"You love Steve like a daddy too, don't you?" Tony asked her and she nodded with a smile. "Then is a win-win," Tony assured her.
"Never better," Tony spoke with a bit of rudeness without realizing it.
"Let's build a smaller portal. I agree," Tony replied.
"Tony," Steve said but Tony kept walking.
They set out on foot, and the town was about 30 minutes away. It truly was a small town, but everyone seemed to be on the street spirited by the fair. As they walked the streets, they hesitated for a moment if they would be recognized. However, it seemed no one was attentive to them, and their only goal was to reach the fair square. Tony suggested they went to a place where were roasting meat. The smell made Steve's stomach roar, and he realized he had not eaten a proper meal for quite some time. They entered, sat down near a window, and when the waiter came they asked for a bit of everything. When the food arrived at the table, both began to eat as if there was no tomorrow. Between bites, they kept telling the stories of their pasts and remembered anecdotes of the shared adventures. They also planned it was better going fishing in the morning, and then some hiking in the afternoon.
Steve slowly went down kissing his neck, licking him, savoring his skin again. Then his lips started kissing his chest taking each nipple inside his mouth to suck it gently, and Tony gasped. He was exploring Tony's body with his hands, lips and tongue, stroking it, caressing it, until he was on his knees in front of him. Tony's cock was so hard already it was a relief when Steve tugged down his boxers and let his erection spring free. Steve gave a firm stroke to his cock and the simple touch made Tony moaned loudly. Then Steve took his cock right into his mouth and Tony grabbed the edge of the counter with his hands. At least this time he had something to lean on. Because Steve mouth was to much hot and wet, and his tongue was very clever. As if it had learned the lesson from the previous day and knew how to repeat every movement that made Tony groans. He didn't think he would ever quite get used to. He was melting against Steve’s ministrations.
At that moment Bruce also entered through the door.
"Yes?" Steve turned around.
Steve laughed, "OK."
Steve looked up, not understanding what he was talking about. "Me, why?," he asked concerned.
"The one on the right, sir," replied the AI.
"What can we give him?" Steve asked him with all his might. His heart was pounding so fast.
"You won't touch yourself," Steve said hoarsely, brushing his cock between Tony's buttocks.
Tony told FRIDAY to call Pepper and the rest. Without opening the portal at his side, Tony could already feel the presence of Steve at his side. When he turned around, he looked at them entering the room. Steve did his best not to look him in the eye. The door of the meeting room opened, and Pepper was the first to enter.
"Don't count on me to do Vishen's turn," said Kiran, whose voice was already half drunk.
Tony tapped his reactor again and the suit disappeared completely. "I don't think we can still call ourselves Avengers anymore, but tell me how I can help you?" He tried to sounded calm, but his mind was wondering about all the possibilities of this unexpected encounter.
Steve nodded and took a deep breath.
“It's fine. I am OK, too,” Steve tried to sound convincing.
Thor laughed, "I lost my other hammer because of my sister, the goddess of death, she broke it with her hands," he explained.
Tony liked talking to Pepper, it made him feel better. After looking that the sandwich he had prepared was still on the plate, he decided he was not hungry and went to his room to try to sleep.
"Yes."
Steve closed his eyes resting his head on the back of the bed.
"I'll check some things," Tony said stroking her lower lip with his thumb. He got up from the chair and went to his lab.
Someone cleared his throat and Steve turned to see Happy was there.
Half an hour later, Bruce had also joined dinner and now the five of them were resting on the sofas watching TV. Sure enough, Steve was on one of the sofas with Natasha lying with his feet on Steve's legs while he was giving her the massage. Tony couldn't help remembering Pepper while he saw Steve and Nat. They both looked so relaxed, so sympathetic to each other. As if that closeness was something very familiar. Tony missed those moments with Pepper, the simplicity of those brief moments. A thought came to his mind about how he had always recognized them. He had always recognized when he had been happy with Pepper. When the moments were special and he knew he should remember them forever. Those ephemeral moments were rooted in his memory. They defined his existence, his happiness, which only grow with those share moments. Even when one day he could have them with someone else, it will never happen again with her.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'm going to change," Steve said looking at the floor. "See you on Monday then," and left the hangar.
_ _ _ _ _
Steve turned around and looked at her with sadness in his eyes.
Pepper turned and her eyes were still fighting to hold back the tears. "No, it's better this way. I understand you wanted to stay. I didn't have much idea of what to do either."
_ _ _ _ _
"We were supposed to go back to the compound, and I didn't see you come. I asked Friday and she told me you came here," Steve explained.
_ _ _ _ _
«You will like it» said Steve with a pleasing tone.
... And remarkably, I believe you».
«You know I have a flying suit, right?» said Tony pointing out. «I live on a constant roller coaster.  And to tell you the truth, at first it was not easy to get used to it»
. However, I would have to do something, and I'm here to fulfill it," said Steve trying not to reveal anything with his words.
, it was so easy to get rid of that towel in his imagination and see Steve completely naked. Tony wanted to lick every inch of that body, touch it, caress it and watch him moan.
"Well perfect, tomorrow 9 am. Someone will pick you up, don't worry about the rest," Tony told her focusing on one task on the screen.
Pepper looked at them in amazement. In her face was reflected the bewilderment at the scene she was watching.
"I think only one person should go," Rocket told them. "It'll be much faster and more efficient. Build a smaller portal, and we already know where and how to return them."
. But he did it, he said his name.
"I'm starving!" Rhodey said happily and entered the cabin.
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve said turning around and looking into his eyes, but it was just a second because he immediately looked down at the cup of coffee in his hands. “How do you feel?”
. Where would he be?, Tony wondered. He got up and went to the bath. As the water ran through his body under the shower, the images and sensations of the previous night repeated in mind, and his body began to respond. Steve would be his downfall, Tony thought smiling. He knew he had awakened to a new day in which the mist seemed to have disappeared, and he could only feel a very sweet elation.
«I don't know about you two, but I need a big breakfast now,» Sam said, approaching.
"He is your equal," Pepper replied, holding back her tears. "You admire him, and he helps you fulfill your true self. He inspires you to be better at what you already are. And I can't compete against that."
"Yes," Steve replied in a sigh, blushing even more.
, and when you break them it is OK because?” Tony was fighting with Steve while entering the meeting room. The team was gathering to talk about what they should do next after that day mission.
. He smirked enjoying the warmth of Steve's breathing on his neck. The images of what they had done the night before came back to his mind and he couldn't help but sigh eagerly. Before long, he felt Steve hug him with a sigh too.
Tony said bringing the beer to his mouth. Suddenly, he heard as if cars were entering the cabin. It seemed strange to him, he had told Banner he would come there over the weekend but he didn't think anyone else knew. He got up and went to  the front door. Getting out of two cars was Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey, Thor and
Tony hooked his tongue roughly inside him entering the whole finger. And the other hand that was now working at his perineum reached further to grasp Steve's cock, stroking it quickly. Steve arched his back gasping loudly, moaning and thrusting back against Tony ministrations. He continued loosening and moistening his entrance feeling a great satisfaction from seeing and feeling Steve so affected and overwhelmed by the pleasure he provided him. Tony pulled away to tease Steve's entrance with two moistened fingers with lubricant. He watched his hole quiver as he swirled his fingers against it, he began to stroke and massage it until one lucky stroked found out the sensitive spot.
"Come for me, Steve," Tony told him with a hot breath in his ear. It didn’t take much more for Steve to cum. His erratic thrusts pushed him over the edge releasing an explosion inside of Tony. One thrust hit that blissful spot that sent Tony to paradise, and that was all it took for him too.
Steve was starting to wake up. He felt dazed, but oddly enough his body seemed to have rested. He was lying in a bed he could not recognize and saw white walls he also didn't remember seeing before. Suddenly, he realized he did not remember anything of what had happened or where he was. He felt bewildered, but at the same time the images came back to hit him with a new flow of emotions…
Tony's mind wasn't working properly he could say, because that idea was not a good idea. «I am sorry about before. I didn't mean to sound like a jailer, of course you can go whenever you want.
Steve really didn't know with certainty why he had chosen that timeline, but he was in Cambodia, in a monastery where war refugees received helped. A year had passed since his encounter with Tony. Now he was in the past again, helping the most in need, as always. It was his story. It really made sense in his life. Being there for others, to break the chain of injustices and protect those who could not do it by themselves. When he said goodbye to Bucky, they both knew he wasn't coming back. There he was working to help people who had no home or family left. However, the atmosphere you could breathe in that place was so peaceful, that did not match with the untold stories of pain Steve knew would have existed behind those eyes.
"Your call," Tony answered and followed Steve instructions.
"Love," Tony kissed him again.
, he thought. "Let's go to the room," he said and took Steve's hand to take him to the room. When they entered Tony's room, he put himself in front of Steve and began to open Steve's jeans. Steve took a deep breath when Tony lowered his jeans and got on his knees to remove them altogether with his shoes. Tony admired and his mouth watered before Steve's cock curved up towards his stomach. But he wanted to do something else for Steve, "I need you to lie in bed," he said.
. He hadn't dared to ask Rhodey about his home before, and now he wasn't sure if he had enough strength to enter. After a few seconds, he put away his suit and took a few steps toward the house.
In the window the sun began to rise. Once more, time was escaping from them.
Still, Tony couldn't believe that those bitter words came out of his mouth. He didn't really think that. He didn't feel better because Barnes's death. But after hearing him, seeing him there, he remembered Rhodey's words. And an overwhelming rage took possession of him, instead of any other feeling he knew he shouldn't feel.
First, they showered and changed, then decided they were very hungry and could use a walk into the nearby town to find a place to eat. Also, soon it was going to be sunset, so little more could be done.
"Rhodey, go to the left." Tony told Rhodey.
Tony opened his eyes and saw himself in Rhodey's arms, he felt out of breath. Pepper returned from the room and shouted his name, approaching. But it was not about the pain. He had to focus on something that was happening. Suddenly, he watched the TV.
. It was a very complicated situation to cope with. He had to be strong.
Steve turned to see Tony who nodded, "Reminds me to set up another warning system instead of that damn alarm," he said heading to the door and flew off.
The hours flew by and Tony hadn't noticed. He had been so focused that he lost track of time until the roar of his stomach told him he was hungry. He decided to go to his room, took a shower and then went down to see what they would eat. While he was in the elevator, Tony realized he only had lunched with Steve, and now he also needed to see where he was. Apparently, he was hungry for those full lips too. When the elevator opened, Tony met Bruce in the hallway.
Tony was kissing him again.
"You were very good too, buddy," Tony told Rhodey.
«I am really curious to hear an explanation. But my real dilemma is I'm not 100% sure if you have to be alive to tell me»
"I'm sorry, but I'm with Romanoff," Tony said, nodding at Natasha.
"I'll dance with you now," Steve said smiling.
Upon arriving at the house, Tony realized he did not have the best memories of Strange's house. The last time he had been there, things had not end well. But better focus on what they were going to do, Tony said to himself. Wong led them to the first floor and after walking various corridors he opened the door of a room. Inside, the rare objects on wooden shelves around catch their attention. There were little furniture and in the center, it seemed Wong had drawn a large white circle with an intertwined star. Some black-painted figures around the circle completed the scene. He and Steve had not spoken a word since they got there, but they looked at each other understanding neither of them had a clue what they would do.
Tony looked at him and nodded. They both rose from the sofa and headed to the door. They were already close to each other when Tony turned around.
«You need to rest,» Steve said leaning his head on Tony pillow with his face closer to his.
"I was worried about you," Steve said looking at him with concern.
"God, but when this happened?" Rhodey got up from the sofa and approached the TV.
He took the shaving foam and told himself he would at least get a little distracted when shaving.
Steve's mouth dropped lower, opening his jaw to take Tony’s cock completely. He began to move his tongue with each suck, and Tony gasped while hips made an effort to thrust up. For a moment, Tony thought it was too much. But when he heard Steve's pleasurable groan when he moved his hips, he felt he almost reached orgasm with just that sound. Steve pulled off for a second and then sink over Tony's entire cock and back off. He continued sucking and getting faster within the minutes. Tony's whole body was shaking, and his hips had lost all restraint, but Steve's moans encouraged him and in an instant he was giving in to the heady pleasure of orgasm. Steve sucked on every hip movement until Tony cock twitched on his tongue as he came. He kept sucking and tasting, savoring Tony with his tongue.
Tony saw them leave and turned to see Steve staring at him.
Tony smiled with a half smile and shook his hand again with Pepper's father.
«I'm not sure how much I slept, but I think yesterday» replied Steve calmly.
«Why yesterday?» Tony asked this time with a little more despair.
"So little fans are your true weak point. Who would believe it?" Tony jokingly told him.
"Are you sure?" Pepper asked. "We cannot go with them?"
"Tony," said Steve, getting up on his shoulders and looking sideways worried.
— — — — —
Steve shook his head and sat on a bench nearby.
It looks really creepy» said Steve not sounding very convinced.
"Please, Steve," Tony tried to say but Steve interrupted him.
"Tony, what happened? Why won't you come back?" Rhodey asked worriedly.
Neither of them could move from their places, but their eyes could not stop staring at the other. In the course of an instant their eyes went from astonishment, to sadness, to hope, to joy. All emotions contained in a second.
— — — — —
. Tony wanted to be upset, he told Bruce he needed that weekend alone and had barely spent a day there and now almost the whole team was there too. It was something to be upset, but it was impossible to hide the smile on his face when he saw them getting out of the cars.
"He is too young, he will get there," Somnang tried to sound convincing. "Someday, I pray," he ended up saying with doubt.
"Calm down, it's just a prototype I'm designing,” Tony answered him smiling. “But I'm very happy for your enthusiasm," he said satisfied.
He told himself.
«I'll come back,» Pepper smiled again, but she looked overwhelmed and went to the door. She stood there looking at both of them. «Try to rest,» she said with a soft smile.
"OK, but at least text me when you get there," Rhodey told him unconvinced.
. He got up from his seat.
"Come on, Love. You need to go," Steve said softly.
«Yes, it is a severe burned. But he will be fine soon enough to celebrate what he has done for all us,» the nurse said looking at him with admiration. «He is having the best treatment. We all are sure of that,» she looked at Steve with a sweet smile.
"Yes, Sir, do you want me to inform Mr. Rhodes?" Friday asked.
_ _ _ _ _
). And likewise, that strange desire made an appearance again. One that only at this moment he would allow himself to feel. A desire who spoke of giving life to his smile. He being responsible for his laughter. To give permission to those eyes to see him and release that caged, restricted passion he could sense.
. This was not right, he had to respect Steve's body. In the morning they would solve this situation and that torment would end. He got into the bathtub and opened the shower. Being under the shower with warm water made him calm a little. He spent a few minutes like that and then took the soap.
"Girls, behave yourselves," said the girls' mother gesturing them to stop. "Thank you very, very much. We will wait
Steve could feel his heart beating desperately. He approached Tony who hadn't stopped looking at him.
Tony groaned when he felt the brush of those lips again. The closeness of their bodies became pure pleasure in an instant. The hand on Steve's face passed to his hair and with the other he clung to his shoulder. There it was that indomitable passion again. With just one kiss, Tony felt Steve telling him about forgiveness, about a confession finally free, a hidden desire, about
Tony took his phone and wrote to Rhodey first. He told him he would "pick him up" because he needed to talk to him. Then he wrote to Romanov and Rogers. For a moment he thought about talking to Pepper, but he knew for sure she would be mad with any explanation he gave her. Perhaps it was better to meet with the others first, and discuss what they could do to help. Then he would deal with the fact of telling Pepper he was once again getting into trouble.
"I think I lived missing everything, all the time. It wasn't nostalgia. I wanted everything to be as before. And after many stumbles, one day I realized I had to learn to live in this present." Steve told him thoughtfully.
The next morning Tony got up very early. He didn't usually do it, but he knew that way Steve could be found in the kitchen. After squeezing his head all night, he still didn't know how to start that conversation.
"It was the only way, Cap. We both had to go through. If we hadn't done it that way we wouldn't have been able to get all them out the way we did," Tony explained calmly.
"Love...You'll make me..." Steve told him out of breath and saw Tony's mischievous gaze as he slowly backed away from his cock.
"Scott, please explain to Tony and Bruce what you told us," Steve told him.
"Count with me," Rhodey said nodding.
"Yes, this is life," Tony said happily.
"Please, I want your mouth," Steve said and he was shaking, his body trembling with anticipation.
Once again while they kissed, both understood the ritual of inhaling their souls, as one part of them surrendered to the other forever.
"They're not here, but I already talked to them and they're on their way," Bruce replied.
«Why?» Now his brain wanted to limit itself to monosyllables, Tony thought.
"You need to rest," Steve told him.
he passed out. It was pretty obvious Steve was avoiding him. But the truth was, he really did not want to see him either. It had not even occurred to him to ask about the Cap. Although he knew he also was living there like everyone else. So this was going to be awkward, but the time had come, he thought.
Why didn't he look him in the eyes?
_ _ _ _ _
"Thanks, dear," Tony replied to the AI.
«Friday, how are you dear? Tell me something that can enlighten this day, I really need good news to start working.»
Came to his mind. «Well pal, we have all the time you need, because the good news is you have accommodation free of charge. Do you like the place?»
«OK I challenge you to a dart game. If I win, we ride the attraction over there. If you win, we do whatever you want» Steve said, offering him a deal.
Pepper nodded and kissed him again. "I will wait for you downstairs."
A week passed and the progress in the Extremis formula was quite good. However, Tony and Bruce decided that it would be better to do the procedure when Steve and Thor were with them. They did not want to risk a Hulk previously determined to not come out, now would like to do so. Tony couldn't imagine the giant's fury if that happened, but he already had experience that it didn't end well at all. Better not take chances.
«Good morning,» Steve said in front of him.
"Will all this be true? Do we trust him?" Natasha said softly with her back to Scott.
"Tell that to Mark 79," Rhodey laughed.
"Shut up, Wilson. How is he?" Bucky asked.
Steve smiled, and for the first time Tony noticed the difference in their heights.
Tony was the first to turn, and Steve followed.
"He's not a bad person, and you already know that. He was really worried about you," Rhodey said, drawing him out of his abstraction.
"Banner," shouted Hulk, very very angry. "Banner," and he began to throw everything around him.
"Sarah," Steve helped him.
"You tricked me, Captain, you were already close," he replied sighing.
«I don't want to hear anything. No explanations, no
. Tony tried to let go of him, but the body in front of him held him firmly while placing softly one hand on the back of his neck. «I'm not going to hurt you. You have to calm down and try to breathe» Tony heard him said with a calming tone and to his own surprise, he began to breathe more easily. Despite he was in a peculiar position with his head resting on his chest, he wanted to think the comfort and serenity his voice conveyed to him, came from the memory of a friend whom he did trust.
Steve could also recognize the serenity that both his body and his mind had when he was back with Tony. He had had a 12-hour shift in a row and yet it was now that his body felt tired. As if he could relax because he had seen him again. Maybe it would be good to try to get some rest. His mind began to wander in the memories shared with Tony. The hug they had given just a few hours ago, the farm, the trip to the 1970 they were about to have...
"Steve," Tony said hesitantly.
Tony ended the short distance between them. With all the strength contained not only in those days, but since he had met him. He moved towards Steve placing his hands on his neck and began to kiss him. First he had only pressed his lips against his. But when Steve's hands immediately took him by the waist to bring him closer, it was all the permission he needed for his lips to start moving. Steve's moan echoed in his ears as Tony laced his fingers in his hair to pull him closer. Tony's tongue demanded entrance and their lips sealed in a desperate, hungry, longing kiss that left them breathless. A kiss from which they could not apart. They were taking each other desires and wants, their tongues were now playing in a burning ritual and Tony felt lost. But that was not enough, he wanted closeness. He wanted to merge with him. Steve picked him up and pushes him against the wall. A war to possess the kiss had begun, and Tony felt a strange sensation ran through his body. As if it wanted to pierce his soul, as if time could stop. Then, he turned his lips away for a moment to take some air, and Steve took the opportunity to kiss his neck. Tony could feel the warmth of his breath, his wet lips ran over his skin...
Steve laughed «We could do something about that».
"What? The Captain is very good," Thor said, wiping away his tears. And everyone laughed.
"I know," Steve replied.
Tony moved causing Steve lost control in his position. A very visceral growl came out of the mouth of Captain America, and Tony closed his eyes feeling the pain of his abandoned cock that was writhing at Steve's throaty sounds. He tried to move again to touch himself. He could no longer resist, however, this caused Steve to lose control again. "
"Nat," Steve took a deep breath. "How can you see it so clearly?"
"Steve," Tony heard himself say as he was possessed by a pleasant dream.
. Steve could not help the memory of him to come back to his mind. One more year since the last time he saw him. Steve had returned to Cambodia, but then one thing had led to another, and now he was working as a nurse in a hospital in Kathmandu.
"Sure," Steve said staring at him.
Tony was with his head on Steve's chest while his arms and legs hugged him tightly. They were lying on the couch.
«I have, of course. Once I prepared an omelet for Pepper» Tony replied, sounding proud.
"Fuck, I can't even kiss you," Tony said annoyed again.
"I feel like any moment you're going to ask me on a date," Tony joked with him.
"Oh, only heaven knows you missed me too, and you don't want to admit it." Thor threw himself into an effusive hug, and Tony couldn't help it.
"No, Cap didn't come with me. He appeared as a babysitter like you here. You can both walk where you came from. I'll fly back to the compound," Tony explained.
“It is not about time. I love her. She is everything and there is nothing left inside me,” Tony said with sadness.
"A group of magicians, wizards or whatever they are called cannot know what happened to us. How will we find the solution?" Tony said annoyed.
«Make up sex then. It sounds like a good deal to me,» Steve said out of breath.
Tony began to walk very fast through the corridors of the house. They were like mazes.
"Yes," Steve replied breathlessly.
— — — — —
he was the one who needed to make the decision? He needed to talk to Bruce, he thought.
"It would have hurt her," Steve replied without turning around.
"OK," Tony said following his steps until he saw him leave.
"Happy new year, my friend," Steve said. "I'm going for the beers," he added winking at Chandra.
"I'll go to the lab," said Tony.
The next morning, Steve was in the kitchen making coffee while Tony worked in the living room. He had lost the battle, and the next day Tony was working again. At least, he had managed for him to rest for a day and sleep about 8 hours in a row. Maybe he had half lost, he told himself smiling. He went to bring Tony's coffee.
"Here Sarah was working on one of my recycling projects and has offered to help me with the design I'm running now. So you got competition," Tony said very pleased, as he looked Steve in the eyes and sipped his whiskey.
"I'm going to lose my mind if we don't stop," Tony said short of breath.
«Well I cannot remember for sure, and yeah, I still am a spoiled child. You bet there are things will never change» Tony said with a smirk on his face.
The machine was smaller than the one they had created for the other journeys. However, the procedure remained the same. Steve was in the center of the device with his suit and GPS in hand. In the hangar were only Tony, Bruce, Rocket, Natasha and him.
"Cap," said Tony. Only the two of them were left at the entrance.
_ _ _ _ _
"How do you know?" Tony asked raising an eyebrow.
Tony, on the other hand, was walking through the exhibition and saw a young couple who stop in front of a painting it seemed familiar to him. He approached them to see it more closely and saw there was a poem too. He could not help hearing them discuss it.
"Did Nebula speak to you when you were together on the ship? She looks very serious," Bruce asked now intrigued.
"I want to cum with you inside me," Tony said, breathing heavily.
"What happened?" Steve looked at them with curiosity.
"Good morning," Tony said with a smile of extreme satisfaction at the image before him.
"Cheers," Steve said, looking into Tony eyes.
"Thank you, Nat," Steve told her smiling too.
"Yes, I'm fine. I was just astonished to see him since so long. Strange, I introduce you to my friend Vishen; Vishen this is Dr. Strange," Steve said.
"I'll be fine," Steve replied running his hand through his wet hair.
"Thank you," Steve said. "I brought you something from Wakanda, but it's in my bag downstairs," he said, blushing intensely.
In the city center, hundreds of people were gathered to the tribute. The governor had put a platform from where several people would share some words about that day. He explained all the cities in the country had pledged to place walls with the names of all the people they had lost. It was a way to honor their presence with them. Then, he gave way to Steve, whom everyone now listened to carefully. In the crowd some tears and sobs were heard at his words. And it was his words spoke of an inevitable truth, Tony thought. They would live with the pain of loss forever, but he liked knowing that one day they would learn to live with it. Tony looked at so many people around him who suffered the same pain, and once again he understood the magnitude of what had happened. He promised himself he would live to make the world something better. He would do it. And this time it would not be of protecting it because of the fear of it lost. This time it would be born from that warmth of his heart that united him with everyone. Every creature that lived in this new world will have the right to have the best life.
The sunlight coming through the window made him open his eyes. It was dawn and Tony had managed to rest for at least a few hours. He got up and left the room. He was surprised to see their room with the door open and without thinking twice he entered. Pepper was not there, but the two suitcases on the floor spoke for themselves. Tony went down to the kitchen and saw Pepper talking on the phone on the porch. He poured himself a cup of coffee he did not drink and after a few minutes dared to go to her. Pepper was no longer on the phone, and she was staring into the horizon.
"I meant it. Your super optimism with my voice and body sounds weird," Tony joked with him.
"Yes it is, it's very peaceful," Steve said pleased.
"Shut up, Rogers. I'm listening," Tony replied impatiently. He needed the evening to end and needed to leave there
"Give me a second, Love," Tony told him answering the phone.
Tony entered the room and saw Steve sitting with his head lining on the couch. He seemed to be asleep.
"It's nothing serious..." said Steve, and suddenly on his face could be seen how the
"Oh, that's enough. It's my lucky day, isn't it?" Tony said trying to joke.
"Tony, good morning," Bruce said entering the kitchen and Tony stood in front of the counter trying to hide his prominent erection.
"Hey, don't you come? The food can't stand that much with this heat," Steve said smiling.
. Tony thought he heard footsteps behind him but decided to stay still and not move. At that moment some arms began to wrap around him from behind, but he immediately turned around and was hugging him. Tony hugged him tightly around the waist as he buried his head in his chest breathing deeply his scent.
Steve sighed. "Loving you keeps me going," he said, resting his forehead on Tony's.
"The truth is, no, but we did have your record," Natasha said with a grimace.
Tony must have captured his expression, since his next words sounded concerned. «You need to stop doing that. You are torturing yourself, just be here with me» he said keeping his eyes looked to his.
"Coffee?" Tony told him, handing him one of the two coffees he had in his hands.
«Both,» Tony stared at him.
Pepper hugged him tightly. "I knew everything would work out." She stroked his face, and Tony saw her very moved.
"How about I make your favorite pasta?" Pepper was in front of him with a big smile. She looked genuinely happy to have him back. Tony's heart skipped a beat and took her by the neck to kiss her. He heard Pepper's moan and deepened the kiss bringing her closer to him.
"I have you, Steve," Tony said out of breath. He knew he was touching Steve's prostate, so he focused his thrusts on hitting that spot over and over again. The force and fervor of Steve's orgasm did not take him by surprise when it started. Tony just stroked Steve's cock through it until he was shuddering and trembling against him. This drove Tony into a frenzy, as he shuddered and felt his whole body tightened. He thrust again over the edge of his orgasm, until one last thrust took him to the summit of pleasure.
"The paintings in the churches are very meaningful, it seems incredible to me how feelings can be expressed, captured in them. Devotion, love, pain, loss..." Steve told him while looking at a painting thoughtfully.
Steve could not help but smile. There they were, he had missed him so much. His jokes, his cleverness. The way they could be around each other with the pleasant feeling of their friendship…
"Do you prefer the
Tony turned to look at her, "Yes, that's what I thought," he said nodding.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'm on my way," Tony said, flying to the other side of the mines.
“I need to go,” Tony repeated out of breath and made an attempt to leave, but Steve was hugging him from behind.
"Love, are you okay?" Chandra asked getting up on the bed and putting a hand on his chest.
"They were your best friends. They would have done it for you," Tony told him to make him feel better.
Steve joined the laughing. "In the sense... God, there is no way with you! I know you could continue playing with me all day"
"You want it too," Tony moved his waist so that theirs erections rubbed further and saw Steve close his eyes for a moment. When Steve opened his eyes, Tony looked back at that wild beast looking at his exposed prey. It was very hard for Steve to breathe and keep his sanity while looking at him with such hunger. Tony could see Steve liked what he saw, in that position he was at his mercy. Steve gaze told him he wanted to devour him and, above all, his eyes showed he liked to dominate him. A few steps echoed in the distance and Steve pulled away from him quickly leaving the kitchen.
Tony woke up. That was a very strange dream, he thought. He had fallen asleep again, he didn't know what that place had but he could rest there. He got up and went for a glass of water to the kitchen, through the window he saw it was beginning to be sunset. The images of the dream came back again. Pepper looked very beautiful in it, that smile made him feel a welcoming warmth in his heart. Waking up from such a dream, for the first time, left him a pleasant feeling. Tony decided to go for a walk around the lake.
"I need to talk to Bruce," Steve told her.
He didn't know it and as absurd as it seemed he believed him. The questions of how and why vanished before his presence. He could only see him. He also had to accept that for small instants, he felt overwhelmed for having that knowledge. Since leaving the cave, his battle against death seemed to be an endless contest. Now he knew she was the winner. That didn't scare him, but he did think about the world he would leave behind. He felt responsible and believed perhaps he had done little to protect it, to protect Pepper, the meaning of his world. He would take that announcement from Steve as an incentive to continue improving. Make his armor better, help the team improve theirs, give more scholarship, finance more tech projects. At least leave his contribution so the future is still there without him, but protected.
Tony was amazed at those hands and those long legs that seemed to move with his thoughts. He must be dreaming, and that was a really freakish nightmare. He got up as he could to look in the mirror again and a bewildered Steve Rogers, with astonished eyes, saw him back. He began to notice how his breathing accelerated and his first thought was to touch the mirror. He saw how that hand touched the mirror and how Steve's face was still there. Then, he touched his face, but the mirror reflected a Steve who was breathing hard and touching his face. Suddenly, he heard his name.
"I love you," Tony told her placing his forehead on hers.
Pepper took him by the hand again. "It was until you opened your eyes and I could see you." She gave him a sweet smile.
Wong took a breath. "I wouldn't ask you this if I had someone else to turn to. But if the sorcerers were few. Now we are much less." There was a profound sadness in his voice.
"Yes, but at least we can be polite to each other, right?" Tony said with resentment.
"No, you're out there where you always go in your memories," Chandra said stroking his cheeks.
«We already made peace,» Tony told him biting his lips while staring at Steve.
"I can't do this," Steve said without turning around. "You don't know how sorry I am for hurting you."
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry," Tony said, unable to stop laughing.
A few second later, Steve was at the door of the room.
"He was very brave," Bucky told him.
"Are you Captain America?" the older girl asked.
"I am," Steve assured him, looking into his eyes, and Tony calmed down a bit.
"Steve," Tony desperately said pressing the back of the bed tightly.
Their eyes were locked on each other and there was a mysterious understanding of meanings. Steve knew he had crossed a line with no return, but he could not hold any longer. He came here because he wanted to end the agony. It was so terrifying to live in a world where Tony was not there. Where he would miss him every day. Where the regrets were growing with the minutes because he hadn't said the words that were burning his soul.
Steve moved so fast one could say he already knew he was going to be hit. He tried to hide behind a bench knowing the preposterous of doing it.
«I am now,» Pepper answered smiling.
— — — — —
_ _ _ _ _
Tony stood in front of Steve, took him by the neck and spoke to him with his forehead to his. "You bring me back to life," he said with a sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thus, the days passed, and Tony stayed in the cabin working in the satellite design. That morning he worked very focus and in what he realized it was noon. He stopped for a while for lunch and afterwards he decided he would take a walk. While walking to the lake, Tony closed his eyes and wished with all his might Steve were there with him.
«Don't fucking laugh at me, Rogers,» Tony said still annoyed.
Tony devoured his lips, sucked them and used his tongue to savor Steve completely. When Tony heard him moan, reality became even more delicious than fantasy. Tony was kissing him hard, hungrily and without realizing it, he had taken Steve against a wall. When he finally separated himself a little to breath, Steve's look of desire overwhelmed him completely. Tony could not wish for more than those eyes to look at him forever. For that desperate breath to join his, so that only
«Do you promise me you'll come back?» Tony asked, trying to sound confident, but in his voice a hint of apprehension could be heard.
“Everything will be fine, you're here with us. Just breathe, we'll explain what happened." Bruce's voice made him calm a little. He trusted them and even more Pepper. As weird as that nightmare was, it was good they were with him.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Tony exclaimed in frustration.
. There was no room for love, when there was honor.
Steve couldn't help the flashback from coming to his memory. A farm for Pepper, for his life with her...«It sounds like a good plan to me», he replied.
"Everything will be fine, let's trust that these two brains think better than one," Bruce nodded.
"Here, this is a potato peeler and here you have the washed potatoes.
"Captain, then you can come back or stay. It will always be your decision." Strange assured him.
"The food..." Steve said but could not finish speaking when he saw Tony naked lying on his bed.
"Perfect, Rhodey will go to London tomorrow too. I'm sorry we stay here, but we need to finish the formula," Bruce said, pointing to Tony.
Tony's mind immediately moved to the scene of few weeks ago in the sauna. In spite of everything, nothing had changed between Steve and him. If anything, they seemed to get along better or at least they finished their fights in less time. However, since that day something changed for him. Tony felt like a stupid teenager although he was too old for those behaviors. But sometimes when he was alone with Steve, he felt nervous. His defense mechanism was to talk too much, and despite Steve found funny everything he said, that blessed smile didn't help at all. Steve proximity was noticeable at all times, and many times he felt like the place was hot even when the weather could prove otherwise. What a shame his old self,
In the elevator Tony asked FRIDAY where Steve was and the AI responded him he had gone to his room. Better, Tony thought. That way the rest wouldn't have to find out if he screwed it up again. When he got to Steve's room, he knocked on the door, but he didn't hear an answer. He dared to touch the handle and to his surprise it wasn't closed. When he entered, he looked for him in the room, but did not see him. He was about to ask FRIDAY again if she was sure Steve had returned to his room when a stifled groan caught his attention. It couldn't be, Tony thought. But he began to slowly approach the bathroom in the room and could hear more clearly those moans that were fought to be contained. Tony leaned back on the wall next to the bathroom door and closed his eyes. Steve had not been able to resist touching himself after their encounter.
«Please, don't cry,» Tony said caressing her face.
"I'm happy for you," Rhodey told him putting a hand on his shoulder.
Tony had run out of words. He could only see those blue eyes,
"Yes," Steve replied, staring at Tony lovingly. "I've learned to be. It has taken me a long time to get here, but I think I finally understand Somnang's words," Steve said with a soft smile.
Steve sighed. After a few seconds, it seemed he took strength and looked into his eyes. "I could feel your presence."
Steve smiled and approached him. Tony couldn't look at him in the eyes. "I'd love to see you again. I was about to ask you," Steve told him and Tony looked up.
“What happened with the old couple there?” Rhodey asked Natasha pointing at Tony and Steve.
"Not much to say," Steve smiled. "But I think they would have gotten along with time."
"Depends on what it means to you to be polite. Do you need a kiss on the cheek with the
Tony stopped and looked at Steve. «I don't know what to do,» he said defeated.
"Yes. Everything went well on my part," Steve replied.
“I'm really fine, we're all fine. The world, the
Tony put the glass to his lips and drank the rest of his drink. "We must go to the table, now Wakanda ambassadors will have their speech. I don't want to miss it," Tony said very quickly and went to the table. He could hear Steve's soft laugh as he followed him.
"What?" Tony asked, turning around.
"The world on earth and in the universe changed in an instant a day like today. The pain is like a flame that burns in our hearts and right now we feel it hurts us deeply, leaving us breathless. Our beloved family, friends, partners, colleagues, classmates, neighbors, each and every person that once touch our lives. We will never forget them. They will never leave our side, and we will honor their memories, their presences and legacies in this world. Nevertheless, life must go on. We can move on. If the impossible came true one day, then we know there can be no limits to our imagination. We must continue, it is worth living. One day not too far away that flame in our hearts will not extinguish. But we will learn to live with it and understand its purpose. To fill our hearts with warmth, keep us alive.  We will love them until eternity. We will live to honor their lives and our lives. We deserve to live fully. We owe to them and to the wonderful manifestation that is Life."
"You were doing what any of us would have done" Rhodey replied.
"Little people. My favorites," Tony said smiling.
“It was you by my side that day when I was unconscious,” Tony said and Steve turned around again. “I felt empty when your caresses and your whispers went away.”
Steve smiled, but Natasha's words overshadowed his thinking as well.
"I did not want to make you feel worse," Steve said with concern.
"Jesus, Tony, we're on New Year's Eve! No work, you can't steal my girlfriend," Rhodey replied in amazement.
"I better tell him to come up. It will be easier for both of you if you already talk." Pepper smiled at him and headed for the door. "Tony." He looked up to see her. "I love you. Everything will be fine."
Steve felt himself out of breath. Tony's intense gaze reached the depths of his soul. He couldn't recognize which of them was getting closer. There was an unspoken approval to do so. While holding Tony's hand with one of his own, his other hand wanted to touch his face. Maybe he was about to do it, maybe he had done it, then Tony's phone rang.
"Bruce is on his way," Natasha told him approaching.
Steve was trying to convince himself in the absurdity of the situation.
- - - - -
"Yeah, I saw," Steve said, "But if you want, we can buy something. I can cook," Steve said with a smile.
"I love you. You're my life," Steve said with a sigh.
"I think one month and everything will be ready," Tony said enthusiastically.
_ _ _ _ _ _
Tony didn't have time to respond, and Rhodey was already at the door of the room.
The more he thought about it, the more disgraceful and unforgivable it seemed what he had done. Tony dressed as quickly as he could to get down to the lab. It was better if he focused on something else. When he went to the elevator, the roar of his stomach surprised him. Suddenly, he realized he was very hungry, as if he hadn't eaten in days and now his body was scolding him for abandonment.
The one who plays with fire...He did or said stupid things and then fled in terror, Tony thought. He was no paying  attention to the speech of the Wakanda ambassadors and could only feel the touch of Steve's leg against his. The very stubborn man had brought his chair too close.
"I know," Tony said. “I understand perfectly. He was a very mysterious man, but at least if you saw him it means this whole operation we are doing might work," he said expectantly.
“It's alright, I understand you. Take all the time you need. I can give you a ride if you need,” Steve replied.
Tony closed his eyes. It felt so good Steve called him
Tony smirked at him as he continued to lick and suck that cock he wanted so much between his lips. He continued sliding his mouth up and down along with the pumping of his hand, and he could see how he had made Steve forget about any question. Every swirling of Tony’s tongue evoked Steve's gasps with more intensity as if each of his movements were melting him. Between pant and moans, Steve started bulking up his hips when Tony took him even deeper. With his free hand he cupped Steve's balls to squeeze them and heard him let out a loud whimper. He hummed around his length, and Steve tried to say a word that Tony could sense was a warning. But he just smiled pleased as he saw him burn to his ministrations. In a few seconds Steve couldn't hold back his orgasm shooting down Tony's throat while crying out his name. Tony pulled back so only Steve's head was in his mouth, swallowing every drop and still working the head with his tongue. After a moment, licking his lips, Tony leaned next to him to look at him.
"Well it's me, and I'm a lost cause, but thank for caring for me dear. Everything is okay, really." This time Tony spoke a little more like himself.
"I'll call Tony," Steve nodded.
"Me too. Remember we are both guilty." Tony sighed and turned to see him. "I need to be alone." He headed for the door when he felt Steve take him by the arm. The moment Steve touched his arm, Tony felt the blast of heat again, but with such intensity he had to close his eyes. When Tony opened his eyes, he saw Steve a few meters in front of him. He looked around and saw they were in what it seemed like a white room, but infinite as the library. The ground looked like water but they could be on it.
"He's ready," said Cho. At first, it was difficult to convince her, but she also understood Bruce's situation and agreed to carry out the procedure. "Whenever you say."
, Tony thought. Steve immediately smiled pleased to see him and Tony's heart skipped a beat as if he had years without seeing him. Steve approached Tony and took the beer he had in his hand to drink a little.
They arrived at the conference venue and were received by Blaine. They were among several ambassadors and some representatives of the militia who greeted Steve with great enthusiasm and made him calm down a bit. They sat in a table next to the ambassadors of Wakanda. When it was time to give the speech, Captain America made his appearance, and Steve's words sounded with great fortitude and conviction. It had been a fair vote, Tony thought.
"A kiss," Tony said out of breath. "It will always be more than a kiss," and he kissed Steve again bringing him closer.
He continued questioning himself. Suddenly, Tony realized he missed
"I confessed that to you yesterday and you can't use it against me. It's very rude of you," Tony told him acting as if he was offended.
“I'm glad you are here,” Tony said looking to Rhodey eyes and trying to convey his love for him. He still had his other best friend, he thought.
"Well, we need a good speech and there is no one better for it than Rogers. Please go to the center of the room," Natasha said raising the beer in her hand.
«How old are you now? 95? Yeah, you sound like a
«So, we have an agreement?» Steve said in a low voice.
The day had come. Pepper's birthday. Tony had decided to spend the weekend in the cabin they had bought. He was having a beer sitting in the courtyard that overlooked the lake. His thoughts were going to that day in which Pepper and him spoke that if they decided to have children it would be perfect to live there. How life would have been with her in that place, he wondered. The house was beautiful and quite large, and perhaps one of the best things it had was the lake so close.
Steve looked at Tony, “
«Don't say her name!» Tony shouted out with anguish in his voice.
Tony woke up, and Steve wasn't in bed with him. He must have gone to the gym, he thought. He went down to the kitchen looking for coffee, but it was strange no one had made coffee yet. He set the coffee machine and headed to the dining room; no one having breakfast. If he thought it through, the compound was very silent, and that was rare. He would go to find Steve at the gym and even better if he was already in the sauna, he thought smiling. He walked to the gym, but it was also empty.
"You and I... Are we alright?" Steve insisted on staring at him. His eyes seemed to speak of something Tony might not want to understand.
"Oh Jesus, don't be so good. It's not like he's going to be traumatized for it." Then those sympathetic eyes stared at him and Tony sighed. "OK, 1 more hour and we go back home."
A month later, finally the trips, the visits to exotic places, the best honeymoon one could have in life was over and they returned to the routine. Tony was with Rhodey, while Steve was going to the compound. When he entered one of the compound's meeting rooms, he saw Natasha eating a sandwich.
Steve stared at him for a long time, Tony couldn't know how much. They were just staring at each other in silence until Steve replied. "I would have a new beginning. A new life... With
"I think I now messed up the scene in your mind," Steve said embarrassed.
"Steve," Tony didn't know what to say, although something told him he had to say something. He only saw how Steve lowered his pants and with one hand stroked his cock again. Tony didn't want to close his eyes before that image, but with only Steve's breath approaching his cock he was lost. Steve took a long lick along one side first, tasting his arousal with his tongue. Tony had to hold on to the door handle to keep from falling. His whole body felt weak. Steve slid his left arm over Tony's hip to help him. But he continued with his task, now trailing down with his tongue to lick on precume from Tony's cock.
Steve was surprised with Tony's fishing skills. Apparently sport fishing, and he did it very well. But still so, they had a cooler box to take the fish. And as Steve promised, only he would take care of cooking.
«You need to wait. He needs time,» Bucky told him.
Steve laughed. "You won't want to hear your muscles will hurt if you don't exercise constantly."
«Hi, can I come in?» Pepper asked quietly.
"Hi honey, don't make an effort to get up. We can help you," Pepper spoke to him very softly as if she didn't want to upset him.
«Stop right there» said Tony sharply. «There are so many questions in my mind right now.
Cho started injecting the formula and everyone was holding their breath. They looked how the liquid was disappearing from the syringe and entering Bruce's brain. A minute later and Cho was withdrawing the syringe.
“Tony,” Steve took a deep breath and was looking at him with some kind of understanding. He didn't seem upset.
"The things I'm going to do to you when I'm better," Tony said smiling maliciously.
"Thank you, but this one here caused many tears," Rhodey pointed to Steve.
Steve knew what he meant, but his voice was lost again. He didn't know what to say now.
Lyrics: Night and day, Billie Holiday.
"I don't want a new house. I want my old house," the girl grumbled.
"I missed you," Tony said breaking the kiss as his eyes looked at Steve with lust. "Stay with me," he said with a short breath.
It was getting dark, and Tony and Rhodey shared a beer on the porch of the cabin Tony had rented to spend the summer. He liked it so much that sometimes he thought it would be ideal to live there. It was a beautiful and very quiet place.
Now he touched his face and smiled as he felt that careless beard.
— — — — —
"Yes, Sir."
Other silent minutes passed, and Tony listened as Steve got up from the floor a took a few steps away. Tony got up too and grabbed the handle. This time, it was a little easier to open the door.
Steve smiled. "I remember that too."
“Don't go,” Tony said in a whisper, and Steve was kissing him.
"We can stop avoiding each other now," Tony said with a half smile.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'm here for you," Steve stared at him.
"I will travel this afternoon to Wakanda as we talked," Steve said, still looking at Tony.
Steve immediately stood up a little to look around terribly shocked, "Tony, I thought...," but then he heard Tony's laugh.
"Tony, he's in Louisiana," Natasha replied. "I wanted to ask Rhodey about evacuation plans..."
_ _ _ _ _
"Do you all live together?" Sarah said smiling.
"We have to go back to the compound right now," Tony said enthusiastically. "Friday, call Bruce," he said taking his phone and heading for the stairs. "We had breakfast on the road, Love," he shouted happily as he went to their room.
"OK," Steve said stroking his back.
"You must go," Steve said looking at the floor, and Tony felt their hearts beat desperately.
"We are all fools in Love," Steve said stroking his face. "I understood you, and I understand you now. It wasn't easy, but this time I had to wait for you to come to me," Steve looked at him with loving eyes. "And you did."
"Tony, I'm glad to see you," Steve said with a soft smile on his lips.
"Thank you, Nat," Steve smiled. "They told me it would take a couple of weeks to lower all the inflammation and control any possible infection. Then, they can do the regeneration treatment," he explained her.
Who was that Tony, whom Steve mourned and longed for? He did not think it was himself.
Tony nodded. He knew Steve thanked him for making that situation something not so absurd when trying to joke about it. After a few minutes in silence, Tony spoke again. "When did you wake up?"
_ _ _ _ _
, he told himself.
Steve knew he was talking about Tony, but he couldn't understand how he could help him if he was...
"But tomorrow, everything will be fine again," Pepper looked at him tenderly. "Tell me what I can do to help you?"
Tony sighed, “Well, it's like a strange mist from where I see everything," Tony replied as if that explained it all. But Bruce looked at him encouraging him to keep talking, and Tony took a deep breath.
"Thanks Tony, I knew you would understand. I don't think it's easy. But it's a journey I'm willing to have," Bruce said, nodding.
«Great, I'll arrange everything for tomorrow» said Tony with a shy smile.
. He heard himself say out loud. The moment he said his name, he noticed how Steve immediately stopped the treadmill and looked sideways. It was impossible he had heard it, Tony thought. Steve placed his hands on the treadmill to support himself, but he fell to his knees. Tony began to breathe hard and felt his heart beating very fast.
— — — — —
"Are you OK?" Rhodey worried turned to see him.
"Excellent speeches gentlemen," Natasha said smiling.
Tony sighed again. "I thought I had already found her."
“Please what?” Tony smiled wickedly, thrusting him only with his tongue this time. Steve practically whined, his body shaking now.
Captain, Tony thought.
"Girls, stop jumping," said the Dad, but they paid little attention to him. "Sorry, forgive me if they bothered you," he said to Tony and Steve.
For an instant, Steve forgot how to speak and could only stare at Strange.
Steve was kissing him fervently. As one who understood what had not been said but could breathe it in the air. Tony hugged him with all his might, his heart pounding with a joy he could recognize. A part of him belonged to Steve, Tony thought. He had to give the world what he felt.
Steve groaned, "It feels good to take you like this," Steve told him by squeezing his buttocks.
«What about
«Love, tried not to move,» Steve said carefully.
" was all Steve could say when he heard him. It was too much. It was more than he had asked. When Steve turned to see Tony to his face, he saw that mischievous smile on his lips. He knew he was completely lost. Tony had caught him again.
"I know. We're so close, but we need to get away a little and see everything again. It will give us clarity," Bruce said thoughtfully.
"Will you forgive me someday?" Tony asked fearfully. His voice showed the deep sadness he tried so hard to avoid for so long.
Soon after, Tony sighed
«In five seconds, you will be back,» Bruce said to him.
While they continued touring the surroundings of the house, Tony told him the plans were quite simple. They could go fishing, do some hiking. And as Friday had told him, they could visit a nearby town whose fair was just starting that week.
"Poor Benny," Steve said worriedly, and Tony smiled when he saw the children peeking over the new puppy.
Tony kissed her softly and pulled her to his chest. Pepper hugged him tightly, and he closed his eyes sighing deeply.
. She seemed to think the same and again looked down.
"I'll write Nat we're leaving," Steve told him stroking his shoulder.
"FRIDAY dear, I need you to look for information on souls. I think I heard once something about astral travel. Any kind of mysticism that may exist about the exchange of souls." Tony asked the AI.
Tony lay down again with his legs open and Steve came over to kiss him. They kissed lustfully until Steve stepped back to take some lubricant and start loosening Tony's entrance. Steve saw him close his eyes when he started moving his finger inside him. He felt the twitch of his cock that leaked precum just by seeing Tony arousal. For an instant, he wanted to touch Tony's erection, but he knew if he did he could make him come. So he resisted the temptation and began to introduce another finger to open his entrance further. Tony moaned and began to move to the thrusts of Steve's fingers. When he introduced a third, he touched Tony's prostate making him cry in pleasure.
"Tony," Steve said warning. "Steve, nice to meet you," he said now addressing Sarah and shaking his hand.
Tony nodded without answering, just giving her a slight smile. When they got to their house, Tony stood in the middle of the living room not knowing what to do. He felt Pepper's arms wrap around him and he sighed stroking her arms.
Tony wanted to stay angry. He needed to stay furious, but there it was Steve voice that worked as a soothing balm for his heart.
«OK, I see you at the meeting then,» Sam shook hands with both and continued running.
"Steve Rogers, Captain America,
Tony thought. His eyes met Steve's the moment Shannon put her hand on his shoulder. And Tony did nothing but look down. Well, they had to focus on the task and were within hours of arriving.
«Did you fight? That is this all about?» Rhodey asked him concerned.
"Captain! Captain! Captain!" Tony heard the screams of the girls running into the room. He and Steve froze looking into each other's eyes. Tony couldn't help smiling and hid his head in Steve's neck. He felt Steve's chest move with his silent laugh too. Tony then lifted his head to turn to look at the three girls. They were standing in front of them with a mischievous smile on their faces.
"I'm sorry," Steve said.
"That vote was nothing fair, and you know it," Steve smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly, Tony woke up and looked for him in bed.
Then, Steve tenderly raised Tony's face. "Let's go."
"Yes, thankfully. We didn't want to miss the end of the year with everyone," Steve said to him with a smile.
Steve smiled again, and Tony realized he needed to see him relax. At the moment he crossed the door he saw his body, but also a worried Steve who seemed not to have given a second to rest.
"Why didn't they do it?" Tony turned to look at him. Steve kept sitting on the bed with his hands clasped looking at him.
“However, when your soul sought him, I did my best not to feel the pain in my heart. I ignored it and waited, because I told myself you would come to me and you did it,” Pepper took a deep breath. “But now, you are not here.”
"It's just I'm tired, but you were right to tell me to talk to Rogers, it's better this way," Tony assured him. "Maybe now I can go to the gym too. I have no excuse for not going" also said smiling broadly.
After a while, they stopped to eat and drink the desired beer.
Tony tried to relax, but with Steve's presence there it was becoming impossible.
"How is he?" Natasha asked.
Steve was in the compound again. His heart was still beating very fast. He was in one of the rooms on the top floor. Strange had assured him it was the right place to wait. He honestly didn't know what he had to do or where he could move without being seen. He didn't even know if Friday and the cameras would be filming him, but he was confident Strange knew what he was doing. Suddenly, the door of the room opened and there he was, Tony.
_ _ _ _ _
"Thank you for making me come," Tony said ashamed.
_ _ _ _ _
"Definitely, the man seems to know everything, doesn't he?" Tony said astonished.
"Okay, I deserve it,"  Tony said pointing everyone to continue clapping. Everyone smiled.
"Are they OK?" Tony asked him.
"I know, but this time it was just a nice reflection. I promise you," Steve said with a smile.
“Hey, I'm trying my best here” said Tony taking the peeler and looking at it amazed.
— — — — —
"You didn't. It wasn't easy I must say, but I needed that. It is very complicated to try to get out of a well you didn't know you had fallen." Tony said looking into his eyes trying to make Steve understand he was not upset with him. "But I must thank you. At least it is start, recognize it."
«There is an idea. It keeps bothering me. It's a possibility.
«Great,» Bruce said and cleared his throat. «I think I need something from the...I'll be right back,» he finished saying and went with the others.
lost, because he was not there with
"Stark, we need your help. We need the help of the Avengers," Wong said very seriously.
"Why did you turn off the earpiece?" Steve asked.
"What happened? Are you all alright?" Bruce said asking very worried too.
Tony turned to look at him. "Really, what have you done with my beard? It's all neglected."
"Nebula and Rocket will be here at the end of the month; they contacted." Bruce said trying to talk over Steve and Tony's argument. "I wish Thor would come too. I tried talking to him, but despite having his people safe, he doesn't seem very happy."
"I need you to do something for me, or maybe rather for him," Strange said solemnly with his eyes seeing the people passing by.
"Marry me," Tony told him, his intense gaze pierced his soul.
” With that, Tony hummed again and then pressed firmly on Steve’s perineum, who arched his back again with a very loud moan.
On the street some cheers were heard, and fireworks began to sound.
Tony sat up in bed with Bruce's help. The heaviness of his body was still overwhelming. He closed his eyes for a moment and felt a hand that took his and caressed it. Tony opened his eyes and saw Pepper sitting next to him with all her love reflected in her eyes. He stroked her hand too and saw her smile. On his right side he saw Bruce sitting in a chair beside him while Rhodey stood next to him.
"Tony, calm down," Steve said with a sigh.
He needed to get out of Steve's body as soon as possible. Find a solution and return home with Pepper. There, with everything returning to normal, he would forget about what had happened. He loved Pepper. She is his world, his reason for being. He didn't have to explain himself why Steve had kissed him. He had responded to the kiss because perhaps as it was a chaotic and exciting moment, he got carried away by the adrenaline.
could he feel it in his heart.
In the kitchen, Steve took care of the fish. Once there was only cooking them left, Tony offered to help him. Steve did not understand how he could be so disgust of the entrails of the fishes, having seen
that could convince
"Is that what I think it is?" Bruce said in amazement.
than with the conception of his own death.
Hulk placed his hands on the floor while still breathing hard. The three were around waiting.
"No, I wouldn't consider it yet," Steve said smiling.
name…
Steve smiled, nodding. "Unfortunately we have to go on," Steve told them with great shame.
— — — — —
Pepper nodded, took Tony's hand and squeezed it.
"It's you and me, Steve. I don't think we'll be fine one day," Tony said those words and saw Steve's features sadden.
_ _ _ _ _
"Tony, it's not your fault. I know it's hard to see it now. But I will be by your side every day of the rest of my life to make you see that it's not your fault.” Rhodey told him with a lot of conviction in his voice.
, Pepper's father said. As the taxi arrived at the door of the compound, Tony got off very fast.
"Yes, we could go now and maybe have breakfast," Tony told him.
"I feel whole now," Tony said when they both needed to break the kiss to breathe. "You being here today makes everything easier...I was afraid."
"The others are OK, what happened?" Tony asked looking at the rest of the room. His eyes stopped on Scott, and Steve watched as Tony's mind connected everything in an instant.
«Please, Steve» Tony said with an intense look in his eyes.
And the most important one,
"In Layman's terms, it means you're not coming home," Tony said to Scott.
?," Steve asked raising his eyebrow with a teasing smile.
Steve's words felt like lightnings that were breaking Tony into pieces. He felt naked, bewildered, as if the world could be more cruel than it was already. It could not be true, Tony wanted to think. Then, Bruce's words came to his mind.
"Look at me," Steve told him, stopping his hand and looking at him fiercely.
"Now we are even," Tony said when he got up.
«Why are you here?» Tony said this time with a firmer tone and an expression on his face Steve could not tell if it was suspicion or trepidation.
Steve looked at him and nodded. "I still miss her," he said with a sigh.
Tony greeted FRIDAY who welcomed him to his lab and sat in his chair doing nothing.
His own life had been split in two for a long time. His heart was beating for one and the other with the same intensity for many years. Although many times he wanted to silence those other beats. He even believed he had handed him that part that belonged to him, but it was not enough.
would like that to happen. All I can say is I had an important mission to accomplish, and I finished it. But after that, I found myself in a position where I could do something that would only...I don't know how to say this without sounding selfish, but that would only please me. Then, I chose to come here, even when I was being irresponsible. Even when I knew I was lying to myself when I thought I could control it… God, I am not saying anything really, am I?»
"What about Barton?" Rhodey asked Natasha.
they had seen. However, it was too funny to know that about Tony.
«I don't know what to say» said Tony after a few minutes. He was trying to sound sympathetic, but he really was lost in his mind which was working so fast trying to comprehend what Steve had said.
It felt great to return home after those two weeks. Steve watched as Tony loved being there. From the moment they arrived, he looked more relaxed. Steve proposed a walk near the lake, spring was coming and they could use a good walk. They did and spent more than an hour touring their favorite places. Tony was sighing quietly and smiling again. It was true Tony had a great responsibility under his hands if they could achieve what they were proposing. Despite this, it was important he took a break to try to get his ideas in order.
"Good morning," Steve said heading to the desk. Tony was focused on one of the screens.
"As I told you, it is a start. Last night it occurred to me it would be a good idea to finish one of the projects I had always been passionate about. Here look," Tony replied feeling great satisfaction while pointing one of his designs.
Tony got up, and now was his turn to go and look out of the window.
"I talk to my father sometimes. And you can call me crazy, but sometimes I even hear him laugh at the jokes I tell him," Rhodey said with a warm smile.
«I will inform you, Sir».
Tony sighed and walked over to one of the seats. When he sat down, Rhodey was in front of him.
Tony looked at Steve for the last time and closed his eyes. After a few minutes, he began to hear a murmur coming from Wong. He seemed to be saying some kind of mantra in a language unknown to Tony. However, another minute passed and the effect was very relaxing. The sound of a bell began to accompany Wong's words, and Tony began to feel a deep sleep. He had heard Wong say he must remain conscious, but once again he felt a blast of heat take over his body. Suddenly, Tony felt he was sliding. Like in those slides in the parks when he was a child, although he couldn't see anything. Then, he felt he was in an elevator without light. The darkness surrounded him and while it was descending the walls were shrinking until he was trapped.
"Its OK, close the connection."
"Why did you take my body?" Tony asked with a sigh.
Steve lifted the pillow to crawl under it as well. "Will it make you feel better if I bring you breakfast in bed?"
Steve laughed heartily, "Wow, I don't know if I feel flattered or disappointed."
Tony didn't want to understand him. He didn't want to comprehend him.
"You are here with me. Everything is fine," Chandra said touching his face.
Tony groaned, louder now, and Steve started pressing against every part of his aching erection and made him shiver. Steve was kissing him again but continued with that very special attention to his length. It seemed like the path to his pleasure had been etched in his memory, as if Steve could relive every movement, pressure and twirl that delighted him. Tony's breath became shallower when Steve stopped kissing him to watch him carefully as he increased the speed of his pulls. Tony stared at him panting and breathing through his mouth. Their lustful gazes melted into each other. Then Tony began to feel that overwhelming pulsing sensation that sent shivers and deep waves of pleasure all over his body. A guttural moan was heard from him when he cum that competed against the silence of the lake.
“Could you describe that sadness?” Bruce asked shyly.
Tony looked at him, and he was kissing him with all his might feeling Steve respond to him with the same fervor.
— — — — —
Both stared into each other's eyes and could feel the grief that caused this farewell.
"No, no, she wants to get married, and no, no. I'm a free spirit too," said Vishen scared.
," he sighed in his ear in a rough voice.
He touched his chest and abdomen and felt amazed. It wasn't he didn't considered himself something athletic, but for God's sake this man seemed like a Greek sculpture. Tony laughed again. He couldn't imagine what Steve would have felt when he found himself back in a small body. Another minute passed. The moment of truth, the pants. He jerked them off, and what his eyes saw seemed too good to be true.
Steve smiled and took a deep breath.
was the craziest thing he had ever done, and now he did not know how to stop.
"Oh, so you need to test it more. OK, I could never oppose to research," Tony said with a serious tone but smiling very pleased.
Tony took a deep breath, "Do it."
Tony's eyes fell on Steve's lips for a moment, and he couldn't help biting his own.
"I won't go," said Tony firmly.
Tony kissed him hard for a moment and changed his positions until he knelt in front of Steve. First he licked his bulge with his tongue over the fabric looking at Steve who had trouble breathing. He immediately lowered his boxer and took Steve's beautiful cock, sucked his head, and Steve's moan encouraged him to sink his lips further. He sucked him insatiably, and Tony was pleased to finally have Steve's cock in his mouth. It was a pleasure to hear Steve groan at the enthusiastic movements of his tongue that savored him intensely. Within the minutes, Steve breath was getting heavier and quicker. Tony hummed so the vibrations ran up Steve's cock while tasting with his fingers at the skin just behind his balls. Steve arched his back and groaned a hoarse, “
Tony opened his eyes and saw he was inside his suit. He felt he was breathing hard. Suddenly, he focused his vision and could see Steve at his side very troubled. He tapped his chest and the suit disappeared. He was lying in his bed.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve asked him with worry in his voice. For Tony own surprise, he found himself kneeling with his hands resting on the floor and Pepper's piece of clothing in front of him. He hadn't noticed when he fell down.
Back on the plane, everyone was quite tired. All that remained was to heal the wounds and rest. The mission was accomplished. Although for someone in particular there seemed to be no tiredness, or at least Steve's constant furtive glances at Tony, made him think. When they arrived at the compound, some of them went to the infirmary while Tony and Steve stayed at the entrance.
Steve stared at her, took her face and kissed her gently.
"Morning," he heard Steve say in a sleepy voice.
"When will it stop, Love? When will it stop hurting?," Tony said feeling his tears running down his face.
Kisses! 🥰
«It won't» Steve assured him, and he thought about the irony of those words trying to sound as good news.
The test confirmed he was Steve Rogers, at least
Steve returned to the hangar.
In the bath, Tony opened the shower and went under the water, leaning his hands against the wall. He immediately felt Steve massaging his back to relax him. A year since everyone had disappeared, he thought. The pain eased, but it was still there.
"It would be difficult to lose it, yes, but we would have to start over and built a new house."
Tony thought about going after her. But his heart warned him not to. He told himself he would not make her suffer and had to keep his promise. There were no more explanations, no words that could ease Pepper's pain. He couldn't believe she knew it. She knew him better than he knew himself. He would never stop loving her.
«I can handle it,» Tony said exasperated.
Each word felt like a stab in Steve's heart. What he feared so much was happening. He could understand it. They loved each other. Pepper and Tony were happy, and they had lived loving each other for so long, until that fateful day. But understanding that didn't stop him from feeling his world was breaking apart. However, he promised himself he would be strong. He took strength, and taking a deep breath began to speak.
"Rhodey? Tony asked unanswered. He kept walking and found himself facing a stones wall from where he heard murmurs from the other side. People were trapped on the other side.
"I didn't know. I just arrived a moment ago. Strange told me I should wait here," Steve explained.
Steve came over and handed him the sandwiches along with a glass of something that looked like juice. Tony devoured them in an instant. He could not remember any moment in his life he had felt that fierce hunger. Steve seated next to him just watching him and smiling in silence.
"Thank you, Bruce. I just needed to know," Steve said looking at his cup.
«What did you say?» Tony said approaching the screen to see in more detail.
"This cannot be all for you," Tony said with a frown.
"Hi, Pep," Tony said with a half smile.
Steve's thick, long cock rested peacefully between those muscular legs. Did it have to be aberrant that at that moment his mouth watered at the sight of Steve's cock?
"It is difficult. I must fight it every day too," Steve said taking a deep breath. "I told Vision we did not trade lives. Trying to save his, it seems only I have the heaviness of the consequence of my words. Half of a universe gone, because of my decision. We could have destroyed that stone sooner," Steve said with sadness.
"You said you were tired, super soldier," said Tony trying to catch his breath with his head in Steve's neck.
. Tony felt how Steve tried to take his cock again, but Tony took his hand and put it back on his waist. "Thrust me, Steve, just thrust me hard." Tony wanted to focus only on Steve's pleasure, keep listening to those groans and feel his short breath in his neck. After a few seconds, when hearing Steve's deep gasp, Tony knew Steve's cock had found the perfect nest between his buttocks that would make him come in a few minutes.
"Mephisto tried to take possession of your souls. At first it seemed he almost succeeded, but we arrived on time and were able to stop him. However…” Bruce seemed to be again thinking how to say his next words.
"Apparently this could be the depots," Shannon said. She put a hand on Steve's shoulder to lean on and point the area.
Tony took Steve's face and was kissing him. But then Steve broke apart looking at him with a smirk.
. Tony left the room smiling and went down the stairs to join the party again.
Then he would just wait until he sees
This was not a better plan. He would stay in the park nearby
Tony opened his eyes, and it didn't help at all that Steve was so close. "I apologize too," Tony said with a tremor in his voice that nothing had to do with the fight that day.
"Let's go outside. Let's walk for a while," Somnang said, nodding towards the door.
"You must rest. You have more than 30 hours awake."
"No, I don't want air. Fuck, what the fuck is wrong with me?" Tony put his hands on the kitchen counter to try to calm down. He lowered his head and felt how the breath was shortened.
, Steve said to himself trying to focus. The truth was for being a strategist, war battle planner captain, this was starting to become the worst of his ideas. Because really,
"Happy new year, dear," Chandra replied. "Now it's me who needs a beer. We can't toast empty-handed," she said smiling.
"Is he alright?" Pepper asked and Tony opened his eyes to look at her.
"So the super soldier eats like a baby?" Tony said jokingly. "Really? Every 4 hours? Somewhere I heard that said about babies."
"Pretty normal on the way there. The return with Thor and his stories, funny," Steve smiled, "Bruce told me you finished the formula."
"I need to go home," he told Steve.
Tony was entering his lab with a cup of coffee in his hands. He was wondering about that idea around his head. Without a doubt, he needed to improve those bracelets, he thought. Although they worked out fine at that moment when Loki sent him flying out the tower, there should be a way to have those microchips always with him (even if that implied what he was actually thinking, and what would Pepper will do to him if she ever found out).
_ _ _ _ _
"Nothing, here our friend was surprised because
"What happened?" Tony said with Steve's voice getting up. "Why it did not work?"
"I love it yes, but I have a long time without doing it," he said wistfully.
"It was a pleasure to help you. I am at your service for any other project you want," Sarah said gladly.
The noise of the girls running from one side to the other made them look at the others. Tony realized he and Steve were so lost in their world they had to remember they were locked up under a church waiting for the storm to pass.
Steve went to a bookshelf, and when he opened the door, he smiled shaking his head. He realized the bread bag was on a shelf he couldn't reach. Tony softly laughed and didn't know if he should feel good or not to the scene in front of him. He approached Steve, took the bread bag and handed it to him.
"But what about our house? What if it breaks it?"
Tony approached Steve immediately to touch him. Maybe if he did it again, they could go back to Strange's house. His first intention was to touch his arm, but without thinking his hand went to Steve's face. Tony watched as Steve closed his eyes when he felt his touch, but nothing happened. When Steve opened his eyes, he touched Tony face. Tony closed his eyes, but not because he expected to return, but because he felt overwhelmed at the sensation of Steve's touch. Tony opened his eyes and they both couldn't look away from each other.
"Thanks, Point Break. Please, call me Tony. Very nice to meet you," Tony smiled at Valkyrie and shook her hand.
he said with a sigh and looked at him with all the tenderness he could. Steve needed to make him feel he understood. That this even made him love him more, but he would have the strength for both. "You will be very happy.
«Let me help you,» Steve said to him.
"I know," Steve replied.
Steve was panting, slowly regaining his breath, and Tony ran his hand down his chest. At that instant Steve turned around and was kissing him. Tony felt Steve go for his bulge trying to open his zipper while still kissing him.
"The news announced a storm," Rhodey was at his side.
Tony couldn't help closing his eyes when he felt Steve's breath so close to him. And of course, he didn't want to think why Steve had done it either. He also got up and went to the bar.
Tony saw his own face blushed intensely as if with that question Steve understood the
"Shit," he replied smiling broadly. "I did it," Tony approached him to kiss him effusively.
They were panting without moving. Steve had placed his head in Tony's neck. A few seconds passed, Steve pulled out and Tony was turning around. Both looked at each other closely. Their faces a few inches from the other while their breaths were returning to calm.
Tony was lying in his bed and his mind as usual was working a thousand miles per hour. Another Steve, a time traveler.
"Steve liked her, but I think he lost interest," Natasha said emphasizing like it was very obvious.
Steve was shirtless in front of one of the lockers. Now it doesn't seem like a good idea, Tony thought.
"Wong. He said he would be here early today. Let's hope he brings the solution," Steve said convinced.
"Tell me there is something here to eat. I feel like I could eat a whole cow."
Steve could tell
"No," Steve said without looking at him and went out of the room.
Steve couldn't say anything and just followed her.
Tony smiled, got up and gave him a hand.
"Wait a second,” Tony squeezed his eyes. “Who is Mephisto and why is she/he/it capturing souls? And for God's sake, how can souls be captured?"
"Sometimes I could say that I love you, but it would be too much," Natasha said, taking the bag to open it.
— — — — —
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm coming."
«Pepper is pregnant. She already was five years ago, but for them was so little time. Then you might think is an impossible 5 years pregnancy, but no… She was, and
"Was this what you had in mind that day?" Tony asked mischievously.
«Of course, Sir» replied Friday.
"I love you," Pepper said breathless.
“I didn't want to lose you. I'm so sorry for hurting you. It wasn't my intention and could never be. You gave me a home, your friendship, and I will be eternally grateful. I'm just here worried about my friend,” Steve said with a sigh.
Steve collapsed against Tony who wrapped his arms around him and pulled him closer. After a moment, Steve slipped out of Tony’s body and rolled to the side bringing him close to him. They were hugging each other trying to catch their breaths.
— — — — —
He considered himself an optimistic, persevering, maybe even a stubborn person when trying to achieve what he wanted. But
«Fuck,» Tony said annoyed. He cut himself with the shaver.
"Is he alone?" Steve asked knowing what it meant to climb the stairs and someone else was there.
“What is happening?” Tony repeated Steve words. “Since Pepper came back, something has been growing inside me,” Tony said thinking out loud. “I was with Pepper today, and everything came back to me,” Tony stopped and looked at Steve with concern. “All the love I feel for her has awaken. And the grief is finally over…” He immediately looked down and continued walking. “We talked, we laughed as we used to do. And for a moment I wanted to kiss her, hug her. Make love to her…” Tony said afraid now, looking at Steve, as if saying those words he feared something else.
Kisses! :) :*
"I can see it."
"Shit," said Tony with a sharp breath when he felt Steve's hands on him.
"Yes, as many times as I could," Steve said with sadness.
"I'm..." Tony shook his hand and then tried to speak, but the words seemed to escape his mind.
from a distance? That sounds quite creepy though, so I really need you to elaborate.»
Part of the night he sat there without moving until the tiredness appeared again. Two storms in one day it seemed to be too much. He got up and walked to the guest room. Honestly, he did not know what was going to happen the next day or how everything would continue after what they had talked. Tony stopped for a moment looking towards their room and sighed. The silence chilled his blood. Even if Pepper were crying, he could not comfort her. As if with that he could compensate the damage he had done. He entered the room and went to bed. His eyes remained fixed in a spot at the ceiling. He had to wait for the storm to pass.
A moment later, they broke the kiss for an instant to breathe. They looked into each other's eyes, and none could say a word. They were there, present, for each other. And so their lips tasted the other again. Their tongues once again played the delicious game of hunting pleasure. They moaned, and both sucked the desire to please the other until the reality from which they had escaped returned to their minds.
Steve looked around avoiding seeing
"Fuck," Tony said after a couple of minutes. He had cut one of his fingers.
"I'm not the only one apparently," Tony replied smiling.
"One last secret mission? And I suppose you can't tell me anything and blah blah," said Tony. Now was his time to tease.
_ _ _ _ _
"Tony, son, we thank you for what you have done for the city, for the country,” The governor said approaching. “Well, I must take the opportunity to thank each of you for the constant help. I hope to see you all in the tribute on Friday."
"Tomorrow is the mission. I hope everything goes well. Or at least as it should," Tony said trying to sound optimistic.
Steve looked him in the eye. "I'll go to the cabin. I need to be alone a few days. Please, don't tell Tony," Steve asked him, but he knew he surely would. Likewise, if he made the decision, there would be nothing to stop him.
"Oh right, your super teleport ring.” Tony nodded.
"Where is Cap?" Tony asked.
A pleasant calm invaded his soul as if Steve's voice was a mantra that hypnotized him making him feel alive. The sound of his voice was telling him the world was there again, and everything was at peace. Tony opened his eyes, and Steve was looking at him with so much love.
"And you love her too," Steve said with a kind smile.
"Maybe I am," Steve whispered again and kissed him very slowly. Tony sighed into the kiss and let Steve caressed his lips so gently that the lightness seemed sublime. Tony stroked his back slowly as he let himself be carried by the sacred movements of Steve's lips. The world made sense because the two of them were there, together.
Shortly after, they went down again to the town. Inside the store, Steve took care of buying "
Painting: René Magritte. The Lovers. Paris, 1928.
“You have to trust me more! You couldn't be sure it wouldn't work!” Tony replied raising his hands up in his own gesture of exasperation.
_ _ _ _ _
house. The idea was to be away from the house but stay close enough in the neighborhood. He could recognize the surveillance cameras on the streets, so he would have to try to pass as unnoticed as he could. How he would do that seemed impossible now, but the thought that came into his mind about returning, last hardly a second.
"Are you sure?" Vishen asked again, still worried.
"Yes," said Steve smiling. "I think I hadn't noticed my clothes until now."
— — — — —
Tony turned to see Bruce and Rhodey.
Steve did not know if he could continue speaking. The echo of sadness of his own words made him feel miserable. He was starting to feel so lost, so little. Tony was looking at him with confusion in his eyes. But also there was something else, some kind of realization? He needed to say it.
"What the hell are you thinking when you talk about staying in the past?" Tony said annoyed.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony turned to look at Steve who was talking to Bruce. "I could feel him," Tony said looking at Steve. "We have a connection." Steve turned to see him and his gaze wrapped Tony in a pleasant warmth.
Steve gave him a half smile. "I'm sorry..."
"How can you do this to me?" Tony said smiling with his head in Steve's neck. He could feel Steve's chest move with a silent laughter.
"Shut up, Romanoff," Tony said, rolling his eyes, "I need my cup of coffee, that's what I need."
«Peps,» Tony said with a broken voice. «I missed you.»
voice, could be heard without the suit. He wanted to call him; he wanted to say
"This place is wonderful," Tony told him admiring the landscape.
"Show me your hand?" Steve turned to see him with a very serious look.
"Do you want my mouth?" Tony said as he gave a hard stroke to his cock.
"I can feel he is no longer here," Tony told him realizing he could feel the sensation of Steve's closeness in his body.
"You used to touch yourself thinking of me?" Tony asked with a hoarse voice. It had only been a few minutes, but he could already feel his cock twitch in anticipation.
"I understand," Tony said with a half smile.
"Friday, let's go to my house," Tony said.
"With just that you love him very much, Steve is also your daddy. So you practically have two daddies and a mommy," Tony said to her winking.
_ _ _ _ _
and closed his eyes.
Steve took a deep breath and stared at the sky. Bucky spoke to him with such a wisdom. As someone who has lived enough to know best. But Steve was fighting an internal battle.
"Is everyone okay?" Tony asked looking at the floor.
"I'll wait for you," Steve repeated.
"Do you know this man?" Vishen asked worried at the consternation in Steve's eyes.
by his side. Even when it was inexplicable, he felt complete. Tony took him by the waist to bring him closer and then Steve stopped for a moment to see him in the eyes. Tony felt a chill run through his entire body.
"I was worried Rhodey wanted to be with his girlfriend," Steve told him taking a drink of his beer. He wanted to play hard, but he couldn't help smiling.
«Come on Rock of Ages, are you going to tell me why you are here?»
"Oh," he heard himself say after reading the poem.
«I'm...» Tony stared at him. «I...». It seemed difficult to him to finish the sentence.
"In 15 minutes we will have Thai food, so I propose a toast to our friend's return home," Rhodey said, going to the kitchen for some beers.
Steve was at the bar again asking for another beer when he felt arms wrapped him from behind. He smiled very pleased.
, nothing. It was a stupid moment, a ridiculous kiss that did not mean anything to me. And I really don't care if it meant something to you.» Tony took a deep breath and look at Steve with resignation. «Maybe it is time for you truly learn the lesson, Cap. We lost, EVERYTHING. We lost, and there is no way back.»
"Never," Steve replied in a broken voice without realizing it.
"For God's sake, stop apologizing!" Tony told him a little desperate, then approached him and began to kiss him very hard. That was not the plan, nor the conversation he was planning in his mind, but he needed him so much. He needed to kiss him, touch him, know and feel he was finally back with him. Steve kissed him with the same despair, but when he took him by the waist to bring him closer, he seemed to remember the bruises and tried to break apart. Then Tony took his hair tightly and almost buried his nails in his shoulder to keep him there with him. That made Steve groan loudly. Tony knew both wanted the same thing, but Steve was fighting an internal battle and tried  again to break the kiss. In a desperate attempt Tony bit his lip, then Steve now with his true strength took both of Tony hands and put his arms against his back changing their positions.
"You are drenched," Tony said.
He remembered Pepper's words. In the dream, he was afraid and felt insecure. In reality, he could see himself walking towards the lake,
«What is it, Love?» Steve asked touching Tony's face.
"Tony," Steve was thrilled, his heart beating fast.
"Shit, it's the adjoining area. Rhodey do you hear us?" Tony said but there was no answer.
Soon after, Tony lowered the suitcases and handed them to the driver. He watched as he put them in the trunk and a moment later the car left the cabin. For several seconds, he stared at the space in which the car had left. He finally had made the decision.
Tony heard someone say and opened his eyes. Natasha was in front of him with her hands on her waist looking at him. Suddenly, he realized he had his head on Steve's shoulder. He had fallen asleep. He sat up and saw Steve look at him with a soft smile.
"I don't know how original it is, but it's nice to be inspired by someone else's art," said the young woman to her partner who was reading the poem thoughtfully.
"We'll see," Steve said avoiding talking about it.
"Are you hungry?" Tony asked as he closed the door.
Tony blasted the stones and passed as fast as he could. At the other side, Rhodey and Shannon were trapped with three civilians.
«I know,» Steve told him. He could see in his eyes the struggle. Tony was fighting inside him too. Steve wanted the life they shared to return, but this time
"Ah yes, no, obviously the soldier. Yes, the serum." Steve suddenly felt so nervous and flushed.
_ _ _ _ _
On the way back everything was very quiet, he met a group of hikers who did not seem to recognize him and who greeted him kindly. That place could not be more peaceful, he began to like it too much. When Tony arrived at the cabin, he took another shower and the fatigue gripped him, he had been around for 4 hours. Since he was not very skilled at cooking, he put a frozen meal he bought in the microwave and sat down to watch TV. After eating, the sofa was his best friend and went back to it.
"Stalking your boyfriend?" Natasha asked mockingly when she saw Tony coming to the kitchen. She was with Nebula talking, and the latter smiled when she saw Tony.
"Yes. I touched the reactor to put on my suit, but it didn't work," Tony said, catching his breath a little.
The storm. It was still inside him, and it seemed Steve's captivating serenity had no place in him. He really could understand Steve had made peace with his torment when he had accepted their love. And that was the point, Steve not only recognized it, but he also accepted it. However, he now could feel dragged by the storm to the place he feared. His own torment seemed to merge with his thoughts into one. He loved Pepper too much to hurt her, and he knew that would hurt too much.
"Don't talk me dirty," Tony said joking with her and Sarah laughed. "I'll send you both designs, although for me it would have to be hot," Tony explained from his desk.
How to make her understand that protecting the world was protecting her? It was complicated, if not very difficult to make Pepper understand he would join the team again to go fight a battle. Tony arrived at the compound and it was not dawn yet. Between the argument with Pepper and the thought of what was coming, he could hardly sleep. So he had decided to go to the compound to wait. Besides, he would have to make a special delivery. Tony stared at the shield in his hands and smiled. When he entered, he was surprise to see he was not the only one who seemed to have not slept all night. Natasha and Steve were already in the main room. They seemed to be discussing about the mission.
Steve's eyes were so hungry that Tony's words that tried to provoke him meant nothing in the face of so much passion contained in him. Tony groaned, panting for breath when he felt Steve grab his cock.
" Tony repeated over and over until his cock released the force of his orgasm. A few seconds later, Steve also came with a stifled growl that said his name.
"John, Morgan, please be careful with him," Tony heard Steve say as he approached him.
"I was afraid you would say that," Steve said looking at the floor.
«Tony, I don't think is a good idea. We don't know what we are creating with me staying longer» said Steve with concern.
"With time, it seems a cliche to say it, but with time" Bruce looked at him with a kind smile.
“Steve,” Tony was sure he was begging now.
_ _ _ _ _
"After what happened in Siberia, I had promised myself I would never hurt you again. If I love you, with the force which I feel it, my thoughts spoke me of guilt at the fact I created those bruises." Steve explained it to him very sadly with his head down.
"Cap, I thought you were gone," Bruce said with a soft smile.
"It's okay, Love," Chandra said, approaching and hugging him from behind. "I just wanted to make you feel better. You know I understand."
"We will be there," Rhodey told the governor.
“We don't know why it happened, but Wong and other sorcerers are trying their best to help you.” This time Rhodey spoke. He was unusually silent, Tony thought.
"Perfect." Tony explained the plan to Steve, and they got on with it. In less time than Tony thought possible, he managed to get them all to the church.
_ _ _ _ _
«Finally, you answer a call. I was starting to get worried with those very short messages,» Rhodey said annoyed.
Steve smiled pleased and kissed him until Tony was breathless. "Does that solve the problem?," Steve asked with a mischievous look.
"We'll talk later," Tony said with a smile and saw Rhodey nod and go with Natasha.
Steve couldn't believe what he had just discussed with Scott and even less he was alive after so long. I needed to talk to Tony, he thought. He didn't want to scare him, but he needed him to be there with them.
Steve and Tony stared at each other and both laughed. That was a disaster, but for some inexplicable reason when he was with Steve he felt fine, calm. Like that scenario was not something extraordinarily unusual. And what about that other scenario they seemed to be on purpose avoiding? It felt like an unspoken agreement of focusing in solving returning to their bodies first. With that, they spent hours searching for information and Tony kept telling the AI which findings to research more or create some kind of connection. Steve seemed to follow him for a good while, until at one point, Tony saw him asleep on the sofa next to his desk. He could not help smiling. After eating he felt a tremendous energy, as if those sandwiches had given him fuel for many days. But Steve in his body, it seemed he had finally given up to weariness. He looked completely relaxed, at peace. Better let him rest, tomorrow they would have a long day, Tony thought.
Tony ran his gaze on his entire body until he looked into his eyes, and couldn't help feeling lost at Steve's penetrating gaze. Steve had a way of expressing everything with his eyes, or it was perhaps that Tony knew how to read them, he didn't know. "Good, yesterday I bought some frozen food, I really didn't know how long I would be here," Tony told him trying not to think of just throwing himself over Steve.
Tony got up and was in front of him. "Wait a second. I don't know what is going through that little head of yours, but you DIDN'T hurt me. We're barely, you know. We are still knowing us in this area and this kind of things, you know..." He couldn't finish the sentence when Steve took his hand with the bruises and the simple touch made him hiss. Steve inclined his head looking at him as if proving a point. "Now you caught me off guard, that doesn't count. Let me explain..."
Tony lifted his head and breathed deeply. "Sometimes it's so hard and my mind betrays me. It wants to go to that strange place where my thoughts seem..." he kept thinking. "
Tony was drinking a little of the juice and laughed so hard he even spilled a little. "I'm sorry," he said cleaning up the mess a bit, but still laughing. Steve laughed too. "I have to confess I have a serious addiction to caffeine."
Tony would take a bottle of champagne in his hands, and Steve watched him carefully while leaning on one of the columns. Both were on the porch of the cabin. Tony approached him with the glasses.
"Tony. Even when out there I still am that
"We can go to breakfast now," Steve said softly in his ear.
"OK," Steve smiled. "How about we eat something?," Steve asked the rest and they all went to the tables.
Steve laughed. "You're very mean."
"Thanks Steve, for being so good and understanding with me these days. You were a great support," Pepper turned to Steve.
Steve was in the hospital cafeteria waiting for Vishen for lunch. They would have an hour rest and should return afterwards. This gave him time to think. It had been so long since he had a nightmare. Sometimes he dreamed of Tony, but since Cambodia he didn't have a nightmare like that. He thought he had overcome it, but apparently, he hadn't. Steve was ashamed Chandra could understand and accept him the way she did. She was an amazing woman. They had met in the last year of the nursing career and her brave spirit and compassion, captivated his heart. One day in the monastery he realized he could do more for those in need. He could help each one directly when he helped them heal their bodies. So studying nursing seemed the right option. After meeting Chandra and the friends he now had, Steve was almost completely sure he had made the right choice. Only sometimes the memory of Tony made him lose himself in his thoughts, but he knew he was happy.
_ _ _ _ _
That thought made him lose his mind and Steve kissed him hungrily, and Tony took him by his buttocks so their erections rub against each other more closely. Both groaned at the friction and after a moment Steve spun Tony around holding him tight to press his erection against him. Steve had one hand on his abdomen and the other on his bulge that he squeezed tightly as he breathed into Tony's ear.
"I am," Tony said, closing his eyes at the caress.
“And what about you and the hammers?” Rhodey asked Thor "It's getting bigger every time; trying to make up for something?" he joked.
"Entertained in the lab?" Steve asked Tony smiling.
“I need to go,” Tony said worried without moving, staring at Steve.
«At least, I know it won't happen until a few years. Your gray hairs tell me». There was a smile that did not reach Tony eyes.
Steve laughed softly. "We can't, Love," he said.
. Until he finally ran away from the disaster, he had created.
"Sam's family lives here,” Steve replied with a sigh. “I often visit them to see they're well. I had no idea this storm would come."
"The family. I need us to get there, find them and go back to the shelter," Tony said quickly.
"Let's go inside, I'll do the tour," Tony said pleased. Absurd to be upset with friends like that.
"Another important point is to continue helping to stabilize the situation of many people who have returned," Rhodey explained.
"I just want...," Steve started talking.
"And why are we talking about this?" Tony said trying to maintain disinterest.
The instant Rhodey got up, Tony felt another pang that made him protest in pain. He took his forehead in his hands and fell to the ground on his knees. He closed his eyes tightly and heard his name from Rhodey's voice, but far away.
"You are, even right now under the fear, you are. You are with me, inside me," Steve replied very calmly. "I can't expect you to change your world for me. But it is enough you love me as much as I love you. And I can feel that."
"With you I needed to talk," Tony said pointing to Carol.
"Come here. I help you," Steve smiled at him taking the sponge to bathe him, and Tony couldn't help laughing softly.
After looking at his shaved face, he told himself with that he was himself again. Tony went to the shower and as always the water relaxed his body and his thoughts. He dressed, went down to the kitchen and saw Pepper inspired making him his favorite dish. It was to worship her. A feeling of guilt peeked every time he was with her and remembered he had been thinking only of Steve when he was alone.
The thing of having a super soldier as a lover, is how tired you can feel in the morning after an endless night of passion. Tony woke up that morning feeling the heat of Steve's body behind him, and how sore he still was in many parts of his body.
. Those words hurt more than an insult, but he couldn't do anything else. Besides, he knew her very well too and recognized Pepper knew when to choose her battles.
«Everything will be fine,» Natasha assured him.
Tony stared at him. "Do you want to know what rated had the scenes in my mind?"
«Yes, I finished here,» the nurse told her.
"Yes, Sir, but I'm afraid that compromise Mr. Rogers privacy."
"You could stay, if you want," Tony said as he drank his coffee without looking Steve in the eye.
Natasha's words finally put a stop to the discussion. They sat reluctantly, and she connected the rest of the team.
Next day they woke up early to return to the compound. Nevertheless, it was very difficult for them to try to leave the house. They decided to take a bath together, and that took longer than it should. They decided to dress together, and
"Come on Steve, stay with me," Chandra said, taking Steve by the chin to look at him.
Steve laughed and Tony kissed him again. He loved the sound of his laughter, Tony thought.
"Please," Steve whispered and kissed him again.
"Calm down, it's easier than it seems," Tony assured him.
. Rhodey's phone on the table in front of them rang, and Tony watched it, breathing hard. He got up despite Rhodey and Pepper's protests and answered without seeing who was.
Tony smiled and nodded. Both went to the lake and placed the bags on the shore. Steve saw that there was no one around, undressed completely and went into the water immediately. Tony stared at him for a moment remembering his dream,
«In a few days we would go with Cho,» Steve caressed his face and kissed him softly.
," Tony said placing his hand on his face. "I love you." Tony came over to kiss him and Steve took him by the waist to put him on his lap. Now they could finally be together, Tony thought as he kissed him intensely. At that moment the compound's alarm rang.
At that moment Pepper entered with the bowls. "Do you have a headache? You want me to bring you a pill?"
"How are you?" Bucky asked him.
"Are you okay?" Rhodey had followed him to the kitchen.
They looked at each other for a moment as if both thought the same. Then Tony returned to the counter and Steve took some containers from the fridge. While Tony watched Steve prepare the sandwiches, he couldn't stop thinking about the ways Steve moved his body. It was different. Steve could be using his body, but he made movements Tony could recognize were only of Steve. Both remained silent until Steve finished the sandwiches.
"Are you meditating every night?" Somnang asked.
Tony was flying lost in thought. This time it was FRIDAY who was taking him back home.
"No, you don't," Steve said in a hot whisper.
Tony closed his eyes again.
"When I've been a risky madman, Cap? Tony said jokingly.
— — — — —
Tony lay beside her, and Pepper kissed him savoring herself. Pepper put his hand in his pants and Tony groaned loudly breaking the kiss. She immediately moved to lower his pants completely. Now she sat between his legs and took his cock in her hands to slowly put it into her mouth. Tony closed his eyes panting. Pepper knew how to please him, how to move her tongue around his head while sucking him hard. Without warning, Pepper stopped and looked at him as she slowly put his cock into her. Tony took her by the waist and gave her a thrust that made her moan. Pepper approached him and they started kissing while their hips moved to please them.
"No, no. I just take his coffee to the lab," Steve said smiling.
And Tony told himself he simply would ignore his heartbeats. Yep, his heart could desperately beat. He would just ignore it.
"Good morning boys," Natasha said to Bruce and Tony who were talking in the kitchen discussing their advance in the Extremis formula.
"You with your puppy eyes and your warm voice are not going to convince me," Tony said staring at him.
Applause and cheers were heard throughout the room. The team accompanied Tony on an evening to celebrate the start-up of the recycling project. Looking for a better world, the government was interested in proposing to implement his recycling plants designs in all industrial companies in the country. If they had to start over, rebuild a new world, what better way to start doing things the right way from the beginning. And Tony could not feel happier, it was a long purpose but he finally achieved it. Among his ideals, it had always been that any process could be done in the most efficient and possible way. Since the clean energy project on his tower, the world had not stopped and neither had he. However, in this new world there was hope, and this time he could accomplish another dream.
«I'm here, Love,» Steve got closer. «You need to rest.»
"Mr. Rogers," he said with a warm smile. "Let me explain something to you," he looked towards the stream.
"And I," Steve replied as he placed his forehead with Tony's.
, Tony thought, but he felt an inevitable melancholy hearing his voice. Now, it would be his turn to return home and explain to Pepper he was going to embark on a new mission to save the world. Tony got up and headed for the door when he heard his name.
