Dean clears his throat, shifting awkwardly on his feet, and flips the pancakes before they burn.
It’s a tremendous confidence boost to know that Dean’s so eager for this. Castiel may not have the experience that Dean does, but he likes to think he’s doing okay in that department, and he’s only improving with more practice.
That makes Sam roll his eyes, which is much more comfortable territory for Dean. He escapes down the hall, riding the elevator to the main floor, where the smell of syrup and coffee is thick. It's still early, so there's only a few people milling around the counters laden with breakfast fare, and he sees Jack and Cas at their table immediately. Jack has a plate entirely filled with one fat, golden-brown waffle in front of him, stacked high with cream and fruit. On another day, Dean might have joined him, but right now, the thought turns his stomach. Castiel's back is turned to him. He wonders if he can slip by, grab an armful of food, and disappear again before either of them notice.
"Oop. Cas… Cas, man, you gotta call 'er. She's… She was super into you, dude."
Mary is quiet. Sam is gentle when he asks how she knew Wally, what he was like in life, but she just sniffs and shakes her head. Her fingernails still have ash underneath, though he knows she washed them the first chance she got. There's still a rusty streak of Castiel's blood in her hair. None of them are surprised when she excuses herself early, presumably to shower and then lie awake, unable to sleep anyway. After so much time on Earth, this, at least, Castiel understands.
"Well, it's such a pleasure to meet you, Jack," she says, extending her hand to be shaken. Jack follows through admirably, just like they'd coached him to. "Introduce me to your family?"
Based on the progress I'm making in the fic, I've set the number of chapters at 7. Might grow down the line depending on how it shakes out, but I think that's where it's gonna land! Thanks to everyone for reading and commenting. <3
, I'm upset. Those fuckers wouldn't know right from wrong if it kicked them in the ass. It
"Okay, I hear you, it's just a suggestion. If he can't use his heavenly mojo to zap you back to normal, we'll just have to do it the old-fashioned way."
. Between you and Sam I've had enough feelings talk to last me a year. I'm done. I'm also hungry as shit. I'm gonna see if the ham in the fridge is still any good. You come along if you want, Lassie, but I'm not talking about anything more serious than the virtues of yellow mustard versus dijon." Dean storms out before she can give him an answer.
Dean nods along and keeps watching the movie, but the gears in his head are whirring loudly.
Dean narrows his eyes at her. She narrows hers right back. Knowing Charlie, she might mean that literally. He decides he's okay with it.
"All right, so… My name is Jack Fisher, and you are my parents… Gary and Carrie," Jack says. They spent the car ride over fabricating a backstory for the newest prospective enrollee of St. Rose Christian Academy.
"There, whatcha think?"
Sam goes first, offering his hand to Rowena, who accepts it with a grin. She holds the point of the sword aloft, bringing it down towards his finger delicately, blood welling on the tip. Then she holds his hand over the bowl, squeezing down, milking it until the blood drips daintily into the well she's made. When Sam walks away, finger in his mouth, Jack steps up, holding his hand straight out as though Rowena might want to shake it. She takes a drop from him as well; into the bowl it goes.
If you'd like to say hi or shout at me on tumblr, I have a new one just for SPN shitposting at
Mina brings out two glasses of water, and when she sits next to him on the couch, she tucks her feet up under herself. They talk for a little bit, and thanks to Dean's earlier admission, she seems more willing to let him go without saying much about himself, maybe afraid to pry too deep. She lives with a roommate (out of town for the weekend, she says), she's applying to grad schools, and she's got framed posters of something that looks like anime on her walls. When Dean points one out, Mina covers her face, hunched over in shame.
He feels a hard lump rising in his throat. His arms feel cold and stiff, like rusted out metal. He tries to unclench his fists. He feels like if he does there won't be anything left holding the structure of his body together. His fist lashes out, knocking the bedside lamp to the ground. The wires are tangled up with the alarm clock, and it goes flying across the carpet, landing on its back, the numbers reversed. He stomps away from the wreckage and takes another dose of NyQuil like a shot. When Sam comes to wake him later in the morning, he pretends not to remember what happened.
Kevin is flipping his shit.
"I sentenced an angel to death and stood by while my brother murdered an innocent child."
"This is a very beautiful photo," he says. Dean huffs, taking the phone out of his hand before he can get carried away.
"I've wanted a drink since I woke up," Dean grumbles. Gwen smiles toothily.
could see them. Icy cold panic lights up his nerves, killing all the giddy excitement of the minutes before. Someone
"All I see when I look at myself in this form is the hypocrisy, that I could call myself Jack's father, knowing the unforgivable things I might have done to him if everything had gone differently. If I had obeyed my orders, if I weren't
Dean swallows a pang of sympathy. He remembers his dad being gone, trying to do his drills like his dad taught him, trying to find something that would make his dad look at him for just a moment in a way that said he did a good job. For a second, Dean feels a flash of anger at Cas for leaving Jack behind with hardly any warning, but then he guiltily remembers that every single time, it's been Dean's fault. Hard to blame Cas for that.
"You can take that however you want. I just think… I mean, I've known Bobby a long time. Maybe not as long as you, but I've heard how he talks about you and your brother when you're not around. And I know if
Sam's hand has slid over his mouth. He looks pale. "I'm sorry."
Eventually, he asks, "Mind if I use your bathroom?"
"That's not useless shit," Dean grumbles. "Anyway,
"Can I try some of yours?"
Dean peeks over Cas's shoulder at her flowing scrawl. "Six eggs? What is he, a custard pie?"
"Of course I'll stay with you," Cas says. "I'm here, Dean. I have you."
"Aren't you?" Sam turns to look at him, finally. Dean squirms away from it.
"Fuck you guys," Dean mutters darkly and storms out of the room.
"You told me to come back."
Cas blossoms under Dean's attention, but he can't stay here letting Dean smile at him forever. He has a mission to accomplish. "Where did that family go?"
for the rest of the night, held himself in check just like Castiel asked. And how could Castiel not amply reward him for that? Press him down, slide inside him until he came shuddering against the pillow, spilling over Castiel’s fingers – and even after that, put his hands to work kneading out Dean’s tense muscles until he was a puddle of bliss under Cas’s touch, asleep in an instant once Castiel sidled up behind him and wrapped him tight in his arms, his heart bursting with affection and some burgeoning new feelings he hadn’t yet managed to name.
. That’s not a word Dean often reaches for, but that’s the only way to describe it. Dean would’ve bet an obscene amount of money that shit just didn’t look this good in real life, that this kind of scene could only be a product of artistic license or Photoshop. He’s still not entirely convinced that this is real, even as he’s standing there gawking, so he slips his phone out of his pocket to snap a picture, just to prove that he’s not imagining it.
into it. Dean doesn’t mind, not really, but honestly, it’s hard for him to keep up with that kind of poetic sincerity.
satisfied. It doesn’t hurt that Dean seems to think so too. Castiel might occasionally question such ‘best I ever had’ claims from Dean, but he has enough evidence by now to know that he takes… rather good care of Dean. He’s not too humble to admit to having a bit of innate skill in that area, but the key factor he’s had is practice, the cherished privilege to learn Dean that way, understand his wants and needs and push his limits in a way no one else has.
“It was a dream,” Dean says quickly, face on fire. “But… some of it. I dunno.”
Dean’s defiance melted into petulance, practically pouting over the mere suggestion. “
He makes his exit before either of them has a chance to reply. Cas and Dean stand there for a moment in silence, exchanging amused glances until Cas finally steps in close, eyes half-lidded but teasing as he asks, “Wanna get out of here?” just like how Dean always says it.
“But you need more than that, and I want to give it to you, use my fingers instead,” Cas continues, clearly enjoying himself. “When I curl them just right you’ll moan for me—you’ll leak all over yourself.”
sign on the door?”
It was meant as a tease – a joke, ostensibly – but the pink tips of Dean’s ears were more than enough for Castiel to know how deeply Dean was affected by this turn of events.
*   *   *
Castiel lets his palm rest solidly against Dean’s jaw, thumb tracing his delicate cheekbone. “I’ve wanted to do that for a very long time,” he says carefully. There are a thousand ways he could answer that question, ways that neither of them have the time or composure for. It’s a simple response, but hopefully enough to convey all the things he’s not saying, and he looks at Dean with unwavering intent, so he understands that Castiel
“In his private office? Doesn’t he want it to be, I dunno,
Dean can never really think straight when those hands are on him. Even something innocent or romantic is enough to get him tongue-tied – Cas’s palm supportive and warm on the small of his back, cradling his face, settling on his shoulder in a gesture of comfort. Cas’s fingers intertwined with his, when they’re grinning and sated in Dean’s bed, or crammed into a diner booth, their hands discreetly concealed under the table top.
This, though, is exactly the kind of attention he’d been angling for, everything he’d hoped he’d get if he only managed to be patient.
That’s definitely the case now. Dean’s cock is a hot and insistent throb between his legs and he stifles a whine when Cas moves just the tiniest bit again, enough for Dean to feel that he’s not the only one getting turned on here. He can feel Cas’s dick through thin fabric of their sweatpants, gratified that the thought of him does that to Cas.
Dean makes a desperate noise and cranes forward for another kiss, hands fisted in Cas’s shirt. “Need you, Cas,” he pants, absolutely aching for Cas, wanting him
Dean chuckles lazily. “That bad huh?”
Because that’s a promise that, no matter the circumstances, won’t ever,
to get caught like this, wants Cas to stride over and wrench his hands away, leave him a new ring of bruises, wrap his fingers around Dean’s cock and take over, not let Dean come until he’s fucking
in his presence.
“That’s good news,” Castiel replies, glad to see Dean looking even more at ease with that knowledge.
Cas urges him to move his arms from their locked position – Dean had hardly even noticed that they were still stubbornly stretched above him – and ushers him out of bed, touch never straying from Dean’s body at they make their way to the bathroom, hands steady on Dean’s back.
Charlie catches his smile, matches it with one of her own. “Maybe you should let him loose next time, crack a few skulls. I mean, metaphorically.” she hastens to add. “Probably, anyway. Might make you feel better,” she says with a knowing look.
He knows it’s different for Dean. Dean’s not confused by his desires, but for all his experience, his painstakingly crafted façade of coolness or brazen enthusiasm, he is sometimes ashamed of them. He understands that part of himself perfectly well, but it’s clear that, far too often, he wishes that he didn’t.
Dean trails off without elaborating, but Castiel gets the message. He leans down and kisses the top of Dean’s head, tightening his arms around Dean just to feel Dean hold him more tightly in return. “Good night, Dean,” he murmurs. “Sleep well.”
,” like he’s some kind of swooning damsel.
. “Thanks, Cas,” Dean says, helping himself to a cup.
It’s intriguing to know that whatever Dean’s thinking about is enough to pull his attention from a movie series he’s clearly so invested in, no matter how many times he’s seen it.
he was so fucking close.
“What a shame,” Cas teases, and his hopelessly
; one afternoon, Cas corners him in the bunker’s kitchen with a bowl of sliced peaches from the farmer’s market. He coaxes Dean towards the table and pulls out a chair, and Dean readily falls to his knees so he can eat the fruit from Cas’s hand. Inevitably, Cas ends up teasing Dean with his cock between bites and Dean could almost cry with relief when Cas finally slides into his mouth, but just kneeling at Cas’s feet and letting Cas dote on him is exceedingly gratifying on its own which is—huh. Okay then.
For the first mile, all Dean can think about is how close they are, how the backs of their hands brush together with every step. What it might be like if Dean bridged the gap completely and tangled their fingers together.
“It’s not unfair at all,” Cas argues, a smile forming on his face. “It would work just as well on me.”
Cas laughs, the sound of it making Dean’s heart flutter. “You’re welcome to Google it.”
wants too. Luckily, he suspects they’re of one mind about this. “Could we…” he attempts, trailing his fingers up Dean’s inner thighs. He’ll be more than content if the answer is no, doesn’t want to pressure Dean if he’s wrong about this, reading too much into the way Dean’s readily let Castiel take control. But he feels he owes Dean honesty about his interests, and the idea of it is already burning him up inside.
Dean has lovely hands too. Strong but gentle, proportional in size and shape compared to the rest of him— and Dean happens to be nicely sized and shaped, in Castiel’s opinion. But now that Dean’s made him aware of it, he’s begun to realize that his own hands are just a bit bigger than Dean’s, that the tips of his fingers edge out Dean’s when they press their palms together, enough of a difference in width to be noticeable.
“Uh. Okay,” he says dumbly, trying and failing to pretend he’s not picturing it. Cas doesn’t really
“More?”
It doesn’t take long. He’s well-acquainted enough with Dean’s needs and his own, their compatibility and shared desire, to time it almost perfectly like this. Dean feels it acutely when Cas comes, filling Dean up with a low rumbling groan that reverberates through Dean’s chest, has him shuddering in gratification too, toes curling. There’s always a renewed sense of fulfillment in these moments, knowing Cas has found completion in his body, that he trusts Dean with his pleasure and vulnerability as much as Dean trusts Cas with his.
Cas tilts his head as he stares down at Dean, a mix of amusement and curiosity on his face. “You really
He dares to place his hand over Dean’s, gently traces his wrist with his thumb. “I can get rid of it,” he says in a breathless rush, practically pleads with Dean to let Castiel heal him, hates this tension between them. He
with this sort of thing, but, well, Dean’s been a little…
Charlie tries to keep up with her stern demeanor, but a fond laugh slips out. “Y’know, maybe we should just call it a night and head out of our own volition.”
Or maybe Dean understands Castiel’s interest perfectly well, even reciprocates it, but is too stubborn, too
Castiel obliges, relaxing his restraint now that it seems that Dean wants him to. He’s still mindful of hurting Dean, but he’s starting to realize that although Dean’s precious to him, is certainly more fragile than Castiel, that doesn’t mean he has to treat Dean like glass. Dean can handle more –
,” he says with a slightly hysterical laugh. “I mean, were you—should— should I start calling caterers, or something?”
“Yeah,” Dean says with a half-hearted laugh that falls completely flat. The subsequent silence is yet another chance to chicken out; it’d be so easy to be dissuaded, table this discussion indefinitely and let Cas act on all the filthy things that Dean can clearly see running through his mind.
Castiel just wants Dean to be comfortable, but all things being equal, he’d rather be able to look at his face, watch him and worship him properly. “Can you stay like this?”
The waitress – Nancy, according to her nametag – gives them a wink and a genuine smile in response, and saunters away without another word. When she brings them the bill, she throws in two slices of pie, on the house.
,” Dean replies. That’s just as corny as Cas’s line, but he can’t find it in him to be apologetic about that.
“You’ve helped already,” Dean reassures her instinctively, regretting it when that sharpness comes back to her eyes.
It wouldn't be the first time Dean's been bait. He's pulled it before, the old car trouble trick to draw the monsters in for what looks like easy prey. Hell, he'd been pulling that one for years, 'cause what's an easier target for a hungry freak of nature than a shrimpy twelve-year-old trying to find his dad? They never expect the dad to be waiting around the corner with a machete.
Sex with Dean has been wonderful from the start. Even when there were uncomfortable moments, undignified sounds and bodily functions, even when something happened that made either Dean or Castiel retreat with wounded pride, only to return later with heightened understanding, it was wonderful because it was Dean. Cas had convinced himself this would never be possible, and now he is alive and every day he is allowed to see and learn and touch and smell and taste and fuck and
Hey your voicemail is full jsyk
Clean and dressed in different clothes, he puts on a pot of coffee. It's nearly dawn anyway. When Bobby tromps his way down the creaking stairs and comes into the kitchen, he gives Dean a measured look.
The bed dips by his foot. A cool hand reaches out to skate over his shoulder. Dean looks up to see Castiel sitting next to him, head cocked, regarding him quietly.
"And vacated in the fifties," Sam says, dabbing grease away from his lip with his thumb.
There's also a weird thought nagging at him quietly, telling him it wanted a little more time.
"Ma'am," Dean says, with his most charming smile.
"Bitch," Dean mutters.
"Okay," Jody says again, more firmly. "You been drinking, Dean?"
"Front seat, dear," she says softly. "You're not in trouble."
At least he's in the kind of motel where if he screams, no one comes running.
He lies still, cold and sticky and sore. The sensation of floating, bubbling with pleasure, has subsided. He's crashed back down to Earth, and he just feels heavy and hollowed out. If he washes off, maybe he'll feel better, but right now, he thinks if he moves, he's going to start freaking out, and he can't risk it.
No I keep meaning to but I keep finding more rooms in this place and getting distracted it's fucking crazy dude
it will work, as long as you other little Winchesters cooperate."
with it, if you like H&R Block chic. I'm just saying, if I was reborn as a hot chick I'd want to show off a little."
red. Not Blood Red, or even Apple Red— it's more like Sexy Devil Halloween Costume Red. When he's all done, looking at himself in the mirror, he thinks he's just one smear of glitter short of looking like a stripper. In Dean's opinion, there is absolutely nothing wrong with looking like a stripper. He loves strippers. He's met some very loveable strippers. But it's not exactly the mood he's hoping to strike when visiting Bobby. He smears the lipstick off on a scrap of toilet paper. It leaves a little residue behind, but not too much. That's actually a lot better. Yeah, he likes that.
He lies awake in his bedroom, holding his palms downward at his sides, flat against the bed. He's hard against his stomach. He swallows, his throat dry and sticking. His eyes adjust to the darkness moment by moment.
"Fine," he says, shoulders sinking. He does want to be drunk, or at least drunker than this, and if this is how he accomplishes that, so be it.
Jack smiles and returns to their table. Dean tries to hoof it before his eyes follow Jack all the way, but Cas sees him before he rounds the corner, her face square and still. Dean's heart feels lodged in his throat. The car ride is going to suck.
He fucks Mina on his tongue, nosing her clit and she quakes above him, trembling as she comes.
"Stupid," Sam says. "And Rowena, you'll be safe with us. I promise you, nobody wants to keep Lucifer locked up more than we do." Sam sounds so earnest it hurts, and even Rowena's resistance seems to have softed. "You can get your strength back. It's not a terrible idea. Right Cas?"
At the hospital
"Babylon didn't exist five billion years ago."
"I mean, knowing our luck, it probably is," Dean grumbles, "but Christ, Sammy, we have to find out. It's
"I got tits! I woke up this morning, and it was like, bam, titty committee is in town!"
After a few minutes, the message is marked as read. Dean waits for a response until his eyelids droop. He's still waiting when he drifts into sleep.
He goes through a lot of misses before he finds something that sort of fits, and through all of that he's frustrated to find that knowledge of how to near-effortlessly remove someone's bra (under the shirt, behind the back, one handed? no problem) is not much help at all when it comes to putting them on yourself. He's watched Lisa do it a hundred times, but she makes it look really easy, he guesses because she's had most of her life to practice. She did this crazy maneuver where she hooked it in the front and twisted it around back and just…
"The intent was something... low-impact," Castiel says. "Non-violent."
"All right, so then it wasn't that Cas was… that didn't have anything to do with it?"
"Okay. Okay, I have like—there's enough material in there for an entire Gender Studies course, and I don't have time to—to unpack all of that, but. Wow."
Cas looks at Dean. He must really want to go on the ferris wheel, if he's lying like this about it. That was one of the first things he taught Cas, after all. Cas says, "Let's go."
"I coulda died," she says, talking around her finger before she releases her cheek. "It was infected as hell, but you know hunters, we don't really 'do' doctors… or dentists. Like, I was born in the back of a van and my mom cut the cord herself with a silver knife, you know? That's just how it is."
"Cas, get over here," Dean mutters, then Cas is on him again, pushing back the covers and tangling his legs with Dean's. This body he's in is long and skinny, and Dean's hand feels big spanning over his ribs. None of that changes how strong Cas is, and he's a little shocked when Cas easily shoves him back against the bed, holding his chin with one stern hand so he can lick his way back into Dean's mouth. It's a little filthy and completely perfect, and Dean's unbelievably hard against Castiel's thigh. Dean bites down on Cas's lip and is rewarded for it when Cas hisses and bucks down into him, perfect dragging friction.
It's not hard at all to hack into the computer system to find out which locker is Haleigh's. Sam goes in all prepared to flex whatever skills he's got, but the password to the Principal's account is stuck to her monitor with a post-it note. They creep through the empty halls, guided by flashlights, until they come upon it, and they might have known which one was hers anyway just by looking— someone has very helpfully scrawled some rather rude words across the door. Jack frowns at the sight of it, and at first Dean thinks he's upset on behalf of his new little school buddy, but then the padlock snaps open without so much as being touched.
Dean thinks. Castiel's head moves like he's listening for a distant sound, like Dean's thoughts are just a whisper Castiel can pluck from the wind. Déjà vu hits him like a kick to the gut, takes him back to the moment, ten years ago, when an angel first looked into his eyes and casually unraveled him with the words,
Cas realizes how utterly mistaken he had been. There's nothing wasteful about the look on Dean's face, the perfect cradle of his mouth when he takes Cas inside him. It has been good before, but never like this.
," he starts to tell Haleigh, who frowns up at him with enormous brown eyes. He coughs, clears his throat. "I'm Dean, this is my brother, Sam, and this over here," he says, "is Cas. We're not here to hurt you."
did."
Cas just gazes out the window, watching Missouri scrolling by. Dean trains his eyes back on the road, knuckles white against the steering wheel.
That was one of the reasons that Dean kept his damn mouth shut after the fifth or sixth time. Lee planted a wet, bristling kiss under his ear and helped him jerk the both of them off behind the building. He'd staggered back to the motel well into the early hours of the morning to find his dad asleep, but when he'd come out of the shower to climb into bed, he heard Dad's voice on the other side of the room, saying, "Don't want to see you coming home like that ever again, boy. You hear me?"
"Oh boy, okay. We're doing this," Charlie says, and turns to face him, settling her hands on her curled-up feet expectantly. That makes him feel put on the spot, but he barrels forward anyway.
"Yes, Dean, I remember," he says. "Watch your step, the curb's there."
"Do you… have feelings for Cas?"
"Yeah." Dean strokes himself more steadily.
Cas rushes forward, standing in front of Dean like a shield. Dean grabs Cas's shoulder, wrenching her aside, but Rowena doesn't move an inch from where she's sitting, enveloped by the chair.
Haleigh looks frantically between the three of them, and then at Sam and Dean in particular.
"Dean," Cas says, and wraps his long fingers around Dean's wrist. His breath catches. Cas's skin is cool against his forearm. Cas looks down at him, devastated. "Stop."
it with guys and cars?"
"I thought he might be with you, but I guess he went downstairs already."
"Did you sleep well?"
A month ago, Castiel shucking out of a white chemise.
Castiel's hand on his shoulder grows warmer the longer it rests there. In the dim yellow light, he's
Tag list has been updated, including the addition of a minor Sam/Rowena tag, cause we're edging into that territory now. I can't help it.
Cas turns his eyes back up, wide and sad and blue as anything. Dean makes a decision.
—that Cas was. What is Cas when he's not wearing a little dude suit, anyway? Whatever he is, he'd probably burn Dean's eyes out or make his head pop clean off. Maybe angels don't even get hot over humans at all… except Anna definitely did. They'd had a pretty memorable night before Dean did what he always does and ruined her life.
"IRL," Charlie says, muffled by his shirt. "Not on the internet."
"No offense," she says, "but you guys have, like, the
"No, that's not—" Cas says, and Dean looks up, startled. "You don't understand. Of course you don't, because I didn't… I didn't explain myself. I'm sorry."
But I really didn't. I guess I was kind of a nerdy, dorky little kid, but you know, kids are just kind of like that until someone tells them they're not supposed to be."
"Oh… shit, the name's right on the tip of my tongue, it was—the dog's name was Rosie, I remember that," Sam says.
"Oh." Sam doesn't look comforted by this fact.
"I don't get what's funny about this."
It hurts to look at him. Once, Castiel had thought this ache to be the discomfort of occupying a vessel, of feeling all of its beautifully strange, complex structures trying to contain the enormity of his being, or possibly of being on Earth, where everything was immutable and solid, governed by rules he was unaccustomed to. But now the vessel is simply his own human body, and having been human for a time, he knows the feeling never goes away. It merely lies sleeping until Dean Winchester wakes it.
Dean makes another frustrated sound. He's hidden his face in Cas's neck. Cas can feel Dean's heartbeat where he's pressed against him. He wants to hold it in his hands, and settles for resting his hand between Dean's shoulder blades. "I want—" Dean cuts himself off, and paints over the broken sentence by pressing his mouth to Cas's pulse. His hand nudges Cas's zipper down to cup him through his boxers. He's not quite hard, the touch tentative and exploratory. Dean's voice, when he finds it again, is a rasp. Nearly a whisper. "Want you to mess me up, Cas."
"Yes," Castiel says. "He had fallen into the pit— a pit," she amends, and Dean's hand tightens on hers, steadying her. "I… pulled him out."
"Don't think you can bribe me with a stale muffin," Dean says. He hopes Sam doesn't expect Jack to stay in this room with Rowena alone. He doesn't trust her not to figure out Jack's a little more juiced up than a regular kid and try to take advantage of that, or worse, find out he's
"Dean... am I your only gay friend?"
It takes Dean a second to get what she means. "Oh. No, it wasn't like—you don't have anything to worry about from Sam."
bit of blood. If she'd drained herself dry, it might have been a real dark magic power boost, but on its own, it wouldn't do much.
thing.
and then he imagines someone else saying that to him, and it drives him even further. Oh god, he's so on display. If someone else were there, they could smack his ass, and it would be so loud in that little motel room. They could call him whatever they wanted. They could mouth at the back of his neck and bite down on his shoulder. They could fuck him raw and come all over his back and make an even bigger mess out of him, and he'd
where the kid can hear."
"Okay, well, in
Even when he was with Lisa, his whole life was packed away into one borrowed drawer and one bedside table. Anything worth keeping always had to be able to fit in the car. He's been living on a week's worth of clothes since he was four. Now he's got more space to fill than he knows what to do with. He's got room to grow.
"Are you happy?"
He's not masturbating. Not really. He's just… getting acquainted. He keeps his eyes closed and just goes by feel. On the surface, it's not too different from any other pussy he's gotten his fingers in, but there's a vast difference between touching someone else's junk and touching
He pushes Mina's hand away as carefully as he can. "I'm good," he mutters. "Don't worry about it." He scoots down on the bed so he can face her, kissing the expression of concern off her face instead of explaining himself. "I had a good time. Did you have a good time?"
"Okay, Jessica Biel."
"Am I approachable?"
"Castiel has a strong image of himself, but the physical projection needs to be
"Dean turns back into a pumpkin 'bout three weeks from now," Bobby says. Dean sips his coffee, watching Sam's face guardedly.
my roommate. At the—the place I was living. Uh, this kinda. Group home?"
The Hell dreams still get him, sometimes, even when he's had enough to drink to shut his brain up, but it's never been quite like this before. He's never dreamt of that moment. He knows it didn't really happen like that, that Benny had never set foot in Hell. He's been in Purgatory since before Dean was born. But some other soul
kicked them in the ass,
at wrestling at first.
"I don't need you to fix me," Dean says.
Dean blinks. "You too?"
"Yeah, well, he did that anyway," Sam says. Dean's teeth clench, and he breathes out hard through his nose.
Rowena's smile falls. "Would you like to find out, lad?"
Sam comes into the room, and Dean tries to look busy while avoiding his eyes. Lucky for him, Sam doesn't seem to want to force a touchy-feely conversation with him about
Cas frowns, but he stands, shrugging out of his coat and draping it over the back of his chair. He sits again, then looks at Dean expectantly.
"I gotta make some calls, then," Bobby says, tossing his notepad to the desk and knocking a jar of pens askew. "Cause I've got no goddamn clue."
"Nah, it's no problem," Dean says, and sets the bottle on the ground, gesturing for Cas to stand in front of him, facing away. She goes obediently, tilting her head back to allow him better access.
He's done this before. Not just the part where someone sits on his face. He can't help but remember her: Rhonda, hallowed be her name, and her pink panties. He doesn't know why he didn't think about her sooner. He'd liked it then, too, he thinks, his head swimming. Not even just when he'd been hard and straining through the satin, though he'd definitely liked that, but the aftermath. He fits the clothes better now, he thinks, and they're his. He can wear them as much as he wants. He doesn't need someone else's permission.
Veritas, draped in finery and with a little blood still glistening on her pretty mouth, lowers herself to Dean's level, taking his chin in her fingers and turning him this way and that. He's starting to get why a cat skull summoned this bitch.
"Whatever, Abercrombie," Sam says without looking up from his book.
"Don't, just— don't, okay? Yes, Benny."
to end up with nice tits. Do women get competitive about that like dudes do about their dicks? He knows Lisa looked at other women's features with envy sometimes, and he understands that, though as far as Dean knows, most guys don't look at other guys and think shit like,
"Just because someone is assigned male doesn't mean they identify as a man," Sam says, sounding one thousand percent like he's quoting something.
are you—"
Dean can see Bobby looking at him funny while they eat, even as he's paying his compliments, intuiting where Dean's new Martha Stewart act came from and, probably, pitying him. Dean ignores it, detailing the ways he might improve the roast next time around a mouthful of potato. Maybe adding red wine to the pot. Bobby's still staring. Dean swallows.
The visit ended early, because Dad's buddy told Dean he was holding the pistol wrong, limp-wristed, like a faggot, and Dad punched his lights out. Dean had been scared, because Dad was spitting mad, cursing at his friend and grabbing Dean's hand in a vice grip when he stalked away to gather their things and go. Sam cried in the car, because he wanted to keep playing with the dog, and Dean shrank himself up in the backseat, staring at the back of Dad's head while he sped away to find them somewhere else to stay.
"Jesus, okay!" Sam pulls his phone out, mashing buttons with his thumb, his forehead creased in concentration. "There. Your secret is safe."
"Who's Bobby?" Charlie asks quietly when Dean takes his spot across from her on the couch.
"You took a pretty big hit back there, man," Sam says.
Charlie's jaw is hanging just the slightest bit open. Which, y'know, is fair.
When Dean walks into the library, he is alarmed to find Jack and Rowena seated across from one another at the table in some kind of magic standoff. Jack's eyes glow gold, Rowena's violet, two pencils hovering before them, wobbling precariously in the air. Both of them are frowning in concentration while Sam and Cas look on.
"Don't be sorry," Dean says, "just don't do it anymore." His head thunks against the concrete wall. His hand does slide into Castiel's, then, warm and dry and work-roughened. Cas had spent a particular amount of time on rebuilding Dean's hands, of following the unique whorl of his fingerprints. Dean had complained to him once that he hadn't given him calluses, that he'd had to regain them all the hard way, splitting his knuckles open on the lid of his own coffin. For this, too, Cas wishes he could apologize.
"Yeah," Dean says, shoving his hands in his pockets and studying the scuffs in the floor. "Yeah, go on ahead."
So. That's how it is now.
That makes Dean's stomach do a little flip, because
tasted like that, even when I was human."
"Well, we were hoping you might be able to tell us something about this?" Dean's hand is over the gun in his pocket when Sam holds up the spell book for the clerk to see.
"Like an actual pig's tail coming out his ass, yeah. Did some digging, tracked her to her apartment, she was in the middle of working a spell. She laid some kinda whammy on me, but Sam came up behind and
"I'd think Pyramid Collection is more Rowena's style than Victoria's Secret," Dean says, putting on a smile for Sam's benefit. As he and Jack head towards the garage, Dean calls up, "Hey, you mind picking me up something while you're out?"
"What the
"Aw, what the—" Dean, with a determined set to his jaw, tosses the next ball twice as hard. It knocks the top bottle off, but none of the others. The third ball smacks a bottle on the base hard enough to nudge it an inch, but the pyramid stays standing.
Dean tosses his hands indignantly. "You're telling me if you were a woman you wouldn't want to look hot?"
"Gold star for the A student. You know what to do then?"
When he reaches into the cavity, Benny's lips are slick with blood. Benny's mouth always tasted like copper. He finds what he's looking for, clutches it in his fist. Benny's bright eyes have gone hazy. Dean knows what it feels like, has been on the other end of it often enough to know that at a certain point, the capacity to process the pain fails, all sensations blurring into a great blankness. He's felt that way for longer than he can remember now.
"No," Dean says reflexively, then freezes. "I mean, it's just… it's not like… It's porn shit. I don't know how to explain it."
Cas looks at him like Dean just promised him the world rather than just a drawer in Dean's dresser. Jesus, Dean's gonna have a heart attack. He doesn't know what to do with something this good. It's been a long time.
"'Assigned male'?"
And when Sam walks in, startled to see the three of them calmly eating lunch together, and Dean tells him he's welcome to join, but he can make his own damn sandwich, he has the good sense not to say another word on it.
and stuff like that. And you guys are always
"Just offering, you don't gotta. I mean, if you don't want—"
, but…
When he goes on a hunt with Sam, he expects they'll see some kind of action. A little adrenaline, a little hot-blooded firefight. Maybe he ends the day with a few bruises and a split lip, or worse, but he also sleeps like a damn baby. He woke up this morning expecting a chase. Now he's like a dog in a kennel, all pent up with nowhere to run.
Dean's throat seals itself around the words. His face heats. "I…"
Lot happened but we'll go over it when we get back. Heading out now
"He's leaving in an hour."
"Maybe I should show you first. Have you ever, you know, gotten yourself off?"
, braiding Kim Cox's hair while her friend Esther Park coached him ranks pretty low. What happened after that ranks a little higher.
. Dean has a pair of black track pants, and that's gonna have to do. He fills Dean's borrowed henley out in a way that makes Dean's throat dry. He's half tempted to force the robe on Cas again, because to his eyes, he looks indecent.
He wants it all. Maybe that makes him greedy.
He ends the call. He doesn't give himself enough time to think about what the fuck that was before he dials up Sam. He's hoping Sam'll let something slip, like that he's a demon wearing a Sam suit, or that the cage fucked his head up so bad he might as well be, but he just gets his voicemail.
"Like, Jesus Christ," Gwen says, continuing on as if he hadn't spoken, "I don't know what his wife was like, but she had to have known her way around a gun to stay alive long enough to pop out a kid, right? Like she couldn't have just stayed home all day making egg salad and mini-hunters."
Dean slides one sunny side up egg onto a slice of buttered toast, a perfectly round yellow yolk in a cloud of white.
and did it again. Every once in a while, Dean's work would be up to snuff in John's eyes, and that would earn him a tight nod, and a
"Are you grossed out? You gotta talk to me, man."
Cas doesn't fit in Dean's pants, which is— it's very distracting, is what it is, because Dean has to watch him struggle to tug them on over his thighs, and he's really never gonna leave his room again if he doesn't turn his head
The question that's been eating at Dean for ages now rears back up, burning at the back of his throat. He opens his mouth, closes it again. He doesn't know how to ask something this big. There's so much more to it than just the words:
"This is how it has to be done. Dean, please," Cas says, eyes large. The
It's that thought that makes him break. He can't go another year like this, pretending Sam's fine, pretending he's okay.
"That's not necessary," Castiel says.
"I do," Cas says, like it's a revelation. His smile lights up his face. "I can't wait."
"Morning, guys," Dean says, deciding not to be a creeper and inviting himself into the conversation proper. Sam's face is a dead giveaway that it's not a conversation Dean is really welcome in.
"You were
Things stay quiet for a while after that. Now that Rowena's sleeping through less of the day, she and Sam start putting their heads together to figure out ways to access alternate dimensions. Dean helps them with that a little when he's got the brain for it, and when he's been at it for hours and can't stand it anymore, he gets up and makes coffee or lunch for the three of them.
Dean can’t remember the last time he was this desperate for it, already panting and aching. Cas’s hand dips again, but then he seems to hesitate. Dean wraps his own shaking hand around Cas’s and urges it down, almost sobbing in relief when Cas finally touches him.
“Anything,” Cas says easily, like they’ve got forever to figure that out. Dean realizes with a jolt of elation that that’s kinda true.
right in front of him. “But I like doing this,” he says after a beat. “I find it… therapeutic.”
“Um—” he attempts, effectively breaking the tension even though his heart’s still thumping in his chest. “Mind if I grab the bathroom first?”
For the moment, Castiel can at least start by giving him coffee. Dean seemed to appreciate that yesterday, and completing even that small gesture felt so good. A heady thought that he can do it today too, can do it again, every morning, from now on.
After the first movie they take a break for popcorn, made on the stove, and by the time the second one ends, it’s already well into the evening.
in return. Dean breaks the kiss only to gasp, “Yeah, Cas, c’mon,” wanting to encourage him, to make it abundantly clear that oh, yes, this is what he wants tonight. Dean hums into it eagerly when Cas kisses him again, redoubling his efforts, holding him tighter, one hand sliding down to Dean’s ass and squeezing firmly, proprietary. The thrust of Cas’s tongue is more demanding now, and he breaks away to kiss along Dean’s chin, teeth grazing his jawline, sucking marks into his throat.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at that. “Don’t you?” he asks, somewhere between teasing and a genuine inquiry.
It drops again when they head outside and Dean notices through the office window that Comb-Over has apparently caught the early shift too.
in return – Cas is less concerned about being overheard, it seems, or less able to control himself – and Dean has to stifle his whimper in the crook of Cas’s neck.
“Good morning,” Cas murmurs warmly, and that’s so
All the reasons Dean had on the tip of his tongue for
*   *   *
get out of hand.
“I’m going to take a shower,” Cas says, pulling Dean from his current daydream only to send him into another.
Dean feels an unpleasant heat rush to his cheeks that he doesn’t dare acknowledge. “No, yeah, that’d be…” he says vaguely, pushing past the sinking feeling in his gut. Right, it was a little ridiculous to make that leap, to think that Cas would want to
But Cas always keeps it civil, almost as if he’s taking extra pains to be gentler with Dean than usual. And it’s good, of course – Dean could never call any kind of sex with Cas even remotely disappointing – but it’s not exactly what he’s after.
Dean could honestly do this forever, especially after all the awkwardness and time apart. There’s always an undercurrent of passion and desperation when they kiss, a sense that they’re making up for so many wasted years. And Dean hates to interrupt, but if they’re really doing this, then…
He still thinks about that more often than he’d like to. If he’d had any kind of chance of making this happen, it would’ve been then, and he fucked it up by pretending that it didn’t mean anything. Then again, Cas didn’t seem to have a problem with that, which is… yeah, okay, fine. Message received.
After a few days of successful evasion, Dean’s finally managed to convince himself that that dream was nothing but a fluke, that he can totally continue on with business as usual, because all that’s behind him.
Cas doesn’t need words to answer that question, and Dean feels well-rewarded indeed, thrilled with his long sought-after prize. He hides his grin against Cas’s neck once he works Dean open and pushes inside, clothes shifted and discarded just enough to allow for that. His smile soon slips away, face slack with pleasure from Cas’s ministrations, idly noting that the windows are cracked; anyone who listened for it—the woman that just propositioned Dean, for example—could probably hear Dean’s hitched moans and broken pleas, and Dean realizes that was no accident on Cas’s part, the smug son of a bitch. Cas’s hands and mouth are insistent and
Dean leans back a little, frames Cas’s face in his hands, looks deep into his eyes. He brushes the hair off Cas’s forehead, kisses his temple, his cheek, soft and delicate because Cas might be this force of nature who’ll manhandle him in bed and punch homophobes in their stupid smug faces, but he’s still precious to Dean, capable of so much tenderness and deserving of it too.
“He certainly did,” Cas agrees, anger returning to his voice, the dark rasp of it sending Dean’s heart pounding all over again, and for much more enjoyable reasons this time. “I don’t regret it. But I should try to have better control of myself.” Dean can feel Cas’s gaze on him. “And I shouldn’t have acted on your behalf. You can handle yourself without me.”
Sam's eyes dart between the two of them, his shoulders relaxing. Then he's the one smiling, and Dean has to duck his head, clearing his throat.
"Looking for another case?"
The wind caresses his bare legs. The back of Dean's neck prickles as he remembers how he's dressed, what he must look like.
"No, Dean, I don't look 'weird.' What's going on?"
"That funnel cake is sittin' like a brick," he says, a hand over his stomach. He buys himself a bottle of water and downs half of it in one go. Some of it escapes his mouth, trickling over his chin and down his neck, darkening the collar of his shirt, which clings to his back with sweat. It's August, and the sun is baking the grass brown. It really is important for Dean to stay hydrated. Cas decides to make sure of that.
"It's hard to tell, just from this," she replies. "I haven't heard anything over angel radio."
"He made a
. He hopes it doesn't give Jack a warped view of the world to see a bunch of rich people with no jobs except to bitch at each other about brunch invitations all day.
The Scrambler sees Dean and Cas seated side-by-side in a metal car, a bar latched across their laps to keep them from sliding or falling out while the car tilts and spins up and down and around through the air. Music blares crunchily through the speakers in the center of the ride, the sound of delighted screams rising and falling over the din. Dean joins in, hollering and laughing, white-knuckled hands gripping the lap bar.
Dean shrugs. "Yeah. Or just copulation, if you're not the settling type."
"What
"I'll fight you if you try it," Charlie says, nudging his arm. He catches a pale imitation of a smile on her mouth, barely a twitch. "They cremated her. They gave me a box that weighs less than a bag of groceries, and that's my entire mom. And I don't know what to do with her. I guess I'm supposed to—to bury her next to my dad? I don't even know if they set aside a plot next to his for her or not. But you get it, right?" Charlie looks up at him then, big hazel eyes rimmed with red. "You know."
He's just about to very nonchalantly slip a hand back into his boxers when his phone rings.
"But it's Cas's phone."
are a myth."
"Aren't you…" he finally says. Gwen laughs once, sharply. Her smile is bitter.
"Wrassle?"
Dean's got this memory that floats back around from time to time. He was young, maybe eight, holding Sam's hand as he toddled along beside him. It was day one of some hunt their dad was on, and he was checking them into the motel for what would end up being a week-long stay. Dean couldn't remember where it was anymore. Maybe Nevada, because it's all neon signs and dusty parking lots in his mind. There was a woman loitering in the stairwell, putting out a cigarette with her heel. She had yellow-blonde hair that was brown at the roots and makeup that shadowed her eyes so darkly that she looked to Dean like one of those doe-eyed porcelain figurines you'd find in a kitsch shop. But what really stood out was the dress. It was red and glossy, like a fresh coat of paint on a Corvette. It was a dress that demanded you look, so Dean did.
An easier question might be what
She breaks out into a full body shiver.
There's something forcing people in this town to tell the truth. Dean doesn't know what he did to trigger it, but people are just spewing their life stories at him like he's Jenny goddamn Jones. The bartender's on oxy, some lady is jealous of his tits, and when he dials up Bobby, Bobby tells him he loves mani-pedis, Tori Spelling, and Dean more than Sam, shortly before telling him he's a shit hunter in comparison. He is officially cursed, twice over. He says so.
Dean keeps going over it in his head. If he's setting a bad example now, the example he set for Sam growing up was a million times worse. But somehow, that kid turned out all right. How was it that Sam could have clashed with their dad as much as he did, been as sensitive and bookish and gentle as he was when they were being trained to fight a war that would never end, while Dean was the one Dad was always disappointed in? He tried so hard to be what it seemed like John Winchester wanted him to be, and what had that ever gotten him?
. Your fashion sense could still use a lot of help, but I have to say, whoever did your work is an
"How many people have seen this?" Cas asks.
Now that he's done it a couple of times, the makeup goes on much more quickly. Apparently it takes practice to keep a steady hand. He leaves his dress in the bag, he's not ready to look at it yet, but his nails are still glossy black, and he figures hey, the choker can come to the party too. Why not. He thinks it makes his neck look slimmer.
He bites the bullet and orders some overpriced sliders, because he's a woman right now, but that doesn't mean he has to start exclusively eating rabbit food. The sliders come with sweet potato fries and coleslaw made out of something called "jicama." He's relieved to find the sweet potato fries really aren't as good as regular ass potato fries, but while he's pretty sure the aioli they come with is just Hellmann's with parsley sprinkled in, it's pretty killer.
"I'm pretty easy," Dean says, but he lets his hand slip down his stomach and grips his cock through his boxer briefs. There's a wet patch, and he lets his thumb roll over it, breathing out a sigh.
He is permitted to see Dean made vulnerable, stripped down in every sense of the word, not by celestial powers wishing them to dance to their tune, but because he's chosen to trust Castiel.
"Hello, boys," says Rowena, her painted mouth curling into a smile. She gives Sam a long once-over before her eyes drift across to the rest of them, and when she lands on Cas, her smile curves even wider, her eyebrows rising into her hairline.
And the whole time he'd been doing that, Cas had been trying to stay away, because he didn't want to be saved. Because he didn't think he deserved it. It's like some kind of cosmic joke at Dean's expense.
"Nah, there's nothing
Extra special thanks to Z, who did absolutely gorgeous fanart of Cas rolling up the sleeves of Dean's flannel like, an hour after I posted, what the
He eyes the makeup fanned out on the bed. He hadn't looked too closely at most of it. He picks up a tube of lipstick and peeks at the bottom. The sticker claims it's called "Red Revolution", which Dean thinks is surprisingly Communism-positive for a makeup manufacturer. He skims his fingers over the other mysterious tubes and grabs an eyeliner pencil and mascara. He's not sure he's advanced enough to do anything with foundation or blush or eyeshadow.
He grips Dean's hair with his fingers, a sharp tug. Dean's head goes with him, and his eyes flutter, but fall back open, heavy-lidded. In his other hand, Cas grips his cock and holds it to Dean's welcoming lower lip. He smears it there, sticky with arousal, and Dean laps it up as he goes until Cas begins to feed him his cock, bit by bit. He comes to rest on Dean's tongue. Dean accepts it like holy communion.
"Dean." Dean can't look at Cas straight on, not while he's looking at Dean like he's the saddest thing on the planet. Maybe he is. "I should go."
"We should, uh… We should probably have more of a," Dean murmurs, swallowing a sound when their bodies move again. "A conversation. Right?"
After the fiftieth time Cas blows a gust of air into her hairline, sending strands flying around her face, Dean swears under his breath and says, "Cas, you're killing me."
does it for him.
Dean puts his headphones back on, but he realizes after five minutes of staring at the backs of his hands, trying to breathe normally, that he forgot to press play again. He stays in his room for the rest of the night, and only comes out after midnight, when he's relatively sure Sam will be asleep.
"I didn't say you were," Charlie says, hands up in surrender.
"How did this turn into a fight?" Castiel asks. She looks more sad than angry.
"Like…"
Dean leans down, catching Cas's lips. It's nothing like the first time they kissed. He takes his time, lingering, cataloguing the way Cas molds against him, the way his rough chin scratches at Dean's, the way his voice resonates in his chest when Dean draws a pleased sound from him.
Dean is a little weirded out to see that Rowena's enfeebled act really might not be an act. It takes a while to stir her after he and Sam eat, Dean choking down the little box of cereal dry and chasing it with black coffee. He tosses the rest of the food into the cooler and saves it for the road. Sam ends up asking the concierge for a wheelchair, and he carts Rowena downstairs to the car, where she sits in the back between him and Cas, dozing intermittently against Sam's shoulder for the first hour.
Dean snorts. "What's the magic word?"
"Since I grew tits," Dean lies, and lugs his duffel out of the backseat.
"I guess now I know what my daughter would've looked like if she were a bulldyke," he says.
"Yeah, I know."
Bobby asks him dozens of questions: Did the witch use powdered mugwort? What about myrtle leaf? Did she lay hands on him, or was it merely verbal? Were there blackened crystals left behind by the ritual? A smell? A residue? Bobby plucks a strand of Dean's hair and pours some concoction on it that fills the room briefly with smoke. He takes a drop of his blood and smears it on a sheet of rock that shows no outward reaction. It's like a check-up with the most crotchety practitioner of holistic medicine ever. If Bobby asks him if his chakras are out of alignment, Dean's gonna walk right back out the door.
His heart nearly launches itself out through his throat when the door swings open and Sam walks in, greasy paper bags in hand. Dean coughs, wiping his hand over his face like that'll wipe the red from his cheeks, and turns his back to the doorway, planting his hand on his hip in faux-nonchalance.
But the rest of it—trying to carry the solid weight of Benny's body into the backseat of his car on his own. Laying a blanket down for the blood. Having to make a second trip for his head. Driving for days, back up to Maine, trying not to think of the shape in the backseat as a corpse. Sam coming back with Bobby in tow, but no one else. Picking a spot he'd be able to find again to dig a grave, just in case. Every time he tries to explain it, it comes out so broken and weak, he thinks he must sound like a whiny little brat. Just some soft little idiot who still wants someone to hold his hand every time he gets a boo-boo. He's gotta get over it. If he's gonna keep it together long enough to get this done, he's gonna have to get over it.
"You've got choices," Charlie says, "when people decide something about you, you know, you can… pretend they're wrong, try to prove them wrong, or... you can just give up and let them think whatever they want. Like, I eventually figured out they were right. Because there was this girl—Gabriela—and, she was uh, my roommate.
Is that how you address your Queen??
He swallows hard, trying to keep his breathing steady. He's going through some shit right now. Sam coming back and dashing the last faint shred of hope he'd been clinging to of being a normal guy with a normal life. It's not a huge shock that he might feel like being someone else for a little while. Being Dean Winchester comes with so much baggage. It was a relief to think he might be able to drop some of it for a little while.
"You told me you were going to kill him, Dean," Sam hisses.
"Maybe now you're a girl, he'll lay off me a little," Gwen says as another pitcher comes to replace their first, and Dean glances nervously at the waiter, who thankfully doesn't seem to give a shit about either of them or their bizarre conversation. "Put on a sundress and a wig, and you can be his little angel for a while and I'll go back to doing my damn job."
The shop they're looking for, The Ivory Key, is tucked into a crumbling brick building in a quiet neighborhood. The place is choked with tchotchkes and smells powerfully of incense, beaded ribbons and talismans dangling low from the ceiling so that Sam has to duck to avoid getting a faceful. A bell rings when they open the door, and a hunched white woman in her fifties emerges from behind a curtain, squinting at them through thick-lensed eyeglasses that would look at home in an old episode of
It's fitted around the bust, and flares out underneath, giving him the illusion of rounder hips. It's short on him, reaching just above his knees. He'll need to finally shave, or wax, or something. Or maybe get some black pantyhose. He doesn't like his arms, the way his shoulders and his biceps stand out, but he thinks it would look good with his leather jacket over it, and that would make it work better with the one pair of boots he's got. The dress makes his breasts look bigger, somehow, front and center and demanding attention. His tattoo peeks out from the plunging neckline.
"This okay?" he mouths. She looks between Dean and Cas, a hand on her chin when the child throws their arms around the shark, shrieking with glee.
"Please," Cas breathes. "Please, just—" Her gaze is fixed somewhere low, unable to meet his eyes. "You keep touching me," she says. Her voice is practically a whisper. "If you don't stop, I won't be able to stop
Dean puts a knee up onto Cas's chair, bracketing his legs on the side. Cas stills. "Um. So what would you do?" Dean waits for him to answer, but he doesn't. He just looks up at Dean, a skyscraper's worth of cosmic power sitting obediently in a battered motel room chair. "Show me."
"C'mon, give it to me," Dean slurs. He's dripping all down his chin, but if he notices, he doesn't care. "Wanna see you. Yeah, c'mon, Cas." He slurps Cas back down, working his head and his fingers together.
“Alright, horndogs,” Charlie chirps, playfully smacking Cas in the shoulder to get their attention as she passes by. “Let’s get a move on.”
Cas smiles at him again. “You should join me some time,” he offers, giving Dean’s arm a brief, friendly touch as he walks away, skirting around him and sauntering down the hall.
It’s been a long time since Dean’s been able to indulge in kissing for the sake of it, knowing it’s not necessarily going anywhere. The amazing thing is, it doesn’t
Dean only manages to play coy for another few seconds before letting his fingers curl in the waistband of Castiel’s underwear, leaving another kiss just above it as his eyes flick up towards Castiel, brow raised in question. Castiel confirms his assent with an indulgent hum and a faint smile, relaxing against the pillow as Dean swiftly eases the garment down.
. Dean doesn’t miss the note of apology in Cas’s tone, can see that he knows Dean’s anxious to get back, is looking forward to it himself too.
Dean lives for that look Cas gets in his eyes sometimes, that ferocity that comes from a raw, honest place and leads to Dean being utterly destroyed afterward rather than just pleasantly turned on. He’s dismayed to realize he’s been seeing it less and less, nowadays.
Dean’s heart is still pounding as Cas takes his dick in a loose grip, thumbing at the head, trailing his fingers along the length of it almost absentmindedly, not enough to get Dean off but enough to have him writhing again shamefully quick.
his kindness right now. “No, it’s fine, we got it, you just—” He tries not to trip over his feet backing out of the room. “You just watch your show.”
Dean’s
The tension was palpable when they started out, Cas sliding one finger in, both of them well-aware of where the evening was headed. That seems like it was hours ago at this point, and Dean knows Cas is trying to go slow, to fuck Dean even more thoroughly than usual, but Dean can see that it’s starting to wear on him.
“I wasn’t too…?”
Dean’s cheeks are pink, and he looks terribly pleased with himself, maybe even more satisfied than he did after his own orgasm – or perhaps just fully satisfied at last. Castiel thinks about that a lot, that it’s not just the act itself that Dean loves, but also giving Castiel pleasure with such dedication. Castiel appreciates the attention, that Dean is so invested in making him feel good, because the sentiment is very much mutual.
Jones sighs, lets them stew a bit before deigning to reply. Dean recognizes it for the subtle yet obnoxious power-play it is, the way Jones is enjoying making them wait, commanding a larger portion of the conversation time even though he’s not really contributing much of anything. “Found her car a few miles out. Near the reservoir.”
Dean’s loud misgivings weren’t entirely for dramatic effect; it doesn’t take long for the hike to start wearing on him. But he does manage to keep his complaining to a minimum. Sort of. Cas, for his part, either ignores him or offers a sarcastic comment. Dean might be bothered by that if it didn’t speak to Cas’s level of comfort and familiarity with him. When he thinks of it that way, every exasperated look Cas sends in his direction gives him a little thrill.
Dean knows that Cas has been doing things the hard way lately instead of relying on his grace, but judging by how unfazed he is by the climb, Dean can’t help but suspect he’s cheating just slightly. Or maybe he isn’t, maybe he’s just got more endurance than Dean does. He doesn’t know whether to be annoyed or turned on by how easy Cas is making this look.
“Okay,” Castiel mutters reassuringly, shifting into a better position and watching Dean’s face for a moment. “I suppose I don’t have to ask you if you’re ready?”
Dean wants to stroke himself faster, fighting to keep the pace Cas set, but he needs
“Don’t patronize me, asshole,” Dean replies with faux-grumpiness, the sound of his laughter infinitely appealing to Cas’s ears. “Can’t believe I married you,” he grouses, hauling himself up to straddle Castiel’s waist.
“Still kinda weird to me,” he mumbles. It’s not that he isn’t relieved; he’s definitely glad that this isn’t his worst-case, nightmare scenario, but it’s still not the kind of place he’s used to.
As soon as he sets the tumbler on the bar top, Charlie glances over. “Hey,” she says, cluing back in now that the bartender is off filling up pitchers of beer. “I told you I was treating. Let me get you something.”
He stares in awe, knees quaking. The radiant form in front of him is too bright to see properly, too impossibly
“Then…” Castiel trailed off suggestively, eyeing Dean’s wandering hand again, a novel sense of satisfaction setting in when Dean drew it away from his lap, curled it into a fist against his thigh as if to restrain himself.
Against his better judgment, he reaches into his pocket and digs out his phone.
But if he does some digging to see if any of his contacts have a vacant beach house available, well… that’s an entirely different story.
Cas could really get into that. But there’s something about the way Dean bends to the command in Cas’s voice, to the power and control in his touch – that’s what Dean wants to explore, that’s the part that feels like everything he’s ever wanted, everything they’ve been steadily, almost unconsciously building towards.
Dean lets out a surprised laugh. God, this little shit. “No promises,” he teases.
Although he might be swooning, just a little.
Cas looks at him carefully. “What do you like about this?” he asks bluntly, not accusatory or judgmental, just curious, conversational. His tone’s light, the more serious mood put behind them for now.
Dean frowns. “I mean couldn’t you just, you know—” he makes a vague gesture. “Put your mojo to work while you’ve got it. Poof, instant beach bod.”
. When the tides start to turn, Dean only has a few moments to be smug before he starts getting suspicious.
Although if Charlie thought a weaker drink would cool them off a little, she may have miscalculated. They’re long past needing hard liquor to fuel this fire, and if anything, the beer might just be further enabling them; Dean’s finding Cas’s long, thick fingers on the neck of his bottle incredibly distracting, and Cas seems equally interested whenever Dean raises his own bottle to his lips and takes a slow pull.
Castiel suspected there was some truth to that.
It seems that neither of them knows how close they should sit, what’s welcome or appropriate or worth risking. Maybe they’re uncertain of what the other wants, though they could probably make a reasonable guess based on recent experience. Dean seems to slowly gravitate closer as the movie rolls on, gets further and further into Castiel’s space until, before Castiel can even process it, Dean’s mouth is on his. They spend a few long minutes kissing before Dean makes a noise and pulls away claiming
Dean uses all his willpower not to go red in the cheeks and hell, even Cas looks flustered, the reason they ‘took a while’ no doubt startlingly fresh in his mind too. They usually allow for more cool down time, don’t go rushing off to chat with Sam
He’s seated at the table with his coffee, looking over some things on the laptop, when Dean finally emerges from the bedroom, still bleary-eyed and sleep rumpled. Castiel feels a slight uptick in his pulse, beating even more rapidly when they lock eyes and Dean gives him a lopsided grin.
Dean swallows, wants to make this right, to avoid going through this ever again if they can help it. “Look, I could… I could stand to be a little more open about that stuff. Like, you know, I’ve
Maybe that’s just one more fucked up think about him, but Dean misses it. Misses Cas’s watchful gaze, his possessive touch, those uncontrollable urges just barely suppressed until he could get Dean alone and channel his
Something in Cas’s expression intensifies, a slight tilt to his head, gaze calculating as he directs it at Dean before sweeping it along their surroundings. He’s obviously taken Dean’s comment as a challenge, and Dean has to admit it’s damn intriguing to realize that Cas wants to
even if those instincts were completely unrelated to hunting.
, that Cas is calling the shots here and he couldn’t be more thrilled about that. “Can I? Please.”
Charlie elbows him. “Dude, did you forget where we are right now? No one’s gonna care what color your drink is,” she says with a laugh, because of course she’s completely seen through him. “They’re really good,” she sing-songs, swirling her straw around and sampling some more to illustrate her point. “Don’t be an idiot.”
Charlie’s grin softens, the tone of her voice more sincere. “You know, hooking up or meeting people isn’t the only reason those places exist,” she explains, a placating hand on Dean’s arm as she looks him dead in the eye. “Sometimes you just wanna have a drink with that
In his peripheral vision, Dean can see Cas rise from his seat and walk over, standing on the opposite side of the kitchen island.
“I love you,” Castiel breathes, completely lost in Dean’s gaze, blindsided all over again by how much he cares for him. “You’re everything to me,” he adds, finding the words that escaped him the other day.
Castiel watches him, a simple joy he has indulged in often in his time on Earth. The pleasing lines of his profile against the black sky, the wrinkles that gather by the corners of his eyes and the angle of his jaw. Castiel is allowed to touch him, now, in ways that he hadn't dared before. It was always Dean who had drawn up those invisible lines, and who was therefore the only one who had been allowed to cross them. Everything had been at Dean's pace, at Dean's say so. Even now, knowing the ways Dean says he loves him, knowing the many shapes his desire takes, Cas is uncertain how much he is allowed. Even just to watch is sometimes a line crossed, so he takes the opportunity greedily.
"I'm surprised you knew it was him— uh, her?" Sam turns pink, floundering a little as Cas and Jack part from a tight embrace. Maybe the first Jack's ever had, Dean thinks guiltily.
Dean freezes in the doorway. "What? No. I mean yes. Shut up." He dips out, heading for the kitchen.
When Dean pauses long enough to really look at what his life is right now, to think about the things he used to think weren't meant for people like him, he's forced to admit that maybe those things just didn't look the way he thought they did. That didn't mean he didn't have them.
The last package arrives at the post office on a Thursday. It's a sword, short and thin and straight. Assembled, all the components look to Dean like the beginnings of a really weird cake-cutting ceremony.
Something about this hunt has Dean distracted. Cas can't pinpoint what it is yet. He likes to think that he can read Dean fairly well by now, though they still misunderstand one another often. The only person who might know him better is Sam. But Cas knows there are things about Dean that Sam is not privy to, that only Castiel has been granted. He loves Sam, knows how important Sam is to Dean, but the thought still fills him up, a warm and bubbling feeling of pride. If they could see the smug way his feathers puffed and swelled—but they can't. Cas sips his black coffee quietly. Another thing for him alone to know.
Castiel takes a step closer.
"If it comforts you, I don't need a string of beads in exchange for the view."
Eileen sips her coffee—two creams and no sugar—like it's heavenly manna, eyes closed and hands cupped around the mug. Her hair is pulled back, sweaty strands sticking to her cheeks and forehead. She'd taken a swing at one of their ghosts with a shovel and toppled over into the freshly-dug grave earlier. She was lucky to come away with just a couple of bruises and a finger bone stuck in her hair. Sam reaches across, tugs a strand away from her face and tucks it behind her ear. She smiles at him over the rim of her mug, pink cheeks rounded and eyes creasing. She sets it down to thank Cas and Dean for coming to help, fingertips to chin.
They lose Rufus, they lose Ellen all over again. Cas erases the lives of fifty thousand people but still won't look Dean in the eye. Dean thinks that's his fault too, until it comes clear that
His fingers move on the screen.
Dean lowers the knife between them. Cas steps even closer, into the circle of Dean's arms. His temple nudges Dean's cheek, his beard scratching Dean's chin.
Castiel emerges, golden and formless. He fills the air around him with bright and shifting light.
Rowena gives Dean a sharp smirk as they pass. Sam, trailing behind her, looks at Dean like he would gladly murder him with his bare hands right there if Dean so much as blinked at him the wrong way. Dean decides not to test that hypothesis.
Dean is restless the whole drive home, changing the music frequently and fiddling with the dash and generally driving Sam nuts, not because he wants to find another case and keep moving like he usually might, but because he's anxious to get home. He makes himself laugh, thinking about Cas greeting him at the door like a normal… whatever he is.
"So?" Samuel sets his mug down, pushing his chair back from the battered kitchen table. "What was the emergency?"
"What?"
Castiel's eyes dart around, wide and unable to settle in one place on Dean's body. Dean takes pity on him.
When Dean reaches the end of Cas's hair, she's got about a foot long braid that starts out thick at the top and tapers down to a thin, curling lock that Dean ties off with the borrowed hair tie. He's a little disappointed that there's nothing left to do, honestly, and it's probably not the best braid anyone's ever done, but at least it keeps the bulk of it from tangling and getting into Cas's face.
"Actually, they—"
Mina's cute. Dean lets her ramble about her shitty day, her shitty pay, and her shitty friends, and she prods Dean for details that he is markedly sparse with. Somehow, that only seems to draw her in even more. He can remember how much his buddy Sid used to grill him for answers that Dean would always semi-skillfully dance right around. Fuck, he hasn't thought about Sid and his wife in a minute. That one still stings.
"Cas, I— that was a stupid fucking thing I said," he mutters to himself, bent over the hood of a Packard. "I didn't mean that, I was. I was deflecting." He frowns. "No, now I sound like Sam, fuck that. Okay, I was— whatever. Cas, that shit I said, I was just— it wasn't because I think you're fucked up or broken or anything like that, it's because I was… I thought I wasn't good enough. I thought…" He swears, wiping his hands off with a rag. "I didn't want you to pity me. So I went on the attack. Like I always do, and I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have said that to you. So… I'm sorry."
"No, no, the other thing, the. I was, uh. When I was sixteen. A group home. In New York. Just for like, two months, but."
Dean doesn't know if he's convinced, or if he just wants to be. The last time he felt this alone, he was 26 and Sam was in California and their dad was missing. So he nods, lets it go. Says, "Thanks, Sammy," and loosens the fist clenched at his side. They've got evidence of a summoning spell to investigate.
it," Dean says. "They can't say, 'I wanna fuck', but they can say, 'Oh, I just can't get this leaky pipe under my sink to quit, can you come over and help me out?' So then you... you know."
"It wasn't his fault," Dean says, and he feels her mounting a protest without even looking. He doesn't need to explain it to her, explain that he could feel his bones cracking under Castiel's fist, that he knew with certainty in that moment that those words would be the last he ever said to Cas if he didn't stop. It would just make it sound worse. He hadn't even told Sam what Cas did, not all of it. And Dean's mad at him, but he's not trying to make Cas sound like one of the monsters they hunt. That's not the point. The point is that the other angels are
He tries to distract himself by cleaning. He hauls all the bottles and cans out of his room in two great big trash bags, and doesn't ask permission from Cas to steal her stolen truck to take them to the dump. He changes the sheets. Hell, he even dusts the furniture. But then he gets to his mom's room in his chaotic fervor to return the whole dusty bunker to some kind of external order, and he's faced with a dilemma.
Neither of them have opened this door since the day they brought Jack home. He's not sure if he should now. Maybe Rowena will heal up quick and they'll find a way to save her. All of her things will be just how she left them, and it could be a rare moment of perfect normalcy in her otherwise utterly abnormal life. Or maybe she'd want him to make sure her things are clean and fresh when she gets back. He argues with himself for a minute before he says screw it, and opens the door.
"M'sorry," Dean says, voice thin.
"Dean—!" Sam gapes like he swallowed a frog, and that only makes Dean laugh harder. "It wasn't— Don't say that shit in front of—" Sam hisses, and then tries to reel back his reaction, trying as he's done a hundred times before not to let Dean get a rise out of him. He is blessedly unsuccessful. "That's exactly the kind of thing you don't want to say in a Women's Studies class."
They get Kevin's email not long after Dean brings out the bowls on a tray. Then the afternoon turns into one of agonizing over Kevin's notes, trying to track down Metatron, trying not to think too hard about Kevin, not on the run, but taken.
"You told me to."
"No—" Dean starts, then coughs again, but he's shaking his head. His voice is rough and abused, but he's got a pleased tilt to his smile. "It's okay, it's good. For me, anyway. It's
Dean could say that he wants to kiss him again, the way Cas deserves to be kissed. The way Dean wishes he could, if he could just peel back all the layers of scar tissue he's built up over the years. No hard edges, no looming threat. Just Dean's hands sliding through his hair, making the coarse ends of it bristle and stick out in that way that makes him look perpetually post-nap, until Cas sighs and leans into him like a cat.
. He draws his knees up, feeling pleasant pressure between his legs. It's all tied up together into this tangled rubber band ball of sensations. He lets his hand slip back down, and realizes he's wet with more than just spit now.
"Dean," he moans. Dean wants to hear that again. He drags his lips and teeth over Castiel's neck, over the cord of muscle there. Cas shakes against him, fingers buried in his hair, holding him in place.
"That what your Facebook status says?" Sam makes a face at him, and Dean makes one right back. "What, I don't have to have a Facebook to know what's on Facebook."
Dean drives, and feels like his soul is somewhere else, hovering just outside of where his knuckles whiten against the steering wheel, outside of the rigid tension in his back and the gnawing feeling in his stomach. He's got a death hangover in a very literal sense and this isn't helping any. Nothing about their lives has ever obeyed any kind of logic, but this… this requires a hope Dean hasn't been able to feel since he watched his mother disappear, since he wrapped his closest friend in stolen bedsheets and watched him slowly burn to ash. Nothing in Dean's life that leaves ever comes back right, and never without a price.
"Sure. Uh, thank you, too?"
Jack has a little line between his eyebrows. If he can tell Dean's full of shit, he doesn't say anything.
"Boy, you don't make a half bad girl," he says.
junk. He slips past the coarse hair and parts the lips with his forefingers, tracing along the contours of skin, trying to visualize based on feel. He's a little bit wet, but not that much. He finds his clit easily. He doesn't know why it's such a big thing, men not being able to find it—it's literally right there, kind of hard to miss, unless you're a fucking idiot. Touching it doesn't feel good immediately. Just kind of weird.
done something."
Cas stares at his throat, breathing too evenly. "Would that be so terrible?"
"Sit still, okay?"
"No," Cas says after a few minutes. He clears his throat. "No one has ever… done that. To me."
towards Cas more times in one hour than he has in their entire years-long acquaintance. There was a time when this might have annoyed Castiel, or even disgusted him. Now it moves him, though the proper way to react still eludes him. He does not know how to be a brother to him as Dean is. He only knows how to be a brother-in-arms. He would, and has lain down his life for Sam, for Dean, for Mary. Living with them is still a work in progress.
is your car?"
Hell, Cas hadn't even seemed to notice he had tits at all, which shouldn't rankle the way it does. Not more than him never answering Dean's prayers, at least. Maybe that just wasn't the kind of guy—angel—
"Caroline," Cas says, and Dean's a little impressed that she managed to spin his lack of imagination into a real cover. "Good afternoon. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to meet with us."
"I'm taking a shower," Dean says, "so I don't
Dean turns off his music and sets his headphones down on the bed. "All right. Everything okay up there?"
Dean excuses himself to get dinner for the group. Cas offers to come, but Dean declines. He needs some damn breathing room right now. He hops into Baby, rolls the window down, turns the tunes up, lets the familiar rumble of the engine in his arms and thighs soothe him like a lullaby.
"Uh. Wrestling. I was on the wrestling team for a hot minute back when I was a little younger than—" Dean stops himself. "Okay, not actually younger than you, you're— You know what I mean. When I was like, sixteen. But you know, we get into fights a lot, and you can't always rely on a gun, or… crazy magic grace powers. Good to know how to handle yourself hand-to-hand."
Jack goes to him without hesitation. Rowena stares at Sam like he's announced he's going to be running for President.
He said he wasn't really flirting he was just tailing me and then we had to fight a bunch of nazis so it didn't really come up again but I thought he was really flirting. Would a guy flirt with me just for a job if he wasn't really gay
"You're saying I'm a bad example," Dean says, and knows he's correctly intuited the direction this conversation is going when Sam makes that little tight-mouthed face he makes. "For Lucifer's son?"
"Is this the mark you were talking about?" Dean turns his back to Bobby, hiking up the hem of his shirt. Bobby leans in, getting a closer look.
Two days later, the four of them are in a motel just outside of Redbud, Indiana, putting the finishing touches on a fake education history for Jack. They've got him dressed just this side of preppy, and Dean's suited up like it's a fed job, though the cover is much more mundane this time around.
Sometimes, Dean thinks about Mary Campbell.
"We have no idea what we're walking into here. We have no idea how much bad mojo this witch has been skimming off these kids, or if Haleigh's even the only one."
gay, because it's not like he was faking it with all those girls, he's just got, you know, some exceptions. Benny's not gay either, he had a girl he was with before he got turned. He had a
Dean bites down on his cheek. Jessica Biel is hot. If he looked like her, he'd have way fewer problems easing into this
"How do I look?"
"I wish. Those guys get paid," says Dean. Charlie winces.
out here in the field? I don't. Cause what matters is I know how to do my job, and I do it well. Doesn't matter how much useless shit you memorize."
Dean gets that too. He swallows his unease and tries to let it slide.
He strips out of his clothes, shutting out the lights and dragging the blankets over himself with furious finality. He lies still, in the dark, trying to breathe evenly until his body is dragged forcibly into sleep. Either ten minutes or an hour of concerted effort later, he huffs, rolling over to snatch his phone up from the bedside table.
It wasn't that him and Lisa didn't have good sex, because when they were both bringing their A game, they knocked it out of the damn park. But Lisa had a kid, and a day job, school nights and early mornings, and Dean had night terrors and a bottle in his bedside drawer. All those things together added up to, more often than not, an utterly chaste sleeping arrangement. But when Ben was over at a friend's, and Lisa was feeling happy and loose and full of want, wanting Dean, even then, there were nights when he just couldn't. He'd give her what she needed with his mouth or his hands, and then she'd try, for a little while, to get him to the same place. Sometimes it worked, and he could unblock whatever messed up snag in his mind was stopping him from letting go. Sometimes it didn't, and he told her he was tired from working all day, that he just needed to sleep it off and he'd be fine in the morning.
Dean approaches last, hand at his side, eyes boring into her.
Frantic, Dean scans the parking lot to see a group of twenty-somethings in rumpled dress shirts, all men, who look like they've already been partying for a while. They're jeering and hollering at the two of them. He shoves Cas away, stumbling back and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
He's still working up the nerve to dial him up when the sound of boots on the floorboards and tires crunching over gravel breaks the quiet. A couple of hunters tromp through, packing up supplies.
Things take shape the way he expects them to, here. Days pass like years, but bodies mean little beyond what meaning his human mind assigns to them. The soul he sees takes a familiar shape. He spent a year with it, fighting next to it, getting close to it. For a short while, real close. Broad shoulders, a strong jaw, a close-cropped beard. Bright blue eyes looking up at him, trusting him. The man on the rack is nude, his thick chest and belly covered in a layer of downy hair, rising and falling evenly.
about grocery shopping.
"How do I look?" Cas holds herself very still. Dean's teeth swipe across his lip.
"Just tryna get home, Officer," Dean says. He knows he doesn't have the greatest track record when it comes to law enforcement, and wills himself to keep the backtalk to a minimum. He just wants to get back to his car. Just let him get back to his car without anyone else seeing him,
. It's all,
"Don't be. You helped us take down Dick Roman," Dean says, and nudges her knee with his foot. She's stripped out of her leather jerkin and her boots, but she's still wearing the undershirt and leggings from her costume—sorry,
"Uh, yeah—yeah, Jesus, thank you, that's so nice," she says, stunned. Cas stands, shoulders hunched, somehow managing to look diminutive next to a 5'2" mom and her five-year-old. He probably seems like a total weirdo to her, wearing a coat in the middle of this heat, but maybe his being with Dean and the brief respite from her child's tears makes him seem like less of an anomaly. "Justice, say thank you."
Rowena has more bags than can fit in the trunk. She insists that she will have her friend send them along, and makes Sam sit with her in the backseat holding one. She's asked Cas to sit on her other side, so Jack's got shotgun while she's sandwiched between her and Sam in the back. Dean's got a headache already.
"Don't laugh at me, okay?"
"Well... those are fine. Just not the ghost stories." Dean changes the subject before Jack decides to ask him which subreddits he looks at.
"Yeah, Cas? Well, we are," Dean says, his voice strained. Sam clears his throat, his shoulders hunched. Apparently that's the best argument he can muster to back Dean up.
It startles an unsteady laugh out of him, until the press of that hard, blunt length breaches him and punches the air from his lungs. He looks down, eyes round. His dick doesn't look big, but it
"I don't know what's going on with you. But we don't have to talk about it right now. I'm just asking you to stick around. Just be here. Can you please just do that? For a little while?" Sam's voice resonates in his chest. Dean gets him to let go long enough that he can wipe at his eyes with his thumb and forefinger. He gives one curt nod. Sam breathes out haltingly.
Dean tugs his travel bag onto the bed and fishes out his spare pair of jeans and a blue flannel that he deems acceptable after a sniff test. Across from him, Sam makes a strangled noise and turns around rapidly.
"No, uh— No, it's—" Dean shakes his head, trying to formulate the words. He feels like he wandered onto the wrong movie set or something. He's got the wrong script.
The thing that really gets to Dean is how much things between him and Cas don't change at all. He's been in very few actual, long-term relationships, but he remembers it feeling a lot like getting under the hood of a car. There's the shiny, enticing exterior, and then there's the actual inner workings, and all the potential for grease and rust and backbreaking work that goes along with it. Maybe it's work you enjoy doing, maybe it's a waste of time. Maybe you waste a whole lot of your life trying to fix something that's never gonna run. Or maybe you put in the work, and you get a daydream like his Baby.
He sees him then, a dark specter in the corner. You could mistake him for a coat rack if you weren't looking closely.
"What?" Jack looks at him from the passenger's seat.
"Free breakfast," Sam says, looking at the listed amenities with raised eyebrows.
"Wouldn't be the first. Which, uh, maybe that's a sign from God or whoever that I gotta quit gettin' involved with people."
Dean hollows his cheeks and sinks down deeper, lips meeting thumb and forefinger. When he pulls back, the wet noise of Dean's mouth is sudden and loud in the otherwise quiet room. This has embarrassed Dean in the past, but he seems heedless of it now, and dips back down, taking a finger's width of him deeper into the close heat of his mouth. The head of Cas's cock nudges his soft palate before Dean reels back to take a deep breath. Cas holds himself very still, trying to let him set the pace.
"Mmm. Tough break. So there's no secret society of wealthy suits funding the hunting operation, then."
I know you hate nuTrek and I share your reservations but counterpoint: HOT LADY KIRK
"Yeah?" The girl's eyebrows raise. Dean curses himself. Women can be mechanics, sure, he's not from the damn stone-age, but he's not really selling his 'someone else' façade right now. The girl's look of surprise transforms into mild horror, and oh, that's a fun panic attack Dean's got building. "Oh god, I said all that shit about cars. I probably sound like an asshole."
"You make it sound like you're in the mob or something," Charlie snorts.
Castiel has the audacity to blush.
But something in him quails. Is Dean asking to be hit? Cas doesn't know if he can do that, not again, even if Dean asks it of him.
He yanks his shirt off, getting two handfuls of himself in disbelief, and oh, that's what that pain was. He's got angry red marks all over his skin from the sheets and his shirt bunching up while he slept on his stomach. It hurts less when he holds them up, 'cause they're fucking
"Not bad," Rowena says mildly. Dean almost jumps. He'd sort of forgotten she was there. She comes over to show Castiel the mirror again. "Well?"
"All right, Castiel, now's the time," Rowena says. Castiel slips out of the robe, folding it and setting it on the ground. She directs him to sit in the center of the circle, facing away from Jack, in front of the bowl. "When I recite the incantation, I'll need you to turn the bowl over on your head, just like I told you."
Dean.
Other days, Dean finds Rowena in the library with Cas, and the two of them go silent until he leaves again. He doesn't want to stick his nose in Castiel's business right now, he figures he owes him at least that much, but he's curious and more than a little bit worried about it all the same. He can guess what it is they intend to do, once Rowena's up to the task. He just wishes he could ask how Cas feels about it without upsetting things even more than he already has.
"I had to sign all this paperwork. Release stuff. And I guess I could set up a funeral for her, but I don't really know anyone that I want to invite to something like that. I never told anybody about this stuff. I don't know anyone she was friends with before the accident. We don't have any other family. It was just me. And everyone in Michigan, they all still think my name is Carrie Heinlein, you know?"
So, yeah, maybe it's gonna take them a few minutes to make it back out of Dean's room.
"Out." Dean needs to just drive until he stops fuming, and then maybe drive some more.
"What's that?"
in trouble. Just not the kind Jody thinks he's in. He lowers himself into the passenger side, smoothing his dress down over his legs. Jody flicks on the overhead light. Dean winces away from it.
"I mean, a little choking's prolly okay," Dean says, going red to the lovely tips of his ears. "Just try to, y'know, remember to let me breathe once in a while?" And before Cas can ask him what exactly he means, Dean's sealing his mouth to Castiel's half-hard dick through his boxers. Cas sucks in a gasp, his mouth falling open.
Coming is a completely different beast in this body. He's almost afraid he's gonna piss himself, and then he's falling over in a heap, clamping his legs around his hands and feeling his cunt convulse under them. It surges through him, slow and heavy, and his ears feel like they're popping. His face is hot, and he's gulping for air against the patch of drool under his cheek. When he unclenches his legs, another wave of it ripples across his skin, and he whines a little, exhausted and dazed. His wrist aches, and his legs are sore, and he's too hot and too cold all at once, and he's shivering, but at least half of that is just hazy pleasure still bubbling through him like carbonation.
"Did you—"
"You're awful," she moans, smacking his leg with the back of her hand. "No, it's not! Not all anime is porno! And we
There’s a moment when Dean thinks that it’s too much, that he can’t possibly hold himself in check, but he fights it back because he can
“Think I might’ve found a case if you wanna take a look.”
Cas must hear it too, because he steps forward when Dean takes a few seconds too long to answer. “We’ll be fine,” he says irritably, slapping his hand down over the cash Dean’s laid out on the counter and sliding it forward. “Can we have our keys?”
“Do you remember this one?”
It’s fascinating and too painfully human how his guilt has snowballed, dredged up other regrets and paranoias that go far beyond one misstep from the other night. Rationally, Castiel knows that Dean has forgiven him for worse throughout their time together. But the part of Castiel’s mind that’s overwhelmed by
, god, he’s so loose and wet from Cas’s mouth. Dean releases his death grip on the bedding, reaching down to hold himself open now that one of Cas’s hands is occupied. His face is on fire and he doesn’t have the words right now, stunned into silence at his own shamelessness, hoping that’s a bold enough display to say
“It’s time to go,” Cas tells him, hand cupping Dean’s cheek. “You’ve been here for far too long.”
That sort of frank earnestness used to embarrass Dean, but he’s learned to enjoy it. No one’s ever made him feel the way that Cas does, and maybe that’s not so scary after all. Maybe that’s kind of the best thing that’s ever happened to him.
Castiel is convinced that the true nature and intensity of his feelings must be obvious by now, which does make him wonder what exactly is holding Dean back. Maybe what Castiel’s mistaken for denial is actually a lack of interest or reciprocated sentiment on Dean’s part. It’s an ugly, heartbreaking possibility, but one he must acknowledge and prepare himself for, simply for the sake of self-preservation. Or perhaps Dean is closing himself off to Castiel’s affections not because of disgust, but his horrendously low self-esteem, unable to see how deeply Castiel’s feelings run because he thinks he’s undeserving. That’s heartbreaking too, in an entirely different way.
Dean tenses, and he swears he catches a hint of a smirk from Jones.
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel dutifully replies as Dean slips from the room with one last glance in Castiel’s direction.
By some miracle, Cas is done teasing him for the time being, and Dean’s lost in it, Cas’s mouth soft but insistent, stubble scraping his sensitive skin, a second finger stretching him and curling inside just right, relentless over that spot that makes him choke on his own breath. “I’m gonna come,” he says with urgency, surprised to hear himself say it out loud, to realize how fucking close he is – grinding against the bed, Cas working him over with his fingers and tongue, it’s more than enough to get him there, sobbing Cas’s name, gasping
Dean gets him so wound up that if he’s not careful, he may shatter a few light bulbs with the sheer, unfettered vexation coursing through him.
Cas hums in response. “You weren’t joking earlier,” he says, his own smile audible. “You… enjoyed that.”
All too often they want each other like this but have to pretend otherwise, and now that they don’t have to fake it it’s spilling out uncontrollably – and kind of sloppily, honestly, now that alcohol is involved. Dean is fidgeting in his seat, pinned by Cas’s gaze, genuine arousal coursing through him. That’s just the effect Cas has on him, no matter where they are.
Castiel nods faintly, notices that it’s not easy for him to look at Dean either. Awkward, Castiel realizes, this is
Even though his own eyes slam shut in pleasure, Dean knows that Cas is watching him keenly, enraptured by the way Dean responds to his attentions. Cas retrieves the abandoned bottle from the mussed sheets and flips it open, takes Dean’s cock in hand, slicks him up with tight, leisurely strokes and Christ, Dean’s already so close to losing it. He bites his lip and tries to control himself, to keep from thrusting into Cas’s fist until he tips over the edge. Cas makes him crazy, spread out and unfairly gorgeous, his touch confident, knowing exactly how to make Dean feel good – Christ, maybe too good too soon.
every night with someone he wants so badly, but not being able to really act on it. He can’t believe he’s still so desperate for it, how he’s been spoiled by Cas’s touch, his undivided attention in the privacy of one of their beds or a shared motel room.
Dean peers over his shoulder and yep, of course, it’s just his luck that some slob chose that very moment to make an appearance, standing outside his own car at the adjacent pump.
in his eye when he pulls back to study Dean’s face, fingers sliding through his hair in a firm grip – not tight enough to hurt, but enough for Dean to feel it, for Cas to make sure that he’s got Dean’s full attention.
, in reality, so you would know just how real my feelings are.”
Castiel heeds Dean’s request, the slow pace torturous, almost too much for him – he can’t even imagine what it’s like for Dean.
